BDSM Library - One Short Stop Before Dinner




One Short Stop Before Dinner
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Husband, wife and daughter are kidnapped by black gang and sexually assaulted. Daughter is foreced into prostitution by gang before being returned home.
This is a work of fiction and meant for persons at least 18 years old.  The
names do not represent real people.


ONE SHORT STOP BEFORE DINNER

Chapter 1

It was a warm late Saturday afternoon as Neil Nesbaum his wife Edith and their
19 year old daughter Ariel took the off ramp from the freeway leading to the
garment factory he owned in the industrial area of the city, just a short stop
before they went to an early dinner.

Neil's 45 year old wife was irritated at the detour and wasn't shy about letting
him know it, she'd been carping at him for the better part of the drive.   Even
with her complaining he still cared for her a great deal, she still hadn't lost
her thin figure over the years even with having a child, at 120 lbs and 5'5" she
was still an attractive women.  Her chestnut hair was full bodied and came down
below her shoulders, her gray eyes, small nose and thin lips along with her fair
complexion made Neil proud of his attractive wife, even if her small breasts
weren't as big as he liked he enjoyed her sensitive dark nipples.  He still
loved having sex with her, she still had a tight pussy and on the rare occasion
she gave him oral sex her soft moist mouth made the wait worth it.

Tonight she was dressed in her black wrap skirt that showed off her legs nicely,
a red blouse, black panty hose and 2" heels and the red sexy underwear she was
wearing underneath had him wishing they could get back home as quickly as
possible.  The only thing he didn't like about her was her attitude, she still
had the typical Jewish princes way about her that she learned from her mother,
and passed along to Ariel.  He listened to her voice and wished she'd just shut
up and not ruin a perfectly good weekend.

"Dammit Neil why can't you just pick up the paper work on Monday morning, why do
we have to stop on the way to dinner" she pestered him.

At 55 Neil was use to his wife, he loved her and their daughter very much but
sometimes she could be a real bitch.  "Edith I told you I have to go to the bank
first thing on Monday, it's in the opposite direction of work and I don't want
to have to drive all the way to the factory in morning traffic to pick them up. 
It won't take more then 15 minutes to print out what I need then we'll go to
dinner and be back home in time to watch the movie you wanted to see".  The tone
of his wife's voice made Neil realize that no matter how he felt about getting
home he wasn't going to get lucky tonight.

Seated in the back seat of the new SUV Ariel wasn't only unhappy about the stop
but of having to go to dinner with her parents.  She had just come back from her
European vacation and wanted to go out with her boyfriend, not spend her first
weekend back home stuck with her parents.  At 5'-7" and 120 lbs. Ariel looked
much like her mother, her hair was the same dark chestnut color but she kept it
much longer, almost to her waist, and her breasts were a nice b cup and tipped
with small pink sensitive nipples.  Tonight she wore a blue skirt and matching
tank top that showed off her tanned arms and legs.  Since it was warm this
evening she wore no hose and had on a 3" strap heels that showed off her well
manicured red painted toe nails and long lean legs.  She sat in the back idly
leafing through a magazine hoping her parents didn't fight all through dinner.


Neil swung the vehicle onto the side street where his business was located, he
had a profitable garment manufacturing business located in this industrial
section of the city.  On weekends the area was deserted except for the
occasional homeless person sleeping in the alleys.  What Neil hadn't seen as he
listened to his wife complain about stopping was the nondescript older car that
had started following him right after he got off  the freeway.

In the car were three youthful members of Leonard Washington's business
organization, of course Leonard wasn't what they called him, most of his people
referred to him as The Boss.  What few friends he had called him Len and to one
segment of his well disciplined organization he was Pimp Daddy.

Leonard was born into the black ghetto that was part of the industrial area of
the city, he'd grown up fast and hard as most young blacks do.  The one
exception was that he didn't shun school as most others did, in fact he'd
graduated from the state college system with a business degree.  The difference
between Leonard and his fellow graduates was that he turned his knowledge
towards organizing illegal activities, first in his neighborhood then expanding
out so he controlled a large part of the inner city, including where Neil had
his business.

At 32 Leonard had control over and more power then most CEO's of major
corporations, for the well muscled 6'-6" black man had the authority over the
very lives of his people.  No one crossed him, or at least lived to do it twice. 
His youth had taught him violence undirected was wasted, but when used properly
resulted in obedience if not loyalty.  Actually he treated the men that worked
for him well, making sure they took care of their families and paying them well
for their services.  He controlled the normal violence associated with black
ghettos so the crime rate was actually lower, at least crimes we associate with
this type of neighborhood, then in other similar areas.  If the police were
aware of the reason why crime was down they weren't telling the public and in
fact Leonard's organization had never attracted undo attention from the
authorities.

Leonard's business interests included drugs, gambling, prostitution, burglary
and of course auto theft.  He ran one of the biggest and best prostitution rings
in the inner city, over the past several years he'd changed it from just street
walking black drug addicts to Latin, European and Oriental female immigrants who
entered this country illegally.  His Mexican drug supplier also had a side line
of smuggling people into this country and when Leonard proposed his idea of
siphoning off one or two attractive girls from each batch brought across so he
could start his new stable the man jumped at the chance to earn the extra money
paid by Leonard.  The European women came from another drug connection that
brought over women from the former Soviet Republic's.  A Hong Kong connection
supplied the Asian women.

Convincing the unsuspecting women to work for him wasn't all that hard, in fact
it was one of the best perks his men enjoyed.  Wanda ran that part of the
organization for him, she had spent several year's on her back but was smart and
good looking and tho Leonard had enjoyed her many talents as a prostitute he
found her knowledge of the business very useful.  She was in charge of "breaking
in" the new merchandise, the usual process was a general gang bang followed by
several days of physical abuse then training by Wanda or one of the other more
senior girls on how to be a good whore.  Leonard owned several motels in the
ghetto where they plied there trade.  They weren't allowed drugs and were
relatively clean, given medical attention by a Doctor and required to keep
themselves fit and well groomed.  Disobedience was treated harshly, punishment
ranged from a simple beating to torture by one of Leonard's men that enjoyed
that sort of thing or a repeat of the gang bang.  All in all it was a very
profitable division of Leonard's organization.

The three young black's following the expensive truck watched it turn into a
small side street, they decided that car jacking it would be easy.  They watched
it park in front of an old warehouse and a middle aged slightly over weight
white man get out and unlock the door leading into the building.  They couldn't
see the other occupants inside the vehicle since the windows were tinted. 

Greg, the leader of the trio quickly turned the corner so he could circle the
block and come in from the alley on the other side.  "Listen if that cracker
leaves his truck out front while he's inside we boost it and leave, no trouble. 
If he comes out we just bust his chops, no fucking shooting or The Boss will
shit all over us, we jus takes the car and split", the other two nodded their
heads in agreement.  The Boss never wanted any killing unless he ordered it,
since it just brought to much heat down from the authorities.

As they pulled out of the alley so they could see if the truck was still there
they saw it pulling into the building through the now open sliding door.  "Shit
lets go get him inside, bust his chops, tie him up and see if there's anything
inside that building to take with us, then we go" Greg informed his companions. 
With that he pulled up to the side of the building and the three quickly exited
the car so they could overpower their victim before he closed the door.

Neil was of course unaware of the three as he walked back to the open door to
close it, he saw the shadow of Greg on the floor but before he could react the
22 year old punched him square in the jaw knocking him to the dirty cement
floor.  The three of them surrounded him, one kicking him in the groin, the
other in the stomach as Greg hit the button so the garage door slid down and
closed.

Edith heard something fall, then Neil's cry of pain as he was kicked.  She
jumped out of the truck just in time to see Neil kicked in the stomach by a tall
black youth, before she could even cry out she saw the door closing, blocking
out the bright sunlight.  "Neil ...........stop don't hit him" she cried out not
realizing the danger that she was in.

"Shit" Greg shouted, then with youthful vigor he covered the distance between
him and Edith before she could react and backhanded her across the side of her
face sending her sprawling across the dusty floor stunning her.

Ariel heard her mother scream and turned to look back towards her through the
window when she saw the black youth slap her mother and send her to the floor. 
In unthinking panic she jumped out of the vehicle only to see her father laying
semi conscious by the door of the building, "Mom .......... Dad" she screamed as
her hands flew to her face.

"Jesus fucking christ how many are in there" Greg yelled, then grabbed the now
screaming girl in his arms before she could even hope to flee.  "Grab the old
bitch so she don't run" he called out to one of his accomplices.  Before Edith
could get her senses back her arm was twisted behind her back and she was lifted
from the floor as the strong black youth grabbed a handful of her hair to make
sure she couldn't get away.

"Motherfucker we be in pussy heaven" cried out the gang member that was standing
over Neil.

Greg struggled with the Ariel as she tried to kick him as he held her in a bear
hug.  He squeezed her tightly in his grip until she couldn't breath then let he
loose so he could slam her stomach into the truck fender knocking the breath and
fight out of her.  He quickly grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled a small
caliber gun from his pocket, yanking her head back he held it to her temple. 
"Listen bitch you scream or fight and I'll blow yer  fucking head off along with
the other two", pulling her hair painfully so her head was pulled further back
he yelled,"understand me bitch".

Ariel's eyes were wide with fear, the pain from having her hair pulled didn't
even register with her as the gun pressed against the side of her head.  "Please
......please don't hurt us ...." she pleaded as her saw her mother being
manhandled by the other youth.

"Find something to tie the dude up so he don't make a fuss, then help tie the
other bitch ... and hurry fucking up" Greg ordered in an angry voice.  He was
worried, what should have been a rather nice present to The Boss was turning out
to be more then he bargained for.  He wasn't sure what to do with the three
white people he had but wanted them tied up before there was any more trouble.

Ariel could smell the stale odor of sweat on the black that held her tightly
against his body.  Like all whites she was instinctively afraid of blacks, she
had never been touched by one, let alone had one with his face pressed against
hers.  She was scared and felt like she was going to throw up.

Neil was no problem tying up since he was still stunned by the attack and there
was plenty of rope laying around the musky warehouse.  Edith was another matter,
once she'd regained her senses she started screaming at the youth that held her.  
"Get your stinking hands off me you filthy nigger" she screamed as she kicked
and twisted in his arms, even with her arm bent back she was a handful of fury
and indignation.  He finally rammed her stomach into the end of a table to quite
her.  As she gasped for breath the two of them tied her wrists together behind
her back and dumped her next to her husband.

The two looked at Greg and the prize he held in his hands, they both started
rubbing their crotches and had wide grins on their faces, "shit man let's party
hardy with theses bitches" one of them said with glee.

"You fucking assholes, we don't do notten till I calls The Boss, I ain't gonna
to piss him off".  Pulling Ariel around so her back was pressed against the
truck and Greg's sweaty body pushing against her he held her face just inches
from his.  "Now you listen bitch, you just get on your fucking knees with your
hands on top of yer head and cross them ankles or I blow you away ....fucking
understand me BITCH" he spat into her face as he pressed the barrel of the gun
into her stomach.

Ariel could smell his foul breath and was looking right into his blood shot
eyes.  She was too terrified to speak, she nodded her head as best she could. 
Then Greg pushed her to her knees hurting her as they hit the hard floor.  Greg
couldn't think of any other way to place her, he had her kneeling like the cops
did to suspects and from personal experience he knew she couldn't jump up faster
then he could grab her.  Finally sure he had the situation under control he
grabbed a short rope and tied Ariel's hands behind her back and placed her with
her parents.  The three terrified people lay on the floor eyeing there three
captors.

"Listen man let's fuck the bitch's and split, no big thing man ....hell it won't
be the first time why get The Boss involved" one of them argued not wanting to
wait for permission to rape the two women.

"Fuck you .... either one of you fucks with me and you know he gonna bust your
nigger ass, just let me call.  If he don't care then we fuck um ...other wise we
do as he says ......understand".  The other two knew better then to argue, even
if they did disagree.  "Now get the fucking car out of sight so it don't attract
the man".  With that Greg fished out his cell phone and called, they put him
right through when he said it was an emergency.  He explained the situation
quickly, gave the address where they were then hung up, he breathed a sigh of
relief, The Boss wasn't mad, he understood it was unavoidable.

Edith was coming around and started protesting in no uncertain terms as to her
feelings about what was going on.  "You bastards let us go or I'll see you in
jail for the rest of your lives ...you dirty fucking niggers let us go" she
shrieked.  She went on like this until Greg told them to stuff something in her
mouth, Ariel saw one of the youths find the most disgusting dirty rag he could
find then stuff it into her mother's mouth finally quieting her.  Ariel sat on
the ground with her parents trying to keep herself from becoming hysterical as
she listened to what they wanted to do to her.

"Man I gonna love stuffing that white cunt with my black snake" one of them said
as he hefted his cock inside his pants and leered at Ariel.

"Yea man she gonna get it from both ends .........one in her mouth and the other
up her snatch" the other added as he slapped his companion on the back.

It seemed like forever until a knock at the door announced The Boss's arrival. 
By this time Neil had regained his senses and he too had a rag stuffed into his
mouth so he would stop asking what they planned to do.  He had offered them
money to let them go but Greg knew any decisions about what was going to happen
to them weren't up to him.

Leonard surveyed the scene before him, he knew if he let them go he'd have the
police all over the neighborhood.   He didn't need the attention, the
authorities would go crazy when these white people reported being attacked.  He
eyed the two women closely as he went through their purses and Neil's wallet. 
He had to smile to himself when he saw their home address, he owned a large
apartment complex not more then 10 miles from where they lived.  He had turned
it into a high class whorehouse and kept his best looking women there.

Of course these same women were also used at the motels located in the ghetto
area.  Leonard always found it amusing that the well to do white men that
frequented the apartment and paid top dollar for the girls didn't realize that
they also had worked in the low priced ones he owned.  What these men paid from
$500 to $1,000 for the black's and other minorities had used for $25 to $100
depending on which house they were working in that week.  Once the girls found
out the difference between working the nice house, as they referred to it, and
the other's they worked hard to be allowed to stay there.  Of course they were
rotated around but if they minded their manners and obeyed he kept them at the
better ones, new girls always started out at the bottom.

He smoked his trade mark thin cigar as he pondered what to do.  It didn't take
long to decide, if he let them go they'd report the attack, but he didn't really
want to just kill them.  That wasn't a moral issue it was one of survival, he
didn't want the three youths to be able to hold that over him, any killing that
was done was always carried out by much more trusted set of his lieutenants and
disposing of his three employees wasn't an answer to the problem.

Finally he decided that of all the options he had the one that was best and that
suited his hidden desire to dominate the white's that looked down on him his
whole life was to convince these people it was in there best interest to keep
quite about what had already happened and what was going to happen to them. 
Leonard's sizable cock grew hard in anticipation as he started making calls to
put his plan into action.

Within half an hour he had been joined by his three top lieutenants, one of whom
was Wanda, and fifteen more of his men and 5 girls from one of his houses. 
While this was being done he'd had the three whites put out of sight until he
explained the situation to his people.  What he was planning on doing was
breaking in the young bitch for the entertainment of his people, then giving her
father the option of keeping quite or have everyone know what had happened.  It
wasn't fool proof but he knew enough about psychology to know this was the best
way to keep the police out of it.  He could always resort to other means to
achieve it, the proper people could take them away and make sure there untimely
deaths were not tied to his home turf, but at least his first choice provided a
nice diversion for his employee's.




Chapter 2

With everyone now present Leonard stopped wasting time and started giving orders
to his people, "get them out here so I can teach you people something new" he
ordered.  The three captives were brought out, each of them cringed in fright
and struggled with the men holding them as they saw the crowd of people now
gathered in the warehouse.

Neil had a 5' 2X4 put behind his back under his shoulders, then his arms were
bound to the length of wood so he couldn't get away, he tried to fight but
several blows to his stomach ended any argument.  The wood was then attached to
ropes hung from the overhead rafters and he was hoisted up so he was hanging in
the air.  It put an awful strain on his shoulders and he moaned through the rag
still stuffed in his mouth shacking his head no as he looked over the mob before
him in wide eyed terror.  As he hung in the air he could hear his wife screaming
at the assembled crowd, he knew they were in trouble but he wished his wife
would shut the fuck up almost as bad as everyone else.

Edith's rag was pulled from her mouth and she immediately started screaming
obscenities at everyone, even Ariel wished her mother would shut her mouth. 
"You fucking jungle bunnies get your filthy hands off of me this minute" she
shouted as she was pulled over near where her husband hung helpless.  Leonard
walked over to the middle aged white women and looked her over as if she was a
side of beef.  He couldn't believe how she was talking, if he hadn't been
inclined to hurt her he would have just because of what she was saying.

Without saying anything he punched her in the stomach doubling her over and if
not for being held up she would have collapsed on the floor, as it was her knees
were pulled up into her stomach and she was held in the air in the fetal
position by two strong henchmen of Leonard's.  She retched up a large puddle of
opaque fluid that left a terrible taste in her mouth and dribbled from her red
lips in long sticky strands.

Leonard took her long hair in his hands and yanked Edith's head up so she was
looking at his face.  "Your one dumb ass bitch ..... even a jungle bunny knows
enough smarts not to piss off someone that holds there future in their hands" he
told her with a wide grin.

Leonard had Wanda handle the arrangements for Edith.  He watched with interest
as Wanda had Edith's wrists released then tore off the expensive red blouse
leaving her in just a red satin bra.  "Bitch don't need no support with them
small titty bags" Wanda laughingly told the group then ripped it from her body
exposing the small boobs, taking the small dark nipples between her fingers as
she was held by Greg Wanda ground them harshly between her fingers until Edith
was screaming before she released them.

Forced to her knees, Edith's arms were pulled up behind her so she was bent
forward still gasping for breath, then with the backs of her hands facing each
other Wanda used rough hemp rope to bind her arms.  She started at the shoulders
and pulled the rope tight forcing Edith's shoulders back and arms together. 
Edith groaned in pain, she thought her shoulders were being pulled from their
sockets, the rope bit into her soft white flesh as it was wound down her arms to
her wrists where it was tied off.  Pulling her head up so she could look down at
the tear stained face of the once haughty Jewish princess Wanda laughed at her
terrified expression.

Leonard came over to Edith and knelt beside her, cupping her chin gently in his
hands.  "I bet that stuff left a bad taste in your mouth don't it ....", he
looked over Edith's driver's license then  continued, "Edith". 

When an answer wasn't forthcoming Wanda pulled up on Edith's hair until she was
almost lifting her from her knees, she whimpered pitifully but finally was able
to answer Leonard, "yes".  Wanda then let off the pressure on her hair and
looked at Leonard with puzzlement as he stood up.  Then with a wide smirk across
his face Leonard unzipped his pants and pulled out his penis.  At first Wanda
thought he was going to have the kneeling women give him a blow job, which might
be a bit dangerous she thought.

Edith's eyes got wide as she looked at the huge black cock hanging in front of
her, even soft it was sizable and she'd never seen one like it.  Leonard then
stepped back and without saying another word started pissing on her face.  With
the first warm spurt Edith pulled away but Wanda, with the help of Greg, grabbed
her hair and pulled her up from her knees as she screeched in pain.  Her mouth
flew open and Leonard directed the strong stream of piss directly into her
mouth.  Edith was powerless to stop this defilement, she couldn't pull away and
was forced to swallow great quantities of his strong dark yellow stream.  When
he finished he stuffed his tool back into his pants and calmly announced "who
wants to use our new toilet next".

The 20 plus men and women each took turns pissing on Edith as she knelt on the
floor in the growing puddle of urine that formed around her.  Neil was
struggling with his own pain but tears flowed from his eyes as he watched his
wife defiled before his eyes, helpless to protect her.  Ariel was kneeling on
the floor watching her mother being urinated on by these animals, tears ran down
her face as she watched man after man walk over and piss on her mother. 

Edith's hair was soaked and matted to her head, her whole body glistened with
the pee of the men.  As each took his turn they would taunt her.  "Hey bitch
have some niggeraid", "now who you think is filthy cunt".  If  Edith tried to
close her mouth Wanda would take her nipples between her fingers and squeeze
them until she opened it, Wanda told her she liked her "piss sluts to smile when
they drank".  Even the women were ordered to take there turn, Edith was laid
back so they could squat over her upturned face and piss on her as she was
forced to look into their cunts.  She was held in place until she was soaked in
the foul smelling liquid, her shower continued for at least half an hour.

Finally Wanda straddled her, she squatted low over her face so Edith could smell
the musky order of her well used cunt.  Edith looked into the dark pink hole
that seemed large enough to hold her hand as Wanda grasped her already abused
nipples and twisted them viciously, "now beg for my piss bitch ....beg Wanda to
use our new toilet".  Her face beamed in triumph as Edith now begged to be
pissed on, "please piss on me .... please .........god it hurts stop ....piss on
me" she cried out.

It wasn't enough for Wanda, she had someone get her two pliers so she could grip
the wet nipples better then tried to lift Edith up by them until she screamed
out to her "please let me be your toilet ........piss on me .....please I want
to taste your piss".  The serrated jaws of the pliers were released, then Wanda
moved so her ass was right over Edith's face then reached back and pulled her
cheeks apart and let a wet loose stream of shit out of her well used ass.

Wanda always seemed to have wet messy bowel movements, but then that could be
expected from someone that had routinely been fucked in the ass several times a
day during her working years.  The foul stream of lumpy shit spewed forth
covering Edith's upturned face, even tho she clamped her mouth shut some of it
got into her mouth.  The stench in her nostrils caused Edith to start gagging
which only allowed more of the putrid brown soup to get into her mouth.

Finally Wanda finished her dump and let a strong stream of piss drench Edith's
face washing away some of the brown mess.  Edith was puking up all the piss and
shit she'd drank already and started gagging on it since she was laying on her
back.  With little effort to be gentle Edith was rolled over so she wouldn't
choke to death on her own puke.

The room stunk of piss and shit as Edith laid in the brown watery mess moaning
softly, Ariel thought she too would be sick when she saw the black women shit on
her mother's face.  Everyone in the room was a bit sickened by this last act of
degradation heaped on the helpless women, everyone except Leonard and the
whore's he had brought along, they were well aware of Wanda's ability to inflict
pain and humiliation, having been on the receiving end when they were trained.

Finally this part of the ordeal was over, Leonard had Edith taken to the
bathroom and her face washed off in the toilet and the floor rinsed, the girls
he had Wanda bring along were very useful for this task.  The floor actually was
cleaned better then Edith, if it wasn't for the smell he would have left her
covered in her own vomit and Wanda's shit but he was anxious to move on with
what he planned to do.

Edith had a noose placed around her neck, her arms were still painfully bound
behind her.  The end of the rope was thrown over rafter and pulled taunt enough
so she was forced to keep some weight off her heels so she could breath freely. 
The rough rope chaffed her skin and her shoes, even though they only had 2"
heels hurt her feet and her legs were cramping but for once in her life Edith
didn't raise one sound of complaint.




Chapter 3

Satisfied with abusing Edith Leonard now had Ariel brought over to him.  She had
a hard time walking as her legs were asleep from kneeling so long, her knees
also ached because of being on the hard concrete floor.  Leonard was standing in
front of Ariel's parents, as she shuffled forward Neil started thrashing about
and screaming through the rag stuffed into his mouth.  Even Edith whimpered out
a "no" as her only daughter was brought before the monster that had mistreated
her.

Ariel felt terribly alone as she stood with her hands tied behind her in front
of the milling crowd, her thoughts of being raped had been forgotten by what
she'd been forced to watch being done to her mother, but now that fear returned
to her.  Leonard turned her so she was facing her parents, then gently dried her
eyes and let her blow her nose.  She felt his large hands touching her bare
shoulders and shivered as his rough hands moved over her soft smooth skin.  Her
eyes watched her fathers face contort in anguish as Leonard's hands combed
through his daughters lovely hair and caress her bare shoulders and arms.

Everyone was sitting around drinking the beer that had been bought, watching the
trembling girl with both lust and bewilderment as to just what The Boss planned
for this one.  They could never have guessed at what he'd allowed them to do to
the older white women, with this one they could only hope he'd share her in a
different manner.  Pissing on the snooty white bitch was fun but they all wanted
to fuck the younger one, it was a true testimony of The Boss's power that he
could keep young strong males like them in check.

Holding up her driver's license he compared the picture to her face, "you're 19
A-r-i-e-l, what kind of dumb shit name is dat" he asked.  Ariel didn't say
anything, she just stood still as a statute not knowing just what he was going
to do to her.  "I ask you a question bitch, what kind of name is dis", Leonard
was well educated and could pronounce her name without her help.  Leonard had an
excellent command of the English language, but he choose to talk ghetto black
when it suited him.

Both her parents watched what was happening to their daughter with fear in their
eyes.  Wanda went over to Edith and started pinching her nipples which elicited
further cries of distress from her.  Ariel looked over at what Wanda was doing,
then to Leonard with pleading eyes, "Ariel .... it's pronounced Ariel ... 
please don't hurt her .........please" she begged with tears in her eyes in what
sounded like a child's voice.

Leonard knew what he wanted to do, he'd broken in hundreds of women before,
making them productive hookers for his organization. Generally a good gang fuck
and a beating was all it took to get them into the mood to work for him.  The
usual immigrant women he broke in didn't have any family to worry about but this
one was an educated white chick, like the ones at the college he'd attended,
like the ones that wouldn't go out with him and had lived a very sheltered life. 
He wanted to take his time, he wanted to enjoy the process and entertain his men
while satisfying his own personal sexual bent and inner hatred for being
shunned.  Besides he'd never broken one in with her father watching, since he
didn't actually want to kill them he knew by the time he was done they would be
willing to keep the whole thing quiet.

"Well that's a purty name but I think air head be better  ...don't you" he said
to the terrified teenager.

"Please ......god please just let us go .......we won't tell .....really" Ariel
begged him in a quiet voice as she eyed her parents plight.

Grabbing a handful of her hair Leonard pulled her face up so she was looking at
him, "I asked you a question, don't you think your new name is real nice" to
emphasize the point he pulled up on her hair until she emitted a sharp squeal.

"Yes ......yes it's pretty" she stammered trying to keep from crying again.

"What's pretty" he demanded putting more strain on her hair.

"My name .......my name ......it's ... it's pretty ......I like the name air
head" she gasped out trying to please the maniac that held her captive.

"Now you listen here air head you stop lookin at them two over there" he told
the frightened girl, grabbing her chin and forcing her to look up at him.  "They
don't be nobody to you now bitch ...nothing .....understand" he told her with
mock sincerity as he looked into the trembling features of Ariel.

"I be your daddy now girl ... I be your pimp daddy ...and she be yer mamma" he
told her forcing her to look over at the grinning Wanda.  "You understand
......they be just Neil and Edith to you now .....don't you be forgetin it" he
demanded as he pulled her face back so she was looking at him again.

With a trembling voice Ariel stammered, "yes ......yes I understand".

"Understand what" Leonard asked again with anger in his voice as he put pressure
on her chin with his fingers.

"You ...you ...be my new daddy", a second tug on her hair forced her to finish
what Leonard wanted her to say, "my ... my pimp daddy .....and ...and she is my
new momma" Ariel halting was able to say.  Even though Ariel had been raised in
upper class white society she understood what the word "pimp" meant and it
scared her.

Releasing his hold on her hair Leonard kissed her on the forehead, Ariel
shivered at the touch of his big wet lips on her skin.  "Good now we be learning
real good bitch, now I'm gonna cut the rope off ya.  Air head you be a real good
little bitch and not try to fuck with me and we gonna get along, you don't and
you gonna get an education from Wanda here on how to behave ...got it bitch" he
said winking at her.

Ariel felt tears of humiliation stream down her face as she nodded her
understanding, a glance up at her father's pained expression made her feel
worse.  Her gaze shifted to her mother who now had part of her red blouse
stuffed into her mouth so her moans wouldn't disturb the ongoing show.  Wanda
was running her hands along her mother's chest, pinching her nipples and kissing
her face leaving it shiny with saliva.  Edith was squirming in her tight bondage
and was shacking her head no at the attentions of Wanda.

Ariel rubbed her wrists now that they were freed from the rough rope.  Leonard
pulled up a chair and looked over his new toy, the room itself was hushed except
for the muffled sounds coming from Ariel's captive parents.  The atmosphere was
tense, the whore's that had been brought in were being fondled by various
members but they didn't want to partake of there charms just yet, everyone
wanted to be fresh when they got there chance at the new bitch.  They knew The
Boss was going to break her in but just how and what he was going to do to her
they couldn't even begin to imagine.

Most of them hadn't really seen a new one being broken, yes they'd all been part
of a gang bang at one time or another but by the time they'd gotten their chance
Leonard and several of the top people had already had a go at them, this time
they were going to get a fresh one, or at least one that hadn't become docile
from a few days of training by Leonard and Wanda.

"OK now air head take off the top so we can all see what your goodies look like"
Leonard ordered as he seated himself on the wooden chair he'd placed near him. 
"Don't be lookin at dem bitch ......look at me"

Ariel blushed deep red and hugged herself tightly, she shifted her gaze from her
parents to the floor.  "Please ....." she murmured as her stomach churned in
fear.

"OK ......you two hold her" Leonard ordered two of the whore's standing near by. 
The two girls, neither one much over 20 themselves were dressed in there normal
cloths, tube tops, stretch mini skirts and 3" mules.  The overdone makeup,
teased hair and the garish colors of their cloths announced that they were
prostitutes.  The shorter dark girl was from a small village in Mexico, she'd
been with Leonard for six months now, her eyes held that haunted animal look all
of his women had no matter how much they smiled and tried to look happy.

The taller white girl had been born in an industrial town deep inside Russia,
she'd hoped to come to America and marry a rich husband.  Instead she'd found
herself fucking and sucking cock 12 hours a day 5 days a week in one of his
motels.  One free day was spent giving freebies to any member of Leonard's gang
that wanted it, the other day was spent servicing Leonard if he wanted or
providing Wanda with her pleasure.

The living accommodations and working conditions provided by Leonard weren't
actually to bad if judged by the standards that most of the girls lived in
before they immigrated to America.  They were well fed and were allowed days
off, she had worked sometimes 7 days a week in her old country to make enough
money to live.  Of course her job there didn't entail being a whore, once she
got over her shyness and did what they asked her to do she wasn't even beaten
very often.

Eight months ago her fair white skin was covered with dark purple welts from
Wanda's bitch whip, a 2' length of pliable rubber hose, it had convinced her
that being shy wasn't a desired trait in her new line of work.  The first 4"
inches of it had a wooden dowel pushed inside so Wanda or Leonard could grip it
or shove it into some waiting hole if they wanted to abuse someone.  The rest of
it had been slit length wise to form 8 individual nasty strands of pure hell. 
The rubber wouldn't cut the skin and if not used to hard would not even leave
bruises, but if used full force would leave deep bruises that sometimes took
weeks to go away.

Both of them detached themselves from the two brothers that had been fondling
their tits and twats, pulling up there tops and down what passed for skirts,
they came over to the quacking girl and grabbed her tightly by the arms to hold
her.  Ariel looked back and forth between them and whispered a plea for help. 
She had no concept what these two young girls had been subjected to, yet, they
weren't cruel or uncaring but the harsh life they'd been forced into left little
room for anything but obeying orders.  They truly wished they could help her,
they yearned for someone to help them, but knew the fate of those that crossed
either Leonard or Wanda.

Leonard casually rose from his seat and approached the hanging from of Ariel's
father, he reached up and ripped open the shirt exposing his white flabby chest
and stomach.  Without even looking back but standing to one side so Ariel had a
clear view of what he was doing, he took out his lighter and started to run the
bright flame across Neil's nipples.  Even with the gag Neil's screams could be
heard clearly, he tried to kick at Leonard but he had expected that and a hard
blow to Neil's stomach took all the fight out of him.

As Leonard ran the flame over each nipple Ariel cried out loudly "NO
............NO .........PLEASE STOP IT ........" as she tried to pull free of
the hands holding her.  Both girls held her tightly between them knowing that if
she broke away they would surly feel the bitch whip, if not the lighter itself. 
An additional incentive was that they might be sent from what could be termed a
comfortable apartment to the streets to practice their profession, or worse yet
to a crack house where they would be abused almost without stop.  The strength
in there hold was more then pure physical strength it was born out of a
determination that no matter what they were forced to do it could get much
worse.

Ariel thrashed about screaming at Leonard to stop, finally screaming out "have
them let go of me ...I'll take it off .........please ........I'll do it
.....I'LL DO IT".

Putting his lighter away Leonard heard the hushed comments passed between his
people "fuck man this is fucking great, he's going to make the bitch beg for
it".  He knew he'd been right now in how he handled the situation, he was going
to show these people how a respectable white family could be broken to his will.

Turning to the struggling crying girl he told her "now you ask Pimp Daddy real
nice ..........I mean real nice and I may let you show your titties to me
......but if you ain't convincing then I'm gonna just have ta start on Neil's
lower parts with my lighter".

"NO......... GOD DON'T", Ariel pleaded, "please ..........god please let me take
off my top don't hurt him anymore" she sobbed.

Wanda had now walked behind Ariel sporting a wide grin, Leonard smiled back and
nodded his head slightly.  Wanda might not have the advantage of going to
college but she understood what he was doing.  This one was going to be broken
but it wasn't going to be a quick one, she was going to enjoy this very much. 
She whispered into Ariel's ear, telling her what to say, and warning of the
consequences if she didn't.

Ariel felt her blood run cold when one of the threats was to shove a bottle up
her ass then kick her till it shattered.  Ariel didn't know if that was even
possible but she didn't want to tempt them.  She repeated in a loud voice what
Wanda had told her to say.

"Pimp Daddy pleeeease let air head take off her top and show her goodies to you.  
Pleeease Pimp Daddy let me ...........air head wants to show off her goodies to
everyone".

"OK then show us cunt", the two girls let her arms go and Ariel pulled off her
top showing her black Victories Secret front close bra that held her firm b cup
breasts.  Ariel had a light tan she'd gotten by laying on the beach's of Europe
during her vacation, her slim body was soft and unblemished, the assembled
audience took in the sight with growing anticipation of what was to follow.  To
a man they wanted to fuck her, but this show The Boss was putting on was
something none of them expected and they were enjoying it.

Wanda took the top from her, as Ariel pulled her arms up to cover herself Wanda
smacked the back of her head hard with her open hand, or as they say in the
trade a "bitch slap", one that hurts but won't mark the merchandise to badly. 
"None of that air head, when Pimp Daddy wants you to show something you shows it
...got it new meat", Wanda punctuated her instructions with another bitch slap
to the back of her head.  Ariel hung her head down so she didn't have to look at
the people standing around her, then let her arms drop to her sides as she was
ordered to do.

Leonard licked his lips, he was as hard as he could remember and it took all his
will power not to go over and strip his new meat and fuck her right then and
there.  But he held himself in check, he wasn't going to fuck her until he'd
completely degraded this young white girl.

Edith had somewhat recovered from the shock of her shower was again struggling
in her bonds.  Leonard's second in command had come over to her and was fondling
her bare breasts and sticking his thick tongue in her ear.  He held her steady
and pulled out her gag so he could hear what she had to say.  Edith showed them
she wasn't a quick study in how to act properly when faced with a dangerous
situation.

"You dirty black bastard you let her alone ...I'll have your ass for this
............don't you disgusting animals have any decency I'll...." with that he
shoved the sopping gag back into her mouth as everyone laughed at Leonard's most
trusted lieutenant's comment, "momma I think it's us that's gonna have YOUR ass
for to long".

"Now bitch off with the skirt ...lets see what your money box looks like"
Leonard ordered.

Ariel resigned herself to the fact she was going to be stripped naked before
these people and god knows what else, with shacking fingers she unzipped her
skirt and lowered it, then stepped out of it and gave it to Wanda.  She wondered
if she'd ever feel clean again, there eyes staring at her made her feel dirty. 
She stood with her arms at her sides, the black bra and matching bikini panties
along with her shoes was all she had on.  She could feel herself sweating in the
hot warehouse and tensed up as she felt Wanda's sharp nail snap the back of her
bra.

Everyone drank in the sight of this nearly naked young white girl before them
and her almost girlish figure.  Ariel's body was slim and firm, her hips narrow,
her stomach almost concave with her small navel peaking out from above the waist
band of her panties.  Her hip bones jutted out slightly and her thighs, though
slim, were well shaped.  The heels she wore shaped her slender calves and
produced just enough tension on her thigh muscles so they were well defined
under the light tan of her skin.  They watched her stomach heave from her
sobbing as she stood there in the expensive underwear she had worn that day in
anticipation of meeting her boyfriend.

"Now bitch you tell your new daddy if you be a virgin" Leonard announced in his
best black ghetto speak.

Ariel looked up questioningly at Leonard, she saw her father hanging in front of
her with angry red patches where the flame had burned him, her mother was again
being fondled but this time by two people.  One of them had his hand up inside
her skirt obviously being very harsh with how he was touching her since she was
crying out in her gag and kicking her legs, if it hadn't been for them holding
her she would have strangled on the rope around her neck.

"What .........I mean ........." Ariel felt the hard smack on the back of her
head from Wanda, "answer the man bitch .......you been fucked or not".

"I ......I .........what difference does it make ........." Ariel buried her
face into her hands sobbing at this new indignity being forced upon her.

"Just so you's knows it makes me a difference ..........you be a slow learner
bitch" then Leonard walked back over to her and grabbed a handful of hair and
pulled her to the chair.  "Now you be a good bitch and bend over the back and
grab the seat for your new daddy" he told her.

Ariel hesitantly bent over the chair with her stomach resting against the narrow
edge of the back then reached down and grasped the edges of the seat, her feet
barely resting on the floor.  Her long hair flowed forward over her face so she
couldn't see Leonard motion to Wanda who'd already figured out it was time for
the bitch whip.  She went and got it from the car leaving Ariel bent over the
chair with her ass facing her parents and the rest of the crowd.  The whore's
knew what was coming even if Ariel and the other's didn't, they cringed inside,
they'd all been over a chair and knew the routine by heart.

While they waited for Wanda to return Leonard explained to Ariel what was
expected of her.  "Now here's the deal air head, I'll keep it simple cause I
don't think you bright enough to follow any complicated directions judging from
how dumb that old bitch that whelped you be.  You all keep a tight grip on that
chair you hear, cause if in you let go we start over ....got it dick meat". 

As Leonard talked to her he pushed her panties deep into the cleft of her ass
exposing both lovely cheeks.  Leonard looked with satisfaction at the twin white
globes framed by her tan line and the black Y now formed by her panties,
obviously little Ariel didn't go in for skimpy bottoms as both spheres were
creamy white from her hips to where they curved to meet the backs of her legs. 
He was secretly glad of that, he was going to let Wanda turn these two untouched
white pieces of meat red with the rubber hose.

As he waited for Wanda his rough fingers traced over the soft white skin of
Ariel's buttocks.  He watched her quiver at his touch, the low moan of "no
please don't" only made him enjoy toying with her more.  He tugged at the
material pulling it up between her cheeks more until it was buried deep inside
the twin cheeks so her entire butt was bare.

As Leonard's fingers traced around her upturned ass Ariel shook with both fear
and loathing.  She hated him for doing this to her and her parents and feared
what was going to be done to her as she was bent over the chair.

Wanda returned and stood next to Leonard looking over the two firm white mounds,
bent over the way she was the skin was taunt along the back of her thighs, the
whip would hurt that much worse with the skin stretched tight.  Leonard sure
knew how to position a bitch for a whipping, when they met she'd been a working
girl herself and her pimp had used the same kind of hose on her several times,
being light skinned Wanda reddened up nicely when whipped.  When all they had
was black girls the darker ones didn't show much, but now that they had all
South American and white ones in the stable she found breaking them in provided
her with a sexual gratification she had never known.  Since Leonard had given
her the opportunity, a rare one in the profession of selling women, to run the
girls Wanda had started to enjoy sex for the first time in her life, especially
with the girls.

Leonard whispered his instructions to Wanda but let her tell the bent over
apprehensive teenager what was going to happen.  Leonard understood the added
mental terror in having to wait, even without his classes in psychology he'd
taken his street smarts taught him not to rush certain things.  Wanda didn't
need college classes to understand what it meant to be bent over a chair waiting
for what was going to happen, she had first had experience.  She was finding
more enjoyment in this then with any of the other girls she'd trained, the fact
was Wanda's own money box was slick with her arousal.

She looked over at Ariel's parents, Edith was still being molested by several
young black youths and her father was sobbing uncontrollable at the sight of his
beautiful daughter being forced to do what these animals wanted.  He cursed
himself for stopping at the office, he cursed himself for making Ariel come to
dinner with them, most of all he dreaded what he knew was going to inevitably be
done to his daughter and wife.

Ariel was trying to keep from hyperventilating, she tried not to clench her butt
cheeks since every time she did crude comments were shouted out. Though she had
never seen a new girl being broken she knew being bent over the chair meant bad
news but couldn't even imagine what they were actually going to do, she tried to
relax and control her sobbing.  She felt totally exposed and helpless with her
panties pulled tight between her crack, they even cut between her pussy lips so
they stuck out on either side of the strip of cloth pulled tightly between her
legs.  She could feel everyone's eyes on her bare backside, ever time she
clenched her butt the comments became worse.

"Man look at that purty white ass twitch .......when we get to see the bitch's
glory hole Boss".

"Shit man I make dat bitch twitch when she get my dick shoved up tween her
cheeks"

"Fuck that man ..she just right for me to fuck her bitch box just like she is"

Now Ariel felt Wanda's fingers trace over her upturned ass, her fingers were
soft and as she traced her nail down her target she saw Ariel shudder.  Wanda
smiled at the sight, she was going to enjoy flogging this girl's ass until it
was cherry red.  Wanda cupped each white glob softly then started to give Ariel
her instructions in a low husky voice.

"Now you listen up new meat, I be given you 10 of the best, you leave go of that
chair and I start over ....you count each one out real loud so every one hear
you ...no count ..........no count, you lose count and we be start in over",
Wanda laughed along with the others at her little play on words.  "You also
thank momma Wanda after each one and sound real sincere for how she teaching you
to be a good bitch or it don't count neither, now repeat what I said bitch so's
I knows you understand".

Ariel repeated her instructions, she was made to do it several times until she
was screaming out what she'd been told, even using the same degrading language
and ghetto speak to refer to herself.  "New meat will hold da chair without
letting go ...... air head will count each stroke and thank my new momma for
teaching me how to be a good bitch .....if dis bitch lose count momma Wanda
gonna start over from one and if air head don't count loud enough then it don't
count". 

By the time Ariel had repeated her instructions properly she was sobbing loudly
and with the accompanying catcalls of the people she felt so demeaned that she
didn't know how she could feel any worse.  Her face was flushed and her temples
pounded from being head down so long and her stomach hurt from the hard edge of
the chair digging into her, very soon that was going to be the least of her
worries.

"Yea beat that bitch's ass red Wanda"

 "Whoop the new white whore's ass so it be black and blue for a week".

"Give it to her Wanda ......let's see dat bitch's ass be whooped till she beg
for the dick".

The whore's knew how it was to wait for the whip, it had been at least 20
minutes since Ariel had been positioned for her first pimp beating and they knew
Wanda could drag out one for an hour if she wanted to.

The first stroke caught Ariel unaware, she cried out in anguish as the rubber
bit into her bare flesh with a pain she didn't know existed.  Her hands flew to
her behind and she fell off the chair onto the dirty floor curling into a tight
ball holding her inflamed cheeks.

"Now bitch you done fucked up ...........fucked up real good ......we be adding
5 more on to your 10 for all that falling down and such.  You go on and get your
skinny white ass back up for Wanda make it another 10" Wanda told her with great
joy in her voice.

"God please ............I can't .............no more ............god don't whip
me any more" Ariel cried out as she cringed on the floor smearing her clean skin
with the filth covering the floor.

Leonard walked over to the weeping girl and kicked her gently in the ass with
his toe, "you get your ass back up there sweet meat or we spread your legs and
whip that money box of yers ...know what's I mean bitch".

Ariel's ass throbbed from the whip, she was sure they'd torn her open but she
didn't see blood on her hands, she looked up at Leonard towering over her with a
mixture of dread and pain in her eyes.  "What ...........please ..........I ....
I mean ......." she stammered between sobs trying to sort out what he meant.

"Your cunt dumb shit" Wanda told her, "he mean we spread your fucking legs and
whip yer little love box stead of you ass  .......now get your ass up or I be
turning your slit into hamburger" Wanda yelled at her.

She knew Leonard didn't like his merchandise damaged so she didn't give pussy
whippings very often, it meant the girl could only sell he ass or mouth and
Wanda knew this one didn't have much experience in mouth fucking and as far as
her shit hole was concerned she knew it was unused and as tight as any she'd
ever seen.

"NO.......... GOD you can't be serious" Ariel cried out.  Looking into Leonard's
face then to the look Wanda had on hers, she knew they were serious.  She eyed
the wicked looking hose, then slowly got back into position.

They all saw the angry red mark left by the hose across both cheeks, Neil was
hoping they'd kill him so he didn't have to watch any more.  Edith's concern
wasn't so much for her daughter's safety at the moment, this wasn't because she
didn't love her daughter, or didn't appreciate her suffering.  She was being
told in very quite whispers just what was in store for her, they had made her
feel up several hard cocks with her hands, each one felt as big as a sausage to
her.  She was terrified as they described how they were going to be shoved up
her ass and cunt while she sucked off any number of them.

Ariel gripped the edges of the chair as hard as she could, then the second one
landed across her thighs, mid way between her knees and ass with a sharp snap. 
She shrieked out in pain but held the chair trying to catch her breath and keep
her balance as her legs kicked up.  She cried out a long mournful "noooooooo"
when Wanda informed her that she still hadn't gotten to one yet since she hadn't
counted.  The next lash was again across her tightly clenched cheeks, this time
Ariel shouted out 1 and after a brief pause to catch her breath thanked Wanda
for her lesson.

Wanda knew Leonard's instructions, he didn't want this piece of property marked
to badly, at least not yet.  Wanda hadn't been using full force on the
unfortunate girl, the knowing experienced whore's knew it, at least those that
were still watching.  Several of the men couldn't wait and were either fucking
one of the available women or getting blow jobs.  Another perk of working for
Leonard was the use of the prostitutes for free.

Each time Wanda laid the pliable rubber hose across Ariel's butt or thighs a
high pitched wail called out the count "four momma ...........thank you for
teaching me to be a good bitch".  "Seven momma ..........god .......please
.........momma please ....I be a good bitch" Ariel wailed as she gripped the
edge of the chair tightly and her legs flailed in the air.  "Ten .........oh god
I ........I momma I be a good bitch momma ..thank you for teaching me" Ariel
wailed.

"That only be nine bitch looks like we start over now" Wanda told Ariel with a
calm voice.

"NOOOOOOOO ......please", the hose landed across Ariel's reddened ass with a
thud, "god please ......." Ariel sobbed but started the count over again.  "One
momma I be a good bitch momma I promise ...thank you for whipping me".  And so
it went until Ariel had received the full count.

It took almost an hour to finish the full 15 strokes, actually she received a
total of 25 by the time Wanda was done since she'd lost count once and forgot to
thank her several times.  Leonard had chimed in during the latter part of the
punishment with the count and on how good air head was to be remembering to
thank Wanda for each one.  It sounded natural but both he and Wanda knew he
didn't want her beaten senseless, they both wanted Ariel to be fully aware of
what was being done to her.

When Wanda finished Ariel was pulled up by her hair from her position, her legs
wouldn't hold her so she sank to the floor, unable to stand or even talk.  All
she could do was lay on the floor crying uncontrollably as her body twitched
about like a fish out of water as she lay curled up in a tight ball as she
clutched at her abused flesh.

Neil had puked during the beating and someone had taken out his gag so he
wouldn't choke to death.  He'd been given some warm beer to drink, which he was
grateful for, even thanking the youth.  Edith also had been given something to
drink, but the half full can of beer was topped off with piss before she was
forced to drink it down.  A hand over her mouth kept her swallowing her own
vomit until she finally was able to keep the mixture down.

Ariel was given water to drink by the Russian whore who'd held her before.  She
whispered what encouragement she could to her in broken English.  Even the harsh
conditions she'd been through since coming to America hadn't killed all her
human feelings.  "Do what they say ...no beat so bad then" she whispered.

Ariel was finally able to stand and face Leonard and her parents, she didn't
even bother to pull her panties from the crack of her ass, she didn't think she
could stand the light fabric touching her skin.  Her ass and backs of her thighs
all the way to her knees were dark scarlet in color and it felt as if she had
second degree burns. 

Leonard pulled Ariel around and bent her over, ordering her to hold her ankles
with her hands so her mistreated ass and thighs were once again fully displayed
for all to see.  The once creamy white cheeks were dark red, the backs of her
tanned thighs were also a fiery red, the entire area was extremely tender. 
Leonard ran his large fingers over the area extracting pathetic moans from the
bent over girl.  To Ariel it felt as if sandpaper was being rubbed across her
tender skin and she trembled as he touched her.  Experience told Leonard that
Wanda had done exactly what he wanted, the redness would disappear within an
hour or so, the darker red lines would take at least a day, perhaps two, to fade
and Ariel wouldn't have any severe bruising from her first lesson in being his
bitch.

Leonard could feel the heat generated by her body, he eyed the wicked thin red
lines etched on her once unblemished skin.  A wicked smile played across his
face,  knowing just how painful the touch of his fingers were to his captive. He
looked at her parents trussed up like two animals, the pained expression on
Ariel's father's face told him his plan was working.  As for Edith, well she
could see how her daughter had been flogged with the brutal hose but the look on
her face told Leonard that her real concern was that she herself would be
whipped also.

Pulling Ariel up and facing her again to her parents Leonard asked "Now bitch
answer the question, you be a honest to god virgin Jew or not".

Trying to control her crying Ariel finally answered him, "no ....... no I'm not
a virgin .....Pimp Daddy".

The room erupted in a symphony of comments, "shit fuck done missed out on
another virgin again".  "Even if it not new it only been slightly used".  "Man I
don't care if the bitch be fucked a dozen times she be one good lookin piece of
ass".

"Well how much you sell yer pussy for girl" Wanda demanded.

Ariel looked up at not understanding what she meant, "I ..........I didn't SELL
IT" Ariel shot back with some defiance in her voice.

"You didn't huh .....well you just tell us all about it now girl and I be the
judge of dat" Wanda answered her in a sarcastic tone of voice.

After a bit of cross examination by Leonard and Wanda, along with a reminder
that the bitch whip would be used if she kept fucking around and not answering
the questions, Ariel finally admitted to having sex with her boyfriend just
before she left for Europe, that she'd fucked him twice, she had been planning
to see him that night except for the dinner with her parents keeping her from
him and that she'd finally slept with him after a dinner date.

"Well how much he done spend on you girl .....come on tell us how much yer
boyfriend done spent for you done give him some of dat brand new pussy" Wanda
asked.

"I ...I don't know .....we had dinner and .......and ....well maybe $80 or so"
Ariel answered in a soft voice as she kept her eyes on the floor and tears ran
down her cheeks.

"Shit you be one dumb bitch .......you think you so high and mighty cause you
didn't "sell it" to him.  Bitch you jus sold it like any old whore but you not
git anything that it worth.  Even a drunk ass nigger pay more then that for a
cute white girl's pussy.  Hell bitch I'd have gotten at least a $1,000 cash
money for a prime piece of pussy like you stead of sellin it for a meal ...even
if it be an $80 one.  Hell we git almost that much for one of these bitches
right here girl ...cash money ....only a crack head slut be trading her pussy
for a meal" Wanda gleefully told the now totally humiliated girl.

Ariel reluctantly admitted to kissing her boyfriends cock, giving him a hand job
and that she still had a cherry ass.  All this was done as she stood very close
to her parents, they made her look at them as she told of her sexual experience. 
She was even made to apologize for having given away her precious prize for so
little.  Neil would have given all he had and could steal if only she had gone
out on her date instead of being made to have dinner with them tonight.

Leonard was now ready to go on with his little game, he was enjoying this more
then he'd actually thought he would, even Wanda was having a good time.  "Now
air head let's see them boobies you been hiding so far" Leonard finally ordered
her.

Ariel didn't hesitate to pull off her bra, which Wanda took away from her. 
"Look like air head don't go in for topless stuff brothers" one of the more
intelligent one's called out as Ariel's b cup tits were put on display.  They
were perfect little white boobs framed by the tan lines left by her bikini top,
her two well formed pink nipples positioned just above center were tweaked by
Leonard until they were two hard little pink nubbin's displayed proudly for all
to see.

Leonard inspected them up close and personal as everyone gathered around.  He
manhandled them, then sucked on them, getting as much of her tit into his mouth
as he could.  Ariel felt nauseated at the loud sucking sounds he made as he took
each one into his mouth and sucked on them until they were sore.

The white skin had turned pink by the time he finished with her and shined with
his spit and her nipples had turned a darker shade of pink and stood out on each
breast proudly.  Then Ariel was made to parade around the room offering up her
tits for everyone to see and touch, Wanda got first crack at them, twisting the
sensitive nipples as Ariel fingers tightly clasped her hair to keep from taking
her hands from the top of her head were  she'd been ordered keep them.

As she was passed around by Leonard's people they sucked, licked and fondled the
whimpering teen's increasingly sore tits groping them brutally and slobbering
all over them, some even spilled beer over them so they could lick it off, some
ran down her stomach staining her panties.  Everyone grabbed a handful of her
tight ass cheeks or smacked them causing to cry out in misery, several poured
cold beer over her ass and thighs which appalled her but actually felt good on
her hot skin.

By the time Ariel had finished showing off her tits they were bright red and
sore from everyone pawing at them and her entire chest dripped with accumulated
spit and beer.  Even the whore's were made to suck and feel up the 19 year old
girl, who only hours ago had been touched by only one person.  Ariel felt dirty
beyond reason and wanted to wipe the vile coating from her body, only the
thought of what they'd done to her mother made her feel lucky.  Finally she was
back to where she started, standing next to the hulking form of Pimp Daddy.




Chapter 4

"Now bitch let's see what you done sold so cheap to your boyfriend".  The way
Leonard said "boyfriend" made it sound like a dirty word.  "Slide off them purty
panties for yer daddy"

Ariel's trembling fingers grasped the waistband of her panties, though she was
almost naked already this last piece of her clothing at least felt like some
barrier against further assault.   She pulled the flimsy garment down around her
hips then bent her knees slightly so she could pull them down to her ankles so
as not to rub the material against her raw flesh.   She had to squat to pull
them from around her feet as bending over tightened the skin on the backs of her
legs and caused her to wince in pain.  She rose up clutching the panties in her
hands holding them over her pubic area, Wanda snatched them away from her.

"Don't hide nothin honey child lets see what your money box done look like"
Wanda declared as she tossed the panties into the crowd of onlookers.

The crowd cheered as Ariel was made to stand facing them in just her heels, the
panties were passed around and the crotch licked and smelled as crude remarks
were shouted at her regarding how sweet she smelled and tasted.  Ariel's pubic
region was as white as her tits and ass once were, Ariel had forgotten she'd
trimmed her pubic hair so that all that remained of her once thick bush was a
single half inch wide 2" long strip of hair starting just above the top of her
slit.

The neatly trimmed line of dark hair was in stark contrast to the creamy
whiteness of the surrounding skin untouched by the sun due to the  modest bikini
swim suits Ariel had been wearing on her vacation.  The display of  her nude
body brought forth a huge round of applause and at least two of the people
present stained their shorts with cum as they saw her finally displayed naked.

"Well looky here this bitch done shave her snatch so pretty like, you do that
for you boyfriend bitch" Wanda asked as she ran he fingers over the curve of
Ariel's pubic mound.  Ariel's whole body shuddered as Wanda's fingers played
with what little pubic hair Ariel had, when no answer was given Wanda grasped a
tuft of it and pulled.  "Well answer me bitch or I yank out what's left of your
pussy fuzz one by one".

"No ......no I didn't shave it for him" Ariel hesitantly answered her eyes again
looking at her parents in shame.

"I done told you not to be lookin at them bitch" Leonard yelled, emphasizing his
point with a bitch slap to the back of her head.  "Now why you done plucked your
pussy girl" he asked as Wanda kept a firm grip on the hair held between her
fingers.

"Because .........because .....it ...showed when .....when .....when I wore a
bathing suit" she finally said.

Wanda let go of the hair she had been holding but again started to run her
fingers over the white skin of Ariel's crotch.  She let her fingers roam down to
the small bare patch just above Ariel's slit, then started to push them down so
they brushed her hooded clit.  Ariel kept her legs tightly clamped together as
Wanda's fingers tired to  push down between her trembling thighs.

"Now don't you keep your momma from feeling up her only white child" Wanda
chided her as she grabbed a handful of Ariel's ass and squeezed, pushing her
nails into the tender flesh.

Ariel's face screwed up in pain and she parted her legs so Wanda could get her
hand between them.  Ariel's hands flew up to cover her face as she was fondled
by the women.  "Why this little tramp done even cut the hairs off her pussy lips
... now then honey child how'd yer boyfriend like his shaved littler beaver"
Wanda asked loud enough so the noisy assembly of people could hear.  Ariel stood
stiffly allowing Wanda to touch her private parts but couldn't help but cringe
as her fingers touched her soft neither lips.

"Damn Wanda don't keep it to yourself let us feel that bitch's pussy"

"Don't care if the bitch done shaved her ass .....I jus wants a piece of that
fine pussy".

Suddenly Wanda pinched the delicate flesh between her fingers causing Ariel to
yelp in pain, her legs snapped together and her hands flew to the abused area. 
Wanda slapped Ariel's hands away as her verbal assault on Ariel's self esteem
continued.  "Now you tell yer momma if that boyfriend done liked little air
head's naked twat and don't be reaching down to that fuck box lessen I tell's
you to".

Again the word "boyfriend" sounded dirty to Ariel's ears, she was now up on her
tip toes trying to relieve the discomfort caused by Wanda's grip on her pussy
lips.  "No .........NO he hasn't seen it ..." Ariel squeaked as she clenched her
fists so she wouldn't reach down to Wanda's hands.

"Well then he be havin a right nice surprise when he see's it again
........course yer bitch box ain't gonna be as tight as he members it" Wanda
laughingly told Ariel as she finally let go of her now tender outer lips.

"Sure nuff won't be tight like he members it .........." several people called
out.

Leonard had a desk pulled over to them, "now bitch get yer ass up on this here
desk so we can get a good look at what you done brought for your new daddy"
Leonard ordered.

Ariel started to sit on the desk but jumped up as her tender butt touched the
hard surface.  "Get you butt up there or I give you something to jump about new
meat" Wanda warned her.  The only way Ariel could get up on the desk without
hurting herself further to turn around and crawl up on her knees.  She was
mortified as she realized her entire pussy was exposed to everyone when she got
up on the desk that way.  She turned over onto her back then as gently as she
could settled herself softly on the desk top.

"You stay on your knees like that for just a minute bitch" Leonard ordered her.

Ariel rolled back over and got up on her hands and knees facing away from
everyone and feared what was going to be done next.  "Now bitch you jus put yer
head down on the desk, spread them legs and reach back and show everyone what
you got" Leonard ordered her.

"Oh god .......please" Ariel moaned softly but a smack on her sore cheeks had
her head down and hands pulling her cheeks wide apart exposing not only her
hairless pussy but her asshole as well.  As she listened to the comments and
felt Leonard's finger trace up her now open ass crack she started sobbing
quietly, "please stop........please ......god please let it end".

"God damn that's one prime piece of pussy".

"I done seen her glory hole and now I kin die happy"

"Shit man that bitch got's a hole that be winking at us .....jus beggin to be
home to my meat"

Leonard's finger traced around the puckered hole of her rectal opening , causing
it to involuntarily contract.  He admired the tight star shaped dark pink
opening as his finger rested on it.  He wanted to push his finger inside her now
but by just putting pressure on it and watching how Ariel shuddered he was
letting her know what his intentions were yet made her wait for the final act of
full penetration.  He smiled knowing Ariel's mind  would be thinking of being
used anally but not knowing when it would happen.

Wanda also fingered Ariel's virgin hole, dragging her nail over it making her
arch up and push her ass out as if she was enjoying it.  "Boss man that be one
tight hole there ...it be needin a big gob of grease so somethin can be put in
there" Wanda told Leonard.

Leonard fully intended to open up Ariel's small anal passage but he wasn't ready
for that yet.  "Enough of this .....you be gettin on your back bitch
..........git them hands of yours around your ankles girl and spread them legs
so your daddy can get a good look at his little girls money maker" Leonard
ordered.

Ariel gladly rolled over, being on her knees and having her butt fingered was
hideous and the thought of them actually putting something inside her their made
her feel sick to her stomach.  Even though she'd still be exposing herself when
she was on her back having her asshole so lewdly exhibited was almost more then
she could stand.

Ariel got over onto her back and brought her legs up, grasped her ankles and
spread her knees far apart so her pussy was on full display which made her feel
a bit less degraded, she kept her eyes glued to the ceiling above her head.  As
she lay there exposing her private parts for everyone to see she closed her eyes
and wished she'd struggled when they first captured her so they would have
killed her then instead of being forced to endure what was being done to her
now.  As always the comments were crude and numerous from her many admirer's.

"Motherfucker that's the tightest fuck box I ever done seen"

"Shit man that gonna be just another big ole hole once we done with it"

"Man I done never seen such a tight slit before ......look at it .....it be as
hairless as a babies bottom".

Leonard looked down at the blushing girl with satisfaction, but he wasn't quite
ready to fuck her, not just yet.  He reached down and ran his finger across her
tight vaginal opening, Ariel winced at his touch but kept her knees apart. 
Leonard found the sight of the slim slit aroused him, he realized he'd never
actually just looked at one for this long before.  Her outer lips were just a
bit puffy but hid her opening completely,  after several strokes with his rough
finger he announced "girl you be dry as a old fucking women, you reach down
there and rub your little love box for your Pimp Daddy".

Ariel didn't move so Wanda grabbed her left nipple and gave it a hard squeeze,
"you done heard him new meat ...you reach down there and flick your joy button
till you juice up real nice for everyone".

Ariel arched up off the table at the sharp pain  caused by Wanda's fingers and
made a short yelping sound.  Then she released her ankles and moved her hands to
her crotch.  She felt the smoothly shaven area then the softness of her pubic
hairs.  As her fingers touched her outer lips she started to sob openly again,
she wanted to keep her eyes clamped shut as this new indignity was forced upon
her.

Again Wanda grasped her tender red nipple and crushed it between her fingers
enjoying the sound of Ariel's whimpers.  She grabbed her hair and pulled her
head up, "now you open them eyes so you can see what you be doin bitch"

Ariel opened her tear reddened eyes, but what she saw made her scream out in
terror and rebel at what she had been ordered to do.  Ariel snapped her legs
shut trapping her hands between her thighs and rolled over onto her side as she
pulled up into a tight ball.  "NOOOOOOO .....I can't ......please ........please
just do it ....do it .... Just do it and stop making me wait" she wailed.

"Man this whore be beggin to be fucked" a chores of people shouted.

What she'd seen when she'd opened her eyes was everyone crowded around her
leering at her crotch.  Twenty some males all crouched around her literally
drooling at her displayed sex was to much for the girl to deal with, even with
the threat of punishment Ariel hadn't been broken enough to demean herself by
masturbating for them while she was forced to look at them.

Leonard motioned to his two lieutenant's to grab Ariel's ankles while he swiftly
grabbed her wrists in his large hands and pulled them up over her head. 
"NOOoooooo" Ariel cried out but her struggles were no match for the three strong
men.  Her legs were pulled apart at more then 45 degree angles sending waves of
pain through her hips as Leonard held her wrists in one hand while bunching up a
large tangle of her hair in the other.  The men holding her legs apart had a
magnificent view of her slit being pulled partially open as they held her ankles
tightly.

Pulling her head up so she was looking out between her legs Leonard scolded her
"you look bitch .... open them eyes up and look" he shouted as he shook her head
violently.

Ariel opened her eyes and again saw the leering grins, the hands grasping at
their bulging crotches and Wanda's cruel smile as she stood there holding the
bitch whip lightly in her hands.

"Now you gonna ask yer momma to teach you some manners girl" Leonard told her
continuing to shake her head, "you ask Wanda here to whip them spread out thighs
till you learn to obey your daddy".

When Ariel didn't respond Leonard nodded his head and Wanda brought the rubber
whip down hard on the inside of  her unblemished right thigh extracting a 
sorrowful wail from the hapless teenager's lips.

"You done brought this on yourself bitch ....now you ask yer momma to do it and
count each lesson she done give you or we do this til you ain't got no skin left
to whip".  With that Wanda brought down her terrible scourge with full force
onto the tender flesh of her left inner thigh midway between Ariel's knee and
hip.  Ariel bucked up and almost pulled her ankles from the tight grasp of the
two men holding her open, even Leonard had a hard time holding onto her.  Her
shrieks filled the large expanse of space and her body continued to convulse for
several minutes after she was struck.  The dark red splotch left by the whip
raised up into an ugly welt almost immediately.

"Open them eyes and ask for yer lesson fuck meat or the next one be on yer
snatch" Leonard warned her.

Ariel opened her eyes, now the surrounding people were just a tearful blur to
her, she could barely make out Wanda standing right between her legs.  She could
see the terrible welt left by the last stroke and through her pain was finally
able to do as Leonard ordered.

"Mom .....mom ..... momma teach me to be a good bitch ..... teach me man .....
manners momma" Ariel pleaded between gasps.

The look Leonard gave Wanda told her not to land the next strokes as hard as the
last, "OK girl since you be askin your momma be given".

Wanda laid five more strokes onto each of the wailing girls inner thighs,
alternating between each one.  While they were not as hard as the second one,
each left an angry red patch of skin with several thin abrasions that would
remain for at least a day.

While Ariel was being beaten her real parents were forced to watch.  Neil 's
eyes were open but his mind didn't register what was actually going on, it had
turned off to what was being done to his only child, he only heard the faraway
cries of someone he thought he knew.

Edith watched with a detachment that showed her mind had also found refuge
somewhere else then where she was.  She saw the rubber bite deep into the flesh
of her daughter, heard the snap of rubber meeting skin, the terrible wail of a
woman's voice, but could no longer equate that with someone she loved.

When Wanda was done Ariel was reduced to a blubbering animal, when she was
released she slowly rolled over onto her side pressing her legs together and
tried to absorb the hideous pain that had been inflicted on the tender flesh of
her inner thighs.

The room again became quite, only the sobs of the beaten girl were heard as the
mob silently watched the once beautiful young women reduced to a dirty wretched
thing laying on the battered desk top.  Some murmured softly to each other,
others simply sipped their beer trying to absorb what they had just witnessed. 
None of the men had seen Wanda at work before and the brutality of her actions
surprised them.

Leonard looked around at his people, most had stopped looking at the girl and
were just sitting around.  Only the whore's looked at Ariel's softly sobbing
form on the desk, each one had  been treated in a similar manner at one time or
another.  They alone understood what she was going through.

Grabbing Ariel's hair he pulled her onto her back and slapped her several times
across her face bringing her back to her senses.  "Now bitch you get them legs
spread out with yer fingers dancing or I be lettin Wanda have her way with you
agin".

Ariel brought her ankles up under her butt, spreading her knees wide so she was
once again displayed for the world to see.  Her eyes were closed but she brought
her hands down to her crotch and started rubbing two fingers at the top of her
slit.

"Now girl how you gonna get anythin to happen if you just rubs it that way
....you get it wet now or you be sore pretty quick" Wanda told the almost
comatose girl.

Ariel licked her finger tips and returned to rubbing between her legs, the agony
left by the whip overrode any pleasure possible by touching herself, no matter
how hard she tried.  Ariel's fingers spread back the soft outer lips so the
light pink skin of her vagina was visible, then her finger tips found her little
pink clit and started rubbing it.

"Girl I jus gonna have to help you agin" Wanda said as she approached.

Ariel's mind could only comprehend that her tormentor was returning, "NO.... NO
please I'll do better" she cried out as she started rubbing faster to please her
captors.

"Shit honey child I only gonna help you a bit", Wanda pulled Ariel's hand away
then used her thumbs to pull apart her outer lips.  Wanda looked into the soft
pink folds of Ariel's vagina and smiled an evil grin knowing that before much
longer the tight slit would be a gapping red hole dripping sperm. 

Ariel covered her face with her hands thinking they were going to beat her
defenseless pussy, then she heard Wanda hock huge glob of spit directly into her
vagina.  At first Ariel felt relief that she wasn't going to be hurt again, then
she was filled revulsion by Wanda's action.  She kept her face hidden behind her
hands hoping they'd finally reached the point where they'd rape her.

Wanda massaged the sticky mess into Ariel's dry pussy, pushing her fingers deep
inside her.  She finger fucked the girl, sliding them against the roof of her
channel to stimulate her.  She spread apart the upper part of Ariel's lips to
expose her clitoris and after spitting on it to moisten the tender membrane
started to rub it tenderly with her fingers.

Everyone watched the two women intently for almost 10 minutes, the room was
quite except for the sound of Wanda's fingers fucking into the tight hole of the
girl spread out before her and Ariel's soft sobs.  Ariel started to feel the
pleasure of Wanda's experienced fingers, despite her pain, despite the fact she
didn't want to be touched, Ariel's body started the normal reaction to being
fondled by secreting lubricant.  Ever so slightly Ariel's hips jerked up to meet
the invading fingers.

The scene being played out before them overrode any sympathy they might have
felt a few minutes before, lust again flamed up in the youthful members of
Leonard's gang.  They moved closer so they could watch Wanda stimulate the now
moaning girl.

"You done teach her pretty good Wanda darling ... now let her daddy have a go at
that tight box she have" Leonard announced as he pushed Wanda aside.   "Let me
get you ready for your little girl" Wanda purred sexily taking his huge hand in
hers. Wanda soaked his large black fingers with her mouth so he could push them
inside her.  Wanda proceeded to display her oral abilities on Leonard's fingers,
she was so graphic that two men shot their wad's into Edith's hands as they
watched.  Edith felt the sticky wet fluid coat her palms and started retching
again.

Leonard watched Wanda take his fingers into her waiting mouth and suck them with
an expertise born out of hours of experience.  For several minutes he savored
the feeling of her silky lips and tongue on his skin as felt his own manhood
throb in anticipation of her mouth on his cock.

Pulling his two fingers out of her mouth, allowing a thread of her saliva to
cling to her lips and his fingers, she again purred at him "now you be ready to
feel yer new bitch".  She took his hand and guided it into the now damp tunnel
between Ariel's thighs. 

He felt the tight warm hole grip his fingers, Ariel moaned out in a daze as her
tight cunt stretched to accommodate his meaty fingers.  The fact was Ariel's
boyfriend was smaller then Leonard's two fingers.  As they slide up to his
knuckles Ariel's thighs spread further apart and she grasped her ankles with her
hands and pushed her hips up to meet the slow gently intrusion into her most
intimate opening.

Wanda watched as he continued to slowly fuck the semi conscious teenager, the
contrast of his black fingers probing into the soft pink gash aroused her.  She
looked at Leonard's face, he was mesmerized by the sight, his dick twitched at
the tightness of her hole.  He almost forgot where he was, who she was, and what
he planned to do to the girl laying peacefully on he back, spread open before
him just waiting for him to take his pleasure with her. 

Ariel's body might be laying naked in her fathers factory while a gang of black
thugs planned to use her in ways she couldn't imagine, but her mind was
somewhere else, escaping the horrible experience, retreating into a fantasy of
her own making.  To her it was her boyfriend penetrating the most private part
of her body, they were in her bedroom, just as she planned before being forced
to go to dinner with her parents.  He was making love to her for the first time
in a real bed.

Wanda continued to look at Leonard's expression, she knew he was imagining the
white girl was giving herself to him of her own free will.  Wanda had
experienced being raped before, before she was the knowing whore she had become. 
She was 15 years old and her mothers boyfriend had come into her bedroom late
one night when her mother was gone.  He'd taken her by force, she too knew how
your mind found solace somewhere else while a sweaty man forced himself into
your virginal hole.  How the pain and shame of being used against ones will made
you dream of the perfect lover instead of thrusting beast between your legs.

She also knew that if she didn't break the spell holding him he might just find
compassion buried somewhere deep inside that hadn't been burnt out by years of
violence and death.  "That's right Len" she softly whispered into his ear,
"don't be hurten the bitch".

Leonard jerked his ear away from Wanda's soft lips and looked around at the
assembled men, then down at his fingers imbedded deep inside the girl who was
softly moaning and thrusting her hips in time to his moving fingers.

"Shit" Leonard bellowed out then jammed his fingers roughly into Ariel.  Ariel
winced with the uncomfortable intrusion into her tight box.  Her eyes opened and
instead of seeing the soft features of her boyfriend she saw the towering black
giant that held her family captive.

"NOOOOOOO" she screamed pulling her legs together and trying to wiggle free of
the fingers thrust deep inside her.  She was back to reality again, the terrible
pain from her whipped thighs and ass cascaded over her and she was again aware
of where she was.   The fingers that had been bringing her pleasure now hurt
her, she felt utter helplessness at being used against her will.

"Fucking bitch" Leonard yelled as he started slapping the outside of Ariel's
thighs as hard as he could.  "Fucking white bitch .....fucking stupid white
bitch" he bellowed grabbing Ariel by the hair and pulling her from the desk.

Still holding a fistful of hair he yanked Ariel back against the desk banging
her thrashed backside against the edge of it.  "Get your skanky ass up on this
desk bitch ....get up here you fucking piece of white shit" he yelled while
shaking her head like a rag doll.

Ariel shrieked in terror as much as pain, terrified by the suddenness of his
violence.  He pulled her up on the top of the desk until she was kneeling, once
again facing the contemptuous faces of the men, the sorrowful expression's of
the whore's and her parents dead expressionless gaze.  None of these frightened
her as much as the look on Wanda's face, because hers held a look of pure evil
and hatred.

She knew the men would rape and abuse her in ways she could not even imagine but
even Ariel knew there lust would be sated at some point.  She might even survive
it and be able to return home after this horrible nightmare.  The look on
Wanda's face made her blanch because she saw that this women would be cruel
beyond any sexual satisfaction that could be obtained by using her body.

"Gets up on your feet bitch ....gets up and squat down so I can show my boys
just how tight and sweet that little snatch you got be" Leonard ordered her.

She didn't think she could blush after all that had happened but she turned a
bright shade of red as Leonard forced her to squat on the top of the desk as he
finger fucked her cunt while everyone watched and cheered him on.  Despite the
demeaning way she was being used her pussy again started lubricating itself as
Leonard played with her clit and forced a second finger inside her with the
first.

Ariel was nauseated by the squishy sound his fingers made, she wasn't aroused in
the least bit now but her bodies reaction to being touched in this manner was
again producing her natural lubricants and she couldn't control it.  After
wiping the sticky discharge across her face and making her lick his fingers
clean, which was done by painfully jerking on Ariel's long lustrous hair several
times, Leonard again ordered her parade around the room so everyone could finger
her twat.  As she started the circuit she had to walk slightly bow legged since
the inside of her thighs were sore from the whipping and hurt when they rubbed
together.

"Bitch you be walken a lot more spread out then that once we be done with you"
someone called out to her which made her even more conscious of her awkward
gait, some even smacked her on her tender inner thighs and backside which made
her jump but if her hands left her head Wanda reminded her where to keep them
with a smack from the handle of the bitch whip on the back of her head. 

Wanda accompanied her as she walked around with her hands clasped tightly on top
of her head and offered up her cunt to be finger fucked and smelled by all the
highly aroused gang members.  Wanda also made her present box to the women so
they could finger her now sore hole, which further humiliated Ariel.  Several of
them also made her lick their fingers clean, Ariel choked as she did this but
the threat of returning to the chair kept her moving around and accepting
everyone's attention.  By the time she returned to face her parents and Leonard
again her thighs and the thin line of  pubic hair adorning her pubis were matted
with her bodies natural lubricant and spit along with her face that had been
smeared with it.




Chapter 5

The family had been captive for over three hours now, the sun had set and the
lights had been turned on in the warehouse.  It was a true testament of
Leonard's power over those gathered that Ariel wasn't raped by now.  The only
thing saving her was Leonard not giving his permission, one word from him and
they'd attack her without mercy like a pack of wolves.  Leonard had to tell them
to keep down some of the noise several times as Ariel made her trek around the
room.

"Damn Boss it be all juiced up so nice when we gonna git some of this".

"Smells like honey ........bitch you be one wet whore".

"This be some fine poosie ......it be real tight around my finger .....jus wait
till I get my dick in this hot wet hole".

After Ariel had endured being fingered and verbally abused she was positioned in
front of her parents, Ariel had long ago dispensed with crying, the three of
them looked despondently at each other waiting for what was going to be done to
them next.  As Ariel had already told everyone she had not sucked a cock Leonard
had decided on something special for the occasion.

"Now air head you been fucked by one little tiny white dude, I'm sure the
brothers fingers were much better then him judging by how you juiced up so
nice", the room broke into a chorus of laughter at this.   "But I been thinking
about how you need a bit more education before you gobble down any good black
meat.  So here's what you gonna do, Wanda here be one of de best snake eaters I
ever been with.  So she gonna give you a little lesson in the finer points of
how to do it", a loud cheer went up from everyone except Neil, Edith and of
course Ariel.

Ariel just stood there naked with her arms hanging at her sides, she looked
around the room at all the sweaty bodies surrounding her.  The summer heat made
the inside of the warehouse unbearably hot and muggy and many of them had
stripped off their shirts and some had on only their undershorts.  She could see
the bulges in their crotches and how they massaged them with huge grins across
their faces as they stared at her.  She even caught a sight of the whore's at
work, either on their knees sucking cocks or being fucked in different
positions.  Having never seen someone having sex before she stared at them with
unblinking eyes.

Ariel was naturally terrified of being raped but watching the thrusting men
brought home the reality of what they were actually going to do with her.  They
were going to spread her legs and shove their penis inside her, just as her
boyfriend had done.  Ariel wasn't naive, she knew what oral sex was but had been
hesitant to perform it on her boyfriend.  She watched two women kneeling and
sucking on two dicks like they enjoyed it.  One penis was thin and long, the
other was much thicker and just as long.   She watched the two women's heads as
they bobbed up and down on the two gleaming black shafts with fascination.

Ariel's mind again turned to having sex with her boyfriend, with him it had only
been the two of them, alone and they both cared for each other.  If not truly in
love at least they meant something to each other.   These men were like animals,
slamming down into the women without one ounce of human feeling or emotion. 
Ariel couldn't comprehend why someone would want to be intimate with another
person without some type of affection being felt.  Her hands moved to cover her
bare pubis as her pussy cramped thinking of being used that way.

"That's right new meat get a good look at how yous gonna make a living from now
on ..don't you be covering that little honey box you got sweet meat .....pays to
advertise you know" Wanda whispered to her.  Ariel shuddered at the sight of the
men thrusting forcefully into the bodies of the other women and her pussy
tightened up again at the thought of it being used so callously by them.

She never realized just how many different shades of black there was, some were
coal black, others medium and some were light skinned.  She saw the sweat
glisten on them then realized her body was coated with it also, small beads of
sweat were running down between her boobs and from under her arms.  She felt
dirty and the room smelled something akin to a locker room after a sporting
event.  She shut her eyes trying to wish away the scenes being played out in
front of her.

"But we don't want you damaging any of my boys baby makers ....besides you gotta
work your way up to a real prick" Leonard continued as he hefted his own well
endowed manhood whose outline was quite visible even with his pants on.  "So
what you gonna do sweet meat is give your daddy here a chance to teach his
little princess some practical sex education".

Neil had been slipping in and out of reality for some time, the pain in his
shoulders from the way he was stung up made breathing hard.  The degradation of
his daughter had made his mind start to revolt at what he had been witnessing
but Leonard's announcement brought him back to the present situation.  He wasn't
sure exactly what was going to be done but he started shaking his head violently
no as Leonard continued to talk.

"Now Wanda hon, why don't you teach new meat here just how to use her mouth on a
man.  I know she ain't got much to work with most likely but I think it's best
she learn on a training dick".  Everyone laughed with him this time, they all
understood just what he was planning.

It hadn't sunken in for Ariel yet, Neil knew what was going to happen as he
continued to voice his muffled objection through his gag.  Edith was again
occupied with another set of hands exploring her more intimate parts and hadn't
been paying attention.  Leonard had given instructions to his man in charge of
Edith that she could be touched but not stripped any further so everyone had to
settle on abusing her small tits and nipples, which ached from all the attention
they'd already received.  Her crotch had been groped by everyone but Leonard so
far, her body, like her daughter's finally betrayed her, the only difference was
Ariel hadn't been aroused.  So far Edith had cum at least 3 times since she'd
been tied up and at the mercy of anyone who wished to touch her.

Wanda yanked down Neil's pants and under shorts over his thrashing legs exposing
his flaccid penis and chubby hairy legs.  "Got damn this here is the tiniest
little pecker I ever done seen" Wanda announced as she played with it in her
fingers.  Neil's ankles were grabbed and tied up to the wood beam holding him so
he couldn't kick any more, he tried to swing away but Wanda held his now semi
erect pecker in her hand so he couldn't get away.

"Now come here new meat so momma Wanda can show you how to earn and honest
living".

Edith had been turned so she could watch, they held her head so she couldn't
turn away.  When she closed her eyes the sharp prick of a knife against her
cheek and a whispered warning to watch so she'd learn something valuable that
would come in handy very soon kept her eyes glued on her husbands now growing
penis.

At first Ariel just stared at what was taking place, then she turned to run. 
She had no idea where she'd go but she had to try and escape.  This caught
Leonard off guard and a naked and very scared girl made it to the very back of
the building before she was stopped by a locked door.  Leonard caught up with
her and grabbed a handful of her dark hair and yanked her back so hard she fell
on her well abused ass causing her to yelp in pain.  Leonard easily picked her
up from the floor and swatted her tender ass with as much force as he could. 
Ariel flailed about howling in pain as Leonard held her fast by her hair and the
room was again filled with the sound of Ariel being punished. 

"You fucking dumb cunt" he yelled as he bent her over a nearby table and landed
several more hard slaps to her butt and thighs as her legs flayed away.  Ariel
couldn't believe how much it hurt to be spanked by him.  The pain from the bitch
whip had subsided to a dull throb and with all the other things that had been
done to her she simply hadn't felt how badly they'd abused her rear end.  The
spanking brought back all the pain and then some.

Leonard dragged her back to her now naked father, the sight of his daughter
being hauled back by the black man made Neil go limp immediately.  "Damn pecker
wood can't you even keep that little thing up for Wanda" she scolded him as she
spit on her hand and continued to yank him off.  Turning to Edith she smiled and
informed the crying women "bitch if this all you been fucking all you life you
in for a rude shock pretty quick" which brought forth a flurry of laughter from
everyone.

"Shit Wanda" Greg shot back, "this here white bitch done cum a couple of times
from us rubbing her pussy, me thinks she one hot bitch" he said while shoving
his hand between Edith's tightly clenched thighs.

"No shit man let me see" Wanda said letting go of Neil's dick and crouching in
front of Edith.  "Spread her legs so I can get a smell".

Two men forced Edith's legs wide apart and only a comment from Leonard that he
didn't want her strangled reminded the men to put some slack in the rope so
Edith could breath again.  Ariel was held in Leonard's strong arms but saw the
deep red rash the rope had caused on her mother's slim neck.

After sniffing Edith's crotch Wanda announced that she'd indeed got off on what
had been done to her.  "Damn bitch got some nasty smelling pussy there, she sure
enough got real off from something.  She smelt like a whore's pussy after a
night of hard work".  Everyone found that particularly funny so they kept her
legs spread so Greg could continue to masturbate her through her panties and
panty hose as Wanda went back to her hand job on Neil.

Ariel was pushed closer to Neil's crotch as Wanda started on her lecture "Now
listen up air head we gonna be given a test at the end of this lesson.  See
first you get it wet with a bit of spit and jerk it off real gentle like this". 
Even through he didn't want to Neil could feel himself becoming aroused again.

Ariel started struggling, kicking her feet and trying to get out of the bear hug
Leonard had her in, she even managed to kick him in the legs several times. 
"Shit bitch you starting to be more trouble then you worth".  Leonard had the
two whore's grab her arms then a swift punch to the stomach sent Ariel to her
knees gasping for air.

Leonard pulled Ariel over between her father's legs, Wanda knelt down still
keeping her hand moving over his penis that she kept lubricated with her spit. 
"Now look here sweet meat you take the head in your mouth and suck like this". 
Wanda pursed her thick lips and took the head of Neil's penis in her mouth and
started sucking on him.  Wanda was good at her work and Neil's dick grew to it's
full 6" length. 

"NO..............NO ......NO .............stop it I won't do it" Ariel bellowed,
even Leonard's strong hold on her shoulders couldn't keep her from pulling away
in an attempt to crawl further from her father's exposed sex. 

"Well shit bitch you feel that way I guess we be needin to re-educate you"
Leonard announced, much to Wanda's glee.  She spit out Neil's dick, which
quickly went limp again and went to fetch her bitch whip.

It took three of his people to get Ariel under control as she kicked and bucked
like a wild animal, her long hair flying in all directions and her boobs
bouncing around in a vain attempt to get away.  "NOOOOOOOOO ........don't
.......please haven't you done enough .....you fucking animals leave me alone"
she wailed as she was pulled upright.

"Fuck this shit tie her up so we can talk some sense into this dumb shit cunt. 
She gonna find out just what kind of animal we be" Leonard announced.

It took three of them to hold the thrashing teenager, one for her arms and one
on each ankle yet she still struggled valiantly even though she was no match for
them.  They dumped her on the desk again then her wrists were bound and the rope
thrown over the rafters, she was hauled up until just the tips of her shoes
brushed the floor.  "Noooooooooo ............pleeeeeaaaassse .....someone help
me" she screamed as she continued to thrash about as they tried to hold her. 

She was so loud Leonard used a piece of Edith's ruined blouse to make a gag.  He
didn't stuff her mouth full of it as he wanted to hear her scream, but wanted to
quiet her down just a bit.  He pulled it tight between her teeth once her mouth
had been pried open wide, which was encouraged by Wanda using the pliers on her
soft nipples eliciting a gruesome sounding wail from her lips.  The gag pulled
the sides of her mouth cruelly back as it was tightly tied off behind her head. 

The ends of a rope were tied to each ankle which left 3' of slack between them. 
This kept her from kicking up her legs but allowed her feet enough room to
thrash about, with each kick the rope pulled both legs and Ariel was quickly
running out of strength.  Her shoulders hurt dreadfully from holding all her
weight but Leonard knew she'd have much more to worry about very soon.

His eyes roamed over the sweat and dirt streaked girl weakly thrashing about as
she hung by her wrists.  His cock was as hard as he'd ever been in his whole
life as he watched perspiration run down her body, her skin had a glow to it and
the dirt that smeared her body from the floor aroused him even more.  The
thrashing of her body made her long hair fly in all directions and the bouncing
of her tits with the now cheery red nipples from Wanda's abuse provided an
intoxicating sight to him.  The gag kept her noise level down to something
bearable but Leonard wasn't quite ready to let Wanda educate her just yet.

He looked around the warehouse until he found just want he wanted, a large pair
of shears used for cutting fabric.  Wanda was ready with the bitch whip but
waited for Leonard to return before she started, Wanda found her own sexual
arousal building as the young women was pawed by the assembled men.  Actually,
except for Leonard and his top two men there wasn't anyone here that was older
then 23 years old, with most of them younger then that.

They surrounded her helpless body and started groping Ariel everywhere, pushing
fingers into her now dry vagina hurting her.  Someone finally held her legs
still and pulled them out straight so one youth could spit into her cunt and
lick it as it she was held apart as much as the ankle hobble allowed.  After
that it was a frenzy of digits being shoved into her, she was screaming into the
gag and when she felt her bruised ass cheeks being pulled apart so they could
explore her untouched anus she went ape shit bucking so much she actually
managed to drive them away from her for the few minutes but she couldn't keep up
the effort.

Leonard came back and with a sharp command ordered them all back which gave
Ariel a short reprieve from being raped right then and there.  "You dumb
motherfuckers get away from her or I'll rip your dicks off" he roared.

Then he brought the chair over so he could stand on it and show Ariel what he
held in his hands.  She stopped thrashing around as he held the huge shears up
before her eyes, she didn't have any idea of what he was going to do with them
but was so scared she pissed all over the floor.  She felt the hot wet liquid
spray out of her then run down her thighs and whined pitifully at what she'd
done in front of everyone.

"Man what a stinky bitch" Wanda called out as she wiped some of the pee from
Ariel's thigh and smeared it across Edith's face.  "Here have something to
remember your daughter by" she taunted the women as she was abused by several
youths, two of which had their mouths firmly attached to her small breasts,
Edith thought they'd chew them off of her but despite that she found herself
having yet another shameful orgasm from the groping hands on her pussy.

Leonard held Ariel by the hair, his eyes held no human compassion in them only
lust for the helpless youth he now controlled.  He didn't even feel this way
when he broke in new girls, this was something more powerful.  Her look of fear,
her body smeared with dirt and sweat, the smell of her was intoxicating.  "Look
here bitch you done fucked up and now your going to pay the price ....fact is
you gonna find out just what an animal I be".  He took her hair and gathered it
together at the nap of her neck, then when he brought the sharp shears up Ariel
knew what he was going to do.

She loved her long thick hair, she had never had it cut in her life except to
have it trimmed, now he was going to hack it off.  She heard her father's
muffled screams, her mother having had her gag removed so she could drink more
of her piss laced beer, let out a full bodied scream that reverberated
throughout the warehouse.

Leonard's strong hands closed the blades just above his hand, crudely hacking
off the long dark mane.  Ariel's body stiffened as she felt the blades close
together, she clamped her eyes tightly shut as tears flowed from her eyes.  This
was worse to her then the probing fingers and leering eyes and crude comments. 
Even these hardened street thugs were silent as Leonard cut through her hair. 
As he stepped down from the chair 18" of hair that had taken 19 years to grow
dangled from his huge fist.  Neil and Edith sagged as if all the air had been
let out of them, Ariel simply hung in her bonds, not caring how badly her wrists
and shoulders hurt, her body shook with sobs of despair.

"Now you can get to her back easier" Leonard calmly announced.  He took some
thin cord and tied it around the shank of hair so he wouldn't lose it, a trophy
he intended to hang on the wall of his office.  He looked over at Wanda, her
eyes were wide with surprise, she knew now that Leonard was the cruelest person
she'd ever met, besides herself of course.

"Front and back, work down from the shoulders to the ankles until I tell you to
stop" he told Wanda, but he whispered to her not to use full force or she'd find
herself hung up just like Ariel.  Leonard lighted his cigar and sat down to
watch, "someone turn on some music so this bitch got a beat to dance to".

The next sound was the bitch whip hitting Ariel across her shoulder's leaving a
splash of red on her skin and sending searing pain through her body.  The
whipping went on for what seemed like forever to Ariel's parents, who were
forced to watch on threat of being blinded with a knife.  For Ariel it was an
eternity filled with agony, the music played and Wanda worked the whip just as
Leonard wanted.  Ariel could never have conceived of such pain nor could have
imagined that someone would be whipping her to the sounds of music playing.

Wanda took her time allowing Ariel to absorb the pain before laying the next
stroke on.  She alternated between Ariel's back and front, circling around like
a cat staking its prey.  As the punishment continued Ariel's body revolved
around in the air from her movements, as she lost her energy to thrash about she
hung limply by her slim wrists slowly turning so Wanda could stand still and
work her evil on both sides of her body.  From her shoulder blades to her ankles
the whip left its glowing mark, on her front from the collar bone to her ankles
the intricate pattern of strips left was much the same.  The thud of the rubber
hitting her each time caused Ariel to jerk and a mournful moan to escape from
her throat.

When Wanda reached the untanned pubic area the white skin was turned crimson and
as the whip hit across her pubic mound it left a red trail directly across the
thin line of pubic hair.  Ariel's ass and thighs had already been punished so it
didn't take much of a stroke to inflict unbearable pain on the unfortunate
victim.  Wanda was careful to work over the entire body, special care was used
to make sure even the sides were treated to a taste of rubber.  The smoothly
shaven white arm pits were slashed until they were ruby colored, those strokes
elicited the loudest screams which was accompanied by hoots and foot stomping by
everyone.

For all her desire to inflict pain on the helpless body of this girl Wanda kept
herself in check, being as careful as possible so the bruising would be minimal. 
She'd used the rubber whip hundreds if not thousands of times to discipline
girls.  Some pimps like to beat up their women, others only do it when they have
to.  Wanda found personal pleasure in inflicting pain on the prostitutes that
worked for her, the sex with Leonard or who ever else was available after she'd
finished with a girl's punishment was always the best, it actually was the only
times she was able to achieve an orgasm unless she was with a women.

She knew Leonard was going to fuck Ariel and hoped he wanted to fuck her when he
was finished, if not she knew several others that would oblige her but her true
desire was to have this girl all to herself.  Leonard wasn't possessive about
Wanda's body, only that she was loyal to him regarding work issues.  On the
other hand Wanda would have loved to have Leonard to herself, but she knew that
was a wasted dream.  It wasn't that she had been a whore since she was 15 that
stopped him, at 23 Wanda was very attractive, Leonard just wasn't interested in
anything permanent.

Wanda was careful not to hit directly between Ariel's legs, not out of
compassion but because she knew Leonard wanted her fuckable when she was done. 
A brutal beating on a women's vagina would leave it swollen shut so badly that
no matter how hard a man tried he couldn't get his dick inside comfortably.  The
flexible length of hose could easily reach in between Ariel's twitching legs to
find her cunt but Wanda avoided that even though she was able to place several
shots on the inside of the girl's already abused thighs.  If Leonard kept her
for the stable Wanda would find an excuse to introduce her cunt to the whip,
even if it put her out of service for a few days.

Wanda knew her trade and she beat Ariel with skill born of many years
experience.  This didn't make it any less painful for the 19 year old, Ariel
danced just as Leonard wanted.  Wanda kept her dancing until she herself had to
strip out of her skimpy dress when it became soaked with her own sweat leaving
her with just her thong panties and heels on.  Her slim black body shimmered in
the dim light as her arm rose and fell at unpredictable intervals so Ariel was
never sure when or where the next blow would land.  The fact was most of the
males there had never seen Wanda's body before and there eyes followed her
bouncing tits as she complied with Leonard's wishes.

Ariel's legs jerked in cadence to the whip, her well shaped tits bounced with
every stoke and even with the gag Ariel's screams could be heard, but as the
whip made its way down her body the sounds coming from her drooling mouth became
grunts.  Everyone was standing around in a semi-circle cheering and making lewd
comments, but they made sure Neil and Edith had a clear view of what was being
done to their daughter.

When the whip struck her tits Ariel's head flew back as her body arched in mid
air and she  again found the strength to kick her legs and voice to scream out. 
Sweat poured down her body as her skin was turned red from the cruel weapon, as
the rivulets of sweat ran down they streaked the dirt coating her skin leaving a
strange pattern in there wake.  What Leonard was watching most of the time
wasn't her body, though he enjoyed seeing it punished.  What kept his attention
was the way Ariel's short hair bobbed around, he had hacked it off straight
across just at shoulder height.  No matter what happened to Ariel she'd remember
what he had done to her, the memory would be visible every time she looked in
the mirror and saw her short cropped hair.

Finally Leonard called a halt to the whipping, Wanda staggered over to a chair
and sat down, her large breasts heaving from her labored breathing.  She had
someone get her water from the cooler so she could quench her thirst, then had
them pour a large bottle of it over her to cool her off.  She used Ariel's skirt
and top to dry herself as she recovered from her exhausting work.

Leonard left Ariel hanging by her wrists for another 10 minutes or so, watching
her body turn one way then the other.  Her chest seemed to barely move from her
breathing, he could see that her eyes were closed but she wasn't unconscious as
she was softly moaning "I'll do it ......I'll do it" as her body twisted in the
air.

Finally Leonard had his two main men cut her down and remove the ropes from her
wrists and ankles.  Her skin was rubbed raw from the rope and she lay moaning on
the ground indifferent to the fact her legs were splayed apart exposing her
tight slit to everybody's view.  He had her doused with two of the big bottles
of water used by the office coolers.

It brought Ariel around with a start, even if the water wasn't cold her skin was
hot and she was shocked awake by the drenching.  She tried to get up, the grimy
floor was slippery and she didn't have the strength to do it, her hands slipped
and she slumped back down letting herself lay face down in the gummy mixture of
water and dirt.  Wanda had the Russian whore give her water to drink, Ariel
finally was revived enough to really feel how much she hurt.  It wasn't only the
whipping, although her entire body felt like a big rug burn, her shoulders hurt
from holding her weight and her wrists had rope burns on them.

Ariel looked at the girl giving her the water, the Russian was naked now and
kneeling the way she was next to her Ariel could see right between her legs. 
The girls pale skin was blotched from hands touching her and her cunt was an
open hole that dripped white fluid onto the floor.  She looked up into the
Russian's eyes and saw the deadness of them.  Ariel closed her eyes trying to
get that look from her mind, she knew she was going to be raped, there was
nothing she could do about it and only hoped they'd do it now and get it over
with.  She prayed silently that she wouldn't end up with that same dead look in
her eyes.

"Get your ass over here bitch, you ain't done with your lessons for the day"
Leonard ordered.

Ariel started to get up but Leonard ordered her to crawl over between her
fathers legs for her lesson.  She passed her hand through her hair so it wasn't
in her eyes, but instead of the long soft mane she had always had to run her
fingers through all that was left was the short bob Leonard had left her with. 
Ariel covered her face with her hands and let a miserable sob escape her raw
throat, she didn't care that she was now soiled from the mixture of water and
dirt.  She lost her will to resist and crawled over to where Leonard was, the
rough floor scraping her knees and hands, the echo of "come on bitch let's see
you suck your daddies little white dick" echoed in her ears.

Again Wanda knelt next to the bedraggled girl and so she could start on her
first lesson in the art of sucking cock.  "Now new meat you juz take this little
old thing between your lips and suck like it be a popsicle your daddy done
bought you at the fair, then you use that little tongue of yours to lick it like
a postage stamp".

Ariel stared at her fathers limp dick as Wanda demonstrated what to do.  She
sucked it noisily as Ariel knelt just inches from it watching with both
fascination and dread. She was disgusted with what they wanted her to do,
humiliated that not only was she doing it with a bunch of animals watching her
but it was her father she had to do it to.  Again she wished they'd finally just
rape and kill her so it would be over with.

She heard a mournful sound and when she looked she saw her mother, having been
released from the noose and her arms cut free from the rope binding them she was
now on her knees sucking the blackest cock that must exist on the earth.  Not
only that but it belonged to the fattest ugliest man Ariel had ever seen.  Her
mother was kneeling between his fat thighs while he fed it into her mouth, his
stomach hung down so much Edith had to hold a huge piece of fat up so she could
get to his cock.  After all that had been done Ariel didn't think she could be
sickened by anything but she again felt the urge to puke up.  Her attention was
brought back to Wanda by a slap across the back of her head by Leonard.

Leonard told the kneeling girl "You be learning from Wanda here, your old momma
there she be getting her lessons from Ernie" 

"Now honey child you get your sweet little mouth over here and do it so Wanda
can watch how much air head done learned" Wanda ordered her.

Ariel reached up with her hand to take hold of her fathers penis and realized
just how dirty she had gotten.  There was a dark collection of grim under her
finger nails and her hands were coated with filth, her mind tried to escape from
her horror by thinking about when she could go to the beauty parlor to have them
redone.  Her escape from reality only lasted seconds as Wanda slapped the back
of her head with the handle of the bitch whip, "you git that mouth you got
workin on daddy or I string you up and pussy whip you bitch".

Ariel leaned forward and took her father's limp dick that was covered with
Wanda's spit and started sucking on the head of it softly.  Everyone had crowded
around her closely so they could see her forced to service her father.  Even
Edith had been given a respite from sucking Ernie's cock so she could watch her
daughters first blow job.  Ariel didn't think she had any tears left but when
she heard Leonard talking to her mother they started rolling down her cheeks
again.

"You watch now momma and see jus how good air head can suck dick, I knows its
not a nice black one like you done had but she get there pretty quick" he told
her as Ariel took the entire length of the limp penis into her mouth.  As she
sucked Wanda couched her on the finer points of providing oral service to a man.

"That's right honey child get it all the way in, now reach up and just tickle
his little balls ...now you slide your hand along it so's he keeps hard .....now
lick the balls honey child ...oh yea new meat you doin jus fine .....you be one
of my prize little whore's come this time tomorrow".

As Wanda talked her through it Ariel licked, sucked and masturbated her father
while everyone kept a real close watch on her progress.  The stench of so many
people crowded around her made her nauseous.  The oppressive heat inside the
building made everyone sweat even if they were standing still but with all the
screwing that had been going on everyone was drenched with it.  Wanda was up
close to her and Ariel's noise was filled with the stink from her body.  What
Ariel didn't realize was that she smelled just as bad as Wanda did.

Neil's dick would get semi hard then go soft as he tried to overcome the
wonderful feel of his daughters warm mouth.  He felt sick at becoming aroused
and when several comments were made about it his dick went limp immediately.

"He be in heaven with his kid sucking that small dick of his" someone commented.

"Hey man we all be in heaven pretty quick" another commented.  This made Ariel's
stomach knot up with the thought of being forced to do this to them.

As her mouth became full of saliva it started to drool out but Wanda wouldn't
allow her to wipe it away so it dripped from the corners of her mouth.  "Hey she
find it mouth watering good ...wait till she get a real dick in her mouth"
someone shouted out.

The sucking sounds produced by her sickened her and Edith started pleading with
them to stop it, the sound of her being slapped brought Ariel's head up from her
work which only gave Wanda an excuse to grab what was left of her hair and slap
her across the face.

"You keep dat mouth working girl or I make you dance again" she was warned. 
Once again Ariel went back to sucking the limp member, then sucking and licking
her fathers hairy balls as Wanda made her "do the circuit" as she called it.

Wanda stood up suddenly "listen all you bitch's here watch how Wanda make this
old fart get a hard on .....this trick work real good on old motherfuckers that
can't get it up no more".  Wanda spit on two of her fingers then had someone
pull Neil's ass cheeks apart.  He started to buck his hips which shoved his dick
deeper into Ariel's mouth, "look it he fucken her back ...man he fucken his own
girls face" someone called out.

Wanda plunged her two wet digits into Neil's rectum causing him to grunt at the
unwelcome intrusion, she instructed her girls "now you shove your fingers up his
butt like this ...then wiggle your fingers around .....make sure you got them in
deep" as she shoved harder and started moving her fingers Neil groaned but it
wasn't from the pain this time, he found her exploring fingers felt good and his
dick started to respond to it.

"Hey Wanda you get him opened up for us real good you hear" someone shouted.

"You bet I do but it don't have to be open to much for your pencil dick" she
joked back.  "Now you feel this little hard thing up there and push against it
with your fingers and he get hard no matter what.  Now each you sluts come here
and do it" Wanda ordered them.

Each girl in turn spit on her two fingers and pushed them up inside Neil's now
relaxed butt hole.  It felt good, he couldn't believe what they were doing to
him but his dick got hard as it ever would.  Ariel continued to suck her
father's now fully encouraged penis sucking the sensitive head and rubbing her
tongue around it while her hand jacked off the now slimy member.

Neil didn't even realize it but suddenly he felt his balls tighten and he shot a
spurt of cum directly into Ariel's mouth.  It caught her by surprise and when
she pulled back his second spurt found her nose and lips.  Ariel wiped the
offensive liquid from her lips and leaned over and spit the rest out onto the
floor then continued to heave up what little there was in her stomach.  She
stayed bent over on her knees holding her stomach and dry retching for several
minutes listening to the room erupt in lewd comments.

"Shit she got the old fucker off".

"Shit Wanda you goin to have ta teach the bitch how to swallow ....I be ready to
help you with dat little chore".

"Hey bitch you spit my dump out I slap you upside the head".

Ariel kept hunched over not wanting to look up at the leering faces as they kept
yelling remarks at her.  She continued to wipe at what was sprayed on her face
as her body shuddered in absolute disgrace at what she'd done, even though she
was forced to perform the act she felt degraded beyond all redemption.

Neil was now the object of most of the comments and his body shook with shame
and anger at the same time.  Edith looked at her daughter, then to her husband,
"you filthy bastard .....you pervert ........how could you do that ....  Her
tirade was cut short as one young man could no longer wait and shoved his long
thin dick into her mouth.  First to shut her up and second so he didn't waste
his cum on the floor, within 10 seconds of having Edith's warm mouth around his
cock he emptied his load.  Edith gagged on his prick and when he spit his large
load of cream into her mouth it leaked out and came out of her nose as she
coughed it up.  He pulled his limp cock out just long enough to slap her face
several times warning her to start sucking and stop talking, then she was forced
to begin pleasuring him again.

Leonard leaned down and pulled Ariel to a sitting position telling her to watch
her mothers technique.  She sat on her hunches watching her mother suck the
black rod until it became hard again.  The young man stepped back with his cock
bobbing up and down dripping with her mothers spittle.  Edith's head was pulled
to the other side as another man dropped his drawers displaying a magnificent
hard on that was at least 9" long and 3" in diameter.

"Come to me momma" he called out but Leonard's command to hold up stopped him
before he could get Edith's mouth around it.

"Hey man this is shit I want some pussy" shouted the boy without realizing just
who he was raising his voice to.

Leonard let lose of Ariel's hair and with the ease of a prize fighter smashed
the foolish youth in the face breaking his nose and spraying blood around those
standing next to him.  His body smashed into someone standing behind him and
they both went down onto the floor with a dull thud.  The room went silent as
everyone stood there waiting for what Leonard would do next.

Ariel stared wide eyed at the violence that had erupted so suddenly.  Edith
simply slumped back onto her hunches and rested her head against someone's leg
and looked glassy eyed at the body laying on the floor as cum dribbled out of
her slack mouth.  Neil hung limply on his wooden cross to despondent to even
react.

Leonard simple stood there and glared around the room daring someone to say or
do anything.  No one said a word, those that had been sexually aroused were now
as scared as the three helpless captives at what might happen next.

After an appropriate amount of silence Leonard finally spoke, "you listen here
you niggers there ain't nothing goin down unless I say so ....anyone got a
problem with that".   No one voiced an objection, Leonard then gave a gruff
laugh.  "Put that boy over to the side, ifin he come to for we done he can have
some puntang, if not he jus out of luck.  Now Wanda honey you come here cause I
think little air head needs a bit more training for I gets me some".

The tension in the room evaporated and once again everyone was talking and
laughing.  Leonard ordered Neil let down and his arms untied from the wooden
beam so he was sitting on the floor with his pants still around his ankles.  He
had Edith pulled to her feet and went over to her giving her several light bitch
slaps across her face.

Taking hold of Edith's hair he told her "Listen up here momma we got's some more
things to do here for we let you learn more about sucking and fuckin so pay
attention".  Leonard was shaking her head from side to side as he spoke.  Edith
started to at least regain some of her senses and mumbled "please no more" which
just got her a harder bitch slap.

Wanda was standing next to Ariel's kneeling form waiting to hear what Leonard
wanted from her.  She had grabbed Ariel by the hair forcing her to sit upright
again, Ariel looked over to her father sitting on the floor and wanted to be
held in his arms like when she was a little girl.  Her whole body ached from the
abuse she'd suffered so far and as she looked down at her body, she sighed
loudly as she saw the numerous red lines left by the whip and how grim covered
she was.

Leonard let go of Edith's hair, her head fell forward onto her chest.  Then he
reached down grabbing the waist band of Edith's skirt and ripped it off and
tossed it aside.  This brought Edith's head up and she looked fearfully into his
eyes.  Leonard simply smiled at her as he rubbed his hands between her legs
feeling the moisture there.  "She still be wet boys don't worry pussy don't go
bad".

Edith moaned out "god have mercy ............please .....".

"Fuck that shit momma" Leonard answered back then took out his switch blade
knife and snapped the blade open.  Edith's eyes widened in terror as she looked
at the long wicked blade not knowing what was coming next.

Leonard looked over to Wanda and smiled, "Wanda honey don't our girls need to
know all about sex stuff" he asked.

Wanda didn't understand what he meant, "well they should Leonard honey what you
want old Wanda to teach these two new bitch's now".

"I be thinkin that since daddy dear got his nut that momma here be feelin left
out so to speak so I was wonderin if you still be available for a bit of
teaching.  Any how I think the boys here would like a little something different
while they relax" Leonard answered her.

Wanda's face beamed with delight when she realized what he wanted.  "Sure nuff
boss man I think that a good idea".

Leonard had Edith jerked up so she was standing then reached out and pulled
Edith's panty hose and panties to her knees in one swift motion, then grabbing
the crotch he sliced thru them with his knife.  Edith pulled her legs together
trying to cover her hairy pubic region.  The dark thick pubic hair covered up
all of her crotch and ran down between her legs all the way to her asshole. 
Edith started to struggle to pull away from the men holding her while trying to
keep a leg up for at least a bit of modesty.

"Woeeee that one hairy bush you got there bitch don't think we can find where to
put it with all that nasty hair covering that fuck hole you got.  No matter your
pussy stink so bad girl, you should shave that thing a bit so it can air out"
Wanda shouted out.  "Hey you boys come see this sight ...it's a wonderment to
behold ...it ain't no bush it's a damn forest".

Everyone crowded around to get a good look at Edith's bush as her legs were
pulled roughly apart by two of Wanda's girls.  They pulled down the remnants of
her panty hose down around her ankles so she was now naked except for her shoes. 
After everyone had a good look and feel at Edith's pussy Ariel and Neil were
pulled up next to her so Wanda could teach her what Leonard wanted.

Wanda knelt down next to Ariel who was now kneeling directly in front of her
mother's spread out legs.  With a firm grip on her hair Wanda informed the
defeated girl what her next session in sex education was going to include.

"Now you listen here new meat ...I don't have time to chase you around and whip
ya so you just do as Wanda say or I gonna shave yer head bald as a babies butt
then whip that slit twixt your legs till it bleeds .....you understand me bitch"

Ariel just stared at her mothers crotch without saying a word.  Wanda bitch
slapped Ariel's face until the terrified teenager answered her, "yes mamma Wanda
air head understands".

"Good think now I gonna show you how you eat some hair pie darlin so jus pay
attention cause this here is one big piece of hair" Wanda said laughing.

"No...........NO ........." Edith screamed as they pulled her legs wider apart
so Ariel could get her first taste of pussy, if Wanda had any thing to do about
it she'd be tasting her as her next meal.  Edith continued to struggle but it
just added to everyone's excitement so the let her go on.  Neil was held so he
could watch his wife and daughter get better acquainted.

Wanda spread Edith's thick lips apart and pulled Ariel up so her nose was
touching the hairy opening.  It was a bit red from all the handling of it and
Ariel smelled the heavy odor of female secretions her mother had produced.  With
instructions from Wanda and everyone pushing close to see Ariel used her tongue
and fingers on her mother.

She licked at her clit and sucked on it, then ran her tongue down over the slit
then up inside of her as far as she could.  Ariel was repulsed by the act as
well as the smell but kept at it given what Wanda had threatened to do to her if
she caused trouble.  Edith started to respond to her daughters darting tongue
and probing fingers after about ten minutes.  She started moaning and pumping
her hips as Ariel pushed one, then two, then three fingers into her wet hole.

Ariel felt her mother's pussy start to contract around her fingers and knew her
orgasm was coming so she fucked her fingers faster into her and licked harder so
she'd cum harder.  Ariel remembered what her mother had shouted at her father
when he got off in her mouth, for a moment Ariel wanted to humiliate her mother
as much as she could.  When she took her face and fingers away from her mother's
quacking body they were covered with her juices.

Everyone kept quite so they could hear the wet sticky sound of Ariel's fingers
fucking Edith's hole.  Ariel worked on her clit with her tongue and other hand
until Edith was bucking madly then with a enormous groan Edith's hips pushed
towards Ariel so her three fingers were buried up to the top knuckles of her
hand as she had her climax.  Her juices oozed out of her and Ariel was made to
lap them all up.

"Now girl you go on and lick all that nice stuff off you hands and around your
momma's pussy hole you here me" Wanda warned her in a stern voice.

Ariel licked around her opening first then cleaned her fingers with her mouth
trying not to gag to much on the taste.  When she had finished this gross task
she looked over to her father slumped on the floor and gave him a weak smile. 
Her father had the same look in his eyes as the Russian girl did, Ariel felt a
tear run down her cheek.




Chapter 6

"Well  it done look like air head here been trained in the basics so I think she
be ready for some real work" Leonard announced as Ariel knelt at his feet, the
smell of her own mothers pussy still fresh in her noise and the taste fouling
her mouth.

The gathered men cheered loudly when Leonard made the announcement, so far it
had been entertaining but they all wanted a piece of white pussy, especially
Ariel's.  Edith and Ariel shuddered knowing that it was finally going to happen,
they knew it had to but had hoped somehow they'd be saved.  Neil just slumped on
the floor knowing he couldn't stop what was about to happen to the people he
cared about most on this earth.

"Get these two bitches over here now so we can see jus how good Wanda done
taught them" Leonard ordered.

Edith and Ariel were hauled over to the center of the room then placed on their
knees facing Leonard, Edith still had the remnants of her hose and panties
around her ankles, both still had on their shoes. 

"Bring my friend Neil over here so he can be part of this" Leonard told one of
his men.  Neil was dragged over so he too was kneeling with his wife and
daughter.  "Now seein these two have more practical experience you jus watch for
a bit till you get the hang of it old man" Leonard told Neil.

Leonard moved in front of the beaten teenager, opening his zipper he took out
his hard black cock then told her "now new meat you take my dick and show Pimp
Daddy what Wanda done taught you".

Ariel looked at the huge black piece of meat jutting out and her eyes became
wide.  She could hardly get her hand around it let alone get the entire 10" of
thick manhood into her mouth.  She reached up tentatively and held it gently in
her fingers, then poking out her pink tongue started licking around the massive
head of his prick.  A wild shout went up as she started licking Leonard, her
addled brain tried to remember what Wanda had taught her about sucking cock.

"Go on girl lick it like a popsicle now jus like I done taught you" Wanda
encouraged her.  "Now we don't want Edith here to feel left out do we Boss man"
she asked as she held a handful of Edith's hair in her hand.

Leonard was watching the crouching girl licking his shaft just as Wanda taught
her to, her pink tongue ran along the underside, then she pulled his cock down
and used her tongue to stroke the upper part, drooling saliva onto his organ
until it was glistened with her spit.  She took the head of  his cock into her
mouth again as her hand slowly pumped his now slick shaft, she used her tongue
across the sensitive head just as she'd been taught.  The sight of this white
girl kneeling in front of him, with her parents watching almost made him cum,
but he was able to hold back.  He stared down at Ariel as she sucked the first
3" of his meat into her mouth, the soft suction felt good as her hand pumped his
shaft slowly.

Leonard agreed with Wanda, "Yea get the bitch working so's we not here all
night", not taking his eyes off how his meat slide into Ariel's mouth.  Ariel
had to open her mouth so wide her jaw creaked, her lips were drawn tight around
his shaft and she barely got the crown of his cock into her mouth.  Leonard
enjoyed watching the kneeling girl service him, with practice she'd be able to
service him as good as any of the girls, except Wanda of course.

Leonard's second in command simply grabbed Edith's hair and pushed his large
hard cock inside her mouth.  At first all she did was let her jaw hang open but
several hard slaps to her now bruised and puffy face had her working at a good
clip to service him properly.  She too licked his rod until it shined, then ran
her tongue over the head as her hand slid back and forth along its length.  He
enjoyed watching her red painted lips part and take the head into her mouth as
her small white hand glided along the 10" length of black flesh.

Everyone watched as the two cocks were serviced, both women started slobbering
all over them as they continued to suck and lick the hard shafts.  Wanda
provided on the job training for them with personal instruction.  "Edith you old
bitch lick the man's balls, see how air head here be sucking on The Boss's nut
..... go on now women put some life into it".  With that said Wanda slashed
Edith's fair skinned back with the bitch whip as hard as she could leaving a
vivid red welt across her shoulders.  Edith's cry of pain was muted by having
the number two man in the organization shove as much of his cock as he could
into her throat gagging her.

"Damn don't kill the bitch we ain't had our chance yet" someone called out from
the back of the line that had formed.

Edith followed Wanda's instructions and licked his hairy ball sack as she used
two hands on his cock.  Edith felt sick with the smell as her nose touched just
the small space between his legs as she maneuvered her head so she could suck on
his testicle, he tasted of sweat and the foulness of his ass filled her nose. 
After bathing his balls she went back to sucking his cock, taking as much of it
in her mouth as she could.

Ariel had completed the "circuit", having licked Leonard's ball sack until it
glistened, then sucked each testicle carefully.  Finally she licked all around
his crotch with her tongue trying not to get to many of his short stiff pubic
hairs into her mouth as she used her hands to pump the hard piece of flesh. 
Once finished she again took the head into her mouth and sucked on it, knowing
that this weapon was going to be put inside her very soon.  Her jaw and tongue
already were tired but she continued her work as Wanda kept up her discourse on
the proper way to suck a cock.

Leonard finally pulled his cock out of Ariel's mouth and saw her drool thick
strands of saliva out of it, she didn't even look up as the number two man
stepped over to take his place, Ariel simply reached up and started pumping the
thick rod and kissing and licking his hairy balls feeling disgusted at having to
taste her own mother's spit that still covered it.

Edith's open mouth was quickly filled by the next man in Leonard's hierarchy. 
Again she started lavishing his cock with attention.  Wanda, ever vigilant, used
her whip against Edith's back when ever she felt a full effort was not being put
forth.

Leonard spoke to Wanda briefly and she sent the now unoccupied whore's down the
line to service those waiting since they were beginning to get restless while
waiting their turns.  "Hey man I ain't been here all day to get head from a
whore I can git anytime I want" one angry youth yelled out.

Leonard's second in command having finished with Ariel simply walked toward him,
the youth called out to a pudgy 22 year old Argentine women that had been bought
by Leonard two months ago for $1,000.  "Hey bitch get you fat ass over here so's
I can get me some", he smiled sheepishly at the powerfully built man then
dropped his pants so he could feed his skinny dick into her waiting mouth.

Ariel's jaw was getting sore and tired from providing blow jobs to all comers,
her knees hurt from the concert floor and her mouth was becoming dry.  Her lower
legs were falling asleep but she did her best to take each cock into her mouth
as eagerly as she could so Wanda wouldn't use the whip on her again.  When
either she or Edith seemed to slack off Wanda would slash them across their
backs, and she didn't hold back as she had before, each unannounced lash left a
blaze of pain that never fully went away.  Ariel's already abraded skin was now
crisscrossed with darker red lines left by the whip and the red hue had returned
to the skin of her back.

Edith's once white back was solid red along with her the upper slopes of her
butt and the sides of her thighs.  Wanda took particular pleasure in whipping
the older women,  every time she'd slash her with the whip she'd taunt her "well
what you think about niggers now white bitch".

Both women had now received several loads of cum, it dripped out of their mouths
leaving small trails along their chins from where it dripped onto their upper
chest and knees, each women had a glaze of scum around their lips like a milk
commercial.  Periodically each of them would double over and retch out a large
knot of white sperm, Wanda was even gracious enough to give them some tepid beer
to clear their throats of the sticky mess.

As one skinny youth that had been near the center of the line when it started
finished up shooting his load into Edith's face he asked "she still be the
toilet".  Wanda grinned wickedly and nodded her head yes.  He then proceeded to
rinse off his discharge with a stream of dark acidic piss drenching Edith and
splashing some of the foul liquid onto Ariel.

"Now let's not be forgetten this here one, he be have in just as wet and warm a
mouth as these two" Wanda announced.

Ariel was revolted by the loathsome fat Ernie when he stepped up to sample her
tired mouth.  His fat stomach hung down hiding his cock that dripped her
mother's spit.  His cock was small, no more then 5" so it did provide relief for
her sore jaw muscles, of course she could take the entire thing inside her mouth
until the head of it touched the back of her throat causing her to gag.  He
wasn't satisfied with the normal "circuit", he made her lick his fat stomach and
rim his dirty belly button until it was clean.  She almost refused to lick
between the folds of fat but the sting of the whip cutting into her side made
her hold the two slabs of fat apart and lick the salty sweat up with her tongue.

"That right bitch you lick old Ernie real good now .... I be havin lots of
places you be using that pretty tongue on" the fat monster told Ariel as she
licked his loose flesh.

Neil looked up with surprise and dread as Ernie walked over to him, he expected
his wife and daughter to be raped but had never imagined they'd want him also. 
"Open up cracker I done learned to like it in the joint".  Ariel stole a glance
over to her father as he was forced to suck the short black dick of the foul
smelling beast, just as she'd been forced to only minutes before.

It seemed to go on forever but finally everyone had been given at least a short
blow job by both women, and several had tested Neil's ability to give oral
satisfaction even commenting "hey this dude be a right good cock sucker, maybe
he done found himself another occupation".

Leonard had been sitting smoking his cigar watching the three whites being used
with growing anticipation of fucking Ariel.  He had learned from experience that
a gang fuck had to be controlled.  The first time he'd had a girl he bought
broken in Wanda had just been another working girl he had picked up and wasn't
involved in the process.

He thought about the stocky young Latin girl as he watched.  She hadn't been
more then 18 or 19 years old, she wasn't very pretty but had long black waist
length hair that shone in the light, at least it did when he bought her.  He'd
stripped her naked and raped her within hours of her coming to the United
States, she had light brown skin and well proportioned tits with a plump ass and
her cunt had been tight when he started. 

He raped her then gave her to several of his people who proceeded to use her for
the next several hours.  By the time the third man was fucking her she'd stopped
screaming and simply whimpered softly as she was sodomized.  Leonard thought she
was tamed but when he went to use her the next day she tried to stab him with
his own knife.  He strung her up by the ankles and used his belt to beat her,
including her pussy, until she no longer made any noise.

The next day she was black and blue everywhere except the soles of her feet.  He
then shaved her head and threw her into a room and let anyone that wanted to
have her with no supervision.  When he returned that night she was bleeding from
her pussy and ass, Wanda was trying to staunch the flow of blood and exploded in
anger at him.  She'd called him the foulest names he'd ever heard, at first he
was going to kick the shit out of her but then he listened to what she was
saying.

She told him that if he wanted to spend good money just so he could kill them it
was his business, but if he wanted to turn them into profitable whore's then he
better learn the business.  He got the girl medical attention and took Wanda to
dinner.  After they finished eating he'd promoted her to training the new girls
then finally to running that side of the business.  Wanda knew how to get a
girls attention without causing to much damage to them.  She'd taught him that a
gang bang had to be controlled or the women would be torn up inside so she
wasn't good for anything or even died.  Wanda was a smart women, she even made
the girl into a profitable little whore for him, though it took six months for
her to physically heal up.

Edith and Ariel had collapsed onto the floor from exhaustion, their faces and
hair matted with droplets of  cum.  Leonard had allowed several to piss on Ariel
but she was now broken enough to just kneel and allow them relieve themselves
without protest.  She felt the warm piss splash against her face and run down
her chest to coat her pubic area and thighs, she didn't even move to wipe it
off, just letting it drip down her body.  As for Neil he was awake but just lay
on his face with cum leaking out of his slack mouth.

Snubbing out his cigar Leonard rose "OK you dumb motherfuckers that's enough
fun, Wanda get your bitches to clean up these three so's I can finish what been
started".

Wanda had all three taken to the bathroom where she hosed them off bringing them
around to the land of the living again.  Wanda looked over the three of them,
only hours ago the two women had been uppity rich bitch's that wouldn't have
given her the time of day, now they were just a couple of new whore's that still
had a hard fucking ahead of them.  As for Neil she wasn't sure what would become
of him, and she didn't care.

With just a little prodding she had Edith and Ariel put on makeup and comb their
hair.  Except for the glazed look on their faces and the bruises they didn't
look half bad.  Edith actually looked the worst, she had two black eyes and her
face was swollen up from being slapped around.   Her back was crisscrossed with
bright red lines and she had some nasty bruises on her thighs and a painful rope
burn around her neck.

Ariel had a discolored right eye and her lips were swollen from having cocks
pumped into her mouth.  Even though she'd been whipped the most the redness had
faded but she also had dark red lines crisscrossing her body but that would fade
in a day or two.  The inside of her thighs were the only part that would take at
least a week to heal.  She had a large red welt on the inside of her thigh where
Wanda had hit her the hardest and where Leonard's big hands had struck her she
was showing signs of bruising.  Her wrists were raw from the rope but what
really made her break down was when she started to fix her hair.  She broke down
in tears when she looked at herself in the dirty cracked mirror, it was her
first look at the haircut Leonard had given her.




Chapter 7

The three were herded out again, Edith had been allowed to take off what
remained of her panty hose but both had been made to put their shoes back on. 
Neil simply shuffled along not seeing or caring what was going to happen. 
Neither woman even tried to cover there nudity when they returned even when the
whistling and comments were shouted at them.  Both Edith and Ariel could still
smell the stink of urine on their bodies that had drenched them earlier.

"Hey dem bitches look real good .........just like new".

"Shit man I be wantin to fuck dem pussies all day .......".

"Get over here young bitch" Leonard ordered Ariel.  She gave a saddened look to
her parents then moved towards him.  He slapped her lightly across the face "I
done told you don't be lookin at them no more ....they be nothin to you bitch
.....you look to me or your momma Wanda ifin you know what's good for you.  Now
get your ass up on the table for I hang you up for another lesson".

Ariel climbed up onto one of the large cutting table located throughout the
building.  She didn't even try to conceal her charms as she laid gently down on
her sore back. She simply let her legs hang off the end and stared vacantly at
the ceiling.

Leonard slapped her tit to get her attention "now listen up bitch cause we ain't
got forever to get done.  Take this here pussy grease" he said tossing her a
large tube of KY jelly, "get some shoved up into that tight slit you been walkin
around with your whole life so's Pimp Daddy can try out his new daughter without
damaging the money box". 

"That's right Boss she gonna need the whole tube so you snake fit up that tight
snatch"

"Shit man da bitch gonna scream no matter what she use since notin that big been
there before"

Ariel started at the tube laying on her stomach trying to get her dazed brain to
function.

Wanda came over and took off the top, impatient now to get this over with. 
"Momma Wanda help her little child get ready to take the man up her baby hole". 
Wanda grabbed Ariel's ankles and pushed them up until they rested next to her
ass.  "Grab them honey so's I can get you ready".

"Wait up Wanda for you smear that shit on her ....seems like air head here done
showed her talents to Neil and Edith that was kind enough to bring her here
.....seems to me they should return the favor" Leonard called out.

Wanda wanted to get done with this so she could get some herself but she wasn't
going to argue with Leonard.  "Sure nuff Boss man let's get Neil there to start
off with" Wanda replied trying to sound happy about having to wait.

Neil was brought over to Ariel who was still holding her ankles pulled back so
she was fully open. He didn't offer any resistance to being bent over his own
daughters exposed pussy, even in his current mental condition Neil could
recognize the signs that his daughters once tight slit had been fondled.  The
outer lips were puffed up and a darker red then when he first saw her pussy only
hours ago, the pink delicate inner lips were now slightly distended outside the
outer ones.  

Leonard grabbed the back of Neil's neck and shoved his face close to his
daughter's pussy.  "Now you lookit that motherfucker ....you look and tell me
what you see".  Leonard couldn't help himself from inflicting more damage on the
already broken man.

Neil started crying again, he couldn't answer Leonard's question, all he could
do was stare at his daughter's pussy.

"Man what you see is a 19 year old once fucked pussy ....that what you see
....see how nice and tight it be .....see how dem lips be all sweet and closed
up like they hiden something special" he taunted the distraught man.

"Answer me motherfucker" Leonard demanded slapping him on the side of the head.

"yes .....yes I see" mumbled Neil.

Ariel had now started crying again, she looked between her outstretched knees at
her father and hoped they would kill him, and her.  Her chest heaved with heavy
sobs at this latest outrage, "god please just do it ......DO IT ...don't torture
us any more" she lamented not caring if they beat her again.

"Shit fuck man she really wants the dick bad".

"Yea man she be wanting the big dick up her sweet bitch box something fierce".

"Lick her motherfucker ....you get your cock sucking mouth down on your little
girl or I just fuck her dry till she bleed" Leonard warned him.

Neil bent closer and started lapping at his daughter's pussy, it was dry so he
drooled saliva out of his mouth in the hope he'd at least make her rape less
painful.

"Man don't drown it .....lick it ...open it up and get your tongue in there
motherfucker" Leonard ordered.

Neil complied, he parted Ariel's now wet lips with his fingers and started
licking her in earnest.  He used his tongue to push as much spit as he could
into her tight dry channel, then used his tongue to lick her clit as he was
ordered to do.

Ariel laid there and felt the soft wet tongue work over her still tight pussy. 
She closed her eyes and pictured the Russian whore's pussy, how big it looked to
her, how red it was and how the sperm dripped out of it.  She didn't want hers
to look that way but there wasn't anything she could do about it.  Ariel crossed
her arm over her eyes and cried silently as her father performed oral sex on her
in front of the gathered audience.

Then she heard her mother scream and she looked over to see her bent over
another table.  Wanda was smearing KY all over her crotch, shoving it inside her
pussy with two fingers.  The screaming really became unbearable when Wanda
shoved two fingers coated with it up her virgin asshole.  Not satisfied she took
more of it and packed her butt hole full using three fingers to widen the tight
entrance, then the end of the bitch whip was shoved roughly up inside her to
make sure she was "greased up and ready".

Ariel looked on in horror as the first man shoved his fairly long cock up the
greased back passage of her mother as she howled in pain and disgrace.  "Whoooo
mamma you done had a right tight hole there" her assailant  called out as he
reamed out Edith's ass.  Ariel couldn't take her eyes off the scene, her first
thought was that she was glad the boy didn't have as large a prick as Leonard.
Then she watched with detached fascination as the boys butt cheeks clenched
tight on each down stroke as Edith wailed a continues "no ....no ....no", Ariel
recognized him as one of the youths that had originally attacked them.

Ariel looked away as her mother's screams turned to low grunts on each down
stroke.  She realized that the soft prodding of her fathers tongue actually felt
good to her.  She looked up to see him working on her cunt, she felt her vaginal
muscles start to relax and a pleasant tingle start to build between her legs.

Then he was pulled away and Wanda stood between her open thighs.  "Looks like
Neil there done you real good" then Wanda plunged two fingers deep inside her
wet hole.  Ariel arched up and groaned from the discomfort of being entered so
hard.   Wanda finger fucked her fast and hard making sure she slammed her
knuckles hard into the soft flesh of her cunt as she enjoyed the expression of
pain on Ariel's tired face.

Then Wanda took the tube of KY from Ariel's stomach and squeezed out a large
dollop of it onto her fingers.  Ariel tried to relax her ass as she was sure
that was where Wanda intended to put it, just as she did to her mother.

Leonard stopped her, "not there ....not yet anyway".

Ariel breathed a sigh of relief then felt her pussy stuffed with the gooey
ointment as Wanda smeared it around inside her.  Ariel heard her father scream
and she thought Leonard was using his lighter on him again.  She sat up and saw
him bent over a table, she didn't really see him, what she saw as a large black
man pumping away just as they were doing to her mother.  Ariel couldn't imagine
what her father felt, not the pain of the rape itself but that he was being
raped.

Ariel knew just how large the man's cock was being thrust up into her father,
she sucked that same cock not more then an hour ago.  She laid back on the table
and braced herself for the inevitable of pain Leonard's entry.  She knew that
even her boyfriend hurt if he wasn't slow when he first started, and he wasn't
even near the size Pimp Daddy was.

Ariel waited for the pain with clenched fists and closed eyes, she felt his
fingers push deep inside as she laid there ready to accept her fate.  Leonard
decided to take his time feeding her his huge tool, he worked the head in then
slowly pushed inside about an inch.  She felt herself  opening up, it hurt but
it wasn't the pain she was expecting, Ariel tried to relax as much as possible
as her body became accustomed to his penis entering her.  Amid the shrill
screams of both her mother and father being brutally raped by this pack of
animals she was being taken slowly, almost like a lover would she thought
abstractly.

Leonard enjoyed the silky soft tightness of Ariel's cunt, she was a young tight
woman, even if his cock wasn't large she'd be tight.  He gazed at how her soft
outer lips were stretched open by his manhood, using his thumbs he opened up
Ariel's lips so he could see her clit, then massaged it slowly as he held
himself at the entrance of her vagina.

He heard her gasp as he put just the end in, then he grabbed Ariel's just under
her knees and lifted her legs up high and wide so he could enter her fully.
Ariel felt her legs being pushed high and wide apart, she didn't open her eyes
as her hips were pulled uncomfortably apart.  She heard her mother moaning, her
father's pathetic squeals as he was sodomized, the mixture of voices around her
of people talking and laughing.  She breathed in a deep breath knowing that at
the entrance of her womb was one huge cock just waiting to push into her.

Leonard watched Ariel, her breathing was deep and steady, Wanda stood near by
watching also so she could see this bitch take the large black cock up her tight
hole.  Then she saw Leonard's hands tighten around Ariel's slim knees, Wanda
knew he was about to enter her.  With a lunge of his hips Leonard pushed half
his cock inside the well lubricated hole, Ariel arched her back and let out a
scream as she was impaled, her day dream of being take slowly evaporated in one
agonizing split second.  Her head jerked backwards, the tendons on her neck
stood out and she clenched her fists tightly as she screamed out at the
intrusion, "AHHHHHHhhhheeee ......".

Wanda smiled as Leonard pulled back then pushed forward, this time 3/4 of his
cock sank into the tight hole, again Ariel cried out in pain as her back arched
and her vagina was not only stretched more then it had ever been before but also
penetrated deeper.  Ariel felt the walls of her vagina being stretched out along
with the feeling of Leonard's cock sliding down inside her body. 

Leonard pulled back so just the head was inside, he saw Ariel's body go limp,
her chest heaving as she tried to pull air into her lungs, the beads of sweat
forming on her body.  Then he pushed forward and buried his entire 10" cock into
Ariel's snatch.  This time her cries sounded like a wounded animal being
butchered, he felt his crotch smash against her's, her cunt muscles twitched
around the invading meat and he held himself deep inside enjoying the
sensations.

Ariel felt the pain of the first two thrusts and felt she was being torn apart,
then the final one was almost to much to bear, she felt herself starting to lose
consciousness.  Her whole lower body felt on fire, her insides felt like they'd
been torn all the way up to her chest.  Ariel felt his course pubic hairs scuff
her tender outer lips and was actually grateful he was fully inside her now. 
She could feel his large cock filling her, she no longer had to wait for the
terrible intrusion into her most private area.

Ariel tried breathing in deep gulps of air to alleviate the pain, the only good
thing she could think of was that at least she wasn't a virgin.  At least she'd
been with someone she cared about the first time she'd had sex.  Ariel laid
passively on the table her eyes tightly closed feeling the heat generated inside
her by Leonard's cock.  Then she felt him start to pull out, her young tight
pussy gripped at the intruder as it pulled out and Ariel whimpered out quietly,
"please .......oh god please let it be over soon".

Leonard pulled out then started to thrust his hips in a slow rhythmic fashion in
and out of the young girls cunt.  Wanda had used a great deal of KY so he knew
he wasn't tearing up the delicate lining of her vaginal canal, but the size of
his cock would hurt as it stretched her vaginal muscles.  He smiled at the
thought of her pain and kept thrusting the entire length of his tool into her
knowing nothing had ever been this deep inside her body before.  He watched her
grapefruit sized tits bounce as he increased his speed, the sounds of his pelvis
battering against her's was music to his ears.

Looking over at Wanda watching him fuck, he smiled at her then said "hey Wanda
you want some ....I knows that you enjoy the bitch's as much as we do.  Come on
girl git yourself some of this here new meat".

"Sure enough boss man" she answered happily.  Wanda took a last look at Edith
and Neil to be sure the men who were told to monitor the rape were doing their
jobs.  Then she pulled off her thong panties and jumped up onto the table,
pulling Ariel's arm from her eyes and yanking her head up so she could watch
Leonard fuck her.

"Take a look new meat ...see how your daddy done got the whole snake up inside
that tight love box you got". 

Ariel was forced to watch as Leonard smiled down at her, all the while fucking
her with ever increasing speed.  She grunted with every down stroke but the pain
was starting to lessen as her vaginal muscles stretched out to accommodate the
size of his cock.  The sensation of his penis moving inside her felt odd to her
now, it didn't hurt as much as the first stroke had.  Ariel found if she moved
her hips up as he entered her the sliding of his cock in her wet channel
actually felt good even though it was still a tight fit.

Letting her head drop back on the table Wanda smiled wickedly at the prostrate
girl.  She saw the look of horror and disbelief in her eyes, her body rocked as
Leonard pummeled her with his cock.  Her face showed the emotional pain she was
in from being forced to have sex, it also showed the physical pain of having her
raw back scraped along the table top at each thrust.

"Now baby girl you gonna thank your momma for greasing you up so nice so Pimp
Daddy don't tear up yer fuck hole to bad".  Wanda straddled Ariel's upturned
face so she was facing Leonard allowing her to watch as he fucked his newest
bitch.  Pinning Ariel's  arms down with her knees her pussy was just inches away
from her face, the smell of her aroused sex assaulted Ariel's senses and she
closed her eyes and moved her head to the side.

Wanda grabbed both of Ariel's now swollen and sore nipples pulling up hard on
her tits until they formed a cone, she gleefully heard Ariel moan in pain and
Leonard moan in pleasure as her cunt muscles tightened around his thrusting
cock.  "Now bitch that don't be polite turning away from Wanda's pussy like that
...........I done showed you how to eat .....", again she twisted Ariel's
nipples.  "Now you just bury that sweet tongue of your's inside my bitch box
baby and make Wanda happy".

Letting go of the nipples Wanda grabbed Ariel behind the neck and forced her
face deep into her wet smelly cunt.  Ariel started struggling so she could
breath, she also wanted her face away from Wanda's smelly cunt.   She could feel
the wetness of it, some fluid was already leaking out and smearing her face. 
All the while she could still feel his cock thrusting up inside her body, her
hips kept humping up to meet his thrusts, not out of passion but simply because
it hurt less that way.

"That's right new meat you fuck your daddy back" Leonard told her.

"This bitch ain't grateful for notin I done for her Boss .........I thinks she
need a bit more education" Wanda told Leonard.

"Well you jus go and do it Wanda while I fuck's this tight cunt she done saved
for me" Leonard answered back.

Wanda was off the gasping girl without hesitation, grateful for permission to
hurt the white girl again.  Wanda came back with another whore, this one was a
fairly tall Latin of around 25, she was plump with large floppy breasts and long
black hair.  She'd come to America so she could find work as a domestic but was
sold to Leonard instead, her large breasts and hairy cunt seemed to attract the
older clients for some reason, she'd been working for Leonard 2 years and no
longer even thought about leaving, not after what she'd seen done to those that
tried.  Her mind had simply accepted the fact that she'd become a prostitute and
even helped in training new girls and teaching them English.

Ariel wiped off the sticky mess left by Wanda's cunt then looked up at Leonard's
grinning face as he fucked her.  She looked over to where her mother was, she
was now on her side, one leg held up in the air as two men used her for their
pleasure.  One man fucked her cunt and the other her ass but Edith's moans
couldn't be heard.  Ariel could see a third man at her face and knew her mothers
mouth was stuffed with his penis.

Turning the other way she saw her father still bent over a small table, his legs
were apart and she saw some blood on the inside of his thighs.  Right now no one
was bothering him so he lay unmoving over the table moaning softly.

Wanda and the new whore both got on the table with the whore grabbing Ariel's
wrists and stretching her arm's out above her head.  Ariel looked up at the worn
features of her face, as she bent her head back she saw the women's cunt through
her spread knees, her course black pubic hair covered her completely but the
swollen red lips could still be seen.  Ariel moaned out a soft "no" as she saw
it, knowing she too would look like that by the time they were finished.

Wanda slapped her face then grabbed her chin, "now look here new meat I gonna
teach you that you eat what you be offered or ..........." smiling broadly down
at her victim, "you be taught manners".  Wanda then opened her hand, two large
safety pins with twine attached to them dangled from her fingers.

Ariel's eyes widened in horror, "No ...............no please .............I'll
do what you what ..........Pleasssse don't hurt me" she pleaded.

"To late now bitch .......Wanda gonna make me some handles for yer titties".

Leonard had buried his still hard cock deep inside Ariel's warm pulsing cunt, he
knew what Wanda was going to do and wanted to feel it.  He watched with
fascination as Wanda first sucked each tit until the nipple's stood out hard. 
He remembered how pink they were when he'd first seen them, now they were cheery
red and puffy from abuse, soon they would hurt even worse.

Ariel felt Leonard's cock nestled deep inside her, her pussy felt sore and
stretched but the pain wasn't as bad as she'd thought it would be.  She tilted
her head up to watch what Wanda was going to do.  She pleaded with her to let
her eat her pussy as her nipples were painfully nursed by Wanda's mouth.  "No
...........please let me lick you...........momma please let me .............I
want to momma ..................god please let me" she tearfully begged.

Wanda wasn't interested in her pleas, she raised up from her noisy sucking and
smiled at Ariel, "it be to late bitch .......you learn ..........now you watch
your momma or I be doing somethin a whole lot worse".  With that Wanda opened up
the first safety pin, grabbed the wet hard nipple and making sure Ariel was
watching in fear of what she might do if she didn't, Ariel knew what was going
to happen but the hold on her arms left her no chance to defend herself.

Slowly Wanda inserted the first pin into the soft tissue of Ariel's aureolas ,
her screams of agony brought over several people who wanted to see what was
going on.  "You watch me bitch or I stick them in your lips and nose girl" Wanda
warned her.

Ariel kept her glazed eyes glued to the pin, when it had pierced her breast
completely Wanda snapped it closed and just as deliberately as she did the first
pierced the other one, as she  was skewered by the pins Ariel screamed and
thrashed about.  Leonard was enjoying the feeling of the milking action the
muscle contractions were doing because of the pain, he was almost ready to cum
but wanted to watch Ariel service Wanda from his special vantage point.

Wanda again climbed aboard Ariel's face, taking the two pieces of twine in her
fingers she pulled them up so Ariel's breasts were stretched up further then she
could before, now the added pain of the pins made Ariel buck on the table as she
cried out with the new torment.

"Now you eat me till I cums bitch or I yank them pins till they rip out of yer
tits" Wanda informed her.

Ariel buried her face into Wanda's crotch licking and sucking with as much gusto
as she could,  given her limited experience in oral sex with women Ariel tried
to do her best.  Wanda coached her on the fine points of pussy eating, all the
while tugging at the tit leashes to provide added incentive to her pupil.

Leonard had again started thrusting into Ariel's fuck tube, she was still so
tight that he had to pull out and use some additional KY, again Wanda had taught
him to make sure a girl was well greased up so even during a gang fuck she
wouldn't be torn up and could be put out on the street within two days.  It
wasn't that they cared if the girl was sore so much as the customers weren't
very happy to fuck a women screaming in pain.  At least most didn't want to, if
they did that could easily be arranged by talking to Wanda.

Ariel felt Leonard pull out and hoped he was done, though she knew someone else
would just take his place.  Right now that wasn't her concern, what she wanted
was to get Wanda off as soon as possible so she'd stop tormenting her boobs. 
The pain in them was worse then the bitch whip, no matter how foul Wanda tasted
or smelled Ariel wanted her to stop pulling her tits with the leashes.

"Man look at that bitch's tits ............they be stretched out like I never
seen".

"Shit them had to hurt .......almost makes me go soft".

Leonard now slammed his cock deep inside Ariel, she grunted and moaned at his
renewed pumping.  Each time he bottomed out in her the pins would be pulled, her
back was already raw from the whipping and the friction from the table top was
only making it worse.  It seemed like Wanda had an unlimited supply of pussy
juice as it leaked down over Ariel's face dripping down into her ears.

"Yea bitch ........that's right ........you suck on Wanda's love button
..............now the tongue ...go on bitch get it up inside me ............now
back to my love button ..........oh yea bitch ...........yea .........OH
YEA...............do it bitch .......... do it RIGHT" Wanda's hips were bucking
as she neared her own orgasm, she tugged up on the twine, then pulled them apart
pulling each tit sideways, her knees clamped Ariel's head and she could feel how
hard Leonard was thrusting into Ariel.

Finally Leonard shot a large load of cum deep inside Ariel, to her it was just
another degradation she had to endure, to him it was pure pleasure .  "YEA BITCH
...................YES I CUMMING .........AHHHHH", with a final hard slam of his
hips Leonard emptied his balls into Ariel's waiting womb.  Her hips had come up
to meet his thrusts and her ass was completely off the table with Leonard's
hands grasping her battered ass cheeks hard.

Ariel screamed up into Wanda's cunt, it wasn't from pleasure.  Leonard's hands
squeezing her abused ass caused incredible pain while Wanda's abuse of her
leashes not only pulled up on her tits and nipples painfully it caused the pins
to slide back and fourth through her flesh.  As Ariel's mouth was pushed deep
inside Wanda her scream reverberated inside and sent Wanda off on her own much
anticipated orgasm.  Ariel felt Leonard's hot seed being forced inside her, her
own cunt muscles helped milk him as they squeezed down on his cock.   Ariel was
glad she was on birth control pills so she at least wouldn't get pregnant.

"YES CHILD .............YES ................YESSSSSSS" Wanda cried out as she
gushed her own juices onto Ariel's upturned face.

As both of them came down from their sexual highs Ariel was left with cum
drooling out of her now well stretched cunt and Wanda's cum smeared all over her
face, the inside of her mouth and even up her nose.

Both dismounted the now sweat and cum drenched girl, Leonard's second in command
now took the place of honor and promptly started fucking Ariel with great
satisfaction.  Since he'd already dumped a load into Edith he knew he could fuck
for a long time and being just as well hung as Leonard knew he would find a
tight fit.  Ariel felt the new invasion of her body start, she felt her legs
being lifted up, the sharp slap on her butt as she was ordered, "hold them legs
up wide bitch so's I can get deep inside that honey box of yours".

Ariel hands had been freed by the whore holding her and she reached up under her
knees with her arms on the inside of her sore thighs and grasped her ankles so
she could pull them back exposing herself for the attack.  It felt as if she'd
be split in two as the man fucked down on her driving his cock deeper then
Leonard's had been.  Ariel groaned hoarsely at the new pain being inflicted on
her insides, it felt as if he would puncture something.  His hands grabbed the
inside of Ariel's thighs splitting her wider apart adding to her misery, the
slap of his stomach on her upturned body was hideous to listen to.

Ariel wasn't allowed a rest for her mouth, the whore that had held her took
Wanda's place, she also took hold of the breast leashes and tugged them with the
same force that Wanda had used.  Ariel now was sucking out the large cunt of her
new tormentor and tasted something different.  Even with all that had been done
she knew the bitter rancid taste on her tongue was the leavings of the men that
had fucked this woman earlier today.  Ariel retched up but the evil pins were
pulled and she went about cleaning up the stale cum, and enduring the foul
stench of a woman's hole that had been fucked by several different men but
hadn't been washed.

As she serviced the woman's stale box Leonard's second in command continually
rammed his cock into Ariel's now well stretched hole.  Ariel wasn't thinking of
her parents any longer, she  just hoped the hard buffeting she was receiving
between her legs and the growing puddle of wetness from the cunt being pressed
down on her face would end soon.  She sucked in air when she could but kept her
tongue busy licking the hairy pussy pressed against her face.  Her world has
been reduced to the pain in her nipples from the wicked yanking on the twine,
the strain on her hip joints from holding her legs apart and the feeling of a
cock pumping in and out of her vagina.  Ariel's only other thought was that she
was being used by two people that she didn't even know and how helpless she
felt.

Finally she felt him plunge deep inside her and release yet another load of cum
inside her womb.  He pulled out and with a sickening wet sound and Ariel let go
of her ankles as he stepped away allowing her legs flop down on the table.  She
felt the sticky fluid leak out of her now sore twat and make its way down
between the crack of her ass.

Finally her tortured tongue was given a rest as the women above her creamed
violently, grinding her crotch into her face until Ariel thought she'd pass out
from lack of oxygen.  The women rose up, Ariel took a deep breath of air and
looked up between the whore's thighs and saw the blush of satisfaction on her
face and chest, the twin pieces of string were still clutched in her fingers,
she tugged them again drawing a moan of pain from Ariel's tired throat.  Then
she released her grip allowing Ariel's breasts to fall back on her chest.  Ariel
closed her eyes and prayed they'd stop pulling on the string, then she looked up
at the women's face, the smile she saw  frightened her.

Ariel felt her legs being pushed apart and glanced down to see Greg standing
between her thighs smiling brightly at her.  "Well hi there bitch, guess we gets
to know each other now".

Without further talk he reached under Ariel's knees and pushed her legs up and
back sending another wave of pain through her hips.  Ariel felt his dick enter
her, smaller then the first two men he slipped in easily then he started the now
familiar humping the first two had, Ariel closed her eyes and simply laid there
glad he wasn't more endowed then the other two.  As Greg slammed down into her
Ariel heard loud pussy farts start,  Greg called out to everyone "it's talking
to us" which several people found funny.

Ariel flushed red with shame at the sound but opened her eyes wide when her nose
was pinched shut.  She opened her mouth to breath and stared up into the hard
face of the whore that she'd pleasured.  Ariel's brain screamed for rest as her
tongue was sore and she couldn't make it work properly, what the women had in
mind didn't require any work on Ariel's part.

Without a word the women rose up and parted her hanging cunt lips and proceeded
to urinate into Ariel's upturned face and mouth.  Ariel gaged on the foul
tasting drink, but her hair was held so she couldn't move her head and was made
to swallow the noxious drink so she didn't choke to death.  Once the flow has
finished the women took up the leashes and tuged brutally on them commanding
Ariel to clean her.  Once again Ariel's aching tongue licked at her until the
strings were released.

Greg has already cum twice today and he fucked the unresisting body for what
seemed like hours as Ariel lay limply on the table accepting his unwanted
attention.  Another whore was sent atop the table to be cleaned by Ariel's tired
tongue.  This one hold the twine but didn't tug on them, Ariel was grateful for
this and cleaned the drying cum from her well used twat.

Time has no meaning for Edith, she'd been double fucked while sucking a third
cock so many times her mind had become numb if not her body.  Her stretched out
rectum throbbed with pain and her pussy was completely numb from the pounding it
was receiving.  The inside of her mouth has been fouled by taste of her own shit
as several took their turns in her ass before having her mouth.  It seemed most
had their sexual needs sated so they made her suck their limp dicks then pissed
into her mouth while holding her by the hair forcing her to swallow the vile
tasting pee.

As a rather large cock was pulled from her ass, Edith's bowels emptied
themselves of the accumulated cum that has been deposited there.  The watery
brown mixture flowed freely from her distended rectum covering the inside of her
thighs before dripping onto the floor.  Edith was finally left alone and laid
unmoving on the table in her own excrement and vomit.

Neil had been used several times, his ass felt as if it had been torn open by
the men that used him.  After they finished fucking his ass he'd been forced to
clean them with his mouth, vomiting up the contents of his stomach at the foul
taste of his own bowels.  Neil too emptied his guts, the brown lumpy mixture
stained his thighs and puddled between his knees as he lay across the table
unconscious.

Ariel hadn't been granted the relief of passing out, after the prolonged fucking
by Greg he finally reached his physical limit and lifted his sweat drenched body
from between her legs, "man my Jones gonna be sore for a week" he declared with
a sheepish grin as he moved aside to allow another to use the now open hole
between Ariel's thighs.

The next man took her with without pushing Ariel's legs up, he simply pulled her
to the end of the table and thrust his cock into her sopping hole.  She felt the
cock slide in easily since she'd  had two large loads of cum deposited there
along with the KY.  Her vagina was sore from being used but the current occupant
of her cunt was still smaller then either Leonard or the second man.  Ariel laid
on the table allowing him to use her as he wished, only a soft grunt with each
stroke came from her throat.  He watched her small breasts bounce in circles as
he fucked her hard, almost hypnotized by there movement.

Wanda watched as the teenager's body was used with satisfaction.  The blank
stare on her cum and piss soaked face that only hours ago shown with the bright
hope of a 19 year old brought a smile to her cruel lips.  Wanda ordered another
whore atop Ariel's face so she could be cleaned out by Ariel's tired tongue.

The next man ordered Ariel to grab onto the soles of her feet and keep her legs
up in the air and as wide apart as she could.  Of course her knees were bent
some but she was fully open as he plunged deep inside her now stretched hole
with a wet squelching sound.  The hard thrusts knocked the air out of her and
rocked her tired body violently.

Ariel finally lost count of how many times she was used, all she knew was the
wet sounds of a cock being rammed into her, the feeling of a cock being thrust
up inside her body and the taste and aroma of each pussy she was forced to lick
clean.  One unknown and unseen man shoved his massive cock inside Ariel causing
her to squeal in pain as he stretched her further then Leonard did.  As Ariel
cleaned out another leaking pussy this man hammered his huge tool deep inside
the now loose hole between her legs.  Except for the first three that took her
this was the only other man she could specifically remember taking her.  The
rest were just faceless anonymous men fucking her for as long as they wanted.

Finally no one forced themselves into her abused cunt, Ariel no longer found her
vision blocked by a woman's groin and she stared up at the ceiling above her
head.  She didn't even reach down to her crotch, which had gone mercifully numb
from the continued pounding it had received.  She could feel the slime ooze out
of her, closing her eyes she pictured her swollen cunt gaping open, just as the
one's that she'd been licking did.  She felt the sticky fluid leak out of her
and coat her asshole then continue down until it puddled around it.  She
silently prayed that they'd be set free now that she'd been raped.

Ariel's head lolled to the side and she was greeted with the sight of her mother
on her back, legs spread obscenely apart, her pussy a red open hole dripping
seman and her thighs coated with a mixture of cum, shit and blood.

Ariel tried to focus on what was going on, she lifted herself so she was resting
on her elbows and looked around the room.  Everyone seemed to be resting, she
spied Leonard sitting on the chair smoking his cigar and surveying the damage
he'd caused.  No longer able to support herself she fell back onto the table
with a thud, her body and mind so numb she didn't even feel how badly she hurt.




Chapter 8

Leonard finally decided it was time to go, standing up he again started shouting
orders to the worn out men, "OK motherfuckers bring them two old fucked up
honkies over here".

Edith and Neil were brought to him after being revived by dumping cold water on
them.  Neither was totally aware of what is going on anymore, Edith and Neil
simply knelt at his feet and stared at the ground as gooey streams of cum
dripped from their bodies onto the floor.

Leonard had two men haul Neil up and bring him over to where his daughter was
laying on the table with her legs splayed apart.  Even in his condition he could
see his once beautiful daughter laying on her back, her legs spread out and her
once tight slit now an open red gash dribbling white jizm that had formed a
large puddle around her ass.  He saw the angry welt on the inside of her thigh
left by the whip and the dark bruises that had formed high up on the inside of
her thighs from the pounding of her rapists.  His eyes took in the sight of the
bright silver safety pins that adorned her breasts, how his daughters face was
smeared with drying pussy juice and she smelt of piss, her discolored eye, the
once beautiful long hair cut short now and matted to her head, Neil wept openly
as he was held up by the two men.

Grabbing his hair Leonard slapped him into awareness, "now you look here
motherfucker ......LOOK AT HER.  Now you be understandin me real good
......cause no matter how bad this bitch look she could be a lot worse".  Again
he slapped Neil and pushed him closer to his brutalized child.

Pulling his face up so he was looking at him Leonard continued, "you understand
me".  Neil could only mumble a weak "yes".

"Good now you jus listen to me, bring the old bitch here".

Edith was pulled up and forced to look at her only daughter, after Wanda
provided several slashes across her ass with the bitch whip so she was alert
enough to understand what she and her husband were being told.

"You two dumb fucks look at her .....she be fucked up but alive ......you gonna
be taken home ....you call the police and I send her back one piece at a time. 
First her toes, then parts of her fingers ......then other parts till she all
cut up like a piece of beef.  She gonna live a long time with me cutin off
little pieces of her to send home.  The police ain't gonna find me ......or her
.....so you just be goin home with a couple of my boys and maybe I have her call
you in a day or two.  Don't make no never mind she gonna stay alive long as you
don't tell nobody ......got it".

Neil and Edith both begged to be allowed to take her with them, they promised to
keep quite, to pay any sum of money he wanted but Leonard wouldn't relent.  He
wanted the white bitch for awhile longer.  "You motherfuckers just be glad I be
given her back at all ....if she minds her manners .......and you two remember
what I done told you bout the police" he informed them menacingly.

The two of them were thrown into the SUV and driven home by three of his men. 
Once there Neil was again forced to watch as Edith was first showered then raped
by all three of them in their own bed.  Before leaving the evil men urinated and
defecated on her, making Edith smear  the mixture all over her body.  As she
repeatedly was forced to ask to be fucked again by them they forced her to shove
her shit covered fingers inside her cunt.  As a last indignity Neil was forced
to clean out his wife's well used pussy with his tongue, just before leaving the
men watched him vomit into her cunt.

Ariel was only dimly aware of what was going on as she lay on the table looking
up at the ceiling trying to cope with the pain she was in.  She opened her eyes
and saw her parents standing there staring at her, then they were gone.  Wanda
had two of the whore's pull her from the table but she couldn't stand on her own
and had to be supported by them.  A jacket was thrown over her shoulders and
Wanda had her taken to her car but not before she was able to find  another
opportunity to humiliate her further.

Taking the skirt Ariel had worn that day she shoved it between Ariel's legs,
"you keep that there bitch so you don't be leakin scum all over the car
......you dirty my seats and I whop yer ass good ..........".  Grabbing Ariel's
short hair and yanking her head up so she was looking directly into her face,
"you understand me cum bucket .......DO YOU" Wanda shouted at the dazed girl.

Finally Ariel was able to focus on what Wanda wanted, weakly she answered her
"yes ...momma .......I understand".  The two prostitutes helped Ariel waddle out
to the car making sure she kept the soiled skirt tucked between her thighs. 
They both made sure the skirt was positioned under her ass when she sat so the
cum that covered her ass, thighs and leaked from her abused cunt didn't get on
the seats.  There concern was more to what Wanda would do to them if the seats
got dirty then to what she might do to Ariel.




Chapter 9

Wanda drove the listless teenager to the nicest whorehouse that Leonard owned,
the one that was located only 10 miles from Ariel's own home.  Actually Wanda
was unhappy to be taking the girl there, usually a new girl was forced to work
in one of the cheap motels Leonard owned in various places throughout the
ghetto.  It was there that they serviced their client's for fees ranging from
$25 to $50 per act.  Once throughly broken in the better looking ones were
allowed to rest and clean up, then taken to the apartment complex where they
performed the same acts for $500 and up.  Of course the john's were generally
white and at least bathed so all the girls worked hard so they didn't have to go
back to the ghetto to ply their trade.

Wanda also maintained her own apartment there, sometimes servicing a particular
client if she wanted to.  Her "training facility" was located in the heart of
the ghetto, right next to one of the cheapest motels that Leonard had.  Wanda
wanted to take Ariel there but Leonard insisted she be taken to the "fancy"
place and be kept in Wanda's spare bedroom.  Wanda was mad at being made a baby
sitter for this rich white bitch, even as a whore she was being treated better
then anyone else and Wanda was pissed off.  Of course she knew better then to
cross Leonard by overtly abusing Ariel but she did have her way's of getting
even.

On the drive Ariel lay with her head against the rear seat supported by the two
prostitutes that had placed her in the car.  Had she been awake she might have
noticed the neighborhood and realized how close she was to her home.  Wanda
pulled into the underground garage and hustled Ariel up to her apartment.  Once
inside the complex of 35 apartments Ariel had no way of knowing how close she
was to her own neighborhood and friends.

"Get's the bitch into the bathroom .......she stink of piss" she ordered the two
working girls.  Ariel was dumped into the shower, the girls removed her shoes
and Wanda turned on the cold water full blast.

Ariel was awake instantly, "oh god .........." she cried out trying to catch her
breath under the ice cold stinging water.  She curled up into a tight ball
against the corner of the shower her body shivering uncontrollably from the cold
as she tried to catch her breath.  Wanda kept the stream of cold water on full
force for 10 minutes watching the miserable teenager shiver before turning the
hot water on.

Ariel gasped at the change in temperature, the hot water now scorched her
tenderized flesh, the steam rose almost hiding the cowering girl.  "Now bitch
you get that skinny butt up and clean the stink off you .........both inside and
out".

At first Ariel didn't move, she just stayed curled up as the hot water engulfed
her.  Wanda reached into the steam and grabbed a handful of wet limp hair and
pulled Ariel towards the door of the shower so she was looking up into the evil
smile gracing Wanda's face.  "Now bitch you be a slow learner .... when yer
momma tells you to move you move bitch".  Wanda then spit into Ariel's upturned
face, "or you be feelin the whip agin ....understand me fuck meat".  This time
Wanda slapped Ariel's upturned face then pushed her back into the hot stream of
water.

Ariel managed to get to her feet, the hot water stung her skin but she was
grateful to finally get a chance to wash the filth from her body.  Slowly she
soaped her body, stealing a quick glance at Wanda standing watch over her.  Even
after her experience in the warehouse Ariel felt demeaned at having someone
watch her wash herself.

As Ariel started to soap her breasts she was again aware of the pins that
pierced her nipples, turning to the corner to hide her face and body Ariel
sobbed with grief at what had been done to her.  "Come over here bitch ....git
yer ass over here NOW" Wanda shouted at the sobbing girl.

Ariel moved out of the shower stall facing Wanda but kept her face lowered so
she didn't have to look at her.  "Get on yer knees new meat", Ariel sank to her
knees wondering just what this evil monster had in store for her now.

"You don't like the decorations Wanda done to them little tits of yer's do you
slut" Wanda asked.

"No" Ariel replied weakly.

"If you want them out you ask momma Wanda reeeal nice to take them out".

"Please momma Wanda take the pins out" Ariel replied meekly.

"That don't sound to nice new meat ......try again".

"Momma Wanda pretty please take the pins out of ....of .....new meats nipples".

Wanda knelt down and lifted Ariel's chin so she could look into the distraught
face of the teenager.  "Well that was better ......but what you do for old Wanda
ifin she take out the pins real careful so's not to hurt them tender little nips
you got" Wanda asked in a sickly sweet voice.

Ariel looked into the callous expression of the hardened whore's face, her mind
raced to find the correct answer, anything so she'd not be hurt anymore. 
"Anything .......anything momma Wanda wants" the defeated girl answered in a low
whisper.

"Anything .......that be a big promise for such a little thing like you to make
.....you sure now it be anything" Wanda asked in a low husky voice.

Ariel's body shivered from the way Wanda said "anything" but after what had been
done to her so far the kneeling girl couldn't think of what hadn't been done to
her already.  Again Ariel answered in a abject voice, "yes ....anything".

Wanda lifted Ariel's face up and placed her lips against her's, her mouth opened
and Wanda sent her long wet tongue into the startled girl's mouth.  Ariel's
first reaction was to pull back but Wanda took a firm hold of her hair, "you say
anything bitch ........".  Ariel opened her mouth to accept the probing tongue,
her eyes tightly clenched shut.

Wanda French kissed her for several minutes, savoring the power over the young
white girl.  Then she pulled away and grasped the pin attached to Ariel's left
nipple.  "Now you be still and I be takein out these pins .......you fuss or
don't live up to yer promise girl and I promise they be put back .......but next
time it be in yer cunt lips", Wanda warned her sternly.

Ariel winced as each pin was with withdrawn from her body, "now you git back in
there and clean that stinky body off .......brush yer teeth cause yer mouth
tastes like pussy girl" Wanda laughingly told the bedraggled girl.

Ariel went back to scrubbing her body, every muscle ached but the warm water
felt good.  She shampooed her hair as tears once again welled up as she lathered
up her now short bob.  When she started to clean between her legs Ariel started
to feel just how sore she was from the continued fucking she'd received.  At
Wanda's insistence she used her fingers inside her raw vagina, even with the
soap as lubricant it hurt to put her small fingers inside herself.  The outer
lips were swollen and red, the muscle at the entrance had been stretched from
the large cocks and throbbed with pain.  Ariel was sickened at how easily her
two fingers slipped inside her once tight channel.  She remembered how tight she
was when she masturbated just that morning in anticipation of being with her
boyfriend.

"Here bitch wash out that stink hole you got" Wanda called out to her as she
tossed her a disposable douche.  "Just refill it with water and wash yer gash
real good honey child".

Ariel inserted the nozzle slowly as she squatted in the steaming shower.  She
felt like an animal on display as Wanda watched her perform her cleaning duties. 
Finally Ariel felt she had washed as much of the filth from her as could be
cleaned off with water.  She used her finger's to brush her teeth, again
grateful to be able to wash the disgusting taste of pussy juice, cum and piss
from her mouth.  As she stepped out of the shower the room felt cold and she
clutched her arms around her shivering body waiting for what Wanda wanted next.

Tossing her a rough towel Wanda watched as Ariel dried her raw skin carefully.  
Wanda felt herself becoming aroused at the sight of the slim white captive
standing before her naked.  The red abrasion's left by the whip on her white
ass, tits  and pubic area stood out nicely.  The ones on her tanned legs and
body weren't quite so bold looking but Wanda enjoyed the sight.  As she looked
over her charge Wanda could see the large welt left by the whip on the inside of
her thighs and how Leonard's hand had left bruises on her thighs and buttocks.

"Now you git yer hair all brushed out nice for Wanda honey then we git something
to eat so's you have strength to make yer promise good to me".

As Ariel came out of the bathroom Wanda looked over her new plaything carefully. 
She then tossed her a short red rayon robe to put on.  It barely covered her
butt but Ariel never felt more thankful for something to wear.  Ariel thanked
her with true sincerity as she wrapped the garment around her and tied the sash
tight around her body.

"Now my little child look jus like a bitch should ..........jus like the men
want .......put yer shoes on .....now come on child we git something to eat fore
we come back here to see jus what air head be able to do for old Wanda".

Ariel had no idea where she was or what went on, she followed Wanda out the door
with her arms wrapped around her body.  She looked around the open area and
realized she was in some kind of apartment complex with a large open patio and a
swimming pool.  She saw several men walking with women, the men were white and
dressed either in suits or sports coats and slacks, the women wore skimpy robes
like hers or lingerie and heels.  Ariel noticed that the women were almost all
white.

"Don't be so slow girl ...you be finding out what goes on here soon enough"
Wanda informed the dazed young woman.

Wanda took Ariel into the kitchen area of the complex that was adjacent to the
lounge where the women waited for their "dates".  It was now almost 10:00 P.M.
and Ariel could see there were men of varying ages in the lounge drinking and
talking.

The apartments had all been remolded, the kitchen's had been removed, each
apartment was now no more then a bedroom and a bathroom which the girls
themselves had to keep clean.  One apartment had been turned into a communal
kitchen and lounge with everyone helping to do the cooking and cleaning.  The
food was a mixture of South American, European and Oriental cooking, each one
learning from the other how to make dishes that they would eat.

The complex itself was located in a good area of town, its walled and gated
perimeter kept prying eyes away from what went on inside.  Two large guards kept
order inside and made sure no one entered or left that wasn't supposed to.  The
occupants of the surrounding apartments never realized what went on since the
underground parking kept people from really noticing the cars that came and went
at all hours of the day and night.  The girls were allowed to use the pool, and
lounged around it during the warm summer days as customers came and went picking
out who they wanted.

As Ariel and Wanda walked to the kitchen Ariel eyed the women sitting around the
outside tables, like her they wore only robes and heels.  She saw the menacing
guards, the high walls and locked gates, she didn't realize she was now in an
area that was affluent and white.  Even if she had the chance, escape was remote
since the entire area was monitored by security systems.

Inside the kitchen a dozen women of every nationality sat around eating, talking
and cooking as if this was nothing more then a sorority house.  The language
ranged from Mexican to Russian along with a pidgin English that everyone used to
talk to those of a different country.  As they entered the assembled women stole
quick glances at Ariel, news traveled fast and they had all found out that this
"new meat" was a real American, not an immigrant.  They had all heard how she
came to be with them.

They feared Wanda, for with one word from her they would find themselves, no
matter how beautiful, back in one of the cheap motels servicing sweaty blacks
and Mexican's for $25 a trick rather then the rich white men that frequented the
complex.  They had all resigned themselves to being prostitutes, even if they
hadn't witnessed it themselves they all knew the consequences of trying to
escape.  If there initial treatment while being broken in didn't teach them of
the cruelty of those that held them then the stories from other's would be
enough to hold them in check. 

At least once a year a girl would try to escape, either by talking to a customer
or by other means.  Wanda made sure that as many as possible got to witness how
they were punished.  A thorough whipping was given for any infraction of the
rules, head shaving, pins inserted into nipples, mouth and pussy lips, up under
finger and toe nails, cigarettes applied to intimate areas of the body,
additional gang rapes with men and animals, all these were used to punish any
girl that crossed Wanda.  A girl would find being sent back to the cheap motel a
blessing after Wanda got finished with them.

Ariel ate in silence, trying to understand what was being said in the
conversations.  Wanda was fluent in Mexican and had picked up a bit of several
European languages.  She still didn't understand what the oriental's said in
their native tongues but they tended to be a lot less rebellious then the
other's.  Once Ariel had finished eating she sat there with her head resting in
her hands trying to find a comfortable way to sit on her bruised ass until
Wanda's voice brought her back to her present situation.

"New meat you git yer ass up and start clearing and washing dishes, you ain't no
princess here  you earn your keep by cleaning up so these others can keep
working".

Ariel got up and cleared dishes and started washing them along with the
accumulated pots and pans.  As she bent down to do her work her well whipped ass
was displayed for all to see, just another way for Wanda to warn everyone of
what lay in store for them if the strayed from the path.  Each of them knew that
Wanda loved to abuse them at the slightest opportunity, they also knew one of
their duties was to pleasure Wanda in what ever way she liked.  Experience told
them that they wouldn't have to worry about being called to Wanda's apartment as
long as the new girl was there, at least until she tired of her.

Finally the kitchen was clean and after having Ariel scrub the floor Wanda had
her come back to her apartment.  Ariel was dead tired, sore all over both inside
and out but she worked hard at cleaning the kitchen.  At least she wasn't being
abused, at least physically, Wanda did like to taunt her as she cleaned up,
reminding her she wasn't "no more little Jew princes anymore but a working
girl".  Ariel trembled inside every time Wanda said that to her, even though
she'd been raped by who know's how many men she still couldn't conceive of being
bought for sex by someone.

Finally Wanda was satisfied with how the kitchen had been cleaned, Ariel was
thankful the room had finally been emptied of the other women.  Having to scrub
the floor in the short robe allowed her private area's to be displayed to all
that wished to see, both guards had come into the kitchen and watched her, she
could feel their eyes looking at her displayed charms.  It wasn't just the shame
of having to display her neither regions that made her blush red, it was that
everyone knew she was red and swollen from the rape and the men knew she'd been
used.  It brought waves of disgrace over her that these men, strangers, knew
she'd had sex.

Once back in Wanda's apartment Ariel felt safe from prying eyes.  "OK honey
child let's see just how much you want to please Wanda, warm up the shower for
me" Wanda told her as she went to her bedroom to strip down.  Once the shower
was running Wanda returned, it was the first chance Ariel had to really look at
Wanda's naked body, she was a light chocolate brown all over, her nipples were
dark, almost black and huge.  Her pubic region was covered with thick black
curly hair that hid her thick outer lips that Ariel had become familiar with
earlier that day.

Wanda stepped into the shower, "come in here honey child ....Wanda done need a
shower as I worked up a sweat today" she said mockingly.  Ariel dropped her robe
and took off her shoes and entered the shower.  The hot water beating down
against her skin hurt as it hit her abused body, she winced at the pain but
stayed in the stream of water as it felt good to her sore muscles.  Wanda handed
her the soap, "now you soap me up real good new meat".

As Ariel knelt at Wanda's feet to start washing her she felt another wave of
shame come over her, she was now nothing more then a servant to this black
women.  She lathered up Wanda's body, from her feet to her head.  Wanda made
sure she washed her feet throughly, making her wash between her toes, then soap
her breasts up and fondle the fleshy globs with her small hands.  As Wanda
leaned against the wall with a leg braced up on the shelf she made Ariel wash
out her pussy, soaping up the dark pink hole and using her fingers to make sure
she was cleaned out throughly.

Ariel was humiliated as she was forced to wash out Wanda's cunt, but when she
bent over and spread her cheeks ordering Ariel to was her ass Ariel felt bile
rise up in her throat.  Wanda didn't need to look at her to know Ariel found
this act totally disgraceful, "lookit here honey child you be cleaning out Wanda
............or I see to it that you do .........git my meaning" Wanda told her
in a forbidding tone of voice.

Ariel knew she had to comply, with trembling fingers she washed the crack
between Wanda's ass trying to get up as much lather as she could before she
touched the protruding skin of Wanda's asshole.  Ariel's gaze was fixed on this
spot, wondering why it seemed to be puffed up, then realizing that Wanda
probably had been fucked there, just like her mother had been.

"You git your finger all slippery now girl and clean me out .........inside
........like a good little girl now you hear" Wanda informed her.

Ariel soaped up her index finger and slipped it inside the rubbery opening
gently.  The finger slid in easily attesting to how often Wanda had been used
anally during her lifetime.  The small digit felt good sliding inside her and
Wanda moaned in pleasure.  "Don't you be stoppin now new meat .....you jus keep
that finger slidin in and out like a good little whore".

Ariel kept up her finger fucking, then slid in a second finger as she was
ordered to do.  Ariel watched her two fingers glide in and out of the hole as
Wanda pushed back helping to fuck herself.  Then Wanda had Ariel stroke her
clit, then insert two fingers deep inside her well used pussy.  Ariel felt the
powerful contractions of the well toned cunt muscles, they squeezed down on her
fingers tightly.  Wanda kept Ariel fingering her for several minutes until a
rolling orgasm engulfed her in pleasure.  Ariel knew Wanda had cum, she felt
revolted at how she was forced to pleasure the women, but also a tinge of
excitement at kneeling behind the black madame pleasuring her.

"Yea .......oh yea honey child you make one nice little love girl for Wanda
...........yes .. yeeeees you be a good little love girl for Wanda fore to
long".  Being called a love girl by Wanda made Ariel's stomach knot with
disgust, she wasn't sure if she'd rather be a whore for men then a "love girl"
for Wanda.  Finally Wanda was sated and had Ariel wash herself as Wanda toweled
dry watching the young white shower again.

"You dry off and come to Wanda's room ......after you fix yer hair up", Wanda
smiled with what appeared to be warmth for the first time.  As Ariel dried and
fixed her hair she again felt tears well up at how her hair had been butchered. 
It was her own fault she thought, if she'd just done what they'd said she
wouldn't have been hung up and whipped.  What had fighting gotten her, nothing
but a beating and her hair hacked off.  She sighed, then went to Wanda's bedroom
to find out what was expected of her now, the whore had been right in what she
said, they wouldn't hurt you much if you just did as you were told.  Ariel
resigned herself to doing what ever it took to survive, screwing strangers for
money was much better then being beaten.

Wanda was laying on her back, her legs spread out and one hand playing with her
large nipples, the other softly caressing her pussy.  Laying beside her was a
large dildo and a vibrator, Ariel had only seen pictures of a dildo, she had a
smaller version of the same vibrator at home.  Slowly Ariel crawled up onto the
bed with Wanda.  "That's right my little love doll .....you join Wanda here on
the bed and she teach you bout girl love" she purred to her.

"Jus watch how Wanda play with her pussy girl, then you do it .......you member
how you licked Edith's hairy cunt ......and my fine pussy earlier today
......well you jus start to work girl .......Wanda done worked up a powerful
want".

Ariel watched Wanda use two fingers one on either side of her clit, the large
pink organ seemed huge to her.  Then Ariel did the same, using her two index
fingers she massaged on either side of Wanda's clit.  Then she lowered her head
and started sucking on it, teasing it with her tongue, then pushing her tongue
deep inside the purplish opening between Wanda's legs.  Ariel did her best to
gratify the older woman's pussy with her tongue.

Wanda had Ariel use the vibrator first, running it around the outside of her
pussy, then across her clit, finally pushing it inside her as her tongue slurped
along her sensitive clit.  Wanda produced a great deal of natural lubricants
which leaked out of her forming a wet stain on the sheets.  As Ariel tongued
Wanda through several orgasm's the puddle grew, it tasted salty and a bit bitter
but Ariel swallowed the noxious fluid controlling her urge to gag as much as she
could.

Finally Wanda pushed Ariel's tired tongue from between her legs, Ariel rolled
over and wiped the thick smelly liquid from her face on the sheets hoping she
was done being Wanda's "love girl".  Wanda rolled over pushing a pillow under
her stomach so her ass was pushed into the air and pushed the dildo towards
Ariel.  "Now girly you suck the dildo so it be nice and wet and push it deep
inside my box ..........then you pump it nice and slow till I tells you to
stop".

Ariel sucked and licked the foul tasting dildo until it was covered with her
spit, her stomach twisted at knowing that this had been inside Wanda, and who
knows who else before and hoped it had been properly washed.  Then she slid the
large fake cock up inside Wanda's gaping pussy, of course it slid in easily. 
Ariel worked the cock up and back changing her rhythm as Wanda directed her to. 
"You pay attention to how Wanda like stuff new meat ......next time you be doin
me I don't want to be talkin so much".

Ariel felt sick at the mention that she'd be forced to pleasure this pervert
again, but kept her thoughts to herself.  She felt tired, it was getting late
and Ariel had been servicing either men or women for at least 8 hours so far,
she wanted nothing more then to be allowed some rest.

"Now you listen up honey child ......you be doin real good at pleasin Wanda
......now you jus keep that nice cock workin up my love box like that", Wanda
reached back and spread apart her cheeks exposing her black asshole.  "Then lean
over and use that little pink tongue of yer's on my back door like a good little
darlin so's Wanda can have some more pleasure time".

Ariel stared at the puckered hole in total horror, how long could this nightmare
go on, this women actually wanted her to lick her butt hole.  Ariel kept the
long strokes of the dildo going but didn't move to comply with Wanda's request.

Wanda knew Ariel wouldn't just lean over and lick her, the dildo felt good
inside her and she didn't want it to stop, she also wanted her ass licked.  Not
so much for the sexual satisfaction as to further demean the rich white bitch.

"Girl you best be gettin that tongue working ...........or I be bringing in them
two guards you seen and I have them fuck that sore snatch you got .......then I
be lettin them fuck that virgin asshole you still got ...........think of that
new meat ........a nice big black cock being shoved up that tiny hole .....jus
like I done had them do to your momma .......course after they done fucked both
holes I gonna shave yer head bald ..........then stick them safety pins back in
them nipples ......couple in them cunt lips too ...........course maybe I be
lettin some other boys come up and fuck you .....girl you be torn up time I
through with you .....now ......what you say to ole Wanda".

Ariel, no matter how depraved she felt the act was didn't hesitate.  The fact
was her tongue was licking Wanda's ass by the time she had gotten to the part
about having her own ass violated by the two men.  Ariel worked her tongue deep
inside Wanda's loose hole, at least she knew it was clean.  Ariel tongue fucked
Wanda until the black whore was overcome with the most powerful orgasm she'd had
in months, perhaps ever.  She bucked and screamed out in pleasure as Ariel
fucked the dildo hard into her cunt and shoved her tongue deep into the depths
of her bowels.

Finally Wanda allowed Ariel to rest, after she had lapped up all fluid that had
been discharged from Wanda's pussy.  She also licked the dildo and vibrator
clean and spent half an hour kissing and sucking on Wanda's toes as she enjoyed
the aftermath of her cum.

"Now girl you be spreading them legs for Wanda now .........you be in for a real
treat as Wanda want some of that nice white pussy you been sharing with the
boys".

Ariel was now positioned on her back, a pillow pushed under the small of her
back so her pelvis was tilted up.  Wanda knelt between her legs and with an
expertise born out of experience she went to work on Ariel's upturned crotch. 
Ariel was quite sore from the rapes but Wanda's tongue worked its magic non the
less.  Soon Ariel felt the flush of excitement start to build, she become damp
with perspiration, her breathing became ragged and her cunt started to leak out
the sweatiest tasting pussy juice Wanda had ever tasted.

"Girl you got the most tasty cunt Wanda ever done eat ............damn girl you
be wet like you pee yourself" Wanda informed the now emotionally confused girl. 
It felt wonderful, the tongue felt like velvet against her clit, the tingling
sensations turned to jolts of pleasure that ran from her clit to her chest and
down her thighs to her toes.

Wanda watched the girls flat stomach flutter and her hips twitch from the
pleasure she was giving her.  Ariel's hands clutched the sheets so tightly her
knuckle turned white and her body started to tremble from the pleasure Wanda was
able to give with her mouth.

"Now you be enjoyin this honey child ...........yer momma Wanda be showen you
what no man ever be able to".

Ariel's mind reeled with mixed emotions, she was ashamed at being aroused by
another women, let alone one that had participated in her brutal rape and had
beaten her without mercy.  She couldn't suppress her bodies reactions, this
women that had kidnaped her, forced her to lick her ass, watched her being
humiliated in front of dozen's of people was now providing her pleasure she had
never known.  Ariel knew it was wrong to enjoy what was being done to her, even
if it wasn't being done by this particular person, yet she did enjoy it.

Wanda slowly slid her finger up the now wet open sex of the young women, she
could see the swollen outer lips, the bruised opening of the once pink vaginal
lips were still red and the tender lining of Ariel's vagina matched the color. 
The vaginal fluid's slickness allowed her finger to penetrate the abused opening
without discomfort. 

Wanda's experienced finger found the small bump on the upper part of Ariel's
vagina, she massaged it delicately as her tongue kept up the rhythmic motion
against engorged pink nub of her clit.  She heard the irregular breathing
turning into gasps, then moans of pleasure as Ariel started to thrash around on
the bed.

"Please .............oh ....oooohhhhhh ..........ahhhh ......yes .........no
...stop ...........please .......god ....wrong ..........no ........yes
...........oh god .......oh god .............yes ..yes .......ahhhhhhhhhh
...YEEESSSSSSSSSSS".  Ariel cried out as her body became rigid, she arched up,
throwing her head back, reaching down to clasp her ankles to spread her legs
further apart so Wanda could have more room to work.  Even though her aching hip
joints protested she pulled her legs up and back exposing herself willingly to
the probing finger and soft tongue of the dark women that had brought her so
much pain and suffering.  Her toes curled and her hands clenched tightly around
her ankles as her body reached its peak.

Ariel's orgasm was the most powerful of her life, the feeling of release was
like nothing she'd ever felt before, nor even knew existed.  She groaned out in
pleasure, a passing guard heard her and thought Wanda was beating the girl, a
passing girl knew it was a cry of pleasure not pain.  For all of Wanda's cruelty
the passing girl thought to herself she knew Wanda could also provide  pleasure
when she wished, the only pleasure one could find in this terrible place she
found herself in.

Ariel laid there bathed in her own sweat, though her orgasm had peaked she still
felt the small pulses of pleasure from deep within her loins.  Wanda looked at
the trembling girl on her bed, she saw something in this slim white girl that
brought fourth a feeling that she didn't know she was capable of, compassion,
maybe even love.  Not that she would turn her loose unless Leonard told her to
but something made her feel this way towards this person that had come into her
life unexpectedly.  Wanda had to smile to herself, she usually didn't think of
the girls as people, they were merchandise to be sold, to be used.  She wondered
if she was getting soft as she got older.

Wanda pulled the pillow out from under Ariel's back, then pulled the covers over
them.  Cradling Ariel in her arms as she feel asleep with a smile on her face, a
face held close to Wanda's breast.  Wanda held her in her arms like that until
her breathing became regular and shallow, until Ariel was surrounded with the
peace of deep sleep.  Wanda kissed her tenderly on the lips, then fell into a
contented sleep herself, knowing that Leonard would come soon.  If not tomorrow
then the next day, he would want her again, but then so would Wanda.




Chapter 10

The next morning Ariel awoke startled to not find herself in her own bed, it
took a few minutes until the befuddled girl realized it hadn't all been a
horrible nightmare.  As she started to move she felt the ache of her sore
muscles, the dull throb between her legs reminded her of how she was raped. 
Throwing back the covers she saw how swollen her nipples were, she leaned
forward and found her sex was still puffy and red, she had a raised welt on the
inside of her thigh along with dark bruises high up on the inside of both thighs
from her rapist pounding against her along with several small ones along the
outside of her thighs from Leonard's hands.  Her ass didn't feel sore but as she
touched it she knew it was bruised also as it hurt when she touched her cheeks. 
She could still see the faint lines the whip had left on her body, Ariel turned
over burying her face in the pillow and cried softly.

"Well my love girl is awake ....now don't be wasting time crying over what
already been done child ....we got things to do today ........bein a working
girl ain't all layin on yer back and fuckin and suckin you know".  The sound of
Wanda's cheerful voice sent shudders threw the frightened teenager, Ariel
remembered how she'd enjoyed Wanda's attention last night and blushed with
shame.  She also remembered how she'd been beaten by this same women and feared
what was to become of her.  The word's "working girl" made Ariel feel sick to
her stomach.

Ariel felt Wanda's weight on the bed but didn't turn over, she wasn't sure if
she was more embarrassed from how she had cum last night or frightened of what
was to become of her.  Without taking her head from the pillow Ariel asked in a
weak voice, "Momma ....what's going to happen ....when can I go home".

"Now little girl you jus listen to momma Wanda ...don't you be worrying about
going home ...this be your home right now.  Don't know what Leonard have in mind
for you but right now we gotta get up and ready for the day".  With that said
Wanda gave Ariel's bare bottom a soft slap, she loved the sight of the bare ass
that was upturned to her, except for the bruises left by Leonard the skin was
white, thou the red lines of the whipping were still visible on her body.

"Git up now love girl Wanda need a shower and so does you ...we got things to
attend to this morning".

Ariel dragged herself out of bed, the clock said 7:30, as she started for the
bathroom she saw Wanda sitting on the toilet, then heard her peeing into the
bowl.  Then with a hard grunt Wanda let loose a stream of semi hard shit and
Ariel found herself leaning against the wall, her hand over her mouth as she
felt the food in her stomach start back up.  The memory of Wanda shitting on her
mother, the men pissing on her and her mother, the taste of the piss as they
relieved themselves on her, all Ariel wanted to do was throw up.

As Wanda finished she wiped herself and before she could even flush the toilet
Ariel was on her knees puking up what ever was left in her stomach.  Wanda
didn't say a word, she just turned on the shower and let it warm up.  As Ariel
gagged up the last of her vomit she opened her eyes and saw the dirty toilet
water.  The smell of shit and piss mixed with her own vomit started her dry
retching until her stomach cramped up.  Finally she slumped to the side, unable
to get anything else to come up, Wanda flushed the toilet for her, "let's go
bitch .........Wanda want her shower".  Ariel looked up at the women, trying to
figure out how she went from "honey child" or "love girl" to "bitch".  Finally
she resigned herself to trying to please this person the best she could.  Given
a choice she'd rather be Wanda's "love girl" then "bitch".

Stepping into the warm water and feeling it cascading down her body felt
wonderful to Ariel, she just stood in the stream with her face tilted up trying
to wash the foul taste of her own puke from her mouth.  "Come on girl move so
Wanda have some room".

Wanda rinsed off then handed Ariel the bar of soap, without so much as a second
thought Ariel dropped down to her knees in the stream of water and started
soaping up the dark skinned women.  She washed her feet making sure she washed
between her toes and scrubbed her toe nails, then up the muscular calves and
thighs, raising up to scrub under Wanda's arm pits and throughly soap up the
women's breasts.

Ariel knelt again and started to soap up the course hair of Wanda's bush then
soaped up her vagina until a good lather had been worked up.  Wanda stood
looking down at Ariel and smiled at how well she was doing.  She lifted her leg
so her foot rested on the shelf and without hesitation Ariel began working two
fingers between the dark lips of her pussy until they were firmly embedded
inside her.  Ariel remembered how Wanda and pleasured her the night before and
started rubbing the top of the slippery hole trying to see just how to pleasure
this person who held her life in her hands.

The exploring fingers felt good to Wanda, she reached down and placed her hand
on the back of Ariel's head and again without reluctance the white girls tongue
started to flick out and tease her large pink clit.  Wanda leaned against the
wall enjoying the sensation of being fingered and licked by this now eager
lover.

For her part Ariel tried to believe she was doing it only because she was forced
to, which was true, but she found herself becoming aroused as she serviced the
older women.  Ariel ran her free hand up over Wanda's leg feeling the texture of
her skin, how muscular it was, she even found herself enjoying the musky taste
of Wanda's pussy.  Ariel clamped her mouth around Wanda's pussy and sucked on it
even as her two fingers kept searching for that special spot she knew had to be
there, trying to get as much of the sticky fluid as she could into her mouth.

She heard Wanda's soft moans and redoubled her efforts to please her.  Now she
started to kiss the inside of Wanda's thighs, nibbling at them while continuing
to finger her clenching pussy.  Her mouth wondered all over her legs, kissing
behind her knees, Ariel even knelt down and kissed Wanda's feet as the water
swirled around them, all the while keeping her finger firmly imbedded inside
Wanda's twat.

Wanda lowered her leg and turned, as Ariel watched she bent forward so her hands
were on the shelf, then Wanda waited.  Ariel felt the water running over her,
she knew what Wanda wanted, a small part of her wanted the same thing but she
knew it was wrong, dirty and she hesitated.

"Now honey child you be wantin to please your momma don't you .....".

Ariel didn't need to be told twice, she soaped her hands up so she could wash
between her cheeks when Wanda spoke again.  "No need to be washing it first
..........my little love girl be cleaning momma Wanda's butt hole with that
tongue of yer's".  Ariel again felt total revulsion at what she was being asked
to do, she had just seen Wanda shit not more them 5 minutes ago, even through
the water had been running over her body she hadn't soaped up her crack yet.

Ariel didn't take more then a few seconds to decide to debase herself and she
reached forward and parted the firm globs of Wanda's ass.  She saw the puckered
hole, the one just used to dump her waste into the toilet.  Ariel could taste
the bile in her mouth then leaned forward and licked across the puffy entrance
to Wanda's guts.  Then she licked up the entire crack, she even lingered at the
base of Wanda's pussy to kiss it.  Then her tongue went back to Wanda's back
passage and she pushed her tongue inside as deep as she could tasting the bitter
remnants of Wanda's last meal.

She re-inserted her two fingers inside Wanda's cunt as she lavished her tongue
across and inside of her ass.  Again her free hand found itself caressing the
muscular thighs of her "momma".  Ariel knew she couldn't sink any lower then to
be kissing the unwashed butt hole of another person.

"That's enough now honey child ......time you get showered so we be able to get
started on work today".  Wanda rinsed off and allowed Ariel the privacy of the
shower stall so she could wash, shampoo and brush her teeth.  It was the first
time Ariel had been allowed anything close to having time to herself since she
and her family were attacked.  As she washed Ariel wondered about her parents,
her friends, of what they were doing.  She found her fingers lingering between
her legs, she used two fingers on either side of her clit to arouse herself,
just like Wanda had taught her to do.

"Come on now girly ........no time to be playin with yer love button right now
........we got's things to do".  Even through Ariel should have been beyond
blushing she felt her face flush hot with embarrassment at being caught touching
herself, she was disgusted with herself and quickly finished her shower.

"Don't be frettin with your hair new meat .......we got's work to do fore we get
prettied up for visitor's".   Ariel's stomach knotted with fear when she heard
the word "visitor", she knew it could only mean Pimp Daddy or men that would
come and buy sex from the women.  Quickly she dried off and used a band to put
her hair into a short pony tail, sighing at the loss of her beautiful long hair.

Wearing just the short robe Ariel followed Wanda to the community kitchen.  It
was full of women going about eating or preparing food.  Wanda was wearing only
a robe also but when she entered the room the conversation's became hushed.  "OK
now let's get breakfast done so we can get chores finished" Wanda barked at the
assembled group.  Wanda put her arm around Ariel's shoulder's and kissed her
full on the lips and pushing her tongue deep into her mouth sending a wave of
revulsion through her.  The other's watched, including the two guards that were
eating, Ariel flushed red but didn't pull away from Wanda's embrace.

The meal was finished quickly and again Ariel was tasked to clean up the dishes
and  wipe up the kitchen as Wanda watched her and drank coffee.  The food wasn't
what Ariel was used to but it was good, she hadn't realized just how hungry she
was.

Finally Ariel was taken to what was the communal front room and told to vacuum
and dust.  "Come on now new meat .......we got's to get this place in shape for
customer's.  Sure nuff you had a fancy maid or such but that don't be true no
more ......you be cleaning just like all the other whore's round here".

Ariel flinched at being called a whore, she was being forced to be here not like
these others.  What Ariel didn't understand was everyone was forced to be here,
she didn't know about how these poor immigrant women had either been tricked or
forced into the life they now led.

Everyone assembled out by the pool, the morning was warm already and the women
stripped off their robes as they prepared to for the daily exercise led by no
other then Wanda.  Most put on tube tops to keep their boobs from flopping
around, except for the small breasted ones, other then that they were naked. 
The guards lounged around drinking coffee and smoking, this was part of the day
they really enjoyed.

Wanda led the group of 25 women through a workout that would have made Jane
Fonda proud.  It went on for almost two hours and by the time they were thorough
Ariel was soaked with sweat.  Wanda made sure the girls stayed in shape, after
all this was a high class operation and rich white men wouldn't pay top dollar
to fuck flabby prostitutes.  After exercise the women swam laps in the pool,
Ariel found herself not even conscious of being naked in front of them, or the
guards.  When she realized she was enjoying the cool pool water even as the
guards looked over her young naked body she smiled for the first time since her
ordeal had started.  Strange how you could get use to things so quickly she
thought.

After everyone had dried themselves off  and put their robes on Wanda doled out
the days chores, Ariel was paired with a tall Russian women with nicely shaped C
cup breasts that swayed as she walked and dark short hair.  They were to change
the sheets in all the rooms, put clean towels out then wash the dirty linen. 
When they got to Wanda's large apartment Ariel again blushed as the women
noticed the stain's left by Wanda and Ariel the night before.

As they did the laundry the women spoke to Ariel in heavily accented English. 
Ariel explained she had been kidnaped along with her parents and raped along
with her mother then forced to come here.  The women explained how she came to
be there, two year's ago she'd been a secretary at a government office in the
Ukraine.  Her arranged marriage to an American seemed to be a god send to
someone in a poor country.  The reality of what happened to her was more then
she could have imagined in her worst nightmare.

After her initial break in and six months of fucking in a cheap dirty motel she
was finally allowed a decent bath and a weeks rest.  Then she was brought to the
apartment complex to begin working as a high paid prostitute.  She was even
allowed to go out with some of the john's on dates and stay with them overnight
at nice hotels.

Ariel asked why she didn't escape and the women, who was all of 22, looked at
her with knowing sad eyes.  "Where would I go, police no care, they just send
back home.  Worse what they do when they catch you, horrible things that make
fucking a dog seem good.   No run away, maybe someday they let go but run away
and be caught be worse then death.  No little American girl you don't try or you
find that being love girl to momma Wanda or not she make what ever happen
already seem good time to you".

Ariel now at least understood why so many nice looking women were here, and
didn't seem to mind.  The alternative was worse and she resolved to do what she
had to so she'd survive this and get home somehow.

It was late afternoon by the time they finished their work, lunch was good even
if the food was strange and Ariel found herself talking with the women.  Again
she was assigned to clean up the kitchen area as the others watched TV and did
their nails getting ready for the night's work.  Sunday wasn't that busy but all
the women knew if they weren't picked by the customer's that came in then the
black's that worked for Pimp Daddy would be allowed to use them.

"Come over here new meat time you start learnin how to pleasure the customer's
.......I got two right eager volunteers here so you be able to practice" Wanda
told her as she finished cleaning the kitchen.

The guard's flipped a coin to see who'd be first, the winner was a short stocky
coal black man with a flat face and pudgy fingers.  When he grinned at his luck
the gold capped teeth glistened in his mouth.  Ariel just stared at him not
knowing what she was exactly going to do but her pussy was still sore from the
rape of the pervious day.

He pulled down his pants right in the kitchen then sat down on a chair with his
fairly sizable cock starting to harden.  Ariel didn't need to be told what to
do, she was grateful he wasn't going to fuck her, she glanced back to the room
with the TV but the few girls still there didn't even look up at what was going
on.

Ariel dropped her robe and knelt between his legs grasping the now fully erect
penis in her hands.  Leaning forward she used the tip of her tongue to lick at
the swollen head, then started licking the underside of the shaft.  Turning her
head she licked the upper side then took the entire head into her mouth and
sucked it slowly, using her tongue to tease the underside of the head as she
did.  The man leaned back and moaned with pleasure, "Wanda she be open for
business or I be just gettin head from the slut".

Ariel winced at being called a slut by what had to be an ignorant lazy criminal,
but she kept sucking on his now rock hard cock slurping noisily and stroking the
now slick shaft with her hand.  She kept up her hand job and started sucking on
his hairy ball sack, then licked all around his groin not even stopping to spit
out the small hairs that stuck to the inside of her mouth.

"No stuffin the box right now ......jus enjoy the mouth" Wanda informed him as
she started to leave the room.  "When she done with you and Hank send her to my
room .........she don't cooperate and you call me .......don't be markin her up
lessen you want to answer to the Boss .....understand me nigger".

"Sure thing Wanda ..........I missed the party yesterday but heard it was a
beautiful thing watchen them white folks be fucked ......specially this little
piece of white ass kneelin twixt my legs ........she be a right good cock sucker
Wanda".

Ariel felt tears start to run down her checks at how he talked, these people
weren't even human at how the acted towards others.  She wanted to bite off the
testicle she was now lavishing with tender affection but knew she'd only be
worse off for it.  She continued sucking and jerking off the man until his cock
spurted a full load of cum directly into her mouth gagging her.

It was slimy and salty tasting and it felt as if her whole mouth was full of it. 
Ariel held her mouth partially open and brought her hand up as she gagged,
"don't you be wasting my good cream baby doll .....you swallow up yer desert now
so Hank can get a feel of your mouth ...Hank git in here this bitch be ready for
you".

Ariel gulped down the vile mixture, it took several attempts to get it all down,
by the time she looked up Hank had taken the seat of honor.  His cock was
shorter then the other man's but much thicker, his balls looked huge hanging
between his legs.  "That's right bitch you be lookin at Hank's big old nuts
.....they be right full of good jizz to fill dat mouth of yer's".

Ariel once again started to suck and lick the black sausage that hung before
her.  She heard several people come and go in the kitchen but no one even
thought a second about a girl kneeling and sucking off someone.  Ariel's mouth
was getting tired from working over the large cock but finally the man bellowed
out and spurted what seemed like a gallon of hot white sticky cum.

The first spurt went into her mouth but Ariel couldn't keep it all in as she
gagged on the volume of it.  The man fisted his cock and spurted his next shot
all over the upturned face of the shocked girl, then he spurted another load
onto her boobs.  Ariel felt like throwing up all over him but held it in as the
hot sticky substance clung to her body and dripped down her chest.  As the
copious amount of cum dripped down off her face onto the floor Hank said with
contempt "lick me clean and suck the rest out of my cock slut".

Ariel took the head of his deflated penis and sucked it feeling the dregs of his
seed being drawn into her already full mouth, then she swallowed the slimy
mixture.  Feeling it work its way down her throat until it sat in the pit of her
stomach.  Then he had her lick up what had dripped on the floor, but Hank wasn't
done abusing her yet.  "Now you wipe all my good goo all over yer self bitch". 
Ariel looked at him then resignedly started smearing the sticky white scum
around her face and chest.

"That's right bitch you be wipin it all over that uppity white body of yer's,
git it in your hair, go on bitch don't you be missin anywhere now" he ordered
her.  Then he had her lay back and wipe it around her vagina until it seemed her
whole body was coated with white slime.  He stood up and looked down at the
defiled girl at his feet and without even muttering a word proceeded to piss on
the prostrate teenager.

Ariel felt the hot piss strike her and rolled to the side curling up and
covering her face with her hands, Hank held his piss back, "you be on yer back
right quick you white piece of trash or I tell Wanda you bit my dick.  She beat
you up one side then down the other girl ........YOU HEAR ME YOU WHITE PIECE OF
TRASH" he shouted at her. 

Ariel rolled over so she was laying on her back looking up at the grinning
beast, her eyes wide with horror and fear of what Wanda would do if she thought
she hadn't done a good job.  "That's right you white scum bag ..........I know
you be some rich bitch but you be nothin but a piss pot to me ......spread them
legs .......wider ...git them apart and up so's I kin show you what I think of
that white snatch you got" he ordered the throughly cowed girl.

Ariel pulled her legs up, grasping the underside of her knees she pulled them
back and apart as far as she could.  Hanks started peeing again, aiming his
discharge right at Ariel's exposed crotch, Ariel couldn't help but start crying
as she felt the hot putrid urine splash against her upturned crotch, this was
the worst outrage she'd been forced to endure so far.  Hank had a full bladder
and continued to piss all over Ariel, from her crotch to her face, he took
delight in hosing her down and verbally assaulting her.  "You nothing but a piss
pot to me bitch ..... that cunt you got just a hole to piss in far as I care". 
When he finally stopped she was drenched with his piss, he had Ariel kneel so he
could wipe last few drops in her hair.

She knelt there racked with sobs as he put away his dick and laughingly told her
"ifin it wasn't for the Boss Man bitch I'd shit on you and make you stay that
way all day ...now get you ass up to Wanda's after you finish cleaning up the
mess".  He picked up Ariel's robe and tossed it into the puddle of piss then
walked away.

Ariel just stayed kneeling with the drying piss and cum coating her body with
her hands over her face crying.  Two girls came over and helped her up telling
her to go see Wanda and they'd clean up for her.  Ariel thanked them and made
her way across the courtyard naked to Wanda's apartment door grateful for the
first kindness she'd be given in what seemed like years.

Ariel knocked at the door and when Wanda answered she made a face and held her
nose.  "Damn bitch you smell like a toilet ........must be that Hank ......he do
like to have fun don't he ......now you go hose off fore you come in here girl I
don't want no piss dripping on my clean carpet.  One thing for sure new meat you
got talent ........you done finished up two head jobs in less then an hour
.....you be one good cock sucker that for sure".

Ariel hosed herself off with the cold water shivering under it until she felt
she had washed off as much of the urine and cum as she could.  When she returned
Wanda sent her to shower and fix herself "pretty like" for tonight's customers. 
Ariel washed herself throughly, thankful she again had some privacy.

Without thinking Ariel took a razor and shaved under her arms and her legs then
she looked at the thin line of hair on her pubis and the stubble that had grown
there.  Without hesitation Ariel carefully shaved her entire crotch bare making
sure she removed the stubble between her legs.  As her fingers held her lips so
she could shave she felt the warm tingle of arousal building and slowly rubbed
her clit until she felt a small orgasm run through her body.  Drying herself off
she looked at her cleanly shaven pussy then fixed her hair as best she could and
applied some light blue eye shadow, mascara, and light pink lip gloss then went
to find Wanda.




Chapter 11

"Well then new meat you done shaved yer beaver all nice and clean like
.......that be such a nice thing ......men they jus like a clean shave on there
bitches" Wanda exclaimed as Ariel entered the front room.

Ariel blushed a deep red at Wanda's comments, she didn't know why she had shaven
her cunt bare but she had.  "Thank you momma" Ariel muttered as she stood there
naked.

"Come sit down child and Wanda fix up that hair for you.  Leonard done hacked it
off kinda bad like.  Don't be worrin honey child Wanda be real good at fixin
hair".

Ariel sat on the chair as Wanda clipped at her hair, once again tears ran down
her cheeks.  Several times Wanda had threatened her with shaving her head and
Ariel prayed she wouldn't do it to her now.  "OK new meat you go in and look at
Wanda's work ...you see I be one good beautician".

Ariel looked at how Wanda had cut and shaped her hair.  She smiled as she
fiddled with it, running her hands through her short locks.  Wanda was a good
beautician, she had shaped it so it no longer was straight along the bottom but
rounded, the fact was it looked very nice.  Ariel wiped the tears from her eyes,
she had never had short hair but since it was at least it looked nice now.

"Come on girl the Doctor be here to check out the merchandise .......hurry your
ass out here" Wanda called out.

Ariel was given a short red robe with oriental designs to wear, she put on her
shoes and followed Wanda back to the kitchen and common area of the complex.  As
they entered the kitchen Ariel was stopped short as she saw the women she had
worked with laying on the table, her heels braced on the edge and her knees
spread open as a rather tall older black man dressed in a suit inspected her
cunt.  "Don't be shy new meat yer turns next" Wanda informed her.

Ariel took her place on the table after discarding her robe and lay passively
looking at the ceiling as the man snapped on rubber gloves and examined her
pussy.  He wasn't rough, he gently spread her lips and looked inside her, then
looked over the bruises on her thighs.  He asked her when her period started,
did she have any female problems and if she was on birth control and if so what
kind.  Ariel was on the pill but didn't know which one, after taking a swab the
Doctor finally announced "well she isn't torn up, just a bit tender, should be
able to start work by tomorrow I'd guess.  She's on the pill so she's not
pregnant, I'll see that new pills are delivered but it's a week before her
period so she might get that way if you start her working right away without
protection.  No problem though we can always terminate it".

Ariel shuddered with his announcement that she not only could start "work" but
they'd give her an abortion if she needed one.  With the other girls wondering
in and out of the kitchen during her examination she felt terrible
self-conscious but given what had gone on the last two days she'd learn to live
with it.

"OK then Doc .....thanks ....anything else fore you leave" Wanda asked with a
sly smile.

"Well Wanda I'd like to try out the new one's mouth .......then Nadia would be
nice for a bit" he replied with a smile.

"Sure nuff .....use my place it be much bigger".

Ariel followed the Doctor back to Wanda's apartment, it turned out the women
Ariel had done laundry with was the girl he'd chosen to have sex with.  Once
there the Doctor stripped down and lay face up on the bed, his back cock was
almost as big as Leonard's, Ariel knelt between his legs as Nadia knelt near his
head.  Ariel started stroking his cock then sucking on the head, he became hard
almost immediately.  Ariel sucked, licked and stroked his cock, she found
herself thinking how best to please him, kissing and licking his balls gently in
her warm mouth as he fingered Nadia's pussy with his fingers.

"That be one fine mouth you got their sweet meat ...........yes one fine mouth"
he commented as Ariel sucked him.

Without even thinking Ariel looked up and smiled, "thank you Doctor".

The Doctor looked at her with a questioning expression.  "You sound like an
American, don't seem to be many American born whore's here normally" he said.

Ariel didn't know what to answer, she wondered if she'd made a mistake by
talking to him, Nadia had warned her not to talk to much to the customer's when
they'd worked together during the day.  Ariel realized his cock had shrunk, she
quickly went back to sucking it hoping she hadn't done something that Wanda
would punish her for.

"Shit" was the only thing the Doctor had to say then he told her move back so
Nadia had some room.  Nadia positioned herself so she was kneeling upright
between his knees as he used the pillows to raise his head so he could watch her
masturbate herself.  Ariel watched distractedly as the tall Russian wet her
fingers and stated to play with her pussy, "you get under her girl and get her
all wet and ready for her ride" the Doctor told her.

Ariel lay down on her back with her legs dangling off the end of the bed and her
upturned face directly under the other women's pussy.  Ariel could see the pink
opening glisten with moisture then Nadia lowered herself a bit and Ariel wrapped
her arms around her thighs and pulled her face into the waiting opening.  She
tongued the pink slit without hesitation, using her tongue as Wanda had taught
her, flicking it across the pink clit, sucking it gently and then tonguing out
her open hole.  Ariel was amazed at how good Nadia smelled and tasted, not like
Wanda who had a heavy musky odor and a slightly bitter taste.  Except for
licking her mother Ariel hadn't tasted a cunt that hadn't been used by a man
before she got her mouth on it.  She enjoyed tonguing the Russian girl. 

"Nuff of that .....you climb up here women and ride old Doc to heaven".

Nadia straddled him and guided his cock into her waiting cunt, Ariel sat up and
watched as she rode the Doctor.  Ariel hadn't seen someone have sex that way
before, of course except for the scenes in the warehouse Ariel hadn't seen
anyone have sex before Saturday night.  Ariel watched with fascination as Nadia
slipped up and down the black pole, her strong thigh muscles working to raise
and lower herself.  Then she sat down fully imbedding herself on his cock,
rocking her hips then rotating them while she played with her large breasts and
nipples.  All the while she cooed and moaned like a women enjoying herself, then
the Doctor humped up and shot his wad deep into her.

Nadia stayed on his cock after he ejaculated, Ariel could see her flexing her
stomach muscles so her cunt could milk the last of his cum from his balls.  Then
she slipped off and motioned for Ariel to move to the side opposite her next to
the smiling man.  Ariel saw the cum seep out of her cunt, then Nadia bent
forward and started to lick the flaccid gleaming shaft.  She looked at Ariel
with tired eyes, "come ...help" she told her.

Ariel bent forward and started to lick the sticky penis with Nadia, they
alternated between sucking it and kissing his balls as he lay smiling on the
bed.  Ariel tasted his cum mixed with Nadia's pussy juice, she let her mind
concentrate on doing a good job of pleasing the man.  She followed Nadia's lead
in cooing and purring as they cleaned him up.

Finally the Doctor raised up "that was good .....real good, I'll tell Wanda you
two done a good job on old Doc.  Now I got to get going, be back in a week or so
then I'll try you out sweet meat" he said patting Ariel on the head like a small
child.

After he left Nadia went to the shower and washed her pussy out using one of 
the disposal douche's that Wanda seemed to have in abundance.  Ariel just sat on
the bed and sobbed quietly, the realization dawned on her that she had just
performed her first act of prostitution.

Nadia came out and joined her one the bed, pushing her back onto the sheets and
kissing her softly on the lips.  "No cry .......we make pleasure for each other
now".  Nadia's hand slipped between the soft folds of Ariel's pussy rubbing
along the slit gently.  Her finger rubbed Ariel's clit softly as their tongues
met.  Their bodies pressed against each other, Ariel found her hand going
between Nadia's legs, first stroking her soft lips then working her finger
between the moist folds to tease her clit then pushing one finger inside her now
wet hole.

Nadia moved down Ariel's slim body, sucking her nipples which caused Ariel to
wince as they were still quite sore.  Nadia kissed them softly then moved down
between her legs, kissing her thighs then kissing her cleanly shaven pussy,
"nice .......no hair very nice" Nadia said then as she sucked on Ariel's clit.

Nadia moved so they were in the 69 position, with her on top, Ariel probed her
soft pussy with her tongue, fingering her clit then sucking it as she pushed two
fingers gently into her.  She explored the inside of the soft wet tunnel until
she found the spot she was looking for then rubbed in gently.  Nadia moaned into
her pussy and pushed her own finger deep inside the warm moist cave and returned
the favor to Ariel.

Without thinking Ariel parted the other women's cheeks and started licking her
asshole, tasting the slightly dirty taste of it.  She allowed generous amounts
of salvia to leak from her mouth so the hole was wet then she pushed her pink
tongue inside.  Ariel found Nadia's neither hole to be fairly tight, not
puckered out as much as Wanda's, it was a dark pink ring of  flesh not black
like Wanda's.  She found herself enjoying tonguing the other women and
alternated between that hole and Nadia's pussy.

Nadia also started licking Ariel's dark tight pink ring, she lubricated it with
her tongue then slowly inserted her index finger deep inside what had been an
unviolated part of her body.  Ariel arched up, groaning out in both pleasure and
horror as she realized what was being done to her.  Ariel had feared the threats
of being sodomized, she had seen her mother screaming in pain as they'd taken
her there.  Now she found the feeling pleasurable, she couldn't believe she was
doing these acts voluntarily.  She wasn't being forced to be with Nadia, she
could have said no but she wanted to be with her, she liked pleasuring the other
women and enjoyed what was being done to her.

The two young women continued with there love making, they become more feverish
in there endeavors to pleasure each other.  Their moans became louder, more
passion filled as they fingered and tongued each other's cunt's and ass's. 
Nadia had one finger embedded deep in Ariel's butt hole moving it up and back,
two other fingers were enthusiastically fucking her now sopping box.  Ariel
followed suit, she mimicked the other women's movements until they were both
sweat soaked and oblivious to anything going on around them.

Wanda had wondered where the two were, she opened the door to her apartment to
find them both entwined on the bed to preoccupied with each other and their own
pleasures to know she was watching.  Wanda felt herself becoming aroused, the
two white women were both in a world of pleasure, far removed from being two
captives in a house of prostitution.  Wanda felt a tinge of jealousy at how
Ariel was pleasuring Nadia without inhibition. Of course Wanda knew the girls
entertained each other when not occupied with customers, she didn't mind since
she enjoyed their company herself.  Of course she knew most of them served her
because of fear, but with each other it was because of affection if not love. 
Somewhere deep inside herself Wanda wished they would be with her through mutual
attraction rather then fear, she hoped that Ariel would give herself to her that
way.  With a sigh Wanda left them alone to enjoy each other as she saw to her
daily duties.

Both women had multiple orgasm's together, anyone passing by the door could hear
the deep guttural moan of pleasure that was Nadia's signature sound.  The higher
pitched squeal announcing Ariel's orgasm could be heard easily outside the door. 
After an hour each one was totally exhausted, they lay in each other's arms,
their hair matted down from sweat and the room scented with female secretions. 
Finally they both showered together, washing each other's bodies, enjoying
texture of the smooth skin under their fingers.  With a deep kiss the two
parted, Nadia knew she had to get back to work, Ariel redid her hair and makeup,
dressing in her robe and shoes she went back to the kitchen to find Wanda.

As she entered Wanda was talking on her cell phone, when she saw Ariel she
smiled and quickly finished her conversation.  "Well it done look like my love
girl all happy and freshly washed up .....don't it" Wanda said with a touch of
humor in her voice.  "You done real good girl ...the Doctor said he be comin
back real soon to try you out .........though I suspect you to sore to work on
your back that mouth of yer's be all ready ........ain't it", this time Wanda's
voice held a tint of threat to it.

Ariel blushed deep red, she knew Wanda had guessed what had been going on in her
apartment.  Looking at the clock she realized they'd been gone for over an hour. 
Grinning sheepishly Ariel finally answered, "I'm ..........well......a bit sore
momma but it's up to you".

"Good girl now you be sittin down in there with the other's and Wanda find a
nice one for you to start with".  As Ariel turned to go into the lounge Wanda
called out to her, "listen Doc was a bit surprised at you being an American
girl", hearing Wanda's words Ariel felt a frigid chill run through her body,
turning quickly "momma I just said thank you nothing more ...............really
he just complimented me on the blow job that's all" Ariel responded with fear in
her voice.

"I understand girl .......don't you be worrin bout it, I done explained to Doc
that you jus be down on yer luck and all .......jus you be careful what you say
to people round here.  Case you don't know it girl the rooms are bugged and if
you be talkin out of school there be another place ........not so nice as this
one you be workin in if you don't behave" Wanda warned her strenly.

"Don't worry momma air head be careful what she say", Ariel didn't even realize
her English had just taken a step down from her normal speech.  Wanda didn't
miss how Ariel spoke, smiling broadly Wanda came over and kissed Ariel softly on
the lips, "don't be worrin my little love girl ...........you be good and momma
Wanda take care of you reeeal good now".   Ariel returned the kiss, which
surprised Wanda, then the 19 year old formally upscale young woman went into the
lounge to wait for her first "date".

Wanda took a few minutes to explain how to act, "just like Nadia did with the
Doc ....you make them same sounds you did with her and everything going to be
fine girl".  Ariel looked away blushing, she now knew that Wanda had heard her
with Nadia.  "Don't be blushing and all girl ...it be fine what you two did
.....Wanda don't mind sharing her love girl" she informed her as she hugged her
shoulder affectionately.  Wanda explained how to fit a condom on a man just as
she finished sucking him, having her practice on one of the guards.  Ariel again
felt humiliated to be forced to kneel in the kitchen sucking the large black
guard then fitting a condom on him but quickly got the knack of it.  "I teach
you how to hold it in yer mouth and slide it on tomorrow girl .........right now
you just do it this away".  With her "formal" training now complete Ariel joined
the other women.

All the women sitting around were attractive, like any group of females some
were prettier then others, some looked sexier, others simply had bigger boobs. 
What ever it is that drives men to buy sex they could find it here.  Unlike the
women Ariel had seen at the warehouse none of them were made up in the cheap
makeup or attire they had worn.  Each one had their hair styled nicely,
attractive makeup, much like you'd put on for a date and wore expensive lingerie
and high heels.  Some had on garter belts and stockings, other's sexy teddies,
while some wore bras and panties covered only by short filmy robes.  After all
this wasn't a cheap motel but a high class house of prostitution for well to do
men.

When Ariel had first seen the lounge she had thought it strange at how well
furnished it was but now understood why.  The men sometimes sat at the bar
having a drink before selecting a "date" as Wanda referred to it.  They weren't
rushed into purchasing anything, after all the money from liquor sales was a
high profit item.  The TV was on but unlike during the day it usually had on a
sports game for the men to watch if they wanted to.

Wanda was a good salesperson, within an hour she had convinced a distinguished
looking man to purchase her along with an oriental girl.  As soon as they
entered the room Ariel saw the small dark haired oriental discard her robe and
shoes and head for the bathroom.  Unsure of what to do Ariel slipped her's off
and started towards the bathroom also.  "No ....you sucky me be right in" her
partner told her.

Ariel turned to see the man had disrobed and was laying on the bed just as the
Doctor had been.  She crawled between his legs and took his semi hard penis in
her hand and started, what she now felt was her normal routine, of sucking and
stroking him.  The man's penis became hard very quickly, except for her father
and boyfriend Ariel hadn't seen a white penis before.  She found it tasted a bit
salty, he was circumcised, something the two guard's she'd serviced hadn't been.

The other prostitute returned to the bedroom and started working over the man's
balls with her tongue.  Ariel looked over the girl's body, she had very small
breasts with dark brown nipples and almost no pubic hair.  Then man reached over
and started fingering both girls pussies, Ariel flinched as his fingers moved
along her swollen lips.  "Looks like you're a bit sore honey, but you have a
wonderful mouth" he said.

This time Ariel didn't thank him, she just continued to service him as best she
could.  The other girl pushed her away from the man's now hard penis, skillfully
slid a condom down over him and mounted him just as Nadia had done to the
Doctor.  Ariel watched as this slim women bounced up and down on the man's stiff
cock, she even was able to turn herself around so she was facing his feet
without his penis being removed from her pussy.  All the while she kept up a
soft murmuring whine that sounded exotic to Ariel.

Ariel moved towards the man's face and started to kiss him, his face grimaced at
her attempt and he pushed her away from him, "shit I don't want your face
anywhere near me .....finger your cunt for me" he ordered her.

Ariel was insulted, he'd pushed her away as if she had some disease, Ariel
hadn't learned that men don't kiss prostitutes, even high class ones, just as
they didn't go down on them.  Ariel leaned back and started rubbing her clit as
the man watched.  Finally he reached forward and pushed Ariel's companion off
him.  He positioned her so she was kneeling with her ass up in the air, then
ordered Ariel to lay on her back and have the other girl lick her.

Ariel laid down and felt the soft tongue of the girl start to lick at her sex,
she was looking up at the man's grinning face as he shoved his cock back into
the waiting hole and started fucking the kneeling girl hard and fast.  Each
thrust pushed her face into Ariel's crotch, he continued to fuck her body,
slapping her small butt as he did so.  Ariel heard the sound of his hand
smacking her butt, his spanking quickened as he fucked her faster.  Ariel felt a
warm tear hit her bare pussy.  Finally amid the groans of the girl and the
grunting of the man Ariel saw his face tighten, then he plunged deep inside her
and shot his load.

He slumped back against the headboard and the girl quickly went to the bathroom
to fetch a warm wet towel.  As Ariel continued to lay on her back watching she
deftly removed the rubber and washed off the man's shrunken penis.  He allowed
her to clean him then he quickly got up and dressed, leaving the two women alone
in the room

Ariel was shooed off the bed and the girl quickly wrapped the condom in a tissue
then motioned for Ariel to help her make the bed.  The girl didn't speak to her,
they tided up the room and after a quick douche and rinsing out their mouths
with mouth wash they donned their cloths and shoes went back to the lounge.

The oriental didn't speak to Ariel, she just went back to the couch and sat
down.  Ariel didn't know what to do, Wanda, who was dressed for the evening in a
very nice black evening dress told her to serve drinks to the men as the came
in, and to make sure she filled out a ticket for each one.  As Ariel served
drinks some of the men actually engaged her in brief conversations as their
hands roamed freely up under her short robe, at first she was very self
conscious about how she was dressed but she found she got use to it quickly. 
She found herself thinking about how such an intimate act between two people
could be turned into something so cheap.  Throughout the night Ariel kept a
bright smile on her face no matter where the men touched her or how she actually
felt about being eyed like an animal, she vowed she would do what she had to so
she wouldn't be punished again.

Wanda could only convince one other customer to purchase Ariel's mouth that
evening, again she was paired with another women.  It was pretty much what she'd
done the first time except she didn't make the mistake of trying to kiss the
man.  The night crept by slowly with Ariel serving drinks and being felt up by
her "customer's".  At 2:00 A.M. Ariel's first night working as a prostitute
ended and she returned to Wanda's apartment.  Thankfully Wanda was still busy so
Ariel was allowed to sleep without having to service her that night.

Monday and Tuesday were almost a carbon copy of what Ariel had done on Sunday
night, she served drinks to customer's while they decided on who to be with and
Wanda was successful in selling Ariel's oral skills to several men on both
nights.  Ariel was sickened by having to provide oral sex to who ever was
willing to pay but the fear of what would be done to her if she didn't do as she
was told overcame any reluctance on her part.

By Wednesday morning Ariel had become quite proficient in not only oral sex with
men but with women also.  Each morning she awoke and pleasured Wanda in any
manner she wished.  Wanda had Ariel use the vibrator in her ass and had an
orgasm as it hummed away deep inside her as Ariel provided oral satisfaction to
her twat.  After breakfast and exercise Ariel helped the other women in doing
housecleaning chores wearing just her robe. 

The only difference was that several black's visited the apartment complex that
afternoon.  They simply went up to whomever the wanted and took the girl to an
empty apartment and used her for what they wanted.   Ariel feared she would be
chosen but she wasn't for some reason, when the selected girl was finished they
simply went back to working at what they'd been assigned to do as if nothing had
happened.  Ariel was becoming use to this total lack privacy they endured and
that what should have been an intimate act between two people that cared for
each other was now something to be engaged in at someone else's whim.

The day finally turned into night and everyone prepared for work.  Ariel
showered and fixed her hair, applied makeup and red nail polish to her finger
and toe nails.  Wanda hadn't had much time for her during the day, Ariel had
helped prepare lunch and dinner with two of the other girl's but otherwise
hadn't been told what she would be doing that night.  Finally when everyone was
assembled in the lounge Ariel was taken aside by Wanda.

"OK new meat you be ready for work now .....don't be shy you seen how it done
........just be smilin a lot and don't waste no time .....git um in ........get
um up and drain um as quick as you can.  Make sure you take the rubber out and
throw it away in the kitchen .......don't want them layin around the room
...........looks bad ......these boy's think they the only one that be with you
this night" Wanda laughingly told Ariel as she stood listening to her duties.

Then in a stern voice Wanda warned Ariel on last time, "don't you even be
thinkin bout saying anything to these dudes ........you try dat and you be
wishin that you be back in the warehouse fuckin again ..........you here me
child". 

Ariel felt fear grip her stomach, "yes momma .....new meat don't talk
.........promise momma I be a good girl" Ariel answered her.  Her mind flashed
back to what Nadia had told her about anyone trying to escape, and that having
sex with a dog would be better then what would be done to you.  She shuddered at
the thought of it.  Ariel knew she wouldn't try asking someone to help her.

"OK then new meat we understand each other .......momma take care of her love
girl .......just don't you be messin with me.  Now you be open for business as
of now ........don't be worrin I just be sellin yer snatch and mouth tonight
.....now you be gettin back with the other's".  Wanda hugged Ariel and kissed
her mouth softly then patted her butt.  As Ariel made her way back she felt
nauseous at the thought that she was being sold like some animal.  As she sat
waiting she wondered how long it would be before Wanda would make all of her
body available to men for sex.

Her first john was a tall 25 year old blonde that was in the state on business. 
The expensive hotel he was staying at steered him to Leonard's establishment,
for which he kicked back a small percentage of what the man spent.  He looked
around the room taking in the display of merchandise.  Wanda had the girl's line
up as he went down the line inspecting each of them, this was the third time
Ariel had been lined up for a potential customer.  The first two times she
wasn't picked and she felt a wave of anger sweep over her as she was passed by,
this time she wasn't.

"That be a good pick there Sir .....just come over here and will take care of
some details and then you can go enjoy yourself" Wanda informed him.  He quickly
returned and took Ariel by the arm and guided her towards one of the unoccupied
apartments.  Once inside Ariel wasn't sure what to do, the man quickly undressed
and laid on the bed waiting for Ariel, "hey come on I don't have all damn
night".

Ariel felt her face flush, but it wasn't in shame it was anger at how he had
spoken to her.  She quickly dropped her robe got a warm wash cloth and wiped
down his gentiles with it as Wanda had told her to do.  As she bent over to
start sucking his cock Ariel smiled at how small it was compared to some of the
other's she'd seen, it was only 6" hard and not that big around.  He was a
natural blonde and fairly good looking, Ariel wondered if he actually knew the
high price he paid for them was super inflated over what a black would pay for
the same women.

She knelt down and started sucking his limp penis, she easily took it all in her
mouth and sucked it with all the skill she'd learned in her limited time being a
whore.  He finally became hard and Ariel stroked his thin cock then took a
condom from the drawer and fitted it over him, she was going to climb on top of
him when he grabbed her hair and pulled her down onto her back.

He shoved her legs apart and climbed between them shoving his cock fully into
her unprepared vagina in one swift jab.  Ariel cried out in pain as he pushed
roughly inside her, she was still sore from the rapes and the only lubrication
was supplied by the condom itself.  He didn't seem to care, he hammered cock
deep inside Ariel's sore pussy.  She cried out and arched her back as she was
impaled on his cock, she felt tears well up but he didn't stop.  He grasped her
breasts and squeezed them roughly, pinching her nipples causing waves of pain to
wash through her chest as her nipples were still sore from the pins and rough
handling of Saturday.

Ariel kept her eyes tightly clamped shut trying to keep from crying out at how
she was being used.  Finally with a final lunge he came inside her, laying on
top of her for a few minutes before getting up.  The pulled off the used rubber
and tossed it on the heaving girls stomach then quickly dressed and left.  Ariel
lay there crying softly feeling the sticky condom leaking out onto her stomach. 
In some ways it was worst then being raped in the warehouse, there they knew she
was unwilling and had to force her.  He had paid for the privilege of having sex
with her, he was rough because HE wanted to hurt her.  He was a white affluent
businessman, not some ignorant criminal bent on taking a woman by force.  Ariel
laid there sobbing quietly until a knock on the door startled her.  "Let's go
sweet meat get cleaned up you can't lay there all night" a guard called out to
her.

Ariel got out of bed and wrapped the used rubber in tissue so she could throw it
away in the kitchen, just as Wanda had told her to do.  Then she made the bed
and quickly fixed her makeup, rinsed her mouth out and douched herself before
getting dressed, then she looked at herself in the mirror to check her
appearance.  She couldn't believe she'd just performed sex for money, then
sighing she returned to the lounge.  Ariel found some wine to drink and passed
the time watching TV as men came and went during the night.

Twice more she was selected before she was allowed to return to Wanda's
apartment.  The next man was at least 60 and Ariel had lavished an untold amount
of time on the older gentleman until he finally ejaculated a small amount of
watery semen into her tired mouth.  He left her a $50 tip and thanked her
graciously for her time.  Ariel wasn't sure what to do with the money so she
gave it to Wanda.  "You be one good little girl there Anne ...we just keep this
between ourselves .....understand" Wanda told her with a wink.

Ariel looked at Wanda trying to figure out who she was talking to, "hey I think
Anne be a right better name then Ariel ......don't you" she said kissing her on
the cheek.  Ariel smiled weakly back at her, "you know best momma".

Her third customer of the night was also an older man, around her father's age. 
He didn't talk much and wasn't rough with Ariel.  Ariel had discovered by
talking to the other girl's that you were supposed to go into the bathroom and
put some KY into your pussy for lubrication before you went to work.  With this
new found knowledge Ariel was able to take the man's average size cock inside
her without to much discomfort.  It didn't exactly feel good as he used her but
at least it didn't hurt, she earned another $30 tip from this date which she
gave to Wanda.

It was past 1:00 A.M. when she finally was allowed to return to Wanda's
apartment, shower brush her teeth and fall asleep in Wanda's bed.  There was a
second bedroom there but she didn't even think about using it.

Sometime in the early morning hours Wanda came in and joined her.  When she woke
up in the morning Wanda was asleep next to her with her arms around her.  Ariel
laid there quietly until Wanda woke up around 6:30 A.M.  "Well there how's my
little girl ...........not to bad last night was it" Wanda asked sleepily.

"It was fine momma .........OK I guess but ...." Ariel let her voice trail off
as Wanda put her arm around her shoulders.  Ariel didn't know what to say, she'd
spent the night having sex with strangers, doing things that she only thought
would be done by someone she cared about.

"That be OK sweet meat momma make you feel real good this morning", with that
Wanda started kissing Ariel passionately on the lips.  Ariel returned the kiss
and opened her mouth to accept the probing tongue pushing her body tightly
against her "lover". 

Wanda moved her thigh between Ariel's legs and massaged it against her crotch,
Ariel closed her own smaller thighs tightly around Wanda's leg and moaned softly
into her mouth as she humped Wanda's thigh.  Ariel didn't think about what she
was doing, she just allowed herself to enjoy what ever pleasure she could find
in this hellish life she found herself in. 

The two remained in bed for over an hour with each pleasuring and being
pleasured by the other without either one having to talk.  Wanda licked Ariel's
tight bum hole then used her index finger to probe it deeply, just as Nadia had. 
Then she started to insert a second finger and Ariel murmured a soft "please
.........it hurts some".

Wanda moved so she was holding the girl close to her face and kissed her softly
then whispered in her ear.  "Honey child you just relax and let Wanda put them
in you .....just press down like you needin to shit OK.  You best be knowin that
Leonard be comin for you ......don't know when since he left town for a bit but
I knows he gonna want your booty when he does girl".  Ariel looked at her
quizzically.

Wanda gave a short laugh and smiled, "booty girl ......you know your butt hole. 
I knows he gonna want it child no matter what you want.  Now he be one hung
nigger girl .......I knows cause he done me that way plenty of times when I jus
a workin girl.  You let Wanda get you ready girl and it not be so bad
........understand me child".  Ariel felt her eyes become watery, she never
actually thought of Wanda being a "working girl", she couldn't picture her being
controlled by anyone.  She smiled softy at this woman that, for all intents and
purposes was her only link to being treated decently right now.  "OK momma
..........what ever you say" she replied softly.

Ariel was positioned on her back with a pillow under the small of her back and
her legs drawn up so her ass was accessible.  Wanda took her time with the first
finger slowly sliding it inside Ariel's tight neither hole, then rolling her
wrist in a slow circular motion to stretch the tight muscle of her small opening
as she drooled spittle around her finger to add lubrication.  Wanda inserted a
second finger after she'd coated it with a generous amount of KY.  "That's it
sweet meat ......relax .......push back now .....that's right girl you be
relaxing and let momma open up that booty hole real nice now.

Ariel moaned out with a mixture of pleasure and loathing at what was being done
to her.  On one hand she dreaded the thought of having a cock shoved up her
backside, any cock let alone one as large as Pimp Daddies.  Yet it felt good to
have a finger inside her, as usual Wanda was right about relaxing and bearing
down as if she was going to the bathroom, it allowed the second finger to join
the first without much discomfort.  She felt full and stretched but it wasn't
painful.

After several minutes with two fingers buried up to her knuckles inside her ass
Wanda started working the third finger into Ariel's tight rectum.  "Ahhhhhhh
........momma ......." Ariel moaned at this new intrusion.  She tried to relax
but her butt hole burned with the increased stretching.

"Now you be rollin over and get up on yer knees sweet meat so it be easier for
us both".  Ariel felt the fingers pop out of her, she rolled over and positioned
herself on her knees, resting her forehead on her hands.  "Now you be shovein
that butt high up and spread them knees girl so Wanda have a good opening".

"Oh god" Ariel softly muttered but she positioned her body as Wanda instructed
her to. Wanda parted the soft white globs of Ariel's cheeks then reinserted two
fingers.  A soft "Ummmmm" escaped Ariel's lips as she spread her knees further
apart and tried to relax for what she knew was coming next.

After several more down strokes with two fingers Wanda started working a third
up inside the now relaxed opening.  Wanda wet the fingers of her free hand with
spit and manipulated Ariel's clit as the three digit's made there way into her
rear passage.  "Ohhhhhhhh ..........ahhhhh .....momma ........" Ariel murmured
as she arched her back and pushed back against the intruding fingers.

Wanda watched how the hole puckered out as she pulled her fingers out, then
pushed in as she slid the greased digits completely inside the widening opening
until her knuckles were against the clenching muscle.  "God please ............I
can't ............momma" Ariel whispered into the crumpled sheets.  Wanda's
fingers tugging at her clit sent jolts of pleasure up into the pit of Ariel's
stomach while the ever present fingers made her feel as if she had to take a
gigantic shit.

"You relax no honey child I be real gentle with my love girl" Wanda purred. 
After 10 minutes Wanda had managed to work all three fingers into Ariel's
upturned bottom.  Then she started turning her hand, the fingers rotated inside
Ariel's tight rectum and she tightened up.  "Don't be fighten it girl
......relax now .........just relax for momma".

Ariel forced herself to relax as Wanda continued to roll her hand from right to
left then back again.  Ariel was becoming accustomed to the intrusion and the
sensations of pleasure from being masturbated started to mingle with the
sensation of having something being pushed up her ass.  "Oh ............ohhhh
.......uhhhhh .........." Ariel sighed as she started to enjoy what was being
done to her.  The burning sensation ended and now Ariel started to really enjoy
the feeling of Wanda's fingers moving inside her sensitive anal tract.

Then Wanda pulled out her finger's with and a wet sounding fart fluttered out of
Ariel's expanded back passage.  "OH God" Ariel exclaimed in shame as she fell
onto her stomach, she felt empty now that the fingers had been removed but the
tingle left in her empty back tunnel felt surprisingly good to the panting
aroused girl.

With a soft slap on Ariel's upturned cheek Wanda told her "you be up on them
knees honey child we not even half through yet" she informed her pupil.

"What else ............." Ariel said more to herself then to Wanda as she got
back up on her knees.  She felt Wanda leave the bed but didn't watch her.  She
kept her eyes tightly clamped shut, feeling totally helpless again but knew
better then to question what she was told to do.  She remained kneeling with her
head down and her ass up in the air, she felt the opening to her bowels
twitching from all the attention it had received and felt horribly exposed in
this position.  Not since the warehouse had she felt so vulnerable.

Wanda quickly found what she wanted, she fixed a harness around her waist with a
7" dildo attached.  She liberally coated the phallus with KY then returned to
the bed, she looked over her love girl with her upturned ass waiting to be
taken.  Climbing onto the bed she placed the head of the fake cock against
Ariel's opening.

Wanda moved the head of the dildo lower and slowly pushed it inside Ariel's
pussy.  "Oh ......oh ...ummmmm" Ariel cooed as she felt the well greased object
being slowly pushed inside her.

"My love girl enjoy that now does she" Wanda asked as she reached around and
started to play with Ariel's clit.

"Yes ........yes momma it feels good".  Ariel couldn't believe she was enjoying
being fucked by the fake cock, let alone by a woman, Wanda's fingers continued
to rub her now engorged clit and the feeling of the plastic dick moving inside
her brought Ariel to higher heights of arousal.

Wanda pulled out the dildo and applied some more KY then again positioned it at
the entrance to Ariel's ass.  "Now you be taken a deep breath girl ..........as
I push in you let it out and relax and push back you hear me".

"Yes momma" Ariel answered resignedly, her voice quivering with fear as she felt
the head of the penis pushed against her still tight opening.  Ariel had felt
how large the object was when it had been used on her pussy and prayed silently
Wanda would be as gentle as she could.  Ariel braced herself for the pain of
being entered as she still felt that her anal canal was to small to accept what
had felt like a huge cock being used on her.

Wanda held the dildo with one hand and pushed Ariel's quivering cheeks apart
with the other.  "Now here we go girl .....just member that momma had bigger
things then this up her butt hole .....so don't be worrin bout being hurt
......you jus follow what I say and it be as good as it can" Wanda told the
quaking girl.

Ariel forced herself to relax, it seemed an eternity to her as she braced
herself to be impaled on what she thought was to big to fit up her tight ass. 
Wanda wasn't being mean spirted by taking her time, she wanted to allow Ariel to
relax and become accustomed to the larger dildo.  She wanted Ariel to enjoy this
and didn't want to hurt her intentionally, the dildo wasn't more then three
inches in diameter and Wanda new it wouldn't hurt that much.  Wanda had become
emotionally attached to Ariel and wanted her to enjoy this not be injured.

Finally Wanda pressed forward, the head enlarged Ariel's opening "oh god
...........oh god .....oh ..oh ..oh" Ariel gasped as the tight muscle
surrounding her anal opening expanded to accept the invading monster.  "Just
breath in and out honey child it be in soon .... you just pretend you havin a
child and breath like that" Wanda assured her.  Then she inched her hips forward
and the crown of the cock slid inside the ring dilating the opening.

"Jesus God .......it hurts .......it burns momma ......it to big .......it won't
fit momma" Ariel cried out in both surprise and pain.  "Just hush now honey
child it be alright now" Wanda assured the panting frightened girl who was
breathing in rapid gulps of air.  Then with small gentle thrusts of her hips
Wanda started worked the cock inside Ariel's virgin hole.

"Oh momma ..........oh ...........hurts ............full ............momma its
.........oh god .....it's sliding inside me" Ariel babbled on surprised at how
it felt to have something pushed up inside her where she never imagined
something would ever be put.

"God it hurts ........oh momma .........oh ...oh ......yes ....oh yes
.......please ..........it's to big" Ariel continued with her almost incoherent
chattering as Wanda continued to work the plastic dong deeper inside her body. 
"Momma it's going in ..........oh ....oh god it's so big ........god it's so big
momma" Ariel gasped out as Wanda worked the entire 7" length of the dildo up
inside her tight hole.

Once fully inside Wanda waited a few minutes before pulling it out half way then
slid it back inside the ever expanding cavity with a solid gentle slow downward
motion.  Once she was seated again fully inside the grimacing young woman she
waited for several seconds before repeating the process.  With each continued
journey into the once unused passage Ariel became accustomed to the length and
girth of the plastic invader.  Wanda proceeded to repeat the in then out again
process until she sensed Ariel's body acceptance of being sodimized, then
started to speed up her thrusts.

"Yes .........full ......hurts ........momma hurts ...........good
...........momma hurts so good ......mmmmmm ....oh ....oooooohhhhhh" Ariel now
cooed with sexual arousal as she was butt fucked for the first time.  Ariel's
body started to shine with sweat, Wanda watched with fascination as the dildo
disappeared then reappeared from the depths of Ariel's innards, pulling the once
tiny ring outward, then pushing it inside.  Wanda felt herself becoming more
aroused as she fucked the 19 year old, the end of the dildo titillated her clit
as she pushed forward burying the fake cock into the now writhing young woman
again and again.

Ariel could feel the entire length slide up inside the sensitive lining of her
rectum, then the cramping of her guts as it found it's way almost inside her
lower intestines.  The throbbing of her tight sphincter no longer felt painful,
Ariel was finding the slow thrusts sending powerful jolts of arousal throughout
her lower body.  "Yes ...oh .......uhhhhhh ......yes ........oh yes momma".

"More ...........more ......faster .............FASTER" Ariel begged as she
pushed back so she was now assisting in being fucked.  Her tight opening had
become acclimated to the size of the dildo and the burning sensation changed
from discomfort to just feeling strange then to sexual arousal.  As the dildo
slid deeper into her rectum Ariel felt full, uncomfortable, yet the fullness was
accompanied by one of pleasure.  As its girth expanded her yielding flesh on the
downward stroke Ariel sucked in a lung full of air.  As it was withdrawn she
exhaled fully, she continued with her deep breathing and started to welcome the
deep penetration of her bowels.

Wanda reached down and grabbed Ariel's slim hips and started humping faster,
increasing not only her speed but how forcefully she bottomed out inside the now
willing girl's waste chute.  Wanda's pelvis smacked against the upturned cheeks
sounding like a flesh drum marking the bottoming out of the plastic lover being
imbedded inside Ariel, who was bucking back, fingering her own clit in a sexual
frenzy.

"Yes ......ohhh ........ahhhh ......yes ...yes ...YES .............more
..........momma ............MOMMA" Ariel cried out with ecstasy as she spread
open her own cunt lips so she could finger her clit harder.  "Now
............yes ...............NOW ....AHHHHHHHhhh" Ariel howled out her head
now thrown back as a powerful orgasm shook her body and Wanda buried the fake
cock deep inside her.

Wanda's strong hands gripped Ariel's slim hips with all her strength, her
fingernails dug deep into her flesh but the pain only magnified the orgasm Ariel
was having.  Wanda felt the flood of pleasure fill her as she kept the dildo
fully ensconced in the twitching hole as she undulated her hips so her clit was
stimulated by the end of the dong attached around her hips.  Finally an orgasm
pulsed through her and she too cried out in pleasure.

Wanda pulled Ariel back so she was seated on her lap, her bung hole still
speared by the thick plastic penis.  Wanda sat on her haunches trying to catch
her breath, she saw the dark red indentations left by her fingernails along
Ariel's flanks.  Both women sat panting, to weak to move or speak.  Wanda looked
down on the kneeling girl, for the first time in her life she felt pity for
someone that had been forced into working for her and Leonard.  But she also
felt something more, an affection for the young girl that yearned for her to
remain with her.

Finally Wands patted Ariel softly on her thigh, "come one honey child we best be
gettin washed up".

For her part Ariel wished only to lay still and go back to sleep.  She was tired
and even if the object still firmly planted up inside her felt strange she
enjoyed the fullness of it.  As Wanda started to withdraw it Ariel moaned with
in both relief and pleasure.  As it slid out of her she felt empty and as the
head popped out a resonant fart escaped the now open hole between her cheeks.

"Oh god" Ariel muttered, she felt ashamed at having done such a appalling thing
in front of someone.

Wanda laughed at the girl's lament, "don't be frettin honey child it be normal
and all, now let's git ourselves showered up and all".  Again Wanda playfully
slapped Ariel's upturned ass then got off the bed.

Ariel rolled over and saw the plastic cock bobbing from between Wanda's thighs,
her face screwed up with horror as the once flesh colored penis was smeared with
her shit.  Then Ariel felt the overwhelming urge to void her bowels sweep over
her.  "Oh no .....damn" she cried out and scurried off the bed clutching her
bottom so she wouldn't crap on the floor.

Wanda's laughter followed her to the bathroom where she barely had time to sit
before a loose stream of shit poured out of her with an accompanying fart that
caused her to hide her face in her hands as she sat on the toilet.  Ariel felt
another powerful gush from her distended rectal opening and the water splashed
up onto her butt.  Ariel sat on the toilet bent over hiding her face as she
continued to void herself and pee.

She knew Wanda was standing in the bathroom as the shower had started, she
couldn't look at her, she was mortified at how she sounded going to the toilet. 
Though she used the toilet in front of Wanda every morning Ariel still felt
humiliated by performing this private act in front of someone.  "Don't you be
worrin bout it sweet meat .....next time we give you a good washin out fore we
do it .....that way you don't be needin to jump up so quick to take a dump
..........also it be a lot less messy for the one given" Wanda added laughing
again".  "Men jus love to stick it in but then git all mad at havin their dick
all shit stained ..........anyway it better to be flushed out so you don't make
a mess in the bed ifin you can't git up quick nuff.  Now on child you be cleanin
yerself fore the nights work git started OK".

Ariel wiped herself tenderly, then looked up at Wanda and with a weak smile and
replied, "OK momma I ........well .........you show me what to do momma and I
will".  As she answered Wanda she couldn't take her eyes off the large cock
still jutting out from Wanda's crotch.  She couldn't believe she had that whole
thing stuffed up inside her and the thick brown stains on it made her stomach
heave.

"Let's go child we got to eat and we got's work to do".

Ariel joined Wanda in the shower, washing off the dildo trying not to think
about how she'd used it on Wanda's pussy and her mouth on several occasions. 
She soaped Wanda up and as she leaned against the wall with her leg on the shelf
Ariel proceeded to pleasure her to yet another orgasm.  Ariel worked her tongue
and fingers with as much skill as she could, she found herself enjoying
servicing Wanda's sexual needs.

By Friday morning Ariel, or Anne as everyone called her now had been a working
prostitute for five days.  Each day started the same, she and Wanda made love,
ate breakfast together then each went about there individual chores.  Ariel
helped clean the complex with the other girls, exercised, painted her toe nails
and if needed serviced the men that chose her company for the time it took. 

The bruises had completely gone away and her pussy wasn't sore any more.  Her
ass was sore for a day after being introduced to sex by Wanda but that too
passed.  Ariel found she enjoyed the company of several of the other girls
besides Nadia but found that with Wanda she felt safe, a feeling of being cared
for that she didn't find with the other women.  With Nadia she felt an entirely
different set of emotions, something inside her made her want to remain in
Nadia's arms long after the physical sex was completed so they could just hold
each other close.

As for her "dates", Ariel found sex to be boring with them, it sometimes felt
good but generally the men didn't last long enough to even slightly arouse her. 
The only time she found she enjoyed it was when she was paired with one of the
other girl's for a threesome, and the enjoyment was all supplied by the other
girl.

To pass the time between "dates" Ariel found herself smoking like the other
women, something she didn't think she'd ever do and drinking wine then harder
liquor.  They weren't allowed to get drunk but the tip money all the girls
earned was more then enough to buy what luxuries they were allowed.  Sexy and
reveling lingerie, food, makeup, sweet smelling soap and such, all the little
things that made life bearable, Ariel found it hard to remember how she lived
before, through she missed her parents and wondered how they were doing.

Slipping into the routine life of the house Ariel was used by the guard's during
the day but once they'd each sampled her charms she became just another one of
the whore's to them, except for Hank.  To the others she was nothing special,
just another piece of free ass to be used when the urge hit them.

Ariel found most of the guards were crude in the way the used her, much more so 
then the average customer.  Hank was especially brutal when he selected Ariel,
once Wanda had OK'd the use of her cunt he took great pleasure in using her in
various positions.  Ariel always dreaded Hank's arrival at the apartment and
once she saw him spent the time worrying when he'd come up to her and announce
in a loud voice his desire to use her, "hey bitch I wants some ...git your ass
into the room so old Hank can use that stinky hole you got".

Ariel would follow him into a vacant room with her head down humiliated at how
he made sure everyone would know he was about to use her.  It wasn't the fact
she was going to have sex with him, everyone already knew that, it was the way
he announced it to everyone in a loud voice that made it demeaning.  "Don't
nobody worry now bout what you hear this bitch yellin .... she jus love to do
old Hank .....ain't that so" he would bellow as he held her around the shoulders
and paraded her past the other girls kissing her like she was his date or
something.

Once inside he would have Ariel strip down slowly to music, given she had on
just a robe, he would make her dance for him dropping just a shoulder of it,
then twirling around and bending over spreading her cheeks so she was displayed
for him.  Ariel was forced to take off her single piece of clothing so she
exposed herself, then cover up her nudity and continue to tease Hank until he
was satisfied with her performance.  Ariel worked hard to get her "act" down
correctly so she didn't have to spend more time with him then absolutely
necessary.  Hank enjoyed verbally assaulting her during her dance routine.

"Come on bitch you dance real pretty like or old Hank get his belt and teach you
a thing bout not being cooperative" he warned her.

"Bet a lilly white girl like you never thought you'd be dancing for a nigger
.........did you bitch" Hank snarled at her.

As she danced to the music Ariel answered him in a low tone of voice, "no
....never".

As Hank lay naked on the bed stroking his thick un-circumcised penis with one
hand and fondling his huge black ball sack with the other.  "Never what bitch
...you never thought what" Hank asked her in a threatening way.

"Never thought .....thought I'd be dancing for a black man" Ariel answered as
she started to cry.

"Shit bitch you never said black man .......you and yer friends say nigger
.....don't you .....".

Ariel continued with her dance, allowing the robe to fall from her shoulders so
it was held up by just the sash as she started to cares her breasts, cupping
them and using her fingers to rub her small pink nipples until they were hard,
just as Hank insisted she do for him.  Ariel didn't want to prolong this any
longer then she had to so she answered him as she knew he wanted, "I .....I
....well some times we did ...yes".

"Yes what" Hank yelled sitting up on the bed reaching for the belt to his pants. 

Hank had only used his belt or hand on Ariel very lightly but she was afraid he
would use it harder if she didn't comply.  What Ariel didn't know was that Wanda
wouldn't allow the men to mark the girls, unless she said so.  Ariel also wasn't
fully aware of how Wanda really felt about her.  Hesitantly Ariel gave Hank told
Hank what he wanted to hear, "I never thought I'd be dancing naked in front of a
nigger".  Ariel now spun around slowly and finished taking off her robe and
tossing it onto the floor.

She then squatted on a chair facing him, her knees wide apart, coating her
fingers with spit then spreading her pussy lips and masturbating for him.  Ariel
pushed her crotch forward lewdly as she undulated her hips and held the pink
lips of her cunt open wide so Hank could watch her perform the manual
stimulation of her clit.  After several times with him Ariel knew what he
wanted, and what normally would come next.

"That's right bitch you finger that right nice so you get all wet ....git them
fingers up inside that bitch box ......all the way ....three of them ......they
fit just fine seeing that all them cocks been shoved up there ........no matter
them white men pay so much for that hole honey you still be just a filthy white
piece of trash to old Hank".

Ariel was totally degraded by what Hank was making her do, at least the
customers just fucked her then left so she didn't have to see them again.  She
couldn't get rid of Hank and the way he made her act was appalling.  Ariel knew
what she was supposed to do next.

"I'm all wet for you baby ........my cunt is wet and wants that big black cock
up inside me" Ariel purred in her most sexy voice.

Hanks face lit up in a huge smile, but what he said made Ariel's blood run cold. 
"That may be bitch but Wanda done said you be all open for business now ....that
mean ole Hank here gonna be using that booty hole today".

Ariel shuddered at the announcement, though Wanda had used her that way several
times now this was the first time a man was going to.  Hank ordered Ariel to
clean herself out so she wouldn't dirty his cock, she went into the bathroom and
gave herself an enema as Hank stood in the doorway watching her.

"Clean it out good bitch cause you gonna suck my dick clean once I done fucked
that little old shit chute you got".

Ariel kneeled on the bed as Hank used his fat fingers to fuck her ass as she
grunted and held the sheets tightly crumpled in her fists as she endured the
thrusting fingers inside her greased up back passage.  Hank knew better then to
use her without preparation, though he would have enjoyed using his thick cock
up her ass without any lubrication.  He had to be satisfied with fucking her
hard and fast as he hammered away at her now well trained asshole.

"Bitch you be one good butt fucking whore now ......old Hank just love to stick
his dick up your ass ........you not be so high and mighty now are you white
girl.  You now just a sticking whore now bitch".

Ariel hated being used by Hank, of all the guards he was the only one that
seemed to hate her for some unknown reason.  Even though she'd cleaned herself
out Ariel had to fight the urge to throw up as Hank made her suck his limp cock
clean after he shot his load of sticky cum up inside her bowels.  Ariel had
never had someone cum up her ass before and the cum felt hot inside her, Hanks
dick twitched in her ass as he spurted his huge load inside her clutching hole.

Hank made Ariel wait until he had to pee before she was allowed to wash and 
return to work, he hadn't lost his thrill of pissing on the kneeling white girl. 
Ariel always ended up in tears before Hank would be done with her, and she
always watched out for when he was on duty.  Ariel was grateful when Hank was
assigned to another job after he'd used her several times.

The other guards weren't as bad as Hank but they were rougher then the white men
that came and bought them.  Wanda made sure they didn't mark the girls but it
seemed they all enjoyed mauling their tits and smacking their bare ass's when
they fucked them.  Once Ariel was "open for business" several took the
opportunity to try out her rectum.




Chapter 12

As Ariel became acclimated to being a working girl not far away her parent's
were coming to grips with there own problems.  After the men had left Neil and
Edith laid in the filth left by the three thugs.  Finally Neil was able to help
Edith into the shower and both cleaned up, the sheets were stripped off the bed
and thrown away.  Then they both collapsed onto the bare mattress in total
exhaustion.

The two of them awoke Sunday much like Ariel did, feeling as if they'd had a bad
dream.  The swollen face and black eyes on Edith along with the bruises on her
body told them it had all been too true. Edith was so sore from her rapes she
couldn't walk properly, her cunt was swollen almost shut from the numerous cocks
that had been shoved inside, her jaw was still sore from sucking and her asshole
was a red ring of pain.  The first thing she did was throw up the accumulated
cum and piss that still remained in her stomach.  Then with a great deal of
discomfort managed to have a loose shit.

Neil's rectum felt as if had been torn apart, he too vomited up the contents of
his stomach and was thankful for the loose shit since his entire sphincter was
one giant burning hole.  Neither one spoke, they showered separately, Edith in
the master bathroom and Neil in what had been Ariel's bathroom.  As he looked
around at her things scattered about the sink he sank to his knees crying.

They both tried to eat something as they were hungry but it was the ringing
phone that brought them out of there stupor.

"Yes" Neil asked as he answered the phone.

"How you to doin this morning", Neil recognized the voice of Leonard
immediately.

"Where's Ariel .......when can she come home ......I have money .....I have".

Leonard cut him off, "listen to me cracker .....don't need no money from you
.....yer daughter be doin jus fine ......long as you cooperate that is".

"We're not calling the police .......just let her come home .......please" Neil
begged.

"Shut the fuck up asshole ...........she be sent back when I say .....not before
.......I just called to let you know your precious Ariel be alive and well.  She
be taken care of real good long as you do as yer told ............don't forget
it".  Then he hung up.

Neil heard the buzzing of the disconnected line then hung the phone up.  He
broke down crying at his inability to help his daughter.

The days passed for the two distraught parent's, each one finding a different
way to cope with what had been done to them that fateful Saturday, and how to
live with not knowing where or what was being done to their daughter.

By Wednesday Neil had become so despondent the only way he could find piece of
mind was to drink.  He'd called his partner Monday morning saying he was sick,
his partner tried to tell him of the break in but Neil brushed him off and hung
up.  He hadn't called him back since then, his only contact outside of Edith was
the daily call from Leonard telling him Ariel was alive and well.

Edith was physically in more pain then Neil for the first couple of days and had
more to deal with mentally then he did.  She too was worried about their
daughter but the trauma of her own rape had to be dealt with in her own way.  By
Friday she'd had the week to heal physically and was able to cover her black
eyes with makeup and leave the house for shopping.  She'd fired the maid Tuesday
giving her two weeks pay so Neil and her would be alone in their home.

Ariel's boyfriend had been told she'd gone back east to visit a relative that
had become sick and would be spending the summer there.  Her other friends had
been told the same story so except for the daily calls from Leonard the two
simply sat at home and handled the situation in there own way.

By the end of the first weekend apart Neil, Edith and Ariel had all fallen into
there separate routines.  For Neil it was to start drinking as soon as he awoke,
he didn't even get dressed completely, he simply put on a T-Shirt and pants and
sat in the front room drinking and waiting for the phone to ring.  The only
break in that was when his partner called him to find out what was going on and
he told him to arrange to buy the business from him, he said he had a mild heart
attack and was going to retire.  Confused by his friend's actions he wanted to
see him but Neil refused and told him to have the paper's drawn up.

Edith's own demons made her deal with what had happened in an entirely different
way.  She became increasing hostile to Neil, she blamed him for what had
happened, berating him for not being "man enough" to protect his family and
finally started telling him he'd never been able to satisfy her during their
marriage together.  Her anger wasn't justified but her mind simply found a way
of dealing with her own pain but belittling Neil.  She even told him that if
they hadn't been so rough she'd have enjoyed what happened to her.

Edith started talking to Leonard when he called, this surprised him but when
Edith informed him that "needle dick" was to drunk to talk Leonard found it
funny.  He found Edith quite interested in what her daughter was doing and
reveled in telling her about how Ariel had become a sought after commodity in
his stable.

He told her lurid tales of Ariel being fucked by men, of her selling her cunt
willingly now that she had tasted what a black cock could do.  Actually Leonard
wasn't even in the city and didn't really know what was going on with Ariel, he
had left town to complete various business deals but found talking to Edith to
be a pleasant past time during the evening.  He assumed Wanda was simply keeping
Ariel in her spare bedroom until he returned.  Though he hadn't given her exact
instructions on what to do with her Leonard assumed that beside using Ariel for
her own sexual gratification Ariel would be kept under lock and key and not put
to work.

By the second week Leonard had Edith masturbating on the telephone as he made up
stories about Ariel's activities.  Even though they were not based on fact
Leonard knew what went on at his various houses, he told Edith her daughter was
being kept at a cheap whore house servicing blacks and Mexicans for $25 a trick.

Edith found herself fantasizing about Ariel's supposed activities and confided
to her "Pimp Daddy" how she wished he'd visit her when he had time.  She even
proposed pairing up with Ariel so they could both work for him.  Leonard didn't
really feel any great sexual attraction toward's Edith, she was attractive but
he had many younger women to choose from.  He did find it amusing at how anxious
this women he'd raped was to engage in sex with him, or his friends.

Each passing day Neil became more listless, his drinking was so heavy he seldom
knew what time it was, what he did know was his wife was now calling "Pimp
Daddy" everyday, sometimes several times a day.  He would sit bleary eyed and
watch his wife masturbate and use whatever objects Leonard told her to inside
her pussy and ass while she moaned in pleasure for him.

Leonard become bored with this game so he started to pass the phone to one of
his men so they could have some fun.  After telling the other drug dealers what
he'd done they too started to enjoy themselves with this rich white women.  
Edith entertained them willingly on the telephone, telling them of the lurid
pleasures she would bestow on them if they visited her.




Chapter 13

By Tuesday of the next week Ariel had started her period for which she was
eternally grateful as she didn't want to have an abortion.  She had become quite
good at attracting customer's by this time, parading around in a dark blue teddy
during the evening or a skimpy red satin bra and thong she'd bought with her tip
money.  The long legged 19 year old wearing 3" mules attracted a great deal of
attention.

It wasn't that she enjoyed her new vocation but Nadia had told her during there
love making sessions what happened to girls who no longer attracted enough
customer's.  When they no longer were popular they disappeared and it was
assumed Wanda had them shipped back to one of the cheap motels where the
customer's weren't so discriminating, though this wasn't always the case. 
There, just like they had started out, they would again find themselves
servicing anyone with $25.  No matter how much they disliked being sold no one
wanted to go back if they could help it.  Even though Ariel hadn't worked at one
of the motel's her experience at the warehouse and with the guards was enough to
make her grateful she hadn't been subjected to working at the motels, and she
didn't want to.

The fact was Ariel was popular with the clientele because she could speak
English, was educated and could carry on a conversation.  The little French she
knew and the fact she'd been to Europe impressed the rich white men that
frequented the establishment.  Generally a date lasted 30 to 45 minutes but with
Ariel they tended to last longer, which pleased Wanda since she charged extra
for her.

The men talked of there wives, children and even about their business.  It
surprised her how they liked to linger with her and have an extra drink and tell
her things about themselves.  Several even showed her pictures of their families
which surprised her even more.  Ariel found herself looking at pictures of young
white girls and women, after her date had left she found herself crying.  The
pictures brought back fond memories of her life before being dragged into this
nightmare and made her lonely for her parents.

Wanda assured her that they knew she was safe, Ariel worried that they'd been
told what she was doing but Wanda said they hadn't been.  Ariel felt a bit
better that her parents hadn't been told the details of her new life.  Even
though she'd been raped in front of them, and had even been forced into having
sex with them she didn't want them to know she had graduated into a full time
prostitute, even if she hadn't done it on her own accord.

Wanda told her men loved to talk, and talk didn't come cheap.  She warned her to
not tell them about herself, when pressed she simply used the same excuse Wanda
had given the Doctor.  The work paid well and when she saved up enough she was
going back to college.  Of course Ariel wasn't allowed to keep any money and she
prayed she'd one day be allowed to leave and go to college like she planned to
do.  She wondered if she'd ever get home, if the life she had always thought
she'd have would ever be available to her again.  She no longer knew if she'd be
able to marry and have children like she'd planned, what man would want a whore
for a wife.  She worried about it sometimes but only late at night when she was
alone, the rest of the time she tried to make the best of her misfortune.

Ariel was tutored by Wanda on various sexual positions, generally one of the
nicer guards was used.  Ariel learned how to fuck on top of the men just as
she'd seen Nadia do, she also learned to take it leaning against a wall, with
her leg held up, both laying down and standing and of course how to be taken
both vaginally and anally as she was bent at the waist holding her ankles. 
Ariel had the opportunity to use them all with her customers as the days passed
and she spent more time selling herself to the men that came and went.

When Wanda saw Ariel was having her period she called a VERY good customer, one
that had a particular fetish that he paid well to indulge in.  After she had
called him she summoned Ariel from the lounge where she had been serving drinks
to waiting customer's during her "down time".

"Look here child I got me someone coming over here that be someone real special,
he be wantin to be with you tonight" Wanda informed her.

"But momma it be that time of month" Ariel told her.

Wanda got up and put her arm around the bewildered girl, "now you don't be
frettin bout that honey child ........he be wantin you that time of month" she
informed the now shocked girl.

"You can't be serious" Ariel answered back incredulously not for a moment
believing that someone would want to do that during her period.

Without hesitation Wanda slapped Ariel across the face, it wasn't a hard blow
but the shock of being hit after what they did together each morning shocked
Ariel more then it hurt her physically.  She looked at Wanda as she held her
hand against her hot cheek wide eyed in horror.

"Now you look here .......you listen to yer momma girl ...........you be a whore
now ......man want you while you bleedin you go sell it to him ............and
ANYTHING else he wants .......you done understand me girl" Wanda angrily told
the cringing young women who was shocked at what she was expected to do.

"I ask you a question bitch" Wanda barked raising her hand again as if to strike
her, "or maybe I git my whip .......you ain't been feelin that for awhile girl
.........maybe you need an education on how to behave ......well do you".  Wanda
was standing over Ariel's now cringing form waiting for her answer.

"No .........no momma Anne don't need no lesson .............I ........I just
didn't understand ...........I'll be a good whore momma .......promise I will"
Ariel answered in a quivering voice.

Wanda then sat next to her placing her arm around the now bewildered 19 year
old, kissing her reddened cheek softly she held Ariel close to her.  "Now you
listen to me Ariel ............listen real good to yer momma", being called by
her real name for the first time was more of a shock to Ariel then the slap had
been.  She looked up into Wanda's eyes and saw they were watery, then buried her
face into her shoulder and sobbed softly as Wanda continued to talk to her.

"Listen up child ...........Wanda don't want to hurt her little love girl
...........you be ..........well ....Ariel you be the only thing I ..........I
......well only thing I find a joy in ..........but there still be work to do
girl .........no matter how Wanda feel bout you there still be money to be made. 
Now you listen to momma and do as you told.  Leonard be back soon honey child"
with that announcement Ariel gasped out "NO ........oh god no momma please".

Again looking into her face Wanda continued to talk to the only human she had
ever found any kindness for in her heart.  "Now you listen to me Ariel .....it
may sound like Wanda don't care for you or such, but that not true.  I not bein
mean by sellin you to this man .....it just be what we do for a livin. 
Understand me ........it just be nothin ......you be my love girl ....but we
both still just whore's ......just like some people work in an office and such
.....now you wash up and be pretty for him .........he be here soon OK honey
child".

Ariel looked into the brown eyes of this woman who professed her feelings for
her yet would sell her to anyone that had the money.  Even with that Ariel felt
something tug at her heart, she understood that even though she was her "love
girl" Wanda would still sell her body.  She wasn't being cruel she was a whore
now and someone wanted what she had to offer.  "OK momma ....I understand
.........." then with a smile gracing her face "I'll be good to him ......watch
me get a big tip" she told her with actual excitement in her voice.

"That be my girl ........let's get you ready now" Wanda said kissing her softly
on the lips.

Wanda knew what her customer wanted, she called him when ever the right girl was
menstruating.  They needed to look young, be small boned and be dressed as a
young girl.  The only girls that fit the description were two of three Oriental
girls she had at the house.  Both had extremely small breasts with sparsely
haired pussies.  Ariel might have a bit to much tit but shaven as she was and
with her slim build she knew her customer would want her. 

Nan, which is what Wanda had named the girl who she was going to pair with
Ariel, were both on there "down time" together.  Wanda knew this john would pay
handsomely for the two of them.  Both were dressed in plain white cotton panties
and bras, though Ariel's looked a bit over filled.  A short pleated plaid skirt
and plain cotton blouse along with knee socks and saddle shoes completed their
clothing.  One thing he insisted upon was that the "girl's" be wearing napkins
instead of tampons, Ariel had only used them when she had first started having
her periods and felt disgusted with the thick pad between her legs.  Wanda
insisted that they not be changed until there "date" arrived.

Ariel had her hair in a pony tail, and helped Nad braid two pig tails in her
long silky black hair.  Neither spoke as the got ready, Ariel because she was
nervous about the unknown and Nan because she knew what was coming.  She had
been sold to this customer several times over the past 6 months she'd been at
the fancy house.  Of all that she was forced to do this was the worst, but she
also knew that her physical appearance didn't attract as many client's as her
bigger breasted and more shapely companions did.  She had no desire to go back
to the less desirable living conditions of the motel's and knew Wanda would keep
her around as long as this customer wanted what only she had, a girlish figure
that made her look 12 when dressed properly instead of the 21 she was.

Both were taken down to the lower level of the parking garage to what had been a
storage room but had been converted into a very private, very sound proof room
for customer's that needed that.  Ariel hadn't been down there, she knew
sometimes a girl would be chosen and be taken "down stairs", generally for the
entire evening.  Almost without exception the girl was allowed several days to
recuperate after that, so Ariel knew that what ever was going to happen it
probably included someone abusing her.

Wanda spoke to Ariel before she turned her over to the guard that would be in
attendance.  "Now you listen up honey child, this be one important dude and he
have some unusual things he like.  Now don't be worrin bout him marken you up
and such ........the guard be sure he stay within the rules.  Other then dat you
do what he wants and you be all right.  Now Nan here been with him couple of
times so she be knowin what gonna go on.  You act like a little girl now
.....you call him daddy and keep lookin innocent and all and ifin you blush some
he be real happy.  Good thing is you git off chores tomorrow so you's can sleep
late, understand me child".

Ariel stood before Wanda with her face down and her hands clasped in front of
her.  This was the most cloths she'd had on since she was stripped in the
warehouse and that was almost two weeks ago.  She felt strange to be wearing all
these cloths, when she looked at herself in the mirror she felt like she was 15
or 16 not 19 so acting like a little girl wasn't that hard.  After listening to
Wanda she felt her stomach knot up in fear at what was going to happen.  This
wasn't going to be a short suck and fuck customer and she dreaded what he was
going to want.

"I understand momma ..........I'll ..............I'll do what he wants
.........promise" Ariel answered in a small voice that made her sound like a 12
year old, she even managed a small smile at Wanda,

"Good child .......real good ..........you sound like that to this dude and he
be real happy ......Nan don't be much on talkin so he be in for a real treat
......now you go ahead and momma be seein you later", Wanda kissed Ariel on the
forehead then went back upstairs.

The guard wasn't very tall, not quite 6' but he had a strong wiry body and was
dressed in a well cut dark suit with a white shirt and tie on.  Ariel had been
with him twice since she'd been at the house and actually found him attractive. 
He wasn't rough with the girls, normally a long slow blow job then a quick fuck
was his style.  He would then lay in the bed with his arm around them as he
toyed gently with their clits or tits, the fact was Ariel had even climaxed with
him one time.  He always treated them nicely and Ariel was glad he was with them
and not Hank or one of the nastier men that guarded them.

"OK let's get inside .......now this guy he like it a bit rough ..........but
nothing that bad.  To tell the truth it be a bit sick but he pays well and
always leaves a big tip when he been taken care of so you two just do what he
say.  Don't take it personal what he have me do ......it be part of what da man
likes ......OK".  With that he unlocked the door and led the two reluctant
"little girls" into the room.

Ariel had flinched when she was informed he liked it "rough", then again it
couldn't be worse then what she'd been put through that fateful Saturday night. 
She couldn't believe that it was less then two weeks ago that she'd been going
to dinner, she had only been with one man then.  Now in less then two weeks
she'd been turned into a prostitute that serviced from 3 to 6 men nightly.  She
wondered just how bad this was going to be.

The room itself was decorated nicely, there were no windows but the room was
brightly lit.  She saw a padded wooden stand by the wall, leather restraints
were laying on a nearby table along with several paddles, a thin rod and a
leather multi tailed whip.  Ariel shuddered at the sight of the whip, her mouth
went dry as she remembered how it felt to have one used on her.  The bed was
large and several chairs were set around the room.  A table held water and some
liquor and a newspaper, they both sat down with their hands folded in there laps
and waited for their "daddy" to arrive.

Finally the door opened and a well dressed man in his mid 50's entered the room,
he wasn't tall, not much over 6', gray streaked hair, medium build and a tan
that showed he spent considerable time outside, Ariel guessed he golfed as it
looked like the tan her fathers friends had.  Actually the man looked vaguely
familiar but she couldn't place his face.

Nan stood right up and Ariel followed her lead, the guard simply stepped forward
and greeted him in a rather formal manner.  "Good evening Sir I hope you had a
good day".  Ariel was a bit surprised at how good the guard's English was all of
a sudden.

"Fine Charles ....the day went well .......a drink please".  The client sat in
chair by the table that held the newspaper and started reading.  Charles, not
his real name, poured him a drink then went to a corner to await further orders.

Ariel saw that Nan was standing with her shoulders held back, feet together and
arms hanging along her sides with her face bowed.  Ariel moved to the same
position and waited,  nervously picking at her skirt and trying to watch him out
of the corner of her eye.  She was uncomfortable with the now soggy napkin
between her legs, she would have changed it over an hour ago if she'd been
allowed.  The fact was she felt dirty knowing it was soaked with her discharge
and wanted nothing more then to wash herself.

Without looking up the man calmly announced, "well are my two little girls doing
well in school".

Nan answered a nervous yes and Ariel finally muttered an affirmative answer. 
She almost jumped out of her skin as the man bellowed "bullshit ........I was
called today ......your grades are terrible ....you haven't been doing your
homework ..........I've warned you that I wouldn't stand for this anymore".

Nan remained rooted to her spot, neither moving or looking at the man who was
now standing glowering at them.  Ariel's eyes were as big a saucers as she
looked at him in fright and confusion, she had pulled her arms up across her
chest at his outburst.

His eyes fixed on her trembling form, "you ......who told you to move little
girl ........".

"No one ........uh .....daddy" Ariel answered in a small voice, it wasn't her
acting ability that made her sound like a child.  She felt like one at this
moment.

"Get over here you ungrateful child" he ordered her.

Ariel walked towards him, she kept her eyes glued to the tips of her saddle
shoes then she stopped just short of him.  He reached down and took her chin in
his hand and pulled her face up.

"Now what excuse do you have for this behavior" he asked her in a stern voice.

"Ummm ......well ........the work is hard .....daddy ....I've been trying
.....really I have" she stammered, this time trying to sound like a little girl.

"I've warned you before, now I'll have to punish my little girl" he told her
sitting down and motioning Ariel to lay over his lap.

Ariel laid over his knee letting her arms hang down, she heard him rolling up
the newspaper.  She thought this wasn't going to be so bad, at least the
newspaper shouldn't hurt to much.  He flipped up her skirt exposing her white
cotton panties, she felt his hand caress her through the material and she tried
to relax.  His hand went between her legs and Aril felt the heat of her blush on
her cheeks as he fingered what had to be the completely soiled napkin.

"Why you filthy little girl ........you haven't changed yourself have you".

"Well ummm ....." Ariel wasn't sure what he wanted from her, she raised her head
enough so she could see Charles standing in the corner.  He was watching the
scene unfold, a slight shrug of his shoulder's told her he didn't have any idea
what she should do.

Ariel tried to think of something to say when she felt the rolled newspaper
smack her upturned bottom.  "Ouch " she yelped and kicked her legs up in
response.  He laid half a dozen spanks to her ass and thighs as he held her on
his lap.  Each time she yelped out and kicked her legs even through it didn't
actually hurt that much Ariel put on a good show.

"Now stand up and show daddy what my dirty little daughter has done" he ordered
her.

Ariel squirmed off his lap rubbing her butt, it really only stung a little but
she rubbed it like it burned very badly and snuffled out a "daddy that hurt my
butt real bad" hoping to please her "daddy".  She stood in front of him rubbing
her eyes with the back of her hands and sniffling like she'd been crying.

He reached out and hit her thigh with the paper, "I said show me what you've
done".

Ariel looked at him questioningly, she wasn't sure what he wanted.  He leaned
back in the chair and sipped his drink using the toe of his shoe to push up the
hem of the skit.  "Show daddy what his little girl has done" he ordered her in a
soft tone of voice.

Now Ariel turned a bright crimson red, she felt the blush go all the down her
neck, this time the tear that ran from the corner of her eye was for real.  He
wanted her to show him her panties which wasn't what was making her cry.  She
knew the napkin showed and that it had to be saturated by now, Ariel felt sick
to her stomach but Wanda's warning, along with the whip she'd seen kept any
thought of protest just a wild dream.

Slowly she raised up her skit exposing her panties, at his insistence she spread
her legs wider apart, she was keenly aware of the bulge of the sanitary napkin. 
"Good now you keep your skirt up and step closer now".

Ariel stepped between his knees, he reached forward and pulled the waist band of
her panties out until they were stretched tight across her ass.  He looked down
inside her panties and his grin become a wide smile as he saw her clean shaven
crotch.  He slide the panties down enough so his fingers had room to pull at the
top of the napkin so he could see the blood and mucus collected in it.

Ariel was looking down into her own crotch, she saw the gummy mess of her period
and started sobbing openly as she clutched her skirt tightly.  "Please
.........please don't please ....daddy don't" she pleaded in a low tone of
voice.  Even when she'd been stripped naked in the warehouse in front of
complete strangers she hadn't felt this demeaned.  This was sick, perverted and
she wanted to puke up her dinner, again only the fear of what Wanda would do
kept her standing there feeling totally revolted at having to display herself
while she was on her period.

"My little girl has made quite mess hasn't she ............well haven't YOU".

"Yes daddy .....yes I'm a mess .........please daddy let me clean up" she said
between sobs.  Of all that she'd been made to do this was the worst she'd
endured so far.

He pulled her panties down around her thighs, Ariel's hand covered her mouth as
she fought to hold down her food as she saw the sticky red line left on the
inside of her thigh.  His next act was more then Ariel could take, he leaned
forward pushed his head between her legs and smelled the soiled napkin.

"Oh Jesus god no" Ariel shouted as she pulled away, losing her balance and
falling down on her ass with a loud thump.  Ariel rolled over and promptly threw
up on the carpet as the man dragged her panties off her purposely wiping some of
the napkins contents on her legs, then he sat back in the chair and sniffed
them.  Ariel watched in horror as he sat there smelling the crotch of her
panties, she coughed up what was left of the foul mixture in her mouth then dry
retched for several minutes.  Along with the floor Ariel's white blouse was now
covered with her puke, she couldn't decide which was worse, having her food on
her cloths or the icky stain along her legs left by her menstrual blood.

"Now you lay back and spread your legs apart and show daddy that dirty hole you
have ....", when Ariel didn't move he motioned to Charles.  He came over and
grabbed Ariel by the arm rolling her onto her stomach, then his arm encircled
her waist, he pulled her up over his bent knee so her ass was up and delivered
half a dozen smacks against her bare flesh with a paddle.

Ariel screamed out and thrashed around as Charles reddened her bottom.  As she
was rolled over and hauled up for her spanking Ariel ended up with her face
being pushed into her own vomit.  The paddling hurt but not anything like the
whip, the fact was Charles knew not to hit to hard.  This john didn't really
want to hurt the girls, he simply liked to have his little play act.  As long as
the skin was red he was satisfied.

Charles dumped Ariel back onto the floor.  Through teary eyes Ariel saw Nan had
continued to stand rooted to the same spot she had been when this had all
started.  Again she heard daddy order her to lay on her back and "play with her
dirty hole".

Ariel rolled over so her feet were flat on the floor, knees bent and spread wide
then started masturbating.  She felt the dampness between her lips and tried not
to think about what her hands must look like, this was her heaviest flow day. 
She lay on the floor looking at the ceiling and continued to fondle her now red
stained pussy, pushing two fingers into herself as he ordered her to do.

He ordered Nan over to him, Ariel continued to finger her twat as instructed as
she watched him repeat his perversion on her.  Though this was the third time
Nan had serviced him she still felt nauseated by what he did.  But having been
through this before she didn't become sick and throw up as she had the first
time.  She stood still as the man fondled her, sniffed her soiled panties,
sanitary napkin and crotch.  Then he fingered her bloody cunt and masturbated
her for half an hour.

As she lay on the floor her fingers felt sticky from being inside pussy, she
lifted her hand and saw it was coated with red slime which made her stomach
heave and would have thrown up again if her stomach wasn't already empty.  Ariel
let her hand rest on her crotch and watched what was going on.  His view of her
was blocked by Nan so he couldn't see if she was playing with herself or not. 
Ariel looked over to Charles standing in the corner, he smiled at her and
shrugged his shoulders again.

Nan was then given a dozen swats on her bare bottom eliciting high pitched
shrieks from her as she kicked her legs and writhed on his lap.  Nan was then
placed on the floor next to Ariel and ordered to play with her "dirty hole". 
Ariel noticed that Nan's flow wasn't as heavy as her's but when she was again
summoned to come over to him she saw his fingers were coated with Nan's  blood.

Now Ariel was subjected to a vigorous finger fuck by him.  He shoved two of them
deep inside her sticky cunt as she stood gaped legged between his knees.  The
sound of his fingers made her stomach turn, she couldn't look so she kept her
eyes tightly closed.  She felt his tongue against her bare skin and shuddered at
the repugnant act he performed on her.  Finally he finished, wiping his face
clean on her blouse smearing it with the red fluid that covered his face.  He
wiped his hands on her thighs, ass and even smeared it on her face and into her
hair.  Ariel would have rather been urinated on, but she allowed him to defile
her with her and Nan's flow as tears streamed down her face.

The man then washed his hands, he thanked Charles and passed him a wad of money. 
Then he knelt down between Nan's outstretched knees and stuffed a second wad up
inside her pussy.  He came over to Ariel who had been left standing in front of
the chair.  He took a third roll of bills and stuffed them deep inside her twat
then left, but not before he took both pair of panties along with the tampex's
still held in the crotch by the sticky strip.

Ariel didn't move for several minutes after he left, she simply stared at the
empty chair in front of her holding up her skirt.  "Come on let's go he done
with you two" the guard told them.

Nan had already gotten up and went to the sink to wet a towel so she could clean
the carpet.  Ariel was still to shocked to move, "help her clean up so I can git
back to work....you two be off after this".

Finally Ariel went and helped Nan clean the carpet, she felt filthy.  Not only
was her front covered by her own vomit but her body was smeared with not only
hers but Nan's smelly discharge, she wanted nothing more then a hot shower.

Ariel went back to Wanda's apartment, quickly stripping off her cloths and
throwing them into a corner.  She jumped into the shower even before the water
had warmed up, shivering under it until it did.  She had forgotten about the
money he'd stuffed up inside her, she held her cunt lips apart and pushed her
fingers inside until she could  retrieve the cash and remove it.  The money was
red with blood and mucus so she washed it off then counted it as the warm water
ran over her.  The man had shoved $500 in 20's inside her, Ariel smiled to
herself thinking that what Leonard had said was finally true, she did have a
money box between her legs.

Ariel soaped her body and shampooed her hair three times to make sure she was
clean, her hands had been coated with her menstrual blood and she had to scrub
her finger nails to get it all out from under them.  Thankful she didn't have to
wear a napkin Ariel used a tampon, then she put the money on the table for
Wanda.  After having a drink and several cigarettes she crawled into bed.  The
clock showed it was only 10:30 P.M., it was the earliest she'd been allowed to
go to sleep since she'd arrived Saturday night.

Ariel awoke the next morning feeling refreshed, Wanda wasn't there but the
pillow and sheets  showed she'd slept with her and the money was gone.  It was
already 8:30 in the morning and wondered why Wanda hadn't waken her until she
remembered Wanda saying she didn't have chores today.  As she showered she
thought about the trade off, being with the pervert or doing housework, Ariel
decided she'd rather do house work given the choice.  Of course she knew she
didn't have one.




Chapter 14

Ariel threw on her robe and went off to breakfast, she ate and helped wash the
dishes out of habit.  Nan was also there but didn't help, she just ate and
talked with the other Oriental girls in there own language.  By now everyone had
accepted "Anne" as one of them no matter how she came to be with them.  She
talked and joked with them, she actually found herself welcoming the chance to
get to know the other girls.  She learned not to ask to many questions, if
someone wanted to tell you about themselves or  how they came about being here
they would, otherwise you could assume it was pretty much like everyone else.

She had become close to Nadia, and agreed to meet her after the exercise period
for some "girl fun".  Of course she knew she would be the one giving and not
receiving today but she didn't mind, she was becoming very found of her foreign
friend.

Ariel joined in the exercise period then watched TV and relaxed out by the pool
for the entire day.  Wanda showered and left right after she led the exercise
class so she didn't see her till almost 7:00 P.M.   Wanda didn't ask what went
on but was pleased with how Ariel had serviced the customer, the only thing that
worried Ariel was how excited the man was that she threw up, Wanda told her that
was normal the first time someone was with him.  She happily told Ariel that she
had a pretty good idea how to make her do it again when he came around next
month.  Ariel wasn't particularly enthused to hear that she would be sold to him
again but strangely the thought that she'd be here for another month didn't
bother her.

Wanda and Ariel did enjoy each other's company over the next several days. 
Wanda again used the dildo up her ass, but now that Ariel been used this way she
didn't feel any pain, just the sexual pleasure of having something thrust up
inside her sensitive rectum.  She found she enjoyed being fucked that way as
long as it was done with some restraint until she had time to get use to it
inside her, then she liked it being used on her hard and deep.

She also was allowed to wear the harness and use the dildo on Wanda's cunt and
ass.  In her wildest fantasies Ariel had never even thought about doing such an
act.  Yet she enjoyed that too, the feel of being in control, thrusting
something up inside Wanda or Nadia's passages gave her a rush she had never felt
before.  The feel of her climax as the fake cock stimulated her clit were
marvelous.

By Friday Ariel's period had stopped and she was back at work, servicing 5
customers that night.  She never thought she'd be grateful to be fucking or
sucking one of the strangers, it was far better then what she had to do with the
pervert and hoped Wanda didn't know anymore like him.

Saturday morning as Ariel was doing laundry Wanda come up to her.  "Honey child
Leonard be back in town and want to see you tonight".  Ariel felt her heart
sink, somehow she felt having to see him again was worse then having sex with
anonymous men.  Besides she felt safe with Wanda, the guards wouldn't hurt them
and neither would the johns.  Pimp Daddy didn't have any restrictions on what he
could do, this scared her more then having sex with him did.

"Momma ........I'm .................momma I'm scared .....what's he going to do"
Ariel asked in a shaky voice.

Wanda saw how Ariel's hands shook and pulled her close to her bosom.  "Now honey
child he be just a man .......just like any the other's you been with.  Maybe a
bit better hung girl", they both laughed at this.  "But he be jus a man want to
git his nut off.  Then jus like any other he be done with you.  Now we get yer
booty all cleaned out and greased up fore you leave so you don't have to worry
bout that.  We even put some up yer pussy ........fact is how bout you and me
spend some time with each other fore you leave so you be all relaxed and ready
for him" Wanda whispered into her ear.  "He be thinkin you be all wet for him
but it be our secret".  They both giggled like two teenage girls at there
secret.  They hugged each other tightly and Ariel hurried with her work so she
could meet Wanda as quickly as she could.

Ariel dressed in a lime green rayon wrap dress that barely came to mid thigh,
she had on green thong panties but no bra.  She put on light blue eye shadow,
mascara, red nail polish on both her finger and toe nails along with bright red
lip gloss and a bit of rouge and glitter around her breasts and chest.  Her
strap 3" heels set off her long legs and her tan had deepened from laying out in
the sun by the pool, though Wanda had her wear a bikini bottom and a top to keep
her butt and tits nice and white.  She had freshly shaven her pubic area, legs
and underarms.  Wanda even gave her some perfume to wear and styled her hair
loosely around her face.

"You be lookin real good now honey child .....you jus do what you been doin and
Leonard be real happy.  One of his men be here to take you to him so you best be
gettin along.  Don't know when you be back but I be missin you somethin fierce
till you do".  Ariel looked at Wanda and saw she was crying, even though she was
trying to hide it.  Ariel reached up and took her face into her hands and kissed
away the tears.

"I'll be back soon as I can momma" Ariel told her then she left for the garage. 
It was the first time Ariel saw the neighborhood she'd been in, when she arrived
she'd been in no condition to look around.  Once they got onto a main street to
get to the freeway she recognized where she was.  As they waited for a stop
light she thought about escaping from the car, she knew she was close to home. 
Then she thought about what Nadia and some of the other girls had told her and
she kept her hands in her lap clutching her purse, the same one she had taken to
go to dinner with her parents that Saturday afternoon.  As they got on the
freeway heading towards the ghetto Ariel wiped a tear away from her eye and
watched the safety of the neighborhood, and Wanda, disappear behind her.




Chapter 15

The driver of the car was Leonard's second in command, what Leonard didn't know
was that Jeremy was also Wanda's half brother.  He eyed the slim white girl
carefully as they drove through the city streets making sure she didn't try
anything.  Of course what Ariel didn't know was that her door was locked and she
couldn't have opened it anyway. 

Wanda and Jeremy had never told Leonard or anyone else they were related.  At 26
he was a powerfully built man who could take care of himself.  Ariel didn't even
recognize him as the second man who'd raped her in the warehouse.  Wanda had
managed to bring him into the organization but his own brains had gotten him
promoted to his present position.  Even without the college education Leonard
had Jeremy had a natural ability that made him stand out among the men that
worked in the organization.  Between him and Wanda they knew everything there
was to know about the organization and how it ran.

Neither he nor Wanda had the inclination to turn on Leonard, he treated them
well, paid them well and both were generally happy with the situation.  Wanda
had confided in him of her growing attachment to this slim young white girl
sitting beside him.  While Jeremy had a wife and family now Wanda was all alone. 
Her year's working as a prostitute had hardened her more then his life had. 
Even though he was one of the men Leonard trusted enough to give enforcement
duties to he was able to find love with a women and a semblance of normal family
life outside the ghetto.

Jeremy didn't feel ashamed about his sister's past, but he wanted her to find
the personal pleasure in life he had.  The kind money couldn't buy, he had told
her he'd watch out for Ariel's safety as best he could.

They pulled up to Leonard's house, it didn't look any different then any other
on the block.  It was well kept and except for the numerous people coming and
going during all hours and the lack of children you wouldn't realize that the
man inside was the most powerful man in the ghetto as well as the wealthiest. 
Most of the neighbors knew who he was and were actually grateful he lived there,
no one would cause trouble on this block.  There hadn't been a burglary within a
mile of his house since he moved in several years ago.

"OK Ariel lets go, don't worry everything going to be cool tonight" Jeremy
assured her in a soothing voice.

Ariel was shocked that he even knew her name, when she tried to open the door
and found it locked she smiled to herself.  Had she tried to escape she would
have found herself locked in and most probably subjected to a beating, if not by
Leonard then surely by Wanda when her date with Leonard was over.

Jeremy unlocked the door and they walked up into the house, Ariel had
butterflies in her stomach.  As they entered she saw the fat ugly Ernie sitting
on the couch smoking a stinking cigar and watching TV, a Mexican girl around 20
years old was sitting next to him smoking and leaning against his shoulder
gazing at the TV.

"Hey dude what's up ......." Ernie asked Jeremy then he eyed Ariel standing next
to him clutching her purse in her hands.  "Man ain't that the bitch from the
warehouse" he asked in an excited voice.

"Yea and The Boss be wantin to see her tonight" Jeremy responded as he motioned
for Ariel to sit in a chair on the opposite side of the room.

"Shit she don't look as good as she did that day ..........that's for sure but
she still be one fine lookin bitch.  Maybe when The Boss git done old Ernie have
another taste of her, may sample that fine ass jus like I done her momma's and
daddies" Ernie announced as he stared intently at Ariel.

"Hey bitch you know I done fucked your momma couple of times this week.  Her
poosie not be so tight no more but she still give good head" Ernie told the
trembling girl.

Ariel felt her skin crawl at how he looked at her.  She couldn't believe what he
was saying about her mother, Ernie hadn't been at the apartment house so he
couldn't be talking about Wanda.  Were they really still keeping Edith somewhere
like they were her, what about her father?  For the first time since her capture
she was worried about her parent's safety, she had assumed they were taken home.

Jeremy gave Ernie a look that told him to shut up.  "You be talkin to much for
your own good man.  Just keep yer mouth shut, you want your dick wet there be
plenty of bitches for you to fuck, this one's for The Boss man" Jeremy warned
him. 

Jeremy turned his attention to Ariel giving her a wink, she returned a weak
smile to him and lit a cigarette and started to nervously smoke it.  "You want
something to drink, Boss man be busy but he be here pretty quick" Jeremy asked
Ariel.

"Yes ......thank you".  As she sat there she looked around the room, it was neat
and well furnished, except for the pale of stale smoke that hung in the air
Ariel thought the house looked very nice.  Then her eye caught something hanging
on the wall, right above the TV was what looked like a tail hanging by a rope. 
Ariel looked at it for several seconds before she realized it was her hair that
Leonard had cut off in the warehouse.  Ariel wiped a small tear from the corner
of her eye and shifted her gaze to her lap.

Jeremy went to the kitchen and poured her a drink of Vodka and tonic, he knew
from talking to Wanda that's what Ariel liked to drink.  After serving her he
went and made himself something and sat down to watch TV.  Ariel sipped her
drink and smoked, she noticed that Jeremy knew what she drank and also switched
to another channel without caring if Ernie wanted to or not.  She relaxed some,
obviously Wanda had told him what she drank and she felt a bit safer with him in
the room as Ernie deferred to him.

Ernie eyed Ariel then snorted at Jeremy "what she be a fucking queen or somthin
man .....you be serving her like a good nigger".

Jeremy stared at him until Ernie looked away, then leaned back in his chair and
waited.  Several men came in as they waited, each one eyed Ariel sitting there
with lust.  They looked at the way she sat with her legs crossed, the dress
falling away so her thigh showed almost to her crotch.  When she moved to change
positions they even got a glimpse of her green panties.  Ariel didn't even
notice their eyes on her, after spending hours sitting in the lounge trying to
attract a john she didn't even thing about adjusting her dress as she had in her
former life.

Leonard finally came through the door with his three guests and everyone seemed
to stiffen up at his presence.  He'd promised the three a chance to use Ariel,
who he described as an "almost fresh piece of ass".  He looked around at the
seated men puffing on his cigar.  Jeremy stood and greeted him, "hey Boss been
waitin for you, brought the bitch like you wanted".

Finally Leonard's gaze went to the white woman in the bright green dress sitting
to the side smoking.  When he'd entered the room Ariel had become scared, she
still didn't really know what he wanted besides the obvious.  Even though Wanda
had cleaned her out and greased up both her ass and cunt she was afraid of being
used anally by him.  Seeing Leonard look at her Ariel tried to make her smile
seem natural, she gulped down the rest of her drink and snubbed out her smoke.

Ariel tired to keep her voice from betraying her fear so she stood up and
greeted him with a false cheeriness that she hoped sounded sincere "Hi Pimp
Daddy it's me air head".

Leonard just stood there staring at her like he didn't know who she was.  At
first he didn't recognize her, the once fresh scrubbed look of a young coed had
been replaced by women who had been around the block a few times.  It wasn't the
cloths or the makeup, it was something about how her eyes looked.  To a casual
observer she wouldn't have looked different but Leonard knew the look, all the
girls ended up with it.  The twinkle in her eyes wasn't there anymore, they held
the distant stare of someone who'd seen to much in to short a time.

Ariel saw his features darken when he realized who she was.  Then he exploded in
anger "what that nigger bitch been up to with you girl".

Ariel was to stunned to talk, she was terrified of this hulking man and just
stood there stiff as a board.  Leonard took a long stride over to her, grabbing
her by the hair and flung her to the ground knocking the breath out of her.  Her
skirt now lay open exposing her from the waist down, she didn't even attempt to
cover herself.  She lay on the floor and started crying, "Pimp Daddy I don't
know what you want ....momma done sent me here ......I done spent all day gettin
pretty for you" she sputtered, lapsing into the ghetto talk that she'd become
accustomed to using around Wanda.

"God damn that nigger bitch, I sent this bitch there to be watched over not be
turned into some $20 fucking whore.  I'm gonna beat that stupid bitch till she
don't have no black on her ......then I'm gonna put her cunt to work at $5 a pop
till she done fucked every drunk nigger in this city" Leonard screamed smashing
his fist against the table shattering the top of it.

Ariel crawled to a corner in total panic at what he said he was going to do to
Wanda.  Now she felt fear for her momma and herself.  "Pimp Daddy please
........." she pleaded but she never got to finish her sentence.

Leonard grabbed Ariel by the ankle and dragged her to the center of the room
pulling her dress up over her so she was totally exposed from the waist down. 
Everyone but Jeremy stared at the now nearly naked teenager, Ernie felt his
pudgy cock get hard.  He just knew he'd be fucking this bitch before the night
was done.

Jeremy wasn't looking at Ariel, his attention was focused on Leonard and what he
was saying about his sister.  Jeremy didn't know if he could protect Ariel from
Leonard's wrath, he would try for Wanda's sake.  He knew he wouldn't let Leonard
hurt Wanda, no matter what the consequences.

Leonard jerked up on Ariel's ankle so her butt was partially pulled off the
floor, she cried out in fear and pain as her hip joint was pulled apart. 
Leonard put his foot on the calf of her other leg trapping against the floor
then with both hands pulled up until Ariel was doing the splits, her cries of
pain and fear filled the house.

"Please ........please it hurts .............please daddy ............I'll do
whatever you want .......please don't hurt momma .........it be my fault" she
cried out hysterically.

Leonard stared down at Ariel's crotch, the skimpy thong had pulled up tight
between her legs and barely covered her shaven pubic mound.  "She done shaved
you cunt .........." Leonard shouted then kicked her between the legs.

"AHHHHHHHHHHH .....no please ...........I done it ......I done it on my own
......I done shaved it for you" Ariel cried out as her hands clutched at her now
aching crotch.

"For me huh .............yea .......no doubt you done it for me and any one with
the price to pay for it you fucking bitch.  You jus like you momma .......a
fucking white piece of trash who want's to fuck and suck any cock.  You a slut
jus like yer mother be" Leonard yelled at the now frantic girl.

Ariel had no idea what or who Leonard was talking about, she was sure he was
talking about Wanda.  She didn't know that her mother had broken down mentally
from her abuse and become a willing participant to Leonard and his friends sex
games.  The fact is Leonard had visited her when he returned that Friday night,
he along with the drug dealers that had been talking to her on the phone.

While Neil had sat in a drunken stupor in the front room Leonard and the three
other men had enjoyed having Edith live up to her promises she'd made on the
telephone.  When they arrived Edith had answered the door wearing just a short
robe and a big grin.  The four men strode into the house, two of the men were
black and the third a fat Mexican who Leonard purchased some of his women from.

Leonard saw Neil sitting on the couch, he looked at the three strangers through
his drunken haze but didn't say a word.  "Hey dude you look like shit" Leonard
told him, "hey bitch make us some drinks" he ordered Edith.

Edith quickly made them drinks as the four made themselves feel at home
wondering around the large ranch style house.  "Hey this is one nice pad man,
wouldn't mind staying here" one of the black drug suppliers said.

"Yea its not bad but lets see if this bitch really meant what she done told us"
the other black insisted.

Leonard grabbed Edith and pulled her to the center of the room stripping off her
robe, "now let's see what you got momma".

"Fuck she ain't got no tits and the hairiest cunt I ever see" one of them
exclaimed as he tugged at Edith's full bush causing her to emit a small squeal.

"She would be popular in one of my bars, my people like them that way.  She
would fit nicely into the donkey act", the Mexican supplier of dope and flesh
commented as he looked over Edith's body with growing lust.

Leonard grabbed Edith roughly by the hair and pulled her to her knees in front
of him, "now bitch you be do doin the deed here, Neil don't mind none do you
dude".  Neil looked over at his wife's naked form kneeling before the towering
black.  He saw her pull his semi hard penis from his trousers and take the head
into her mouth, her cheeks puffed out then in as she sucked the now hardening
tool with all her skill.

"Hey man she be one real good cocksucker don't she" one of the black drug
dealers commented as he drank Neil's liquor and watched from a nearby chair.

"Her husband likes watching" the Mexican commented as he rubbed his crotch.  The
sight of Leonard's massive tool being sucked by the kneeling white women excited
him and he wanted his chance at her.

Leonard pulled his dick out of Edith's eager mouth with a small pop and pushed
her back onto her ass.  "Now you be gettin some things to entertain us like you
said bitch" he ordered her.  As she started to get up Leonard ordered her to
crawl out of the room, "that right bitch you crawl like the bitch dog you be" he
mockingly told her.

Edith crawled into the kitchen to find something suitable to entertain her
guests.  She quickly returned with a cucumber and a sausage.  After positioning
herself on her back she proceeded to use the two objects, first the sausage and
then the cucumber found there way inside her cunt as the four men watched in
amusement.

Neil wasn't amused, sitting there drunk, unshaven and unwashed in his dirty
T-shirt and pants even drunk he found his wife's actions disgusting.  He didn't
find her sexy, he was revolted by how she slide the cucumber inside her hairy
slit, undulated her hips and panted in pleasure as the four men watched.  He'd
seen Edith do this act while she talked on the phone many times, when she
replaced the cucumber with the sausage in her cunt she started to fuck her now
well stretched asshole with the vegetable, Neil left the room to find some peace
in his office.  As he closed the door he heard Edith pleading with the four to
fuck her.

"Yes Pimp Daddy I want that big black dick in my hairy cunt ............I want
to suck all your cocks and feel them inside me ...........please" she whined at
the four men.

The four men used her for several hours, each taking a journey into the three
orifices she had to offer but they finally tired of her, after all there were a
lot of younger more attractive women they could have.  As she lay on her bed
with cum leaking out of all her orifices Leonard decided to call Ernie and
invite him over.  The novelty of playing with Edith had worn off and he decided
to let Ernie have his own brand of fun with the now willing women.  She was to
old to put to work anywhere but his cheapest motel's, he chuckled to himself at
the thought of doing just that to her.

Ernie was eager to have a chance at the slim white women, though older then any
of the whore's he had the opportunity to be with he found the idea of using her
exciting.  Fat Ernie enjoyed Edith's company until the afternoon hours of
Saturday.  His short fat cock was used everywhere it would fit.  Ernie was a
sadist at heart, once his sexual needs had been met he spent his time amusing
himself in other ways.  He tied Edith spread eagle across the top of the dining
room table, then proceeded to use a candle or cigarettes on various places on
her body.

The glowing flame of the candle was used to singe off the short curly dark hairs
around Edith's raw asshole, then to remove much of the hair covering her labia. 
Ernie had enjoyed doing this to various girls in the past, he knew just how to
inflict a maximum amount of pain with a minimum amount of damage.  After all
these bitch's were worth money and no one wanted to permanently damage the
merchandise, on purpose at least.

Ernie used his cigarette carefully against the soft tender flesh of Edith's
underarms, the inside of her thighs and behind her ears.  Her small tits didn't
afford much to play with but her sensitive nipples felt the flame of the candle
lick at them as she screamed into the gag he'd stuffed into her mouth.  Ernie
enjoyed how her cunt and asshole contracted as he used the glowing end of his
smoke on the inside of her ass cheeks.

The small burns would heal leaving little evidence of her suffering, but they
were extraordinarily painful and Ernie delighted in hearing Edith squeal in
pain.  Plucking the large thatch of pubic hair that adorned Edith's crotch until
there was no more then a few stands left provided Ernie with hours of fun.  He
watched in fascination how Edith's body twitched and jerked around pulling at
the ropes holding her as he poured alcohol over the denuded area sending fiery
sensations of pain through her body.  He felt his crowning achievement was
having Edith tongue his filthy ass clean as Neil watched and Edith begged to be
butt fucked again.

Neil had watched in silence while Ernie alternated between torturing his wife
and having sex with her.  For the first time since that fateful Saturday Neil
had a smile on his face and found himself getting aroused.

Leonard let go of Ariel's ankle and stepped off her leg, she curled into a ball
clutching her aching cunt and sobbed weakly.  "Now I be findin out what the shit
be happenin while I be away, Jeremy take this piece of shit to where I have some
privacy to get some answer's.  I be along after a bit" Leonard ordered.

Jeremy quickly pulled Ariel to her feet, he knew Leonard meant the training
house used to break in new girls.  As he left the house with the crying girl as
she continued to clutch her crotch in pain and muttering, "what I done wrong
........what I done wrong" softly between sobs.  Jeremy's blood ran cold as he
heard Leonard call to Ernie, "you be comin with man I thinks you be findin there
be a lot of fun things you be allowed to do ..........specially when Wanda be
brought around".

With Ariel safely in the car Jeremy pulled away then called Wanda on his cell
phone.  He quickly told her what had happened, they both agreed he had to take
Ariel where he was told.  Though Wanda was scared for Ariel's safety she knew
that she had to make arrangement's before she could save her.  As she dialed a
number on her cell phone she cried, it was the first time she had cried like
that for another person other then herself.  She hoped she could get what she
needed done as quickly as possible, for Ariel's sake, but also for her own.




Chapter 16

Wanda went to the privacy of her own apartment leaving the nightly duties of
collecting money to one of the guards.  She dialed the one person she knew could
help her in this situation, she only hoped he'd be in.  In the years she'd been
running the prostitution ring for Leonard she'd met many interesting people. 
Some were powerful politicians, some well known celebrities or businessmen while
a few other's were in business's similar to Leonard's.  One man ran an extensive
prostitution ring consisting of European girls that he collected in the same
fashion as Leonard along with other illegal activities.

The two men had never met but on several occasions Wanda, with Leonard's
permission, had traded girls with him to keep the house staffed with new faces
at minimal cost.  Nicolas was a Russian immigrant who learned his trade in one
of the most unforgiving environments that could be imagined.  As a member of the
Russian Mafia he rose through the ranks and when his countries government fell
he took the opportunity America offered expand his operations.

Along with prostitution his organization ran money laundering and various
financial scams and drugs throughout the city.  He had become interested in
Leonard's operation when he'd expanded it to include the fancy house.  He'd
visited the house to see if it was going to become serious competition with his
own.  When he'd satisfied himself that Leonard wasn't interested in expanding
outside the black ghetto area he controlled the two organizations coexisted
without interfering with each other.

It took Wanda almost an hour to get in touch with Nicolas and she quickly
explained her situation to him.  Nicolas listened with interest, he knew his men
would never fit into the ghetto scene but he was interested in taking over the
organization if it could be run by someone that could.  Wanda's offer to him was
simple, if he would help eliminate Leonard and a few of the top people she and
Jeremy would run it for him, providing a set percentage of the income along with
giving Nicholas another distribution source for his drugs.

As Wanda tried to reach Nicholas so a deal could be struck Jeremy delivered
Ariel to the training house.  The structure was a run down building adjacent to
a motel that belonged to Leonard, the  basement was used to break in new girls. 
It provided a secure location deep inside his territory where no one asked
questions, nor cared about what went on.  The basement itself was sound proof
enough to keep anyone from hearing what went on under the building.

As Jeremy pulled up Ariel sat next to him passively as she cried softly to
herself.  "OK we're here girl".  Ariel looked up at him with fear in her eyes,
he smiled at her and brushed aside the hair from her face.  "You listen here
girl, I done tried to help but don't know if I did".

Ariel felt fear gripping her, "what's he going to do .........what about mamma".

"Ifin you mean Wanda girl don't you be worried bout her .........she gonna be OK
......you to if it work out .......understand".

Ariel shook her head showing she did then looked out the window of the car at
the desolate neighborhood, the trash strewn streets, abandoned cars and most
fearfully at the broken sign advertising the motel.  "No ......oh please not
that" she whimpered as she wrapped her arms around her knees and curled up
against the passenger door of the car.

"Let's go girl .....don't know what The Boss be wantin but best he not be kept
waiting".

Jeremy led the frightened girl into the building and down to the basement and
felt her body shudder in dread as he led her into the room.  The room was lit by
several bare light bulbs, Ariel eyed the chains hanging from the ceiling, the
dirty mattress laying in the corner, some ropes carelessly thrown against the
wall and the large wooden table sitting in the center along with some chairs
scattered around the room and an old tattered couch against one wall.  One
corner had a dirty cracked toilet without a seat, a shower head attached to an
overhead water pipe along with an equally dirty sink.  Other then that the room
was bare, with water pipes running along the ceiling.  Even in the muggy heat of
the summer the room was damp and cold.

Jeremy pushed Ariel towards the couch, she sat down with her arms hugging her
trembling body, Jeremy sat down on a chair, dialed his cell phone and completed
a quick conversation with Wanda.  Then they both sat smoking and waiting for
Leonard to arrive.

Leonard burst into the room, his face still showed his anger, along with him
came his three guests and to Ariel's utter horror Ernie who was grinning
wickedly.  "Gits over here bitch" Leonard ordered her as he stood next to the
table.

Ariel snubbed out her smoke and walked unsteadily towards him.  She was more
frightened now then in the warehouse and clutched her upper arms in her hands as
she eyed the men in the room.  In the warehouse she'd been scared but had no
idea what to except, now visions of the men using her didn't frighten her, she'd
been used many times already.  What scared her was the idea of being sent to the
motel, of not seeing Wanda or Nadia again, and of what Leonard said about doing
to Wanda.

Jeremy stood up and approached Leonard, "hey Boss man I need to be gettin off to
attend to some shit, love to stick around for the fun but didn't think you'd be
needin me tonight".

Leonard didn't take his eyes off Ariel as she stood trembling before him, "that
be fine but you be keepin yerself available cause I gonna need you to get Wanda
for me tomorrow".

"No problem Boss man, you save me a piece of this fine ass you hear" Jeremy
replied slapping Ariel lightly on her ass.  As he left the room everyone
chuckled at Leonard's reply, "her ass not be so fine by time you get back bro".

Ariel started crying, as the door banged shut she found her voice, "please Pimp
Daddy what I done wrong ............I jus be wantin to be with you" she said as
she wiped the tears from her eyes.

Leonard grabbed her hair and threw her towards the fat Mexican who wrapped his
arms around her.  He started pawing at her tits, untying the sash that held her
dress on he roughly pulled it from her body then pushed her towards on of the
black drug dealers.  He pulled her arms away from her body then grabbed her
small breasts pinching Ariel's pink nipples until she cried out.  Then he pushed
her to the other dealer who roughly shoved his hand under the waist band of her
thong and groped her cunt.  "Hey this bitch be all ready for a party" he
exclaimed as he felt her slick hole.  Then he pushed her to Ernie.

"She's a fine looking one Leonard", the Mexican said.  "Maybe a reverse trade
this trip my friend, her ......and that slut mother of her's for some
merchandise.  The two of them would be a good addition to the show I was talking
about" he told Leonard as he looked over Ariel's slim body.

Ernie yanked at the thong until he tore it from her body, the material pulled up
between her slit and cheeks and Ariel squealed in discomfort until the brief
garment gave way.  Then Ernie grabbed Ariel's face between his hands jerking her
so she was looking at him.  "We be havin fun tonight sweat meat" he laughingly
told her, then he pushed her towards Leonard.  Ariel stumbled in her heels and
fell to her knees, she remained there sobbing with her arms covering her
breasts.

"What you be coverin up bitch ......don't you be trying to fool me .......you
been showing off them tits and cunt to everyone.  Git up so my friends can see". 
Ariel quickly stood and lowered her arms so they could look at her nude body. 
She kept her head down and felt the hot tears drip onto her breasts as she
listened to them talk about her.

"She got bigger boobs then her momma has, nice cunt too, not all hairy" one
black drug dealer commented.

"She got no hair now" Ernie laughingly told the men.

The other black whistled then walked around her fondling her tits and ass.  He
slid his hand between her thighs which Ariel parted without being told to.  His
finger felt rough against her skin but she didn't move.  "She ain't exactly like
you done said Leonard, this be one experienced whore but like he said she be one
fine looking pussy even if she be nothin but a whore now".

As Ariel stood there being inspected like an animal her mind raced at the
comments they were making about her body.  She realized that they were talking
about her "real" mother Edith.  Ariel was scared but she also wondered where
these men had seen her and if she was alright.

The Mexican approached Ariel, unlike the other two he was experienced in the
trading of flesh.  He looked Ariel over, running his hands over her naked skin,
pushing two stubby fingers into her  cunt.  "She's greased up and ready, bend
over lets see how tight you are girl" he ordered Ariel.

Ariel felt her cheeks become hot but she bent over spreading her legs apart and
reaching back and spreading her ass cheeks.  She felt his fingers exploring her
exposed asshole, he pushed one finger in and wiggled it around inside her. 
"She's not new and greased up here too Leonard, she still looks fresh enough
even if she's been used some" he said as he pulled out his finger and wiped the
excess jelly off on her upturned ass.

Ariel started to straighten up but Leonard told her to be still.  He came around
and looked between her parted cheeks, "girl you been havin time of your life
selling you ass ain't you".

The blood rushing to her head already was giving her a headache, Ariel sobbed
her answer to Leonard's question.  "Pimp Daddy it been for you .......I been
working hard for you.  Momma done showed me how to make you good money".

"Fuck that bitch ........she gonna find out she be nothing but a god damn whore
when I git done with you.  First though I gonna find out what been going on
tween you two.  Ernie come here and help me".

Leonard grabbed a handful of Ariel's hair and jerked her up, then he grabbed her
arms and lifted her up and threw her on top of the table on her back.  Ariel's
head hit the table with a painful thump, Ernie quickly grabbed her wrists and
tied her hands together then secured the rope to the table legs.  Then he
grabbed one ankle, pulled off her shoe and after knotting the end of the rope
around it tied it off on one of the overhead pipes.  Then he tied the other
ankle the same way so Ariel was now spread out on her back, her legs held up and
her hips pulled painfully apart so her cunt and ass were open.  She lay on her
back staring at the ceiling, she was expecting to be used by them, but hadn't
expected to be tied up.

"Fore we git started I'm gonna find out what been going on while I gone" Leonard
announced.  He turned towards Ernie, "you want some fun bro" he asked the
grinning fat sadist.

"You bet it Boss man .......what I gonna git to do" he asked with childlike glee
in his voice.

"Well I be asking questions and you ...........well you just don't do nothing
that does any real damage, you git to do that when I get Wanda down here".

Ernie pulled up a chair between Ariel's spread legs, the others crowded around
to watch as Leonard walked over to Ariel's head.  He saw her tears running down
her cheeks, the look of fear in her eyes and how her breasts jiggled as she took
ragged breaths of air into her lungs.

"Now you answer me bitch ........what you and Wanda been doing".

Ariel looked up into his hard face, she didn't understand why they weren't
having sex with her. She answered Leonard in a quivering voice.  "Pimp Daddy
momma had me go to work for you ....she just had me doing what the other girls
do".

She saw Leonard nod his head then she felt an undescribable pain just below her
pussy.  Ernie had taken his cigarette and touched the glowing ember of it
lightly against the area of skin between Ariel's pussy and asshole.  Ariel
thrashed about on the table top shrieking out in pain, "AHHHHHHHEEEEE".

Again Ernie touched the tender area and Ariel cried out, lifting herself off the
table by her leg muscles as she tried to escape the intolerable pain being
inflicted on her.  "NOOOOOO .....god daddy nooooooo" she wailed as her body
thrashed about in pain.

"OK then you be tellin your daddy what been going on with you and Wanda bitch"
Leonard asked her in a calm detached manner.

Ariel started babbling about what went on at the apartment.  As Ernie was
allowed to use the cigarette against her flesh she screamed out how she had sex
with Wanda every morning.  How she had sex with the other women, how she fucked
men for money and paraded around the lounge so they'd buy her.

Ernie was skillful with his smoke, then he started using a candle also, he used
it much as he had on Edith, against the inside of her ass cheeks, against the
area just outside her pussy lips, along the backs of her knees.  Each time he
touched her with the flame or ember Ariel wailed in pain and provided more
details of her time as Leonard's whore.

Ernie lowered her feet and used the cigarette on the underside of each of
Ariel's toes of her right foot.  Ariel body thrashed around on the table top as
she told the story of the man that bought her during her period.  As Ernie
worked on her left foot Ariel whimpered out how Wanda had used the dildo in her
ass.   Then as he played the flame of the candle along the soles of her feet she
admitted to being Wanda's "love girl", how she enjoyed sleeping with her and
finally in agony as he held the candle flame just under her anus she proclaimed
her devotion to Pimp Daddy and how she wanted to go to work at the motel so she
could earn him money.

Leonard had Ernie release Ariel's wrists then had her kneel on the floor so she
could service each of the men with her mouth.  Finally he ordered her to her
knees on top of the table.  Ariel rested her forehead on the top and pushed her
ass up into the air as she pulled her cheeks apart exposing her well used butt
hole.  Leonard looked at the puckered opening of her rectum, he'd wanted to do
this to her virgin ass but that had already been taken.  He remembered how tight
it looked when he'd seen it the first time, now he could tell Ariel had been
used anally many times.  He positioned the head of his cock against the star
shaped opening, gripped Ariel's hips and shoved the head inside the tight ring
of muscle.

Ariel groaned with pain, after having the candle scorching her hole the pain
from his intrusion wasn't that bad.  She grunted and pushed back, breathing like
Wanda had taught her, though Leonard was indeed much larger then the dildo he
found his spit slick cock buried up to his balls inside Ariel's tight tunnel
with only two strokes.

Ariel felt her back passage being stretched beyond anything that she could
imagine.  Her low grunts turned into loud mournful cries but didn't come close
to expressing how it felt to be filled with such a large cock.  Ariel's
fingernails dug into her skin as she held herself open so Leonard could assault
her ass.  With each downward thrust her body became able to accept the black
intruder being forced inside her.  As he withdrew Ariel exhaled with relief only
to feel him begin the downward journey again.

Leonard pumped away for what seemed hours to Ariel but was actually less then 10
minutes, then he pumped his seed deep into her as he rotated his hips around so
her hole was enlarged even more.  When Leonard pulled out with a wet popping
sound Ariel breathed a sigh of relief.

The Mexican took her ass next without even allowing all the cum to drip out.  He
drove his own sizeable manhood deep into her bowels, when he bottomed out inside
her he too undulated his hips.  Ariel could feel him grinding against her
upturned ass, she gasped in short breaths of air and clenched the edge of the
table top tightly but didn't try to pull away.  Ernie sat by her head telling
her to fuck back or he'd be allowed to have her again for some additional fun
time.  Ariel cried out her desire to be fucked harder and rocked back against
the cock squeezing down on it trying her best to please him even if the entire
length of her rectum felt as if was on fire.

"Yes .................god yes fuck my ass ..........fuck it HARD
..............push it up inside me more" she panted out, partially in fear and
partially because it actually did feel good to her.

Ariel reached between her legs and started tugging at her clit, then fingering
her now wet pussy as the Mexican dumped his load into her now expanded shit
chute.  The two black drug dealers watched with growing arousal as the slim
white girl was used by Leonard then the Mexican.

They wanted somewhere where it was a bit more comfortable so as Ernie took
Ariel's cum dripping and sore ass they followed Leonard to one of the motel
rooms where they could use a relatively clean bed.  Once Ernie was finished
fucking Ariel he had her suck his cock clean of the accumulated cum covering it. 
Even though Ariel had been cleaned out by Wanda she still farted out a dirty
brown stream of cum from her distended asshole.  Ernie made her clean up the
table and floor with her tongue, then allowed her to wash herself with the cold
water from the shower.

As Ariel shivered in the cold water Ernie watched her, and entertained himself
by telling Ariel what he was going to do to Wanda.  He also told her Leonard was
going to sell her to the Mexican so she could star in the show with a donkey and
her mother.   Ariel's brain had shut down to everything except the pain of her
own ordeal.  She wasn't interested in the future beyond the next hour or so. 
Finally Ariel was allowed to dress and Ernie took her to the motel room.

The two black drug dealers were not any better or worse then any other customer
Ariel had serviced since becoming a whore.  She sucked and fucked them with
skill and enthusiasm, glad neither one wanted to fuck her ass as she was sore. 
As she lay on her back or braced herself on her knees as the two used her, she
mouthed her sexual satisfaction with great gusto.  When they were done and had
left the room Ariel simply washed out her cunt out with water and her fingers as
the motel didn't have any douche bottles.  Then she lay on the soiled sheets and
tried to gather her thoughts, and worried about Wanda.  All the while her back
entrance throbbed from the rough use it had been subjected to.

The door opened and Ernie came into the room, as he shucked his pants Ariel
stifled her desire to cry out.  She tiredly sank to her knees and started her
well honed mouth on the task at hand.  Ariel was still repulsed by his smell and
his fat, but she remembered how he liked his sagging belly kissed.  Ariel
lavished his body with her mouth, licking his belly button clean and without
understanding which "momma" he was talking about imitating tongued his ass hole
as he knelt on the bed.




Chapter 17

As the men left the motel room to talk and smoke while Ernie kept Ariel company
two cars in the street watched the scene quietly.  As Leonard and the three men
stood outside the motel smoking and talking they started their cars and drove
into the parking lot slowly.  The two black drug dealers thought Ariel was a
good fuck, and thought perhaps another visit to her mother would be fun before
they left.  The Mexican started dickering about how much Leonard wanted for
Ariel, he didn't think he should pay for Edith as she technically didn't belong
to Leonard.  As they talked Leonard saw the two cars pull into the parking lot
of the motel.

They were both late model sedans, dark in color and inside each car were two
white men.  The cars parked several feet away from the four men, one in front of
them and the other off to there rear.  As the men exited the cars Leonard saw
they were dressed in slacks and sports jackets and had the look of police
officers, each carried a flashlight in their left hands.

"Shit" one of the black drug dealers muttered.

"Don't worry bout it, this be my property and we be allowed to have guns on
private property.  Jus be cool man and lets see what they want.  Don't do
nothing ....if they hassle us my lawyers git us out so don't be doin nothing
foolish" he advised the three.

Leonard turned his attention to the two officers approaching him.  "What's up
man, this be private property and I own it.  What you want" he asked almost
respectfully.

"Leonard Washington" one man asked with a slight European accent.

"Yea I be him .....now what you want man"?

In reply to his question the four men drew 9MM semi automatic pistols from their
waistbands and opened fire.  The weapons had silencers so the only sound was the
muffled report of the dozen or so shots that ripped into the bodies of the four
men.  They slumped down onto the pavement twitching as blood gushed out of the
holes punctured into their bodies.  Two of the men calmly walked over to each
body and placed a single shot into their head splashing brain matter, bone and
blood all over the pavement.

The other two swiftly kicked open the door to the room occupied by Ernie and
Ariel.  As the door smashed open they saw Ernie on his hands and knees being
serviced from behind by a slim white girl.  Ernie looked up with anger at being
disturbed then at seeing the guns he jumped off the bed knocking Ariel onto the
floor.

"What the fuck".

The two men fired several shots into Ernie's fat body, his bulk kept him from
being thrown back.  He sank to his knees with a surprised look on his face.  One
man stepped up and fired a single bullet into his temple splattering his brains
along the wall and across Ariel's nude body. 

Ariel watched in horror as Ernie was gunned down, then she screamed out as the
warm blood spattered across her face and chest.  Ariel become hysterical, and
crawled into the corner of the room as one of the men approached her.  He
holstered his weapon and grabbed her under the arms and lifted her easily from
the floor.  Ariel started to struggle but the man effortlessly held onto her and
started for the door as the second man grabbed a blanket.

They quickly bundled the terrified naked girl into the back seat of the car,
covering her with the blanket and shoving her onto the floor.   Ariel continued
to scream incoherently as they sped away from the slaughter, finally the man
holding her down slapped her across the face silencing her.

Ariel huddled under the blanket not knowing what was going on.  In less then a
month her life had been completely destroyed.  The well to do family life she'd
enjoyed had ended with her brutal rape, she'd been turned into a prostitute,
sold to anyone that had the price.  Then she'd been pulled from the relative
safety of that haven to be tortured and brutalized for no apparent reason.  Now
she had seen a man killed right in front of her, even through she hated the fat
black man she couldn't believe what had happened.  She could feel the sticky
blood on her skin, as the car drove along the streets Ariel fainted.




Chapter 18

Ariel felt the soft sheets against her skin, her head rested on a soft pillow
and in her dazed state believed she was home, with her parents and that
everything she had experienced had simply been a terrible nightmare.  Then she
heard Wanda's voice talking to someone, everything rushed back to her, it wasn't
a dream, Ariel moaned then sank back into her slumber.

The Doctor had attended to Ariel's various burn marks and applied a salve so
they'd heal along with giving her a shot for the pain.  He also provided medical
attention to her abused rectum but assured Wanda she wasn't in any danger, then
gave her some additional sedatives to give Ariel so she's be able to sleep
soundly through the end of the next day.

Wanda and Nadia attended to Ariel, one of them kept a watch over her as she
tossed and turned in her drug induced sleep.  Wanda couldn't stay with her as
she had things to do, but Nadia didn't leave her side.  Wanda recognized Nadia's
love for the sleeping girl, but wasn't jealous.  She knew that even if Ariel
could remain with her it would always be a relationship of mother/daughter even
through they had sex together.  With Nadia it was one of equals enjoying a
different bond between them.  Wanda sighed because she wished it could be
different, but life wasn't always fair.

By Thursday Ariel finally was able to sleep without any more medication.  When
she awoke early Friday morning  Nadia fed her in bed and assured her that Wanda
would be back very shortly.  As Wanda entered her apartment Ariel was sitting in
a robe, smoking and reading the paper.  Ariel looked up at Wanda and smiled,
"guess he wouldn't be getting any awards if they knew just what he liked" Ariel
said as she held up a picture of a prominent businessman and his wife receiving
an award for their charity work.

"My love girl be up and feeling alright" Wanda asked as she rushed over and
hugged Ariel tightly.  She looked at the picture and laughed with Ariel, "well
child that why we be in business, that man got a want he need to fill".

Ariel just shook her head slightly and looked at the picture of the man she had
entertained while she had been on her period.  Then Ariel returned the hug,
kissing Wanda affectionately "momma what happened ...........Pimp Daddy was
coming for you", Ariel hugged her tight and started crying into her shoulder. 
"Momma ............momma they killed him ...............he was horrible but they
killed him" Ariel sobbed as she clung to Wanda tightly.

"Now there my little love girl you don't be worrin none bout that ..........old
Ernie was a bad dude and old Leonard he be one dead nigger too child".

Ariel pulled away from Wanda with a look of bewilderment, "he's ...........he's
dead" Ariel asked in disbelief.

"Sure nuff child and he not be hurtin you ........or me no more" Wanda assured
her.

Jeremy entered the apartment and saw the two holding each other and started to
leave.  "Don't be goin now Jer ..........you ain't been properly introduced to
my love girl have ya" Wanda called out to him.

Jeremy walked towards them smiling broadly, "hi Ariel nice to meet you under
better circumstances" he said extending his hand to her.  As Ariel shook it he
continued to talk to her, "sorry bout the other night ..........not much I could
do ...........I .........well I couldn't stop them right away but it turned out
OK after all ....jus like I said".

Ariel was full of questions but Wanda brushed them aside telling her they didn't
concern her.  Then she told her something that took her completely by surprise. 
"Now how bout my love girl gettin cleaned up and I be havin Jeremy take you home
child" Wanda asked.

"Home ..........ummm ..........I am home momma" Ariel replied in all honesty.

"Not this home child ......I mean to yer real home ..........back to yer momma
and daddy .........you know Edith and Neil ...........I suspect they miss you
child".  As Wanda told Ariel she could return home tears leaked down her face,
Ariel hugged Wanda tightly and couldn't even talk she was so overcome by
emotion.

Ariel showered, she looked over her body at the small scabs that had formed from
being burned by Ernie.  She still couldn't believe Leonard was dead, or that
Wanda and Jeremy were now controlling the business.  As she dried herself she
started thinking about Nadia, of not seeing her again, and of Wanda.  She found
herself crying again.

When she came out of the bathroom she saw Wanda had laid out a skirt and blouse
for her to wear along with a pair of low heeled pumps, and matching black
panties and bra.  After she dressed she couldn't believe how normal she looked. 
Except for her hair she looked much like she did when she left for dinner with
her parents one summer Saturday afternoon that seemed so long ago.

Ariel kissed Wanda goodby and for the first time went out the front gate that
was always locked and walked towards the car waiting for her at the curb.  As
she opened the front door she realized that someone was sitting in the back
seat, when she looked she saw Nadia sitting there.  At first she didn't
recognize her, for one thing she had cloths on, not the sexy underwear or robe
she was used to seeing her in and she had just a hint of makeup on.

Ariel looked at Jeremy sitting behind the wheel smiling at her, then she slammed
the front door and climbed into the back seat and embraced her friend.  The both
hugged and kissed each other as tears streamed down their faces.  Jeremy didn't
say anything he simply started the car and drove away.

The two girls didn't talk on the short 20 minute ride to Ariel's home, they
simply held hands and exchanged glances.  Finally the car pulled up to the house
Ariel had grown up in and Jeremy turned towards the back seat to talk to them 
"Listen up now, Wanda and me taken a big chance with you two, we talked it over
tween the two of us and .....well .......Wanda want this so I agreed", as he
talked to them the two girls held hands and stared at him intently.

Ariel realized first what he was talking about, the were both being set free,
but he and Wanda were taking a gamble on them not talking to the authorities. 
Jeremy continued to talk but Ariel had already made up her mind that she
wouldn't report what had been done to her, or Nadia.  She also knew she wouldn't
report on what went on at the apartment complex.

Jeremy continued, "We ain't threaten you two .........we just hopen that you
just try and forget what went on.  We got no hold on you but Wanda
...........well Wanda want it this way.........she really do love you Ariel
........maybe not like you two do each other ......but she does care for you
....so we understand each other now".

"Yes ..........yes Jeremy I do and so does Nadia ........don't worry we won't
say anything ..........promise" Ariel assured him with a smile, then she kissed
him lightly on the lips and as they started to leave the car Jeremy gave them a
slip of paper with Wanda's cell phone number, just in case they needed to get in
touch with her.

Ariel bounded up the steps with Nadia in tow and burst through the front door
calling out to her parents.   Even though it was almost a month since she'd seen
them Ariel assumed the were alright and waiting for her to come home.  What she
found when she entered the house was almost as bad as being forced into
prostitution.

The house was in disarray, it hadn't been cleaned since her parent's had been
dropped off that Saturday night.  Unwashed dishes filled the sink, empty cans
from food overfilled the trash, the house itself was dirty and smelled as if the
windows hadn't been opened in weeks.  When she found her father sitting in the
living room Ariel wept at the sight.

Neil was wearing his normal dress, a dirty T-shirt and a pair of slacks.  He
hadn't shaved since being dropped off by Leonard's men and he only bathed once a
week since then.  As usual he was drinking and watching TV.  He looked up at his
daughter and the stranger with her as they stood in the entrance way, he felt a
tear run down his cheek then lowered his eyes and took a long sip of his drink.

"Daddy" Ariel cried out and rushed over to him, he stank of sweat and booze but
she hugged him tight and sat on the floor at his feet.  "Daddy I'm home
.........daddy what's the matter"?

"So the other slut's home ......who's your friend ........another slut for the
house" Neil muttered, his alcohol addled brain not functioning fully.

Ariel was taken aback by his comment, she was stunned by his appearance but hurt
by his comment.  "Daddy .......what .........what do you mean" the now
disheartened teenager asked as she started to cry.  Nadia stood off to one side
feeling uncomfortable with the situation, she understood enough English to know
things were not going well.

Neil looked at her but he no longer could see his bright young 19 year old
daughter that had been the light of his life.  Now all he could see when he
looked at her was her kneeling on the floor sucking one man's cock after
another.  He could picture her laying on her back with cum leaking out of her
ravaged vagina and had visions of her walking the streets in a skimpy skirt
trying to attract customer's.  Edith had told him what Leonard had said Ariel
was doing, how she was willingly selling herself for him, given how Edith had
changed Neil now thought of his daughter as a whore.  His memories of happier
times had been destroyed by what had been done and the booze he sought comfort
in.

"You and her can fuck all you want ........I don't care" Neil uttered to her in
a booze slurred voice.  Looking up at Nadia, "she gonna stay here and fuck too"
he asked.

Ariel couldn't believe her what he was saying, tears streamed down her face as
her father pulled away from her and got up to make another drink.  Ariel was
shattered, she knelt on the carpet and buried her face into the couch cushions
until Nadia come over to comfort her.

Ariel watched him stumble towards the bar then she got up and went looking for
her mother.  She called out for her as she ran through the house trying to find
her.  The downstairs was empty and Ariel rushed upstairs calling out for her
mother.

When she reached the master bedroom she burst through the door and was stunned
into silence at what she saw.  There was her mother, on her knees being fucked
by a stranger doggie style as she sucked on another man's cock.  Ariel stood
there in shock, as her mother's body was buffeted back and forth by the rutting
man as she gave the other one a blow job.

"Mother ........what .........what are you doing" Ariel screamed out in
disbelief.

The man buried his cock deep inside her mother's twat then turned his head, "hey
this the young one you told us about" he asked as resumed his interrupted sex
act.

The man laying on his back looked up at Ariel and smiled broadly, then pulled
Edith's eager mouth from his cock, "come on honey why don't you finish me up. 
Edith here told us about you, would love to see them young lips wrapped around
my old pecker here" he told her as he fisted his hard penis.

Edith turned her face towards her daughter, her hair was tangled from the man's
grasp.  "Hey Ariel they'll pay double for both of us, hurry up and get
undressed" Edith told her unbelieving daughter.  Just then the man fucking her
stabbed deep into Edith and announced he'd finished his fucking by groaning
loudly and hugging Edith's upturned ass tightly against his crotch.

Edith laughed then called to Ariel, "well guess he's done for a bit, but this
one's still got some juice left".  Edith then went back to sucking up and down
on the man's penis as the other one slumped to one side and tried to catch his
breath.

"NOOOOOOOOOO" Ariel cried out and rushed from the room, slamming her own bedroom
door and throwing herself on the bed and sobbing into her pillow.  She heard her
door open, when she turned she saw her father leaning unsteadily against the
door jam smiling lewdly at her.

"How bout you give your old dad a hummer before you go to work.  You must have
gotten better at it since the last time" he asked her in a slurred voice.

Ariel flew up from the bed and pushed him into the hall where he fell against
the wall and slumped down to the floor.  Then she slammed her door and jammed a
chair against it so no one could get in.  Ariel looked around her room, it was
just as she had left it almost a month ago.  The white lacy sheets, the matching
canopy above it, the sunlight streaming into the room from the afternoon sun.

Ariel feel onto her bed and cried until she had no more tears left.  Her mother
pounded on the door for her to come out so they could go out together.  Ariel
covered her head with her pillow until she was finally left alone.  She fell
into an uneasy sleep and awoke sometime late that evening.

She changed into jeans, a sweatshirt and some tennis shoes then crept downstairs
to see what was happening.  Neil was passed out on the couch and her mother was
gone.  She couldn't wake him so she went looking for something to eat.

When she entered the kitchen Nadia was sitting there drinking coffee and staring
out the window into the large backyard.  "This nice house Anne" she said smiling
at her friend.

"Yes ......yes it used to be" Ariel answered her in a tired voice.  There was
little food in the house but she finally found something and made dinner for
both of them, then they both waited in the dining room smoking and having a
drink waiting for her mother to return.

Nadia finally broke the silence, "Anne I go ...you be with family now no need
for me here" she told Ariel.

Ariel looked at her friend and smiled softly at her.  "My names not Anne, it's
Ariel and there's no need for you to go.  Where would you go anyway we don't
have any money" Ariel answered in a sad voice.

"No we do .....look" Nadia told her excitedly as she opened her purse and pulled
out a large bundle of bills.  "In your purse too", she said opening Ariel's and
showing her another large bundle of bills.

Ariel counted out the money and found each had been given $5,000 by Wanda. 
"Damn that's a lot of money" Ariel exclaimed.

"Yes we be able to live long time on this" Nadia said.

Ariel took Nadia's hand in hers and kissed it softly then held it close to her
face.  "Not really ....I mean it's a lot of money but it won't last to long".

The two of them finally went into the den and watched TV, neither one knowing
just what they were going to do.  For Nadia it was the first time in 2 years she
hadn't been forced to have sex with someone.  For Ariel it allowed her some time
to let her mind think about what they were going to do.

It was obvious to Ariel that her father and mother had become unbalanced by what
had happened but she didn't know what to do about it.  As they sat there Neil
wondered into the room and sat in a chair drinking and looking at them.

"Daddy can I make you something to eat" Ariel asked in a soft girlish voice.

Neil stared at her, then looked over at Nadia, finally he spoke.  "No ...don't
need no food but you both have something I do want" he answered as his hand
rested on his crotch.

Ariel flared up in anger at her father, "fuck you ........FUCK YOU god dammit,
you want to stay drunk and feel sorry for yourself then that's fine.  You think
it's hard for you .....WHAT ABOUT ME.  The bastards raped ME ........they made
me .....made me", then Ariel broke down in tears and buried her face into
Nadia's shoulder.

Neil didn't even react to his daughter's outburst, he got up and left the room
leaving the sobbing girl in her friends care.  Ariel finally was able to get
herself together, she washed her face and returned to the den.  Nadia was
sitting there watching TV, Ariel took her hand and led her to her bedroom,
closing the door and blocking it with a chair so it couldn't be opened.

They both undressed and climbed under the covers, embracing each other and
kissing tenderly until the heard the knock at the door.  "Hey it's your mother
you in there" Edith called out.  Neither one spoke, they heard her talking with
someone, a male voice was heard then they heard them walk away.  Ariel looked at
the clock, it was 11:00 P.M. and her mother was with a man.

Nadia and Ariel  got up the next morning, Ariel again dressed in her jeans and
sweatshirt.  Since none of her cloths would fit Nadia she wore the same
conservative skirt and blouse Wanda had given her.  Ariel took her own BMW and
they went shopping for food.  When they returned she made breakfast for them and
her father who she finally got up and into the kitchen.  She tried to talk to
him as they ate but he only picked at his food and kept his eyes glued to the
table top.  Neil got up and made himself a drink then returned to the kitchen
and sipped it slowly looking blankly at his daughter and Nadia until Edith
finally came downstairs wearing just a long silk robe and mules.

"Well looks like you two are having a good time" Edith announced in her usual
snooty tone of voice.  "You didn't make anything for me .....who's that bitch"
she asked looking annoyed at Ariel.

Ariel lighted a cigarette and sipped her coffee as she eyed her mother through
the haze of smoke. "What's going on here" Ariel asked in a low tone of voice. 

"What goes on here is my business .....mine and needle dick's .....it's our
house and who told you smoking was allowed in here" Edith barked out as she
poured herself coffee.  "Who's your friend", Edith asked as she sat down at the
table staring at Nadia who was sipping her coffee and trying to figure out what
was going on.

"Her name is Nadia and ......well .....we became friends while I was on
vacation" Ariel answered back sarcastically.

Edith eyed the fidgeting young women closely,  "How nice, well since she's here
it will help with the bills.  Old needle dick is selling the business and I've
been thinking of going into business.  I'm going to call Pimp Daddy and see if
he will help me with some girls, but seeing as you're back ......with a second
one maybe we don't have to bother him at all".

Ariel couldn't believe her ears, her mother wanted to go into the prostitution
business, with Leonard.  She actually expected that she and Nadia would work for
her.  She looked at her mother for a few moments before responding.  "If you
want to call Pimp Daddy it's going to be long distance because he's dead, along
with Ernie and a couple of his other men.  Wanda and Jeremy are running the
business now and they don't need you" Ariel hissed at her.

Edith was shocked at the news, "Dead ......when .......how" she gasped.

Ariel lighted up another smoke, blew out a stream of smoke at her mother and
answered her in an off hand manner.  "Couple of days ago".

Edith was to stunned to even admonish her daughter for smoking, she sat there
looking at her coffee trying to think of something to say.

"As for working for you that's bullshit.  Nadia and I are going out" Ariel
announced taking Nadia's hand in hers leading her out to her car. 

Ariel took Nadia to the mall and helped her purchase some cloths to wear.  She
bought some jeans and shirts, tennis shoes and a few other items.  It was late
afternoon before they returned to Ariel's home.

They found Neil drunk on the couch but Edith was in the dining room on the
phone.  Ariel didn't bother to even talk to them they both went to her room. 
Once there Ariel laid down on the bed and Nadia sat in a chair.

Finally Nadia approached Ariel and sat next to her stroking her hair softly,
then she leaned over and kissed her on the lips.  Ariel's arms went around her
neck and drew her down with her.  They lay in each other's arms for hours
kissing each other softy but not taking off their cloths.  Later that night they
went downstairs to eat then returned to Ariel's room where they both undressed
and fell asleep together.  Early that morning Ariel heard the sounds of her
mother having sex in the house.  She laid very quietly in Nadia's arms hoping
she was asleep and didn't hear. 

After several days of being around the house and trying to talk to her father
Ariel finally just gave up on trying to get him to stop drinking.  As for her
mother the two barely talked at all and both made sure to stay out of each
other's way.  The only thing that happened that was "normal" was the acceptance
notice to college arrived for her.  It had been something Ariel had been looking
forward to but now it only made her cry as she remembered her life before that
Saturday night.

Ariel was trying to decide what to do, except for the money Wanda had given them
they were both broke.  Neither one had a way to make enough money to support
themselves on their own, except for the occupation Wanda had taught them.  Ariel
knew they couldn't stay at the house forever, Nadia didn't even have legal
status in the country so working for her in any legitimate job was out of the
question.

Ariel and Nadia finally found themselves alone in the house, Edith hadn't come
home and Neil, for the first time in the two weeks since she'd returned, was not
there when they got up.  After breakfast the two friends found themselves in bed
together making love for the first time since Wanda had let them go.  They both
worked hard to pleasure the other, after two hours of love making the two girls
lay entwined in each other's arms to tired to get up and shower.  Ariel's
reverie was broken by the knock at her bedroom door.

"Who is it" she asked annoyed at being disturbed.

"It's me ...........your father".

Ariel was surprised, he wasn't slurring his words.  "What do you want" she asked
with impudence.  Nadia was awake now and lay next to her wondering what was
going on.

"Ariel I need to see you .......downstairs.  We need to talk and I want to do it
before your mother gets home".

"Let me shower and I'll be right down".

Ariel quickly showered and wearing jeans and a T-shirt went down to see what her
father wanted.  When she entered his office she saw he had showered, shaved and
was wearing a suit, he looked just like he always had.  "Yes Dad what is it" she
asked in the same manner she had so many times in the past.

"Ariel I can't tell you how sorry I am .......no don't interrupt me ........it
wasn't anyone's fault ....I'm sorry about how I treated you when you came home. 
Your mother and I ....well ....we have some problems but I don't want your life
ruined by this.  There is an account I've sent money to for you, I sold the
business and transferred enough money into this account so you can go to college
and get a start in life away from here.  It's for the best, maybe later your
mother and I can see you but it's best that you and your friend go .....and go
now".

Ariel stared at her father, then as tears welled up in her eyes she rushed over
to him and hugged him tightly, "Daddy I love you .....please let me stay".

"No it's for the best that you go ......later maybe you can come home but now
you need to get a fresh start".  Neil kissed his daughter gently on the cheek,
handed over the envelope containing the information on her money.

Ariel quickly packed what she was going to take then with Nadia's help loaded
her car with their belongings so she could leave to start college.  Edith hadn't
come home so she kissed her father one last time and the two young women drove
away from the house together.  This wasn't how Ariel had envisioned leaving for
college but there was nothing more she could do for her parents.

Ariel took a route that brought her in front of the apartment complex, she
parked across the street and looked at it.  Nadia sat in the car afraid someone
would come out and force them back to work there.

Ariel leaned over to her lover and embraced her, kissing her softly on the lips,
using her tongue to probe her mouth gently.  The two former prostitutes kissed
and held each other for several minutes then Ariel broke the embrace.

Looking at Nadia's features Ariel smiled a real smile for the first time since
her life was shattered, "OK Nadia we're going .........we have enough money now
so we don't have to work and I can finish college.  We'll find a way for you to
stay here legally .........Nadia ......I .........I love you".

Nadia smiled her first real smile  in two years, then kissed Ariel softly on the
lips "thank you .....I love you to".

The two women drove off together, never looking back again at the place where
they met.

Comments on story are appreciated E-mail address kls-1@rocketmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Ken


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





