BDSM Library - Heather's Trials




Heather's Trials
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman takes a car ride that changes her life.
Heather's Trials
Chapter One


As I sit her now, I can barely think back to when it all started.  It seems like
forever ago and I don't really want to remember.  But all the gory details are
still etched in my mind as if burned there for eternity and I can relive them in
my nightmares each time I go to sleep.

The psychiatrist keeps telling me that I need to "talk it out" of me and I have
resisted until now.  I didn't think anyone really wanted to hear all the
specifics and, the one time that I confided in a boyfriend, he got so sexually
excited that he came in his pants listening!  I was horrified that my story
could have such an effect on a male!  Now I know that most guys truly like to
hear about this kind of thing and the rest are out there doing it day after day
to girls like me.  I guess telling you is a risk but I've got to end the dreams
somehow and I know you really care about me, don't you?  I suppose I should
start right from the beginning...


I got up that morning knowing that something big would happen that day. Ha, ha!
What I didn't know was just how big and that my feeling of anticipation was
about an emotional disaster - not the joys I always fantasize about.  Looking
back now, I should have listened more carefully to what my mind was telling me
about the future.  But how was I to know?

Anyway, I awoke to the clear, sunny and bright morning light filtering through
my lacy pink bedroom drapes stretched and yawned.   I felt like a new woman
after a good night's sleep but, then again, I was only 20 then and although I
wasn't growing anymore, I was hoping someday for larger tits like my friends
had.  But it didn't look like that was going to happen: my 5'7" frame still
hasn't blossomed into the womanly body I'm sure it will sooner or later.  I was
still cute back then with soft, thick hair and a smile my parents said was the
light of their world.

I tossed off my nightie and stood nude in from of the full-length mirror, gazing
at myself from head to foot, liking what I saw.  I had only started growing
pubic hair in my late teens and I wasn't all that fond of it so I'd started
shaving.  Now I had my youthful-looking pussy back again and I was able to see
the top of the hood over my clitoris once more.  I had loved to see it when I
was younger and I had played with it until I felt a strange sensation coming
over me one night and had my first orgasm.  It almost made me pass out with
pleasure and, since then, I've never stopped enjoying toying with my treasure.
Why are you laughing, silly?  Of course it was a treasure to me; it still is, no
matter what happened back then!  And, yes, I might show it to you sometime, if
you're a gentleman!

Abandoning my reflection, I hurried to the bathroom and peed.  I clearly
remember that because I started feeling horny as soon as my butt hit the cold
seat.  I leaned back and waited for it to start and, while I was waiting, I
opened my legs slightly and started playing with my clit again.  This wasn't the
best time for this sort of thing and it couldn't last long if I started peeing
but I couldn't help myself.  I closed my eyes and imagined the boyfriend doing
the rubbing and pulling.  It was the same dream I usually had but this time, it
went a lot further.  I usually think about him doing me with his hands while
kissing me lying beside me.  It almost always gets me so hot that I know I'm
going to have another blessed orgasm.  But this time, I pictured myself being
touched with my eyes closed while lying in a large grassy expanse somewhere I
didn't recognize.  I was getting closer and closer to bliss in my fantasy (and
on the toilet!) when an unusual thought came into my head: I had this
overwhelming feeling that I was being watched while lying in my imaginary meadow
but I couldn't open my eyes too soon or I'd lose the feeling.  My boyfriend was
happily oblivious to my feelings that we were being observed and getting my very
wet and he brought me closer to release.  Then a shadow crossed behind my
eyelids and I gasped, opening my eyes and, standing above us was a tall black
woman.  She looked down at us and smiled a wicked grin just as my orgasm started
and I cried out, in surprise, fear, embarrassment and bliss.  Overwhelmed by the
orgasm, I was paralyzed under the staring woman's gaze, thrashing uncontrollably
while my fantasy boyfriend nuzzled his face into my neck and encouraged me to
cum harder and deeper.  And then, the woman moved so that the sun was directly
behind her head and I was momentarily blinded so I didn't see what she swung at
my head before it pounded into the side of my head.

I was so engrossed in the fantasy that I hadn't noticed I'd started peeing
leaning back in the throes of a real orgasm.  I don't know if I cried out or not
but I was completely covered in sweat and shaking while my bladder drained into
the bowl.  It was one of the wildest orgasms of my life and I don't know why
such weirdness turned me on but it did.

After wiping, I got shakily to my feet and stumbled back the bed where I lay on
my back, returning both hands to that wondrous spot between my creamy thighs.
And there, I surrendered to more masturbation even though I wanted to shower and
get my day started.  Sometimes, a girl just needs to take care of first things
first!

After bringing one of my hands to my face, I breathed deeply of the unique and
not unpleasant scent from my orgasms, and absently opened my mouth, lightly
tasting the rich cream I always release.  Smiling, I slowly shook my head as I
finally got back to the bathroom and started the shower.

/*\*/*\*/*\*/*\*/*\*/*\*/*\*/*\*/*\

That day was supposed to just a fun day: kick back with some friends or maybe
take a long drive.  There was nothing I really had to do and I was content not
to schedule or plan anything in particular.  Turned out that I did opt for the
car ride to nowhere.  I was in the car in town and found myself heading towards
the highway onramp and out of town.

Light traffic on the spectacularly clear spring way made for easy going.  I
turned on the radio and jumped when the sound came on at some inhuman volume I'd
left it at.  Then I heard the song and it brought a huge smile to my face.  It
was a new song I had taken an instant liking to and it was starting right at the
beginning, too!  That never happens when you really want to hear a song so I
thought of it as a good sign and started singing along with the radio, casually
looking around the passing landscape.

Cars, trees, and houses gave way to much less traffic, sparser vegetation, and
rolling fields.  I gradually allowed my foot to urge my convertible Mustang to a
cruising speed far too fast for the city but fairly safe for so little traffic.
I happened to glance in my rearview mirror and gasped, noticing for the first
time a dark green sedan right behind me, matching my 75 MPH and obviously
wanting to pass.  I looked ahead and saw a turnout, which I took way too fast
but I looked to my left and saw that the car once behind me was now beside my
Mustang and pulling past like a rocket.  Before I turned back forward to ease my
car back onto the main highway surface I looked right into the eyes of a
beautiful black woman in the passenger seat of the sedan.  She had a peculiar
expression on her face and it gave me the creeps.  I slowed my car a lot faster
than necessary and allowed the green sedan to rocket past me as though I were
parked.  I just caught a glimpse of someone large behind the wheel (a man?) but
nothing more except the horrid feeling of dread.  I frowned as I gradually sped
back to my cruising speed and wondered what had spooked me.

It didn't take long before I had it: the black woman in the sedan looked very
much like the woman I had fantasized about that morning!  But how could that be?
There's no way I could have seen her this morning (or even last night before
going to sleep) and I mulled over that fact for a moment while making a gradual
left turn around a small hill beside the road.  I immediately noticed that I was
in trouble because there was another hill on the right side of the road and the
road curved a lot more sharply around this second one.  I didn't panic, though,
and I lifted my foot off the gas and covered the brakes intending to take the
curve at too high a speed but one that I figured would still keep me on the
road.  I was almost to the point where I thought the road would straighten out
once more and started to congratulate myself on the driving skill I'd displayed
at 20 years of age behind the wheel of a high performance sports car when I saw
them.  The green sedan was stopped right along the shoulder of the road I was
planning to use to straighten out the Mustang!  Without a second to think, I
slammed the brakes and swerved, barely missing the side of the sedan but over
correcting my course and heading off the road on the other side.  This time I
wasn't as lucky and I slipped off the paved surface and bounced hard on the
uneven dirt on the far side of the road's shoulder.  I was so badly jostled it
rattled my teeth and bounced my foot clean off the brakes.  My car slid sideways
a long moment, kicking up a cloud of dust before the front tires caught traction
again and whipped me around the opposite way, bouncing harder then the first
time and actually tipping the car towards a rollover.  I instantly got that
sickening feeling of vertigo but the Mustang righted itself and slid to a stop
almost at the same time, bouncing me a third time, but this time slamming my
left shoulder into the door and tossing my head about like a bobble head doll.

I wasn't sitting there stunned for very long; I couldn't have been because the
cloud of dust which surrounded me hadn't begin to settle when I saw a shadow
approaching through the choking veil of loosened dirt.  I suddenly caught my
breath and struggled in a lungful of grit as my eyes filled with the same dust
forcing me to squeeze them shut in pain.  When could breathe again and my vision
started to clear, I looked up to see a tall black woman standing beside my car
gazing down at me.  She raised her arm and I felt a sharp blow to the side of my
head before losing consciousness.


/*\*/*\*/*\*/*\*/*\*/*\*/*\*/*\*/*\

The first thing I remember after that was a sense of pleasure and warmth I
didn't want to end.  It was everywhere at once and I marveled at how wonderful
it felt.  I felt myself moving to the ebb and flow of that pleasure and began to
notice I was hearing voices, too.  I couldn't make out the words but they were a
man and a woman's coming from somewhere very close to me.  I wanted to hear the
words but the overwhelming feeling of comfort coursing through my body made the
meaning of the words irrelevant.  I was going to surrender to the warmth when I
became aware of what the feeling of pleasure was: I was masturbating and getting
soaked between my legs and I writhed to my growing passion.  But it was wrong,
all wrong.

Coming to, I was greeted by the same bright sunlight that had previously greeted
my day but, this time, it was bathing my entire body with its white heat.  And
then I saw where the voices where coming from: beside me in the full sunlight
were the black woman and a black man from the green sedan.  And I wasn't
masturbating; I was being fondled intimately by the man's surprisingly gentle
(though none the more welcome) paw between my legs!  With a start, I tried to
get up and the woman laughed in a lilting voice, which I recognized as Haitian.
She put both hands on my shoulders and firmly pushed me back down on the ground.
Looking at her hands, I saw that my shoulders were now bare where my favorite
spring top had previously covered them. Frowning, I looked down further and saw
why I was feeling the man's hand so easily between my legs: I was totally nude
and lying on a patch of grass in the direct sunlight!  I struggled to get up
again and was once again pushed down, more roughly this time, banging my head on
the firm ground beneath the grass.

In a voice as lilting as the black woman's, the man said something and I figured
they were speaking Spanish or French.  The woman laughed and shifted position,
exchanging places with the man who was holding my legs to the grass firmly.  I
thought I'd be able to move easier once the hand was removed from my crotch and
the woman's weaker arms were substituted for the black man's but I was wrong.
Her arms clamped around my calves with all the pressure of a vise and they were
forced apart unceremoniously.  While my upper body was held ridged by the man's
hands and arms, my legs were opened like a clam under a starfish's constant
pressure.  To my horror, I was able to look down and see the woman's face slowly
descending behind my opened, clean-shaven pussy!  I redoubled my struggles and
they both laughed without showing even the slightest increased effort.

My legs were quickly pulled even further apart and the laughing woman's face
disappeared from my sight.  But my eyes opened widely as I felt first her warm
breath then her face against my genitals!  I was already completely lubricated
from the unconscious fondling and now I was being forcefully fucked my some
crazy black woman's tongue!  I screamed and once more the man laughed, this time
not joined by the woman, as she was busily licking and slurping nosily between
my thighs.  I quivered as far away from the touch as possible but I totally
unable to withdraw a single inch.  The face and tongue did their dance between
my pussy's lips and over my clitoris.

I looked up into the black man's smiling face and screamed again.  He seemed
completely unmindful of the noise I was making and I soon tired of it, knowing
that if he wasn't concerned, there couldn't be a good reason to continue.
Instead I started to plead with them to stop, even as my body started to respond
to the expert ministrations of the woman's mouth.  I felt my body arch against
my will and knew I was dripping like a fountain from my excited pussy, hating
every minute of it while loving it just the same.

My body stiffened and the spasms began, my legs involuntarily clinching around
the woman's face, my pussy seeking even greater release into her eager face.
This time when I screamed, it was a scream of uncontrollable passion as the
orgasm slammed its way through me with wave after wave of overwhelming jerks and
twitches.  I was completely at the mercy of my body and it took control of my
mind as well, turning all my thoughts and words to meaningless dribble.

My devastating orgasm subsiding, I slowly returned to my senses and discovered
that the face between my legs was gone and the man and woman had once again
exchanged positions.  And as the woman said something to the black man with a
very stern look on her face, I got the distinct feeling that it wasn't something
I wanted to understand in any language!  And when the man opened my legs in the
same manner his woman had earlier, I knew I was not going to be happy about
whatever was said.  He too placed his clean-shaven face against my still
dripping pussy and opened his mouth to my juices.  His tongue was much more
insistent than the woman's and its penetration felt more like the probing of a
penis.  (By 20, I had had the experience of four lovers, about four less than
most of my peers.  Still, I was intimately familiar with feelings of opening and
widening).

His tongue did its vile dance for a few minutes longer while I stared up into
the woman's leering face.  Then my worst fears were realized as the tongue was
removed and man's body began to slide forward and over my pried open legs.  As I
looked down in horror, I saw the greedy eyes of this dark black animal, looking
more like a panther than a human.  He proceeded a lot more slowly than he needed
to, seeming to savor the anticipation of what he had in store for my helpless
body.

I couldn't help screaming again and again as the realization of what was about
to happen crashed through my panicked brain.  But his relentless forward
progress over my belly, over my small breasts (stopping to suckle at the nipples
of both, making them ridged completely against my will), over my face increased
my panic by the second.  Now in a full hopeless struggle, I felt the man's legs
working mine further and further apart, widening them for his broad hips to pass
freely between.

And as I gasped for air under the weight of his large, glistening, almost
hairless body, I felt the first touch of something like a steel bat against my
pussy's saturated lips.  A second later, I knew an agony like none I have ever
known before: his huge black cock rammed up against, between and through my
pussy's lips and all the way to the back of my vagina.  This time, my scream was
muffled by the musky taste and scent of my own body as the black man brought his
wet mouth to mine and forcefully shared my wetness with me.  Unlike the pleasant
and arousing behaviour of this morning, this assault was almost as vile as the
wickedly humongous prick planted so deeply into me that it felt as though it was
bowing the spine.

Pulling back, he almost caused me to lose consciousness.  It felt as though he
was yanking my vagina inside out or removing my cervix with a pair of pliers!
My jaws clenched and with them, my pussy clamped down on the retreating penis,
trying desperately to save itself from certain maiming and mutilation to no
avail.  I grimaced in physical grief as the insistent prick withdrew almost
completely and the man looked down into my crying eyes.  Then the agony of
another violent thrust shoved me backward into the grass, spreading my ass from
the weight and force.

He seemed to take great pleasure from looking at the pain he was causing me
simply by slowly raping me.  And the woman stared at my body as I was attacked,
carefully observing everything about the act taking place before her.  She held
my upper body in a grip totally unnecessary since the man had me so completely
at his mercy.

Then the ordeal really began.  The very slow and constant fucking I was made to
endure went on with the same laborious pace for longer than I could count.  Each
& every thrust and withdrawal brought with it new pain and horror.  I was being
torn apart slowly and there was absolutely nothing I could do about it.  In,
out, in, out - his face glistening with sweat, his cock maintaining the almost
artificial rigidity of a battering ram.  My small tits being crushed to my chest
with his maddening pace.

As I thought back to the dripping condition of my pussy before the raping began
and after both their tongues had licked and sucked me to frenzy, I knew I'd be
bleeding to death if not for the careful moistening they had brought.  Still, I
was sure there was no room for even a drop of my natural lubrication to slip
past the impossibly thick girth of the black man's cock.  On and on, the
deliberate and measured raping continued until I was barely able to keep my eyes
open or my mouth shut.

Then ever so slowly, it got worse as the pace quickened gradually.  The 'pulling
apart' feeling was gradually replaced by something like the manic screwing high
school boys all seemed to match.  The grunts from above me became more and more
guttural and the black woman's look of intensity increased with every passing
moment.  She appeared to be feeling as much from my rape as he was - getting
some sort of symbiotic pleasure from watching her man almost fuck me into the
ground.  She started to pant and sweat almost as much as he did though the
bright sunlight was warm but not hot.

Finally, the black man reached the speed of traditional screwing and maintained
it.  The size and shape of his cock didn't change but its friction increased as
though it were growing leaps and bounds.  I now felt as though my pussy was on
fire.  My previous wetness all but nonexistent now, I could feel each and every
vein in the embedded prick as it passed by my swollen and abused lips.  And he
kept up this pace for longer than any man I had ever heard of, now gleefully
enjoying the sounds and sights of my rape: looking down between us to watch his
body pass into mine; smiling at the look of utter misery on my face; staring at
my tits as they bounced back and forth under the constant motion of his fucking.

Then I felt a change.  As soon as I did, it was a mixed blessing for the man was
obviously approaching orgasm but gaining size while embedded in my crotch.  I
may have been on the verge of passing out up until then but I was slammed back
into the moment with such incredible violence my eyes lost focus of both his
face and hers.  Suddenly like a human battering ram, the black rapist finished
his deed with a thrust that completely knocked the wind from my chest, bruised
by pussy's lips like a ripe plum, and ground my ass into the grass hard enough
for me to smell the water crushed from inside.

Then the end came with his massive grunts and groaning overwhelming my attempts
to scream with no wind to do so.  And I felt the massive gush of torrents of cum
spraying into the deepest parts of my pussy, filling every single fold and
crevice of my interior completely with it.  The woman began to holler as well,
looking like she was having an orgasm at the same time her man did, her eyes
rolling up and back in her head while she shook and trembled.

As for me, there was nothing left to do but wait for my breath to return, for
his cock to cease its spasms and multiple streams of cum.  It was still buried
so far inside me that I could feel the steady flow of hot, thick prick cream
onto and into my cervix, making me certain beyond a doubt that there was little
chance to avoid becoming pregnant from this very through rape.

And as his thick spent penis finally softened enough to cause no more pain and
slip messily from my pussy, the black fucker rolled off my battered body and
onto his back beside me.  The woman stopped neither looking into my eyes nor
loosening her hold on my upper body.  But she did reposition herself over me to
sit on my belly, holding me down now with her sheer body weight.  She said
something to me that I couldn't understand and slapped me when I returned her
gaze with vacant eyes.  She repeated what she'd said and still I couldn't
understand it.  This time she shook her head at me as though I were a
simple-minded child and said something similar to the man who had just finished
raping my 20- year old body.  He laughed, smiled and opened his eyes gleefully,
getting slowly to his feet and pulling on his clothes.  Only then did the black
bitch pull her cunt off my stomach and drag me to my feet.  As I stood erect, a
huge mass of semen dropped from between my pussy's lips and spread nastily on
both my thighs and inner legs.  The bitch laughed and pointed while her bastard
reached back inside his pants and gave his still enormous cock a few suggestive
pulls, bringing renewed horror to me.  But this time it was only some sort of
joke or plan because I wasn't pulled back to the ground.

I felt a hand rammed roughly between my legs and up against my crotch.  The
instantaneous pain was enough to make me double over and cry out again.  It was
the black bitch grabbing my sore pussy and running her fingers through the
incredible mess still issuing from it.  Withdrawing her hand, she brought it to
her lips and looked into my disgusted face as she licked it slowly.  I started
to turn away and she slapped me with that hand, splattering cum all over the
side of my face, my hair and upper body.  I started crying again and they both
laughed, pulling me towards the green sedan and my bright red 2003 Mustang
convertible.  I was still nude but it didn't seem to matter much right then.
After all, whatever they had planned for me next probably didn't involve my
clothes.  No, I didn't think my clothes were really anything to worry about
wherever we were going now.




Chapter Two

I was bundled into the green sedan and the bitch got into my car.  My car!  I'm
not sure why but that bothered me a lot more than sitting nude in the back of
some rapist's car.  What did she think she was doing, anyway?  I love that car
and she has no right, no fuckin' right!  In fact, that though alone got me
moving towards the door.  I didn't think I'd make it with the big black man so
close, just out of reach in the front seat.  But I got there and almost slammed
my head into the rolled up window.  I was moving so quickly I hadn't noticed
that the car's back seats were modified just like a cop's patrol car: the door
handles had been removed!  Unlike a real patrol car, though, there was no
dividing shield or screen between the front and the back seats.  That made it
possible for the smack to the back of my head to come unabated.  It didn't
really hurt but it surprised me badly enough to make me jump.  The rapist was
looking at me with a sly smile on his face, making it clear that he allowed me
to reach the door and that he could have punched me unconscious if he had wanted
to.  I felt total resignation once more and sat back in the seat, making a
pretty large mess on it as I did so.  The rapist didn't seem to notice or he
didn't care.

I heard my car being started and looked up to see the bitch pulling back out
onto the road, closely followed by the sedan I was captive in.  My breasts would
be clearly visible to any passing car and, since the windows were untinted, I
entertained the small possibility that my shameful condition would be readily
visible.  I'd feel terrible exposing myself to strangers along the road but, if
it came to that, I'd do it quickly, hoping that the passing car would see it
before it was seen by the rapist.  I didn't think too many people would have a
chance getting into a physical altercation with this huge hulk of a man but the
hope of someone trying was all I had to hold onto at the moment.

Both cars traveled quickly down the road in the same direction I had been going
(How long ago?) but they didn't speed.  Indeed, it looked like they were content
with taking their time getting wherever they were taking me.  And why were they
taking me anywhere?  What had I done to deserve this?  What was going to happen
to me when we got to our destination?  Would I be raped again and killed, only
to be left along the side of the road for someone to happen across while
passing?  This last thought brought new tears of fear from my eyes and I began
to panic.

There was nothing in the back of the sedan that remotely looked like a weapon I
could use.  The ashtray had the place for a cigarette lighter but it wasn't in
its receptacle.  The seat belts would be the best tool against the rapist,
especially if I could surprise him from behind.  But checking all the belts,
there were none loose enough to remove nor long enough to use attached.  All I
could do with one was break the side window if I were given the chance.  But
that would be suicide while the car was moving, even as slowly as it was. 
(Looking at the speedometer, I could see that we weren't really going all that
slowly after all.  We were traveling about 50 miles per hour but it was hard to
tell from the passing terrain, which had given way to scrub brush, and dirt as
far as the eye could see.  This last gave me some measure of comfort: they
couldn't take me anywhere I couldn't be easily seen.  No matter what horrid
plans they had for me, any passing car'd see them if one came by.

Almost as if I had conjured it up, a small mirage separated itself from the heat
shimmers of the roadway, traveling towards us.  Neither the bitch driving my car
not the rapist seemed too worried about it, though, and I started making plans
for "flashing" whomever passed us.  I was still sitting on the right side of the
car!  Damn!  Of course, the car would pass on the left!  I glanced at the thug
driving the sedan and he seemed content to stare at the back of my car leading
us.  I took a small breath and released it.  Then another.  I was about as calm
as I was going to get so I began slowly scooting across the back seat, leaving a
smear as I slid my still leaking body along the soft material.

Shit!  I'd forgotten about the car's rear view mirror until I could see the
rapist's face in it as clearly as he could see mine if he'd been looking!  He
didn't seem to be and I was running out of time; the cars were converging at a
speed of at least 100 miles per hour (if the approaching car was only moving as
slowly as we were, and I doubted it).

I didn't really duck so much as cower from the image in the mirror, still
scooting along as slowly as I dared.  I made it across when the approaching car
was so close I could see it had multiple people in it.  A bit closer and I was
pretty sure they were guys.  As luck would have it, they all seemed to be teens
as the final moments of their approach ticked off.  This was the best I could
hope for: a bunch of horny teenage boys seeing a flash of my small but firm tits
should get their attention like a neon sign!

Timing was everything and I moved as soon as they started to pass my Mustang,
leaning toward the left window and pressing my bare chest against the glass. 
The chill of the window nearly caught me by surprise but I suppressed a verbal
reaction and put on my best smile for the passing audience.

The rapist didn't seem to notice anything as they passed us with a blur but I
got a glimpse of the surprised look on the face of a passenger in the back seat
of the new-model Honda.  Pulling my chest back from the glass, I risked a glance
at the driver once more but he still seemed oblivious.  Now all I needed was a
bright young kid to put 2 and 2 together: what was a young topless white girl
doing the back of a sedan being driven by a huge black man?  I tried to will him
to tell his buddies and have them discuss it until one brought out a cell phone. 
I didn't bother looking out the back window.  I knew they had seen me and they
had passed.  It was only a fleeting hope that they'd confront my captors.  I was
more concerned with them making a call as quickly as possible.

And not looking backwards, I was as surprised as the huge rapist to see that
they had turned around and were now hauling ass towards us from behind!  The
black man frowned and looked back repeatedly using the rear view mirror.  The
bitch in my car probably didn't know they were coming and wouldn't know until
they either started blowing their horn or trying to pass the sedan for another
look at my bare chest.

For the first time, the rapist looked unsure of himself and started muttering in
whatever his tongue was.  And the car with the boys in it rapidly gained on us. 
Now I was really starting to hope!  Looking back that them, I could see the look
of determination on the driver's face and the look of cheerful confusion on the
front seat passenger's face.  That raised a bit of a warning flag for me but
what could they really do to me?  Overpower the rapist and his black bitch after
forcing them off the road?  What then?  Gang rape me?  LOL!  I almost laughed
out loud at that last thought.  If they wanted me badly enough, I let them have
all they could do if they got me away from that monstrous cock in the front seat
of this car!

Then they were right behind us, almost close enough to bump us.  The boys could
see me looking at them but I didn't know what to do but mouth the words 'help
me' and hope they got the message.  They didn't.  It was clear to me that they
wanted another good look at me but they didn't seem to understand what was going
on.  How could they?  These were probably mid-teen high school kids with all the
brains of a turtle.  Grinning like idiots, they stayed right behind us, not
trying to pass yet, at least.

The huge black rapist was very concerned, though.  He was concerned enough to
speed up a bit and close on my Mustang which had drifted about 10 car lengths in
front of us.  The teens kept pace and I almost gathered myself on the back seat
to flash them again.  Who knows what they might try to do for another peek?  But
I thought of the rapist behind me and I remained seated, though looking
backwards all the while.

 As we sped forward, the sedan closed to within a car length of my Mustang and
finally the bitch seemed to notice.  I still couldn't tell if she saw the Honda
yet but she was clearly agitated at the rapid approach of the sedan.  She must
has sensed sometime was amiss but she didn't slow down and all three cars
continued along the road less then 4 car lengths apart in a sort of weird
caravan.

The rapist broke the impasse with a long blow of the sedan's horn.  The bitch
now knew there was something wrong and let my Mustang slow without hitting the
brakes, which would have caused all three cars to hit.  We slowed as well and so
did the teens.  They looked absolutely thrilled, probably thinking with their
shortsightedness that we were slowing or even stopping for their visual
pleasure.  I didn't know if I should be happy or afraid as we all coasted slower
and slower.

The blinker of my Mustang came on and the bitch was indicating she was going to
pull over and stop.  We didn't signal but also gently drifted towards the side
of the road.  Then my worst fears were realized: the boys stayed in the middle
of the lane behind us all and even started moving towards the center, looking
for all the world as if they were just going to pass us gawking at my tits! 
They did slow enough to pull alongside us and they all tried to have their faces
pressed against the windows on the right side of the Honda.

With a slight jolt, the sedan stopped behind the Mustang and the kids stopped
right beside us!  The rapist was looking at them with a puzzled look on his face
but he could easily see me out the corner of his eye so I didn't move a muscle
but my breasts were again clearly visible through the left back window of the
sedan.

I could hear whooping and hollering as they all pointed and laughed it up, still
stopped next to us, now in the middle of the lane we'd just vacated.  They
didn't notice the bitch approaching until she was right in front of their
Honda's right fender.  Then they all stopped hollering as if they'd run out of
batteries.  None of them moved as the bitch went right up the passenger window
of the Honda and motioned for them to open it.  She spoke to them for a good
long time and I couldn't imagine how she was going to explain what was
happening.

In another moment, the bitch stepped away them and the Honda began moving slowly
forward again.  It stopped in front of my Mustang, pulled completely off the
highway.  What?  Then it hit me: the bitch had a gun and was going to kill them
out here in the middle of nowhere!  I started to scream for them to run when I
looked up and saw the rapist grinning back at me.  Now I was really worried!

The Honda's door all opened and all four of the kids came out.  And, yes, they
all looked like high schoolers.  But I got a new impression as soon as I looked
at all of them at once: they weren't the kids I'd call scholars.  No, indeedy! 
These teens looked like the kind that probably stole the Honda and were
joy-riding in it!  They talked briefly to the bitch again the surrounded the
back of the sedan where I was sitting.  Now I was trying to cover my breasts
when I noticed they weren't trying to look at them.  They were all looking at my
bare crotch!  I gasped tried to cover everything at once.  The rapist laughed
loudly and got out of the sedan.  He joined the kids and the bitch outside the
back windows of the car were I was still trapped.  Now completely panicked, I
looked from side to side and tried to shrink into the back seat.

I was looking towards the left side of the car when the door opened behind me. 
I started to turn around but I was grabbed by the shoulders and slammed onto my
back.  Still facing the left door, I saw it open as well and one of the boys
reached inside, grabbing both of my legs.  My arms were pulled over my head and
the boy holding my legs let go of my right one, passing it to another boy
sitting in the front seat of the car.  This new kid held it pinned against the
top of the front seatback, spreading my legs.

I couldn't believe this was happening!  Not again!  Not like this and on the
side of the road!  I could hear the bitch laughing somewhere with the big black
rapist as the boy holding my left leg opened his pants while climbing on top of
me.  I started screaming again and just knew I'd never stop.  Someone grabbed my
thick black hair and pulled it hard enough to raise my chin away from the boy
settling himself over me while he grabbed at my petite breasts.  I felt the hard
slam of his body against mine and his hard cock slipping through my still cummy,
well-lubricated pussy's lips.  Still screaming, I closed my eyes as he started
raping me with all the energy of a young boy "getting some".  He pulled at one
of my breasts while sucking hard on the nipple of the other, never slowing his
rapid pace.  I could feel the sweat starting to form where our bodies banged
together and heard the boy grunting lustily as he rammed his prick as hard as he
could into my pussy.  Trading his hand for his mouth, be started sucking the
other nipple while using the other breasts to pull himself forward and into me. 
I didn't feel him cumming when he did but I heard the satisfied moaning while
the boy ground his cock around inside me, pulling open my pussy wherever he
leaned at the time.  In a few more minutes, he pulled his limp prink from my
pussy and backed off my pinned body.

The second boy was just as energetic as the first but this one stared into my
face while raping me.  He seemed to want to watch as my head bounced forward
with his every thrust, pounding his crotch against mine with a vengeance.  The
only saving grace was that neither he nor the first boy was anywhere near as
large as the black man who had already raped me.  The wet sloshing sound of his
body plunging in and out of my pussy was easy to hear over the other boys'
excited words of encouragement.  And above it all, I could still hear the black
couple laughing and talking, obviously enjoying watching me gang raped by the
boys I'd hope would save me.

With a final push, the second boy held his twitching prick as far as it would go
into my body, still looking into my eyes but now grinning like a Cheshire cat. 
He yanked his satisfied cock out and closed his pants while moving away from the
door of the car for another boy to gain access to my pussy.  This third boy said
something to the fourth in the front seat of the sedan and they both talked with
hushed anticipation.  My right legs was cramping from where it was being held
and I was immediately grateful when it's position was shifted, taking some of
the pressure off my aching calf.

Then to my horror, I figured out what they had been talking about!  I begged
them not to do that, please don't do that!  I know I started babbling and crying
all the more but nobody seemed all that concerned as my right leg was pulled
forward towards my head but still pinned against the seatback.  The third boy
was bigger than the rest and his weight was impossible to resist as he climbed
into the car, pushing my left leg forward in a similar manner as the other. 
Still begging and pleading, I felt the stiff cock rub against my very sore pussy
lips, parting them and slipping into me deeper than the first two boys.  He
began his rape with a slow steady rhythm, very much like the black man had raped
me, slowly pulling in and out, seemingly savouring every wet fold of the
interior of my pussy.

He also stared into my eyes while riding me.  But he didn't pound me like I
expected him to.  Actually, he slowed his fucking and pulled his penis from my
pussy while it was still hard as iron.  I looked back at him with fear and, sure
enough, he pushed my left leg even further forward, lifting my butt from the
back seat.  I could feel cum running out of me and finding its way along my hips
and ass.  I closed my eyes once more and waited for what I knew was coming.  The
still ridged cock was rubbed again against my wet pussy and then pushed down
between my hips.  I screamed 'no' even as the boy lay his entire weight into the
swift penetration of my widely splayed asshole.  The cum from his slow fucking
made his passage into my ass like a hot knife through butter.  But butter never
felt the kind of violent pain I felt then!  I felt as though the wind was
knocked out of my lungs and I couldn't scream.  The boy's eyes widened and he
leered at me as he hit as far as he could up my no longer virgin ass.  Now the
pounding came and it succeeded in making me all but mute in horror and agony.

On and on he went, fucking my butt like there was no tomorrow.  After a few
minutes, the terrible pain diminished I was left feeling nothing more than a
huge pressure and intense friction.  The cum from the pussy rapes was still
running from above and it continued to lubricate both the raping cock and my
butt, making for lewd noises but saving my ass from any serious damage.

We never took our eyes from one another and I felt an almost comfortable
connection with this kid.  I can't explain it.  Maybe it was the same thing I
felt when giving my virginity to a boy in the yard of the high school after the
homecoming football game.  I know I didn't start liking the rape but I didn't
really actively fight it as much as I fought all the others.  And this boy
seemed to sense that.  He rode me hard and deeply but it didn't seem like he was
trying to hurt me; it seemed as though he needed to fuck (like all teenage boys)
and he was willing to take it in a rape.  But he wasn't doing anything more than
trying to cum in me.  He wasn't in any hurry, though, and his rape lasted a lot
longer than I thought any teen could hold out from orgasm.  He grunted every
time his thighs hit my upturned butt cheeks and he looked as though he were
enjoying this immensely.

Then it ended.  He was yelling and I was yelling.  He blasted wave after wave of
cum up my ass and I felt something akin to an orgasm myself, my pussy twitching
and my asshole clinching and clutching at his cock.  I don't know if anyone else
noticed but I'm sure he did.  He could see it in my eyes just as easily as I
could see it in his.  He held his cock in me long after it had finished
ejaculating, pretending to still be in the throes of his orgasm.  He brought his
face down to mine and I couldn't help but turn my head.  He was still just
another rapist getting off fucking me even though we'd known it was more than
that.  When his face came down into my hair, he whispered in my ear.  I couldn't
hear him well and it was only as he was gently pulling his now limp prick from
my ass that I made out what he said: "I'm sorry but that was very, very good for
both of us, wasn't it?"  Against everything in me, I nodded to him with my eyes
when he'd come all the way out of me and the slight narrowing of his eyes
confirmed that he got the message.  But he looked down at the place he'd just
raped like everyone else and became nothing more than like the rest.  But I
couldn't deny the strange thing that happened during that assault.  It may have
been the turning point, the place where I fell away from myself.  I still don't
really know.

And now it was down to the last boy.  I was so exhausted by now that I didn't
even try to move my leg when he released it and moved to the back seat of the
sedan.  He plopped himself down on me and I felt his cock jammed in my pussy. 
This guy wasn't interested in looking at me while he got off.  He just buried
his face in my hair (right where the last boy had when he whispered to me) and
slammed away.  Nothing more than a male using a female body, he raped me with
gusto, changing his pace from time to time as though he wanted to get the
sensation of having multiple attacks.  Thankfully, his penis (like all the other
boys') wasn't large enough to cause pain and it was easy to take his mindless
pumping.  I did find myself resenting him for not even having the decency to see
the woman he was raping while doing it.  I know this is strange but I felt
emotionally worse from that one boy than I did from all the others, including
the black man.  How dare he just fuck me like he's masturbating!  I wanted to
yell at him, telling him that he needed to see who he was hurting.  But I
couldn't even bring myself to move.  The person holding my arms released them
and I let them return to my sides.  I didn't have any desire to hold this pig
but I didn't have enough desire to fight him, either.  I just lay there and took
it, feeling the veins on his swollen prick as they passed between my lips.

Sometime during the rape, I turned my head away from the boy on top of me and
towards the seatback.  I saw an arm casually hanging over the seat and looked up
to the boy who had anal raped me.  He was sitting where nobody but I could see
his face.  We again looked into each others eyes and, this time, even though he
was licking his lips watching me get fucked, he smiled at me in a way that was
comforting.  I frowned at him and his smile faded a bit until I returned it
briefly.  I knew there were people watching my face as I felt the cock screwing
my pussy and getting pleasure from it.  So I made the smile look as much like a
grimace as possible but he seemed to once again get the message.  His smile
returned brighter than ever and he nodded to me.  I probably looked like I was
nodding back since I was being pushed and pulled for the satisfaction of the boy
inside me.  Anyway, he stared into each other's eyes for the entire rest of the
last boy's rape.  And as the cum was once again pumped into my pussy, I felt
myself blush but I didn't turn away from him.  And while the boy grunted his
sperm out and into the place where I'd been raped so much in the last few hours,
the third boy blushed as well.  I looked away from him reluctantly only when the
last boy pushed down on me to use my chest to get up.  I was thoroughly
disgusted I know it showed on my face but the last punk just looked down at his
handywork as it dribbled from my body.

Nobody stopped me from sitting up and I glanced one last time at the third boy. 
Again strangely, we smiled at each other and he got out of the car.  I sat on
the soaked seat and faced forward, not trying to cover myself anymore.  I didn't
hear the boys leave; I didn't want to.  But I did hear the giggles of the bitch
as she climbed back into my beloved car and the big black bastard joined me in
the sedan.  Someone had closed the door again but I wouldn't have tried to run. 
Where would I go?

And as we pulled back out onto the highway, I noticed it was considerably darker
now.  I was thankful it didn't show the mean bastard who had allowed me to me
used so much, so crudely, the shame on my face.  No, I wasn't ashamed that he
had raped me or that I had been gang raped by the others.  But I was ashamed
that I was smiling as I remembered the smiling rapist even though I still had no
idea where I was being taken, why I was being taken there, or what would
eventually become of me.  That smile sustained me while we drove off into the
unknown.




Chapter Three


We drove on for about an hour or so, by the car's clock (although I'm not really
sure when I looked last).  Then my Mustang started to slow and indicated a left
turn with the blinker.  We followed it onto a small, paved side road.  With it
being totally dark outside by now, I wasn't able to make out much more than the
road in front of us.

After a short bit, we moved through a grove of trees, which lined both sides of
the road.  I looked out the back window but it was far too dark to see anything. 
I suddenly realized I didn't need to when the car edged slightly to the right,
still flanked by the trees.  Nobody would see even the cars' taillights through
the trees and it was no longer a "straight shot" back to the highway.  And this
now seemed like a lot more than a grove of trees.  It now best resembled a small
forest as I could see trees behind the ones beside the road, utilizing the wash
of the headlights.  And with another gentle turn to the left, I lost all hope of
both running away along the road or being rescued by someone looking at
something suspicious.  Ha!  What was I thinking?  I'd have to get something on
my feet (not to mention the rest of me!) to run anywhere.  And to do that, I'd
have to be free of the bitch and her friend, the rapist.  No opportunity seemed
likely at this point so I settled back in the seat and shivered involuntarily,
anticipating the coolness of the area once we departed the warmth of the car.

Both cars slowed once more and made a sharp right turn onto a gravel road,
barely more than a path, and just wide enough for the cars to pass without
rubbing both sides against the dense trees.  A moment later, our destination
appeared ahead: a house in a clearing.  In the dark I could neither see the
colour nor the size of the house but I got the feeling that it was a lot bigger
than most I'd been in.
Both cars stopped beside what appeared to be a circular garden to our left, next
to a set of large wooden doors.  From the size of them, I was now certain this
house was a mansion at the very least.  My stomach dropped wondering what in the
world would occupants of such a place would want with me.  An answer hit me like
a ton of bricks: I wasn't going home again.  I was to be kept here!

The large black man got out of the car and went to the driver's side of my
Mustang, leaning over to talk to the bitch.  (I had been calling her that
mentally for so long I wondered if I'd slip up and call her that if or when she
talked to me again.  I figured it didn't really matter, not after what had
already been done to me.  I looked down between my legs and saw that my red, raw
pussy lips were no longer covered with the foul cum of the boys.  I also didn't
appear to be leaking any more out.  A small saving grace for when I was removed
from the car.

That happened almost as I thought it.  I hadn't noticed a tall, slender black
woman's approach until she opened the car's back door and flooded it with the
light of the dome fixture.  In the sudden brightness, I couldn't see anything at
all but I could feel the hand close around my upper arm and gently pull me out
of the car's back seat.  The hand's grip wasn't really hard but it hinted at a
lot more strength than I would have guessed from such a slender woman.  She
seemed to sense my wonderment, and as I got out of the car into the unusually
warm night air, she spoke:

"Hello.  My name is Juanita and I am to be your escort for the evening.  Please
come with me voluntarily or do I need to break this arm just to make sure you
understand?"  Her not unkind voice had the strong accent of the bitch but it was
much easier to understand as its owner had obviously been speaking in America
for quite some time.  My eyes adjusted to the dark outside the car and I could
see her eyes.  They looked like they were completely white around the irises. 
My shocked expression was greeted with a smile and a small laugh.

"Yes, my eyes probably do look a bit strange to you in the dark.  They are
actually a very light blue, extremely rare amongst most black races.  But I can
see you well and, as you can see, I can almost read your mind so remember that I
will always be at least one thought ahead of you.  Come with me, please."  I
found myself liking Juanita almost instantly.  The odd part was that I got
almost the same feeling from her as I got from the butt-raping teenager.  They
say captives begin to understand their captors after a time and often join them
if given enough time.  But this was ridiculous!  Still, intuition compelled me
to walk beside her towards the great wooden doors.  I was still just as nude as
I had been for some time now, but I walked as proudly as I could, wanting to
show all watching that I still had spirit and was willing to display it.  I
heard the bitch laughing behind me once more and my face flushed but I resisted
turning around, choosing to continue walking with Juanita.

The doors opened as soon as we mounted the three stairs to the porch.  The
revealed the mansion I had been imagining was here in more splendors that I
thought possible.  Brightly lit, it had marble floors, dark wooded pillars and
staircase, gold on all the lamps and fixtures.  I stopped in the shock of the
sight and Juanita stopped beside me, allowing me to take the view in.  She broke
the spell by speaking to me:

"What is your name, child?"  Frowning, I looked into her face and now saw that
she was at least in her middle thirties so her addressing me as "child" was
indeed how she viewed me.  Those eyes!  They comforted and haunted together.  I
felt I could fall into them and be lost forever.  Her smile and nod reminded me
of her question.

"My name's Heather and I don't know what's happening to me!"  I felt the tears
welling up as soon as I said it, feeling small and as painfully vulnerable as
the child Juanita saw in me.  She reached towards my face with her free hand and
ever so gently dabbed at a tear with the back of a curved finger.  That gesture
of compassion seared my feelings towards Juanita into something vaguely akin to
friendship.  I needed to trust someone to help me and she seemed like a likely
candidate.  I returned her smile and we entered the immense front room, leaving
Mr. Rapist and his Bitch outside with their car and mine.

There were two women suddenly beside us and they closed the doors, which they
had obviously opened for us.  They were both wearing so little I wondered why
they bothered at all!  They neither smiled nor spoke but returned to small
alcoves beside both sides of the doors. They looked like manikins or statues
there but I'd never seen either as beautiful as these women.  About my age or a
bit older, they were pictures of perfection: they had model's bodies, long black
(the left one) and blonde (the other) hair which seemed to shimmer in the room's
lighting.

Juanita directed me into the room and towards a small door along the side of the
room.  Its golden knob looked as though a meticulous maid polished had it and I
imagined that quite a few worked here!  Juanita opened the door and we went into
a much smaller hallway, which we took until making a turn at a junction with
another hallway.  Following this one a bit, we turned again and I knew I was
going to be lost even if I had all the time in the world to find my way out of
here alone.

Again, Juanita seemed to know what I was thinking and she completely released my
arm, probably figuring I had accepted the fact that escape was more than being
free of a captor.  We walked for some time and came to a single door from the
hallway.  Juanita opened it and we walked together into a room of my wildest
nightmares.  Shackles lined the concrete walls; a set of whips hung in their
places on a rack; any manner of devices I had no clue about were on tables about
the room; a chair with straps on the arms and front legs; and there were plush
chairs scattered around as though people would come to comfortably watch people
tortured here!

I gasped but before I could say anything, I felt a hand wrap around my head and
cover my entire face with a strong smelling cloth.  I immediately felt dizzy
then too exhausted to stand.  And why was I standing anyway?  That was the last
thought I remembered.

* * *  * * *  * * *  * * *


I awoke securely strapped in the chair.  Nobody appeared to be in the room
(although I could see half of it behind me).  I don't know why but I started
screaming.  Immediately the door opened and Juanita walked in with the big black
rapist and his Bitch!  This brought out total panic and I began thrashing at my
bonds, praying for a weakness that would allow me freedom.  Not even the
slightest chance.

The rapist moved two of the easy chairs beside each other and in front of me. 
Still nude, my crotch would be clearly exposed to whomever sat there.  I began
to cry once more and, again, Juanita reached to brush away a tear.  This time I
recoiled from her hand but she proceeded and wiped the tear away since I
couldn't get my head away from her.  Glaring at her, I felt the same hatred I
felt for the couple that had captured me.  She smiled a (sad?) smile and sat
beside the bitch in a comfortable chair, looking at my body from head to toe as
if memorizing it.  The bitch just sat in her chair with a wry smile that bespoke
deep trouble coming.

Finally the rapist came into view from somewhere behind me carrying a small
object in one hand.  Upon closer examination, I could clearly see that it was a
dildo and it actually wasn't all that small!  In fact, knowing that it was
intended for me certainly made it look huge!  I couldn't take my eyes off it and
knew where it was going long before it got there.

I felt the slightly cool touch of it's jelly-like surface on my pussy lips and
tried to shrink into the back of the seat I was trapped in.  Knowing that
wouldn't work didn't stop me but what it did do was make sure there was no room
to move forward without allowing the dildo between my lips.  I held myself
ridged for as long as I could then tried to ease myself forward gentle to lessen
the shock of the intrusion.  I succeeded and the rapist didn't push it into me
deeper.

There was a sigh from one of the women but I didn't look up to see which one. 
My entire attention was on the dildo about one quarter inch into my pussy, not
even enough to really feel.  I was startled my Juanita's voice:

"Heather, Julio plans to do no harm to you..."

"Yeah.  Right!" I screamed at her.  "He's done enough harm already, hasn't he?"

Juanita looked puzzled a moment then looked into the face of the bitch that was
no longer smiling.  They spoke a moment in their language, Juanita clearly
getting more upset as the bitch must have related at least some of that I'd been
through. Not wanting to leave any doubt, I yelled,
"He raped me and she helped him!  She even got off on it!  Then they had me gang
raped, too!  Is that what you call 'no harm'?

Julio didn't move a muscle and the expression on his face didn't betray his
feelings one bit.  But the bitch was becoming more afraid the more she confirmed
what I'd said, still in their native tongue.

"Julio, Please help me with Serina a moment."  And with that, Julio moved faster
than a cat, turning and reaching without even looking and grabbing the Bitch,
Serina, buy the throat.  I didn't squeeze nor twist and Serina didn't look as if
she expected him to.  She had a sudden look of dread on her face; she very
slowly stood up and walked towards a wall with Julio still holding her neck only
tight enough to make sure she knew he meant business.

Julio waited while Serina opened one of the shackles on the wall, placed her
hand in it and locked it securely.  She was backing towards the wall when
Juanita spoke:

"No.  Julio, have her face the wall".  Now there was true horror on Serina face
and she didn't move until Julio moved her.  With one hand, he held her neck with
a firm grip while using the other to pull the bitch's back away from the wall
and turn her towards it.  Serina began what sounded like pleading and then
desperate begging but Juanita didn't answer.  Julio finished strapping Serina's
hands and ankles to the wall and backed away.

"She's yours for two hours."

My jaw dropped as I saw Julio grab the back of Serina's pants and rip them apart
like they were tissue paper.  Under them, Serina had nothing on and her bare
hips were clearly visible to see.  She really started yelling but Juanita still
didn't bother to answer.  She seemed completely comfortable with the fact that
Julio was about to rape Serina as he opened his pants.  He took the time to
strip completely.  Approaching Serina's bare hips, Serina started to scream.

"Quiet her" was all Juanita said, barely audible over the screaming.  With one
hand, Julio reached down in front of himself and the other clamped firmly around
Serina's mouth, effectively silencing her completely with a hand much bigger
than any mouth.

I was sweating like crazy when I fully realized what Julio was about to do.  I
whispered 'no' and wondered why I did it.  The bitch deserved whatever Julio
could do to her.  But I still felt dread for Serina somehow.

Julio stooped and pushed his body under Serina's trapped crotch and began moving
the hand Juanita and I couldn't see.  But it was easy to guess that he was
rubbing his penis against the still intact crotch of Serina's pants.  After a
moment, Julio stepped back and grabbed the new opening in the back of Serina's
pants and pulled again.  We could see that he now had opened the entire bottom
of the pants.  Serina didn't make a sound even though her mouth was now
uncovered.  She seemed resigned to the inevitable. 

Julio moved back into the couch behind Serina and once more started moving the
hand obscured by his massive body.  This time, we saw Serina's head snap back
and she tried to bury herself in the wall to no avail.  The rapist was obviously
getting more and more excited; his heavy breathing being evident by his massive
shoulders and the sound like a small freight train - the same sound I had heard
when he nearly killed me with his cock.  I couldn't see if Serina looked like
she was bigger than I down there but the rapist returned a hand to her mouth as
he slowly pushed upward.
Serina tried to stand on her toes as far from the cock's head as possible but
ran out of height quickly.  Julio didn't slow his very deliberate rising and
Serina'a arms and legs began to tremble.  Finally, even under the massive hand,
we could hear the screaming as Julio stood up.  Amazingly, he brought Serina
with him, lifting her off the floor and pulling her legs taught against the leg
shackles!  I couldn't imagine how that was possible unless he was lift her with
the hand in front of him or pressing her to the wall hard enough to rip her skin
off.

In seconds, we had the answer and the "impossible" was indeed taking place. 
Julio moved both arms up and his hands grabbed Serina just under her armpits and
he began lifting her and dropping her back, apparently impaling her pussy on his
huge cock!  Again, Serina was quiet but, this time, it was because she simply
couldn't speak.  Her entire upper body twitching, she made noises like an
antelope being killed by a lion; nothing verbal at all but the passage of
Julio's cock sure made her pussy make a noise.  The wet smacking was sound was
alternated with the pulling of a suction as he dropped her onto his prick then
pulled her upwards to be dropped again.

Watching this scene, I was now feeling a lot more than I want to admit.  I had
wanted something like this to happen to the bitch while she either watched or
participated in my rapes.  I wanted her hurt as badly as I was.  But seeing it
happen didn't give me the slightest satisfaction.  What it did do was start a
waterfall of juices from my exposed pussy!  I was getting so excited by the
sight that I was creaming like I have never before.  Juanita was still
impassively watching the spectacle so she didn't see my state of arousal but she
would when she turned around.

Nothing I could think of stopped the flow and soon I felt the familiar tingle of
an approaching orgasm.  No!  I couldn't believe this was happening, like this,
over the rape of someone else!  But I raced toward release with each passing
second.  When I knew it was starting, I bit my lips trying to suppress my usual
loud vocalizations.  I didn't even get close.  I wailed through my teeth and
Juanita turned around.  Seeing what was happening, she moved towards me and
tightly held me to her body.  This just prolonged the orgasm and I lost all
control of my body, thrashing as much as Juanita allowed.

When I finally caught my breath, Juanita was smiling and looking into my eyes
from less than two inches away.  This close I could smell her gentle scent, feel
the heat coming from her body and breath, and see the longing in those eyes. 
This time, I surrendered to them and I was lost to their power.

I don't know how long we were like that but she stayed close to me until the
sounds of Serina's rape stopped.  I frowned thinking that Julio had certainly
made a bit of noise when he finished cumming in me.  Both Juanita and I turned
to look and saw Julio gently stooping again, allowing Serina's feet to touch the
floor again and freeing her battered pussy from his cock.

Julio knelt behind Serina and I started making noises of oral sex.  It was hard
to tell if Serina's moaning was from pleasure or despair but Julio continued to
bury his face between Serina's hips, making sounds like he was very busy back
there.

Then he stood, turning slightly as he did.  This time my 'no' was spoken with a
bit of force.  Juanita and I could clearly see that Julio had indeed been
pleasuring himself with his mouth on Serina's ass.  What we also saw was that
Julio's erection was completely intact and he was once again stooping behind
Serina.  I clearly heard her say, "no, please!" before Julio suddenly stood up
completely.  This time, the screaming happened before Julio could cut it off. 
He had evidently needed both hands to position his cock this time and we knew
why.  He had forced his massive tool completely up Serina's asshole in one hard
lift of his body.  He let her scream for a few minutes while he just stood
there, pinning Serina to the wall and impaling her helpless ass on something
that couldn't have possibly passed through someone butt hole.  But Juanita and I
knew it could and it did!

Julio stopped the woman's hysterical screaming with the return of the hand over
her mouth but it wasn't needed for long.  Serina's head drooped backward and it
was clear that she had mercifully passed out.  This didn't seem to concern Julio
at all as he once again grabbed Serina under her arms and bounced her up and
down over his massive prick.  The sound of its passage was unthinkable: like
alternately punching a bag of flour and pulling Velcro strips apart.  I didn't
want to know what that second sound meant.  I didn't even want to think about
it.  Then I heard the quickening of Juanita's breathing.  OMG!  She was getting
off the same way I had: watched Serina get the shit raped out of her! 

She stared at the vile spectacle with rapture, unconsciously moving one hand
under the front of her pants and gripping my thigh with the other.  I knew I
would hate what I was seeing but I felt something else as well.  I needed to
hold her like she held me, be there for her when she was so wickedly aroused
like she was for me.  Knowing this was completely impossible, I heard my voice
make a keening sound, drawing Juanita's attention.  She immediately knew what I
was feeling.  Leaning back into me, she brought herself to a violent climax
while she stared into my eyes with her haunted blue ones.  Removing her pant's
hand, she brought it to my lips and I opened my mouth.  I had never touched a
woman before, let alone tasted her sex!  But I did it even though I didn't know
why.  The thick wetness and the musky scent brought me back to instant arousal
and I moaned while sucking her fingers.

Juanita reached below me and unshackled both my ankles, then my wrists.  I stood
shakily and brought her into my arms: this strange black woman who had ordered
the rape of someone who was obviously closer to her than I.  She wrapped her
arms around me then reached between my legs.  Again not knowing why I was doing
it, I opened my legs and allowed Juanita to play with my swollen clit.  I moaned
into her hair and, as I became too shaky to stand, she eased us both to the
floor.

There, she helped/allowed me to cum again and again while holding her body close
to mine.  As I calmed, she reached down and opened her pants, and like Serina,
revealing no panties.  She didn't stop until she was as nude as I and we moved
together in harmony only two women can achieve because they alone know what the
other wants and needs at the right moment.  She came again and turned her back
to me.  I wrapped her close like spoons and we both watched Julio continue to
rape the still unconscious Serina.

We stayed like that until Julio finally slammed Serina down on his cock and
threw his head back, screaming as he twitched, pumping his cum up Serina's ass. 
He went on for what seemed like an impossible amount of time then gently lifted
Serina off his cock, making one last sloppy wet sound as it exited.  Stepping
back from Serina, he stood aside and we could see his work: Serina's hips were a
bright shade of red even though her brown skin seemingly would have masked it. 
Her inner thighs were the same shade of red but they also had the pressure
indentations from Julio's own thighs showing just where he had slammed her body
down.  But her ass was a sight to behold.  Both Juanita and I were shocked to
see that Serina still had an asshole!  No blood was evident and no obvious
tearing of her tender tissue was seen, either.  But her asshole was beyond red. 
It seemed to be glowing from heat like molten iron.  And it was stretched so
wide open that she'd never have a problem with anal sex in this lifetime!  It
was about two inches across and it stayed that way, not closing at after the
removal of the raping cock.  I didn't know if it was ruined and going to stay
that way forever or not.  But I knew Serina would drown if she went swimming
with that!  Juanita's gasp revealed that she thought about the same.  Then,
while we were still watching, Julio's cum finally reached Serina's distended
hole, dribbling down a thigh in a tiny stream.  Julio had deposited it so far
into Serina's ass that even with it as widely spread as it was, nothing was
available to come out for almost five minutes!  The tiny stream of cum became a
moderate stream, a heavy stream (now flowing down both legs), and then a river. 
I couldn't believe that so much cum could come from one man's single
ejaculation!  But Juanita and I were shocked to see the huge gobs of cum which
followed, lewdly falling directly to the floor making little splats.

It ended so long after it had begun that I turned to look at Julio, remembering
he'd done the same thing inside me!  He, too, was intently staring at Serina's
once cum filled ass.  I looked down at the cock that had nearly killed me when
it was just pushed in where it was supposed to go and I looked back at Serina. 
Although his cock had shrunk with its passion released, it was still much larger
than the hole it came out of.  I was still looking at it when Julio turned to
Juanita and me for the first time.  He didn't seem surprised to see us
interlocked in obviously sexual attachment nor to see me unshackled.  He just
stood there and waited.

Juanita gave my thigh one last squeeze and said,

"It's time to go.  Leave her there.  I'll call the male servants and see if they
want more of her."  Her callous disregard for Serina and what had happened to
her didn't seem like all that much of a shock.  It actually seemed right
somehow.  What was happening to me?

Juanita returned her hand to my arm and led Julio and I through the hallways
once more.  I could have sworn we'd come a different way and my suspicions were
confirmed when we came to set of stairs leading to a large closed door.

"I know you have been wondering what we had in store for you, Heather.  You are
about to find out, honey.  Just remember that this is real and nothing can or
will change it no matter how much you want it to" Juanita spoke with what
sounded like affection but I felt fear in my heart and it intensified with each
upward step towards the door.

Juanita knocked on the door when we reached a large landing.  It was opened to
bright light like the entry hall but it was a very different room.  This room
looked like a guest room: it had a canopy bed matching curtains; a large closet
(though I still hadn't seen my clothes!); gold framed mirrors, a crystal
chandelier; and four casual sitting chairs scattered about the room.  The decor
was late 19th century and seemed unused.

"This is your room.  You will usually be in it unless summoned.  And you will
usually be alone here.  But today, you are to meet the most important people of
your life."  Juanita spoke with something like a reverent whisper.  We all stood
there and waited.  In less than a minute, a door on the opposite side of the
room opened and four more black men entered.  None was as big as Julio but they
scared me badly anyway.  All I could think of was 'no, not another rape!  Not
another gang rape!'

True to form, Juanita hugged me from behind and whispered in my ear, "They will
not hurt you, Heather.  They are here to take over."

"Take over what?" I said with a voice that trembled badly.

"Heather" one of the men spoke in a deep sonorous tone, so pleasant that it
seemed like it might come from your own grandfather.  "We are here to take over
your life.  We own you now".

The last thing I fully remembered was a huge black arm wrapping around me as
gently as a father holding a baby.  Then all turned black.  I could hear for a
while longer but I don't remember what I heard.  I just drifted down, down, into
some faraway place where I could hopefully hide forever.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  LaJan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





