BDSM Library - When Harry Met Sally And Jill




When Harry Met Sally And Jill
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sisters Jill and Sally meet photographer Harry, they take turns posing for Harry only to discover that they can not live without Harryï¿½s forceful touch and rope expertise.
WHEN HARRY MET SALLY AND JILL
by, BZ

  
   Harry had retired a little over a year ago, but he wanted something to occupy
his time.  So he thought, what better way to keep himself busy than to combine
his favorite pass times; photography, surfing the net, and women in bondage. And
so, Harry set about setting up his own web site of bondage babes. 

   Not being a well known photographer, Harry knew he would have to establish
himself before he could work with professional models  like Jennie Lee, Ashley
Renee, C. J. Bell or Lorilei. So he spent his free time haunting local strip
clubs trying to recruit willing models, this is how he had met Sally.

   Harry would go into a club spread a few dollars around and try to get to know
the manager.  With the managers permission, he would post ads in the dancer's
dressing room.  "WANTED: NUDE MODELS WILLING TO POSE BOUND.  BRING YOUR OWN
CHAPERONE OR BODYGUARD.  CONTACT HARRY MILLER AT 555-5555."

   Harry had opened a small store front studio in the downtown theater area. 
Here he would take head shots for the local thespians and he had a small walk in
trade.  The phone number Harry used on his ads was for the studio.  When he
received a call as the result of the ad, Harry would set up an appointment with
the prospective model at the studio.

   Sally Greene danced at a club called the Purple Onion (the name was a
residual from its' previous life as a O60's coffee house).  She had seen Harry
in the club a few times and was curious about the flyers she had seen him post. 
She talked to the manager and to other dancers who had responded to the Harry's
ad. The manager had told her that Harry seemed to be an all right guy; and the
dancers had said pretty much the same, although only one of the other dancer's
hadn't gotten cold feet.

   Sally'd had bondage fantasies ever since her early teens when an older cousin
had tied her to a tree while playing cowboys and indians. She decided she'd
call. Harry set up an interview with Sally for the next day.
  
   Sally arrived at Harry's studio wearing a trench coat over one of her dance
costumes. 

   Harry immediately was apologetic: "I should have been clearer on the phone,
this is to be an interview not a shoot."

   Sally looked disappointed, but she looked so good Harry decided to take a few
shots of her in her costume in addition to the head shots he had planned.

   Harry explained: "I like to meet with a potential model, so that I can show
her what to expect, and more importantly give her a chance to change her mind."

   Harry then showed her some pics from previous shoots, he allowed her to
examine some of the equipment he might use.  He explained how and where the
shoot would take place, and the fee she would be receiving for the shoot.

   Everything was agreeable to Sally "we can do the shoot right now as far as
I'm concerned".

   "I require the models be accompanied by a chaperone, both for your safety and
for mine."

   Harry did his bondage shoots out at his house, which provided privacy out in
the country and more space to set up scenes.

   He told Sally "wear something that you'll feel comfortable in, I'll also have
some different outfits for you to wear."

   He finished filling out an information sheet (measurements, sizes, age, etc.)
to file along with the head shots he'd taken of Sally. Then he reminded her to
bring a chaperone and that he would pick them both up at 9:00 A.M. sharp
Saturday morning.

   Sally was excited "I'll see you Saturday then, 9 sharp."

   Harry prided himself on his punctuality  and it was precisely 9:00 A.M. when
he buzzed Sally's apartment.

   "We'll be right down", Sally told him.

   Sally was a knock out; long raven hair, athletic dancer's figure (5'7",
38"26"35"), perky face and attitude. She was accompanied by another strikingly
beautiful woman; with her blonde hair tied in a bun, slim fashion model figure
(5'9", 34"24"34"), and halty attitude.

   Harry couldn't believe his eyes, most of the models he had hired had brought
their boyfriends or a musclebound bouncer from the club as a chaperone. Sally
had brought "my sister Jill".

   Jill was Sally's older sister and looked very businesslike in her perfectly
tailored gray pant suite and sensible (2" heel) black patent leather pumps. 
Sally on the other hand; wore a red tank top that looked a couple of sizes too
small leaving a bare midriff, and jeans so tight they seemed to be painted on
her. She was perched upon a pair of red shoes with a "T" strap and 4" heels. The
sisters though oddly contrasting made a very attractive pair.

   Jill had been looking out for her younger sister ever since Sally had left
home three years ago and had come to stay with Jill shortly after Sally's 18th
birthday. Jill had an M.B.A. from a prominent University. Sally was a free
spirited waif, she wasn't exactly stupid but it seemed to Jill that she didn't
try thinking very often. Jill loved her sister and her free spirit, but she was
not always happy about the situations Sally sometimes found herself in, and this
was one of those.

   After introducing her sister to Harry the two girls settled into the back of
Harry's S.U.V. and he drove them out to the former farmhouse he called home. 
The trip was excessively quite and uneventful, Sally listened to music on her
personal C.D., while the dour Jill sat mutely beside  her. An hour's drive
brought them to Harry's farmhouse.

   Harry tried to refresh everyone after the hour long drive with coffee and
muffins. The effervescent Sally seemed ready and raring to go, so Harry tried to
ease the stern look from Jill's face and to put her mind at ease. He explained
everything to her, just as he had done for Sally during their interview. Jill
seemed to come around a bit, at least she stopped looking at Harry as though he
was some kind of pervert.

   Harry decided it was time to get started, he lead Sally and Jill to one of
the rooms he had set up as a studio. The room was both carpeted and painted in
blue, it was not very large  and was furnished mostly with photographic
equipment, the blue walls and carpet would allow Harry to create a suitable
background later. A single white leather and chrome chair was the only  actual
piece of furniture in the room. Harry told Sally to make herself comfortable in
the chair while he got some rope and a chair for Jill to sit in. Harry returned
with several lengths of rope and director's chair for Jill.

   Harry began by individually tying  each of Sally's ankles to a leg of the
chair. He told Sally to cross her arms behind the back of the chair where he
secured her wrists. Then he ran a long length of rope from her wrists up over
her shoulders and down under her armpits several times before wrapping the rope
several times around her waist then tying off  the rope to the one that bound
her wrist in back of the chair. Sally was now securely fastened to the chair. A
red cleave gag  completed the tie.

   Harry set about checking the lighting, and made a few adjustments. Then he
picked up his favorite Nikon FTN and went to work.

   Harry moved around shooting two rolls of film (he liked to shoot one in
color, then reload with a roll of  black and white), choosing different angles
and views as he shot. Sally stirred and struggled in her bounds.

   Sally liked the feeling of being bound, and she began to experience a warm
pleasant feeling infringing upon her nether region.

   Jill sat severely erect and legs properly crossed in the director's chair
watching everything Harry did, while trying to show as little interest as
possible.
  
   Harry decided to change the pose. He released Sally's hands, but left her
legs bound to the chair.  He then removed her top releasing her 36"D's from
their confinement. After testing the firmness of each tit he told Sally to
stretch her arms straight up. He then held her arms near the elbow and told her
to fold her arms down, so that her elbow pointed straight up and her wrists came
together at the nape of her neck.

   Taking her hands and placing them palm to palm Harry secured them, making six
neat but tight loops around her wrists.  To keep her hands in the praying
position he encased them with clear plastic tape that prevented her from bending
her fingers and locked her thumbs tightly within the palms of her hands. He then
ran a rope from her wrists to the rope around her waist and secured them in
place.

   Harry then focused his attention on Sally's elbows passing a rope inside the
bend of her elbows he decided to see how close he could draw them.  He succeeded
in pulling nearly fully together.  This tie forced Sally's head forward until
her chin really rested upon her 36"D's. Harry decided a rope halter would
enhance the appeal of those marvelous breasts.

   As a final touch he unbuttoned Sally's jeans and unzipped the fly, pulling
them down slightly off her hips. He reloaded the Nikon and started shooting
again.

   After only a few shots Harry stopped, something wasn't right, he eyed Sally
as she tried futilely to straighten her arms. Then it struck him, the gag.  He
removed the red scarf that had served as her gag.  Sally took the opportunity to
relax her jaw, but before could she could make much progress Harry had a ring
gag ready to replace the red scarf. Sally looked at the ring not sure she could
open her mouth that wide.  Before she could express her skepticism Harry had
pressed his thumb against Sally's chin forcing it down farther into her chest. 
He pressed the bottom of the ring into her lower jaw behind her teethe, then
expertly popped the top of the ring in under her upper teethe, cinching the
strap tightly behind her head the gag was secured.

   Sally was impressed with Harry's expertise in securing the gag, but found the
gag to be a lot less comfortable than the red scarf had been, and it did not
take long before drool began to accumulate at the edge of her mouth and her
stretched jaw began to feel the stress.  Her forehead furrowed and the her eyes
widened expressing her anxiety.

   Harry said "perfect" and resumed shooting.

   As the morning progressed Harry changed Sally's ties and position several
times slowly relieving Sally of her clothing as he did  so.  By the time Harry
decided it was time for a lunch break Sally wore only her red high heels and was
securely tied in a frog-hog tie, ankles pinned to her thighs and arms crossed
tied behind her back. A rope knotted into her long black hair was connected  to
the ties around her knees forcing her head to be pulled straight back and her
stare to be focussed straight ahead, a red ball gag that now worked to keep her
silent completed the picture.

   At lunch Harry provided Sally with a robe, and Jill joined them.  Once again
able to speak Sally was exuberant and couldn't wait to tell Jill how exciting
and strenuous Harry's rope work had been. She thought she must have had at least
five or six orgasms while securely restrained by Harry's ropes. 

   Jill was not ready to admit it, but the shoot had gotten her rather excited
too. As Sally had squirmed about in her bounds Jill had found herself squirming
about on her director's chair, she could not force herself to sit still. She
found herself nervously crossing and uncrossing her long shapely legs, and as
discreetly as she could she tried to ease these unwelcomed sensations by trying
to apply pressure to her excited pussy (the pants she wore made this more
feasible than a skirt would have done). Sally never noticed how uncomfortable
her sister was becoming during the shoot, but it did not go unnoticed by Harry.

   After lunch Harry decided on a little dress-up. He provided Sally with a
white beaded cocktail dress, shear white stockings, white 5" high heeled pumps
and a white satin garment that Sally was not familiar with, a very stiff, very
restrictive under the breast corset. Harry enlisted Jill's help with the corset
and they soon had Sally's 26'' waist tightly compacted to very uncomfortable
20". Sally found breathing a little difficult at first, but as she adapted to
the constriction she found that breathing came a little easier.

   Movement was another matter. She felt her movement very restricted, the
corset forced her to keep her body very rigid and up right, it also forced her
breasts to jut out another inch or two. The stockings attached to garter straps
that hung from the  bottom of the corset. The dress went easily over her
corseted figure. She was surprised at how perfectly the dress conformed to her
now corseted figure, it hugged her thrusting breasts, clung tightly to her
restricted waist and sheathed her legs half way down her thighs, it fit her like
a custom made glove.

   For restraints Harry decided metal was the way to go.  He took a pair  of
hinged cuffs and locked Sally's wrists together behind her back, another pair of
cuffs (connected by a single link) were used to fasten her elbows.  A chain
choker collar was placed about her neck and a chain lead attached to the collar.
An immense white ball gag with matching white leather strap would keep the
talkative Sally quiet.

   Harry gave a gentle tug on the leash, the collar constricted around Sally's
slender neck and Sally dutifully followed Harry's lead. He was pleased to note
how willingly Sally allowed herself to be directed by the lead.

   He lead Sally into his library to a spot in front of  the fireplace and
attached the lead to a ring that hung from another chain suspended from the
ceiling. The chain limited Sally's mobility, she could reach none of the
comfortable looking furniture nor could she move downward.  She would be forced
to stand in nearly one spot. To decrease her mobility even more Harry now
fastened another set of hinged cuffs around her ankles. Sally could move only
very slightly with very very short steps, and the constriction of the collar
about her neck would keep her from moving too far.

   Harry thought she looked perfect. This time he grabbed for his Hasselblad 500
(changing format) and started shooting again.

   Harry left the dress on  Sally for a few poses, but the final poses would
have Sally resplendent in only her corset, stockings and high heels.

   For the final pose Harry locked leather cuffs around Sally's wrists and
ankles. He then had her lay face down on the floor and connected the ankle cuffs
to a spreader bar. He grabbed the bar and pulled her up and back. He reached for
her left wrist and fastened it to the bar and then he did the same with her
right wrist. He fastened the bar to an overhead pulley and pulled until Sally
was arched backwards. Her weight  remained centered on the floor.

   Harry shot his final rolls of film, using the Hasselblad to shoot in color
and the Nikon to shoot in black and white. Harry occasionally used a polaroid
(to give his model a sense of what she looked like in each pose) and a digital
camera (to allow some shots to go up quickly up on his web site), but only
sporadically, he preferred to rely on his skills in the dark room to achieve the
looks he desired in his photography. 

   After the shoot Harry directed Sally to the shower and while she freshened up
he spent some time with Jill. 

   "So Jill, what did you think of our days work?"

   "I thought it went very well, you seem to work very professionally."

    "You seemed to be very uncomfortable at times, I noticed you fidgeting in
the chair. Was it the chair or something else that created your discomfort?"

   "Oh, the chair was comfortable enough, I really didn't notice."

   Before Harry could probe Jill too far Sally returned from her shower.

   "What have you two been talking about behind my back?

   "Oh just this and that," was the noncommittal reply.

   "Well Sally, now that you can speak once more, tell me how you liked being
bound and gagged all day."

   "It was terrific, I got so excited I couldn't believe it. At first there was
some discomfort but as I  became accustomed to the discomfort I began to feel
quite excited and it was really very pleasant."

   "As you have no doubt noticed, I really enjoy my work. If you found the work
enjoyable can I persuade you to come out for another set?"

   "I'd love to."

   "You have my number, when you feel ready to be bound in tight ropes again
give me a call. Might I look forward to seeing you as well Jill?"

   "Oh, I don't know,  I guess anything is possible."

   Harry drove Sally and Jill back to the city, "until next time."

End of Part 1




Part 2

   On the trip back to the city Sally was bubbling over with excitement, she
couldn't stop talking about how exciting it had been for her. Jill by contrast
did not say a word the entire trip home.

   About three weeks later Harry received a call from Sally, she wanted to see
if they could set up another shoot.  Harry was more than agreeable.

   When Harry arrived Saturday morning he was somewhat surprised (but not
displeased) to see Jill was, again accompanying her sister. He also noted that
this time that although Jill was still conservative in her attire wearing a
smart navy blue business suit, she had opted for a skirt this time and a pair
black sandals with 3" heels instead of the slacks and 2" pumps she had worn the
last time and most notably her beautiful long blonde hair was hanging down
instead of being tied up in the neat bun of her last visit.

   The uninhibited Sally wore a snug fitting short white dress with a halter 
top and a pair of white mules with 4" heels.

   The drive out was pretty much as the return trip had been from the last
shoot. Sally talked and laughed while Jill sat mutely in her seat. They arrived
at Harry's farm and once again he had prepared coffee and muffins for the girls.

   Then Sally exploded the bombshell. She said, "If it's all right with you
Harry Jill and I'd like to change rolls."

   Harry feigned shock, then responded: "Well that's a bit unorthodox, I was all
set for you Sally.  And Jill really is supposed to be the chaperone. It would
mean the entire shoot would have to done with what Jill is wearing, you two
aren't exactly the same size you know."

   Then Jill finally spoke up, "I know this puts you in a bit of spot, and Sally
only talked me into it this morning before you picked us up.  For the past three
weeks Sally has talked about little else than how good she felt during her
shoot, and I have to admit watching her all tied up was getting me pretty
excited as well. I'll understand if you refuse."

   Harry scratched his chin in thought then turned to Sally, "Well Sally you
understand that if you are the chaperone you don't get tied up this time."

   Sally pouted a little, but said,  "Jill says that I talked about nothing else
but she talked a great deal about the shoot and that cousin of ours who liked to
tie us up when we were kids, I think she really wants to do it. So I'll make the
sacrifice.

   Then in an aside to Harry Sally whispered, "Jill really doesn't have much
excitement in her life, and if I can do something for her after all she's done
for me it's the least I can do."

   "Well then there are a few formalities we must deal with before we get
started." He took Jill into his office. He sat her down on a stool then took the
head shots he would have taken at the down town studio. He also filled out the
information forms and prepared a release form for Jill to sign.

   With the formalities out of the way Harry returned Jill to the kitchen, where
he  left Jill with Sally while he prepared for the first session.

    When Harry was ready he fetched the girls and brought both girls back into
his office, instructing Jill to stand  by the desk chair and for Sally to take a
seat in the director's chair he had moved into the room.

   First Harry instructed Jill to remove her panties and place them on the desk.
He had her leave the suit jacket on, but unbuttoned.

   Harry decided he would accent Jill's 34" breast, he doubled a rope passed 
the looped end above her tits around her back bringing it up between and under
her tits.  Arranging the jacket so that it was pulled back from and to the side
of her breasts he took the two ends and drew them through the loop then snugged
the rope up tightly around her tits. Keeping the tension taught he separated the
two ends in a "V" and tied them off behind her neck. The rope would hold the
jacket in place while her white blouse contrasted nicely to accent her tits.

   Harry doubled another rope and passed it around Jills waist, he pulled the
two ends through the looped rope and down to the hem of Jill's skirt. As the
rope was drawn between Jill's legs her skirt slowly began to rise up in the
front, slowing exposing the tops of black stockings, then the suspenders that
connected to a black lace garter belt that was still concealed. The skirt kept
rising until Harry's careful arrangement allowed for a glimpse of her love lips
and a very tiny hint of  the bikini waxed and tightly curled blonde pubic hair
that surrounded them. The back of the skirt was similarly hitched up as the rope
was tightly drawn into ass crack, brought up under the rope that encompassed her
belly pulled tight and tied off in the small of her back.

   Harry carefully positioned the ropes so that they would rest in the crease
between Jills love lips and her thighs forcing the lips to protrude slightly. He
then stopped and took a few shots of Jill being sure to capture Jill's discarded
black lace panties in the background.

   Jill, since she still had the use of her hands, began to rub her right hand
over her cunt and her left hand over her ass, where the rope passed over her
cunt and into ass cheeks.

   Before Jill could have too much fun though, Harry instructed her to fold her
arms behind her back. He then tightly secured her right wrist to her left elbow,
and repeated the procedure with her left wrist and right elbow.  Harry decided
to run one more rope around her middle, again doubling the rope he passed it
around her waist bringing the ends through the loop at the small of her back. He
took one end and ran  it inside Jills  right elbow and looped once around it. He
used the other end to do the same to left elbow, he then took the two ends and
tied them off to the rope as it went around her waist. Jill's arms were now
pinned to her body, she could not move them back or swing them out to her sides.
Harry picked up the Nikon and began to shoot as his victim stood helplessly in
front of him.

   After shooting a couple of rolls of film Harry had Jill sit in the desk
chair. He took another length of rope and secured Jill to the back of the chair. 

   "Now cross your legs for me Jill."
  
   With Jill sitting in the chair her legs crossed Harry took out two more
lengths of rope and secured Jill's knees and ankles. Then Harry picked up Jill's
panties from the desk and wadded them into a ball.

   "OK Jill open your mouth."

   When Jill complied Harry stuffed the balled up panties into her mouth then
secured the panties in place with a white cleave gag.

   "Jill, if I do say so myself, you look fantastic. What do you think Sally?"

   "Harry you must be a genius, she looks great. Hey Jill how do those panties
taste?"

   Jill shook her head and tried to respond, "Mmmmmmmfffffff."

   "Now Jill see if you can get out of that little tie up."

   Jill struggled unsuccessfully and Harry clicked away switching back an forth
between Nikon and Hasselblad, occasionally picking up  the polaroid or the
digital.

   As Jill struggled the rope drawn through her crotch moved ever so slightly,
creating a friction in her nether regions that would result in the sexual
excitement Sally had been telling her about.

   Sally watching the expression on Jill's face change, immediately understood
what  was happening to her sister, as she too started to feel the wetness
creeping into her groin.

   Harry could have kept Jill like that all day, but reluctantly decided it was
time for a new pose. While releasing Jill from her bonds he noticed a curious
smile for the first time on Jill's face, he held back a knowing grin of his own
and told her,  "Jill you can rinse out your panties in the bathroom sink, they
ought to be dry by the time you are ready to leave."

   When Jill returned Harry led the girls to another room. The prominent feature
of this room was an electric hoist suspended from the ceiling. Harry told Jill
to remove her jacket, then had her lay down on the floor and draw up her knees
keeping her feet on the floor.  Taking two lengths of rope he cinched the first
rope around her right shin and thigh. After several wraps around her leg he fed
the rope inside the leg drawing in the middle of the loops, he then ran the rope
down to her foot catching the heel of her shoe in a loop before tyingï¿½it off. He
tied the left leg in the same manor.

   "OK Jill that takes care of your legs, roll over on your stomach and we'll
get you into a kneeling position."

   Without too much difficulty Jill rolled first onto her side then her stomach.
Harry then enlisted Sally to help him get Jill up into a kneeling position.
Harry grabbed his trusty Nikon and took a few shots of Jill before finishing the
tie.

   "That looks good Jill, now hold out your hands palm to palm and I'll tie them
up for you."

   Harry made several wraps around Jill's wrists then withdrew a 3" steel ring
from his pocket. He placed the ring above the wraps and fed the rope between her
wrists and through the ring.  When the ring had been secured to the rope around
Jill's wrists Harry lowered the hoist's chain and clipped the chain to the ring.
Harry activated the hoist and raised Jill's arms just above her head. A large
white ball gag would keep Jill silent.

   Harry shot away for awhile with Jill fairly comfortably kneeling on the
floor. Then he decided to activate the hoist once more, as the motor whirled
Jill was slowly drawn up. Harry allowed the motor to grind away until Jill had
been lifted off the floor, he did this mostly to center Jill's knees under her.
Then he lowered her until her knees just barely rested on the floor absorbing
most of her weight.
  
   Jill had not been in any real discomfort kneeling on the floor with her arms
slightly above her head, the gag was the only thing that had bothered her. But,
as the hoist began drawing her up panic set in for the first time. As she was
slowly raised off the floor the stress could be seen in her face.  Her eyes
widened, her brow furled, and sweat broke out on her brow and upper lip.

   Harry couldn't resist taking a few close ups of that terrific face before he
lowered her back down.

   Jill felt her knees touch the floor  and suddenly the strain had eased in her
shoulders and she felt relieved, she also felt her love juice slowly trickling
down her thigh. She couldn't explain it or make herself understand it, but she
was excited once again and that feeling of panic had something to do with it.

   Sally continued to read her sister's face like a book, when she saw Jill's
panic ridden face she almost sprung from her seat to go to her assistance. But,
then she saw Harry quickly lowering her sister after taking a couple of close up
shots, she then recognized the change in expression upon Jill's face as she was
being lowered and Sally returned her focus to her own fantasies.


   Harry released Jill from her bonds, he felt there was time for one more pose
before they broke for lunch, and since they were already in the suspension room
he opted to go that way. But first he wanted to get rid of some of Jill's
clothing.

   "Jill I've allowed you the luxury of clothing for too long now, lets take off
your blouse, skirt and bra. We'll do one more pose before lunch."

   Jill complied but was a little embarrassed when Sally made the observation of
how wet Jill's pussy looked.

   Harry let the comment pass and went about preparing for the next pose. First
he took a large 7" ring and clipped it to the hoist. Now brought out a pre
fashioned rope harness, it reminded Jill of one of those macrame plant hangers.
Harry told Jill to hold her hands above her head, he drew the harness over her
outstretched arms down over her head and positioned it over her breasts.

   The harness had two opening which her tits filled comfortably, the harness
had been designed to be a loose fit that could be cinched down. Harry slid a
small ring (just big enough to slide on the gathered ropes) down the ropes until
the harness closed in around Jill's chest. He knotted the the ropes above the
ring to hold the ring in place once he had adjusted the fit. He positioned Jill
beneath the ring laying flat on her stomach, then tied the leads from the
harness ropes to the ring.

   Harry positioned a rope under Jill's hips next. He had doubled a long piece
of rope twice placed it under her hips and drew the ends through the double
loops tying the leads off at the ring.

   The next rope cinched Jill's thighs together just above the knees, again the
rope was doubled and cinched around her thighs a couple of times the ends
separated and drawn between her legs a few times, knotted and the long leads
tied off at the suspension ring. Now Harry made adjustments in the lead ropes so
as to distribute Jill's weight evenly between them.

   Harry activated the hoist drawing up the slack and making adjustments as
necessary. The leads were now drawn taught but Jill still lay firmly on the
floor. Harry quickly tied Jill's ankles then her wrists. He drew her feet up and
back securing her ankles to the main ring. Now the wrists were drawn up and
secured to the ring as well. He pulled a rope around Jill's elbows drawing then
as close together as he could, and tied this off to the lead rope from the
harness.

   Jill was now ready to be levitated above the ground, Harry pushed the "on"
button and Jill was slowly lifted up off the floor. Jill hung inches off the
floor while Harry made his final adjustments to the ropes leading to the
suspension ring. Satisfied that all was secure and that Jill's weight was
distributed evenly Harry punched the "on" button again, when Jill's head was
even with his he stopped the hoist.

   Jill's head felt heavy and so she let it drop, her long blonde hair hanging
down covering her face.

   Harry said: "That wont do Jill, your hair is lovely but we can't have it
covering up that pretty face of yours." He took another piece of rope pulled
Jill's hair away from her face. He crudely formed her hair into a pony tail
knotted the rope around it,then passing the rope through the suspension ring he
pulled until Jill's head had been pulled back to an upright position and knotted
it off.

   Sally walked over to check out her sister as she hung from the ceiling while
Harry went about taking care of the cameras and lighting. "Wow that looks great
Sis, how does it feel."

   "Oh why did I ever let you talk me into this? How do you think it feels? It
feels like hell."

   "You don't have to continue if you don't want to." Then Sally noticed Jill
fighting to keep the corner of her mouth from curling up in a sly little smile
and realized Jill was just giving her sister grief. So Sally gave her sister a
little shove setting Jill to swaying back and forth, and said "you fake."

   After shooting just one roll of the hanging Jill Harry decided to add a gag
to that pretty face. He always favored a ring gag, but he also liked the looks
of a harness around the head. The problem was he could never find a harness ring
gag, so he'd had one made and Jill was about to be the first to use it.

   Harry went back to his office and retrieved a box that had been sitting on
the desk. Returning with the box and opening it as he went, "Jill I think you
are really going to like this, it was just delivered yesterday."

    "Ok Jill open wide"

   Jill opened her mouth and Harry set the ring behind her lower front teethe
then pushed down on her chin until the ring popped in behind her upper teethe.
The harness was made of three rings, one that went into the mouth and two side
rings that connected the harness's three straps. Harry fastened the first strap
behind Jill's head pulling it tight. The second strap fastened under Jill's chin
and the third strap went over the top of her head. Harry made sure all three
straps were cinched as tightly as he could.

   Harry shot several rolls of film with Jill suspended from the ceiling drool
rolling down her chin and her love juices pulsing from her cunt. By the time
Harry decided to break for lunch Jill had a glazed look in her eyes and as the
ring gag was removed her mouth  she cracked a little Mona Lisa smile. He
provided Jill with a robe and they all proceeded to the kitchen for lunch.

   After lunch it was back to the old rope works. Harry brought out the white
corset he had used on Sally. He placed it around Jills waist then enlisted
Sally's help to cinch it tight. With both Harry and Sally pulling on the laces
Jill's 24" waist was quickly reduced to the corsets minimum 19". The corset and
her shoes would be Jill's attire for the afternoon.

   Harry produced a dog's chain choker collar from his pocket, told Jill to
lower her head as he slid it over her head and around her neck. From his other
pocket he withdrew a chain leash and attached this to the ring in the collar.
  
   Harry gave a gentle tug on the leash,  as the collar constricted around
Jill's long graceful neck she found herself following docilely as Harry lead her
into another room. This room's main attraction was a pole that rose from the
floor to the ceiling. Harry was again surprised at how easily both sisters had
allowed themselves to be lead around on a leash.

   Jill found herself positioned with her back to the pole, Harry centered the
rope on her chest above her tits passing it behind her back then around and
below her tits, he made each pass once more. He used two passes above and two
below Jill's tits then he criss crossed the ropes between her breast. Having
fashioned a rope halter around her breast, Harry now used the ropes remaining
length to fasten Jill to the pole. Three loops went completely around Jill and
the pole.  Securing Jill snugly to the pole.

   He pulled Jill's arms back behind the pole and secured her wrists while Jill
held her hands palm to palm, with four loops holding her wrists securely
together he fastened her wrists to the pole. Harry proceeded to tie her knees
and ankles in a similar manner, cinching them tightly together before securing
the ties to the pole.

   Harry lashed his victim to the pole even more securely, passing additional
ropes around Jill's waist, thighs, and calves. He had allowed the leash to
dangle down Jill's front catching it between the ropes as he bound Jill to the
pole. Now he pulled steadily down on the leash until he could see the collar
tighten about Jill's elegant throat. Then he passed it between her legs and
pulled it back until it rose up into her crotch passing between her cunt lips
and rested provocatively against her clit before securing it's handle to the
pole with yet another rope.

   Jill was now securely pinned to the pole, she found that she could move her
fingers, she could move her head back and forth, up and down, and she could move
her hips just enough to create friction on her clit from the invasive chain.
Harry added a large red ball gag, stood back and admired his handy work, then
went about shooting the next rolls of film.
  
   Harry changed Jill's position several more times before deciding to call it
quits for the day.

   "Jill you know where the shower is, if you want to freshen up before getting
dressed."

   Jill grabbed her clothing and escaped to the bathroom.

   "Do you think your sister enjoyed herself as much as you did?"

   "I don't know, but she seemed to be giving that chain a bit of a work out
while you had her tied to the pole."

   "Yeah, it sounded like more than few moans where escaping that big red ball
gag I had stuffed in her mouth."

   "I think she made more noise than I did."

   "Maybe she did more moaning, but I think you were a little louder. You know,
both of you girls look terrific all tied up in ropes. Any time you'd like to be
tied up again let me know."

   "I thought Jill looked pretty good today, and I liked the pictures you showed
us of my shoot. So as far as I'm concerned another session is a definite
possibility."

   "If you can arrange for another chaperone I'd love to shoot the two of you
together the next time."

   "I'll have to let you know about that, we don't know Jill's take on today
yet."

   After a little more small talk between Harry and Sally, Jill joined them.

   "Your sister and I have been discussing the possibility of another shoot,
maybe this time with both of you girls in ropes."

   Jill gave Sally a sharp look before responding, "I'll have to discuss that
with Sally when we get home."

   Without any further discussion the girls prepared to leave. The drive back to
the city was much like the drive out, the effervescent Sally did most of the
talking while the reserved Jill sat mutely in her  seat.

End Part 2




Part 3


   The two girls went up to their apartment without a word being spoken.  Once
inside Jill exclaimed, "I don't know why or how I allowed myself to talked into
that ordeal?" Then went to her bedroom and closed the door, not to be seen by
her sister until late the next day.

   Sally was confused, either she had completely misread her sister's reactions
during the photo shoot, or big sister Jill was in some very serious denial.

   Jill was mad at herself for enjoying a forbidden pleasure, once safely within
the confines of her own bedroom, she retrieved her favorite vibrator, then tore
off her clothes and jumped into bed. Experiencing orgasm after orgasm as she
masturbated well into the wee hours of the morning.

   Several days later, and after much prodding from Sally, Jill was finally able
to discuss the photo shoot with her sister.

   "I've never felt this good or this horny in my life, what am I supposed to do
now?  I can't stop myself from thinking about those ropes and the restriction, I
can't even rely on my old fantasies to masturbate, I get started but I can't get
off until I image my arms tied behind my back and a rope rubbing exquisitely
upon my clit."

   Not too surprisingly Sally admitted she felt much of  the same things as
Jill.

   The girls were in a real dilemma, they first tried tying each other up. This
worked for a while, but some element always seemed to be missing for both of the
girls.

   One day as the sisters sat around just chewing the fat it dawned on both of
them what was missing. Jill said: "You know all that bondage got me excited, but
do you know what gave me the biggest thrill?  When Harry snapped that leash onto
my collar and lead me to the next room." The very same thought was clicking in
Sally's mind as she chimed in "and lead me to the next room" in cadence with her
sister.

   The next day Jill was on the phone to Harry, "Sally and I have a proposal for
you, how would you like two live-in models to photograph whenever you chose?"

   "That's an interesting proposition you have there, why not come out to my
place  Saturday and we can discuss it."

   That Saturday Harry, Jill and Sally sat around Harry's kitchen table with a
full pot of coffee and a plate full of muffins and discussed a very unusual
arrangement.

   "You know I may have been working at the time, but I noticed you two getting
off during our shoots, I also noticed how easily you both took to the leash.  So
if this arrangement is going to work I'm going to have to get more than just
pictures. I think you girls are very submissive with a little streak of
masochism thrown in."

   "I'm pretty sure Sally had an easier time accepting that fact than you did
Jill, but I think you are starting to realize it now. I propose that you two not
be just live-in models, but that you become my live-in sex slaves. If you agree,
then we should try it out for this weekend, if by Sunday night you want no part
of the arrangement I'll drive you both back to the city and we'll never broach
the subject again."

   To no ones surprise Sally quickly agreed, Jill was not so sure of this little
twist that Harry was trying to impose. Sally urged Jill on: "Oh come on Jill
it's just for the weekend, if you don't like it we can leave."

   Harry joined in "yes you can leave but not until Sunday night, if you are not
willing to try it I'll drive home right now."

   Still with some misgivings Jill gave in and agreed to stay the weekend.

   Harry wasted no time and ordered his two new slaves to undress. He fastened
black  leather cuffs about Jill's wrists and ankles, and white leather cuffs on
Sally. He added a wide and stiff black leather collar to Jill and an equally
wide and stiff white leather collar about Sally's pretty neck. The wrist cuffs
were then joined behind their backs with a padlock, and a matching leash (black
for Jill and White for Sally) was attached to each slave's collar. The final
items were matching 6" high heeled pumps, of course black for Jill and white for
Sally.

   With his slaves properly attired Harry drew up the leashes and began to lead
them outside. Both girls were confused, they had assumed they would remain in
the house, but neither resisted as they were lead out onto the grounds. With the
leashes firmly in his hand Harry lead the girls to the barn, a building the two
new slaves had not really taken notice of before.

   Inside the barn the girls felt like they had been transported back in time to
some medieval dungeon.

   Harry decided it was time to see if his new playmates were really as
submissive and masochistic as he suspected they were.  He lead them to what
appeared at first to be a simple  but tall saw horse.  As the sisters approached
they noticed the saw horse was not so typical, the top had been padded and
covered in leather.  The saw horse had two other distinctive features, from
opposite sides of the top of the horse two leather clad dildos protruded.


   The slaves were aligned on opposite sides of the horse staggered so that they
could each be positioned over the horse with a leather clad dildo insinuating
itself into the respective vaginas of the two slaves.  Harry positioned Jill
first, he eased her onto the dildo, then released her wrists from behind her
back and drew her arms across the horse then drew them down the other side to
where he fastened the cuffs to an eyebolt secured at the bottom of the horse.
After connecting her ankles with a short chain he repeated the process with
Sally on the opposite side of the horse. The sisters were now positioned, 
bottoms exposed,  and secured in opposite directions across the horse.

   "All good slaves need to bear the stripes of their master." Harry picked up a
conductor's baton and swished it through the air.

   Jill wondered what the baton could be for, Sally thought she had a pretty
good idea.

   As Harry positioned himself behind Jill and softly stroked her ass with the
baton,  it finally dawned on her what Harry meant to do with the baton. Just as
she was about to issue a protest Harry brought the baton down with force. Jill's
protest suddenly became a long piercing scream, the force of the blow drove her
hips forward onto the dildo driving it hard into her love channel.

   Harry gave her time to recover slightly, a few light taps then the baton
slammed into her ass again forcing the penetration of the dildo deeper into her
pussy. He had developed a pretty good rhythm by the time each ass cheek bore ten
distinctive stripes. He was also pleased to observe that Jill continued to
rhythmically attack the dildo after he had he had finished her stripes, and had
moved onto Sally.

   Sally knew full well what was coming and although anxiously anticipated the
attention she was about to receive she also had  her apprehensions. She had
picked up on her sisters excitement as Jill pressed aggressively onto her dildo
(how could she not), and was already pumping away at the dildo when she heard
the swish of the baton and felt the pain of her first stripe driving her even
deeper onto her dildo.
  
   Harry proceeded with Sally as he had with Jill, distributing twenty stripes,
ten to each cheek of Sally's cute little ass. When he was finished Harry had his
two slaves pumping away at their respective intruder.

   Harry decided this would be a good time to take a break. He left the two
girls working off their excess energy and went back to the house for some
coffee. The two slaves were too involved with what they were doing to pay much
attention to Harry's departure.

   When Harry returned he found his two novice slaves exhausted and motionless,
love juice slowly dripping down their thighs, still in their respective
positions over the wooden horse.

   Harry released Sally and Jill from the horse, then ordered his slaves to
kneel. "As slaves your have no rights, and no thoughts but to please your
master. In this barn you will be treated as the sex hungry animals you are. You
will be brought here for punishment and to play dog and pony games. The
punishment may be for disobedience or simply for my pleasure, which may lead to
your  own pleasure as you have just discovered in your initial taste of true
pain. "

   "My cute little pets, you have already discovered that discomfort and pain
can bring you pleasure, now we will see if humiliation will have the same effect
on you two novice slaves."

   Harry went to a wall where a vast array of bondage and punishment devices
were arranged.  He took down a menacing taws, some nipple clamps, two metal
belts and some clothes pins.

   "For the rest of the day you will not be permitted to stand erect. You will
move about on all fours and you will be treated like dogs. Sally come here."

   Sally began to rise, but before she could gain her feet Harry closed the
distance between them and Sally felt the sting of taws on her rear.

   "I said you would move about on all fours, now try again slave."

   Sally stifled a protest and got down on hands and knees and crawled over to
Harry. Harry patted her head, "Good girl." He then fastened the the steel belt
around her waist locking it in place with a pad lock. The nipple clamps had
adjustable levers, he played with her nipples until they were hard then applied
the clamps adjusting the pressure until they brought a grimace to Sally's face,
the two clamps were connected by a silver chain.

   He took a set of chains from the wall and arranged them about Sally
connecting them to her ankle and wrist cuffs and to the steel belt in such a way
that Sally could not straighten her legs or stand up, thus ensuring that she
would remain on her hands and knees. "I know you are not used to being on your
hands and knees all day so this will help you maintain your position."

   "Jill come here."

   Jill did not make Sally's mistake, she crawled over to her master on hands
and knees and was reward with a pat on the head and "good girl". Jill also
received the steel belt nipple clamps and chains.

   Jill watched as Harry picked up two clothes pins. The clothes pins had rings
dangling from their levered end, the girl wondered about this. Harry gave each
of his pets a couple of pats on the ass "good girls, now for those excitable
pussies of yours". Harry played with one pussy then the other, he paid
particular attention to each slaves clit, when he had each slave moaning with
pleasure and their little clits standing at attention he clamped a clothes pin
to each slaves excited little erection.

   Harry reached into his pocket and retrieved some fishing weights. He hung one
on each of the girls nipple clamps chain causing each slave a slight moan of
discomfort, then the clothes pin rings each received a weight eliciting a tiny
yelp from each victim.

   "Jill sit."

   Jill sat back on her heals.

    "Good girl."

   He then took Sally's leash, "Sally heel", Harry lead Sally by the leash
around the barn several times. He then released the leash from her collar and
told her to continue to circle the barn. Sally obeyed her master and to crawl
around the barns the weights swaying with her movement causing the young slave a
lot of discomfort, but as the discomfort increased so did the wetness at her
crotch.

   Harry picked up Jill's leash, "Jill heel" and lead her on a walk around the
barn in the opposite direction from Sally. He released Jill's leash and told her
to continue to circle the barn. Jill obeyed her master, and soon experienced the
same discomfort and wetness as her sister.

   As the girls continued to circle the barn Harry said: "good girls, now each
time you pass each other on your circuit you will kiss each other on the mouth."

   The two sisters plodded on their odd journey and kissed each other on the
mouth before passing on their route.

   Harry made himself comfortable  picked up his trusty Nikon and clicked away
as he watched the sisters continue their journey around and around the barn.
"Good girls, very good,  now on each time you pass you will lick the others
ass."

   Jill was ready to revolt at this notion but upon feeling the taws stinging
her ass  she soon changed her mind.  So the girls plodded on again, this time
licking each other ass each time they passed.

   Harry allowed the girls to continue their journey for nearly two hours.
Finally he called out: "Sally, Jill here girls". The two girls tired and aching,
all that wetness was causing the two slaves to chafe around the groin, were glad
to finally be released from their arduous journey. The two slaves slowly crawled
over to Harry.

   "Sally lay down, Jill lay down next to Sally in a sixty-nine position. Good
girls," he patted both girls on the rump. You may now lick each others pussy
until you cum."

   Harry left the two sister hungrily licking the others pussy and went back to
the house. He returned an hour later to find the exhausted girls cuddled
together on the floor. He had four bowls with him.

   "Jill, Sally sit."

   The sisters each forced themselves up to attain a kneeling position. Harry
placed two bowls in front of each girl. He filled one bowl with water and the
other with a beef stew. He patted each girls head, "time for Odin din'".

   Jill and Sally looked at each other then bent down and ate and drank their
fill. As the two slaves sated themselves Harry clicked away with a digital
camera.

   Dinner over Harry announced it was time for bed, he attached a leash to each
girl and lead them to a set of cages that the two girls had passed many times in
the circuit around the barn. A dog pillow and a bowl of water had been placed in
each cage. Harry removed the chains, nipple clamps and clothes pins from his two
pets, then lead the two slaves to their respective cages and told them to go in.
Each girl crawled inside their respective cage noting that the cage would not
permit them to stand or to stretch out completely.

   The cages, like those in real kennel, were set on grates so that any liquid
waste the sisters may produce would flow out. And a sheet of newspaper had been
set in a corner of the cage should it be necessary for them the release any
solid waste. As exhausted as the girls were it did not take them long the curl
up on their cushion. The two novice slaves could not deny their exhaustion, but
each slave also had a hungry little cunt aching for pleasure. So each girl
contentedly fondled away at their clits until they were overcome with pleasure
and finally with sleep.

   The next morning Harry sat in his office watching his pets on a monitor
screen, the closed circuit TV gave him an excellent view of his charges as they
began to stir. He did not want to disturb his two beauties until they were fully
awake and had relieved themselves.  Sally rose first, she rolled off her cushion
and as soon as she was on all fours her bladder begged for release. With no
other recourse she finally let go, her pee flowed in a long hot stream down her
leg, she soon made the discovery that if she lifted one leg she could keep her
pee off of her other leg.
  
   Then a look of forlorned apprehension appeared on Sally's face as the urge to
defecate presented itself. With the urge increasing and no sign of Harry she
resigned herself to crawling over the newspaper where she was able to achieve a
squatting position and reluctantly relieved her bowels.

   When Jill awoke she was faced with the same dilemmas as her sister, after
rolling off of her cushion and getting onto all fours relieving her bladder was
a simple matter, she couldn't stop it. Jill made the same discovery as sister,
lifting her leg kept the warm fluid from flowing down her leg.

   When the urge to defecate hit her she was in a real conundrum, she was
determined not to shit on the newspaper. Harry (watching on the monitor) poured
himself another cup of coffee and waited for the inevitable.

   Harry watched as nature took it's course for the embarrassed Jill, then went
out to the barn. He released the two slaves from their cages and then had them
clean up their mess from their respective cages. When they had finished cleaning
up Harry removed their collars and cuffs. He had two galvanized tubs filled with
soapy water waiting for his two pets.

   "Jill, Sally get into a tub but remain on all fours."

   Harry picked up a sponge and proceeded to bathe his two pets just as he would
a pair of cocker spaniels. When he had finished he ordered: "out of the tubs my
pets, and shake." The two sisters climbed out of their tubs and did their best
to shake off the excess water. Harry then produced two lush white turkish towel
and enveloped his two  shaking pets in them. Once dried Harry replaced their
collars and cuffs, attached leashes to the collars and lead them back to saw
horse.

   Harry arranged the sisters across the horse as they had been the previous day
and administered ten more stripes to each of their cute little ass cheeks, by
changing the direction of his strokes he left a nice little waffle like pattern
on each gorgeous cheek of his wanton pet. He left the sisters humping away on
the respective dildos just as he had the day before.

   Harry returned to the barn with a box tucked under his arm and a riding crop
in his hand he announced: "well ladies it's post time". The sisters looked at
each other befuddled by his phrase. He proceeded to release the sisters from the
saw horse, attached their leashes and lead them to the corner of the barn that 
resembled horse stalls.

   Harry set his box down on a nearby stool then placed each girl in a separate
hay filled stall tying their leashes to side of their stable. He then went over
to a box marked "tackle" and retrieved the leather and metal articles the girls
were about to wear. He opened the box he had placed on the stool, then prepared
the girls for their days workout.

   The box on the stool contained matching under the bust silk corsets, one in
black and one in white. Harry liked the Ying and Yang consistency of the black
and white motif he had decided upon for his novice slaves. Black to contrast
with Jill's blonde hair and white to contrast with Sally's raven locks.

   Harry used padlocks to connect the wrist cuffs of each girl then looped the
padlock over a hook near the top of each stall. The two sisters now stood with
arms stretched above their heads. Picking up the white corset Harry went to
Sally's stall first and laced her into the confining garment, he worked the
laces until he had reduced her 26" waist to 20", he knotted the laces so that
they would not come loose. Then hunted through the tackle box for a hinged
stainless steel belt. When he found one marked 20 he returned to Sally, and fit
the belt around Sally's waist. The belt had to be coached slightly to be closed,
but when Harry had forced the two ends together he took a padlock and locked it
in place about her narrowed waist.

   Harry then repeated the process with Jill lacing her 24" waist down to the
19" limit of  the black corset. He knotted the laces, then fitted a 19"
stainless steel belt around Jill's waist and locked it in place with a padlock.
      
   Next came shoes for the two ponies to be. Harry had selected an oxford style
shoe that could be laced on for a better fit, quite sensible except for the
presence of their 4" heels and naturally the shoes were black for Jill and white
for Sally.

   From the gear he had removed from the tackle box Harry grabbed one black and
one white leather bridle. He had no trouble strapping the bridles on his two
slaves. The bridle's consisted of a brow strap with two long thin straps for the
bit rings dangling down each side, and a chin strap that went up over the head.

   But there was some anxious resistance when Sally and Jill caught sight of the
bit. Which was fashioned from a metal rod with a "V" bent into the middle,
covered with rubber tubing, and had sticking our on both sides  from the point
of the "V" a long metal stud. One swift stroke of the riding crop on the ass and
all resistance disappeared from the two slaves. With the bits popped into each
waiting mouth Harry secured them by passing the dangling straps from the head
band through the bit rings and pulling them back and fastened them at the back
of their necks. A short thin strap went from one ring to the other under the
chin. Pulled tightly the bit was forced to the bottom of their mouths with the
stud pressing down on their tongues.

   Matching black and white leather harnesses came next, a wide belt went around
the waist just above the metal belt. Two straps came up from the back of the
belt over their shoulders crossed between their breasts and buckled tightly to
buckles in the front of the belt. A third strap ran from the bottom of the belt
went down through their crotch and buckled to the front of the belt. Attached to
this third belt where two dildos, one huge one meant for the cunt and one
smaller one, a butt plug meant for the anus.

   Harry forced their wrists up behind their backs so that they rested between
their shoulder blades, a short strap ran from their cuffs to a buckle on the
back of their collars. He locked the cuffs together and tightened the strap as
tight as he could make it. This forced the girls arms up until their wrists were
nearly even with their collars which forced their breasts to thrust forward.

   Harry detached their leashes and fastened driving reins to their bridles. He
took the reins and lead them from their stalls out into the yard where a light
four wheeled cart awaited Sally and Jill, he backed the girls up on either side
of the tandem hitch, using chains he connected the girls to the shaft passing
the chains through rings on their steel belts and rings on the shaft. With his
ponies secured to the shaft of the cart he took their reins and hitched them to
a post in front of the barn.

   Leaving the ponies tied to the post, stomping the ground and shaking their
bridled heads,  Harry went back to the house for one last cup of coffee. He
returned with a light buggy whip, untied the reins took up his seat in the cart
and said "giddy-up".

   The girls just stood there. A flick of the whip across Jill's shoulders
resulted in the cart jerking to the right. A flick at Sally's rump got the two
girls moving forward. Then with a jerk on the reins, which force the bit's stud
up to roof of their mouths, the wide eyed ponies moved off together. They moved
along at a very herky-jerky pace, Harry knew it would take some time to get the
girls working as a true tandem.

   Harry spent the morning driving the girls around the farm yard. With each
stride the girls took the dildos worked themselves in and out of their
prescribed hole, the girls where becoming dizzy from the constant sexual
excitement and physical exercise. By the time they stopped for lunch the girls
were cumming together, their love juice and piss flowing freely down their inner
thighs, and had achieved a small degree of team work in their gait. Harry
loosened their harnesses lead them to a trough, and fed them their lunch.

   After lunch he decided a little dressage training was in order. He tightened
their harnesses again, detached the driving reins and replaced them with long
training leads. Then with a long whip in hand Harry started teaching his ponies
a high action strut.  Harry stood in the middle of a ring with each pony being
lead around around him as he cracked the whip if they failed to raise their
knees high enough.
  
   By the end of the day the girls could hardly stand. Harry took them back into
the barn and released them from their bondage. Then with collars and leashes
attached he took them back to the house and let them shower up. After the girls
had cleaned up they donned the robes Harry had provided and they all met in the
kitchen.

   Harry sat at the kitchen table with a stack of papers in front of him. "Well
girls after experiencing two days of being sex slaves what do you think?"
  
   "I've never been so turned on, cumm so much or been so horny in my life,"
Jill blurted out.

   Harry was surprised that Jill had been the first to respond, "and what did
you think Sally?"

   "I've been gung ho ever since you first proposed it, nothings changed except
I'm just as horny as my sister."

   "So do I take it you agree to move in as sex slave? I've prepared these
papers if you've made up your minds we can sign them and we'll spend the week
moving you in."

   "What are the papers for?", asked Jill.

   "They're just a formality, so that we all know we're entering this
arrangement with our eyes open."

   The girls looked over the papers Harry had assembled, then the girls talked
it over between themselves.

   "Harry it looks like you just gained two sex slaves, where do we sign?"

   "Now before you make up your minds consider this; Jill you have a career, you
have to decide whether you want to continue with that career, continuing your
career will mean you will have to work under some new restrictions. If you
decide to quit you'll have responsibilities around here to do. Sally since you
work at night if you are going to commit to our agreement I'm afraid you'll have
to quit dancing at the club, and you too will have duties to perform around
here."

   Sally spoke up, "I don't need my job at the Purple Onion."

   "I like my job, and you're not usually home during the day anyway, so as long
as it works out I want to keep my job." Jill responded.

   "In that case Sally you get to be the domestic slave, you'll clean up the
dishes in the morning and do any cleaning around the house during the day that
may be needed. I've got a great little costume for you to wear."

   "Okay now some rules about clothing, slaves don't wear panties, pantyhose,
pants, or skirts lower than the knee. Bras are only permitted outside the house.
And you must wear your corset and high heels at all times ."

   They nodded, "okay."

   "Sally while surviving as the domestic slave you must wear the maids outfit
that I will provide, and be shackled all day."
  
   "On Saturday we will go get you both some slave jewelry, for now,  once you
sign the arrangement you will be expected to wear a slave collar at all times."
  
   " Well, that's not a problem for me, but how is Jill going to wear a collar
at work?"

   Harry reached into his pants pocket and dropped a gold chain in front of
Jill, "it's 24k gold, and it's a dog's choke collar. With the pull ring in the
back it will pass as a necklace."

   "Unless you have any more questions or concerns why don't we sign these
papers and go to bed?"

   The three of them placed their John Hancocks on the agreement, Harry took the
papers to his office and locked them in his safe.

   "You are now Oslave s' and Oslave j', bow your heads." Harry took an
identical choker collar from  his pocket and pulled it down over slave s's head
until it rested around her neck, then picked up the one from the table and
pulled it down over slave j's head. He attached leashes to his two slaves and
lead them to the bedroom. 

   "Remove your robes slaves, and get into bed," Harry fastened the leashes to
the bed posts, slave s on the left and slave j on the right. He climbed over
slave j to get in the middle. Harry and his two horny sex slaves rocked the bed
far into the night.

End of Part 3




Epilogue


   Harry and his slaves spent the next week moving his slaves from slave j's
apartment to Harry's house. As promised on Saturday he took his slaves out for
some slave jewelry. Both slave's were pierced through their nipples, navels and
clitoris. Gold rings now adorned their nipples, navels and clits. The ring
through their clit also bore a gold tag inscribed slave s and slave j
respectively.

   From an Italian firm Harry purchased a new garment he had just seen in
Playboy, a pearl G-string for each slave, the G-strings had two strands of
pearls allowing the rings in their clits free movement between the strands. The
pearls lined either side of their now shaved pussies.

   Harry required slave j to wear a chastity belt when at work and her
co-workers noticed that she never wore pants suits any more, much to the
appreciation of the office girl oglers.

   As promised slave s had to wear the unique maid's outfit Harry had referred
to when serving as the domestic slave. The dress was a very shear black nylon
that came down to about mid thigh, with a shear white apron and cap. Slave s
looked quite provocative in her maid's outfit perched on 5" white high heeled
pumps and chains running from throat, to wrists, to waist, to ankles.

   After that first night Harry decided that the two slaves together was just
too much for him. He moved a dog cage into his bed room so that while one slave
would enjoy his bed the other would have to content herself in the cage. Harry
enjoyed playing games with his slaves to see which would win the privilege of
his bed and since neither slave had a particular advantage in the games they
produced no discourse.

   The menage et tois ran smoothly, Harry proved to be a strict but fair master
and the slaves discovered that they had never been happier. Harry was proving to
be a pretty fair country photographer as well. After attending the BondCon 2002
in New York as a visitor, he decided he would attend the next BondCon 2003 Las
Vegas as a producer/photographer and his slaves as models with his own stall
displaying his photography and his two lovely slave models. So he made hotel 
reservations for slave j, slave s and himself for the next BondCon 2003 Las
Vegas.

Finis

See you at BondCon 2003 Las Vegas
Stardust Resort & Casino
January 9, 10, 11 & 12




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  BZ


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





