BDSM Library - The Creation Of Cumbag




The Creation Of Cumbag
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The pre-sequel of Cumbag series. Here it tells how the girl became a cumbag, just like her own mother.
The Creation OF CUMBAG
By
Steve Dema

Chapter 1


"Suck that cock you fucking bitch!...Uuhmm...Yeah!...Slurp on it slut...Fucking
slut!...MMMmm...Hey man!...Fuck this bitch's ass harder than that!" the man
screamed at the helpless young woman bound on the bed. Lucy peeked through the
keyhole from the bathroom watching the four men relentlessly fuck the moaning
woman. Lucy watched as the man fucked the woman's mouth like a cunt. He used
handfuls of her hair to rock her slobbering mouth up and down on his hard cock.
Lucy noticed how the strands of spit seemed to connect the woman's mouth to his
cock even when he pulled it from her mouth.

The woman was on her hands and knees, face down on her bed, with her hands tied
to her feet. The man who was brutally fucking her ass was fat and ugly. His face
was contorted as he gasped and slobbered all over the woman's back. Young Lucy
watched as the man fucking the woman's mouth rolled his ass in a circular
motion. He cackled as he pulled the woman's hair, "Fucking cunt...You are one
worthless whore!...If we weren't helping you, you wouldn't be getting fucked
nearly this well!" He winked at the two smiling men who had tied ropes around
the woman's tits. They were pulling on the ropes, jerking her spasming body back
and forth between the two men like a battering ram at a castle gate.  Lucy
moaned and pulled her fingers out of her little girl cunt. Lucy looked at the
slime that coated her fingers for a moment, and then quickly stuck them in her
mouth. As she sucked down her slime, she stuck two fingers up her ass and peeked
back through the peephole into her mother's bedroom. Lucy's little cunt juiced
even more as she finger-fucked her ass.

"AARRGggg!...I'M CUMMING SLUT!...UUUHHMM!...FUCKING CUNT!" the man fucking mommy
screamed as Lucy saw his ass tighten. Lucy knew what that meant!  The little
girl had been spying on her mother for years. Some of her earliest memories were
of her mother being gang-raped by dozens of men while she watched from her room.
She remembered once, peeking through the bars of her baby crib and watching
several men piss in her mother's mouth. She even remembered the happy look on
her mother's face as she turned her face from one pissing cock to the next. She
remembered how all the men were laughing.

Lucy watched the man fucking her mother twitch around, emptying his balls in
mommy's cunt. She couldn't make out exactly what the grunting man was saying.
But she knew he was calling her a 'cunt' and 'slut' and 'whore'. That was
something EVERY man did.

Lucy felt that funny tingling feeling in her hairless pussy and reached for the
rag she had pissed on. The little girl shoved the dripping piss-rag in her mouth
and sucked. She slurped her piss down her throat as she crammed her fingers back
into her pussy. As Lucy felt the fingers from each hand through the thin
membrane between her cunt and ass, she chewed on the piss rag. She used the piss
rag for two reasons; to muffle the sounds of her orgasms, and she loved to taste
piss when she masturbated.

"Fucking stupid slut! You let some of my cum come out of you nose!...I'll fix
you!"

Lucy heard in the distance as she ravished her young, swollen cunt.  Lucy heard
her mother choking and gurgling. She knew that someone was pissing in mommy's
mouth. Lucy started to cum. Lucy would cum anytime she knew her mother was being
used as a toilet.

"MMMmm... uhhnmph...fuck me...mmmm" Lucy mumbled around the wet piss-rag crammed
into her mouth. Lucy thrashed around violently as her orgasm took control of her
young, tender body. Lucy's world went black as she came hard, bouncing her head
off of the toilet. The last sounds she heard were her mother gulping piss, the
laughter of the men, and her own frantic gasps around the piss-rag.

"WHAT THE FUCK!!!"

Lucy's eyes opened to see one of the men staring down at her naked young body.

 "Ha Ha Ha, Hey little bitch!...What have you been up to, huh?...Spying on your
slut-mother, heh...Hey Mike!...Check this out!...Better yet...Drag that cunt in
here!" the man laughed.

Lucy yanked her fingers from her cunt and ass as the piss wet rag dropped from
her open mouth. Lucy curled into a ball behind the toilet to hide her nakedness
from the leering man standing over her. She saw between the man's legs her
mother being drug by her tits to the bathroom. Lucy whimpered and curled into a
ball when her mother was kicked into bathroom beside her.

Lucy looked wide-eyed into her mother's face. She then noticed how her mother
was smiling and looking over her young body. Lucy looked around from one face to
another as the other men crowded in the doorway. They all had the same
look....Pure lust!... Even her mother.  Lucy stared at her mother as she saw her
mother began to finger her cunt. The men started slowly stroking their cocks.
One of the men grabbed a handful of her mother's hair and wrapped it around his
cock as he stroked it.

His cock was less than three feet from Lucy's frightened face. Lucy smelled the
musky scent of his cock. Her eyes widened as she saw a small drop of liquid seep
from his pisshole and drop into her mother's right eye. Lucy's mother just
blinked and stared at her daughter's wet cunt and licked her lips.

It was the first time young Lucy had seen a cock this close. She looked from one
cock to the next in wonder. She thought they were the most beautiful things she
had ever seen. Lucy looked at her mother and thought her mother was beautiful
too. Thick ropes hung from each of her tits. They were tied tightly around the
base of her mother's huge tits causing her tits to stand out even firmer. They
had even taken on a faint, blue tint. Except for the bright red, blood engorged
nipples that had the little clamps on the tips. Cum dripped from every angle of
her mother's face. Some of the thick, white, musky cum dripped to her tits, and
then stretched to the floor.

"Well little cunt...Tell your mother what you've been up to?...Do it little
bitch!...You can't lie your way out of this. Not when you've been caught
wet-fingered!" the man said with a sneer as he stroked his thickening cock.

 Lucy stared at the thin string of cum as it dripped from the man's cock in a
long strip.

" DO WHAT YOU ARE FUCKIN' TOLD SLUT!!!" another man screamed, breaking the
trance the cock had put Lucy in.  Startled back to reality, Lucy looked back at
her mother. 

"I...I...I'm sorry, mommy...I didn't mean to spy on you...Please don't be mad at
me...I promise I won't do it again." Lucy said as tears began to swell in her
eyes. Lucy's mother looked at her young daughter and smiled. She leaned over to
Lucy, with her fingers from her left hand still working in her cunt, and brushed
Lucy's hair.

"It's OK Darling. I'm not mad at you. I love you." She said putting her arm
around her daughter.

Lucy looked up at her mother's cum-coated face, "You're not?...Really?...I'm not
in trouble?"

Lucy's mother threw her head back and laughed, winking at the four men staring
at the mother and daughter. The men smiled evilly as they stroked their cocks. 

"You stupid little cunt. I've known you've been watching for years...You have no
idea how hot it made me knowing my little girl was watching her mother being the
slut-whore she is...Actually Lucy, I hope you want to do more than just
watch...." Mommy said looking down at Lucy.

Lucy suddenly knew what her mother was saying, smiled as she hugged her mother.

"Oh Mommy! Do you mean I can be just like you?...Do you really mean it?...
You're not teasing me are you?" Lucy exclaimed as she looked at her mother and
the lusting men.

"Yes I mean it...If you really want to. You know I'm a slut, don't you.  I'm
also a cunt...Does my little girl want to be a slut like her mother?" she asked
Lucy as she hugged her to her tits.

Lucy rubbed her head in her mothers wet tit. Lucy knew that smell. PISS! As she
looked at her mother's huge tits, Lucy read the tattoos. On her right tit,
Lucy's mother had the word 'PIG'. On her other it was the word 'CUNT'. Lucy
looked up at her mother, "PIG CUNT?" she asked.

"Yes darling...That's my name...and that's what I am. A pig cunt....I'm just a
filthy pig-cunt whore." She answered. Lucy looked questionably at her mother.
"Let me explain...A slut is a woman that will fuck anything, anytime, anyhow.
And a cunt is lower than a slut is. A cunt will let anyone do anything they want
to it...In fact a cunt is barely human...A cunt is a thing!...A cunt is just a
thing for men to shove cocks into and dump cum into...That is the job of a
cunt...Now...a pig cunt is even lower than that...That's what I am...A Pig
cunt!...And you are the daughter of a pig cunt" Mommy said. Lucy remembered the
jolt that went through her little clit when her mother had called her 'stupid
little cunt' and smiled broadly.

"That's what I want to be mommy!...A pig cunt!...I want to be the BEST pig-cunt
in the WORLD!!!....Will you show me?...Will you teach me to be a good little pig
cunt, Mommy?...Please!...I'll do good...I promise...I'll let anyone fuck me
anyway they want to" Lucy exclaimed.

Lucy reached down and took her mother's hand that her mother had been playing
with her cunt. Lucy stared her mother in the eye and licked drying cum off of
her mother's face as Lucy pulled her mother's cunt soaked fingers to her face. 

"YUMMY!...Mommy cum is GOOD!"

Lucy sniffed at her mother's fingers and then started licking them. Lucy made
loud slurping noises as she sucked. That brought a fresh round of sneers and
lewd laughter from her mother and the men. Lucy winked at her mother when her
mother slid two fingers from her other hand into Lucy's tiny hairless cunt.

"Lucy baby...Uuhh...I mean Lucy cunt, let me show you something that's a lot
better than your pig-cunt-slut-mother's fucked out cunt." Lucy's mother said as
she winked to the man, Carl, in the doorway.

"The first thing a slut has to know is how to suck a cock. Sluts spend a lot of
time sucking cocks and you'll need to be a good cocksucker....All men like to
relax and have a slut slurp their cocks....And it's only fair that we cunts do
all of the work...After all...We are the ones getting all of that wonderful
cum....Also I've found ALL men love to grab a cunt's hair and jerk their heads
around on their cocks.  So the first thing you need to learn is how to turn your
mouth into a cunt! We'll cover the other things a slut has to know and do
later... So, does my little girl want to be a good cocksucker?...Hmmm?...Do You,
cunt?"

Lucy looked at her mother and said, "Yes Mommy. I want to be the best cocksucker
in the whole, wide world... Will you teach me?..I promise to pay attention." Her
mother smiled as she said, "Of course honey. Mommy will teach you."

"Lucy-cunt meet Carl...Carl meet my daughter Lucy-cunt...Carl, would you be so
kind as to fuck my daughters mouth?...Please?...Pretty-please?...Fuck my baby's
mouth?...My little slut daughter wants to be a pig-cunt like her mother, so
let's teach the slut...Now Lucy-cunt...Carl's going to fuck your mouth like it's
a cunt. From now on Lucy-cunt, your mouth WILL be a cunt. Do you understand?"

Lucy nodded as Carl stepped closer. 

"OK Lucy-cunt I'll hold your head... Now open your fucking little mouth for the
nice cock."

 Lucy stared at the huge cock intently, wondering how she could ever get one
that big to fit in her tiny mouth. Lucy's mother took Carl's cock in her hand
and rubbed it over her daughter's face. They all laughed at the little girl when
she opened her mouth trying to catch the dripping cock. 

"OK Lucy-cunt, stick out your tongue...GOOD CUNT!...Now lick the cock...Yeah!...
That's the way...Nice and slow...Use lots of spit...That's my baby...Men like a
lot of spit...Now...Lick the piss-hole...Oh! You're going to be a GREAT little
slut." Lucy's mother continued to finger her daughter's wet little cunt as she
gave her lesson. Lucy loved the feel and taste of the man's cock. She was so
happy that she'd been caught. Lucy slurped all around the hot cock as her mother
encouraged her. Everyone chuckled at the cooing sounds the little girl made as
she licked the cock and her mother finger-fucked her pussy. Lucy glanced over at
her leering mother and winked.

"Enough of this teasing shit, pig-cunt. I'm ready to fuck your daughter's
fuckhole." Carl looked down at Lucy as the other men crowded around for a better
look. "Well little Lucy-cunt...Are you ready for some meat?...Is the baby-slut
ready for some cum?" Carl asked as he spit in her young face. The man's spittle
on her face caused Lucy to jerk. It also caused a small orgasm in her tiny body
and she nodded, opening her mouth wider. Her mother laughed at the way Lucy said
"Yes Sir" in her little-girl voice. Lucy's mother looked up at Carl grinning as
she said

"Do it again Carl...My little cunt-bitch daughter liked you spitting in her
face!...Look!...See how she's holding her mouth open? Hmmm...I think I want to
spit in her face too!"

Lucy held her mouth open as her mother leaned over and spit in her mouth. Carl
laughed at the way Lucy shuddered. He leaned over and spit between her eyes...
He was still laughing at the way little Lucy tried to scoop the spit into her
mouth with her tongue as he crammed his cock into the little slut's mouth.
Lucy's eyes went wide and she mewled at her first taste of cock.

"DO IT CARL! FUCK MY LITTLE GIRLS MOUTH!...Yeah!...That's it...Ha Ha
Ha....Lucy-cunt LIKES it, Don't you little bitch...Yeah choke my little
bitch-daughter...Oh! This is going to be so much fun!...That's it
Lucy-cunt...Openyour throat so Carl can fuck it...Yeah, Like that...That's a
GOOD littleslut!...Fuck my daughter's throat Carl...Make my little cunt of a
daughter take it...Here I'll hold her head still...Now slam it to the slut!...Ha
Ha Ha...YEAH! LIKE THAT!...Ha Ha Ha...This is GREAT! Fuck my little girl's
mouth...FUCK IT!...Use my baby's mouth for a cunt just like you do mine...Isn't
this FUN little Lucy-cunt?...Does my little slut daughter love the way mommy
holds your head for the nice cock?...Carl lets see if you can make my girl's
eyes water. Here... I'll cram her mouth down your cock...OK now Lucy-cunt...Open
your little fucking throat...Yeah...ummp...Yeah...huummpp...LOOK!...Lucy-cunt
can take it all...Look at my little girls throat...SEE?...WATCH!... See how it
bulges when I move her head back and forth...Oh mommy pig-cunt is SOO proud of
her daughter-slut"

Lucy struggled as her throat stretched around the huge cock. Her mother kept
slamming her head up and down on the man's leaking cock. Lucy swallowed the
delicious juice that escaped from the man's cock. One of the other men leaned
over and started pinching her tiny nipples on her flat chest. Lucy winced in
pain but she marveled how quickly the man's rough treatment of her young tits
turned to pleasure. Lucy rocked back and forth on her mother's fingers as
another orgasm shot through the little slut's body.

"LOOK EVERYBODY!!!...LUCY-CUNT IS COMING!!!...That's the way, my little
daughter-cunt...Show the men you want to be their fuck-toy." Lucy's mother
exclaimed as they watched the young slut slobber all over Carl's cock. Little
Lucy's cunt juiced even more as she listened to the crude comments of the men.

"Suck that cock, you little slut"  "I'm gonna fuck your ass, bitch!"

"SLUT!"
"CUNT!"
"Fucking little whore-dog!"
"Slobber on that cock, cunt!"

"Hey Carl, Hurry up man! Shit! I want to fuck that little slut's mouth too!"

"Choke that little slut, man"
"YEAH! Ream that cunt's throat!"

"Hey pig-cunt! Your daughter's a natural slut. Proud?"

"BITCH!"

"Daughter-slut is like Mother- slut...Only smaller..Ha, Ha" Carl started to fuck
into Lucy-cunt's mouth harder. Her mother held Lucy's head to meat the thrusts.
That wasn't enough for Carl. He grabbed Lucy's long shiny, blonde pigtails and
used them to jerk her head even faster. Lucy's mother looked up at Carl with a
twinkle in her eye.

"Yeah Carl. Fuck my slut daughter's mouth HARD!"she screamed.

"TAKE...IT...YOU...FUCKING...CUNT!...I'M ABOUT...TO...CUM!" Carl rasped. Lucy
mouth stayed stretched in a perfect 'O', forming a cunt for the man. Tears were
trickling down her pretty cheeks, both from the mouth fucking and the harsh
treatment the other man gave her nipples. Lucy swallowed the tangy juice that
leaked from the man's cock, but now there was so much the little girl had to
gulp it down. Suddenly, another orgasm ran through her tender body and her pussy
gripped her mother's fingers like a hand. Saliva leaked from Lucy's mouth
forming a long wet rope that dangled and swayed from her chin. Everything else
in the world seemed distant as the little slut concentrated on all of the
sensations that electrified her body, As Lucy's orgasm faded she heard her
mother speaking in her ear.

"That's the way, little Lucy-cunt...Breathe through your nose...Carl is about to
cum...Keep it all in your mouth...Always keep men's cum in your mouth, unless
you're told different...Let the man shoot his cum straight down your
throat...That's my little girl...Get ready!" 

Suddenly Carl grunted.

"Aaaarrrggg...Fucking cunt...Take my cum bitch...Uuggh...Little slut-whore!"

Lucy's eyes went wide as the first jet of Carl's cum shot straight down the
center of her throat. The next squirt bounced of the roof of the young girl's
mouth and coated her tonsils. Then several thick wads of cum landing on her
tongue as Carl and her mother fucked her head back and forth on her first cock.
That was when Lucy got her first taste of fresh cum.

"MMmmmnn" Lucy mewled. IT WAS DELICIOUS! Lucy franticly rolled cum around inside
her mouth marveling and the hick, wonderful sauce. Lucy formed a vacuum around
the cock ad he tongue licked the underside of the pistoning cock instinctively.
Too soon the man's cock quit spurting, but Lucy kept licking and sucking hoping
the nice man would give her more. Carl laughed and used her hair to roll her
head around as he slowly fucked Lucy's mouth. The young slut made little mewling
sounds of gratitude even when her mother's fingers slipped from her pussy. One
of the other men grabbed her mother's head and started fucking her mouth. Carl
tired of the game and jerked his cock from little Lucy's mouth.

With her mouth still in a perfect 'O' Lucy looked up at Carl in shock. 'Why did
he take his wonderful cock from me' Lucy wondered. Carl snickered as he pulled
Lucy closer to him. Lucy looked back at his softening cock thinking he was going
to give it back to her. Instead, Carl cleared his sinuses and spit in the 'O' of
her mouth. On instinct, Lucy swallowed. And came. Carl slung her head down and
kicked little Lucy in her slick cunt. Again Lucy came. Even at her young age,
she knew spit and kicks shouldn't make her cum. But they did. As Lucy's eyes
focused from the double orgasm she saw a man fucking her mother's mouth. As Lucy
leaned closer to her mother, she took one of her mother's huge tits in her hands
and squeezed.

"OOHH MOMMY!...That was great!...I love to have my throat fucked!...Uuuhmm...
And cum is SOOO GOOOD Mommy!...Can I have some more?...Please?...Mommy?...Can I
have the cock?...Please?...I need to practice to be a good cocksucker,
right?...Please let the man fuck my mouth...You get lots of cocks mommy, let me
have some, too...Please?...Mommy?" Lucy whined as she kneaded her mother's huge
tit. 

Lucy-cunt licked her mother's cheek as she watched the cock slide in and out of
her mother's grunting mouth. But it was useless. Lucy could see her mother
needed the cock as bad as she did.  She knew her mother wouldn't share this
cock. Lucy let go of her mother's tit and looked at the man who had twisted her
tiny nipples.  Lucy smiled at the fat ugly man.

"Thank you for twisting my nipples. That was very nice...Maybe someday I'll have
big tits like Mommy...I know you've already been real nice to me, but you know I
want to be a slut like Mommy. Mommy wants me to be a cunt too, but she's
busy...If you don't mind...uh...could I suck your cock?... Please...You can fuck
my mouth real hard...I think I'd like that!...So...Can I?" Lucy asked the
leering man.

He laughed and looked at his friend. 

"How would you like two cocks, little slut?...HHMMmmm...Would the little cunt
like to try two? It's twice the fun and twice the cum."the fat man said. Lucy
looked from one man to the next.

 "I can do that?...Really?...Can I?...Can I suck both of you cocks?...Oh
Boy!...That sounds like FUN!"

The other man looked at Lucy with a scowl on his face. He grabbed Lucy's hair
and pulled her toward him. "Come here, cunt!...Little fucking slut is going to
learn the right way...Right bitch?"

Lucy answered the man with an excited "YES SIR! Teach me how to be a good slut."
He grabbed Lucy's hair and jerked her head toward his cock. Lucy's stared at the
man's cock as her head was pulled. She noticed his cock was a little smaller
than the first man who fucked her mouth was. She also noticed the skin around
his cock almost covered the whole head of it. Lucy's mouth opened as his cock
got nearer. She caught a whiff of a cheesy odor as the cock speared her lips.
Lucy-cunt hollowed her cheeks and lavished her soft, wet tongue all over the
man's slimy cock as he fucked her mouth. The taste of cock drove the young slut
wild as she began to moan around the mouthful of cock.

"Suck it, pig!...Hey Mike!...Come on man...Lets double fuck this little
baby-slut's mouth." The man with the cheesy cock snorted. Mike the fat man stood
by the cock slurping little girl. He chuckled as grabbed her ear and pulled on
it to move her head to his cock. When Lucy saw it, she immediately started
sucking it as wetly as she could. Even over the loud slurping sounds Lucy and
her mother were making, Lucy's little cunt thrilled at the nasty names, she and
her mother were called.

"Suck it up , pig cunt! What kind of stupid slut teaches her daughter to be a
cunt."

"Hey! Let's bring this little cunt to the party later...Let see how much she can
take."

" I want to do everything to this little bitch!...You know what I mean? Ha...
Ha... Ha"

"Fucking bitch"

Carl removed his belt and started whipping the mother and daughter sluts. He
whipped their backs and sides. He whipped their tits and legs. But when he
whipped Lucy-cunt's pussy, the little girl went wild.  Lucy pulled her mouth off
of the cock she was sucking and shouted as she came.

"MOMMY!!..Carl is spanking my little cunt...Oohh Mommy...It's making me cum...
Look Mommy!...See your little girl cum from getting her pussy spanked... Does
that mean I'm a slut?...Am I a slut yet?" Lucy stared at the two cocks inches
from her face. Suddenly, both of them erupted thick, hot cum. The men chuckled
as their jizz splattered the little girl in the middle of her face.

"Oh Mommy look! The men are cumming in my face...Oh!...It feels so GOOD!...
HURRY MOMMY...LOOK!...Watch them splatter my face!" Lucy heard her mother start
to gurgle. Lucy moaned and kept her mouth open as the two laughing men sprayed
her face as Carl whipped her cunt. Cum splattered on her forehead and slowly
rolled into her eyebrows. Her cheeks were coated in the tart slime. When she
opened her mouth, her teeth were webbed together with sperm. Lucy came so hard
that she blacked out.  When Lucy came to her mother had her mouth planted on
Lucy's. Lucy's eyes went wide as her mother pushed cum into the young girl's
mouth.  Lucy used her tongue like a snake as she worked cum down into her
stomach. Lucy moaned into her mother's mouth as she stuck three fingers into her
mother's wet, gaping cunt. Mommy wiggled her ass and pulled her tongue out of
her daughter's mouth. She lapped up more cum off of her daughter's face and
cooed as she stuck her tongue in her daughter's mouth, feeding more cum to her.

"Mommy....Mommy...Cum is Sooo Goood!...I want some more. Can I have some
more?...MMmmmmmm...Thank you, Mommy!" Lucy said as her mother pushed cum into
Lucy's mouth. Carl grabbed the mother and daughter sluts and pulled them out of
the bathroom.

"Come on you fucking sluts...Get you fucking asses in here...Max...Bill...Help
me motivate these whores" Carl said as he dragged them into the bedroom. Max and
Bill helped by kicking the mother-slut and her young daughter.

"Mommy...They're kicking me!...Is that OK?...Are they supposed to hurt me Mommy?
Lucy asked as she was kicked and dragged beside her mother. Max had slid his
boot so that it Lucy's young, hairless pussy rested on the top of his boot. He
then would lift up Lucy by her pussy to move her along. Lucy didn't know why,
but her pussy seemed to get even wetter as he did it. Lucy stopped wondering why
her pussy was juicing when her mother spoke to her.

"Yes, Lucy darling...It's OK...We're bitch-cunts...Sluts like us are supposed to
be kicked...Tell the truth...Lucy-slut's cunt is getting wetter...Right?...I
knew it would...See..Cunt's like us are supposed to be hurt...I love it when
they hurt me and you will too!...So, let them hurt you any way they
want...That's what we're here for...OK?" Lucy glanced at her mother. The man,
Bill, was kicking her mother hard in her cunt. Lucy saw the dreamy look in her
mother's eyes and knew it was all right.

"OK Mommy...I'll let the nice men hurt me anyway they want...I want to be as
good of a slut as you are Mommy" Lucy said. Lucy looked at Carl and said, "Pull
my hair harder...Hurt me like you do my Mommy...I want to be a good
bitch-cunt...Turn me into a good slut like Mommy...OK?...Mr. Max?...Would you
kick my little pussy harder?...Please?...Treat me like a good little
slut!...OK?...Oooohhhh!!!!...M..M..Mommy!...I think I came!...It made me cum
when Mr. Max kicked my cunt!...Ooohhh...You're right Mommy...It does feel good
when they hurt me....Oh!...Do it again Mr. Max...Kick my little pussy again!"
Max was glad to.

Carl threw Lucy's mother onto the bed. Lucy was doubled over the foot of the bed
looking at her mother's dripping cunt. Carl grabbed Lucy's head and pushed her
forward. Carl looked at Max and said, "Want to fuck this bitch?" Max just
laughed and got behind Lucy.

"I haven't had any virgin ass in forever!...This is going to be fucking
GREAT!...Spread those little legs, you fucking baby-whore...Time for your first
ass-fuck!" Max snarled. Lucy's mother laughed as she spoke. As Max prepared to
fuck the little girl's ass, the other three men pulled up chairs to watch the
little girl's rape.

"DO IT!!! Fuck my little girl's ass...Oh yeah Max...Cram your cock up my
daughter's slutty ass and fuck her in the dirt...You'll like it Lucy-cunt... Men
will want to fuck your ass a lot...They like fucking whores like us in the
ass...And that's good...Sluts like us need our asses fucked a lot. 
Now...Lucy-cunt...When he shoves his cock in your little ass, you star fucking
him back...OK?...Make Mommy proud, little slut...OK" Lucy looked up at her
mother as Max spread her ass cheeks and rubbed his big cock up and down her
crack.

"I will Mommy...I'll let him fuck my little ass...I want to be a good little
whore...I promise I'll fuck him back...Go on Mr. Max...Cram my little ass...Show
Mommy I can be a good pig, too!...Fuck me like a little bitch should be...Watch
Mommy!...He's sticking his cock in my little ass...Are you watching mommy?...Do
you see me being a little slut?...OOOoohhh...He's got his cock in my ass
Mommy!...Ooohhh Mommy!...Mommy! It HURTS!!!...TAKE IT OUT!!!
PLEASE!...PLEASE!....MOMMY IT HURTS!!!...Oh Mommy...H...H...He's fucking me
Mommy!...Mommy!...HE IS FUCKING MY LITTLE ASS!!!...Uuggghh...Oh Mommy!...It IS
good!...Fuck my ass Mr. Max...Fuck my ass harder...Mommy!...Get him to fuck my
ass harder...Please?...Make him fuck my little slut ass harder Mommy...Oohh
Mommy...Are you proud of me?...Am I being a good little bitch-whore?...Am I
Mommy?...Am I?"

Lucy moaned and bounced her head on the bed.  Max groaned. "Yeah slut...Take my
cum up you fucking ass...Nasty little slut!...Uugghh!"

Lucy's mother laughed.

"Ha Ha Ha...Do it!...Cum in my little girls ass...Use my baby for your
fuck-toy...Empty those balls in her virgin ass...Oohhh1...My baby is going to be
such a GOOD little whore."

Lucy's young cunt creamed as Max came in her ass. "Mommy!...He's doing it! 
...He's coming in my ass Mommy...Ooohhh!...I can feel it!...Mommy!...I can feel
every squirt...Oohh...It's Ssooo Gooooodd!...Uugghh...Don't stop coming!...Keep
coming in my fucking little-slut ass!...Mommy!...Make him keep coming in my
ass...Please don't let him stop...I LOVE it...Ugghh...Am I a slut now, Mommy?...
Am I?...Oohh Mommy! I'm cumming now!...ooooohhhhh...."

Lucy's world went black. In the distance she could hear her laughing mother
calling her names. She felt Max slid his spent cock from her ass. She heard the
men deciding who would fuck her next. Lucy didn't care who fucked her next.  She
just wanted fucked. She needed fucked. She loved it. 

"Hey Jim. You want to fuck this slut next?" Max asked. He looked at Lucy's
mother who was jamming fingers into her own cunt and asked her, "Is that OK with
you?...Do you want Jim to fuck your daughter next?"

"That would be fantastic!...Jim...Shove that big cock of yours into one of my
daughter's fuck-holes...Just cram it in...Show her how slut's are to be fucked!"
Lucy's mother laughed as she grabbed Lucy's hair and raised her head. She looked
at her little girl for a moment until Lucy's eyes focused.

"Do you like this? Is this what you want, Lucy?...Do you still want to be a slut
like me?...Do you want Jim to fuck you next?" she asked.  Lucy smiled at her
mother.

"Oh Yes, Mommy!...Yes to everything...Yes, I want to be a slut like you!...Yes!
I live being fucked and hurt!...Yes!. I want Mr. Jim to fuck me! She exclaimed.
Lucy looked over at the leering Jim. "Please Sir!...Would you fuck me?...Would
you fuck me so my Mommy can see me being a slut? You can fuck me real hard, like
you fuck Mommy!" Lucy told Jim and she started wiggling her young, tight ass.

Lucy's eyes went wide as she looked at Jim's cock for the first time. It was
gigantic. It was a good 14 inches long and bigger than Lucy's arm was. 

"Oohh!...Mr. Jim! Your cock is so BIG!...Are you going to fuck me with it?" Lucy
asked. She looked at her leering mother and asked, "Mommy!...Look how big his
cock is!...Will that fit in me?" Lucy's mother continued to fuck her fingers
into her cunt and answered her daughter.  "Ha...Ha...Ha...Don't be silly,
Lucy-cunt! Of course it will fit...He'll have to stretch you some, but that's
OK...Sluts have to be able to stretch their cunts REAL wide...Ha...Ha...Ha,
you'll find out!" she told her daughter.

Lucy steeled herself for the assault of the giant cock. Lucy was worried if it
would fit or not. She wiped that thought with a shake of her pretty head. If
Mommy said it was Ok, then it was OK. Jim slapped Lucy's little ass.

"Are you ready, little whore? Are you ready for some REAL cock?...Hold
still..Hey, Is this little cunt going to make a lot of noise when I cram her
ass?" Jim asked. As Lucy stood there trembling, her mother had the answer.

"I'll keep Lucy-cunt from making too much noise...Come here little
daughter-slut...This is something else cunts have to do...Mommy has a surprise
for her little whore!" Lucy's mother said as she grabbed her daughter's blonde
pigtails and pulled. Lucy's mother dragged her daughter's head to her sopping
cunt.

"Eat Mommy's cunt. Little bitch... Stick your tongue in my fucking cunt. If
Lucy-cunt digs in deep, she'll find some cum...It's old cum, but cum is cum. Dig
in bitch" Lucy's mother smashed her head into her cunt. Lucy slipped her tongue
from her lips and tasted her mother's cunt. Lucy remembered hoe good her fingers
tasted when she had pulled them from her mother's cunt earlier. Besides, Mommy
said there was some cum in her cunt. She just had to dig it out. Jim spread
Lucy's ass cheeks as Lucy licked her mother's wet cunt. Jim cackled as he rubbed
the head of his huge cock on the young girl's asshole. Lucy raised her head from
her mother's cunt. 

"Mommy!...Your cunt tastes GOOD!...This is fun! Can I eat your cunt all of the
time...yummy...I want to eat your cunt a lot! Mr. Jim?...Are you ready to fuck
my ass?...I'll be POK. Mommy says it will fit. So go ahead...This is going to be
FUN!...Eating Mommy's cunt while you fuck me...Oh Mommy!...Thank you for
teaching me to be a pig-slut...I love it...Oh Mommy!...Mr. Jim is teasing
me!...He's just rubbing his cock around. He's not fucking me... Mommy?...Will
you get him to fuck me?...Please...I want him to fuck me while I eat your
cunt...OK?...Make him fuck me Mommy!...Uummmppphhh!" Lucy said as she lowered
her head and drilled her tongue up her mother's dripping cunt.

"YEAH!!!...Eat my fucking cunt, little Lucy-cunt!...Don't worry, bitch!  Mommy
will let you eat her cunt all of the time...The only time pig-whores like us get
their cunt licked is by another pig-cunt. Men don't eat slut's cunts....Ooohhh
Yeah, baby...That's it...Oohhh, you're a natural cunt-licker, Lucy-cunt." Mommie
rubbed little Lucy's face all around her cunt. Lucy's mother gyrated her hips
looking from one man to the next. All of the men were grinning evilly at the
display before them.  Finally, Mommy looked at Jim who was laughing as he moved
his cock up and down Lucy's ass-crack.

"Uuhhmmm....Jim...Go ahead!...Lucy-cunt can't scream now! Ha, Ha, Ha!...Not with
her face buried in her mother's cunt!...Fuck my little slut-girl! Tear up my
daughter-slut's fucking ass!... Show her what happens to pig-cunts...Deeper
Lucy-cunt!...Lick Mommy's cunt deeper!. That's the way,
slut...Uuuhhhmmm...You're eating Mommy's cunt SOOoo GOOD!...Fuck her,
Jim!...Fuck my little girl. Make my slut of a daughter howl into my cunt!...So
GOOD!... Oohh, I'm cumming!...EAT IT, LUCY!!!...MOMMY'S CUMMING!!!"

Lucy's mother screamed as she came. She grabbed Little Lucy's head, smashing her
chin against her cunt. Lucy lapped frantically at her mother's cunt. Lucy
savored the pungent flavor of her mother's cumming cunt. Lucy loved the way her
mother's cunt seemed to grip her tongue. Jim laughed as he lunged forward. His
huge cock speared Lucy's virgin ass in one hard thrust. Lucy groaned into her
mother's cunt but stilled wiggled her ass as Jim pounded away. Luc's mother
laughed at the way Lucy's groans vibrated against her clit. Lucy's mother pulled
her head tighter against her cunt.

"Fucking little slut...Like...That?...Huh?...You like...getting your...ass
fucked?... Sure ...you...do...little bitch...what's wrong cunt?....Your momma's
cunt got your tongue?...Ha...ha...fuckin' whore...That's it little
pig-slut...Eat...Eat your mother's nasty cunt, you fucking little
slut-bitch!...Hey!...Mommy-slut!... What are you trying to do?...Shove your
little girl's head UP your fucking snatch?...Is that what you're trying to do!
Ha, Ha...Fucking...sluts... You fucking crazy bitch!...Think you'll get 'Mother
Of The Year' now?... Fucking whore!" Jim shouted as he fucked her young, tight
ass.

"Fuck her Jim"
"Stupid fuck-meat LIKES getting her ass pounded!"   

  "Slam fuck the little bitch-whore,man"
  "Harder...Fuck the whore!"

  "Hey!...Lucy-cunt! Fucking cumrag...Eat your mother's whore-cunt, you fucking
slut"               


 "Eat our cum out of your mother's fucking cunt, you bitch"
 "Cum pig!"

 "Dump your cum Jim...Do it man....I want to fuck the slut's ass into the dirt
next!"    

The men shouted as they laughed at the mother and daughter sluts. Lucy came,
jerking her mouth from her mother's cunt. 

"Oh Mommy...SO GOOD!...Fuck my ass...HARDER!...PLEASE!!!...Oh mommy I love to
get ass-fucked...Make him fuck me harder mommy!....Make him...Please
mommy!...Oohhh...fuck my little ass off!...Mommy!...Make him fuck me!" Lucy
screamed just before her mother forced her head back to her cunt.

Suddenly Jim grabbed Lucy's pigtails like the handlebars of a bicycle and jerked
he head back hard. He used her long blonde pigtails to force her back onto huge
cock. Jim screamed, "TAKE IT!!!...FUCKING LITTLE SLUT!!!...TAKE MY CUM YOU
CUNT!!!...Aarrrgggh..." Lucy orgasmed as she felt the man's cock swell and fire
his hot, thick cum into her ass.

"MOMMY!!!...He's coming!...He's cumming in my ass...My little slut-ass!!!...Fuck
me! Oohhh...It feels so GOOD...PLEASE!!! Make him keep cumming,
mommy...PLEASE!...uugghh...Cum in my little ass!...PLEASE!...Make me your
cunt...Turn me into a slu..."

Lucy's pleading turned into slurps as Jim pushed her head back into her mother's
sopping wet cunt.

"Ha,ha,ha...YES!...Cum in my daughters little whore-ass...FUCK
HER!...Mmmmm...Cum in the little BITCH! Ooohhh...uughh..."

Lucy's mother cackled as she started to cum again.

"Goddamn fucking SLUT!" Jim said as he pulled his cock from Lucy's ass. Lucy
moaned at the loss of the cock fucking her and wiggled her ass hoping one of the
other men wanted to fuck her. Bob came to her rescue. He fucked his cock
brutally up her ass in a single thrust and pounded away. Lucy and her mother
both moaned. Lucy because of the new cock...Lucy's mother because of the way
Lucy's nose bounced off of her clit with every thrust of Jim's cock.

It was all too much for the little girl. Everything went black as Lucy passed
out. She didn't know how long she was out. She didn't know how many times she
was fucked. But she dreamed. She dreamed of men...of cocks... of cum. She was
dreaming she was a bitch-dog in heat and a pack of dogs were about to fuck her.
One of the dogs was licking her dog-cunt and ass. She was started to cum from
the dog's licking and slurping. Slowly her dream faded into reality as her eyes
fluttered open. The room slowly came into focus. She saw the men dressing.

"Noooo!!!!" Lucy wailed. "Don't leave!...STAY!!!...PLEASE!!!...I want to get
fucked some more!...PLEASE!...FUCK ME!!!...Nnnooo...Want me to suck your cocks?I
will! I'll suck your cocks so GOOD!!!...Please stay and fuck the slut some more!
Don't you like me?...I'll try to do better...I promise!...Fuck me and I'll be a
really good fucktoy!...You'll see!...Don't leave!...PLEASE!!!...Fuck me some
more...Mommy!!! Please make them fuck me some more...Please?"

Lucy started to cry as the men just laughed and left with out a single word.
Through her tears she began to think maybe she was still dreaming. She could
still feel the dog licking her ass and cunt. As her body shook with sobs she
looked down. She was awake.Her ass and cunt were being licked. Lucy's sobs
became moans of lust as she wiggled her ass on her mother's face. Lucy's mother
had her tongue stuck as far up her ass as it would go. Lucy shuddered as her
mother scooped cum from her ass and ate it. As Lucy started to cum again she
grabbed her small tits and started to twist her nipples roughly. As the pain
from her nipples seem to shoot to her little clit she came hard.

"Ohhh, MOMMY!!!...That was ssooo goood...Mmmmm....What's next?" She asked. 
Lucy's mother just swallowed and laughed into her daughter's cum-dripping
asshole. Lucy suddenly fell asleep as her mother buried her tongue deeper into
the little girl's ass.




The Creation Of  Cumbag
Chapter 2
By Steve Dema





Lucy woke up sputtering. She struggled to breathe as her eyes focused on her
mother's pissing cunt that was three inches from her face.

"Good morning my little piss-whore...my little daughter-toilet...Rise and shine
little Lucy-slut...Mmmm...Drink mommy's piss like a good little bitch!...
Uuhhmm...This is FUN!...I love waking my little cunt-daughter by pissing in her
fucking face!...OOOohhh!...Mommy is going to wake little Lucy-cunt like this
EVERY fucking morning...Would Lucy-cunt like that?...Of course the little slut
would. Guzzle it down BITCH!...Drink all of mommy's piss like a good
daughter...A good little slut-daughter that is...That's a GOOD bitch!...Such a
good little piss-slut!...Ha...ha...ha!" Lucy's mother said with an evil laugh.

Lucy gulped down her mother's piss with gusto. Every time she would open her
mouth for another load of piss she would lick her mother's cunt. Lucy's mother
would chuckle every time little Lucy did it. Soon her mother's piss flow slowed
to a trickle. Lucy's mother grunted, sending her last spurt of piss into her
daughter's open eyes. Lucy blinked her eyes rapidly but kept lapping at her
mother's wet cunt.  Lucy's mother slid her hand down her daughter's firm, young
body until she found her sopping wet little cunt. Lucy felt her mother slid two
fingers into her cunt. Little Lucy moaned into her mother's cunt and raised her
hips to give her mother better access to her young cunt. 

"Oh...Does little Lucy-slut like her mommy finger-fucking her little cunt? 
...Her little slut-cunt?...Does she?...Mmmmmm...Mommy thinks Lucy is a fucking
little slut!....uuhhmm...That's the way to eat a whore's cunt, Lucy...mmmmm...
yeah...Like that...you little cunt-whore...Little Lucy-slut LIKES being her
mother's little cunt-sucking-slut....hhmmm...Lick mother's clit, bitch... You're
such a nasty little slut to eat her mother's cunt...Aren't you...Can Lucy-cunt
taste the cum those men dumped in her slut-mother's nasty cunt?...Ooohh...I bet
my little slut-daughter can...Eat all of the cum out of Mommy's cunt...Stick
your tongue as far in Mommy's slut-cunt as you can... Uuhhmmm...You fucking
WHORE!...Ooohhh...Your little slut-pussy is SSOooo wet!  Nasty BITCH!...That's
right...Fuck your mother's fingers you little cunt... Show Mommy how horny her
little piss-whore-daughter is this morning.  Fuck your little cunt back on
Mommy's fingers...Yeah...Like that little slut?...Oohhh!...Uughgh...Don't stop
bitch!....uughhtth...Mommy's going to cum.I hope I squirt cunt-juice this
time...Uuhgg...Lucy-slut...Bitch!...uughh...keep your...fucking eyes
open...Mommy is going...to try...uughh...to...squirt hot cunt-juice in your
fucking eyes... uughh...keepthem...ooohhh...open...bitch...SLUT!...Here
it...comes.....Aaahhhh...YESSS!!!!!.....UUGGHH....oooohh...Did that sting...your
pretty eyes?... oohhh...I liked that!...Mmmmmm." 

Lucy's mother gasped and thrashed about as her orgasm took complete control over
her. She was grinning when she saw her cunt-juice squirt out like cum from a
cock and hit her daughter in both eyes. Lucy eyes fluttered but she continued to
slowly lap at her mother's cunt. Lucy gasped and rolled her hips as she was
finger-fucked. Lucy's mother flicked her thumb on little Lucy's clit causing her
to groan into Mommy's cunt.

"Oohhh Mommy!...I love the way you're finger-fucking my cunt. Mmmmm...Mommy? 
...I want you to wake me up be pissing in my face every morning. That's the
right way to wake up a little cunt like me...Don't you think?  ....Uuhhmmm...I
like being a piss-whore...I love you Mommy...Can I be your toilet? I want to. I
want you to piss on me ANY time you want to...I think piss is better than
Kool-Aid...Does your cunt squirt like that every time you cum? That was FUN!...I
mean it burned my eyes and all, but I didn't mind. Would you squirt your
cunt-juice in my face again sometime?....uuughh...Thank you Mommy for showing me
how to be a good fuck-toy. Will you get some more men to rape me?...I loved the
men raping me last night. Will they come back and rape me some more?...I hope
so...I hope they bring more men next time. I want to get raped until I pass
out...and then I want the men to rape my little fuck-holes even when I'm
asleep....ooohhh...Yes Mommy....Finger-fuck your little slut-daughter...
uuhhh....Finger-rape your little piss-whore....uughh....Can I watch you get
raped by a bunch of cocks...and them fill your ass up with cum?...I want eat a
lot of cum out of your ass Mommy!...Just like you did me...Mommy?...Can I eat
your ass?...Now?...Please?...Will you turn me into your ass-licking
slut?...Thhhhaannnkk tthhhuu..."

Lucy mumbled when her mother slid forward.  Lucy buried her tongue deep into her
mother's ass and lapped away. Lucy's mother ground her ass in Lucy's face and
moaned. 

"Uuughh...Mmmmm...Little slut!...ooohhh....Don't worry, baby-bitch...Mommy will
get lots of men to rape you...I'll let everybody fuck my little girl. You'll be
anybody's fuck-meat...everybody's rape-toy...Yes...Eat Mommy's ass you fucking
cunt...Cum for Mommy Lucy-slut...Cum on Mommy's fingers while you're eating
Mommy's fucking ass...Ooohhh...You nasty little slut...I'm going to love turning
you into just a piece of fuck-meat...Lucy is going to LOVE being a
cum-dump...Mommy can tell...You were born just for fucking...Born to be a
cum-lut...Mommy is going to turn her little girl into a walking
rubber...Oohhh...Just a walking cum-bag...UUuhHMMMmm...I'm CUMMUNG!...My
CUNT!...EAT MOMMY'S CUNT!...HURRY SLUT!!!...HURRY...Aaarrgghh...Mmmmmmm..."

Lucy came with her mother. Soon their orgasms passed and Lucy looked at the
clock and jumped up.

"MOMMY!!!...Look what time it is!...I have to get ready for school!...uh...
unless...uh...unless you'll let me stay home today? Can I? Can I stay home and
eat your cunt and ass all day...Can I stay home in case you have to
piss?...Remember I'm your piss-whore now! Right?...If you let me stay home from
school you could call some men to come over...Want to watch them rape me?...Want
to watch your little slut-daughter get fucked all day?... Getting raped by your
friends is a lot more fun than school...Can I?...You said you'll turn me into a
cum-bag...Remember?...Please?...I'll be a good slut, Mommy...I promise!" Lucy
said in her little girl voice. 

Lucy's mother ran her fingers in Lucy's hair and grinned at her smiling
daughter.

"Yes...My little slut can stay home today...In fact...You don't have to go back
to school...EVER!...Would Lucy-cunt like that?...Ha...ha...ha...See cumsluts
like us only have to know how to be good cunts. We don't need to know math, or
English or any of that other shit. All we have to know is how to be good whores.
I'll teach you that. We are going to do home-schooling, you might say." She said
with a chuckle.

"Oh THANK YOU MOMMY!...I love you...You're the best mommy in the whole world. I
can't wait to start my slut lessons...I'll work real hard mommy!... I'll be the
best little cunt EVER!...I'm going to love getting raped all the time! Will you
get me a lot of really nasty men who'll help me be a good whore? Men who know
how to really use a piece of fuck-meat like me?  ...Men who want to do nasty,
nasty things to your little girl? You'll watch, won't you?...I want you to see
everything the men do to me, Mommy!... But...How will I get a job later...You
know, when I'm all grown-up?" Lucy asked
.
"Don't worry, my little whore. You won't need a job. Someone will give you all
that you need. I need to tell you this...I belong to Carl...He owns me...I'm his
pig-cunt. He bought me from that other man that was here all the time...Remember
him?...Well, that doesn't matter. What does matter is... Well...When I'm
finished teaching you how to be a good pig-cunt like me... I'll sell you to
someone...Then you'll belong to them. You'll have to do everything they tell
you. And they can do anything to you that they want to...And when they bet bored
with you, they'll sell you to someone else. But you will never have to worry
about a house, or bills, or clothes or anything like that...Be a good fuck-toy
and they'll take care of you...Understand?" she explained. 

A frown crossed Lucy's face and she looked back at her mother.

"Your going to sell me?...But I want to stay with you mommy? I want to be your
little slut forever." Lucy was still frowning.

"Ha ha ha...Oh you little slut...Your going to be with me for quite a
while...After you're the only one I can get to eat my cunt and ass...No one else
will because my fuck-holes are usually packed with cum. Plus, I'm not going to
go back to pissing in a toilet again. Not with my daughter being such a good
piss-whore....Don't worry Lucy-cunt, we'll talk about it some more sometime. But
I promise you, when it comes time to sell you, you'll want it too...I promise!"

With that she leaned over and grabbed both of her daughter's nipples. The
worrisome look on Lucy's face was replaced by a look of lust as her mother
crushed her nipples between her fingers. Lucy moaned, closed her eyes and began
to finger her cunt again. Lucy's mother laughed as the lust took her daughter
over. She leaned over and spit in little Lucy's face. Lucy's eyes flew open
.
"Oh Mommy...Do that again...Spit on me! Hurt my little titties, Mommy...
Uugghh...Treat me like a pig-cunt, Mommy!"

Lucy was thrown back onto the bed.

"Stay right there my little bitch...I have a surprise for my little cunt
daughter." Her mother said with a wicked laugh as she left her prone daughter.
Lucy remained still until her mother returned with several lengths of rope.
Little Lucy trembled with anticipation as her mother began to tie her. She
smiled into her mother's face as her left wrist was tied to the headboard of the
bed. While she tied Lucy to the bed she spoke to her daughter.

"Lucy-cunt. Its time for more of your pig-cunt lessons...A lot of men like to
tie sluts like us down so they can do lots of nasty things to us without us
moving around...Mommy's little whore does want men to do lots of nasty things to
it...Doesn't it?...So...Anytime a man wants to tie you up, you let
him...OK?...Hhhmmm...Mommy's little cunt-daughter looks so sexy tied like
this...This is the way men tie me up the most." Pig-cunt said.

Lucy's mother stepped back and admired her handi-work. Lucy's hands were tied to
rings on the headboard. Each of her legs was spread wide with her ankles tied to
rings at the top of the headboard. The ropes to her ankles were pulled so tight
that her young, tight ass was completely off of the bed. Lucy's cunt began to
leak a steady stream of cunt-juice that ran down the crack of her ass, staining
the sheet below it. Lucy's mother left her bound daughter as Lucy spoke. 

"Do I look like a hot little slut tied like this Mommy?...Will men want to fuck
me hard when they see me like this?...Oh I hope so Mommy...I want to look so hot
that men can't wait to rape me!...Are you going to do some really nasty things
to me Mommy?...Please?...Come back and use your little daughter-slut. Use me for
a nasty little fuck-toy, Mommy" Lucy cried out to her mother.

Lucy's mother returned with a grin and a bottle of baby oil. Lucy's eyes locked
on her mother's huge swaying tits and the sexy way her mother wiggled her ass
with every step. Lucy's mother sat on the bed by her daughters bound ass and
shoved the baby oil bottled roughly in her daughter's cunt. Lucy grunted at the
sudden intrusion into her young cunt but soon her grunts became moans of lust as
her mother filled her cunt with the oil.

"OK Lucy-slut...One of the things men like to do to sluts like us is to
fist-fuck us...Does my little slut whore daughter know what that
is?...No?...Well that is when someone wants to put their entire hand up your
little slutty cunt!...So whenever some one wants to fist-fuck you, you just grab
your ankles and pull you feet over your face. Be sure and make it easy on the
man who is fist-fucking you. That is always the most important thing...To always
make things as easy as you can for the men who want to fuck you...What ever way
they want to fuck you...Your comfort doesn't matter at all...You are just a
piece of fuck-meat. That's all!...Now...Since mommy loves her little bitch I'm
going to fist-fuck you first. This way I can stretch your cunt out nice and
wide. Later Mommy will teach you some cunt exercises so your cunt will still be
tight enough for it to be a good fuck...OK?...Is Lucy-cunt ready for Mommy to
fist her?" Lucy's mother didn't wait for an answer. She just shoved her whole
hand in Lucy's cunt with a single punch with a loud squishy sound. Lucy's mother
laughed at the way Lucy's whole body shook and the little gasping sounds Lucy
made. Lucy's cunt stretched around her mother's hand. Lucy heard her mother
laugh as shoved more of her hand into Lucy's little cunt.

"NNOOoooo!!!...MOMMY!...Take it out!...Take it out! It hurts!...AAAHHhh!!!...
MOMMY!...It won't fit!...Uugghh....Oohh...Mommy!...My cunt is too little
Mommy!... Please mommy!...I want my cunt to be a good fuck for the
men!...PLEASE!... Mommy!...The men won't want fuck my slut-cunt if its too loose
Mommy...Will they?...Pull your hand out Mommy!...Please?...Ughh...Oh... 
Oohh...Mommy!...Your hand's too big for my cunt!" Lucy screamed.  "Stop your
whining you little whore. This is for your own good!...Now... Lucy-cunt
relax...In a minute it's going to feel good. Men are going to want to fist-fuck
you a lot and their hands are a lot bigger than mine, cunt....I...just have
to...stretch your little...cunt a little more...that's all... There!...Your
little whore-cunt sure is juicing, so stop your bitching you fucking slut."
Lucy's mother said. Lucy thrashed against her ropes as her mother continued to
fist-fuck her little cunt. Lucy realized her mother wasn't going to stop. Lucy's
whines were replaced with grunts and groans as she tried to relax her cunt for
her mother. Her mother chuckled as she pushed her hand in past her wrist up her
daughter's cunt. She looked at her daughter's pale face, grinned, and spit in
her open mouth. Lucy didn't seem to notice.  Lucy's mouth was slack and her eyes
had a distant stare as her mind tried to accept the way her young cunt was
stretching around her mother's arm. Lucy's mother began to twist her hand in and
out of her daughter's tight cunt. She would twist it as she pulled her hand out
until just her fingers were in her little girl's cunt. Then she would shove her
hand back into her cunt with the twisting motion. When her hand was buried in
her daughter's cunt three or four inches past her wrist, she would twist her
hand out again. Then the whole process would repeat. With her other hand, Lucy's
mother reached across her bound daughter's body and twisted her nipples. She
would twist her daughter's nipples in rhythm with the twisting of her hand in
and out of Lucy's cunt. Lucy's mother laughed at her trembling semi-conscious
slut-daughter.

Lucy's mind was in another place. She was vaguely aware of her mother's spit
splattering against her face and in her mouth. In the distance she could her
hear mother's laughter. She didn't notice her mother's twisting of her nipples
at all. The only thing the small part of her mind that was functioning noticed
was her mother's hand in her cunt.  Lucy accepted the ravishing of her cunt.
Deep down she knew it was just part of her pig-cunt training. In fact, she no
longer was worried about the pain in her cunt. She began to wonder if her cunt
would still be tight enough for it to be a good fuck. She began to worry that
men might not want to fuck her. Suddenly everything changed for the young, bound
fuck-meat. As her mind returned she noticed her hips were rotating for her
mother's fist-fucking of her cunt. Soon the fog over her mind lifted completely
and she began to pant.

"Oohhh...Mommy...It...IS starting to feel good!...uuughh....mmmmm...ooohh...
YESsss!!!...Oohh...This is great....Mmmm...Do it Mommy...Fist-fuck my little
cunt... Fist-fuck your little whore's cunt!...GOD!...It feels so weird, Mommy.
Fist-fuck me, Mommy...Oohhh!...YES!. HARDER!...MOMMY!...Fist-fuck me harder! 
DEEPER!...MOMMY!...Can you fist-fuck me deeper?...Can you fist-fuck this little
bitch deeper?...Oohhh...Try Mommy!...Try to fist-fuck this slut of yours deeper!
Please try!...Uugghh...Oohhmmm...YES!...All the way Mommy...Fist-fuck your
little cunt-whore-bitch-slut-daughter as deep as you can!... Ooohhh that's good
Mommy...So good!...Mommy!...Your slut-daughter likes this... Oohhh...Fist-fuck
me... Mommy! Fist-fuck me!...Ooohh...HARDER!...YES!  Am I good little
fist-fuck-slut?...Am I?...Does Mommy like to fist-fuck her little girl?...FIST
THE SLUT MOMMY!!!!...OOHHhhh...Fist the slut-bitch Mommy!  FUCK!...Don't stop
Mommy!...Fist-fuck me ALL the time!....Uughh...Mommy! You said men will want to
fist-fuck me too?...Oohhh...I hope so! Lucy-cunt hopes every man that rapes it
will want to fist-fuck it too!...Will you get men to fist-fuck me?...Lots of
men?..I want you to Mommy. I want you to get lots of men that want to fist-rape
your little slut-daughter!...Oohhh MOMMY!...Fist the little pig
Mommy!...Fist-fuck your fucking slut of a pig daughter...Yeah Mommy...Twist your
hand in my fucking slut-cunt!...Oohhh...UGGhhh!...YEAH!...Like
THAT!..AGAIN!...MOMMY!...Do it like that again!...Oh Mommy...Mommy...I...I
think...I'm going to...CUUMM!!!...I'm a slut Mommy!...Fist your little slut
Mommy! MOMMY!...I'm CUMMING!...Your slut-daughter is cumming!...Ooohh...YES!!!
YES!!!...Watch your slut cum Mommy...MOMMY!!!...I'M CUMMIN....."

Lucy passed out as the biggest orgasm of her life exploded across her mind and
body. Lucy went into convulsions as she bounced off of the bed. If she wasn't
tied down, she would have bounced off of the bed. Lucy's mother was laughing as
she tried to keep fisting her daughter's spasming cunt.  Lucy's thrashings made
this impossible. Lucy's cunt seemed to expel hr mother's fist. Her mother's fist
practically flew out of Lucy's cunt. A huge glut of cunt juice poured from the
cumming slut's cunt, pooling around her ass. Little Lucy's cunt opened and
closed like the mouth of a fish out of water. More cunt juice pushed out of
Lucy's cunt every time her cunt closed. Lucy's mother looked at her hand. It was
dripping cunt slime. She slung her dripping hand toward her bound daughter's
body. She chuckled as huge drops of the slime slung off of her hand landing on
her daughter's face. Lucy's mother got off of the bed and walked to her bound
daughter's head. She grabbed a handful of her daughter's long blonde hair and
wiped Lucy's cunt cream from her hand and arm. She smiled at the blissful look
on Lucy's face and then left the room.

She returned with a pair of Lucy's white cotton panties. She dipped them into
the puddle of cunt juice that had formed below little Lucy's ass. When the
panties had soaked up all of the cunt juice, she looked down in her daughter's
smiling face...and spit. She took the dripping panties and shoved them in her
daughter's open mouth. She chuckled as Lucy instinctively began sucking them.
She watched as little Lucy would suck some cunt juice from the panties and
swallow, just like a good little cunt. She spit in her daughter's face again.
Dreams invaded little Lucy's mind and she began to unconsciously suck on the wet
panties. Dreams of men, and cocks, and humiliation and degradation. She was so
happy her mother was going to turn her into a pig-cunt. A small orgasm waved
through her young, bound sleeping body as she dreamt.  Lucy's mother smiled at
her sleeping daughter.

"Sweet dreams my little slut-daughter...Sweet dreams of cocks and cum... Mommy
will have a surprise for her little whore when she wakes up. My little
bitch-daughter will have so much fun when it wakes up...Rest my little
cunt...You'll need it, whore!" Lucy's mother giggled before spitting on her
daughter's face again.

Lucy's mother stuck her fingers in her cunt and swirled them around. She
finger-fucked herself as she walked to the telephone.




The Creation Of Cumbag
Chapter 3
By Steve Dema


"Here's the little whore...Just like I said. Are you and your boys ready to fuck
my little pig-cunt of a daughter?" Lucy's mother said waking the bound Lucy.
Lucy's eyes focused on the room as she kept sucking on her soaked panties.

Lucy recognized whom her mother was speaking to. It was Mr. Hammer from a couple
of houses down. He wasn't alone. Lucy was surprised he had his three little boys
with him. They were identical triplets.

The three boys were cute, with curly blonde hair. Lucy couldn't remember their
names. She never played with them because they were younger than she was. Lucy
had thought that only people older than her would be fucking her. The idea that
boys younger than her would be raping her made her cunt juice.

Lucy giggled to herself as she thought, 'They might be to young to play with,
but they're not to young to fuck my slut-ass.' Lucy looked back and forth from
her mother, to Mr. Hammer, and to the triplets. They all had the same look on
their faces. Lust mixed with contempt. Mr. Hammer was leering as he walked over
to little Lucy. He looked Lucy in the eye as he reached down and twisted her
left nipple hard. He looked back at Lucy's grinning mother.

"I'm so glad you guys were home...I can use the help in training my little
daughter-slut to be a good fuck-toy....You and your boys can do anything you
want to my little bitch....Anything at all...Just be rough though. The slut
needs to know how it should be treated. Carl and three of his friends fucked the
little cunt into the dirt last night... I've already turned her into my
piss-whore...Plus!...I fist-fucked her little cunt REAL good earlier...So she's
all yours...Fuck the shit out of the little whore!" Lucy's mother said with a
wicked laugh. 

"Well I'm glad to see you decided to turn your daughter into a fuck-pig. The
boys and I have been wanting to use this little slut-daughter of yours for the
longest!...Right boys?" Mr. Hammer said.

The three little boys were quick to answer.

"You bet Daddy!"
"When do we get to fuck her!"
"Can we fuck her now?"

"I bet she's got a tight cunt, Daddy!"
"I like the way the bitch is tied, Daddy!"

"Can I fuck her first, Daddy?...I never get to fuck the sluts first...Can
I...Huh?"

"Look at her cunt dripping, Daddy!...The little fuck-slut can't wait to get
fucked!"

"I always thought she looked like a slut,Daddy."
"Let's get the bitch!"


Lucy trembled with excitement. She watched one of the boys walk to her mother
and shove his little hand in her mother's cunt. Lucy giggled again into her wet
panties as she saw her mother's knees dip as she spread her legs for the boy.
His hand slid into Lucy's mother's cunt with out any problem as his two brothers
came over to Lucy, watching their father with the little cunt. Lucy grunted as
Mr. Hammer started to twist her other nipple. He twisted this one even harder
than he did the other one. Lucy came as the pain from her right nipple seem to
go straight to her erect clit. Lucy heard the boy that was fist-fucking her
mother, speak.

"Can I piss on your daughter...Like I piss on you, Pig-Cunt?...I want to piss on
both of your faces at the same time. The other kids won't believe it, so you'll
have to tell them when I bring them over to fuck you...Say!...Can I bring some
of the kids over to fuck your daughter?...I bet the little cunt will like
it!...Well Pig-Cunt?...Can I?" the little boy asked as he shoved his small hand
in and out of Lucy's mother's cunt. 

"Ughh...Sure darling...You can piss on my daughter. I think it would be fun for
you to piss on both of us at the same time...You can do whatever you want to my
little girl...My little slut-girl...Treat my slut of a daughter the same way you
do me...Ugghhh...Ooohh...I'd love to see bunches of your friends fucking
her...She would too!...Wouldn't you Lucy-cunt?"

Mr. Hammer, his three sons, and her mother, all laughed at the eager way Lucy
nodded her head 'Yes'.

"This has to go!" Mr. Hammer said as he jerked the panties from Lucy's mouth.

 "Jason!...Mason!...You kids come over hear and fuck this little cunt's
mouth!...Would you like that, you little whore?...Hmmmm?" Lucy ran her tongue
around her lips, and smiled as she looked up at Mr. Hammer.

"Oh yes sir!...I'd..uh..I mean Lucy-cunt would really like that sir.  Please
have your boys fuck my mouth...I'm a good little cocksucker...I really am! See
how wide I can get my mouth?.....uummm....You can fuck my mouth too, sir. I'd
like that too. I guess Mommy told you she is going to turn me into a pig-cunt
like her. So I need to practice my cocksucking...Everybody say's I'm a good
little suck-slut...even if I am so little....Mommy says my mouth is just another
cunt...Want to fuck my mouth-cunt?...Please?" Lucy said.

Mr. Hammer motioned for the two boys to come to each side of Lucy's head. They
had to push Lucy's bound legs to the side to give themselves room. Lucy smiled
as she looked from one of the brothers to the other.  She licked her lips wetly
as she made obscene slurping sounds. Mr.  Hammer left Lucy at the mercy of his
sons as he walked over to Lucy's mother, Pig-cunt.

Jason grabbed Lucy's nose to jerk her face toward his cock. Lust flowed through
Lucy's young body at the little boys' rough treatment. Lucy opened her mouth
wide as she saw his little cock come into view. 

"Take my cock, you little whore! Uhhhh...Yeah!...That's the way, BITCH!... SUCK
IT!...Oohhh Mason...This little slut IS a good cocksucker...I think the cunt is
almost as good as her mother!...Here...Fuck her mouth!"

Jason pulled his cock from the little girl-slut's mouth to let his brother
face-fuck her. A thick strand of spit connected his cock to Lucy's mouth when he
did, breaking when his brother pulled Lucy's mouth to his cock. Mason moaned
when he felt the wet heat of Lucy's mouth engulf his cock, bringing laughter
from her Jason.

"Yeah...Jason...She...is...a...good little cocksucker...Just like her mother!
Suck it, bitch...Suck my cock just like your whore-mother
does...Oohhh...SLUT!...We are going to have fun fucking you, you little
whore!...Ha, ha, ha...Don't she sound funny the way she slobbers all around my
cock?" Mason asked his brother.

"Yeah she does...OK...Its my turn to fuck the little bitch-sluts mouth now...
uugghh!" Jason giggled as tried to choke little Lucy with his cock.  Slobber
leaked from around Lucy's lips in a frothy mix. The boys laughed at the wet,
squishy sounds their cocks made fucking Lucy's mouth. The two boys kept taking
turns like little gentlemen as they fucked Lucy's mouth.

Meanwhile, Mr. Hammer had joined his third son. Grayson was laughing as he
rammed his small fist in and out of the cunt of the standing Pig-Cunt. Mr.
Hammer grabbed Lucy's mother by her throat and pulled her face toward him. He
laughed as he spat a huge wad of spit that hit Pig-cunt between her eyes. Lucy's
mother moaned as she came.

"Fist this slut, Grayson...Fist the pig HARD!...Now really jam your hand in
there!...That's the way, son...See how the bitch shakes?...That's a sign you're
fist-fucking it right....Isn't that right bitch?...Is my boy fist-fucking your
slutty cunt good?" Mr. Hammer asked as he grabbed Lucy's mother's big, swinging
tits and began to maul them.

"Oh yes sir...Your son IS fist-fucking my cunt SOOoo good...Mmmm...Mr. Hammer? 
...Would you like to ass-fuck my daughter while your sons fuck her mouth?... I'd
love to watch you to do that to my little slut-daughter....It'll be a big help
with her slut training."

Mr. Hammer thought that was a good idea too.

Grayson pulled his small fist from Pig-Cunt and reached up and grabbed her big
tits. He used her tits as handles to pull her to her knees. The little boy
grabbed the back of Lucy's mother's head and fucked her mouth in a frenzy. 

"Suck you old whore!..Suck my cock you fucking old bitch!"

Jason and Mason were making a game out o fucking Lucy's mouth. Sometimes they
would put their cocks together as they fucked her mouth.  Lucy thought it was so
cool to be mouth fucked by two identical cocks, and by two boys that looked
exactly the same. She wished the other brother would get tired of fucking her
mother's mouth. Lucy wanted all three of the triplets fucking her mouth at the
same time. Lucy slobbered, and licked, and sucked the two little boys's cocks
like the little whore she was. She wished her mother could see her, but her
mother was busy sucking a boys cock too. 'At least I get TWO cocks' Lucy
thought.

"Are you boys OK?...Is little Lucy being a good suck-slut?...Say Mason?... Don't
worry about her breathing. Lucy is just a piece of fuck-meat now... You can't
hurt fuck-meat...Fuck her mouth as hard as you can...or as hard as you want to.
Remember...A fuck-pig like little Lucy wants you to be rough with her. Sluts
like her and her mother want it...They expect it...So be as nasty to the little
cunt as you can. Mr. Carl wants you to...And if he thinks you aren't fucking
them the way they should be, he might not let you fuck them any more...You DO
want to keep fucking them...Don't you?... Did you hear that Jason?...Good!...Now
watch this boys...Lucy's mother wants me to ass-fuck Lucy. Watch how I do
it...OK?...Are you boys paying attention!?" Mr. Hammer instructed his two sons
who were fucking Lucy's mouth.

When he was sure he had their attention, he crawled on the bed. He aimed his
huge cock at the little of rosebud of Lucy's bound ass. With her legs still
pulled up over her head, she was an easy target. He buried his cock in Lucy's
ass with a single thrust. Little Lucy screamed around Jason's cock that was
fucking her mouth now. 

"DADDY!!!...That was fucking GREAT!...Make the bitch scream around my cock
again, Daddy....Mason...You have GOT to get Daddy to make little Lucy-cunt
scream around your cock!...Its fucking great!" Jason said as he fucked the
whimpering Lucy's mouth.

Mr. Hammer pulled his cock all of the way out of the little girl's ass, and the
rammed his cock back into her ass. This time, Lucy's scream around Jason's cock
triggered his orgasm.

"DADDY!!!...I'm...cumming...I'm cumming in the little slut's mouth!....Eat my
cum Lucy...You fucking cum-eating slut!...Fuck her Daddy!...Fuck the little
bitch!..Eat cum, CUNT!" Jason howled.

"Move your cock, Jason!...Let me fuck her mouth!...Hurry!...I want to cum in her
fucking mouth too...I'm gonna cum too!...Daddy!...Make her scream on my
cock!...Daddy!" Mason pleaded as he stroked his little cock. Jason didn't get
his cock out of Lucy's mouth in time. His cum splattered the little girl's face
as she chewed on his brother's cock.

Mr. Hammer slammed his cock in and out of Lucy's tiny asshole as his sons dumped
their loads on and in the little whore's face. 

"That's the way, boys!..Cream the little cunt...See how the bitch want you
cum?...Watch the way the cum-rag is trying to get all of your cum!... Take my
cock you little cum-guzzling bitch!...Take it, WHORE!" Mr. Hammer shouted in
Lucy's face.

The two little boys were finished cumming on Lucy. They giggled as they rubbed
their cocks around on her face. Lucy tried to catch them in her mouth to make
sure she had all of their cum, but they kept their little cocks just out of
reach from her searching mouth.

"FUCK ME MR. Hammer!...Please!...Fuck me like a slut-bitch should be!...Ohhh...
Mr. Hammer!...Fuck my ass...fuck my little whore's ass....Ooohh....Mmmmm...Oh
boys...Please cum on the cunt some more...Please give me some more cum...
Aaaaiiihh" Lucy screamed as a giant orgasm took control of her. Lucy's body
trembled and shook.

Mr. Hammer laughed as he emptied his balls in Lucy's ass.

"Take the cum slut...Take the cum slut...Take the cum slut..." Mr. Hammer
chanted.

  The last thing Lucy-slut saw before she passed out was her mother leaning over
her. Through lust clouded eyes, Lucy saw her mother smile down on her. She saw
her mother's grin widen. Then Lucy saw the webs of cum seeping around her
mother's smiling teeth. As the cum in her mother's mouth formed into a thick
string, Lucy opened her mouth wide for her mother's gift. The last thing Lucy
did before she passed out was to slurp the string of cum from her mother's
grinning mouth into her own.

The last words Lucy spoke before blackness caved in on her was, "Thank you,
Mommy...Thank you for feeding your little daughter-whore your cum... That's so
sweet of you to share Mommy."

When Lucy came to again she was freezing. Her eyes fluttered open and her
surroundings became recognizable. Lucy was on her back. She was in her mother's
bathtub. As her eyes focused she saw her mother standing over her. To the left,
Lucy saw Mr. Hammer and his three sons standing in a line. They were laughing as
all four of them were pointing their cocks at her face. Lucy knew what was about
to happen. She couldn't wait. She encouraged them on.

"YES!!!...Mommy!...Mr. Hammer...You boys...Piss on me!...Piss on this little
slut!  ...Show me what you think of me. I'll be your piss-drinking little
bitch... Do it!...Don't wait! Give it to me...Give it to the slut!...Use me for
your piss-pot!...I'm a toilet! I really am!...Piss in my fucking face and I'll
show you!...PLEASE!...MOMMY!...Make them piss in my face!...Make them piss on
your piss-whore-daughter!...MOMMY!...PLEASE! Piss in my face!...I want to drink
piss Mommy! Make them piss in my mouth!...Here!...I'll hold my open real wide
for all of you to piss in!...All of you!...Piss in my mouth!....PLEASE!...Piss
on the toilet-slut! Piss in the pig's mouth! Piss in your piss-pot. Use the slut
for your toil...gglluugg...Mmmmm...MORE!...gguuh...Piss in my fucking
piss-whore's mouth
more!...gglug...hhmmpph...ssllrpppth...Mommy...cluggh...Watch...your...glug...sl
utwhore daughter  suck down all...ggluhds...of the nice...hot...ssllugh...PISS!"

Lucy screamed as the torrent of piss flooded her face.  Piss overflowed little
Lucy's gulping mouth. Piss flowed like a river from her mouth. One of the boys
was filling Lucy's left ear with piss.  Lucy's mother laughed as she gyrated her
hips in a circular motion. Her mother prayed Lucy's entire face with her piss.
Mr. Hammer aimed his cock to squirt his piss straight down Lucy's throat. Lucy
gulped piss down her throat in a frantic effort not to drown.

The other two boys sprayed their hot piss all over Lucy. Piss shot from her
little mouth like a fountain. Piss also shot from her nose to join the piss
cascading down her chin. Lucy rolled her head slowly from left to right, washing
her face with, mainly, her mothers piss.  Lucy's beautiful, fine, blonde hair
was plastered to her head and neck with piss. Still she wanted more. Another
huge orgasm shook the little piss-craving whore. Her orgasm became stronger as
she heard them speak. 

"Piss on my daughter...Everybody!...Piss on my little whore!...Drink our piss,
bitch!...Show Mommy how good of a piss-slut her daughter is, you fucking cunt!"
Lucy's mother shouted.

"Daddy!...Look!...I'm pissing in the fucking whore's ear!...Ain't that funny...
See?"

Hey Mason...Lets piss up the bitch's nose...Want to?...Aim your cock like this!"

"Come on boys!...Let's show this little whore what she is good for...the little
slut!"

Lucy was in a dream-like trance as she came. She drank the mixed piss of her
mother, Mr. Hammer and his three sons. She was fingering her cunt as she washed
her hair in the hot, yellow piss. Every time some one called her a 'cunt', or
'bitch', or 'slut', Lucy would have a mini-cum. When everyone had ran out of
piss, Lucy caught a mouthful of her piss-soaked blonde hair and began to suck
the piss out of it. Lucy was caught in the rapture of degradation and endless
orgasms when she heard the strange voice.

"What in the hell is going on in here?...Well?...Somebody better goddamn answer
me!...I'm WAITING!" the new voice screamed. Lucy blinked the piss from, her eyes
and looked at the lovely, petite brunette standing in the door to the bathroom
with her hands on her hips.

"Aahh MOM!...You scared the shit out of us...or at least the last of our piss!"
Jason said with a laugh.

Mr. Hammer put his arm around his wife, "Hi dear...I'm so glad you got my
message. Don't worry, you're not too late...As for what's going on, we'll let
Pig-Cunt explain."

Lucy watched with fascination as her mother dropped to her knees in front of
Mrs. Hammer and bowed her head.

"Hello Mistress...The Pig-Cunt is so glad you could come, ma'am. You know my
daughter, Lucy?... The little whore we were all pissing on?... Lucy has decided
she wants to be a cunt like me. My little Lucy wants to be a fuck-toy, like her
mother...Mistress, this lowly fuck-pig would be honored if you would help turn
her daughter into a good little slut.  Would you please use my daughter for your
whore?...Little Lucy is a fast learner, ma'am, and Pig-cunt thinks you would
have fun with the little bitch...Would Mistress like to piss in my daughter's
face?...Would it please you for me to have my little girl become your
toilet?...PLEASE Mistress...Use my cunt-daughter!...Do anything to the little
pig you desire... Anything at all, Mistress....Please...Use little Lucy-cunt
like you would me, her whore of a mother." Lucy's mother begged the sneering
woman. 

The three little boys started to laugh at the babbling of Lucy's mother. 

"Yeah Mom...She told us we could fuck her little girl anyway that we wanted to!"

"Mom?...Me and Jason both fucked her mouth while Daddy plowed her ass!"

"And then we all pissed on her Mom!...Are you going to piss in her face too?"

"Yeah Mom!...Do it! Piss in her fucking face too!...Can we watch?...Huh?"

"Dear, This little bitch is a lot of fun to fuck...She has one of the tightest
asses I've fucked in a long time. I think you'd have a lot of fun with the
little whore!" Mr. Hammer said with a smirk.

Mrs. Hammer grabbed Lucy's mother's head and pulled the kneeling mother's face
to the hem of her skirt. Lucy watched as the woman pulled her mother's head
under her skirt. Mrs. Hammer let her dress fall over Lucy's mother's head. She
grabbed her dress where the back of Pig-Cunt's head would be and pulled hard.
Mrs. Hammer laughed, gyrated her hips and looked the trembling little Lucy in
the eye.

"Ha, ha, ha...Yeah Mom. Make that old whore eat your cunt!...Make her Mom!"

"Eat my mom's cunt good you fucking old slut!"
"SLUT!"
"WHORE!"

"Don't worry boys...You Mom knows how to treat a fuck-pig!" Mr. Hammer said with
a chuckle as he kicked Lucy's mother in her ass. Mr. Hammer and the three boys
stood around the bathroom giggling and chuckling as they watched Lucy's mother
being dominated.

"So...Your mother tells me you want to be a slut...Speak up!...Don't be shy, you
little bitch...Or should I call you Lucy-cunt, like your cunt-eating mother
did.?" Mrs. Hammer asked. Lucy just stared at her mother's bobbing head under
Mrs. Hammer's dress and listened to the wet slurping sounds her mother was
making. With a start, Lucy answered Mrs. Hammer. 

"Oh yes ma'am...I do...Want to be a slut-cunt like Mommy, I mean....Uh...OH!...
Yes!...You can call me anything you want ma'am. I know it's kinda funny...
but...I get SO HOT when I'm called really nasty names. So you can call me
anything you like...I know I'll like it....Cunt, slut, bitch, whore... Anything
at all. But...Do you know what I really like?...I LOVE it when people put TWO
dirty names together and call me that!...You know like 'slut-bitch' and
'slut-whore' and 'fuck-meat' and stuff like that... I also like 'Lucy-cunt'."

Lucy noticed the flashes of lust in Mrs. Hammer's eyes as she spoke.  Lucy began
to finger-fuck her young cunt. The squishing sounds of her fingers pumping in
and out of her cunt echoed in the bathtub. Mrs. Hammer looked at her smiling
husband.

 "Honey?...Would you and the boys mind letting me have some private time with
the little slut and her mother...I'd like to give the little cunt some of my
'special' training...Plus, I think it would be a blast to make her mother
help...Are you sure you don't mind? You and the boys can have the cunts later."

"No problem dear...Have your fun. You deserve it...Come on boys...You heard your
mother. Let's go." Mr. Hammer said as he waved his sons toward the door.

"OH Mom!...Can't we stay and watch?...PPLEEAASSE?" Jason whined. Grayson became
angry. "That's not fair!...We had the little whore FIRST!...I NEVER get to have
any fun!" he said as he stomped out of the bathroom. Mason left with out
argument. Before he left he stopped beside his mother. He put his hand on the
back of Lucy's mother's head and pushed her head tighter into his mother's
crotch. He stepped on the cunt-eating whore's legs. Using Lucy's mother for a
step stool, he reached up and kissed his mother's cheek.

"You have fun Mom...Show these two cunts where they're place is. I love you
Mom." he said with a wink as he left.

When her husband and three sons left, Mrs. Hammer's attention was brought back
to the little whore fingering her cunt in the bathtub. And the little girls
mother who was busy lapping away on her cunt. Mrs.  Hammer gyrated her hips and
grabbed Lucy's mother's head, forcing the kneeling woman's tongue deeper into
her cunt.

"So...The little bitch wants to be a pig like her mother. Is that right,
cunt?...Does a stupid little slut like you have any fucking idea just what kind
of a whore your mother is?...Well?...Do you?...BITCH!" Mrs. Hammer said with a
laugh.

Lucy heard her mother whimper into the domineering woman's cunt as she answered.

"Yes Ma'am...I do...Uh...I mean...The little bitch wants to be a pig just like
Mommy. Is my Mommy eating your cunt good, Ma'am?...Mommy says I'm a good
cunt-eater too!...If you'd like me to, I'd love to show you....I'd...I mean...
This little bitch-slut would love to eat your cunt...and ass...I love to eat
ass, Ma'am. Would you like this little pig-cunt to eat your ass while Mommy eats
your cunt?...Please?...Can the little whore be your ass-licker?...How about
pissing in my face?...Would you like that Ma'am. Your sons said I'm...The slut,
I mean, is a good little piss-slut...Mmmmm...Please piss in my face...Show me
how a cunt like me should be used...Ooohhh...Ma'am... The whore is getting so
HOT!...Please!...Do something NASTY to me! Make Mommy do something nasty
too...Oohhh...PLEASE!...PLEASE!" Lucy cried. 

Lucy shoved more fingers into her hairless cunt as she came. The idea of this
woman using her and her mother as fuck-toys turned little Lucy on like nothing
else had, so far. As an orgasm shook little Lucy, she saw through clouded eyes
as the woman laughed. Mrs. Hammer reached under her dress and pulled Lucy's
mother away from her cunt by the hair. Lucy's eyes were barely focusing as she
watched the laughing Mrs.  Hammer drag her mother beside the tub.

Little Lucy trembled through another orgasm as she heard Mrs. Hammer speak.

"Grab your cocksucking slut-daughter's head for me, BITCH!...Hold it for
me...Yeah...Like that, you stupid cunt!...Just like that!"

The shaking Lucy felt her mother's hands close on each side of her head. She
looked into the grinning face of her mother and smiled. Lucy felt the 'splat' of
her mother's spit as it splattered across her nose.  Lucy jerked a little, but
then looked back at her mother as a shadow crossed the young girl's face.

"Do it, Ma'am...Stick you cunt right on my whore-daughter's mouth...Make my
little girl eat your cunt, Ma'am...Oohh...Yesssss...Eat her Lucy...Eat Mrs. 
Hammer's cunt like a good little whore...Oohh yeah...make Mommy proud!...Show
Mrs. Hammer how good of a little slut-whore cunt-bitch you are!...Ha...ha...
ha........"




The Creation of Cumbag
Chapter 4
By Steve Dema

Lucy's mother cackled a wicked laugh as Mrs. Hammer lowered her dripping cunt to
Lucy's face. Mrs. Hammer's dress fell over the young girl's head as little Lucy
dove for the woman's cunt. Lucy attacked Mrs. Hammer's dripping cunt with a
vengeance. The bathroom was full of the sounds of sex.. Lucy's slurping, Mrs.
Hammer's cooing, and Lucy's mother's laughter echoed all around the room.

"Ha, ha, ha...Yes Mistress!...Feed my little slut-daughter your cunt...Is my
little girl being a good pussy-slut for you?...Is the little whore?...Mmmmm...
Smear your cunt all over my daughter's fucking face, Mistress...Ohhh...Yes,
Ma'am....Use my little girl for your suck-slut...uuhhhgg...Little Lucy-cunt!"

Lucy's mother groaned as she watched Mrs. Hammer rotate her hips. She was on her
knees, with her hands behind her back, staring at the other woman's ass
squirming on her daughter's face. She wanted to finger her cunt. But had not
received permission to do so, so she wiggled her ass, sending little sparks to
her clit.

Little Lucy franticly tried to keep her mouth locked onto the women's cunt. Mrs.
Hammer grabbed each of Lucy's pigtails, using them for handles as she yanked
Lucy's head from side to side. Lucy slobbered all over the new cunt that was
offered her with loud, wet smacking sounds.  Mrs. Hammer giggled when Lucy
shoved her tongue deep into her cunt, and wiggled it all around, like a long
pink snake.

"Ha, ha, ha...Good little slut. That's right. Clean my cunt out, you fucking
whore. MMmmm...Your cunt-daughter is a hungry little pussy-slut,
Pig-Cunt...uuuhhmm...You must be proud of your little slut of a daughter." Mrs.
Hammer said with a wicked laugh.

"Yes, Mistress...I am proud of my little girl. Lucy's going to be such a good
piece of fuck-meat...She is an eager whore, Ma'am. Show my fucking slut-daughter
her place in the world...Eat her cunt, Lucy!...Show Mrs.  Hammer and Mommy just
what kind of a fucking bitch-cunt you are...You little fucking whore...Do it,
SLUT!!!...Mmmm..." Lucy's mother grunted in a low soft voice as she leaned
forward and started licking Mrs. Hammer's ass crack.

Little Lucy shuddered as an orgasm waved through her young body. She loved the
way her mother and Mrs. Hammer talked about her. Every time the two older women
talked about her as if she was a brainless piece of fuck-meat who wasn't even in
the same room with them caused her tight, young cunt to convulse.

Mrs. Hammer moaned as Pig-Cunt lapped at her ass-crack. With a low, throaty moan
she released Lucy's pigtails. With one hand she grabbed the back of Lucy's head
and forced the gurgling little girl's face into her wet, musky cunt. With the
other, she reached behind her, and grabbed Lucy's mother's hair. She pulled
Pig-Cunt's face into her ass-crack. Lucy's mother inhaled deeply when her nose
was trapped by the woman's fleshy ass and moaned. Mrs. Hammer giggled as she
rolled her ass and pulled Pig-Cunt's face deeper into her ass.

"Heh, heh, heh...You fucking whore! Stick your fucking ass-wiping tongue in my
fucking ass where it belongs, you stupid bitch!...Mmmm...Eat my ass while your
slut-daughter eats my cunt, whore!...You do want to eat my ass, don't you
slut?...Does the little piggy want to show her daughter what a nasty fucking
ass-whore her mommy is?....Hmmm?...Well?...DO YOU BITCH?!!" Mrs. Hammer said in
a mocking voice.

"Yes Mistress!...Please!...I'm just a stupid piece of shit whore!...Please
Ma'am!...Let this pig suck your ass! This cunt-slut will eat your ass out so
good...Look Lucy-cunt!...Watch Mommy be an ass-whore!...Eat her cunt good Lucy
while Mommy eats her ass...Let's show Mrs. Hammer how good of a couple of
pig-sluts we are!....Mmmmmm...Oh, Mistress!...Feed your pig your ass!...Mmmmm"
Lucy's mother whined before Mrs. Hammer shoved her face even deeper into her
ass.

Mrs. Hammer chuckled feeling Lucy's mother's soft, wet tongue lapping at her
asshole. She held Lucy's face tight against her cunt. Lucy came again. Hearing
her mother beg to be this woman's ass-whore inflamed the lust in her young body.
She wished she could watch her mother eat the woman's ass, but she realized her
place was eating this lovely, young woman's cunt with all of her might.

"Do you hear that, Lucy-cunt?...That's what your Mommy sounds like when the cunt
is eating my ass...Your slut-mother makes such nasty sounds when she eats ass,
don't you think?...She sounds just like a little piggy! Ha, ha, ha...Ooohh
yeah...Eat my cunt, you little bitch!...Eat my cunt while your mother-whore
cleans my ass for me, slut...Uummm...You fucking pig-sluts... This is all that
bitch-cunts and the mothers of bitch-cunts are good for...Ha, ha, ha...." Mrs.
Hammer rolled with obscene laughter.

 Lucy and her mother moaned as orgasms waffled through each of their bodies.
Pig-Cunt would drive her tongue deep into Mrs. Hammer's tight ass and swirl it
around causing the woman to chuckle. Little Lucy in the meantime would do the
same with her mother's cunt. Suddenly Mrs.  Hammer screamed.

"YOU FUCKING SLUTS!!!....I'M COMING!....Uuuyghh!" Mrs. Hammer forced the
mother-daughter slut team's faces into her cunt and ass. While she moaned and
spasmed a huge glut of her cunt-cream exploded into Lucy's mouth. Little Lucy's
eyes flew wide open in astonishment. Lucy rolled the goo around her tongue Mrs.
Hammer squirted into her mouth. She first thought the woman was pissing in her
mouth, but soon realized it wasn't piss...it was cum. A woman's cum. Lucy never
thought a woman could squirt cum like a man, but this one did. Lucy gulped down
the woman's sticky fuck-juices with gusto, opening her mouth for more. With a
laugh Mrs. Hammer pulled Lucy's sucking mouth from her cunt, and spurted the
last of her cream in the little girl's mouth. Lucy came hard. 

"Ooohh YESSS!...Cum in my face!...Mommy!...LOOK!!!...Mrs. Hammer is coming in my
face! She's cuming in your slut-daughter's face just like a man! 
Uuggh...YES!...Cum in my fucking face...Cover this little cunt in your juice!...
ooohhhh...." The orgasm that rocketed through her body was too much for the
little girl to take. Lucy passed out. The last thing she heard was Mrs. Hammer
and her mother laughing at her as her head bounced off of the bathtub.

"Thank you Mistress for giving my little slut of a daughter your cream... See
how much Lucy-cunt liked it?...You are so nice to my little whore.  Please...Do
something NASTY to the little slut!...Oohh...I love watching you use my daughter
for your fuck-toy! How can the Pig-Cunt thank you, Ma'am?" Lucy's mother said as
she went back to licking the woman's asshole.

Mrs. Hammer grabbed Pig-Cunt by the hair. With a sneer, she pulled the licking
mother's face from her ass-crack and slammed her to the hard bathroom floor.
Lucy's dazed mother looked up at the woman as she pulled her dress back down
over her firm legs. Tears began to swell in Pig-Cunt's eyes.

"Forgive this stupid cunt, Mistress...Have I failed to please you?...Did my
whore-daughter not please you, Ma'am?...Please, Mistress!...We'll be better
cunts for you! I PROMISE!..." Lucy's mother said between sobs.

 Mrs. Hammer grabbed Pig-Cunt's hair again and pulled her face toward hers. She
spat a huge wad of spittle that hit Lucy's mother between her eyes and slithered
down the slut's face.

"Bring your slut of a daughter into the living room. I have plans for the little
slut!" Mrs. Hammer said with a laugh.

"Ooooohh...Thank you, Ma'am! Spit in my fucking face!...Slap me!...Beat me!...
Beat my little slut-daughter!...Do anything to us you want to!" Lucy's mother
begged. "YES Ma'am!...I'll bring my cunt-daughter in there for you...Do anything
to the little bitch you want to, ma'am...I'll bring the whore right away."
Lucy's mother said as she scampered to comply. Mrs. Hammer laughed all the way
into the living room.

"Come on my little bitch! Mistress has plans for the slut....Ha, ha, ha... Be a
good little fuck-slut for Mommy. Make Mommy proud, you little bitch-cunt."
Lucy's mother said as she grabbed her unconscious daughter's hair and pulled her
out of the tub. A thick strand of Mrs.  Hammer's cunt-cream dangled off of
Lucy's chin. Lucy's mother smiled as she pushed it into her daughter's mouth.

"Eat it slut...That's where cum belongs, little bitch...Swallow that cream like
a good little whore." She said with a sneer. As Lucy instinctively swallowed,
Pig-Cunt leaned over and licked Lucy's face. When she had sucked as much of the
remaining cunt-cream into her mouth, she planted her lips to her daughter's.
Mother and daughter both moaned as Lucy's mother pushed the cream into her mouth
with her tongue.  Pig-cunt laughed as she pulled Lucy from the tub.

 "Come on baby...We have more fun for the whore."

Pig-Cunt struggled as she drug her daughter across the cold bathroom floor, down
the hall into the living room.

When she had dragged her blissful daughter into the living room, she looked
around but didn't see Mrs. Hammer. Afraid that her Mistress was finished playing
with her and her daughter, she called out. 

"Mistress!...Here is the little cunt! She's ready for you!...Hello?...
Mistress?...I brought the slut!...Hello?..." Suddenly the front door burst open
and in walked Mrs. Hammer.

 She roared with laughter at the sight that greeted her. Lucy's mother was
standing in the middle of the living room. Her huge tits swaying back and forth
as she called out. In Pig-Cunt's right hand, she had a handful of Lucy's blonde
hair. Her left hand was fingering her own cunt. Lucy lay unconscious at her
mother's feet, as she too, fingered her cunt as dreams of degradation filled her
young mind. 

"Hello Mistress...I was afraid you were finished playing with your sluts.  Here
is my whore-daughter for you Mistress...What would you like to do the bitch
now?...Ha, ha, ha..." Lucy's mother broke out in a wicked laugh at the joke she
had just made.

For the first time, Lucy's mother noticed the companion Mrs. Hammer had brought
into the house. 

"Bitch is right, Pig-Cunt!...Damion!...Get her!...Fuck her!" Mrs. Hammer said
releasing the huge tan Great Dane.

Mrs. Hammer closed the front door as the huge dog leapt across the room in a
prance. He stopped at Pig-Cunt, looked up at her, then to little Lucy, and then
back to Mrs. Hammer.

"I said get the bitch, Damion" Mrs. Hammer repeated as she sat in a chair, hiked
her skirt to her waist and began to rub her still tingling cunt. The confused
animal looked up at Pig-Cunt again and cocked his head. This time Lucy's mother
helped make the command clear to the giant dog. She reached down and stroked him
behind his ear and pulled the dog's head up to face her. The dog licked
Pig-Cunt's lips. Lucy's mother opened her lips and sucked the dog's thick, wet
tongue into her mouth, giving it a gentle suck before letting it go.

"Hi Damion...It's so good to see you boy. Don't fuck me, fuck my little girl.
This little slut here is my daughter, Lucy. Would you like to fuck her?...Would
you boy? Huh?...Go ahead, boy...This is your new bitch...Fuck her boy!...My
daughter is your new fuck-bitch!...So fuck her!...Fuck the shit out of your new
bitch!...Here boy...Fuck her mouth!...I'll help you, Damion... OK boy!...Fuck my
daughter's mouth!" Lucy's mother said with a laugh as she pulled Damion to stand
over her daughter's head. Lucy's mother held her head up by her hair as she
grabbed Damion's ass, pulling him closer to the little girl.

Lucy's mother grabbed Damion's cock with one hand and started stroking his cock.
When his huge red cock began to emerge from it's hairy sheath, she pushed Lucy's
lips to it. Damion began to hunch toward the little girl's face. Suddenly Lucy
came to. All she could see was the dripping red cock of Damion.

"Mommy!...Where are you? What's happening?" Lucy called out. 

"I'm here, my little daughter-slut. Well, I guess I should call you my little
bitch-daughter!  You know Mrs. Hammer's dog, Damion?...Damion wants to fuck your
mouth. I think that's a good idea...Don't you?...I can't wait until Damion is
fucking your little slut-mouth like a dog's cunt... Now ...Be a good little cunt
for mommy and open your mouth, cunt. Be a good little fuck-bitch! Open up,
slut...Let Damion fuck your little whore's-mouth....You do want to be a good
fuck-bitch for Damion...Don't you, little slut?...Ha...ha...ha..."

Lucy's mother laughed as she waved Damion's thick, red cock in front of the
little girl's face.  Lucy's eyes were fixed on the dripping cock that her mother
wiggled in front of her face. She tingled with excitement at the thought of
becoming a dog-whore for her mother as Mrs. Hammer watched. A small orgasm waved
through the girl when spit from Damion's open, panting mouth dripped to her
forehead. It seemed to the little slut-girl that the dog was spitting on
her...She came again.

"Oohhh...YES Mommy! I'll be a GOOD little fuck-bitch for Mrs. Hammer's dog!...I
promise! You'll be Sssoooo proud of me! Make the dog fuck my mouth!...Choke me
with his big, red cock!...Do it Mommy...Feed your little slut-daughter the dog
cock! Make me a dog-whore, Mommy...Make him use my mouth for a bitch's cunt,
Mommy!...Hurry Mommy!...Don't make your bitch-daughter wait!" Lucy cooed, never
taking her eyes off of the red cock. 

Lucy's mother looked back at Mrs. Hammer for approval. The brunette was grinning
as she finger-fucked her dripping cunt watching the mother wave the dog cock
around her daughter's face. Lucy's mother smiled and licked her lips as she
watched her Mistress open her cunt wide. 

"See Mistress...My little slut-daughter wants to be your dog's fuck-bitch! 
...Shall I feed the little cunt?...Can I?...Lucy-bitch is hungry to suck
dog-cock!" Both women began to laugh again when Lucy began to talk to Damion.

"Hi Damion...I'm Lucy, remember me?...Mommy and Mrs. Hammer want me to be your
bitch...Can I?...Can I be your fuck-bitch?...Want to fuck my mouth?...Come on,
boy...Pllleease?...I'll be a good little cock-sucker for you...I haven't had a
dog cock yet, but I know I'll like it...Do you know how I know I'll like
it?...Because I'm just a cunt!...I'm just a slut-whore who's only job is to be a
fuck-toy! So come on, Damion!...Fuck my mouth like it's just another cunt. Mommy
says that's what my mouth REALLY is...Just another cunt...Won't you fuck
it?...Please?...Ooohhh...You balls look SO FULL!...Are they? Ooohh...Are they
full of yummy dog-cum for your new fuck-bitch? Ooohhh...This little slut hopes
they are!...Come on Damion!...Fuck my slut-mouth full of doggy jizz!" Lucy
babbled.

"Hey!...Pig-Cunt!...Help your slut-daughter, you stupid fucking cunt! Can't you
see the little slut needs her mommy! What kind of a mother are you,
bitch!...Help her!... Go on, cunt...Help your daughter be a fuck-bitch!" Mrs. 
Hammer said with a throaty cackle.

Lucy's mother pulled the panting dog closer to her daughter's smiling face.

"Open you fucking mouth, Lucy-cunt! Take this dog cock into your fucking mouth
and show Mommy what kind of a slut you are!...Go on Damion!... Rape my
daughter!...Rape my little slut-daughter's fucking mouth!" She said as she
pushed little Lucy's head toward the dripping cock with a laugh.

Without a word of protest, little Lucy opened her mouth. Her mother pushed her
head forward as Damion's cock speared the little girl's mouth, the two women
laughed and began shouting at the little girl. 

"Fuck the little whore's mouth, Damion!"
"Suck that dog-cock, daughter-slut!"

"Eat that cock, dog-slut"
"Fuck your bitch's mouth, boy!"

"Fuck her mouth, Damion!"
"Your daughter is a natural dog-whore!"

"Suck that dog cock Lucy!...Do it for Mommy! Oh!...I'm so proud of you!"

Lucy's eyes were wide as the huge dog fucked her mouth. Her nose was rubbed raw
on the hairy belly of Damion as he pistoned his thick, red cock in and out of
the little girl's mouth. Lucy's mother was still holding the girl's head for
Damion when Mrs. Hammer called to her. 

"Come here, Pig-Cunt!...Crawl over here and eat my cunt, you fucking slut. Eat
my cunt while I watch my dog use your little slut-daughter for his whore!" Mrs.
Hammer snickered.

Lucy's mother dropped the little slut's head. Lucy's head bounced to the floor,
but Damion just scooted forward, fucking her mouth all of the while. Damian
pinned the little girl's head to the floor. With his body bowed, he fucked her
mouth relentlessly. Lucy gagged and choked as the huge dog-cock speared her
throat, but she did nothing to protect herself. Lucy reached up and grabbed
Damian's haunches, pulling his cock as deep as she could in her mouth. As her
mouth filled with the dog's cock-juice, Lucy had another idea. She released her
grip on the dog's ass and put her hands over her head. She pretended she was
tied down, and her mother was bringing dogs in to rape her mouth-cunt. The idea
of being raped by dogs while people watched and laughed at her caused her to cum
hard.

Mrs. Hammer leered at the lewd sight before her. Her legs were spread wide as
she fucked three fingers into her dripping cunt, still chuckling as Pig-Cunt
crawled toward her. "Yes Mistress...Feed your whore your wonderful
cunt!...Mmmffff...." Pig-Cunt said as Mrs. Hammer grabbed her head, forcing it
to her cunt.  "That's it, you fucking slut. Eat my cunt while I watch Damion use
your fucking slut of a daughter for his cum-slut! Eat
it!...Oohh...Yessss!....Such a good little Mommy-whore!....Uuhhmmm...Fuck the
little slut's mouth... Yeeaahhh...Stick your fucking tongue up my
cunt...Ooohhh..." Mrs. Hammer shuddered as she came. Lucy's eyes were wide.
Damion was hunched over the little slut, fucking his cock in and out of Lucy's
mouth.  Damion's tongue hung from the side of his open mouth, dripping spit down
on the dog-cock-sucker under him. Lucy's lips were in a firm 'O' forming a cunt
for the dog. Lucy snorted air through her nose afraid she would lose his cock if
she breathed through her mouth. Lucy slurped and lapped at the dog cock that
fucked her mouth. Damion whimpered and began squirting dog-cum in thick, salty
strands. Lucy snorted loudly as she realized the dog was cumming in her mouth.
Her eyes rolled back as a hard orgasm took control of her. Lucy would let the
dog-cum pool in her mouth while she swished the dog's cock juice around,
savoring its gamely flavor. When the juice would start to leak from her tight
lips, she would swallow. Lucy came every time she swallowed a big mouthful of
dog cum. There seemed to be no end to the dog's cum. Lucy's cheeks would swell
obscenely with the stringy cum, letting Mrs. Hammer know her dog was cumming in
the little girl's mouth.  That knowledge only made Mrs. Hammer cum even harder
in the mouth of Lucy's mother. Pig-Cunt frantically tried to keep up with the
rush of cunt-cream filling her mouth, as her daughter fought to keep up with the
rush of dog-cum in hers. Mrs. Hammer yanked Pig-Cunt from her cunt with a loud,
wet, 'slop'. She twisted her hand into her hair as she turned Pig-Cunt so that
she could see her daughter. Pig-Cunt's eyes slowly focused on the dog fucking
her daughter's mouth as a steady stream of Mrs. Hammer's cunt-juice dribbled
from her open mouth. 

"Look at your little girl, you fucking slut-whore!...Look at the little
slut!...Do you know what the slut is doing? DO YOU, CUNT?!!...The little whore
is eating dog-cum! Your slut-daughter is my dog's fucking whore... LOOK!...See
her throat move?...Do you see how your little girl LOVES to eat dog-cum? Ha, ha,
ha... What do you think of your baby NOW?...Your daughter is just a fucking
cum-dump for dogs now, slut...And do you know what, bitch?...I'm going to see to
it that your daughter becomes the dog-slut for the whole fucking town. I'll turn
the little cunt into a dog-cum receptacle...A walking cum-bank...A
cumbag!...What do you think about THAT, you whore-slut!...Is that OK with
you?...You don't mind I use your daughter for a cumbag, do you?" Mrs. Hammer
screamed at the back of Pig-Cunt's head.

She yanked on The Mommy-slut's hair, pulling her head backwards so Mrs. Hammer
could spit on her forehead. With a shove she released Pig-Cunt. When Pig-Cunt's
head snapped back into a natural position, she came as she felt the spit trickle
down her forehead, into her eyes. Her mouth twisted into a wicked grin as she
watched as the wide-eyed little Lucy swallowed mouthful after mouthful of
stringy dog jizz. Lucy's mother shuddered as another orgasm hit her as she began
to answer her Mistress.

"Oh...YES Mistress...This slut-mother thinks that would be a GREAT idea! Do
it!...I'd love to see my little girl become the towns dog-whore!...Uuhhmmm... Do
it right away. I bet there are hundreds of dogs around here that really need a
slut like my daughter to dump their cum in!...It would be so mean to let them
walk around with full balls, when my daughter here would be such a good little
whore for them!....Uugghh...Mistress you are SO right! My little
slut-of-a-daughter DOES love to eat dog cum!...MMMmmm...Do it, Lucy...Eat that
dog-cum like a good little slut! Show Mommy how nasty her daughter-slut is! Did
you hear Mistress Lucy?...Did you hear she is going to make you the dog-slut for
the WHOLE TOWN!...Oohhh...You are going to be fucked by HUNDREDS of dog cocks!
Isn't that GREAT, dear? You are going to be turned into just a cumbag!...I'm so
proud of my little whore-daughter!...Uugghhh..."

Lucy's mother fell silent as she came even harder than the last time. The idea
of her daughter sucking and fucking every dog in town filled her mind with
wicked images as she heard the laughter of Mrs. Hammer in the background. With a
lustful groan, she dove for Mrs. Hammer's cunt again.

Lucy grabbed Damion's low hang black balls in her little hand and jerked her
head off of the spurting dog-cock. Damion whined as his cock popped free and
dangled in front of the little girl's face. Spurts of dog-cum erupted from his
cock, striping the gasping little girl's face.  Cum hit Lucy on her eyebrows and
slithered into her eyes. A jet of Damion's cum hit little Lucy just below her
left eye and snaked its way to her chin. Another squirt filled her right eye
with dog-jizz. Dog-cum began to fly everywhere, but Lucy kept the dog's cock
aimed at her face as she spoke.

"OH yes, Mommy! I heard!...gllugg...That WOULD be great! I can't wait until
every dog in town has used me for his cumbag....Oohhhh...I LOVE that word
Mommy...cumbag!..Gghmmpp...Will you help, Mommy? Will you bring dogs home for me
to suck?...Plleeeaase?...I'll be a good little doggy-whore...I promise
Mommy...gglluuugg..Mommy?...Could I do it in front of people?...Could you get a
bunch of men to come over and watch me be a dog-slut?...Maybe after they watched
be a fuck-toy for a bunch of dogs, they would want to rape me awhile...Do you
think they would, Mommy?...Do men like to watch a little cunt like me be nasty
with a bunch of dogs? Would the men want to fuck me too, Mommy?...Ooohhh...Yes
Damion!...Keep cumming in your bitch's face! GOOD BOY!...uughh...Mommy!...Make
the dog cum some more in my face!...Please Mommy...Cover  your little
bitch-daughter's face in sticky dog-jizz!... MMmmm...Mommy!...Make me eat
it!...Feed me some cum, Mommy!...Turn me into a cumbag, Mommy!"

Lucy fastened her mouth around Damion's cock as his balls began to run dry.

Lucy's mother looked up at Mrs. Hammer and began to laugh as they both started
to cum again.

Damion jumped away from Lucy. Now that his balls were empty, he had no use for
the young slut. Lucy rubbed her fingers around her face, collecting the cum that
Damion had spurted there. Little Lucy started cumming again as she pushed hot,
sticky dog-cum from her face into her mouth. Lucy's mother watched with
perverted interest as Lucy smacked down load after load of dog-cum into her
young mouth.

"Oohhh Mommy!...dog-cum is SSOooo GOOD!...(smack)...Please get me some
more...Will you Mommy?...Mmmmm...I love being a bitch...I want to be the best
dog-bitch there ever was...Mmmm...Ohhh...Mommy...I want more cum. Can you get me
some more?...Please?" Lucy said before concentrating on her cum eating.

Mrs. Hammer pulled Lucy's mother from her cunt and smiled down at the young
mother.

 "Hey BITCH!!...Why don't you show that bitch-slut you call a daughter what else
my dogs will do to the little slut!...She will be more than my dog's
cum-bag....Show the cunt!" and threw Pig-Cunt backwards to the floor.

Pig-Cunt scurried to her daughter and stood over the cum-smacking little cunt.
Lucy gazed up at her mother's beautiful cunt and grinned.  Lucy was busy fucking
her fingers in and out of her young cunt when her mother spit in her face.

"Thank you Mommy. I like it when you spit on me. Did you think I was a good
bitch for Damion?...Huh?...Was I a good dog-slut? Oohhh...I hope I was a good
bitch, Mommy. I think Damion liked fucking my mouth!...Did you see how much cum
he squirted on me, Mommy?...It was a bunch!!!...Oohhh Mommy....Mrs. Hammer
wasn't teasing me, was she?...She meant it when she said I get to be a walking
cum-dump...a cumbag...right?  She WILL get a lot of dogs for me to fuck?...Won't
she?...Please?...She wasn't playing with me when she said she would make me the
town's Dog-Slut...Was she?" Lucy asked while continuing to stare up at her
mother's cunt with Mrs. Hammer's laughter in the background. 

"Lucy-slut?...Getting dogs to cum in our faces is just one of the tricks a good
bitch can do...Watch this, bitch! Ha, ha, ha..."Lucy's mother laughed as she let
lose with a powerful stream of hot, yellow piss that hit Lucy between the eyes.

 "Piss on the little bitch!...Yeah!...Be a good Mommy for your slut-daughter and
piss all over your fucking dog-slut of a daughter's face!" Mrs. Hammer shouted.

"You heard the lady, my little cunt...Be a good toilet for Mommy and take all my
piss on your fucking face!...You nasty little whore!...Oohhh That's a GOOD
slut!...Keep you mouth open just like that so that I can piss in
it!...Oohhh...Now flush, toilet-whore!...GOOD!  Open up again
bitch!...Yyeess...Drink Mommy's piss like a good little cunt! Ha, ha... Keep
flushing, daughter-toilet...Uuhhmmmm"

Pig-Cunt slowly rolled her hips as she washed her daughter in her piss.  Lucy
also moved her head in a slow, wide circle for her mother. Lucy loved it when
her mother soaked her fine, blonde hair in her piss. Lucy moaned as she caught a
clump of her piss soaked hair in her mouth and sucked the piss from it. Piss ran
down her back and into the crack of her ass and cunt, causing her to squirm on
the carpet.

Lucy tilted her smiling face up to her mother's cunt. Lucy giggled when her
mother pissed up her nose before filling her young mouth with piss.  Lucy looked
into her laughing mother's eyes as she let her mouth fill with hot piss before
swallowing. Her mother and Mrs. Hammer looked at each other and smiled at the
delightful sound of Lucy's mouth filling with piss. Lucy snorted, sending a rush
of piss cascading down her chin, coating her chest.

"Ohhh Mommy! Piss in my fucking face...Ohhh...I love being your piss-whore...
Uhhmmm...So good...Wash your little cunt-daughter's hair in your piss, Mommy.
Piss all over your little bitch!... Please let me have your piss all of time!
Let me be your little piss-pig!...Mmmmm...OH! I like THAT!  Piss up my nose
again!..Hhmmp!...Mrs..(glug)...Hammer!...Can you see Mommy pissing all over this
little cunt?...hhmmpp...Watch this!...Mommy!...Show Mrs.  Hammer how you can
piss up your slut's nose!...(glug)..Hmmmm..." "Ha, ha, ha...You little
pig!...Take your mother's piss all over your stupid little piss-slut head!...Ha,
ha, ha. PIG-CUNT!!!...Drown your whore-daughter in your fucking piss, you
useless bitch!...Uugghhh...Fucking cunts!  ...uhhmm..." Mrs. Hammer cackled as
another orgasm waved over her.  "MORE!!!...Mommy more!...More piss!
Please...don't stop...Oohhhh...I want more piss , Mommy...Please?...Oohhh...I
loved to be pissed on, Mommy" Lucy whined as her mother's piss slowed to a
trickle, and the stop.

Her mother did manage one last squirt of piss which hit Lucy in her left eye.
Lucy's begging turned into slurping sounds as she fastened her mouth on her
mother's wet cunt and began to nurse. Her mother grabbed the back of Lucy's head
and tried to pull her into her cunt as her daughter attacked her cunt.

"Uhhmm... don't worry my little bitch-cunt daughter...Uhhmmm...Mommy has a
wonderful surprise for her little whore. Oohh...Now stop eating Mommies cunt,
you fucking slut!...Mmmmm...Lay back and open your piss-catcher of a mouth, and
Mommy has a wonderful treat for the little bitch." Lucy's mother said with a
smirk as she pushed Lucy to the floor and spit in her open mouth.

"Oh Mommy! Do something really nasty to me...Piss on me!...Fuck me!...Hit me!...
Spit on me!...Uughhh...Treat me like the stupid little fuck-toy I am!...
oohhhh...I'm so horny Mommy! Can I play with my slut-cunt?...Can I Mommy!...
Your little whore needs to cum some more!" Lucy began to wiggle on the floor.
Lucy slid her hands up and down her sides waiting for permission to play with
her cunt. The little slut kept her eyes closed and mouth open as she waited to
be used again.

"Mistress?...May my whore-daughter play with her cunt? The little bitch does
look awfully horny, Ma'am...Is it OK if the slut cums again? The cunt was a good
fuck-bitch for Damian and she was a good piss-whore for me...May she?" Lucy's
mother asked.

"You fucking cunts are almost more trouble than you are fucking worth... Luckily
for your slut Damian seemed to like cumming in the little whore... Alright...Go
ahead you fucking slut-whore!...Cum!...But be fast, We can't be worried about if
you get to cum or not. You should know by now, that doesn't matter AT ALL!!...As
for YOU, hurry UP!...I have to leave and I want to see you do to your daughter
what I said, bitch"

Mrs. Hammer said impatiently as she leaned back in her chair, stroking her cunt. 

"Thank you Ma'am...Go ahead, Lucy-cunt...Cum for Mommy while I get your treat
ready. Be a good bitch for Mommy"

Lucy could hear movement in the room, but had no idea what wonderful surprise
her mother had planned for her...As she pinched her left nipple and slid three
fingers into her sopping wet cunt, she hoped it would be something REALLY
disgusting. Lucy came when she saw a shadow cross her young, beautiful face and
felt her mother's spit splatter her cheek.  The young girl opened her mouth wide
for her mother to spit in, when suddenly her mouth filled with liquid. The two
adult women erupted in fresh laughter as little Lucy choked and sputtered.

"Ha, ha, ha...This is GREAT!...Hey bitch-cunt!...Slut!...SURPRISE! You can open
your eyes now. Ha, ha, ha..." Mrs. Hammer laughed.

When the sputtering Lucy opened her eyes, her mother couldn't resist the urge to
spit in her eyes. She heard her mother's laughter join the Mistresses as she
blinked her mother's spittle clear. Lucy was afraid she was drowning. But when
her eyes focused on the dark shape over her face, her fear exploded into another
orgasm.

"Take it you little bitch!...Now you know just what kind of a slut-bitch you
are! Ha, ha, ha..."

Lucy's mother laughed. Damian seemed to smile down at little Lucy as her mother
directed his pissing cock all over her face. Lucy couldn't stop cumming as she
drank the dog's piss. After the initial 'surprise', her mother was squeezing
Damian's cock to regulate his piss flow into her daughter's face. Lucy's mother,
and Mrs. Hammer too, wanted to enjoy the spectacle of the little girl being a
dog's urinal for as long as possible. Damian would from Lucy, and back to her
mother as the woman squeezed his cock. Lucy leaned up, hoping to catch Damian's
pissing cock between her lips so she wouldn't miss any of the dog's hot piss.

Lucy's mother had other plans. When she saw what her daughter was trying to do,
she directed the stream of dog-piss into Lucy's bright, blue eyes. The
piss-blinded Lucy searched for the elusive pissing dog-cock with her open mouth
in vain. She shuddered through another intense cum when her mother aimed the
dog's cock to her hair. As dog piss soaked her blonde hair and ran down every
part of her head, she could hear her mother and Mrs. Hammer laugh.

"Take that dog piss, you bitch-cunt!"
"Fucking stupid cunt!"
"WHORE"

"Piss on your new bitch, Damian."
"Dog-slut!"
"Piss-Bitch!"

"Make him piss in your slut-daughter's mouth some more, pig!"

"See Mistress!...Damian is marking the slut as his now!...He  wants the whore!"

"I wish my sons were here to see the dog-urinal...We'll have to do this a lot!"

"Yes Ma'am...I knew she would be a good dog-whore!...Drink dog-piss, baby!"
"Maybe your sons would like to take her to school for show-and-tell?... I'm sure
a lot of the kids and teachers would like to see a dog-piss-whore, Ma'am."

"Hey piss-head!...I might plant you in my front yard!"

"Oohh YES, Mistress! Do it to her!...You could video tape Damian pissing in my
bitch-daughter's face and send it to that Funniest Video's TV Show!"

"HA, ha, ha, ha, ha................"

Lucy couldn't stop cumming. The way her mother and Mrs. Hammer were talking
about her made her hotter and hotter. Her mother would let the dog fill her
mouth with piss. Then her mother would squeeze his cock, cutting off the piss
flow, do give her time to swallow it down. While little Lucy was 'flushing', her
mother would let just a small spurt of his piss hit her face, or hair. But the
dog's piss didn't last long enough for any of the three.

Lucy's mother sensed Damian was running out of piss. With a chuckle she pulled
her daughter's face close to the dog's pissing cock. She stuck the tip of the
dog's cock into her daughter's nose. Mrs. Hammer and her mother laughed again
when Damian sent the last three spurts of his piss into the little girl's
sinuses. Lucy came again as she snorted the hot dog-piss like cocaine.

Damian gave a final shudder when he was finished marking his new bitch.  With a
whimper he tried to pull away from the mother and daughter slut team, but Lucy's
mother held fast to his cock. With a smile she slid the hairy sheath down
uncovering his entire cock. Lucy was still blinking from the sting of fresh, hot
dog-piss washing out her sinuses, but the thick, long, red-mottled dog cock
fascinated her. Mrs. Hammer giggled when she noticed Lucy staring at the
dog-cock her mother had unveiled. Mrs. Hammer walked over to the young slut,
mother and dog.  She scratched Damian's ear as she kicked little Lucy in her
spasming, young cunt. Lucy's mother flashed the woman a lewd grin. 

"My slut-daughter liked that Ma'am...Go ahead...Kick the little dogslut's cunt
again...Lucy!...Spread those little whore-legs of yours a little so Mrs. Hammer
can have a good shot at kicking your fucking cunt!...She might even shove her
foot in your cunt!...Wouldn't that be nice, bitch?... THERE!...Go ahead
Mistress! The bitch is ready. Kick her cunt!...Kick the little toilet-whore's
cunt HARD! Ha, ha, ha..."

She did. Lucy's ass came off of the floor about 10 inches when Mrs.  Hammer's
foot entered the young slut's cunt. Even through the pain and the orgasm it gave
the little slut, Lucy never took her eyes from the dripping, red dog-cock her
mother was holding in front of her young face.

"Heh, heh...Look at your bitch-daughter!...The fucking cunt can't take her eyes
off Damian's cock...The little BITCH!..Ha. ha, ha...Hey Bitch-Lucy!... Want some
more dog-piss?...Huh slut?...Want me to send your whore of a mother out for some
more dogs to use your slut-mouth for their cum-dump and piss-pot? Ha, ha,
ha...Of course you do...Fucking bitch-cunt! Your slut-daughter is going to be
fun for everyone. She might even turn out to be a bigger pig-whore than you,
cunt. Wouldn't that be something?...Heh, heh... Oohhh...I'm going to have SOOoo
much fun thinking up little games for the cunt to play!" the laughing woman said
as she wiggled her foot around Lucy's cunt.

Lucy's mother winked at the woman saying, "Ma'am?...I hope you and Carl let me
suggest some things to do to my little bitch-cunt...I can think of a LOT of
stuff to put my little girl through...Lots of nasty... NASTY stuff!" Mrs. Hammer
smiled at the mother, leaned over, and slapped her face.

"I'm sure you can, slut...I'm sure you can! Well...Time is short, pig." She said
with a chuckle. Pig-Cunt looked back at her daughter and laughed at the dreamy
look on the young girl's face.

"Ha, ha, ha...You ARE a little pig-slut, aren't you dear?...Did you like the
dog-piss?...Mmmm?...My little Lucy-cunt likes it when dogs piss in her
slut-face, doesn't she? Come on...You can tell Mommy. Does Mommy's little whore
like being dog-slut?...Does the piggy want more dogs to use her mouth for a
bitch's cunt?...And does the whore want more dogs to use her mouth and face for 
a dog-urinal?...Does Mommy's little baby like getting kicked in her
slut-cunt?...Well?...Does the little cunt?...Ooohhh...I see...You want
this...Don't you slut? You want Mommy to put this dog-cock back into your
top-cunt...Right, slut?...Well little bitch, the cunt has to answer Mommy before
Mommy will give the slut a nice dog-cock to suck." Lucy's mother said in a
teasing voice as she waved Damian's cock around Lucy's face.

"Yes Mommy...I do! I've loved everything you and everyone have done to me! Are
you proud of me, Mommy? Am I being a good slut?...Do you think Damian likes
me?...I mean, likes me enough for me to be his new bitch? I hope so Mommy!...I
really liked it when Damian fucked my mouth...Uh...I mean, my top-cunt, Mommy.
Did you see how much cum he gave this bitch?...Wasn't that a LOT?...He liked
cumming in my face, didn't he Mommy?...Ohhh...I hope so. I want him to fuck my
mouth-cunt a lot. Can we ask Mrs. Hammer if Damian can spend a couple of days a
week with us? I want him to fuck me over and over and over...Just like a bitch
should...Maybe Damian has some doggy friends that would like to fuck this little
dog-whore...OH! I know now!...You pissed in my face so Damian would
too...COOL!..That's how he knew I was a piss-slut!...Right Mommy?...Uhhh...If
sometime when Damian is over, and say Carl takes you someplace for a rape, will
it work if I piss in my own face?...I mean, to get Damian to piss on his
fuck-bitch... Will that work Mommy? I want Damian to piss on me every time he
fucks me...Can I?...Is that OK Mommy?...You know I'll always be your toilet too,
but I'd like everything that sticks a cock in me to piss on me too... That's
what sluts like me are for!...Right Mommy?" Lucy asked as she started
finger-fucking her mother's cunt.

"Yes Lucy-cunt...You are right. You should always let anyone piss on you that
want too. Or let anyone do ANYTHING to you that they want too...You are just a
cunt...That's all. You only purpose in like is to be a good piece of
fuck-meat...a good rape-toy...a good toilet...or whatever that anyone...or
anything...wants you to...Now...Be a good bitch for Mommy and open your
cock-hole. Open wide and Mommy will shove this nice dog-cock in your mouth. To
be a really good pig-slut, you have to at least offer to clean any cocks that
were shoved into any of your fuck-holes... A lot of the men that are going to
rape you have wives and girlfriends. You don't want them to go home with any of
your slut-slime on their cocks and get into trouble with their wives, and
all...That's not polite!...If they are nice enough to rape you, then you should
be nice enough to clean any trace that they were with a bitch-cunt, like
you...or me. OK?... Good slut!...Here it comes. Now just clean Damian's cock...I
know...It's hard not to want to get him to fuck your mouth-cunt again, but he
has to go home. Just clean all of your slut-slime, his cum and his piss from his
cock...That's my bitch...Suck him easy...Don't worry my little whore. Carl will
be home soon...And I bet he will want to rape you too...He might even take my
little slut to where there are a LOT of men who want to rape a little cunt like
you...That's is SSOOO CUTE! Mommy loves to see you choke on a cock! Do it again!
Choke yourself on Damian's cock!...Ha, ha, ha...I love to see that!...Such a
good little fuck-slut daughter! You know Carl LOVES to choke-fuck sluts...He has
a special harness that he uses on me sometimes...It locks my face to his crotch
so that I keep his lovely cock in my throat for as long as he wants. I'll ask
him to put it on you.  You're small enough that he can walk around with his cock
stuck in your whore's throat. Won't that be fun, bitch?"

"Did I hear my name, cunt?...What are you telling your fucking slut-daughter
now, Pig?" Carl said, startling the mother and daughter. "Here bitch...Help me
with this. I need to piss."

Lucy's mother pulled Carl's thick cock from his pants and pointed it at her
daughter's face.

She laughed as her daughter sputtered on the fresh rush of piss in her young
face.
To be continued......
Comments?  Email stevedema@hotmail.com




The Creation Of Cumbag
Chapter 5
By Steve Dema

Lucy woke up when her mother threw her into the bathtub. The last thing the
little girl remembered was everything going black as Carl pissed into her mouth.
Her mother was angry.

"Wake up, you fucking slut. WAKE UP!....Dumb bitch. I let you sleep as long as I
can, whore. I can't believe you passed out when Carl crammed his pissing cock
down your fucking throat! You ungrateful little cunt! It's lucky for you Carl is
such a nice man. He thought you should get some rest, cunt. But don't you ever
embarrass me like that again, whore. You are going to have to learn to hold your
breath longer. Now get your slutty ass cleaned up! I have laid your clothes out
on your bed, cunt. So hurry up. Then come into the living room when you're ready
bitch!" her mother screamed as she slammed the bathroom door.

As Lucy bathed she remembered all of the fun things that had happened that day.
She came as she crammed the bar of soap into her tiny cunt. She quickly finished
her bath, dried off and ran into her room. There on her bed were the clothes her
mother had told her about. All she saw was one of her white school tops and one
of her school dress. She was glad there weren't any panties. When she picked up
her top, she smiled. Letters had been added to her white top. It now read
'Fuckpig in training'. She slipped in on and the giggled when she noticed the
two little holes that had been cut into it exposing her nipples. Lucy put on her
plaid school uniform dress being careful not to cover her nipples with the dress
straps. When she did, she noticed how short it was. Her mother must have
shortened it. It barely covered her cunt, but the bottom of her ass peaked from
under it. Lucy smiled. She brushed her hair. She put her long, shiny blonde hair
into pigtails and went into the living room. Her eyes went wide when she opened
the door.

Her mother was on her knees in the middle of the room. Eight black men were
standing all around her. They were laughing as they jerked her head from one
cock to the next, fucking her throat.

Lucy recognized them. They were part of a gang that her school friends had
warned her about. She used to be afraid of them. Now, she hoped they wanted to
fuck her. Lucy had to have those big, black cocks in her.

Carl smiled when he saw the little girl standing there and waved Lucy over to
him. Lucy bounced across the room. Her little ass swayed in an exaggerated strut
which sent the bottom of her dress flying, exposing her ass and cunt. She winked
at the men fucking her mother's mouth as she sashayed by them with her pigtails
swinging. Lucy smiled as she crawled into the big man's lap and started sucking
her thumb as she watched her mother getting throat fucked. All of the men became
silent as they stared at the little girl. Lucy spread her legs and began to
slide a finger in and out of her little cunt as the men held their big, black
cocks in her direction.

"Well it's about time you joined us, you little whore. We are getting bored with
your mother. Look how selfish your slut-mother is...Keeping all of those cocks
to herself. Why don't you ask her to share with you....You do want some cocks,
don't you slut?" Carl asked with a wink.

Lucy flashed him a smile as she nodded her head and sucked the finger she had
been fucking herself with. She jumped from his lap and ran to the circle of men.
The men grinned as they stepped back letting the little girl in. Lucy smiled up
at the men but kept glancing at their swinging cocks. Lucy giggled at her mother
when the last man pulled his cock free of her mouth. Her mother smiled back.

"Oh....Hi Lucy-cunt. Mommy is glad you finally came out. Look what Mommy has for
you, my little slut. Look at all of the nice, juicy cocks Mommy has for her
little whore. Does my sweet little Lucy want some nice big, black
cocks?....Hmmmmmm...Well?...Do you....SLUT!" her mother said as she paused to
lick a giant black cock. Lucy licked her lips.

"Oh yes Mommy, I do! Look how big they are Mommy! May I  have some of the pretty
black cocks Mommy? They look so good! Let me suck some Mommy.....Please?...I
want them to stick their pretty cocks in all of my fuck holes Mommy" Lucy whined
as her mother laughed.

The men all stood back as she pulled her daughter in front of her and then
turned Lucy around so that she was facing the crowd of men. Lucy began to suck
her thumb as she twisted side to side as she stared at the men...and their
cocks.

"This little whore is my daughter. Her name is Lucy, but the little bitch
answers to anything. You can call her slut, cunt, bitch, whore, pig....Anything.
Ha ha ha....(Lucy nodded eagerly). She is just a little cunt. You can see by the
shirt the little whore is wearing that she is a 'Fuckpig in training'. So
please, feel free to fuck this little whore into the dirt....Lucy, turn around.
Let Mommy show the nice men your little whore's ass....Look at this slut's ass
guys. Isn't it sweet?...(spreading Lucy's ass cheeks)...Look at this tight
little asshole. Wouldn't you guys just love to cram your cocks into it and fuck
this bitch's ass off? Look how tight this fuckhole is...I can barely get my
finger in it...see? You know this ass would feel GREAT stretched around your
nice, big cocks. Bend over and spread your legs wider, Lucy. Let the men see
your cunt....Look at the little bitch's cunt! See how wet it is?...Lucy-cunt
loves to be fucked really hard. So...Feel free to slam-fuck this bitch as hard
as you want. Isn't she a nasty little whore?....OK Lucy....turn back around.
Open your mouth. Show them how wide you can open your mouth...Who wants to stuff
their cock in my little girl's mouth?...hehehe...We hope you do, don't we
Lucy-cunt. Lucy's mouth is just another cunt...In fact, I call it her
'top-cunt'...If you fuck her mouth, don't worry about hurting her. She likes to
have cocks fucking her throat. Why don't you talk to the men, little whore. See
if you can get any of them to rape you. You know how much Mommy loves to see her
little whore-daughter getting raped!" Lucy's mother said with a smirk as she
pushed her toward the men.

Lucy stumbled and fell in front of  the men. They formed a circle around the
little as they stroked their cocks. Some were pointing at Lucy and talking to
each other. Others were just drinking beer as they watched the show. Lucy's cunt
began to drip.

"Mommy's right...I am just a little whore! I know I'm just a little girl but I
can make you cum soooo  good...I really can!....Look at my little ass
again....Would someone please shove a cock in it?...Please?...I'll wiggle my ass
really good for you!....Look at my little hot cunt....It needs fucked so
bad!...See how wet it is?...Can you see my little clit?. It's so red! I'm a good
cocksucker too...You can fuck my mouth like it's a cunt. Mommy says my mouth is
my top-cunt! So fuck it hard!...When you rape me, please rape me hard. I won't
break!...Fuck me like the little slut I am. You can spit on me...you can slap
me...you can twist these little nipples of mine as hard as you can...I won't
mind. I promise. I even like my little cunt kicked. Just fuck me like a cunt.
That's all I am...Just a fucking cunt...When you guys are finished fucking me, I
want you to piss on me. Piss on this little whore. Show Mommt what you think of
her little cunt-daughter!...And please call me nasty names! I loved to be called
a slut, or a whore, or a cunt and stuff. I get so hot when you do." Lucy begged
as she shoved two fingers into her little cunt.

Lucy's mother grabbed Lucy's pigtails and held her in front of three giant black
men. She held Lucy's pigtails straight out from her head. The little blonde girl
was giggling as she looked up at the men.

"My daughter hasn't had any black cock yet...Would you men like to fuck my
daughter's mouth? She really is a good cocksucker...Fuck the little whore's
mouth. Turn my daughter into your little white cocksucking cunt! Make my little
girl into a black cock slut"

The three men laughed as they pulled on long, thick black cocks. Lucy's eyes
went wide as she saw them. Each cock looked as big as her arm. Lucy felt her
mother drop her pigtails to grab the sides of Lucy's head. Lucy stared up at the
center man and wiggled her tongue through her wet lips. He slapped his meaty
cock across the little girl's nose. His two friends chuckled and began to
cock-whip the little slut too. Lucy held her mouth open as she turned head from
side to side hoping one of the men would shove his cock into her young throat.

"Yeah bitch!....I'll feed your daughter some of this black cock! But I don't
care if your little girl is a good cocksucker or not. I'm gonna fuck her mouth
like a cunt!...Hold her head tight for me. I'm gonna see if the little whore can
take it all....Is that alright with you, bitch?...You don't care if I use your
baby's mouth for a cunt, do ya?" Tyrone asked as he bounced his cock off of
Lucy's nose.

Lucy's mother tightened her grip on her daughters head and chuckled as the other
two men crowded in on her daughter.

"Open your moth wide, Lucy. These men are going to fuck your mouth like a cunt
for Mommy...Open it up, slut!...Make your mouth into a cunt so he can rape
it....No sir! I don't mind at all!....Fuck this little cunt's mouth as hard as
you want. Lucy here is just a cock receptacle, so please...Fuck the little
bitch!...Treat this little white whore like the gutter-slut she is.
Please...Consider my daughter your fuckpig!" she answered the man.

He flashed a white smile at his friends as he shoved his cock into the little
girl's mouth. Lucy's eyes closed as her mother held her head in place for the
man to fuck. He pushed forward until 10 inches of his cock was buried in the
little girl's throat. Men pointed and laughed at the thick bulge his cock made
in the girl's throat.

"Come on you fucking little white slut! Take all of my cock! Get it all down,
you fucking bitch!" he screamed as he slapped her face. Tears began to well up
in Lucy's eyes as she tried to get more of his cock into her mouth. Lucy's
mother pushed as hard as she could, forcing her daughter's mouth onto his huge
cock. Lucy tried to relax her throat some more as she corkscrewed her mouth on
to the cock, but it was useless. Lucy's mother had an idea and jumped up. Lucy's
head bobbed back without her mother holding her head and men laughed at the
gagging girl. Lucy's mother put her foot on the back of her daughter's head.
This gave her the leverage she needed. She pushed until Lucy's nose was pressed
into his wiry pubic hair. The room filled with applause. Lucy heard her mother
grunt as she spoke to him.

"There!....The little bitch's throat is stretched now!...Now you can fuck
her!....Do it!!!....I'll help you!...Fuck my little whore's throat!"

She pulled her foot away from Lucy's head. Everyone laughed as her little head
sprang back from his cock. He grabbed Lucy's head as he began to fuck her mouth.
On each down stroke her mother would push Lucy's head onto the cock. After about
thirty strokes, he pulled his cock out of the little girl's throat and mouth.
His thick cock left her mouth with a loud 'POP'. The man on the left grabbed one
of Lucy's pigtails, turning her head toward him. His cock was smaller but not by
much. Lucy reached around and grabbed his ass, driving her mouth down on the
leaking, delicious cock. The room got quiet as the men listened to the wet,
gurgling sounds the cock hungry little whore made as she slobbered her mouth up
and down his black shaft. More and more of his pre-cum dribbled onto her tongue,
whetting her appetite. The taste drove little Lucy wild with anticipation.
Suddenly, the man fucking her mouth laughed and hit her in the forehead,
bouncing her off of her cock. Lucy started up at the man in disbelief.

"Nnnnooooooo....Please! Fuck my mouth!...Fuck my mouth some more! Your cum!...I
need it!...Please! Fuck this little whore's mouth some more and feed me your
jizz!....Plea...." her whining was cut off when the third man yanked her head
around and began to fuck her tiny mouth. Lucy worked her tongue over the cock.
She was grateful. At least she had a cock in her mouth. Just then, her mother
kicked her in her cunt from behind. Lucy came, her eyes crossing as she stared
down the thick, black shaft fucking her mouth.

Little Lucy was getting her throat reamed. Each man would fuck his cock deep
into the little girl's throat. She couldn't breath with the thick cocks plugging
her throat. He would pull out just before Lucy passed out from lack of oxygen...
Everyone would laugh when Lucy would start to spasm, especially her mother.

"Ha, ha, ha...Look at my little whore shake! Ha, ha, ha....That's it!...Fuck her
mouth!...Fuck her mouth HARD! Choke the bitch...Choke my fucking slut-daughter!"
her mother said as she pushed on Lucy's head with her foot.

"Yeah you fucking little white slut...Get ready bitch....Uuugggg...."

Lucy's eyes went wild at her first taste of cum. Thick ropes of black cum shot
into her throat as she gulped hot, thick lumpy cum down. Her mother stepped on
her head forcing his thick, black cock deep into her throat as Lucy began to
choke on the thick, hot salty cum. The other two men laughed at the choking girl
as they slapped her pretty face with their thick, black, heavy cocks. One of the
men leaned over and spit in Lucy's face. The other two men joined in. Thick wads
of spit splattered her face as she struggled to swallow  cum. She heard her
mother laugh.

"That's the way to treat the fucking slut! Spit on the bitch!...Fill her fucking
throat with cum...Don't stop!...Empty your balls in my whore-daughter's throat!
Ha, ha, ha...Choke the little fuckpig!...Eat that man's cum, you fucking stupid
little CUNT!" her mother laughed.

The cock fucking her throat was suddenly pulled out of her mouth. Cum poured
over Lucy's chin in a sticky wave. Giant cum bubbles escaped from her mouth as
she struggled to breathe, but she kept her mouth open hoping another cock would
be shoved into her mouth. She didn't have to wait long.

"Take my cock, you fucking little pig!...Aarrggg...SUCK IT!" Leroy yelled as he
speared his cock deep into the little girl's throat. Cum bubbled from her nose
as she moaned around his meaty black cock. Lucy gagged as her mother grabbed the
back of her head, slamming her face up and down the big, black cock.

"Suck it cunt!...Let that big cock fuck your goddamned little throat, you
bitch!...Open up, slut!...Take it all!...Take every fucking inch into you
cocksucking mouth, you little whore!" her mother hissed.

Lucy slurped on the thick, juicy, black cock as it reamed her little throat.
Lucy would gag as her mother pushed her head down on it but little Lucy didn't
care. In the distance, Lucy could hear the obscene encouragements of her mother
and the men. Their filthy words caused her little cunt to juice up, but that
wasn't important either. All that mattered was the giant cock throbbing in her
throat. Lucy began to cum as she felt heavy, wet cocks being rubbed all over her
face and head. She looked up into the grinning face of a fat black man with gold
teeth as he wrapped one of her long, blonde pigtails around his jet black cock
and started to stroke his dripping cock. Lucy gave him a small wink which
started him laughing. The cock that her mother was cramming her young head down
on was rudely pulled from Lucy's mouth. A thick white strand of cum and spit
stretched from his shiny cock back to her lips like a sloppy rope. Lucy started
to whine at the loss.

Just then the cock erupted and a huge glob of thick cum hit Lucy right between
her eyes. She squealed with glee as the next spurt of cum shot between her lips,
into her open mouth. Lucy moaned as she rolled cum around her tongue before
swallowing it and opened her mouth, begging for more.

"More!!!...Please!...Give me more! Cum all over this little
cunt!....Mmmmm....Give me more cum!...Oohhhh...I love your cum!...Splatter me
with it like a slut should be!...Use my mouth for your cumdump!" Lucy whined.

The man who was jerking off in her hair started to cum also. He aimed his cock
at her little face as a thick wad of jizz glued her right eye shut. Lucy jerked
her head to catch his cum in her mouth, but her mother turned her head the
opposite direction. Lucy cooed when she felt the wet splat of cum from another
cock hit her face. Lucy held her mouth open and wagged her tongue as her mother
twisted her head from one spurting cock to another.

"Ohhh..That's so GOOD! Cum all over my slut of a daughter! Splatter my little
whore with all of your nasty, hot cum!....Hold your mouth open wide, you stupid
whore! Hold it open so all of these nice men can cum in your fucking
mouth!...You fucking CUNT!....Ha, ha, ha....Such a nasty little whore! Cum all
over her!...Cum in her eyes! I don't care!...Splatter this little slut good!
Drown the little bitch in cum!" her mother cackled.

"Oh YES!!!...Do what Mommy says! Cum all over my slutty face! Cum
everywhere!...I'm just a fucking slut! Treat me like one!...Cum all over my face
so Mommy can see that I'm a good little whore!" Lucy begged as she came.

Lucy choked when the first man to cum shoved his cock into her mouth. Lucy
nursed on it like a calf to its mother.

"Clean my cock, you fucking pig!...Suck every drop of cum out, you little
whore!...Hey...BITCH!...Shove your daughter's head down my cock!...Make the
little slut take it all!" he laughed as Lucy's mother did as she was told.

The other two men's cocks ran dry as they waited their turn at the little girl's
mouth. Cum filled Lucy's right eye. Cum dribbled off of her nose and chin as a
thick mess of cock-slop slowly rolled down her left cheek. One after another
they laughed as Lucy cleaned their dripping cocks. Lucy swallowed mouthful after
mouthful of steaming hot cum as she coaxed the last of their cum from their big,
black, heavy balls. Lucy looked up at the grinning black men and winked, even
though one eye was burning and had turned red from all of the cum shot in it.
Little Lucy's mouth was sore and her tongue felt heavy. But she wanted more. She
needed more as she opened her mouth, sticking her wet tongue out. Her mother was
determined to help her get what she needed.

"Who's next?...Who wants to fuck my daughter's mouth next?...Come on....Ha, ha,
ha...Don't be shy. Lucy is a good little cocksucker. Aren't you dear? (Lucy
smiled and nodded)...If you prefer, just fuck her mouth. Fuck my daughter's
mouth like it is a cunt!. Your cocksucking mouth IS just a cunt, isn't it baby?
(Lucy nodded her head even harder as she winked) I know!...Let's do this. Let me
see if I can stretch her mouth wide enough for two of you can fuck the little
whore's mouth at once....Now....Shove some cocks in!" her mother exclaimed as
she hooked her fingers into the corners of Lucy's mouth and pulled.

Lucy looked up at the two men that were about to cram their cocks into her
little mouth and wiggled her tongue at them. They put their two thick cocks
together and pushed them into her mouth. As her mouth filled with the two cocks
her mother pulled her fingers out of Lucy's mouth to give them more room. Lucy
flicked her tongue over the cocks and moaned as she tasted the trickle of
pre-cum slid down her sucking throat. They could only get their huge cock-heads
and a couple of inches of their cocks into her little mouth, but that was enough
to give Lucy a small orgasm. Her mother grabbed the back of her head and grinned
up at the men.

"Fuck my little bitch!...Fuck her mouth! Fuck the slut!...Ha, ha, ha...That's
it...Choke my whore-daughter! Lucy!...Open your cocksucking mouth as wide as you
can, you fucking pig!....Let those cocks rape your damn throat!...Here...Mommy
will help her little whore!" the young mother said with a laugh as she pushed on
Lucy's head, forcing more of the cocks into her mouth.

"That's it, cunt...Slam yo little girl's mouth up and down on our cocks!...Gonna
fuck this bitch's mouth like a cunt!...Hell....We might even throat fuck your
little whore to death!" one of the men rasped as he fucked his cock in as much
as he could.

Lucy's mother laughed as she kept slamming her daughter's head up and down the
big, black cocks. Lucy began to choke on the cocks but kept her tongue wagging
over them. Slobber ran out of her mouth, cascading over her chin and dripped to
her thighs. As Lucy snorted through her nose, little cum bubbles would appear
and pop. Lucy came again when the men starting spitting in her face.

One of the cocks began to tremble. Then the other one began to twitch. Pre-cum
flooded her throat as Lucy desperately swallowed the delicious cock juice.
Lucy's eyes went wide as cum shot from her nose as the two men began to empty
their balls into the little girl's mouth. Lucy's mother applauded as the tiny
girl coughed and chocked on the two spasming cocks.

"Fill her mouth!....Drown my little whore with your cum! Choke on it, bitch
Drink that hot cum, you worthless fucking cocksucker!" her mother shouted as she
pressed Lucy's head down on the spurting cocks.

Lucy swallowed as fast as she could. With the cocks planted so deep in her
throat, she couldn't breathe. She began to get dizzy with the lack of oxygen.
Thick waves of sticky cum poured from her nose and leaked from the corners of
her mouth. The last thing the little girl remembered was her mother laughing as
she passed out.




The Creation Of Cumbag
Chapter 6
By Steve Dema


When Lucy woke up she was on her back, staring up at her mother's cunt.. Her
mother was on top of her holding her legs. She was making her knees touch the
floor on either side of the little girl's head. Lucy felt her ass cheeks being
spread wide by her mother.

"Go on...Shove your cock in her fucking ass. That will wake the little whore
up!...Just cram it in and fuck this little whore like the slut she is!" Lucy
heard her mother say.

With a chuckle the man grunted and shoved his cock into the little girl's ass.
Lucy screamed.

"Mommy!!!...It hurts!...Make him take it out Mommy!...It's too big!
Mommy!...PLEASE!...Get him to fuck my little cunt Mommy!...His cock is too big!"
the helpless little girl wailed.

"So....My little whore decided to wake up, eh?...You fucking whore! This will
teach you to pass out just because you have some cocks in your throat! You told
me you were going to be a good whore for Mommy!...Good little whore's don't pass
out...BITCH! Now...Stop your fucking complaining and fuck him back, you little
slut....Here...Mommy will shut your fucking mouth for you, cunt...Eat my cunt,
you little whore!" Lucy's mother said.

Lucy's screams were cut off when her mother dropped her slimy cunt onto Lucy's
face. Instinctively Lucy began to lap at her mother's musky cunt. As she
slobbered away on her mother's clit, her mother let loose a stream of hot piss
that shot into the little girl's mouth.

"Drink Mommy's piss, you little whore. Suck Mommy's cunt like a good little slut
and drink her piss while the nice man fuck's your slutty ass
off!....Mmmmmm....That's a good whore!....Hmmmm...Oh YES!....Fuck her!...Fuck
the little bitch's ass! Ha ha ha....Come on...You can fuck my daughter's ass
harder than that!...She needs it fucked hard!....Don't you, cunt?"

Lucy stopped guzzling her mother's hot piss to answer. When she did, her
mother's piss washed her face. Lucy slowly rolled her head side to side under
the hot yellow stream as it washed away the dried cum.

"Oohhh..Mommy!....It feels  good now, Mommy. Oh yes!....Please listen to Mommy!.
She's right!...I DO need my ass fucked hard. Fuck me!....Fuck this little slut's
ass HARD!...Mmmmm....Harder!...Mommy! Make him fuck me harder Mommy! Please!
Uugggh...Oh...So GOOD!....He's fucking your little whore SO good
Mommy!...Hmmmm....I'm going to cum, Mommy! Your little cunt is going to cum
again. Harder!...Make him fuck this slutbitch harder!....Mommy!...Piss in my
face Mommy...Please! Piss in my face so I can cum!...Ooohhhhh.....Your little
whore is cumming Mommy!...Uugghh...Fuck the slut!" Lucy wailed as her little
body shook with a giant orgasm.

Lucy's mother chuckled as she spurted the last of her piss. It squirted right
into Lucy's eyes, but no one cared. When Lucy started shaking it triggered the
man fucking her ass. He clinched his teeth as he came deep in the little girl's
tight ass.

"Take it all you fucking little white pig-slut! You fucking little cum-whore!
Aarrrggg...Take my cum, you fucking little whore!...Hummmm.." the man gasped as
Lucy's mother grabbed his ass, pulling him deep into her daughter's ass.

"Fill the whore up!...Dump your balls in my little bitch!...Deeper!....Fill my
daughter's ass with your cum...Turn this little whore into a cumbag!...Fuck him
back, you stupid slut! Fuck him back and he might give you more cum!....Fucking
whore! Ha, ha ha....YEAH!...I want this whore so full of cum that she
sloshes!...Fill the bitch up!"

When his balls were emptied into the trembling little girl he yanked his cock
out with a thud. Lucy's mother smiled as she saw the trickle of cum leak from
her daughter's ass. She tilted her head down and licked up the dribbling cum as
she wormed her tongue into her daughter's ass.

"Oh...Mommy!...That feels so good! Mmmmm....More!...Get me more cock Mommy! Get
someone else to fuck my little ass!....Fuck me...Please! Somebody fuck my little
slut's ass! Hmmmm....More! Fuck the slut some more! Please!" Lucy whimpered as
she went back to sucking her mother's cunt. Lucy's mother raised her sticky face
from her daughter's ass and looked up at the men.

"You heard the little cunt....Who wants to fuck my little whore next?...How
about you?...Want to fuck this little white cunt's ass?...Do you? Come
on!...Won't it be fun to fuck this whore? Here....I'll spread the bitch's ass
wide for you...Now...Just cram your cock in! Fuck this little slut!...Fuck the
little pigslut HARD! Show my fucking slut of a daughter how a cunt like her
should be fucked!" she whined as she ground her cunt all over her daughter's
face.

One of the black men lay beside Lucy and grabbed her mother's hair, jerking her
face toward him. With his other hand he held a 12 inch cock straight up. The
young mother's mouth watered as she stared at the thick, black cock as he waved
it at her.

"I want to fuck the little bitch's pussy. Be a good mother, you god damned
whore...Bring the slut over here and shove her down on this big cock...you
CUNT!...I want to fuck your little girl next...Is that alright with you?" the
man snarled.

She laughed as she jumped up and grabbed Lucy's pigtails. Lucy scrambled to keep
up with her mother as she was drug over the man. Lucy moaned as she felt the tip
of his huge cock at the mouth of her little cunt. She couldn't wait. She had to
get fucked.

"Oohhh...It sure is! Fuck my daughter!...Just rape the little whore, I want you
to....Now....Get that cock in your fucking cunt, you nasty little fuckpig!" the
excited mother said as she pushed on her daughter's shoulders, forcing the cock
into the little girl's cunt.

"Push harder Mommy! Shove the cock in my cunt!...Uuggghhh...It's SOooooo big,
Mommy....It's GREAT! Oh! Fuck me!...Fuck me hard!....Ohh... Mommy!....Get
someone to fuck my ass too! Please, Mommy! I have more holes that need to be
fucked!...Fuck my cunt....My ass and my cocksucking mouth!...Please! This slut
wants cocks in all of her fucking cock-holes! Ummmmm....Make them rape me
Mommy!...Please! Make them rape your little slut!....Aaahhhhh....My ass
Mommy!...Someone shoved his cock in my ass!....Ooohhh....Oh God, Mommy! His cock
is huge too!...Split this whore open. I don't care! I love cocks fucking my cunt
and ass at the same time! Fuck me!....Fuck me like a whore!....Uugghgh....I love
it!. Fuck my holes....Fuck them HARD!....make them fuck your little whore harder
Mommy!....My mouth!....Who wants to fuck my mouth!....Look! I can make my mouth
into a cunt for you!...See?" Lucy screamed as she formed her mouth into a 'O'.

She flickered her tongue in and out of her mouth like a snake as she bounced on
the two cocks fucking her ass and cunt. Her mother reached over and began to
twist her daughter's little nipples as hard as she could. Lucy's eyes went
dreamy as she began to cum on the two giant cocks. Lucy trembled as her mother
brutally twisted her little nipples. Lucy started to arch her back as the two
cocks slammed into her fuckholes. Her jerking caused her mother to claw at her
nipples even more viscously. All around her she heard her mother and the men
laughing at her as she was raped. She could hear the nasty names that everyone
called as her little cunt juiced even more. It was perfect! The only thing that
would make it better for the little girl would be if someone would fuck her
mouth. One of the men had another idea. Lucy smiled as a fat, ugly black man
stuck his ass in her pretty young face.

"Suck my ass out, you fucking white whore!...Hey BITCH!. Shove your daughter's
face in my black ass! That where a fucking little slut's face belongs!...Right
in my ass!....Make the little bitch lick my ass like a good fucking little
whore!" she screamed.

Lucy's mother stopped twisting her daughter's nipples to grab Lucy's head to
push it into his ass. But Lucy beat her to it. Lucy continued to bounce on the
two cocks fucking her as she drove her tongue deep into the man's black,
stinking asshole. Lucy felt her mother pushing her head deeper into his ass
cheeks, causing the little girl to giggle in his ass.

"Suck his ass out, you little whore! Ha, ha, ha....Stick your fucking tongue
deep in his ass! Eat it out like Mommy's good little slut! Ha, ha, ha...." Lucy
heard her mother laugh.

Lucy gurgled as she snaked her tongue deep in his ass. Her mouth filled with
old, dried shit, but the foul taste just spurred her on. All around her she
heard the shouts of her mother and the men as she slurped on his ass while
getting team fucked.

"Fuck back on my cock, you slut!"
"Eat my ass, you stupid little whore!" 

"Fuck my little slut!"
"Take my cock in your ass, bitch!"
"You fucking whore!"

"Eat his ass out, you little bitch!...Do it for Mommy!"
"Fuck me, cunt!"

Lucy slurped and slobbered into the man's ass cheeks. Her wet tongue lapped
every inch of his sweaty crack as a deep moan escaped from her lips. She wiggled
her head violently from side to side as she drove her little tongue deep into
his ass. With her mother's help, she was able to her tongue four inches in to
the nasty hole. Lucy reached under his balls and closed her tiny hand around his
massive, throbbing cock and stroked it gently as she feasted at his ass. Her
mother pushed her face deep into his ass as she twisted the little girl's tiny,
perky nipples without mercy.

Lucy reached behind her, pulling on the man that was pounding his cock in and
out of her tiny ass. As she did, she ground her ass in a small circle on the
cock that was deep in her cunt. Little Lucy moaned and groaned and one orgasm
after another wrecked her tiny body.

Suddenly the cocks in her cunt and ass began to twitch and the men fucked her
harder. Lucy tightened her pull on the man fucking he ass, urging him on. She
began to bounce up and down on the cock in her ass as she frantically struggled
to keep her tongue in the third man's asshole. Her cunt filled with hot cum.
Lucy threw her head back and howled as she came hard. The man whose ass she was
licking quickly turned and aimed his dripping cock at her mouth. Lucy managed to
keep her hand on his cock as he turned. Lucy grinned up at the man as he stood
with his hands on his hips and his legs spread. Lucy's mother stopped the
torture of her nipples and used both hands to steady her daughter's head.

The whole world seem to tilt for the cumming little girl as his cock exploded in
her face. Lucy held her mouth as open as she could to catch the hot, thick
spurts of salty cum. Instead, the man shoved his cock deep into Lucy's mouth. He
wanted to cum in the whore's mouth, not on his friend that was cumming in her
cunt. Lucy loved it. She grabbed his ass with both hands, pulling his cock deep
into her sucking throat. Lucy sputtered on the shooting cock as she wiggled her
mouth all of the way down his black cock. She didn't stop until her nose was
pressed into his pubic hair. Everyone laughed at the way little Lucy snorted,
coughed and choked on the spurting cock as the man fucking her ass began to fill
her ass with cum. Lucy groaned her way through one painful orgasm after another
as the three huge black cocks filled her fuckholes with cum. It ended too soon
for the little horny girl. Lucy wished they would never stop cumming in her
little body.

When the men were finished cumming in her, they threw her to the side. The man
who had just fucked her ass looked down at the little girl with contempt as she
was scooping cum from her cunt and eating it. He kicked the slobbering little
girl in the head.

Dazed by the blow, Lucy looked up at him, her eyes trying to focus.

"Oh...I like that!...Do it again!...Kick me...Hit me!...Show me what you think
of this nasty little cunt! Do anything you want to me. I'm just a fucking
whore!...Treat me like one! I want you to!...Do anything you have ever wanted to
do to a bitch like me!...I love it! I really do!...This whore wants you to treat
her like the fuckpig she is!" Lucy groaned as she sucked cum from her fingers as
all eight of the black men stood around her.

Lucy's mother grabbed her head again, holding the little girls face up for the
men.

"You guys heard my little whore!...Hurt the bitch!. Fuck up my little girl. Show
the little slut what you guys think of little white cunt's like her! Hit
her!...Slap this little whore!...Pinch her fucking nipples!...Kick the whore's
cunt!...I don't care, and the little cunt doesn't care either!" Lucy's mother
said as she held the girl's smiling face up.

The men looked at each other and then smiled evilly down at little smiling, cum
sucking girl and her mother.

 It started with a slap. Then another. Soon the men were pushing each other to
the side to get at the little girl while her mother held her. It was when the
first man kicked the little girl's cunt, did Lucy cum. When she came her mother
grinned wider as she held her daughter's face for the men to slap. Lucy began to
babble.

"Oh yes!...Kick it!...Kick my fucking cunt!...HARDER!...PLEASE! Slap me!...Hit
me!...Ooohhhh....I'm such a fucking whore!...Was I good little slut for you? I
hope so!...,Show me what you think of a little fuckpig like me!...I'm a
slut!...That's all!...Just a fucking little whore for you to fuck and
hurt!....Kick the slut's cunt again!...Oh GOD! I LOVE it!...Make them kick my
cunt Mommy! It makes me cum!....Watch the little slut cum when you kick her
cunt!...I'm a cunt...Hit me!...Fuck me!...Hit me!...Do everything to
me!...Uugghh...I'm just a cumwhore...a bitchcunt!...Yeessss..." Lucy trembled
ands began to shake as orgasms ravished her as she was hit and kicked.

Her mother chuckled as she had an idea and started begging the men.

"Piss on her!...Piss right here! Right in the bitch's fucking face! Show me what
my daughter is good for!. Show me what kind of a slut the little bitch is! Do
it!...Use this little fucking cunt for your pisswhore! Piss in this white slut's
face!...Come on!...All of you! Piss on my little whore-daughter!"

The first piss stream hit Lucy in the eyes. Her mother twisted her head trying
to get the hot piss in her mouth. It was a waste of time. Suddenly four more
cocks started pissing in her face too. There was piss everywhere. With her
mother's help, Lucy slowly rolled her face back and forth under the five hot,
salty streams of piss.

"Ohhh....So GOOD!....More!....Give me more! Piss in my face! Give it to
me!...I'm a piss-pig! Piss all over me!.....Gluggg...Mmmmm...Give this slut your
hot piss!....Oh God!...I am a nasty whore, aren't I?...Mmmm...My mouth!
Please!....Piss in my mouth! Use my mouth for your fucking
toilet!...Gluggg...Piss on this slut! Ohhh...Drown me in hot piss!...I don't
care...Just don't stop pissing on me!...Show me what I'm good for! Mmmm...Show
mommy what kind of a slut her little bitch of a daughter is!....Look
Mommy!...I'm just a niggars piss-whore!....See them pissing in my fucking
face!...Am I being a good little fuck-pig mommy?....Gluggg....Am I being a good
little piss-bag for the men?...Make them piss in my face Mommy! Please!" Lucy
whined.

When their bladders were empty the other three men stepped up and gave her their
piss too. Lucy leaned back as her mother held her head and wallowed in the hot
stinging piss. She shoved three fingers into her once tight little cunt and
fucked them in and out. Lucy thought she would never stop cumming. When everyone
was finished drenching Lucy with their hot piss, Lucy collapsed. One of her
pigtails, now dripping with piss, fell across her young face. Absent mindedly,
Lucy opened her mouth and began to suck the piss out of it as she continued to
finger her little cunt. The men were through with the little whore and began to
dress as Carl walked up to them.

"Well?...What do you think of the little slut? I told you Lucy was a eager
little cunt....Think you can make money selling the little bitch? Her mother and
I want you to whore her out, but we want her to be cheap. No more that $5 a
fuck....You get half and we get half. It's not about the money....We just want
the little bitch fucked as much as possible and the idea of whoring her pout
turns on her slut-mother. Hehehe..." Carl chuckled.

"That's right!...I would really appreciate it if you would whore out my
daughter. I promise...Lucy here will make a great little whore for you. Just
keep her fucked....That's all we ask. Did I tell you she is a dog-slut too? If
anyone wants to the bitch to suck or fuck their dogs, you can make her do that
too. Lucy loves to suck a dog's cock. She makes the cutest face when a dog
starts dumping his cum in her mouth! Ha, ha, ha...You really should see it.
She's such a good little bitch!...How about you guys have her on
Saturday's....Is that OK Carl? I'll bring the little whore over to you on
Saturday mornings. You can do what ever you want to the cunt and I'll pick her
up on Sunday morning. Your gang can rape her all day and then you can whore her
out all night!...Hmmmm....That's sounds like FUN!. Ha, ha, ha....So....Do we
have a deal?...You guys can still come over and fuck the slut whenever you want,
but on Saturdays she can be your little white whore all day!...Does that sound
OK with everyone?" Lucy's mother asked.

The men all smiled and nodded as the each shook Carl's hand.

The young mother stroked Lucy's face.

"Did you hear that Lucy?....Hmmmm....You get to be a whore for these nice men!
Isn't that great, my little fuckpig? Doesn't that sound like fun, cunt? Are you
going to be a good little whore for them, slut? Does my little girl want to be a
good little piece of fuckmeat for Mommy? I told you Mommy would keep you fucked,
didn't I bitch....You need to thank the nice men for offering to pimp you out,
don't you think so cunt" she asked Lucy.

Lucy smiled as she looked from her mother, to the eight black men and Carl.

"Oh...Thank you mommy!...I can't wait!. I promise....I'll be the best little
whore you guys ever had! I will!...I'll fuck you all soooo good and I'll fuck or
suck anyone you tell me to!. I hope you find lots of guys that want to fuck me.
...But...I hope you'll do one thing though. I hope the men you whore me out to
know how to treat a piece of fuckmeat like me....tee...hee hee ....You know how
big of a slut I am. I don't just want fucked...I want to be fuckied into the
dirt...That's where a cunt like me should be...Right Mommy?....Oohhhh...I can't
wait until Saturday! I hope Mommy brings me to you early Saturday morning!....I
want cocks in me all day!...This is going to be so much fun!...I want to thank
you guys for raping me today. I had a lot of fun. You guys fucked me soooo good!
Mmmmm...I loved it! I never had any black cocks before, but I know I love them
now. You cocks are so big and meaty!...And your balls! They had so much cum in
them I thought I was going to drown! Te, hee, hee...I hope I was good little
fuck-slut for you guys. I hope you liked fucking me and having me suck your
pretty cocks....And when you guys pissed on me...I thought I would cum forever.
That was so great!. I can't wait until you guys need a little piss-whore
again....Uh...Did you guys like me?...Was I good little whore for you?...Was I
good cocksucker?...I hope so. I tried to be a good slut for you....Did you like
my ass?...Was it fun to fuck?...Was I good little cumbag for you?" Lucy asked in
earnest.

"Yeah bitch...you were a good little cunt. You just make sure you mind us when
your Momma brings you over Saturday...You understand slut?...Let's go!...Let's
get away from these crazy whores...Till Saturday bitch!" the leader said as they
turned and left.

Lucy hugged her mother when the men left.

"Thank you Mommy...That was so much fun!...Mommy can I ask you something?...I
want a cool slut name like you have. There was a name Mrs. Hammer called me that
really fucked my little cunt....Cumbag!...Can that be my new name now?...I love
it when I'm called a cunt, or a slut or whore, but I really like the sound of
Cumbag. That's all I want to be Mommy...Just a cum catcher....Don't you think
Cumbag would be a good name for me Mommy?" Lucy asked.

"Yes I do, my sweet little cunt...I think Cumbag would be a perfect name for
you...Cumbag!...I do like that, you little slut! So Cumbag it is!...Carl?...I'd
like you to meet my little slut-daughter....Cumbag!" her mother said with a
laugh.

Carl stood looking down at the little girl and her mother.

"The name Cumbag suits you just fine, you little whore-cunt....Your mother and I
are going to turn you into the biggest slut this world has ever known,
Cumbag!...You just wait!" Carl hissed.

Lucy looked up and grabbed the front of Carl's jeans pulling his cock free.

"Cumbag doesn't want to wait...Do it now!" Cumbag said as she slurped his cock
into her mouth.

The End

But the depraved slut's stories are planned to go on. The planned stories of
Cumbag will be in two settings.

'Little Cumbag' will chronicle her adventures as a child while the regular
'Cumbag' stories will tell of her depravity as a young adult.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Steve Dema


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





