BDSM Library - The Prisoner




The Prisoner
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Man is sentenced to death for a crime he's not even sure he committed. On Death's Door he's given an offer he just can not refuse. Can a Woman he meets on his execution day really save his life?  Read on and find out...
The Prisoner
Word Count:  13,483

He sat staring at the far, blank white wall of his
prison cell.  Far off in the distance he could hear
footsteps.  Coming closer...ever closer.... to take
him away.

To take him to that 'other' small white room.  And his
death.  He gulped now, more scared than he'd ever been
before.  Even when they'd pronounced his sentence
some years before, it had all seemed like a dream.  A
crazy mixed up dream, from which he'd soon wake.

But he didn't wake.  He'd spent the 10 years from
'that' day, to this, wondering how it had all
happened.  Now, in his final hours, he 'again'
wondered how it had come about that he, a 32-year-old 
former protege to the business world, had ended up on
death row.

Prior to that day, his life had been like any other
red blooded Americans.  He'd gone to good schools. 
His parents had been loving, kind people.  Not the
slightest bit abusive.  Well, maybe his father had
when he was drunk, but that wasn't often.

He'd gone to the best colleges, graduating with a 3.99
GPA.  From there he'd been hired by one of the top 10
of the Fortune 500 sets and had moved to New York.  In
his first year with the company he'd worked his way up
to a Junior VP of Bi-Coastal Operations without even
breaking a sweat.

Then that fateful night.  He and some of the other
Junior Officers had taken the weekend and driven up to
Connecticut.  They had been given use of one of the
companies many 'rental' homes upstate and had jumped
on the opportunity for a getaway from the hectic pace
of the city.

There had been five of them.  All recent college
graduates.  All horny, 22 year old males in need of
some action.  Action, which unbeknownst to them, the
company was going to provide them with.

When they had arrived at the vast, sprawling mansion
type setting, the girls had been waiting for them. 
Hookers or "Escorts" as they'd termed themselves.  And
they were good too.  Receptive, willing, pliable.....

The booze and the broads had been plentiful all
throughout the weekend.  In truth he 'still' couldn't
remember much about that weekend, but he didn't know
if it was from the alcohol, or from time now.  But
never the less, it was that one weekend, when he'd
woke on Sunday morning, alone in the house, with a
dead hooker beside him that had brought him to this
moment.

He'd been 'calm' in the beginning.  Figuring she must
have just overdosed on some of the drugs he could
'vaguely' remember being at their wild weekend bash. 
But when he'd searched the vast mansion for 
the others, they'd been nowhere to be seen.  

It wasn't until the police slammed in the door with
guns drawn that he'd truly panicked.  From the outset
they'd accused him of murdering the poor girl, despite
his protests of innocence.

Everything after that was a hazy, terrifying whirl of
motion.  The trial had been quick, within a month of
his arrest, and the sentence had been even quicker. 
Death.  The evidence had been so stacked against him,
that he couldn't blame his court appointed lawyer for 
feeling buried...and vastly outnumbered.

The lawyers for his former company had been vast and
well paid.  Lending a hand to the prosecution to
ensure his conviction.  Though to this 'day' he
couldn't understand 'why'.

In the year he'd 'been' with the company, he'd kept
his nose clean.  Dotted his "I's", crossed his "T's",
never making any waves at all.

But yet, here he sat, on death row, mere hours away
from his own execution.  

He gulped 'hard' as the footsteps grew ever closer to
the tiny, ten by ten foot cell that had been his world
for the last 10 years.  

The guards appeared then, closely ringing an older man
with a black and white collar.  Four of them.  Burly
ones all and again he gulped down his fear.  His
large, well-muscled frame shivered with something 
that 'might' have been cold, but it wasn't as his
bright green eyes rose to regard the priest through
the bars of his cell.

The older man held a bible close to his chest and
patted it gently when he spoke.  "Are you ready to
confess your sins my son?"  He asked with a slight
Irish sounding accent.

He gulped again, swallowing nothing but air, then
managed to croak out weakly.  "I...I didn't...do
it...."

The priest's head dropped toward his chest and he
sighed deeply.  When it rose he no longer looked at
the man in the cell, but at the guards.  He gave a
crisp nod of his thinning haired head and stepped 
back from the bars themselves.

The bars slid open, allowing the four burly guards to
enter almost in unison.  They lifted him bodily from
the thin mattress on his cot and put the shackles on
his wrists.  They looped the heavy chain around his
trim waist and padlocked it at the small of his back. 
Another chain was locked to this one, then run to the
two heavy cuffs already locked around his bare ankles.

Another shiver of fear coursed over his large frame as
two of the guards took him by the elbows and led him
out of the tiny cell itself.

He dropped his head to his chest and hobbled along the
dimly lit corridors of the prison, his mind blank and
uncomprehending of the entire affair anymore.  He
offered no resistance as the priest chanted a couple
of prayers on his behalf.

He'd never been 'much' of a religious individual, but
now felt oddly comforted by the older mans words, if
not his tone as he shuffle walked to his ultimate
destination.

The only other sound to mark his passing was the soft
rattle of the chains on his shackles.  He grimaced
slightly as the cold metal bit into his flesh, but
that was the only sign on his otherwise blank face. 
The priest continued to chant behind him softly.

Finally, after a long series of twists and turns they
arrived in the chamber that would become his final
resting place.  It was a small affair really.  A
single high backed chair, enclosed in a seamless, 
thick looking room.  The front was semi-cylindrical,
and in the outer chamber were rows of chairs for
witnesses to watch the execution.

Now, however, the chairs were empty and would probably
stay that way.  Both his parents had died in the years
he'd been in prison, and what friends he 'had' had as
a younger man had all moved on with their lives after
his railroad conviction.

The guards guided him into the room with its lethal
looking chair and began to methodically remove the
shackles.  Again, he couldn't muster up even the
slightest bit of resistance as they turned him bodily
and sat him in the chair.

One by one the heavy leather straps that were bolted
to the thick chair were placed over him and buckled
tightly.  When they finished and stepped away he
couldn't move in the slightest.  

The heavy leather pulled and pinched at his bare arms,
but he didn't really notice.  The whole thing seemed
too surreal to comprehend.  Almost like a movie and he
keep chanting to himself, "This can't be happening...I
didn't do it...they 'must' know that...I didn't do 
it...."

But it didn't change the fact that he now sat there,
strapped immovably into the hard seat of the chair.  

Something strange happened then.  He'd known from the
beginning he was going to die in the gas chamber,
instead of by lethal injection, and now he waited for
the inevitable to begin.  For the guards to clear out
of the tiny chamber, but they didn't move.

They merely stepped away from his strapped up form,
crossed their arms over their beefy looking chests,
and waited silently.  For what he didn't know, but
there was nothing he could do about it.

The far door opened then, and he heard the click of a
heeled shoe coming across the tiled room beyond the
chamber.  They came closer and he craned his head as
far as the straps would allow him to and waited for
the owner to come into view.

His eyes widened in pure fear as a woman ducked and
stepped into the small interior.  He lifted his head
dejectedly and stared at her for a long moment, then
let his head fall again.  At least until she spoke
softly from beside him.

"I can make this all stop...I can make it go away...."
 she said in the most melodious voice he'd ever heard
before.  

Again his head lifted slowly and he took her in from
head to toe.  She wore a simple, gray pinstripe suit
that 'reeked' of money.  Blue blood money if he
guessed right.  Her long, shapely legs molded the 
material of the skirt as she moved again, shifting her
weight from one foot to the other in her expense
Gucci heels.  She didn't wear pantyhose, and the
soft, tanned skin of her well-muscled legs rippled 
in response.

She reached out a hand then and ran her slim fingers
through his closely shaven brown hair.  Bending
slightly, giving him a full view of her cleavage
beneath her glossy white blouse she spoke softly into 
his ear.  "Only I have the power to save your life
Trent Kraft.... This is your only chance...but you'll
have to agree to a few things first...."

He gulped back a swallow of air, for the first time
coming 'out' of the blanketing depression that had
consumed him in the last hours.  For a split second he
felt the brief flare of hope in his massive heart. 
"What...what kinds of things...." he whispered
softly.

She stood up then, with a soft chuckle and looked to
the burly guards behind the chair.  Giving them a nod,
they bent and began releasing the heavy straps again. 
Once done, they pulled him up from the chair and
reattached his ever-present shackles and escorted him
out of the chamber once more.

They sat him in one of the chairs and walked a short
distance away again.  She came forward then, out of
the chamber herself and moved to stand over him. 
"First off," she said without preamble, "You 
will die."

She held a finger to his lips when he looked to
protest and silenced him.  "Only on paper.  Secondly,
you will be taken to my home where you'll be trained
and eventually sold at auction."

"Thirdly, you'll willingly enter into a contractual
agreement for the rest of your life once sold at
auction."

Max's mind was having trouble comprehending what she
was saying, so he fixated on one word.  "Trained? 
Trained as what?"

The female chuckled then.  "As a slave of course..."

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The next hours passed in a blur.  His choice was
obvious and he snatched at it almost without
hesitation.  But something about the word 'slave' had
caused him a brief moment of fleeting pause.  But 
what 'choice' did he really have.  It was 'her'
option, or die.

And 'she' knew it.  From the moment he'd given his
verbal consent she'd changed.  Gone was the calm, cool
individual that had first spoken.  In its place was a
cold, calculating woman.

Almost as soon as his weakly croaked agreement had
passed his lips it was the last 'sound' he made for
awhile.  From a bag she grabbed off the floor, she
produced a hard rubber ball, which she unceremoniously 
shoved between his teeth.  Pulling the straps to his
cheeks tightly she buckled them behind his head, which
pulled the ball further into his wide opened mouth.

Within the first few moments his jaw, being
unaccustomed to being this wide began to hurt.  But
compared to what 'could' have been the discomfort was
mild.  

She quickly produced another item from her bag on the
floor by the door and a moment later he felt the heavy
steel of a collar locking shut around his thick neck. 
It reminded him of an old slave's collar that might
have been used back in the 19th century it was so
heavy.  There was a difference though in that the
inside was padded, which would make it easier to wear
for long periods, despite its heaviness.

He flexed the muscles of his neck and while it was a
tight fit, it wasn't uncomfortable.  She bent back to
the bag once it was in place and pulled out three long
pieces of chain with heavy looking cuffs dangling from
the ends that matched the collar around his neck.

She nodded once to the guards, who then came forward
and pulled him to his feet.  One of them produced a
knife and cut his prison uniform off his body without
a word and despite his now muffled protests.  Once he
was 'almost' completely naked, save for his standard
issue boxer shorts, she strode forward slowly.  

In that moment she reminded him of a large jungle cat
stalking it's prey on silent paws.  Her feet didn't
make a sound as she strode forward and then behind
him.  He felt her pulling gently at the back of his
collar then heard something snap into place at the
base of his skull.  Another tug followed, this one a
bit stronger as if she was ensuring the lock was
secure, and then the guards stepped forward again.

They released his right wrist from its handcuff then
twisted it behind him without a word.  Pulling it up
hard toward the middle of his back, he felt cold heavy
steel encircle his wrist a moment later and clank into
place.  His left wrist followed the first and when 
they stepped away his arms wouldn't budge in the
slightest from the middle of his back.

He gave them an experimental tug and felt the front of
the collar choke against his windpipe in reaction. 
Coughing slightly around the ball in his mouth, he
shifted his hands up as high as they would go again to
ease the pressure.  

The guards released the chain at his waist as she
stepped around him again without a word.  She held up
another set of shackles in her slim fingered hands and
locked one to his right arm just above the elbow.  She
did the same with the left, and then pulled the two ends
of chain together almost dead center on his chest.  He
jumped reflexively as the cold metal touched his skin.
 She pulled them viciously tight and locked the two
ends together with a padlock, leaving the ends to
dangle against his flat washboard of a stomach.

He's spent his ten years in prison well, keeping in
shape with daily muscle building exercises until he
was nothing 'but' pure muscles.  Almost every inch of
him.  After all, what else did he have to do.

He shifted slightly, trying to pull back on his arms
again, but the two cuffs above his elbows and the
chain across his wide chest now ensured his arms were
helpless members of his body.  Held tightly immobile
by the heavy metal.  

He didn't like that feeling one bit and began to make
muffled, earnest protests behind the hard rubber
filling his mouth.  He twisted and turned as he stood
there helpless, and his green eyes pleaded with her
for a moment as she stood there watching his vain 
efforts to escape.  

When he'd settled, she took the knife from the guard
and cut off his boxers exposing his currently limp
shaft.  She 'hmmmm'd' for a moment and spoke her first
words.  

"That will never do...," she said with a soft,
thoughtful looking frown.  She reached down and took
his shaft in her hand and gave it a stroke despite his
effort to step away.  For his effort she gave it a 
hard jerk, which immediately stilled him on the spot. 


"NEVER pull away from me again...," she hissed out
very softly, giving his manhood a second hard jerk as
she did so.

He gave a muffled scream in return as she turned away
and bent back to her bag on the floor.  She rummaged
for a moment and came up with an odd looking cage in
her hands.  It was about four inches long or so, with
a smallish looking ring at its base.  The 'cage' part
of it looked exactly like a limp penis, only it was
curved downward.  Inside the cages bands of wire were
tiny little spikes about the size of his pinky nail.

He tried to step away again, but got as far as the
short chain of the prison shackles still on his feet
would allow. She came to a stop in front of him then
and flipped out her other hand, which contained a 
second item he hadn't seen yet.  A small leather whip
cracked across his naked thigh then and he jumped in
reaction to its sting.  

Another muffled protest worked its way past the gag,
but she didn't respond as she began to fit the ring at
the base of the cage over his flaccid manhood.  She
worked the ring over his ball sac with a couple of
gentle tugs and finally it came to rest at the base of
his balls and shaft.  Almost immediately he felt it's
constrictive presence and tried again to pull his arms
forward grunting behind the gag.

But she was unmindful of these things save for
flicking the hard leather of the small whip across his
thigh again.  Again he jerked in reaction to the sting
and felt the red welt rising across his skin.  She
began to work his rapidly blood filling manhood into
the cage then and within a few moments had it locked
tightly to the ring around his balls.

The tiny spikes pressed into his shaft then and he
squirmed uncomfortably in reaction to it, again trying
to pull his hands forward.  This only earned him
another smack with the tiny whip then another until he
stilled completely.

One of the guards snickered behind him and she bent to
the side slightly to send him a stern look.  He
quieted immediately, and she came back to him to work
again without another word.  His thighs began to sting
viciously and he realized he was beginning to sweat.  
A fine sheen was covering his entire body, but whether
it was out of fear, or something entirely different it
was hard to tell.

She lifted her hands to his chest then and pulled the
ends of the chains that dangled there downward
tightly.  He realized soon enough that she was forcing
him to bend slightly at the waist in order for them to
reach, which further increased his sense of
helplessness.

The ends of the chain were secured to the cage in
short order via two more padlocks and she was back at
the bag again.

~What more could she add? ~  His mind wondered, but he
soon found out.

She disappeared behind him again and he craned his
neck backwards to try and see what she was about.  She
reached out and smacked him 'hard' on the behind and
spoke two words in a cold tone.  "Eyes front."

When he didn't 'immediately' comply with her wishes,
she brought the small whip down even harder across the
right cheek of his ass then the left in quick
succession.  He gave another muffled scream of protest
then turned his head away in fear.

She rubbed her hand over his naked buttocks and he
heard the smile in her voice when she spoke as she
gently spread the cheeks of his behind with one hand. 
"Ah...nice....a virgin...good...that's unusual 
in these circumstances."

She patted one cheek and he heard a slurping sound for
a moment, then she began to hum a soft tune beneath
her breath as she worked at something.  A few moments
later, he felt her spread his cheeks again and the
point of something hard and smooth press into the
entrance of his anus.

He gave another muffled protest and began to step
away, but she was prepared for this and spoke two soft
words again, though there was 'no' missing the command
in her tone.  "Hold him...."

Two of the guards stepped forward and each one grabbed
an arm as he began to struggle in earnest again,
screaming behind the ball in his mouth.  But she was
undeterred and slowly, almost gently, worked the 
long, hard object fully into his anus.

He felt himself expand slowly to the foreign object
being pressed there, and tried to resist it, but three
more hard swats to his bare ass and he relaxed long
enough for the ring of his anus to take the rest of it
and snap around the base of whatever it was.

He'd 'never' been intruded in such a fashion, and it
scared him at first.  He'd been one of the lucky ones
on death row and while he'd 'admit' to his share of
hand jobs on his own for the last ten years, he'd
never been violated 'there' before.  Once the act was 
done, he struggled for a few more minutes, and then fully
relaxed in acceptance.

Once he had, he found a strange thing happening.  He
actually 'liked' whatever it was...right where it was.
 In a strange way it was filling and comforting all at
the same time.  He visibly shook for a moment, trying
to shift a bit and expel the foreign object, but it
was firmly entrenched now no matter how much he pushed
at it.

She further aided its ability to stay a moment later
with a piece of rope.  He felt her tie it to the rings
of the cuffs on his wrists then lace it through
something at the base of the object, then she came
around him again.  Reaching unceremoniously between
his legs, she pulled the rope threw and deftly tied it
to the bottom of the cage holding his penis prisoner
at the moment.

She pulled it tight and he groaned loudly behind the
gag as the object sunk deeper into him.  He felt his
manhood then, spring to life within the tiny cage and
press against the painful spikes.  He struggled again,
once more trying to free himself, but his squirms 
only served to pull the object deeper into his anus
and further arouse his manhood in it's cage.

Finally, he stilled again, his head drooping forward
with a sense of dejected acceptance.  It was at this
point she spoke softly again, reaching out a hand to
raise his head and look him right in the eye.

"Very good Trent.  You've accepted your decision
faster than most do.  I'm pleased, and your primary
objective for the rest of your life will now be to
please me, or another Mistress once you're sold at 
Auction."

She caressed his cheek softly then, around the heavy
leather strap of the ball in his mouth.  "But who
knows, if you please me well enough I might keep you
for myself when your training is done."

His eyes pleaded with her for a moment, then he
dropped his head again, nodding in resignation as she
snapped a leash to the front ring of his collar and
led him away.

"See that he gets a proper burial."  She threw over
her shoulder to one of the guards as they passed by.

"Yes Ma'am...enjoy..." the guard returned as one of
his companions bent to pick up the tattered remains of
his former prison uniform.

"Oh I will..." she shot back.  "You were right though
Garron.  He's worth every penny of the ten grand I
paid you boys for him."  She added as they paused in
the doorway for a moment.  "Hey, say hello to Stacy
and the kids for me would you?"  She thought to add in
a friendly tone.

"Sure thing Chelsey.... You coming over for dinner and
the game on Sunday?"  Garron asked then as the other
guards cleaned up the chamber in which Trent had
'almost' perished.

Chelsey eyed him for a moment, taking a long perusal
of his bent form before she spoke again.  "I believe
I'll be too busy...but give Stacy a hug for me though
and tell her I'll make it up to her...." she said
with another look at him and a wiggle of her dark
eyebrows.  "I promise...."

Garron nodded again as they stepped out into one of
the dimly lit hallways beyond the gas chambers ante
room and he locked it up behind his three companions. 
"She'll like that..."  Garron returned sending poor
Trent a knowing look.  "She had her eye on this
one...but well," he gave a helpless shrug before he
continued.  "What can I say, it would have been a
conflict of interest...ya now?"

Chelsey chuckled softly.  "All the better for me old
friend...all the better for me..." she said as she
turned again and led him away without another word.




Chapter 2
Out of the Frying Pan and Into the Fire...

They'd walked through the interior of the prison
without so much as a glance from any of the guards
they'd passed by.  It had taken them a good 10
minutes, and some five checkpoints later, to make
their way from the gas chamber to the outside.

At each, Chelsey had stopped while the guard on duty
unlocked the rolling doors and spoken in friendly
tones to each.  It never seemed to occur to 'any' of
them to question his presence, or his situation.

One had gone so far as to hand her a business card and
say something to the effect of wanting 'him' as a
birthday present for his wife.  Chelsey had chuckled
softly, asked when the woman's birthday 'was', made a
note on the back of the card when the guard responded,
then nodded her head with a softly spoken,  "I'll see
how far along his training is," as they'd passed
through that checkpoint.

It quickly became apparent to him that 'her' presence
and 'his' situation, were tightly interwoven.  As he
shuffled along behind her, he began to wonder how
'high' up the chain of command in the prison this
whole thing went.  

He had his answer as they stopped at the last
checkpoint and the warden stood calmly on the other
side of the double set of bars.  He hadn't 'seen' the
man that often in 10 years but knew him well enough
to recognize him on the spot.  Of course, the fact
that he was flanked by two captains as they stepped 
by, 'may' have been another clue as well.

Here Chelsey paused and held out her hand,
confirming his fears with a nod of her head and a
softly spoken, "Warden." from her lips.

"Chelsey..." the man said with his own friendly smile
as he stepped forward and gave her a long hug.  "It's
been 'ages' my child.  Whatever in the world have you
been up to?"

"Oh...you know...the usual..." was Chelsey's only
comment as she returned the older man's hugging
embrace.

"Your mother is 'fit' to be tied you know.  You
haven't been over to the house in ages." The warden
said by way of gentle admonishment.

"Father..." Chelsey responded softly, a slight furrow
to her brow as she went on.  "You 'know' very well,
that I'm a busy woman.  I have my own interests now."

The Warden seemed properly chastised and actually
dipped his head in response to her tone.  Chelsey
chuckled softly and laid a gentle hand on his suit
clad forearm and spoke again.  "But tell mother as
soon as this latest batch is sold, I'll pay her a nice
long visit...." Again she eyed him over her shoulder
with a knowing waggle of her eyebrows and spoke.  "I
promise..."

The Warden turned to him then as well and smiled
pleasantly enough.  "Oh your mother would indeed
like that...I work so much now that she gets rather
lonely I'm afraid."

Chelsey chuckled again and gave the leash on his
collar a good pull, causing him to stumble forward
slightly in his helpless state.  "I'll see what I can
do for her Father...never fear...I think I have just 
the thing...." she grinned as she moved off through a
set of double doors and out into the bright sunshine
of a cloudless blue sky.

Trent hesitated for a moment, pulling back on the
leash at his neck, cringing away from the brightness
of the day.  But Chelsey was non-pulsed and pulled
hard on the collar at his neck when he hesitated.  
Again, he stumbled forward slightly, but righted
himself a moment later as she led him across the
loading dock onto which they'd stepped.

Fortunately, this time of day, the docks were empty of
the prison's workers, but whether that was by design,
or merely the fact that it was lunchtime within the
prison, he'd never know.  Either way, she led him
without ceremony across the rough stone of the dock
and toward a plain white van.

The back doors hung open, as if it was expecting them,
and she calmly stepped from the dock and slightly down
into it.  He had to duck, which was awkward with his
hands bound behind him, but he managed with a guiding
hand from her.  She gripped his elbow then and spun 
him until his back and bound arms faced the panel
sides of the interior.

She dropped the chain to the collar onto the metal
flooring where it clanked loudly in the silence.  She
stooped slightly toward the side and he heard
something release from the panel and fall into place 
with a heavy clunk of sound.

She came back to him then and guided him backwards for
a moment, then pressed on his shoulders until he sat. 
For a moment his eyes pleaded with her as his weight
contacted with the object in his anus and pushed in
deeper, but she ignored that and his muffled pleas and
squirms.

Instead, she pulled a small ring of keys from her
jacket pocket and released the two small locks on his
cock cage.  Without a word she pushed him back against
the cold metal of the van's sides.  

He tried to scoot forward a bit on the hard metal of
the seat to ease the pressure in his backside.  She
was having none of it as she lifted two heavy leather
straps from their resting positions against the side
of the van and buckled them tightly around his wide
chest.  His arms pinned behind him now, he found he
couldn't move so much as a finger even if he wanted
too.

Again, he tried to scoot his hips forward just a bit
to ease off the pressure on the object in his ass, but
again she was having none of it.  Without a word, she
picked up two more long straps and buckled them
tightly around his waist, pulling him even tighter
against the cold metal wall of the van.

This actually 'increased' the pressure in his backside
and he squirmed some more, trying to kick his legs out
at her.  The heavy shackles on his feet though
prevented this and he gave up after only two tries,
leaning his head back slightly against the wall behind
him with a muffled groaning sound.

Within a moment he felt four more heavy straps
crossing over his legs and being buckled tightly
against his skin.  When he lifted his head and looked
down at himself, he found he couldn't move so much as
an inch against the heavy leather, no matter 'how'
much he bucked and strained.

The only thing that he 'could' move were his toes, but
that too was solved quickly enough by a fifth set of
smaller straps which had his feet pinned flat with a
quick twist of her small wrists.  When she stood, bent
herself slightly in the small confines of the van, she
smiled for the first time as she looked at him.

"There...that's better..." she said, reaching out to
again caress the sides of his cheeks as she said it. 
"Much better." she added as she moved off for a
moment.

He strained again at the heavy leather and his muffled
pleas must have reached her ears.  When she came back
to him she held another torturous piece of equipment
in her slim fingered hands and his eyes widened in
fear as he recognized the long plastic object.

He shook his head violently from side to side, and
again bucked at the restraining straps on his well
muscled body.  All she did was smile as she
unceremoniously pulled his head forward and released
the buckles to the ball gag.

As soon as it popped free of his jaw, he began to beg 
softly.  "Please...no....don't..." he whimpered
softly, tears pooling in his eyes for a moment before
he could blink them away.  "May...may I please have
some water...?" he queried then, hoping to delay her
placement of the evil looking thing she held in her
hands.

"In a moment..." she said softly.  Without preamble
then she held his strong jaw, pushing her fingers in
at the sides with a forceful grip that soon had his
mouth opened wide again.

Despite his struggling effort to turn away from the
device in her hand, he was helpless to stop her gentle
shoving of the long, hard plastic piece into his wide
opened mouth.  When it was all the way in, the tears
he'd blinked away before pooled in his eyes again and 
fell unbidden down his cheeks as he realized he was
sitting there with a dick in his mouth now.

A soft, pliable, very 'real' feeling plastic dick
about four inches long.  It lay against his tongue and
was summarily pulled deeper into his mouth as she
buckled the straps on either end behind his head.  He
struggled in earnest then, bucking and heaving with
all his considerable strength and shaking his head
violently from side to side in an honest effort to
dislodge the offensive thing.

He had to choke back his own gag reflex as the tip of
it just barely touched the back of his throat.  A
shudder passed over his large frame then and he drug a
deep gulp of air in through his nose and lifted
pleading eyes to her, shaking his head again from side
to side violently and screaming into the pliable
plastic in his mouth.

He bit down on it, but found that while the plastic
was soft and yielding it was tough as any metal when
his teeth failed to penetrate the soft sides. Finally,
dejectedly he slumped as best he could against the
heavy leather straps and began to cry earnest tears.

He lifted tearful, pleading eyes to her again, and
begged as best he could, jutting his chin forward
again trying to dislodge the device that was buckled
tightly around the back of his head.

"Awwww...poor Trent..." she said softly as she
reached up to the ceiling of the van and dropped a
long stick down with a soft flick of her fingers. 
"Don't like that do you...don't like a dick in your
mouth?" she queried in a cold sounding tone.

He shook his head weakly from side to side as the
tears fell anew.  "MMMPPPPHHHTTTTT...." he tried to
scream, again trying to dislodge the piece of rubber. 
~NO....~ his mind screamed out silently. 
~PLEASE...TAKE IT OUT...~ he tried to say with his
pleading eyes, but as with everything else, she was
having none of it.

With a gentle hand she lifted his chin and tilted it
back as far as it would go against the back of the
van.  He felt her fingers on the front of the long
strap holding the four-inch long dick in his mouth 
and a moment later he could just barely make out the
front piece being twisted off by her fingers.

She tilted his head back a bit further, pushing gently
at his chin as she did so, and reached above his head
to pull a bottle of water from a mesh pocket that held
it.  His eyes widened in comprehension as she twisted
off the top and poured the contents into the plastic
filling his mouth.  He felt the soft, pliable plastic
begin to expand and harden slightly in his mouth as
the water filled it.

"Well, get used to it slave..." she said as the last
of the water fell into the penis gag.  "You're going to
be wearing it for quite some time to come.  It's how
you will be fed and watered until I decide you've
earned the privilege of not wearing it any
longer..." she added as she twisted the end back
into the front and sealed it tight.

He felt the tip of the gag open slightly against the
back of his throat for a moment and just a dribble of
water slid onto the back of his tongue.  He gulped at
it, savoring the coolness, despite how it was being
delivered, and tried to keep his head tilted back to
gain more.

But as with everything else, she would have none of
it, and none too gently forced his head down again
with a hard jerk.  "Sorry slave...not that easy..." 
she said by way of soft command as she forced his head
forward toward the stick that hung down from the 
ceiling.

She picked up the two straps that hung from its end
and wrapped them around the back of his head.  Pulling
them tight against the straps of the penis gag, she
forced his nose to touch the stick itself and buckled
them tightly, completely immobilizing his head now.

He jerked backwards and the stick slid in its small
tract welded into the ceiling and she reached up
calmly to give a small knob a hard twist and lock it
into place.  His face was pulled against the stick
again, and he realized that this way he wasn't allowed
the slightest 'bit' of movement now.  He couldn't move
his head back, or forward, couldn't tilt up or down,
or side to side.

Only his eyes could move, and his tongue slightly
against the base of the penis now pulled even more
deeply into his mouth by the straps from the stick
itself.  He groaned loudly, giving a muffled mewling 
sound in the back of his throat as he again lifted
pleading eyes to her.  He could feel the coolness of
the water in the gag against his tongue, but couldn't
tilt his head to get at it and let it run down his
throat as it had a moment before.  

He struggled again, trying in vain for 'some' bit of
movement but soon found it a useless effort on his
part.  He was stuck and completely helpless and he
whimpered up at her as she reached for two more pieces
to complete his torture.

The first she lifted to his chin and he felt a soft
piece of padding mold itself there after a moment. 
She pulled the two ends together on top of his head and
buckled them tightly into place, forcing his already
throbbing jaw to clamp shut on the base of the penis
in his mouth.  Only the 'barest' tip of his tongue
could move now, and that was no more than a flick of
response.

His eyes moved to her then, pleading as he whimpered
again.  But this action was soon cut off from him too
as she lifted the 'final' piece of torturous equipment
to his limited line of vision now.  His gaze fell on
the two, small padded disks and his eyes widened in
fear and pleading as she fitted them both over his
eyes and pulled the strap behind his head to buckle it
tightly against his face.

Mewling, earnest whimpers of fear came from the back
of his throat, as he was truly helpless to do more.
 He bucked and heaved against the leather of his
bondage then, trying in vain to escape the suddenly
nightmarish quality this whole thing had taken on.

He heard her step away and comment as she closed the
doors to the van.  "If you want water, it's right
there slave.  I'm sure you'll figure out how to get it
soon enough."

A moment later he felt the van beneath the souls of
his feet rumble to life, then gently pull away from
the prison docks.

End of Chapter 2




Chapter 3
"Life" Begins Anew...

He sat there, bound immobile against the cold metal of
the van's walls, and it's folding seat, blindfolded,
and gagged with a four inch long penis filled with
water.

Beneath the souls of his feet he felt the van in which
he was contained glide to a gentle stop and he heard
her speaking from the area of the drivers seat to an
unseen person.

He couldn't make out their exact words over the rumble
of the van's engine, but he heard her chuckle knowingly
again a moment after they'd stopped.  He bucked his
head against the rod that ran just in front of his
face to the ceiling of the van, but it was a useless
effort on his part.

Even 'if' he could have freed his head, he knew that
blindfolded and bound as he was there was no way he
could release much more of himself.  His sense of
vulnerability increased in that moment ten fold and he
whimpered softly against the soft, pliable rubber of
the penis gag again.

He'd tasted the cool water she'd granted him by
filling the gag, but bound as he was he couldn't tilt
his head back to gain more of it.  Her words came to
him again, and his eyes widened in horror beneath the
soft pads of the blindfold that covered his eyes
blocking out all light.

He gulped softly, sucking in slightly with his cheeks
against the sides of the gag and felt a tiny 'spurt'
of the cool liquid trace a path down his throat.  He
realized then 'exactly' what her words had meant
moments before and gave another soft mewling whimper
of sound.

Surely she couldn't mean he had to 'suck' the penis to
gain the water.  But another experimental 'sucking'
motion of his cheeks again produced a tiny spurt of
the liquid down his throat.  He realized with another
mewling whimper that she'd meant just that.

He bucked in horrified rejection at the thought for a
moment, but soon found the endeavor was as useless as
all the others before had been.  He was well and truly
stuck now, until 'she' decided to release him.  The
worst part was he'd actually 'agreed' to this. Well, mostly
anyway.  Though at 'that' moment he'd have 'almost'
chosen to die in the prison's gas chamber...almost.

But considering her 'influence' within the prison, he
'doubted' his decision would have made much of a
difference.  Not to mention the fact that the Warden
had been her 'father' of all things.  And she was on
'very' friendly terms with just about every guard
within the walls.

He wondered for a brief moment how 'long' she'd been
waiting for his 'execution' date to roll around. From
the head guards comments...quite possibly a long while.
That thought sent a coursing shiver over the length
of his long, well muscled body and he took a moment to
stop his sucking actions at the gag in his mouth to
contemplate it.

Just as quickly though he pushed the thoughts aside,
more concerned just then with getting at the rest of
the tempting water.  It didn't really matter in the
end anyway, he mused to himself as he resumed sucking
as best he could at the gag.

A bit later he gave a mewling whimper in the back of
his throat as the water in the gag receded down past
the hole in its tip and he could get no more.  The
brief work had allowed him to forget for a moment his
situation, and the bonds, which held him tightly.

But now, even that was gone and all he could do was
sit there and think, as he was unable to move at all.
He sighed softly out threw his nose then, relaxing as
best he was able in his tight, constrictive bondage.

His years as a death row inmate had taught him
patience if nothing else.  That and long periods of
inactivity.  After all, being locked in a ten by ten
plain white cell for 23 hours a day tended to do that
to a person. 

But this was different too.  Yes, he was used to long
periods of inactivity, and yes he had eventually
gotten 'used' to being shackled and chained heavily
wherever he went, but never 'this' constrictively.
Even in the prison he'd had 'some' freedom of movement
when shackled, however slight.  But now he had 'none'.
Absolutely 'none'.

And that scared him.  And excited him all at the same
time.  He gave a soft groaning sound and tried to
shift his hips slightly, but the heavy leather around
him prevented it.  Now, with only the sound of the
rumbling engine of the van his only company, he began
to experience the sensations that before this moment
had been nothing but a blur.

Given too fast for obvious reasons to fully comprehend
before now.  But now they all battled within his mind
for dominance.  With as deep a sigh as the leather
around his chest would allow, he began to analyze
each, one at a time.

First came the sensations of being completely helpless
and dependant on another.  He'd never felt this way
before and he took a moment to query his brain as to
how it truly felt.  And he found after a moment's
pause, that despite the constrictiveness of it, he
liked it.  It made him feel cared for in an 'odd' sort
of way.  A way he'd never felt before.  Sure, his
parents had been loving sorts, but this was different.
She was taking the time to ensure he was cared for,
despite her gruff tones and uses of the whip.

Next came the filling sensation of the object in his
ass.  He didn't know 'what' it was exactly, but again
it made him feel comfortable.  Filled and cared for
yet again.

Then came the sensation of the penis gag in his mouth.
Despite the implications of its presence, she'd
taken the time to fill it with cool water. Again
making him feel cared for.

He took that moment then to examine the bondage she'd
placed on him.  Yes, it was constrictive, almost
painfully so, but again, it wasn't anything that would
'harm' him.  His arms and legs, despite their
rather 'cramped' positions were not being pressed upon
too tightly as to cut off his circulation.  Despite
the fact that he couldn't move in the slightest, he
could still 'feel' his fingers and toes so he knew the
blood was flowing freely and would continue to do so.

Then finally came the cold steel sensations of the
cage she'd placed gently over his manhood.  Despite
it's prickly insides, he knew the small spikes weren't
sharp enough to pierce his skin and draw blood.  Just
make an erection decidedly uncomfortable.  Which at
'this' thought he found himself springing erect within
the tiny confines of the aforementioned cage.  Or
rather, trying too.

He soon found that his assumptions had been correct,
and an erection was growing decidedly painful.  He
shifted again in his heavy leather bonds and 'tried'
to turn his thoughts 'away' from his slowing growing
hard on.  But even this failed as his mind twisted and
turned over every implication of his position.

The more he thought on it, the harder his manhood
grew, until he was almost shaking with an unspoken
need on his own.  Images of Chelsey 'naked' came
unbidden to his mind and only increased the pressure
of his manhood against the spikes of the cage.

Blind and helpless as he was, there was nothing he
could 'do' about it now.  It had been 10 years after
all since he'd felt the warm touch of another human
being in 'any' form, and now the more his mind
'latched' onto images of her naked and standing in
front of him, the more blood rushed into his own
genitals and pressed it harder against the tiny,
prickly spikes that contained him.

He gave a loud groan then, squirming and shaking
against the heavy leather as more and more images
filled his mind.  Then, almost as if it was 'destined'
a scent reached his nostrils.  Her scent.  It was a
sweet smell...of sex...her sex mixed with some
expensive perfume his mind vaguely remembered from his
days in the business world.

It was 'then' he realized that she'd been just as
'excited' as she'd put him into his bondage, both in
the gas chambers anteroom and again in the van, as he
was 'now' becoming to 'be' in it.  That realization
sent another shiver down his long frame and he relaxed
again in his restraints.

Her words in the gas chamber came to him again, and he
fully realized their implication in that moment.  If
he did 'well' enough in his training she 'may' even
keep him for herself.

That thought brought a heavy gulp to him and another
shiver.  Did he 'want' to do well 'enough' in his
'training', his mind wondered.  Did he 'want' to
please her well enough to 'keep' him, whatever that
meant, he wondered again.

With a jolting thought, he realized that he
'did'...

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Sometime later, though Trent couldn't have 'honestly'
said how long, he felt the van glide to a gentle stop
and heard it turn off.  What he assumed was the
drivers door opened and he felt the van lurch just
a bit beneath his feet as she stepped to the ground.

He'd long ago lost his sense of direction as the van
had made numerous twists and turns once they'd cleared
the prison itself, and he'd finally given up trying,
preferring instead to relax as best he could given the
situation he was in.

His hard on had diminished somewhat as they'd traveled,
but he was still left with an unspoken need and
craving and he knew it wouldn't take 'much' for it to
rise to the surface of his thoughts again.

There was silence for a 'long' while, and then he heard
her commanding voice in the far distance growing ever
closer as time passed.  He cocked his head as far to
the side as he could and tried to make out her words
through the van, but she was too far away.

Finally, after what seemed an eternity the doors to
the back of the van opened with a loud clunk, causing
him to jerk in reaction.  He felt the van lurch again
as two 'heavy' feeling bodies stepped into the
interior.  He felt two sets of hands on him then,
unbuckling him from the seat of the van then pulling
him up by the arms.

The blindfold and gag were left as they were and he
stumbled slightly as the two sets of strong,
decidedly 'male' hands guided him forward. 

"MMMMMPPPPPPHHHHHTTTTTTTT..." he screamed out for a
moment, trying to jerk 'away' from them, but her voice
reached his ears a moment later and he calmed.

"Calm down slave." she said softly and he immediately
stilled, allowing himself to be guided by the males
beside him.

The three of him stepped down out of the van a moment
later onto cold feeling concrete and he felt her pick
up the leash at his neck again.  With a gentle tug she
pulled him forward and he slid a bare foot out in
front of him to feel around before taking as long a
step as the prison shackles still on his feet would
allow.

He heard her sigh then, and step close to him.  "The
first lesson you need to learn slave is trust.  Trust
your Mistress to guide you.  Walk forward normally and
trust that I will guide you by your leash." 

She gave another gentle tug to the leash and he nodded
slowly, gulping heavily around the penis in his mouth,
but taking a shaky tentative step forward.  Then
another, then another...and then finally he was
walking as normally as his bonds would allow.

Again the thought of feeling cared for in some strange
way came to his mind and he relaxed a bit more into
his bondage, beginning to recognize her gentle tugs on
his leash as they moved. 

They walked for a long while, with him leaning forward
just a bit to keep his balance in his hobble walk.
Finally, they seemed to arrive where they were going
and she gently guided him to his knees.

He felt padding beneath him and realized he was
kneeling on some pillows.  Or something soft anyway.
He felt the long lead on his collar rise into the air
then and hang slackly against his cheek after a soft
clicking sound. 

He heard her moving around for a moment, then felt her
presence beside him again.  He gulped around his gag
again and leaned slightly to the side to 'touch' her,
but she put a stilling hand on his wide, muscular
shoulder. 

He responded and continued to kneel there without
moving.  He heard it then.  The rattle of several
other chains coming into the area where they were.  He
gulped again, shivering for a moment with the unknown
implications of those sounds, and gave a soft mewling
whimper from deep within his throat.

"Easy now slave..." she said softly from right beside
him.  "Your safe." she added as she gently caressed
the back of his head. 

He gave another mewling whimper of sound and leaned
his head 'back' into the contact ever so slightly.
Her words calmed him again a moment later as she spoke
softly.  "Trust your Mistress...," she said as he
felt her unbuckling the blindfold over his eyes.

As she pulled it free and he blinked his vision into
focus, he could only 'stare' at the sight before him.
Kneeling, in similar positions as his own were at
least 10 males from what he could readily count.  Ten,
well muscled, males.  All of them were bound in 'some'
form though others more strictly than some.  Each wore
a similar cock cage to the one 'he' did, and each wore
a gag in 'some' form.

Some had balls, some had large metal bits, and others had
gags similar to his.  And yet others wore a 'full'
head harness, which kept their heads, jaws, mouths and
tongues completely immobilized.

He turned his head then, raising pleading, almost
uncomprehending fearful eyes to her and she spoke with
a soft smile as the realization finally hit and he
recognized some of the men before him.  Each of them
had been a prisoner on his block.  Death row inmates
all.

He gulped around the gag again and whimpered anew.
"Welcome home Inmate Number 3657892.  Welcome
home..." she said with another 'soft' caress of his
cheek.

End of Chapter Three




Chapter 4
Realizations...


Inmate # 3657892 had bent his head forward in dejection at
her words that fateful day.  After that moment it
became quickly apparent to him that he'd merely traded
'one' prison and death sentence, for 'another' much
more 'harsh' one.

In this prison he was 'allowed' no freedom of
movement.  He had to 'earn' his rights and privileges
just like any 'other' inmate in the prison.  

From the moment he'd been brought inside, he'd been bound
in some way.  At first 'so' constrictively that
movement was impossible.  Unless 'she' allowed it.

As the days turned into weeks, and weeks turned into
months, he quickly adapted to learning the 'rules' of
his new prison.  And his new life.  Where before he'd
been kept in a plain ten by ten white cell, now he was
'kept' in a common area with all the other inmates. 
Or in 'her' terms, slaves.

Which is 'exactly' what they all had turned out to be.
Right after he'd first arrived though, the first set
of five had been sold away at an unseen auction.  The
night he'd arrived, they'd gone from being 
just 'in chains' to being dressed in their 'finest'
chains of what looked to be pure gold and were led
away.

They never came back, but he was not given the
opportunity to ask about them because he was never
ungagged long enough to form the words.  If it wasn't
the penis gag in his mouth, it was a ball gag, or a
bit gag, or a harness gag, or 'something'.

But he had to admit after the first couple of days
he'd gotten used to it.  After that he hadn't really
worried overly much about it and just readily excepted
whatever she put there, opening his mouth without
hesitation for the most part.

Now though, several weeks into his 'training' he found
himself in a decidedly uncomfortable position as a
punishment.  He'd spent his time thus far relatively wisely,
learning what she wanted, learning what moods she was
in when, what pleased her, what didn't.

He'd had a 'few' punishments, but they were mostly
'light' whippings with a crop or a soft tailed
flogger.  But now was 'completely' different.  

He'd broken one of her 'cardinal' rules and was paying
'dearly' for it now.  One of the very 'first' things
she'd instilled him with was her rule about touching. 
She'd made it crystal clear from the 
beginning that he was in 'no way' allowed to touch his
genetalia without 'her' express permission.  

Well, considering prior to that morning, his hands had
'mostly' been cuffed together behind his back, this
hadn't been a problem.  But that particular morning,
she'd woke him with the others, cuffed his 
hands in front of him and given him a list of chores
for that day.

Now, while this act in itself was 'hardly' unusual,
the list of chores she'd given him was.  Where prior
to this point he'd usually helped out the others in
some form or fashion, today her list would keep him
working independently of them.

She'd sent him to the upper rooms of her vast almost
40 room mansion with the chore of cleaning some of the
bedrooms there after a function she'd had the night
before.  He'd been charged with making the beds
neatly, picking up the rooms, etc.  Typical, normal
chores.

She'd even allowed him freedom from the 'cock cage'
he'd worn constantly prior to then.  She'd generously
unlocked the cage from its ring and allowed his
manhood a few hours of freedom from its constant
prickly companion.  He'd been 'extremely' grateful and
mewed his thanks in the back of his throat as he
gently rubbed his head against her flat stomach.

This pleased her, and she gave his head an
affectionate rub before shooing him off to his tasks. 
He'd left just as she was turning to one of the others
and setting him about his own set of chores.  She 
had yet to remove the prison issue shackles from his
ankles, but he'd become accustomed to moving around in
them with ease, and now thought nothing of it.

He'd made his way up the long stairs easily enough,
and began his work.  About two or so in the afternoon,
he'd worked his way into his fifth room and was just
finishing when he noticed something peeking out from
between the mattress and the box springs of the massive
four poster bed.  

He'd groaned deeply behind the ball in his mouth as he
pulled the object free and found himself staring at
the latest issue of a Playboy magazine.  Within a
heartbeat of finding it, he was flipping threw the
pages making soft growling sounds in the back of his 
throat.  His breathing became ragged as he reached the
centerfold and his now free manhood sprang to life
with so much force he'd thought he'd come right then
and there.

For a long moment he 'struggled' with the sense of
discipline she'd instilled in him thus far, then he
broke.  She was nowhere around, no one 'else' was
around either, and he had 'no' fear of being caught 
in the act as it were.  

So, he'd knelt on the floor, the magazine open and
just in front of his knees and given himself a
tentative touch.  It was 'almost' enough to send him
over the edge given his constant state of arousal, 
but not quite.

Taking his hard manhood in 'both' his hands then, he'd
jerked a couple of times and soon found the glossy
pages of the magazine splattered with his juices. 
Suddenly he jerked back to the present with a shocking
realization that he'd done something 'very' bad as 
far as 'she' was concerned, and had set about cleaning
up his mess.

But it wasn't enough.  The rest of the day he'd felt a
gnawing fear deep in his gut that she'd find out in
some way, though he'd spent extra time making 'sure'
there was no trace anywhere in the room.  But somehow,
he knew she 'knew', or would know.

Sure enough, as he'd come back down to the long
basement where he was kept, she was standing in the
center of the room, arms crossed over her ample chest
and staring at him with a deep frown etched across 
her forehead.

He'd fallen to his knees and crawled across the floor
toward her, whimpering in the back of his throat and
raising pleading eyes toward her to beg her
forgiveness.  But it wasn't enough he knew.

She'd calmly cuffed his hands behind him again and
clipped a leash to the collar on his neck.  Without a
word she led him out of the long basement and into a
private room.

Pushing him to his knees again, she gone about the
room collecting the various items she would need. 
This room, like some others was primarily 'bare' except
for a few things.

For one a long 'thick' metal rod ran from one wall to
another.  Set into the concrete of the walls at about
shoulder height for a six foot tall man or so, it was
smoothed round, but whether it was from time, or by
design he did not know.  Set into the concrete of the 
floor were several rings.  One was directly beneath
the thick metal pole, while another was a foot or so
in front of it.  Yet a third was a foot or so in front
of that.

Between the second and third rings was a hole in the
floor.  It was pitch black, and about two inches in
diameter, and two shiny screws winked at him from the
lights set into the wall around the chamber.

He 'gulped' deeply behind the gag, unaware and
decidedly fearful as to what these things were meant
for.  He looked up slightly and saw another set of
rings set into the far wall behind the pole, and 
another on the ceiling.  Three of them were in each
set and hung at regular intervals on both wall and
ceiling.

Again a shudder passed over him as she came back to
him from the wardrobe that was sitting against the
other wall.  She carried a multitude of objects in her
hand, too many for him to count or guess at their
intent, and all he could do was sit there and wait.

The first thing she did was slide a long piece of
leather over his arms.  When she was done it covered
him from upper arm to wrist.  He grunted slightly as
he felt her begin to lace it up tightly.  When she was
done, his long muscular arms were pulled together
until they 'almost' touched.  He felt her zip 
together two pieces of leather over the laces next. 
She picked up two thin straps that hung from the
sides, crossed them in an 'x' over his wide, now
straining chest, then he felt her lock the ends to the
top of the zipper.  This ensured that no matter how
much he squirmed against the binder, it wouldn't slip
down his arms.

Next she pulled him up by the neck again and led him
over to the pole.  Bending him slightly at the waist,
she pushed up on his arms then pulled him back until
he felt his wrists slid over the top of the bar. 
Attaching a chain to his cuffs, she pulled him back
until by standing on his tiptoes he could lift
himself up and over the bar itself.  

As soon as the metal had settled against his armpits,
he felt her pull the chain at his wrists tautly and
then heard her lock the end to one of the rings in the
floor.  He tried then to lower himself onto the flats
of his feet, but found the pressure on his arms
quickly became decidedly uncomfortable.

He pushed himself back up onto the balls of his feet
and waited.  If 'this' was 'all' his punishment was
going to be, then maybe it wouldn't be so bad, he
mused to himself.

But it wasn't.  This was just the beginning he found
out a moment later.  She moved off slightly then came
back with two long lengths of soft white rope.  She
pulled his long legs together with her hands and
coiled the first piece around them just about the
knees.  Coil after coil wended it's way around his
thickly muscled legs until finally she fed the two
ends of the rope threw his legs above and below the
coils and tied it off with a deft twist of her
fingers.

He gave an experimental tug at the coils and found
that while they didn't cut off his circulation he
couldn't part his legs at all.  She did the same with
his feet a moment later then stood for a moment to 
admire her work.

It was only then that she spoke.  "You've broken the
first rule of life here slave.  And for that you will
be punished severely.  Maybe after the night is through
you'll have learned your lesson well." she stated
softly then turned away from him to finish her work.

She stepped to the pile of things on the floor by his
feet and produced what looked like a couple of
pulleys.  Reaching upwards she connected them to two
of the three rings in the ceiling, then bent to 
retrieve another piece of long, white rope.

She tied one end to his ankles, and then fed the
corresponding ends threw the pulleys and let it hang
for a moment while she retrieved something else from
the pile.  This was a rod, similar to the one to 
which his face had been attached on that first day,
and she stuck this into a hole in the ceiling that he
hadn't seen before.

She gave it a twist and he heard it lock into place. 
This rod however had a hole at its end, and after
bending to the pile once more, she produced what
looked like an elongated spoon and twisted it into the
end of the rod.  Its long end was a smooth, highly 
polished steel looking substance and she gave this 
a twist until it locked into place at the end of the rod.

She reached up and gave a pull on the rope she'd fed
through the pulleys and lifted him by his feet off the
ground until he was hanging by his feet at a
forty-five degree angle.  Once settled
into that position, she tied the end of the rope
around the base of the long spoon like object right next to the
end of the rod itself.  He gave this too an
experimental tug because this position put 'most' of
his weight on his arms and shoulders now, and found 
that he couldn't lower his feet out of the air at all.

She moved again and he watched as she grabbed one of
the last objects from the pile.  This was a pole as
well, similar to a microphone stand.  However, instead
of a microphone at one end, it had a large, very large
black butt plug screwed tightly atop it.

She collapsed it as far as it would go, and then stuck it
in the floor giving it one hard twist at the base to
lock it into place.  With squirming, squealing horror,
he realized her intent with it as she slowly began to
slide it up toward his own anus.

She placed a hand at his behind and worked his smaller
plug free with a slurping sound and a soft pop a
moment later.  Again he squirmed and squealed behind
the ball in his mouth and tried to move as far as 
he could away from her.

But it was useless.  She lifted him slightly until his
entire body lay almost at a 45-degree angle to the
floor itself and pushed the tip of the plug home in
his anus.  She didn't force it, but instead pushed the
stand a notch higher, which caused him to lift himself
reflexively to stay away from it.  Once into position,
she picked up another item from the floor and a moment
later was buckling the weightlifters belt tightly
around his waist.

A chain was attached to a ring in the back and
summarily pulled taunt to the third and final ring in
the floor, ensuring that he couldn't lift his hips any
higher of the supremely large plug just beginning 
to intrude his behind.

He groaned and squirmed a bit, pulling his weight back
onto his arms and shoulders for a moment to ease the
tension in his behind.  He heard his butt slurp off
the plug for a moment and he felt a bit of relief.

It was then that she picked up the final object for
his punishment during that night.  A single, long,
trim white candle.  She twisted this into the spoon
like object hanging at the end of the rod and he
realized with a jerking start that the end of the
spoon now lay 'directly' over his genitals.

He lifted his head and grunted pleadingly behind the
ball in his mouth for a moment to try and gain her
attention.  She came to him then, holding the 'very'
last piece to his torture in her hands now.  His
favored hollowed out penis gag.

Without a word she unbuckled the ball and switched
them, leaving the plug end off as she did so.  She ran
another piece of rope from the ring over the buckle at
the back of his head and pulled it tautly toward the
wall so that he couldn't lift his head much farther
than it was now.

As she turned toward the candle with a lighter in
hand, he squirmed in earnest, his eyes pleading with
her and his mewling sounds taking on a begging tone
from deep within his chest.  He squirmed upwards 
again to relieve the pressure on his backside, which
brought his genitals closer to the end of the unlit
candle again.

~PLEASE...~ his eyes begged her understanding.  ~I
WON'T DO IT AGAIN...PLEASE...~ he tried to whimper
out around the penis in his mouth.

She seemed to understand what he was trying to say in
that moment.  She spoke softly then, her smile cold
and not quite reaching the blue depths of her eyes. 
"Your right slave, you 'won't' do it again..." 
she said as she reached out and flicked the lighter
against the end of the candle.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The moment the first drop of hot wax hit his
manhood it set off a chain reaction of things over the
next hours.  His immediate reaction to the hot
sensation between his bound legs was to pull away 
from it.  This caused the large, black butt plug at
the entrance to his behind to sink deeper into him as
he literally 'sat' down on it.

This caused him to jerk back up again with a
tightening of his stomach muscles and arms, which
brought his genitals closer to the flame, and the
second drop of hot wax.

The second hit and he sank away from it again and
back onto the large plug.

Over and over it went until finally he realized she
was causing him to 'fuck' himself on the black plug. 
Over and over, up and down...away from the scalding
hot wax, into the plug, off the plug into the wax.

Tears of sincere remorse quickly pooled in his eyes
and began to run out of their corners within the first
hours of his punishment.  He kept watching the candle,
willing it to burn faster.  He knew once the flame
reached the base of the long, steel like spoon it
would burn through the rope holding his feet aloft and
he'd be able to reach the floor and stand somewhat to
take the pressure off his anus.

Until he realized it was one of those 'slow' burning
candles.  The kind that took literally hours and hours to
burn down.

Still up and down he went...up and down...farther and
farther he sunk down on the plug.  His arms began to
shake at the strain he was placing on them to hold
himself aloft and off the plug until he would sink
down against it again.

After what he figured was the first hour or so, the
wax had begun to form a pool around his manhood,
covering it from more hot drops.  He breathed a sigh
of relief out his nose until the door opened again on 
the far side of the room and she walked in with a
second slave in tow.

He too had his hands cuffed behind him, but instead of
a ball gag he wore a full head harness complete with
thick metal bit pressed tightly into his mouth.  The
chin and head straps kept the poor man from opening
his mouth much more that the bit would allow and she 
came in and guided him to a stop beside the sweating
Trent.

She blew out the candle without a word and nodded to
the second slave whom he recognized as Jarred, one of
his former death row inmates.  He bent at the waist
from her nod and pushed his face into Trent's genitals
until he'd scraped up as much of the wax as he could
into his mouth.  Once done, he moved up to Trent's own
gag and used what he could of his tongue to push the
wax out of his mouth and into the penis gag.

She spoke then, her words cold and full of meaning as
Trent struggled to lift himself away from the plug
pressing insistently into his behind.  "Didn't think I
was going to let you off 'that' easy, did you slave?" 
she asked though she expected no answer.

"You wanted to play with yourself...well, now you
are..." she said on that same soft commanding tone.
She turned back to the cabinet, retrieved a second
candle, lit it and set it on the floor.  Trent didn't
know what 'that' was for, but found out a moment later
as Jarred finished cleaning the cooled wax off his
genitals and placing it into his mouth.  He bent out
of Trent's line of sight and came back up a moment
later, holding the second candle in his teeth again.

Placing one wick to the other, he lit the first then
knelt out of his line of sight again to wait.  He
heard Jarred 'huff' out a breath and assumed he was
blowing out the second candle.

The rest of his evening passed like that.  The wax
would pool and congeal on his manhood, Jarred would
stand up with the candle in his mouth and light it off
the first then set it back down again.  Coming up
again, he'd 'huff' out the first then clean Trent off
of wax.  

Once done he'd bend to retrieve his candle, light the
first, then disappear out of sight to wait again.

Each time Jarred cleaned him off, his body cooled a
bit from the wax, only to increase the sensations all
over again once the first candle was relit.

It wasn't long before he was completely lost to the
mix of sensations. 
pain...pleasure...need...desire...all rolled into
one as his gag was filled with more and more wax.

What seemed an eternity later the candle burned down
to its end.  With a crackling snap the rope caught
fire and burned through, at last releasing his
straining, well-muscled legs.  Sweat rolled down the 
length of him as his feet fell to the floor.  He'd
long ago taken 'all' the butt plug into him, and now
could do nothing more than weakly try and get his legs
beneath him to push himself off of it one final time.

But he was too weak and merely sagged down further,
spreading himself painfully as he did so.  Jarred
apparently had further instructions and turned his
back to the pole to get his hands around it.  Once 
there, he gently lowered it away from Trent.  Done, he
rose and hobbled over to the door and disappeared out
of it.

A moment later she came back in and he weakly lifted
his head to look at her with pleading eyes.  His tears
had long since dried, leaving trails in his sweat
caked face.  The wax inside the gag had heated 
within the warmth of his mouth and was slowly
re-hardening to fit the shape of the penis gag.

He gulped then, dryly, wishing in that moment for
nothing more than for it to end.  All of it...he
tried to blink back his tears of pain then, but
couldn't manage too as new ones were forced out of his
eyes and he sent pleading whimpers in her direction.

She came to him then, helped him stand more fully and
began to undo his bondage.  Within moments he was free
of the torturous position and standing in front of her
on rubber like legs.  He sank to his knees then, his
legs unable to hold him any longer and again cried 
fresh tears of remorse.

Weakly lifting his head to her, his eyes again pleaded
with her to understand and accept his remorse over
touching himself.  She hadn't removed the arm binder,
but he couldn't even feel the strain anymore after
what he'd just endured.

She spoke then, still standing away from him as she
did so, her tone calm and cool as it reached his ears.
 "Do you know why I punished you?" she asked softly.

He could do no more than nod his head slowly.

"And do you know why I chose the method I did?"

Again, all he could do was nod his head.  

She squatted down in front of him then, and gently
lifted his chin until their eyes met.  "And have you
learned your lesson about touching yourself without
permission?" she asked softly.

As he knelt there staring into her eyes, he saw it at
long last.  A flicker of his pain in her eyes as a
single tear escaped her and slid down her smooth
cheek.  A crack in the armor, his mind wondered 
weakly.  But surely not, but then again maybe...just
maybe...doling out his punishment had hurt her just as
much as it had him.

The 'male' side of him took control then, and he
leaned forward ever so slowly to rub the side of his
head against her smooth cheek and wipe away her tear. 
When he sat back, his eyes were full of understanding,
though still a good dose of pain from the punishment. 

He gulped softly and nodded his head slowly in
response to her query.

She smiled softly, touching the side of his cheek with
her fingers then.  Reaching behind his head, she undid
the wax filled penis gag and slowly pulled it free.

"Would you like some water slave?" she asked then,
still not having moved from in front of him.

And for the first time in many months he spoke his
first words.  "Yes...please...Mistress..."

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lady Blade


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





