BDSM Library - Tryout




Tryout
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three girls have been captured and wake up inside a dungeon to be trained to be sex slaves by a mistress and her two helpers. one of them soon realizes that this offers to her just what she always wanted.
        Tryout - Part 1
       
        by Dari (dari69@hotmail.com)
       
       
        When I woke up the first thing I noticed was that I was hurting all
over, and I didn't recall what had happened to me. Slowly I opened my eyes. A
curtain of my long read hairs obstructed my view, and I moved them aside. I
didn't know the room I was in, but it was definitely nowhere where I'd been
before. The walls were made of stone, and strange objects and chains lined the
walls. It looked just like a medieval torture chamber.
       
        Slowly my memories came back, and I remembered why I was in such a bad
condition. I'd been out drinking with some friends of mine, and then, just
outside one of the clubs, someone had attacked us. My muscles were hurting
because of the severe beating that I'd received. In contrary to my two friends,
Sarah and Jenny, I had struggled when I had realized what was about to happen to
us, but it hadn't done me any good.
       
        Again I looked around, this time with my eyes completely open, and
turning my head to get a better look. I was lying on the cold stone floor, near
one of the corners of the room. Jenny lay, evidently unconscious, next to me,
but I couldn't see Sarah. She was, like me, naked, and her blond dyed hair hid
her face. Apart from us the room was empty.
       
        Slowly I tried to get up, and was quite surprised when I even managed to
get myself in a half sitting, half crouching position. Somehow considering the
room around me I had thought I might be restrained somehow, but my captors
seemed to have known how awful and hurt I'd feel, unable even to move more than
a few muscles at a time. When I examined my body I saw red and blue welts
everywhere. I'd never been beaten before, but I looked rather like I'd been
involved in an accident than beaten.
       
        Just when I thought about crawling over to my friend, a door on the
other side of the room opened. I froze and regretted immediately that I had
moved. If I had still been lying on the floor I might have pretended to be
unconscious still, but this way they'd see that I was already awake.
       
        In came a woman followed by two men, one of whom was carrying the limb
form of my other friend, Sarah. The dark haired woman was wearing a black
leather bra and skirt, with thigh-high high-heeled leather boots, while the men
both wore black leather pants. All of them wore masks that obscured parts of
their faces.
       
        The woman pointed to a place on the wall, and the man carrying Sarah let
her down there, chaining her to the wall by her wrists. She didn't resist, but I
could now see that she was wide awake, staring up at the man, her blond hair in
wild disarray.
       
        While I had watched my friend being chained to the wall, the woman had
stepped further into the room, and had covered most of the distance between up.
I could see her smile down at me, but it wasn't a friendly smile.
       
        "So, our little wildcat has finally woken up. About time, I guess. I
just got bored with that little slut over there."
       
        She motioned to the two men, and they came to me, looking more than a
little menacing. I tried to crawl away, but they simply seized me by my arms and
got e to my feet. I let out a cry of pain as my muscles protested, and their
string grips on my arms were painful enough to let me catch my breath in my
throat.
       
        The woman now covered the rest of the distance to me and looked me up
and down for once. When she reached out to cup my chin in her hand I tried to
move my head away, but her grip was strong enough to not only keep my head
secured, but to let me gasp in pain.
       
        "It will really be a lot of fun to make you suffer and see you struggle.
You look like you can take quite a lot."
       
        Then she released me, and the men dragged me over to the opposite wall.
One of them took hold of both my arms, while the other went to a cabinet in the
wall and extracted something that looked like a leather dog collar, that he than
fastened around my throat. It was way too tight and made breathing hard for me,
but that didn't seem to bother my captors.
       
        Next he withdrew 2 sets of leather cuffs. One pair went about my wrists,
but when he tried to fasten the other par around my ankles I kicked out. Or at
least I tried to put up a fight. Before I knew what was happening, the man had
gotten up and slammed his fist into my stomach, while the other one released me.
I fell down to the floor, unable to catch myself with my cuffed hands, and
landed very hard.
       
        Before I could move, one of the men sat down on my back, while the other
one fastened the cuffs around my ankles. I was unable to breathe with the extra
weight on my back and tried to at least cry out, but no sound came out of my
mouth.
       
        Just when my vision began to blur the man from my back got up and was
dragged to my feet again. I was then pushed against the wall with my front
facing the room, while the men secured the cuffs at my wrists to a chain coming
down from the ceiling. When I was securely fastened, they cuffed my feat to
chains that were attached to the floor, spreading me wide open. The muscles in
my tights rebelled, and I let out a low moan of pain.
       
        When they were finished securing me to the wall, the men went back to
stand silently behind the woman, who was examining me from the distance. Only
then I realized how I must look, stark naked and chained to a wall, with nothing
to cover me, and every inch of my body in plain view. I felt my cheeks redden,
but tried to fight the rising sense of shame. At least I had tried not to end in
this position, and every amount of embarrassment wouldn't get me out of it,
anyway.
       
        Slowly my breathing evened out a bit, and I was finally able to take
steady if not too deep breaths again. Compared to choking it was an improvement.
       
        While they had chained me to the wall, Jenny had finally woken up, and I
could see her huddled against the corner, her knees drawn up tightly to her
chin, trying to cover most of her naked body up. Sarah mirrored her position at
the other end of the chamber.
       
        The woman seemed to ignore my friends and came forward to me again. She
smiled down at me, being taller as me and wearing the high heels, too. Again she
reached out to cup my chin in her hand, but this time she didn't stop with that.
Slowly her hands slid lower, over my shoulders and down to my breasts. I could
feel my breath catch in my throat when she began to pinch and fondle my nipples,
while she intently stared into my face. Stubbornly I stared back, although my
face burnt with shame. It was one thing to be naked, but quite another to me
touched by a stranger in front of my friends, even if I couldn't to a thing to
avoid it.
       
        My gaze flickered to my friends, and the woman must have seen it,
because she laughed, while one of her hands slid still lower, while the other
was still working on my breast.
       
        "Embarrassing for you that your friends can see just what a slut you
are, isn't it?"
       
        Just then her hand reached between my legs, and I inhaled sharply when
she plunged a finger into my vagina. When she moved her finger out of me again
it glistened wet, which made her smile even more.
       
        "Look at yourself; you're already excited and quite wet. Looks like
you're greatly enjoying yourself."
       
        From across the room I could see Jenny's eyes widen in shock, and Sarah
looked like she'd never seen me before. My face grew hotter still, and I began
to shake my head in disbelieve. They couldn't possibly believe that I liked
this!
       
        "Now be a good girl and like your juice from my fingers."
       
        I turned my heads to look back at the woman standing before me, and
closed my lips tightly when she held her hand out to me. When I tried to turn my
head away again, she griped it with her other hand and forced me to stay still,
but I still resisted her. At a signal from her one of the men joined her, the
one that had fastened my cuffs. He then began to massage my sex with one of his
hands, stroking my clit with his thumb while entering me with one of his other
fingers.
       
        I really tried to suppress any feelings and emotions, but his caress was
arousing me quickly. I tried to tense all of my muscles, but the sensations that
rolled through my body were too overwhelming.
       
        Without wanting to I cried out, knowing well enough what would happen if
I opened my mouth, but couldn't resist any longer. The woman pushed two of her
fingers into my mouth. For a second I thought about simply biting down on them,
but resigned myself to simply do nothing. Apparently that was enough, and the
woman withdrew her hands from my face, signing the man to step back again.
Something inside of me wanted him to continue working my body, but I was also
glad so be left alone again. At least they didn't want me to lick his fingers
clean, or rather his whole hand, which he showed me briefly, being wet all over,
before joining his companion on the other side of the room.
       
        Flushed now with not only embarrassment I looked at the woman again. She
had turned her back on me and was now walking to Jenny, who was stark white with
shock. She had never been touched by a man in her whole life, and it seemed like
what they had done to me had scared her more than anything. I have also been a
virgin up till now, technically at least, but from some hushed comments I knew
that neither Sarah nor Jenny had ever even touched themselves. That I could not
say about myself.
       
        Jenny was treated identically to me, only that she didn't struggle at
all, and when the woman began to touch her body she squealed like a piglet. I
don't know why, but somehow I was a little bit proud not to have emitted such
sounds. It seemed worse to look that frightened than be handled a bit more
roughly, but when I looked over to Sarah, still unbound on the floor; I could
see from the loathing in her eyes that she didn't share my thoughts. To avoid
her gaze I let my eyes wander over the room while they three cuffed and chained
Sarah to the third wall. She also only protested loudly when being fondled.
       
        When she was finished, the woman walked back to the centre of the room,
and turning her head slightly to look at each of us. When she spoke, her voice
carried clearly through the room.
       
        "As you see, you are all now totally helpless, and completely at my
mercy."
       
        She smirked then, and picked up a rod from a stand at the wall. It
resembled a riding crop. I didn't really want to know what she had in mind with
that thing. She began flexing it while she spoke on.
       
        "From now on, you only talk when you are asked to talk, and you will
refer to me as "Mistress", or "Mistress Amber". Do you understand that?"
       
        I simply nodded my head, and saw her accepting that with a curt nod.
Sarah and Jenny both didn't move a muscle.
       
        Fury shot into the eyes of the woman, and she rounded on Sarah, riding
crop poised in her hand.
       
        "Do you understand that, cunt?"
       
        Sarah's face drained of colour, and she hurried to answer.
       
        "Yes"
       
        A loud crack echoed through the room, followed by Sarah's loud wailing.
When she was silent again, the woman stepped closer still to her.
       
        "I didn't hear that well, slut. What did you just say?"
       
        "Yes, Mistress!"
       
        Sarah sounded like she was near tears, and I couldn't really hold that
against her. When the woman moved on to Jenny, I could see a bright red stripe
on Sarah's thigh where the crop must have landed. It looked like it really hurt.
       
        When the woman was standing in front of Jenny, the girl was already
sobbing loudly, but that didn't irritate the woman in the least.
       
        "I have asked you a question, slut!"
       
        Jenny's voice was weak and not clearly audible.
       
        "Yes Mistress."
       
        For a short moment I thought she would strike Jenny, too, but then the
woman just shrugged and patted the girl on the head, like you would pat a dog,
which made Jenny only cry harder.
       
        Instead of returning to the middle of the room, the woman now came to
me, and I could feel fright rising inside of me. Before it had looked like she
was pleased with my nod, and from her neutral face I couldn't read if she
expected anything further from me. Then she was standing in front of me, leading
the riding crop up and down the inside of my right leg, stopping just inches
from my pussy, then going down to my knee, and up again.
       
        "And you, do you have anything to add? Anything to object?"
       
        "No, Mistress!"
       
        My voice sounded surer and steadier than I'd even dreamt of, and the
woman smiled at me broadly.
       
        "Good. About time you learn to behave yourself. Your life will be hard
enough if you try to follow my orders without complicating it further."
       
        Without waiting for a reply she went back to her place in the middle of
the chamber and looked again at the three of us. Sarah and Jenny now both cried
softly, and I felt oddly out of place, being the only one to take it without
turning into a little girl.
       
        "As you might have already realized, you are here to be punished and
trained to become sex slaves. Don't even think about escaping, you will realize
that that's not possible, and if we catch you trying, we'll punish you even
more, and you don't want that, now do you?"
       
        "No, Mistress."
       
        This time all three of us replied in unison, and the woman just nodded.
       
        "Good that we understand each other. You will obey my every command, and
you will not resist your training, whatever I will want you to do. You will also
submit willingly to everything that Adam and Tom here will be doing to you. Do
you agree to that?"
       
        I guess I didn't have much choice in that, so I replied loud and
quickly. Sarah and Jenny were a bit slower and didn't sound convinced in the
least, and I could see in the set of the shoulders of the woman that she had
noticed that. I just didn't know if that did me any good, or the contrary.
       
        "We will now leave you for the night. I expect not to hear anything from
you, and it is really futile to shout for help, our little dungeon here is quite
sound proof. Enjoy your first night here and try to rest, you will need your
strength tomorrow."
       
        With that she left the room through the door, the two men following her
like trained dogs. Before the door closed I got a quick look at the next room,
and it looked similar to the one we were kept in, only that there were some
strange things inside of it. The door closed to quickly for me to recognize any
of them, but I guess all the time in the world was not enough for me to
recognize them. I might have heard some things about dungeons like the one we
were in, but not much, and I guessed that I would come to know the things in the
next room in the next days.
       
        The light in the room began to dim till I could barely see anything, but
it was still light enough not to be standing in the complete darkness. From the
opposite walls I could Jenny and Sarah weep silently, but at least they couldn't
stare it me with their accusing eyes.
       
        I signed and closed my eyes, trying to find a comfortable position,
resting my head on one of my arms. My shoulders were already rebelling, and the
cold stone at my back didn't make it easier, but I tried to make the best out of
it, just as the woman had said. At least in the point that we would need all the
strength we had I believed her.
        	__________________________________________________
       
        I didn't get much sleep, but when the lights came on again my muscles
didn't hurt as bad as when I had woken the last time. Although I was stiff all
over, and from time to time a shiver ran through my body. I thought I could even
see my breath forming a slight cloud in front of my face. It was really cold
inside the dungeon.
       
        After some minutes the door opened and the woman, followed by her two
flunkies, came in. Today she wore a wide leather strap instead of a bra that
only nearly covered her breasts, tight leather hot pants and the same boots as
yesterday. The mask was still on her face, next to the not-so pleasant smile.
       
        "I hope you enjoyed your first night here, because the next one will be
not as pleasant, that I can promise you."
       
        She walked over to Sarah, than to jenny, briefly examining them. Then
she came to stand in front of me, and I could see her smile brighten a bit. I
didn't know if that was a good sign, but I dreaded that it was not. Like with
the other two she turned my head from side to side, looked me in the eyes, and
seemed rather satisfied with what she saw. Then she turned around and walked
back to her usual speaking place in the middle of the room.
       
        "Today I will begin with your training. At first I will administer the
same methods to all three of you, but as the day passes I will try to find out
where your individual breaking points lie. Adam and Tom will help me doing that,
and later still they will take over parts of your training. You will object
neither of this, is that clear?"
       
        "Yes, Mistress!"
       
        I was a bit horrified when I realized that I sounded sort of eager, but
then I'd do anything to get free of the cold stone wall, and be able to move my
arms and legs again.
       
        "So, then let's not waste time, let's begin with the fun."
       
        Amber walked right up to Jenny, who began to sob lightly again.
       
        "Don't cry little girl, I haven't even done a thing to you. Safe your
tears for when you'll need them." Without a signal from her, Adam and Tom moved
to her side and unfastened the chains that held Jenny upright. She sagged
instantly, unable to bear her own weight, and they half carried, half dragged
her to the middle of the room, where the stood her up again and chained her
wrists to a chain dangling down from the ceiling. Jenny's toes only barely
toughed the ground, which frightened me a bit, because I was at least 5 inches
shorter than her, which would put me way up in the air if I were in her place.
       
        "What's your name, slut?"
       
        Jenny needed several tried to finally find her voice again.
       
        "Jenny."
       
        The woman made a slight gesture towards one of the tables that lined the
walls, and Tom went to fetch a long leather whip from there. At least I thought
that the dark haired man was tom, and the blond one Adam.
       
        The moment Jenny saw the whip she began sobbing again frantically. Amber
slapped her several times in the face, rather gently, but Jenny only cried
harder. When she saw that her action hadn't had the appreciated result, she
produced a large black rubber ball with straps on it from somewhere, and stuffed
it into jenny's mouth, fastening the straps behind her head an gagging her
efficiently with it. Only muted sobs could now be heard.
       
        "It's much more fun when I don't have to gag you, because I like to hear
your screams and pleads for mercy, but enough is enough. But believe me, crying
will only worsen your punishment, not lighten it."
       
        The woman took the whip that was offered her and slowly began to walk
around Jenny. Jenny tried to follow her, but the chains limited her view. Amber
stopped after she had circled the girl once. Then she swung the whip, letting it
crack next to Jenny's body. Jenny whimpered into her gag, and I could see her
shock-widened eyes. The next strike didn't hit thin air but made contact with
the girl's middle and the whip coiled about her hips like some strange belt.
Even muffled by her gag I could hear Jenny scream.
       
        Amber waited until Jenny had quieted again, then the woman swung the
whip again, this time landing it across the tightly closed thighs of the girl.
The next one went to her right breast, and I was suddenly glad that Jenny was
gagged, because the scream she uttered was loud enough to raise the hairs on my
body although she was gagged.
       
        After administering ten strokes, the woman stepped away from Jenny,
removed her gag and signalled the men to unchain her. Jenny collapsed into a
sobbing heap. Red welts had begun to appear on her body where the whip hat
bitten into her tender flesh. The men picked her up easily and carried her back
to her place, where she was chained again into her former position, but leaving
her ankles free so that she could keep her legs closed.
       
        The next one to be brought to the middle of the room was Sarah, and like
Jenny she only cried, but didn't struggle. She also was gagged, and took her ten
whip lashes with no dignity at all. I wished she hadn't struggled at least a
bit, that way it would have taken longer, and Amber wouldn't just round at me.
       
        The moment the men unchained my feet, I tried with all my strength to
put on a fight. I even succeeded in kicking Adam where it hurt the most,
swinging back hard against the wall, still chained with my wrists. Across the
room I could see the woman smirk, just like she was making fun of her flunkies,
than Tom socked me on the chin, and my head connected very hard with the wall. I
could feel my vision dwindle away, and my body went sort of limp. He rapidly
unchained me and dragged me over to the middle of the room, where a not so
steady Adam had to help him lift me up so they could hook my wrist cuffs to the
chain.
       
        As I had feared also with my weight added to the chain I was too short
to be able to touch the ground with my toes, and the strain in my wrists and
shoulders made me gasp in pain. Amber's smirk told me that she knew how much
this position alone hurt me, and considering the pain I had just caused Adam,
she didn't seem to mind. So I swung slowly from side to side rotating a bit, and
trying not to gasp from the pain.
       
        "After your display of obedience yesterday I thought you had come to
your senses, but it looks like you'll resume your futile struggle. I guess
there'll be nothing left than simply break you, because I guess I won't be able
to trust you even if you beg me to believe you that you won't do anything like
that again."
       
        I just stared defiantly into her eyes, but that seemed only to amuse her
further, cause she laughed and hoisted the whip a bit stronger.
       
        I saw her swinging the whip and tensed up, biting my lower lip so I
wouldn't cry out, but nothing could have prepared me for the terrible pain that
radiated up from my left thigh where the whip had landed. The next slash came
before I could really prepare myself and landed hard across my stomach. This
time I did cry out, but at least this way I had no air for a further cry when
the third whip lash caught me over my breasts.
       
        This time the woman didn't pause between the lashes, and I counted
inwardly to fifteen until she stopped, panting a bit from the hard work. My
throat was already raw with creaming, but I tried very hard not to cry, and
succeeded insofar that I didn't sob. The tears that ran across my face where
only because of the intense pain.
       
        Amber stepped back and looked me up and down for some time. I was glad
that I couldn't see myself, but I was sure that the front of my body was
decorated with red welts. I hurt too much not to have them.
       
        "You're still putting up a fight, not giving me the satisfaction of
sobbing and dissolving in tears?" She patted my left cheek lightly and wiped the
tears away from my face. I really couldn't read the look in her eyes, and was
partly glad that is was this way. At least I didn't know what would come next,
so I could focus on the moment and try to stay as calm as possible.
       
        The woman stepped back from me and went to one of the tables, coming
back with a 3 foot long iron bar. Tom moved up behind me, grapping my middle
section and drawing me a bit nearer the ground, making me gasp in pain as it
doubled the strain on my shoulders. Adam parted and moved between my legs,
grapping my knees tightly, and the look he gave me was pure hatred. I guess I
couldn't hold that against him, but it sort of amused me to see what precautions
they suddenly took.
       
        The view of my feet was partly obscured by Adam, but I could feel the
bar being attached to my ankle cuffs, leaving my legs spread wide when the guys
moved back again. I didn't really like the position that put me into.
       
        Amber stared to walk around me, stopping at my back. She slowly moved
her hands over my behind, caressing my ass cheeks and only stopping a short
distance away from my anus. Suddenly I realized just how exposed I was, and that
thought brought fresh sweat onto my face.
       
        "You've been a naughty girl from the start, and till now I haven't
punished you for it. I guess now is the time for me to start showing you your
proper place. I want you to count the lashes you receive. If you're a good
little slut I will stop at fifteen, if not ..." She let the sentence hang in the
air, but it was clear that I was expected to be a good little slut, and once I
thought that it sounded like a good idea not to struggle.
       
        "Have I made myself clear?"
       
        I nodded, and when I realized that that might not be enough, I added a
loud "Yes Mistress." to it. I was promptly rewarded with the first stroke, which
landed squarely on my behind. I tried not to cry out, but didn't succeed, and
didn't count either. Only when she struck me again I managed it.
       
        "One!"
       
        The woman stopped and came round to face me again, with a smile on her
face.
       
        "Come one, you can do better than that, or have you forgotten
everything?"
       
        She lashed out without waiting for an answer, this time hitting the
inside of my right thigh. For a moment I had absolutely no air, the pain was
just too much. When I finally managed it, my voice was more than a little bit
shaky.
       
        "One, Mistress!"
       
        Amber smiled up at me and patted me again on the cheek.
       
        "Good girl."
       
        Then she went back behind me, the next stroke hitting be across the
shoulders. This time it was only luck that got my "Two, Mistress!" out audibly.
Only when she had reached ten lashes did she stop again and come around front
again. My vision was partly obscured my loose strands of my hair that were
plastered against my face, sweat making my whole body sticky.
       
        "Do you want me to resume your punishment now, or let you rest a bit and
add five more lashes to the remaining five then?"
       
        I needed two tried to get my voice working again, my throat so hoarse
that speaking really hurt.
       
        "Please resume my punishment now, Mistress."
       
        Amber possibly beamed up and me and stroked my hair out of my face. When
she spoke it was so gentle that only I could hear her and that barely.
       
        "You know, it's much more fun for me if my slaves struggle a bit, but
it's always good to see that they nevertheless stick to the rules. In the end
it's my responsibility not to give you the chance to struggle, but believe me,
you're only doing me a favour by putting up a fight."
       
        I didn't know how to react to that, and was partly relieved when the
woman went back behind me, but only until I hear the whoosh of the whip going
for my body again.
       
        This time she hit me on my right thigh very closely to my sex, and I
failed to count, too caught up in the terrible pain that rushed through my body.
In that second I really asked myself if I would even survive the next hour, let
alone the day.
       
        Amber didn't wait long, but applied the next stroke mirroring the one
before, only on my left tight. It took most of my strength to count again, but
this time I managed it, although it sounded rather squealed than shouted.
       
        Then the next lash struck home between the last two lashes, and for a
few seconds my body seemed to simply be one complete agony, radiating up from my
sex. I couldn't breathe for several seconds, and when I could finally manage to
get fresh air into my lungs I howled as loud as I could, only slowly learning
how to think again.
       
        When I opened my eyes, the woman was standing in front of me, a slight
smirk on her face.
       
        "You haven't counted the last one, so I guess I have to repeat it."
       
        Pure terror raced up through me, and I opened my mouth to start begging
her not to strike me down there again, but she just raised her hand and laid a
finger across my lips, silencing me with that gesture.
       
        "Or would you prefer not to count the last four strokes, but instead
letting me doing it for you? That would mean four lashes directed at your tender
cunt, but you can scream as long and loud as you want? But then, you don't know
where I will hit you if you decide to count by yourself."
       
        I could just stare at her, needing several seconds to even understand
her words. When I understood, it took still another second to realize what that
really meant, and for one moment tears threatened to well out of my eyes. I
don't know how I managed to get myself back together, but it was the hardest
thing I had ever done, next to speaking the next words.
       
        "Please count for me, Mistress."
       
        The woman smiled, and it was a smile that really didn't fit the reason.
She smiled like a cat getting a bowl of cream.
       
        When she went away again, I sort of slumped in my chains, unable to
prevent the coming terror, and suddenly not having the strength to even tense my
muscles up. My shoulders hurt so badly that that alone would have been enough to
make me cry, but the aspect of what was coming next kept me from it.
       
        To my surprise Amber returned again, showing me the ball gag that she
had given my friends earlier.
       
        "It's your decision, without any consequences, do you want the gag to
bite down on it, or do you rather prefer not to have it and instead being able
to draw full breath to scream even louder?"
       
        I stared numbly at the gag, not really able to think that issue over. I
only remembered these stupid films of mothers giving birth to their babies in
the wilderness, and someone offering them a stick to bite down on. Somehow this
comparison fit the situation. Without thinking further about it, I opened my
mouth, and it was answer enough. The woman stuffed the gag into my moth, buckled
up the straps, and resumed her former position behind my back.
       
        Again I heard the whip moments before it bit into my flesh, and when it
connected again with the soft flesh of my vagina. My vision went white with
pain, and I bit down hard on the gag, only a muffled cry coming out. I was
somehow relieved when I felt the next hit, again as precisely positioned as the
last ones, this way it would be over soon. Nevertheless the pain was worse than
anything I had ever felt. After the last stroke I nearly lost my senses, only
regaining them when I felt my feet touching the ground. When I turned my head I
saw that the woman had lowered the chain that kept me up in the air by a winch
that was next to the door. I was still chained, but this way at least my
shoulders weren't supporting my whole weight.
       
        When Amber came back to me and took the gag from my mouth I inhaled loud
and deep for several times, and with the air came the tears. I just couldn't
hold them any longer, and just cried and sobbed softly. In this very moment
everything could have happened, and I wouldn't have cared.
       
        But the one thing that did happen surprised me a lot. Amber embraced me
around the middle, drawing my body against her own, gently stroking over my hair
and muttering soothing words, which made me only cry harder, but she held me
nevertheless.
       
        After a while the burning agony between my legs lightened a bit, and I
was finally able to get myself together again, and the woman let go of me. The
look of sympathy on her face made me wonder what she was thinking right now.
       
        Amber unchained me herself, this time without the guys securing me, and
I didn't even think of struggling. I just massaged my hurting wrists and
shoulders, and stepped aside when the woman motioned me away from the spreader
bar.
       
        When I looked over to my friends, remembering their presence for the
first time after the whipping had begun. They were both staring at me with
tearstained eyes, but this time it was me who looked at them balefully. Why did
they even cry, it wasn't their body that felt like it had been split in two.
       
        Amber came to stand in front of me again, obtruding my view at my
friends.
       
        "Tom, take her to the other room and get her on the table. Do what you
deem necessary while I work on the other two."
       
        The dark haired man came forward with a leather leash in his hand. It
didn't really surprise me when he connected it with my collar and began to lead
me to the other room. What was a dog collar for when not for this?
       
        Every step I took was a new kind of agony, and by the time I came level
with the door tears where running down my face again, but again it was only
because of the pain. I felt too drained to cry because of my misery.
       
        Now I got my first real view of the next room, and it didn't lighten my
mood. The wall was again full of chains, and several where handing from the
ceiling as well. Unlike the other room this one here had some strange pieced of
furniture standing in the middle, some I could place a possible intended purpose
to, some not. One resembled a buck like the one we had in the gym at school,
another one looked like a platform in the form of an X, another one looked like
a table with some chains for attachment at the side, still another one looked
like a modified gynaecological chair, but that was not all by far. I really
didn't want to know what the other devices where for.
       
        Tom led me over to the table, and told me to sit up on the edge. When I
tried to lower my behind to the metal surface, fresh pain went to my body, and I
got up even before half of my weight had touched down. Before I could get away
fully, the guy gripped my already aching shoulders and pushed me down hard into
a sitting position.
       
        For a second I could only gasp, and then I screamed, or at least tried
to. Before more than the beginnings of a scream could come out of my mouth, he
had already pushed another ball gag into it, and shut me down with it. It was
somehow easy for him to both keep me down and buckle the gag in place at the
same time. I was simply too tired to struggle.
       
        When he felt that the tension in my body lessened he pushed my upper
body back, so that I lay on the table, the edge of it just coming to my
buttocks. He then secured a large leather strap just beneath my breasts and told
me to open and raise my legs. I did what he asked of me, watching as he secured
the cuffs on my ankles to two chains that came down from the ceiling and drew my
legs still further apart. It didn't really hurt, but it ensured that I'd never
be able to close my legs. After my last experience with the whip that frightened
me even more than anything else.
       
        While I was still terrorized by the these thoughts Tom secured my wrists
to the sides of the table, and putting yet two further leather straps across my
body, one above my breasts, and one at my waist. The last one he tightened even
stronger than the others, but I had still enough freedom to breath, but movement
was nearly impossible.
       
        Then Tom left me alone, going to one of the cabinets that stood at one
of the walls. I could see that it was a refrigerator, and that puzzled me a bit.
I had anticipated further torture instruments in it, not a fridge. Soon he came
back with a blue cold-warm pack, one of these that you put on bruises.
       
        "Just relax, this will hurt a bit, but believe me, in the end it will
get better."
       
        I still didn't understand what he wanted with the pack, and could just
look at him bewildered. Then he put it between my legs, and I suddenly had the
feeling that "hurt a bit" could also mean quite a lot. This time I didn't even
try to keep from crying out, but the gag stopped most of the noise to escape my
mouth.
       
        After some minutes it seemed like he should be right again, because the
burning pain slowly subsided to a pounding ache, and when Tom took away the pack
again I could even breathe normally. He went back and placed the pack again in
the fridge, only to return with a bottle of mineral water and some ice cubes.
       
        When he came to a halt next to me he opened the bottle and placed it on
the free portion of the table above my head. Then he removed the gag and took a
straw from somewhere. Eagerly I let him place it between my lips, and he let me
drain the whole bottle. When it was empty, I couldn't help but simply smile up
at him gratefully. Until now he hadn't done a thing to really hurt me, and to be
true, he didn't look like he had the intention to do it.
       
        He smiled down at me then he took one of the ice cubes and began to
trace it down first one of my cheeks, then the other, continuing with my
forehead, then my nose, tracing it softly over my half-parted lips. The cold
felt really good after all the sweating and pain from before, so I just tried to
relax as good as I could and closed my eyes a bit.
       
        Tom tracked the cube down my chin, over my throat down over the first
strap between my breasts, then he slowly circled each nipple with it. I could
feel my body respond to the treatment, and my nipples grew hard an erect, only
partly because of the cold. Then he stopped, took the ice could into his mouth
and bent down over my breasts, sucking first at one breast, than on the other,
drawing a low moan of pleasure from my throat.
       
        When the cube had finally melted he stopped, and I regretted him drawing
away from me. I must have looked rather disappointed, because he smiled again
and bent down to my face, brushing my lips with the faintest hint of a kiss.
       
        "I take it you want me to continue?"
       
        I stared up at him, pleadingly.
       
        "Please."
       
        He smiled at that, and then he took another cube and went down between
my legs. I tried to raise my upper body a bit so I could see what he was doing
there, but the tight straps kept me secured to the table top. So I had only my
sense of feeling, but I thought that that would be far more intense than just
looking.
       
        Tom slowly traced the ice cube down from the third strap to my crotch,
running it through the few hair that covered my pubic delta. I shivered when he
stopped just before reaching the inner folds of my labia and my clit. The ice
cube left my body, and I could feel my lower body tense up.
       
        The next thing I felt was his tongue gently licking up from my vagina to
my clit where it stayed just a moment, and made me gasp. Then he liked down
again, this time entering my hole just a bit, then he went up again. Each time
he stayed a bit longer at the end points of his "track", at the one time sucking
gently at my clit, at the other penetrating a bit further into me.
       
        The whole thing burned a bit because of the whipping I'd received
earlier, and because of the moisture of his saliva and my juices, but that
somehow only added up to the pleasure. Soon I was moaning constantly, wishing
him to go faster, unable to do anything, just being able to passive submit to
his every movement.
       
        I was already highly aroused when he stopped and pushed away from the
table, so that I could see his face. He smirked at me, looking a bit like a
mischievous boy, than he put the remaining ice cube again between his lips and
went down out of sight again.
       
        I felt him touch me again, feeling the cold ice slide up my labia, and
it was nearly too much for me to take. He seemed to feel it, because when he
reached my vagina, he only stayed there for a short time, prolonging that
bittersweet agony, slowly tracing up to my clit. There he sucked my bud of
pleasure greedily into his mouth, sucking down hard, and I could only cry out as
the first orgasm hit me.
       
        As a wave of pleasure ran threw my body I tried to buck against my
restraints, but didn't move an inch of course. So the only thing that I could do
was try to writhe under his tongue and cry out until I got horse again.
       
        Sometime during this he spit the half molten ice cube out, which landed
in my belly button, and succeeded in sucking my clit with his mouth alone, his
hands coming up towards my breasts and pinching my nipples hard, which excited
me even more. I had never imagined feeling so much pleasure, especially so
shortly after feeling the worst pain of my entire life. The world went hazy
about the edges, and when Tom finally ceased his teasing of me I could only lay
there with my eyes closed, a smile on my face, and being utterly satisfied.
       
        When I calmed down a bit I opened my eyes. Tom was leaning over me and
watching my face intently. I could only manage a weak smile, which he promptly
returned.
       
        "I guess I can spare myself the question if you liked it."
       
        "Thank you. Thank you so much."
       
        My voice sounded weaker than even after the whipping, which seemed to
make him smile even more. Then he produced a wet rug from somewhere under the
table and went to the task of slowly washing my legs and the area between them.
       
        "You just look a mess, covered in your juices. I'd get you into a bath,
but Amber wouldn't like that, and she's still got plans for you today. Maybe
later."
       
        When he mentioned the woman, I could feel myself frowning a bit, and
tensing up. Tom stopped his treatment and leaned against one of my legs, softly
caressing the heel of my foot with his lips.
       
        "Don't be so much afraid, I'm sure that the whip has been the worst for
today. And my now you should have realized that your training does not just
involve pain, but also pleasure. Maybe in some days you'll learn that the edge
between pleasure and pain is a very diffuse one. Didn't you get at least a bit
aroused from the whipping? At least your pussy was already drenched when I put
you up here."
       
        I could feel my face go bright red, and that made Tom laugh.
       
        "Now don't go all ashamed on me. You're not like the other two girls.
There's nothing bad in admitting that you liked it to some degree."
       
        Maybe for him it was no shame, but I had been brought up with different
believes, and although I might admit that me range of what I'd admit to like was
far broader than that of Jenny and Sarah, but right now it would simply have
been too much to tell him that he was right. But at the core of myself I knew
that I really had enjoyed part of it, particularly the helplessness, not being
able to do anything about it. Somehow that made me look just a bit forward to
why Amber had ordered me chained and strapped to the table.
       
        Tom seemed to realize that I wouldn't give him an answer, so he shrugged
and finished cleaning me up. When he had put away the rug again he winked at me
briefly and left the room, leaving me alone and wondering what might come next.
       
        TO BE CONTINUED ...




Tryout - Part 2

by Dari (dari69@hotmail.com)


I had been lying for quite some time chained and strapped to the table, alone,
in the second room of the dungeon. My position didn't permit me to get closer
looks at the whole room, but what I had seen of it before was enough to let
dread rise in me again. Admittedly I hadn't had much torture to tolerate up
until now, but then not more than 2 hours could have passed since I woke up that
morning, or whatever time of the day it had been.

Suddenly the door opened, and I could hear one pair of clicking heels enter.
Soon Amber came into view next to the table, smiling down on my. Her body was
covered by a sheen of sweat, and although I hadn't heard a thing I didn't doubt
that she's been working hard on my two friends who were still in the other room.
But as long as she was concerned with them she would let me rest, and that was a
thing I valued greatly.

"I hope it wasn't too boring here alone?"

I just stared up at her, again testing her reactions. Okay, not a really smart
thing considering that I was at her complete mercy, but somehow something inside
of me drove me to do it. When I saw her eyes turning into slits, I hurried to
give her the answer she wanted.

"No, Mistress."

Amber smiled again her lazy smile, but because of the mask that covered parts of
her face I couldn't quite see if it was friendly or not.

"Your spirit is up again, let's see if your body remembers my care for a little
while longer"

She pushed a button on the underside of the table, and suddenly the chains that
held my legs up in the air and spread shortened, and I was spread open even
wider, while my buttocks now also rested in the air, leaving my whole weight on
my upper back and shoulders. It hurt, but I tried not to flinch.

The woman slowly let her hands wonder over my now raised buttocks, finally
reaching my vagina. I gasped when she rubbed over the welts that covered the
inside of my thighs near my crouch and also the outer lips of my labia. Amber's
smile just widened as she saw me begin to writhe in pain, and began to pinch my
battered flesh. Only when I cried out loud did she stop and move her fingers up
towards my clit, only to stop before she touched it. Somehow I was grateful that
she hadn't touched me more because I feared that I was way too tender in the
whole region after Tom's tender care. For once the woman didn't try to inflict
the greatest possible pain on me, but I feared that it would only be of limited
time until she was doing it again.

"You know, you should consider yourself lucky that I let Tom bring you to an
orgasm, normally I don't allow that on such rebellious slaves as you are one.
But from what I have just seen from your two friends they wouldn't have enjoyed
the things he has done to you."

For a moment I thought about telling her that no sane woman would protest
against being orally satisfied, but then I knew how my friends thought about sex
in general, and compared to how it had hurt from the whipping before ...

Amber went again out of my view and let me wonder what was to come next.
Apparently I would be held in this miserable situation for quite some time, or
she would have her flunkies around to subdue me if I tried to do anything stupid
while they moved me. Soon she was back, but I couldn't see what she had done, or
even if she held something in her hands.

"We have some time for ourselves, just you and me, so I guess you can shed your
brave behaviour, you don't have to try to show me that you are doing everything
to avoid all of this here. I really understand why you do it in front of your
friends, but alone with only me around there is no need for that"

I wanted to reply, but in the last moment I stopped, remembering her rule about
not being allowed to speak unless asked to. Nevertheless she had spotted my
attempt, and now came around the table to stand right next to my upper body and
looked down at me.

"You want to tell me something, slut?"

I nodded my head, although I resented being called names like that. But if the
only thing I had to bear was being called slut or cunt, my life was next to
perfect.

"Yes Mistress, if you please."

Her smile broadened at my phrase. That was another point, if I could make my
life easier by saying things this way I'd do it any time. The only question left
open was only why I still struggled and tried to yank their chains.

"You have permission to speak, slave. Now what did you want to reply?"

"I don't do that because of my friends, or at least not only because of them."

A slight frown appeared on the woman's forehead, and she started to stroke the
portion of my belly that was visible between the straps.

"It's your twisted way of regaining your dignity and integrity, then?"

I nodded, and tried to find something in her face that indicated that she was
angry, but Amber's smile only grew a bit more warmly.

"I know that you do it because of that. Most of the slaves that do struggle have
similar reasons, and I respect them. Some Mistresses and Masters don't believing
in letting their pets have such quirks, but I find them quite interesting. If I
really want to break you I know how to do it, but apart from that it is fun for
me. You're only helping yourself to more punishment, I'm only too glad to
administer it if you want it so badly."

I didn't even try to respond to that, and the woman didn't really anticipate an
answer, but swiftly got back between my legs and worked at something out of my
field of vision, which hade me tense up automatically.

A moment later she got up again, both of her arms encased in surgical gloves
that reached halfway to her elbows and glistened with some fluid. When she
smiled at me over the length of my bent body, a cold shiver ran down my spine.
It was the smile that the cat showed the trapped mouse.

"As we are alone now, I will talk a little more to you, so that I can be sure of
having your full attention."

She looked briefly over her shoulder in the general direction of the door to the
other dungeon, than she turned back to me.

"I know that you are still a virgin, your friends made that quite clear to us."

I just frowned, not knowing exactly what she wanted to say by that. I could
imagine quite vividly what a tantrum Sarah and Jenny might have thrown at that,
but for me the thought of losing my virginity was not all that horrible. On the
contrary, I was a bit amazed that I had been here for some time and still could
claim that state.

Amber touched my right leg, and I jumped when the cool latex coated with fluid
made contact with my skin. With her other hand she gently began to rub two
fingers around my vaginal hole, only entering slightly with the tips from time
to time.

"Nevertheless it looks like there are no sign left that could prove that. Have
you been a naughty girl, Dari?"

I didn't really wonder where she knew my name from. If the girls had told her
that I was still not deflowered, they might as well have told her how my parents
had named me. Amber's bright grin stopped me from a quick answer, and I tried to
think of something to say that didn't make me sound like a slut.

"Come on, pet, don't get all ashamed on me, just tell me, do you masturbate or
not?"

I just nodded my head, a bit uneasy about it.

"That explains a lot. So you like that?"

While she spoke she slowly slid one of her lubricated fingers inside me, gently
rubbing in and out. I just stared up at her, this time not defiantly, only
unable to voice my feelings.

When I didn't reply she took my reply for affirmative, and the next time she
slid a second finger in next to the first. I felt that I was again getting
aroused, and tried not to concentrate on what she was doing to me.

Far too soon she stopped, but letting her two fingers rest deep inside of me.

"Really so full of shame? I can feel your body react to my touch, why do you
deny and try to hide it? That's really a thing we have to change. All of my
slaves should know what they enjoy, and voice it freely when asked. Now give it
a try, did you like what I just did?"

I swallowed hard, and then I closed my eyes briefly and answered her.

"Yes, Mistress, I like it very much."

The woman smiled again and now withdrew her hand from my sex.

"That's a good girl. I hope we can keep that up. Wasn't too hard, now was it?"

I resigned myself to a simple nod, which seemed to be sufficient. Amber again
disappeared under the table, and when she came back up I could see that she was
spreading still more lubricant over her hands, especially the one she had pushed
into me before. Meanwhile she talked on.

"Don't be afraid of what will come next. You won't loose the rest of your
virginity for now, at least for the time being. Adam and Tom are both right now
doing that to your two precious friends, for you I have other things in my mind.
There are so many things the both of us can do without male help."

I tried not to think about what was going on in the other room, but didn't
succeed. I guess Amber had only told me that to get exactly this result, and for
once I couldn't really keep her from her goal. Nevertheless there surely were
worse things than being fucked by a man, many of them plainly in sight down
here.

Amber had finally finished her lubricating job, and took again hold of my leg.
This time she began to probe the flesh around my anus, and I tensed up even more
without much having to think. The woman just gripped my leg harder, like she
wanted to show me how futile this was, and then she slowly began to work two of
her fingers into my other hole.

"It hurts much less if you don't clench your ass cheeks shut as if everything
would depend on it. Or do you have to shit before I begin this?"

I could feel colour creeping up my face and hurried to unclench my muscles.
Amber only smirked and worked the fingers in a bit more. At first it was only
irritating, but soon began to really hurt. Her fingers couldn't have entered
farther than up to the second segment when I had the feeling like she would slit
my ass every second, and cried out.

For a moment she stopped, than I saw her grapping a small tube and pouring some
liquid over my ass. When she resumed it hurt only insignificantly less, and I
cried out again. Then she slowly moved her fingers out again, only to slide them
in before they had fully left. This time she seemed to invade me a little bit
more, but it still hurt like hell.

The next time she withdrew her fingers completely and instead inserted the
nozzle of the tube into my anus. I could feel cool liquid be forced into myself
then she worked with the finger again. Now it went more smoothly, but was still
making me gasp in pain.

Amber must have worked my asshole for over 15 minutes when I could finally feel
her hand fully touch my behind when she slid in to the maximum. She seemed to be
satisfied then and withdrew fully from me. For some horrid seconds I could feel
my anus stay spread open, then the muscles clenched shut and a slight cramp went
from my behind to my lower back. I groaned again, hoping that the woman now had
lost interest in this particular region of my body. When I saw her coming back,
all my hopes died.

She had now shed her gloves and was holding something in her hand that I
couldn't name, but its purpose was clear. It was shaped like a rounded cone with
an extra spaced base, where it looked to be thicker than two of my fingers.
Amber held it up in front of my face so that I could get a clear view that I
never wanted to have.

"This cute little thing here is called a butt plug. I guess its name is
self-explanatory. This one is quite small, but for your first time it will be
enough. Again, stop tensing up and it will be easier for me to enter your behind
with it. And you should get used to having something stuffed up your ass; I
really like the look of pure shock on your face when I do it."

With these words she walked back again between my legs, and seconds after that I
could feel the round tip of the plug rest against my anus. Again she poured lube
over my ass; then she slowly began to work the latex plug into me.

For the first inch I thought that I could bear it without crying out, but then I
could feel it widen even more and the pain just grew too intense. Amber didn't
relent and just pushed harder, giving me no time to accommodate. I groaned and
sobbed and thought that this thing would surely split me open, just when I felt
a final wave of pain roll threw me. Then I felt my muscles shut tight around the
shaft that connected the base of the plug to the handle, and held my breath,
waiting for more pain.

The woman leant against my legs and lower body, smiling down at me again, while
she softly began to twist the plug a bit. It hurt, but was nothing compared to
the pain that had just subsided. When I didn't utter any more pain sounds she
let go of me completely and walked around to stand again by my side.

"You really look like it hurt that much."

It did hurt that much but I just looked up at her, relieved that she had finally
stopped torturing me with that thing. For some moments she just stared down at
me. Then she slowly began to fondle my breast, first kneading them, after a
while starting to pull and pinch my nipples.

"I will let the plug rest inside you for half an hour, and I expect to see it
still inside of your tight little ass when I come back. Do you understand that?"

She punctuated her statement my twisting my nipples sharply, and I drew in my
breath.

"Yes, Mistress!"

Still smiling she gave each of my tits a last slap, than she turned round and
left the room, leaving me still bound and hurting on the table.

For some minutes I could feel the pain in my ass slowly subside, but then
without my doing anything, all the muscles in my behind and thighs suddenly
began to spasm and clench uncontrollably. I cried out, trying to steady my body,
but it got even worse, not better. It clearly came from the position she had
left me in, not her former treatment of my body.

Either Amber had heard my wails of agony, or she had anticipated it happening,
because in no time she was standing next to me again, slowly beginning to kneed
my thighs and bottom, from time to time tugging at the plug and making me gasp
louder again. Her hands felt wonderful on my straining muscles, but even that
didn't really lessen it. When she realized that I was nearly passing out because
of the pain she stopped briefly and slapped me in the face to get my attention.
I stared up at her, trying to focus at her face while blinking the tears away
that had started flowing out of my eyes.

"I give you a choice. Either you stay in this position for another ten minutes,
or I will release you now, but tie you up again and use your cute little ass for
a longer time, which will in the end hurt you even more. It's again your choice
to make."

I needed some seconds to think that over, or rather until the next wave of
contractions ran through my body.

"Please untie me now, Mistress! Please!"

Her grin grew a bit more evil, but that didn't really bother me right now. The
only thing that was important for me was that this hellish torment would end as
soon as possible. Only seconds after I thought that Amber levered the chains
down, so that my feet and behind slowly went first into a horizontal position,
and a few seconds later I could feel my feet touch the ground. The pain subsided
slowly, but I still had to sob uncontrollably while Amber unfastened the straps
that held me to the table and finally helped me to sit up and roll over on my
stomach, so that my ass was now visible to the whole room.

Before I could even try to change my position a bit to stretch my muscles I
could feel her iron grip jerking on the back of my collar.

"Stay where you are, and don't try anything stupid, or I will make you regret it
all too soon."

When she finally released me again I simply lay still on the table and waited
what would come now. In this position the butt plug hurt more than before, but
it was nothing compare to the spasms.

Soon the woman was back, in her left hand two medical syringes. When she saw my
eyes widen, she just slapped me casually on my buttocks which made my bite down
hard on my lower lip.

"Just a little magnesia and some relaxants. Or would you rather have the craps
continue when I tie you up again?"

I shook my head, but still watched her anxiously as she injected the clear
liquid into my thighs. It didn't really hurt, and after some seconds I could
feel a cold burning feeling in my legs, then cosy warmth that spread up to the
middle of my back and my knees. When she slapped my ass again it didn't really
hurt, although my skin prickled badly afterwards.

Being satisfied with the results Amber put the syringes away and told me to get
up on my hands and knees. I complied quickly, fearing what she had in mind next.

Now the cuffs at my wrists were secured directly to the table, so that I
couldn't really move my hands away. The same happened to my ankles, although
they were bound to the sides of the table, so that again I was completely unable
to close my legs. Amber then pushed my head down towards the table top with
brutal strength and fastened my collar to a D-ring that lay between the eyelets
where my wrists were secured, so that my chin rested on the table, too, and my
behind must be poking upwards to the ceiling.

After making sure that I was secured on the table she put further leather straps
over my feet, encasing my legs from ankle to knee and strapping me efficiently
even more tightly to the table. I couldn't really move anymore, except wriggle
my behind from side to side.

"I'm now going to fetch your two friends so that they will get a good look at
what I'll be doing to you soon. Until then you will surely be a good girl and
keep the butt plug deep inside your ass, now will you?"

As to underline her order she screwed the plug once more, but this time it
didn't really hurt anymore. Evidently I was slowly accommodating to having
something stuffed up my anus. Then Amber left, her heels clicking on the stone
floor.

Again left alone to wait for my further torment I tried to calm down further and
stop myself from shaking. Right now I wasn't really in pain, and I got the
impression that I should relish such moments. Something inside of me revolved at
that thought, but somehow this whole thing was exciting me. Not that I had ever
wanted to participate in any such things, but now that I couldn't really do
anything against it it dawned me that it was not as horrible as it could have
been. Amber really seemed to know how far she could go without hurting me too
badly, and somehow in a twisted sort of way I trusted her. I didn't really have
any other options concerning that.

Far too soon I heard voices and the clicking of Amber's heels again, and from
the corner of my eye I saw that the two men dragged Sarah and Jenny inside the
room. Suddenly I was gad about the position Amber had chained me into, at least
I couldn't have to stare into their faces while she did whatever she was going
to do.

My two friends were now both chained with their wrists to chains coming down
from the ceiling, stretching them so far that they only barely touched the floor
with their bare feet. They both wore ball gags again, another thing I was glad
about. Their bodies didn't look like they had received more punishment than the
initial whipping, but their faces where stained with tears and their eyes red
from crying. Did I also look so completely forsaken?

Amber distracted my thoughts by coming up behind me and slowly beginning to
kneed the flesh of my ass cheeks. Deep inside of me something seemed to resonate
with her touch, and I let out a small moan when she twisted the plug again.
Something inside of me really seemed to have gone badly wrong over the last few
hours, because I was actually enjoying her caress.

Then she slowly began to pull the plug out. At first it hurt again when the
tight muscles of my anus tried not to let lose, but when the wide base of the
plug was finally free, the rest slid out without any problems, and I let out a
relieved sigh. The next moment Amber moved the plug back in, but only to the
point where my muscles began to strain again, sliding it slowly out again. She
was slowly fucking my ass with it, and I could feel my body actually moving
against her rhythm, trying to get the plug in a bit deeper.

Finally the woman slid the plug out completely, and for some moments I really
felt unfulfilled. When I realized what I was feeling I could feel my face grow
hot. That couldn't really be my thoughts!

Before I could find a reasonable reason for my acting Amber had walked around to
me, showing the plug to me again. In her other hand she held up a black dildo
that was at least twice as long as the plug and at the base more than one inch
wider. Then I understood why she showed it to me, and I could feel myself grow
cold with dread, which only made her smile again.

"Now don't look so scared, you wanted to do this."

I hadn't exactly wanted this, but then I remembered her telling me that the
alternative to the cramps would hurt far more I simply swallowed the protest I
had intended to put in and just looked at her. When she saw that I had calmed
down a bit she let the plug disappear under the table and held the dildo even
closer to my face.

"You see the harness I put on over my hips?"

She clipped the dildo to the front of the leather straps that went over her
tight pants, and then she unlocked it again, resting its tip against my lips.

"Now be a good little cunt and suck it. The wetter you'll make it, the less it
will hurt. Your ass is still lubed up a bit from the plug, but you don't want
this to do into you dry, now do you?"

She pushed a bit harder, evidently not waiting for an answer from me, and I
complied, opening my lips for her to slide the dildo it. It was a strange
feeling to let my tongue run over the latex cock, as I had never had a real
penis in any of my orifices, but it was not that bad. It somehow was far worse
that Amber petted my head like you'd pet a good dog while she slowly slid the
dildo in and out of my mouth.

When she seemed satisfied with my job the woman withdrew the dildo from my
mouth, clipped it again to her harness, and went out of my limited sight.
Seconds later I could feel the tip of the dildo rest against my anus.

"You've seen what happens if you clamp your muscles down too hard, try to relax
a bit more while I fuck your behind. And don't hesitate to scream if it really
hurts."

The last sentence didn't really make me feel any better, but I just resigned
myself to the task of trying to stay as calm as possible as she slowly began to
slide the dildo up my ass. The first inch really hurt, but then my muscles
seemed to relax without me doing anything, maybe because of the relaxants she
had earlier injected me.

Inch after inch she slid the dildo in, until she reached the point to which the
plug had protruded. Slowly again she slid it out till just the tip was still
inside of me, then pushing in again, this time a little faster, but still slowly
enough for me to prepare for it. This time she penetrated a bit farther,
resulting in bringing a stab of pain through my body.

The next time she was moving in I felt one of her hands fumble around for my
sex, and one of her fingers plunged into my vagina the moment the dildo went up
my ass. I let out a low moan, trying to lean back against her, but she quickly
withdrew on both sides of my body until she was barely touching me again.

While she kept the rhythm up my ass steady, Amber soon sped up pumping now two
fingers up my other hole, arousing me quickly, but keeping me well away from the
beginnings of an orgasm by penetrating even further into my ass. I was too
consumed in humping my body back against her to really feel much pain, but that
what I felt was rather bittersweet and aroused me even more.

Ambers fingers now moved up to my clit, drawing a sharp intake of breath from me
when she began rubbing the little bud even faster than she had fingerfucked my
pussy before. I tried to arch my back but the collar kept me chained closely to
the tabletop, making me moan in discomfort.

The dildo must have been up to two thirds of its length inside my ass when I
could feel the sharp pain of teeth sinking into the tensed flesh of my shoulder.
I cried out, but instead of in pain it was a shout of pleasure, coming hoarsely
out of my throat.

Now Amber also sped up her pumping action with the dildo, penetrating fast and
deep inside of me, hurting just a little less to make it unbearable, and
carrying me steadily towards an orgasm with her fingers over my clit.

For just a moment I thought that I would come now, but suddenly she ceased her
maltreating of my clit and grabbed my hips with both of her hands, plunging the
full length of the dildo into my ass. The pain was too intense to describe it
and my whole vision went white although I had my eyes opened wide. When I had
gathered enough air in my lungs I let it out in a high-pitched scream, while
Amber stood still, the dildo completely inside of me, her legs pressed to my
thighs and ass.

Then she withdrew it, oh so slowly, making me at first gasp and then whimper.
For a few seconds I had felt pleasure welling up under the pain, but as she now
left me gaping wide open with nothing inside of me the pleasure went away, only
the pain staying like a subdued companion.

I collapsed as far as I could on the table, brining my ass up even higher, but
for now I didn't care who would so just how much of myself. I just wanted her to
continue, to rape my ass until she finally gave me the release she had brought
me so close just moments before.

I hadn't realized that I had closed my eyes, but I must have, because when I
opened them Amber was sitting on her heels next to me, her eyes level with mine
while my right cheek rested on the tabletop. She looked rather serious and
concerned, like she didn't really know if I was okay.

 "You have been a good little slut, now close your eyes and rest a bit while I
think of something new to do for you. You do want to do something else to
pleasure me, am I right?"

I nodded, gazing up at her. Amber slowly bent forward and touched the fingers of
her hand to my lips. I could feel that they were glistening wet, and when I
opened my mouth and sucked at them I could taste my own juice on them. She let
me suck them clean, then she got up and went away, but I could still hear her
heels clicking around the room. Following her last order I closed my eyes,
relaxed and waited for her to tell me what to do next.

When my pulse finally reached a level where I could actually hear more than the
blood cursing through my ears I reopened my eyes and tried to look around a bit.
Jenny and Sarah were still chained a few feet away from me, both gagged, and
stared down at me. Apart from them I couldn't see anybody; evidently our
tormenters had left us alone for a while. Sarah seemed to be in a state of
shock, staring out blindly into noting, but Sarah's gaze weighted heavily on me,
accusing me with her eyes. I didn't understand why she looked at me that way,
because I was neither responsible for her being here, nor anything else, but
something seemed to have greatly upset her.

While I still thought about what this something could have been Amber came
walking back in, ignoring me fully and instead going over to my two friends. She
had shed the dildo harness and now carried a flat black paddle in her right
hand. It didn't look particular nasty, but I had already leant not to trust the
looks of the things that occupied the dungeon.

"Now, now, you look quite upset, my cutie, like it had been you who I've just
fucked till she nearly blacked out. Jealous?"

Sarah's eyes widened, but the gag prevented her from saying a thing, so she just
shook her head vehemently. She suddenly seemed rather afraid than upset. Amber
just smiled, signalling to someone I couldn't see, and Adam came over to her,
releasing Sarah from her bonds and dragging her over to the strange thing that
looked roughly like a buck we had used in the gym. He then chained and tied her
arms and ankles to the feet of the instalment, leaving her naked ass high up in
the air for everyone to see, even more prone than my own position. I could hear
her whimper even over the gag that muffled most other noises. The thing that
really amazed me about the whole thing was that she still hadn't struggled,
after seeing what they had just done to me.

Amber walked around the tied-up girl, till she stood directly behind her,
stroking her behind slowly with the paddle.

"It seems like you and that blond haired bitch over there hadn't had much
attention of me until now, so I thought I might give you a quick reminder of
what it means to obey me, or suffer. The horse can be used for many entertaining
positions, this one only being the easiest."

After making sure that Sarah was bound tightly and unable to move, Amber swung
the paddle for the first time. It made a strangely clapping sound when it
contacted with Sarah's ass, followed by a gag-muffled scream. From my point of
view it didn't really look all that painful, but I was glad not to be in my
friend's place.

Amber swung the paddle again, this time harder, and I could see Sarah's body
jerk when she struck her ass. Again the girl tried to cry out, but it only
sounded like she coughed. Amber then sped up her strikes, soon making the
clashing of leather on skin a constant noise, from time to time disturbed by
Sarah's dampened cries.

Finally the woman ceased her activity, looking down at her work. I could see
that Sarah's bottom was now bright red, and it must have hurt her a lot because
even after the torment had ended she didn't stop moaning into her gag. Amber
just left her were she was and went over to the other girl, Jenny.

Jenny snapped to attention when Amber took hold of her left nipple and twisted
hard. I could see my friends training against her bonds, but it didn't help her
in getting away from Amber.

"And now to you, slut. What should I do now with you to get your attention? I
seem to have neglected you badly, judging from that bored stares of yours."

Jenny tried to say something through the gag, but Amber silenced her with a hard
slap at her face.

"Did I give you permission to try to speak? No? Then why are you trying to say
something?"

The girl stilled in her bonds, just staring with bulging eyes straight ahead.
Amber began circling her, running her hands over Jenny's body, again paying
special attention to her nipples, then fingering her slit briefly.

"I guess you've had enough up there today, haven't you, cutesy? Let's try
something else ... how would you like licking your friend's pussy? I'm sure
Sarah would like that now, after my little treatment."

Even from a distance I could see jenny tense up. If Amber had told her that she
was going to kill her the next moment, she couldn't have looked any paler. In
that very second I guess I had done almost everything to trade places with
Jenny.

Quickly Jenny was loosened from her chains and brought over the kneel behind
Sarah, who was still too absorbed in her own pain to realize what was going on.
To my surprise Tom came over to me and began loosening the additional leather
straps that bound me to the table. When I looked at him, he just shrugged and
continued to undo the chains.

"I guess she wants to make sure that they know you're watching them. Nothing
big, so don't try anything stupid."

I could see a faint glint in his eyes, and when he had finally unhooked the last
chain he yanked me to my feet in one forceful motion. I yelped as my feet gave
way under me, and I would have fallen to the floor had he not been standing
behind me to catch my body. I felt terribly weak, and my muscles simply refused
to work.

Adam dragged me over to where Amber was giving instructions to Jenny, who looked
just devastated. Sarah evidently had also been informed about what was going to
happen, because I could hear muffled sounds coming from her, and she tried to
move in her tight restraints. Adam just stood me up next to the two girls,
gripping me hard around my middle section and pinning my arms to my body. Even
if I had had the strength I wouldn't have been able to move around much more
than Sarah.

Amber bent down and cupped Jenny's face in her hand, forcing her to look up at
me.

"You see, your little friend here will see exactly what you are doing, so keep
in mind that you have quite an audience. Don't disappoint her, or you might just
trade places with Sarah here."

When she mentioned Sarah's name, she curtly slapped the bound girls' behind,
drawing some sounds from her. Jenny just looked ready to cry, but didn't resist
when Amber forced her head nearer to Sarah's crotch. When the girl just stayed
rigid where Amber had forced her too, Amber slapped her briefly.

"Again I won't tell you. Now you better begin to lick her cunt, or else I will
make you regret that for the rest of your life!"

I could see tears running over Jenny's face and she shook all over, but she bent
even closer to Sarah and slowly extended her tongue towards her friends' sex.
When she touched her, Sarah also began to shake nearly uncontrollably, only held
in place by the tight bondage.

"Come on, she won't bite."

Amber took hold of Jenny's head again and forced her face into Sarah's crotch.
When she let loose again, Jenny had started to hesitantly lick the tender folds
of her friends' most private region.

I could feel Adam's breath hot on the side of my neck, and while Jenny
reluctantly began to put up a bit more of enthusiasm he reached between my legs
from behind and began to just rub his fingers up and down my slit.

"Beware, little slut, I haven't forgotten what you have done earlier, and if my
Mistress hadn't told me not to hurt or touch you, I would right now fuck you
senseless. But there will be another time, just hope that she won't let you be
totally at my mercy."

To punctuate his words he grabbed my clit between his thumb and forefinger and
twisted hard. Pain shot up through my body that had absolutely nothing to do
with pleasure, but no sound escaped my mouth, because in just that moment he
pressed me still tighter to his body, and I needed all the air that was left
inside of me for breathing. When he finally let go of my clit I would have
fallen down again hadn't me held me so tight.

During his little demonstration Jenny had, encouraged by another slap, begun to
really suck and lick at Sarah's sex, her face bright red, while little mewing
noises could be heard from Sarah, she wasn't entirely immune to the treatment
that her best friend was giving her. I stared down at the two, who both looked
equally embarrassed and aroused, wondering what they were thinking at the very
moment. When I looked up again I could see Amber studying my face, idly patting
Jenny's head. I didn't know what to do, so I just looked back at the
leather-clad woman, who then smiled at me before turning back at the two girls
on the floor.

"Okay, enough for now, stop it."

Jenny haltered in mid-motion as if struck by lighting and inched away from
Sarah, who stung stood passively in her bound position.

"I guess that was enough for now. Adam, please place your burden over there at
the cross, they you two bring these sluts into their chamber and feed them.
Afterwards I want them prepared for the night; I will come check on them later."

I could feel Adam nod, then he simply holstered me up and dragged me over to one
of the devices I hadn't been able to place a name or purpose on when I had seen
it before. Now that the woman had called it a cross I saw what she meant. It
consisted of two wide planks that crossed each other, with leather restraints at
about 1/3 away from the ends, being positioned horizontally to the floor on top
of a stable looking construction. He just dumped me on it, secured my arms at
the elbows and wrists, and my legs at the knees and ankles, and left me there.
For once there seemed to be no chain dangling down from above, so at least I
would stay this way, but I had not the faintest idea what this whole thing was
about. At least with the horse my imagination had brought something up, here it
failed me, maybe being for the better.

Amber joined me while I could see my two friends being led away by the men.
Somehow I envied them again, knowing that for me the day wouldn't be over for
some time to come.

"Now tell me, what do you think about what I had your two little friends do just
now?"

I had dreaded this question from the moment on when I had realized that she had
been watching me watch them, and I still didn't have a good answer. So I just
told her what came into my mind, dreading not answering more.

"I just don't know, Mistress."

She smiled faintly, irritating me a bit by that. She seemed to smile too often
for my comfort, and not always did this smile mean something good for me. Before
she spoke again, she slowly brushed some strands of hair off my face and
shoulders so that it was either trapped underneath me or hanging down loosely.

"You have to have your own thoughts about it. Just tell me, you won't me judged
by your answers. I just want to know what's going on inside of you. You don't
show your emotions quite so well as they do."

I blinked briefly, trying to get more time to think. Maybe I wasn't showing much
because I didn't feel much. But what had I really felt while looking down at
them?

"I guess I was a little bit envious, Mistress."

"Envious?"

I couldn't say if she mocked me or sounded really surprised, so I tried to
explain it further.

"They looked like it was the most horrible thing in the world, while I thought
that it was nothing compared to ..."

I hesitated, not finishing the sentence. I guess it wouldn't be too bright to
admit how painful the things were that she did to me, so I just let it slide,
knowing that she probably knew from the start what I was going to say. So she
finished my sentence.

"Nothing compared to what you had to suffer?"

I waited for scorn from her side, but she just calmly caressed my shoulder and
arm, so I nodded.

"Yes, Mistress."

Amber sighed, a reaction I hadn't anticipated, and leaned down to me, so that
her body nearly touched mine in some places.

"I know that, and you are probably right. But they would have broken under the
things that I did to you, and I don't want to break them, yet. As for you, you
are strong enough to live through them, and for you I have other things in mind.
I guess till now you haven't been held too short if it came to the prospect of
pleasuring you?"

For a moment I thought she wanted to taunt me, but she looked rather serious, so
I thought a moment over that.

"I never thought that I might come to like anything that would be happening to
me down here, but you have proven me wrong."

Amber smiled again, tracing my lips now with her finger tips.

"I would like to continue your training. I don't often find girls who adept that
fast, and seem to like parts of the things I do to them, and you evidently liked
it when I fucked you before. Now what do you say about that?"

Now I stared, not knowing what she had just implied by that. I wasn't here of my
own free will, hadn't done a thing without putting up a fight, and here she
asked me if I wanted this to go on?

Something must have shown on my face, because her smile grew a bit sad around
the edges.
"I know, it sounds strange at the moment, but there is a real difference. Of
course I won't let you go either way, but if you take my offer I will try to
find your weaknesses and strengths, using both to bring you the worst possible
pain and pleasure both. If you decline I will just tell the boys that they are
free to do everything they want to do with you, and I guess Adam would really
like that."

I swallowed hard, realizing that I didn't really have a choice.

"Can I ask a question, Mistress?"

She nodded, backing me to speak.

"What will you do to me exactly if I take that offer?"

Amber shrugged, frowning a bit as if there were far too many things to put into
a simple answer.

"For once, I will introduce you to all types of bondage and torture. By the end
of the week there won't be many items in this room or the others that you
haven't felt on your body. It will be very painful for you, and you will
possibly carry some of the marks for quite some time, but I will not seriously
damage your body. On the other hand I will show you just how much pleasure there
can be in each of these things, if you behave yourself and really want me to
dominate you. There will not be a real backing out, but you will always have the
choice to end this, returning to the alternative."

"And how long will all of this take, either way?"

Now she really smiled mischievously.

"Now that's a question I can't tell you the answer to because I don't know it.
Maybe a month, maybe more, maybe forever. Depends on how things will work out.
But you won't get out of here earlier if you refuse my offer, if you wanted to
know that."

Somehow it was spooky how she always seemed to know what I was thinking. I
didn't really know what to reply to that, so I stood mute, waiting for her to
continue, which she did after several seconds.

"I could give you some time to think this whole thing through, but as the option
to return to your friends always stays open, I want your decision now. But don't
let yourself be mislead by your stubbornness, agreeing now doesn't mean that I
expect from you that from now on you will be my obedient little slave. It just
means that you agree that what I have done to you today has somehow been
appealing to you, and that you want to know more, the only option being that you
have no other option if you decline. Now what do you say?"

Somehow this was a bit rushed, but as she put it the only option was whether I
would agree and get something out of it, or decline and be at their total mercy
with no hope of finding anything bearable. It was a not too difficult decision.

"I agree to it, Mistress."

Amber smiled and kissed me briefly on my lips, surprising me by that. When she
saw my look of total bewilderment, she leaned in closer still, now really
touching my upper body with hers.

"I said before that I want you to stay a virgin for some time, but there are
other ways of finding pleasure, if you just want it. You can always say no and
waive the pleasure I offer you, but I will offer it to you. Or do you also abhor
the thought of being with another woman?"

I just shook my head. It seemed to be the most reasonable thing to do, as it was
at least halfway the truth, and somehow I couldn't deny to her that I didn't
find the idea of kissing her somehow arousing. And if it kept her from hurting
me, better still.

Amber parted her lips a bit, toughing them again to mine, and this time she
stayed. When she felt me kissing back she forced my lips open with her tongue
and began to explore my mouth, all the while holding my face gently. When she
pulled away I couldn't deny that I was a little bit disappointed, which brought
a glint into her eyes.

"Not just now, my little hungry slut, there are still some things that I have to
do to you now before we will continue that. If you're a good little slut, I
should add. Now let's see what I could do next to that lovely body of yours."

She got up again and went to one of the cabinets that lined the walls. Soon she
came back, bringing with her a bowl of water, shaving cream and a razor. I could
keep a frown off my face, and when she saw it, Amber just smiled as she knelt
down between my feet.

"A slave like you should not look that neglected like you do right now. That
hairy bush really has to come off. As you will be totally nude most of the time
your cunt should be fully exposed for all to see. Now stay still, you don't want
me to cut you down there, now do you?"

Amber didn't really wait for a reply from me, but instead lathered my pubic
hair, put some shaving cream on and began to slowly shave me. She was evidently
used to it, because her slow strokes removed all the hair in no time.

When she had finished, Amber poured some water down over my pussy to wash away
the last remains of the foam. When she was satisfied with the result she picked
up the things again and put them away. Back she came with three red burning
candles.

"This won't be all that bad, it will rather be a test for your strength of will.
When enough wax has been liquefied by the flame, I will slowly let it drop down
your body. If you stay silent and don't flinch too much, I will stop after some
minutes, and that will be all for today for you. But if you throw a fit or
something like that, I will continue until it will really get unbearable.
Understand me?"

I just nodded, a little bit frightened. I knew how much candle wax burned on my
fingers, and I sort of liked that sensation, but from the way she had put it, it
would be far worse on other body parts. And I trusted her to find the worst of
these.

Amber smiled down at me again then she put the candles on the floor so that I
couldn't see them, and began to slowly caress my body. She just let her fingers
slide over my skin, just touching my thighs and belly, not even coming close to
my more intimate parts.

"If you behave yourself now, I will just send you back to your friends, secure
you to the wall but let you sleep on the floor. So you will have the chance of
getting some sleep if you want. But we'll see later about that."

She crouched down and came back up with one of the candles in her hands. The
candles were rather large in diameter, and burnt down a bit already. Amber
walked around me, coming to stand by my head. She slowly bent over and extended
the hand with the candle that it was roughly above my belly.

"Don't flinch."

Before I could really prepare and tense up, she dipped the candle to one side,
and the hot wax splashed down on the flat above my belly button. It hurt like
hell. I tried to rise up a bit or move slightly, but the restraints held me
down, and I could only really move my ass, but at least I didn't cry out.

When I opened my tightly shut eyes again, I saw Amber still standing where she
had been before, frowning down at me.

"Now I know that you can do better. I told you to hold still, and I expect you
to follow my orders. Or do you deliberately break them, slut?"

I hurried to shake my head, but her frown stayed.

"Show me that you mean it. You won't move now, understand?"

"Yes, Mistress!"

My voice sounded a bit scared, and I guess it was that tone that made her smile
again. The she bent over a bit more, and I glued my eyes to the candle,
clenching my wrists and tightening my muscles. I would try everything this time
not to flinch, or try it. It was useless if I did it, but I feared that I
wouldn't be able to repress that instinct.

Amber let the wax drip down on me again, this time a little higher, between my
breasts. Maybe it was her thread, or the inability to move higher on my body,
but this time I succeeded in only gasping slightly without squeaming around in
my bound position.

"Good girl. Now continue that way, and we won't have any problems."

She patted me briefly on the head while she put down the candle and came up with
the next one. This time she didn't warn me, and when the hot wax splashed down
on my left nipple I let out a cry, but grinding my back into the wood underneath
you so that I wouldn't move too much. It hurt so much worse on my breast that it
took me some time to steady my breath again.

When she saw that I was calming down again Amber continued, this time with my
right nipple. It couldn't be possible, but I had the sensation that it burnt
even worse there, but I didn't flinch much.

Amber exchanged the candles again, still smiling down at me. This time she
didn't spend the wax in two or more rounds, but dragged it in a line from my
left breast to my right. I sort of reared p in my restraints, but couldn't do
much except tighten my body up further. It hurt so much that I thought that I
couldn't bear it any more. When the wax finally cooled bows a bit I could feel
it harden on my nipple, getting them hard and erect in the process.

"Maybe I have overestimated you. It seems like you are more squeamish that I
thought. If you go on like this you will really get me angry."

I wanted to assure her that I didn't mean it like that, but she put her hand
down on my mouth before I could even open it fully.

"Spare me your lame excuses. If you want to spend a very painful and
uncomfortable night, just go on like this."

When she let me go I just stared up at her, but staying mute. She really looked
kind of enraged when she moved to my side and picked up the candle again. This
time she didn't look at my body but stared into my face when she upended it,
splashing all the wax over my belly. I clenched up and tried not to move, but it
was nearly impossible.

The wax of the next candle came again in one rush, this time over the middle of
my belly, running in a hot runnel down the sides of my body. It hurt so much
that my vision began to blur for some minutes, and my clenched muscles already
began to quiver a bit, but I didn't loosen them, afraid of what would happen if
I didn't try to tense up as much as possible.

Amber picked up the third candle again, this time leaning down over my belly
again, and smiling up at me rather nastily. Then she slowly dipped it, so that
the wax came down in only a very small line, hitting me low at my belly. Then
she titled the candle up a bit so that the wax began to flow over my body. But
this time it didn't run over my sides, but slowly crept down to me lower lips.

I sensed up even more when I felt the hot stream getting to the top of my pubic
region that had formerly been covered by hair. I inhaled sharply and clenched my
jaw shut so that I wouldn't scream, but the wax ran out just before it touched
the inner folds of my vagina. When it had cooled a bit I let out a sigh, but the
nasty smile on Amber's face made me grow pale a bit.

This time she didn't wait long for the first candle to built up much wax but
just picked it up after she had put up the third one, positioning it over my
vagina.

"If you don't wreathe now you will make up some of your faults from before. But
for that I don't want to you move, and I don't want to hear anything from you."

Then she upended the candle, and the wax continued its path down my slit. My
body shook from the tension I built up, and I bit my tongue hard to keep from
screaming. All the other pain seemed to be nothing compared to this, and my
world went blank for some moments, the searing pain being the only thing that
existed.

This time I took me much longer to calm down again, and I couldn't really stop
panting. All the time Amber just looked down at me, no single emotion showing on
her face. Then she moved up to my head again, and I saw that she had a blindfold
in her hands. I could feel my eyes grow wide. If she blindfolded me and I
couldn't see when she let the wax splash down I wouldn't be able to prepare for
it. But considering the not-yet subsided pain I wasn't so sure if I could stand
any more whether I could prepare for it or not.

Without any further words she put the black cloth over my eyes, making me
totally blind. I could feel my pulse speed up when I heard her heels clicking
when she moved away again. Then I heard and felt nothing, and this really
frightened me. Was she just standing there and looking at me or did she hold the
next candle already poised towards my body?

I tried to tighten my muscles again, but it only resulted in a slight cramp in
my behind. I whimpered in frustration, and futilely tried to get my muscles to
do what I wanted them to do, but didn't succeed. Amber must have been watching
me, because she chose just the moment when I hadn't tensed up in the least for
the next wax treatment.

This time when let it again drip down on my breasts, but only in small droplets,
alternating between my boobs. I was so startled that I didn't move nor cry out,
but it still hurt. Just when the last drops began to cool she continued down my
belly, causing my muscles there to spasm, too. My breath caught in my throat and
I tried to press my body against the cross so that I wouldn't move, when she
stopped again near my pubic region.

I couldn't suppress a small whimper when the silence stretched, dreading her to
continue where she had stopped, but nothing happened for quite some time. I
didn't loosen up, still afraid that she was just waiting for that. Then I felt
her touching me, slowly running a finger down my slit, skipping lightly over the
solid wax crust.

Next I heard her heels clicking, and Amber removed the blindfold. I couldn't
read anything on her face, but she held the extinct candles in her hands while
she gazed down at me. Then she went to the wall again, returning with a crop
that looked like the one she had earlier used on me, but smaller and with a
plastic plate on top. When she touched it on my belly and slowly ran it up to my
breasts I could feel that it was not as hard as it had felt like.

She stopped between my breasts, bringing the crop away from my body again. Amber
flexed it again, as it to show me how easily it bent, then she swung it down on
my right breast. I inhaled sharply and tensed up as much as I could, but it
didn't hurt as much as the wax before. Again she slapped me, and little junks of
wax began flying away from my breasts.

Amber continued whipping my breast, paying special attention to the nipple,
until all the wax had peeled away. Then she continued to my other side, again
whipping the tender flesh until it was clean of wax. For my belly she didn't
take that much time, but when she moved between my legs the stroked got harder
and harder, and it cost me my whole strength not to cry out.

Finally she put the whip away again, still looking down at me without any
emotion on my face. Again she went to the cabinet, coming back with a strange
leather harness and a small butt plug. She put down the new things and began to
loosen my restraints. When she finished she told me harshly to get up. I tried
to follow her order quickly, but it took me some tries to stand on my own feet
again. My whole body shook from the former tension, and I wasn't really sure
that I would be able to walk.

Amber told be to hold still, which I did, while she chinched the belt part of
the harness around my waist. She put it on with more tension than necessary,
narrowing down my waist painfully. Then she told me to open my mouth. When I
complied she put the butt plug in and out of it several times, telling me to
lube it up as best as I could.

When she was satisfied she told me to turn around, bend down over the cross and
open my legs. She inserted the plug in one swift movement, making me gasp in
pain. Then she told me to get up again, drawing a strap between my legs and over
the plug, securing it at the back of the waist band, again making sure that it
fit too tightly.

Next she produced a short leash which she connected to my collar, and began to
lead me to the other room. It took me rather long to stumble after her, but
Amber didn't particularly hurry. When she led me into the other room I could see
my two friends curled up on the floor, both gagged and with their feet drawn up
to their chests and their arms wrapped around them, bound into this position by
various straps.

Amber led me to the opposite wall, connecting the leash to one of the rings in
the wall, and told me to sit down. The plug moved uncomfortably in my body, but
it didn't really hurt. It was just annoying. Then she chained my wrists
together, connecting them to the wall above my head. My feet she let unbound.
After a rough examination of her work she bent down to me again, fondling my
still hurting nipples while she whispered to me.

"I expect you to stay silent for the night, and find you in exactly this
position when I return in the morning. Do I make myself clear?"

I nodded, too tired to do something different. Amber smiled again, patting my
head slightly.

"You've not been a good slave today, but it takes time and lots of training to
control ones body. If you try a bit more you will soon succeed. Now sleep,
tomorrow will be a busy day for you."

With that she got up again and left the room. After she was gone the lights
dimmed till I could hardly see anything, and fell asleep before I could even
think about my miserable position.


TO BE CONTINUED - Feedback greatly appreciated (mail to dari69@hotmail.com)




Tryout - Part 3

	by Dari (dari69@hotmail.com)
	

	I woke up when someone opened the door and the lights came on. I hadn't
been sleeping much this night, with my whole body aching and burning and the
butt plug getting me wide awake every time I even moved an inch. Some time ago
my normal bodily demands had kicked in, and the reason I was writhing a bit
right now was because I had the dire need to go to the toilet, and that very
soon. The hunger that was slowly eating a hole into my stomach was nothing
compared to that.

	Amber came into the room alone, today dressed in a tight black leather
bra and a short leather skirt, with black leather gloves encasing her arms up to
the middle of her upper arm, her outfit again completed by her high-heeled boots
and the mask that partly covered her face. I didn't really understand why she
covered her face up because we had no means to escape on our own, but then
nothing what was going on around here wondered me much any more after the last
day.

	The woman ignored me and walked over to my two bound friends, who'd also
awakened with her entry. Sarah and Jenny simply looked miserable, although I
knew that they hadn't had to endure so much as me. I didn't really hold that
against them, but inwardly I begged that Amber would keep me away from them
because I couldn't stand their pathetic passiveness any longer.

	After examining them briefly, Amber got up again and returned with two
bowls that she sat down in front of the girls. Then she removed their gags,
telling them to eat all of their food or they would be punished severely. It
looked quite funny to watch them, both tied and trying to eat with only their
mouths. I stopped smirking before Amber rounded on me.

	The tall woman came to me with sure strides, a slight smile on her face.
She often smiled down at me that way, and I got the impression that it either
didn't bode well when she did it, or that she just did it every time she looked
at me.

	"Good morning, my disobedient little slut. Have you had a good night?"

	I tried hard not to frown. I could never tell if she was just treating
me like a dog or constantly mocking me. Maybe she did both. But I answered her
truthfully.

	"Not really, Mistress."

	Her smile grew a little bit wider, and I could see amusement sparkling
in her eyes.

	"And why not? Don't you like your accommodations?"

	I am stupid when it gets to avoiding traps, but I clearly did see this
one.

	"No Mistress. I just have to go to the toilet, and that kept me awake
most of the night."

	Amber bent down and examined the straps of the harness she had put on me
before leaving me here.

	"Seems like you've been a good slave, not wetting yourself. Now bed me
to let you relieve yourself, and maybe I will grant it to you."

	I stared at her for some seconds, having to swallow a load of words that
would surely not get me into a better situation, then I sort of obliged. At
least as far as my dignity let me to.

	"Please Mistress, I beg you to let me go to the toilet. Please?"

	The woman's smile didn't change, but she was obviously having a good
time. Instead of giving me an answer she got up again and signalled to someone I
couldn't see. Next her two flunkies, Adam and Tom, got in. Since I had been
putting up a fight some of the times they never unchained me without making sure
that I was nearly unable to move.

	Amber said something to them that I couldn't understand then Adam
unchained my bound arms and drew me to my feet. I winced because of the pain
that raced through my stiff muscles briefly, and then I tried to press my legs
together to keep my bladder in check. Normally I'm quite good in that, but I
hadn't been able to go to the toilet for far too long, and it really really
hurt. Adam went to stand behind me, drawing my arms painfully to my back, and
holding me this way while Amber came over to me again, taking her time.

	"You really look quite uncomfortable. I guess we should speed up a bit,
or else there will be a little accident, now will there be?"

	I just stared at her, hoping that she could see the scorn in my face.
Like always she simply ignored me, coming to stand right in front of me. Then
she began to caress my breasts. The leather of her gloves felt strange on my
naked flesh. When she started to pinch my nipples I had to draw in my breath.
First it hurt, my nipples still being sore from yesterday, and second it kind of
aroused me, which didn't come good compared to my having to pee so badly. From
her smile I could see that she knew exactly what she did to me.

	When she stopped again I had to really press my legs together which was
not that easy with the wide leather strap running between them, but I managed
it, even if I felt that it wouldn't be for long. Again Amber seemed to know my
limits, because she signalled again, and Tom came over with a bucket that he put
down in front of me. I wasn't really all that shocked that they would have me
pee in a bucket; I just wanted to do it as fast as possible.

	Without a further command Adam turned me around so that my back was
facing the room, and I could feel Amber's hands on my buttocks. She took her
time caressing my ass, and then I felt her unbuckling the strap that held the
butt plug inside my ass.

	"Now open your legs, and keep the plug inside you, even after I remove
the strap."

	I tensed up as much as I could and hesitantly opened my leg. Amber
slapped my inner thighs gently until she thought that I had opened up enough,
then she let go of the strap. I could feel the plug give way for a moment, and
clenched my muscles even more. Letting loose was not an option, and I didn't
want to risk angering her.

	While I fought with myself Adam urged me to turn around again, which
took some time with me having to keep my legs apart. When I finally faced Amber
again she unbuckled the waist strap of the harness and freed me from it. Then
she smirked again, and put a hand to my sex. I squealed when she began to
massage my pussy, slowly rubbing one of her fingers over my clit. When she
inserted a finger into my vagina it was pure luck that let me still keep my
control up, but I started to quiver and whimper. Why couldn't she just let me
relieve myself?

	Evidently she got my signals right, because Amber soon stopped and
retracted her hand, drawing the butt plug out in one swift movement. Then she
pushed the bucket between my legs, and told me to squat down and piss. I
complied, happy with me finally allowed to relieve myself. And it felt so good.

	When I was finished Adam forced me up again, while Amber wiped me clean
with a sheet of toilet paper. While Tom took the bucket away again I got a brief
glimpse across the room at my two friends. They stared at me in disgust, and for
once I couldn't really understand them. It really wasn't my way to publicly
urinate, but if the other option was to piss myself I would do it gladly again.
Amber saw where I looked and just smirked. She did that a lot when she saw how
my friends reacted to what I did, or what was done to me.

	"Bring her to the other room and secure her on the chair. I will be
there soon."

	I could feel Adam nod, then he forced me forward, walking me with my
arms still bent behind my back like he wanted to break them any seconds. I was
sure that if I slipped that would happen, and he wouldn't be sorry in the least.
Before we left the room I saw Amber untie my friends, and they were against
chained upright to the wall.

	Adam brought me over to the thing that looked like a modified
gynaecological chair. He told me to get up on the two platforms where my feet
would rest then he chained my arms to the back of the back rest, and secured my
ankles to the foot platforms. Then he buckled a wide strap over my hips so that
I couldn't move around any more, and left me there. It felt rather like I'd been
chained to a board.

	I wasn't left alone for long, for Amber came soon after her flunky had
left me. She came over to me and tilted the whole thing I was chained to back,
so that I couldn't see the floor anymore, but was still not lying flat on my
back. She then unchained my feet briefly, put them into two sheens that began at
the knee and forced my legs farther apart, securing my ankles again. This way
she left my crotch fully exposed, and my thighs opened so much that the muscles
began to hurt only seconds after she had secured the whole construction.

	When she was finished Amber went to one of the cabinets that lined the
walls of the room and returned with a whip like thing only that out of its
handle came a whole bunch of leather straps. The woman traced the straps over my
body, begging from my belly upwards between my breasts. I could feel that the
leather was rather soft, but the intent of the instrument was quite clear, and I
didn't let myself be fooled by the sensation. If she whipped me with it, it
would surely hurt a lot. So much I had learned until now.

	"Now this handy thing here is called a flogger. It's not as painful as a
normal whip, but it covers a greater area, and it can be used much longer. But
you'll find all this out soon."

	Amber traced the flogger back down my belly, this time sliding it over
my crouch. Then she stepped back again a bit, smirked at me a bit, and let the
flogger come down on my breasts a bit harder. It didn't really hurt, but I
winced when some of the leather strings connected with my sore nipple. Next time
she hit me on the other breast, this time a bit harder, then on my belly three
times, working her way down until the last lash was close to my sex.

	I tensed up, anticipating where she would strike next, but Amber
continued by whipping my spread thighs, beginning above the knee and working up
towards my vagina. She stopped again before she could hit my sex, and began
again with whipping my belly and breasts. It would be a lie to say that it
didn't hurt, but it was bearable, and somehow it aroused me a bit.

	Then Amber stopped again, and gently traced the flogger over my sex
again. Then she let it swing against my vagina, first softly, then with more
force, until she whipped me several times rather hard. I winced with every
strike, but didn't cry out, and when she stopped again I knew that I was getting
wet from the whipping. This realisation sort of struck me dumb, and I tried to
get these thoughts out of my mind, but when Amber resumed the whipping of my
breasts I couldn't deny that the moan I let out was only partly because of the
pain. When I looked into Ambers eyes I knew that she knew the effects of her
treatment.

	Again she let the flogger down hard on my sex, this time aiming for my
clit. I screamed when she hit it hard, but with the pain came a wave of arousal,
and I bit down hard on my lips to keep me from omitting further noises. After
four more strokes Amber quit, laying the flogger down on the floor, and looking
me up and down. I was covered in sweat and my breath was coming way too fast.

	"You look like you are not quite certain if you should cry in pain or
moan in pleasure."

	I didn't respond, partly because she hadn't asked me, and partly because
I feared what I might say to her. The woman only smiled, then traced the folds
of my labia with her fingers. It hurt a bit, the flesh being swollen from the
flogging, but not only because of it, and felt good at the same time. She
neither touched my clit nor but a finger into me, but it still aroused me
further. I bit down on my lower lip again to keep from moaning.

	Amber then stopped and brought her fingers up to my face. They were like
I had dreaded glistening wet.

	"Looks like you really enjoyed yourself. Are you now able to admit that
the things I do to you arouse you?"

	I just stared at her, denying her the answer. For a moment it looked
like she would go furious, but then Amber just shrugged and wiped her fingers
clean on my thigh and went to the cabinet again. She returned with a box whose
contents I couldn't see.

	"You don't have to answer me if you're still fighting with yourself over
it. I know what you feel, and your body is betraying you. You are betraying
yourself."

	She put the box somewhere next to me spread feet where I still couldn't
see into it and sat down on a stool between my legs.

	"Soon you will understand how stupid and futile your tries are to hold
on to these false beliefs of modesty. You are just denying yourself the pleasure
your body craves for. But now I have to punish you for your disobedience
yesterday."

	Disobedience was a bit much, I thought. She couldn't really have
expected me to hold still when she splashed hot wax over my most private parts,
but then I knew that she would have found another reason for doing whatever
would come now if I hadn't flinched. Amber didn't need a particular reason for
administering pain.

	She opened the box and took something out. When she showed it to me I
was a bit puzzled. What she showed me was a wooden clothes pin, or at least it
looked like one. Amber evidently saw my puzzlement and only shrugged.

	"Doesn't look like much, now does it? Just an ordinary clothes pin. But
you would be surprised how many ordinary looking things can find other
purposes."

	The woman then began to stroke my pussy with her free hand, and a sort
of dread began to rise inside of me. There must be a reason why she had sat down
between my legs, and the possibilities that came to my mind didn't really appeal
to me.

	When she saw that I was beginning to frown Amber just smiled her usual
smile. Then she separated my pussy lips and clamped the pin to the left one in
the middle. I inhaled sharply when an incredible pain shut up inside my body,
but soon it subsided to a still hurting feeling, but grew tolerable. While I had
struggled to compensate the pain Amber had grabbed another pin and now applied
it to my other pussy lip, mirroring the first one. I winced and futilely tried
to move my ass a bit, but didn't succeed in any way.

	Amber's smile lessened a bit while she took the next two pins, and she
looked a bit like she had to concentrate. Then she put the pins below the ones
already there, making me gasp in pain again. When I saw her taking another two
pins out of the box I just closed my eyes and let my head rest against the board
I was chained to. It didn't get better if I watched her, and I could feel quite
good what she did.

	Again she gently grabbed one of my pussy lips, drew it a bit away from
my body and applied another pin, this one being at the lower and of the lip,
directly next to my vagina. I tensed up even more and tried to suppress the
whimper that escaped me, not succeeding when the pain again grew more when she
put on the mirroring clamp on my other pussy lip.

	Then I felt her fingers sliding upwards a bit, and she put on two more
pins, these two at the upper end of my pussy lips, roughly next to my clit. When
her hands left my body altogether I sighed briefly and opened again when I
didn't hear anything from her.

	Amber still sat between my spread legs, looking critically at her work.
When she saw me watching she smiled briefly again, then she gently began tugging
on the clothes pins. Or at least it looked like she only gently tugged at them,
but the dumb feeling of pain increased rapidly and let me cry out. As long as
she didn't touch the pins I could tolerate the pain, but when she tugged at them
or moved them to either side I could only gasp. It simply hurt more than it
should have from the rather harmless look of the whole thing. After drawing some
sounds of pain from me Amber stopped and stood up again.

	"It hurts, now does it?"

	I just nodded, for once not trying to deny her an answer. I knew that
admitting wouldn't get me out of this situation, but maybe it wouldn't prolong
everything. This time Amber didn't react to my admittance but again walked over
to the cabinet, returning with a handful of ropes. She uncoiled two of the
pieces, both roughly one metre long. One she hung over my spread legs, the other
she measured again.

	Then she lent forward, grabbing my right breast in one hand and
massaging it briefly. With my hands tied behind my back my tits seemed to jut
out a bit, but I hadn't really paid any attention to it. Until now, when Amber
began to fasten the rope around my right breast, winding it about the base for
four times and making sure that was spanned as tightly as it would go. I bit
down on my lip to keep from making sounds while she knotted the rope. Then she
repeated the whole procedure with my other breast. When she was finished the
flesh of my right tit had already started to burn a bit, and my already
sensitive nipples began to hurt slightly, while the whole flesh turned red from
the accumulating blood. All in all it was a painful situation.

	After finishing her work on my breasts Amber took another length of
rope, while she placed the other hand on the clothes pins of one side of my
pussy and pushing them towards my thigh. Then she laid the rope over the pins
and wound it several times over my leg, pinning the pins against it. Before it
had only hurt when she had touched the pins, now that they were pushed against
my leg they constantly hurt like she was tugging on them. I started to whimper a
bit, and for once I couldn't make myself stop.

	The pain grew even more intense when she bound the clamps of my other
side to the other leg, drawing my pussy lips far apart. This alone might have
hurt all by itself, but combined with the pain from the pins it turned my
whimpers into sobs. I tried to calm down a bit to be able to breathe normally,
but didn't succeed.

	Amber then stood back and looked me up and down, evidently admiring her
work, although as far as I could see it she didn't smile. She then tugged
briefly at some of the rope coils, fitting them better in, and again looked me
up and down. My sobs were the only sound in the whole room.

	Finally the woman stepped forward again and looked me in the face.
Slowly she wiped my cheeks, but the tears only began to flow more regularly
then. My vision blurred, and I closed my eyes, for some moments only feeling the
pain that radiated from my crouch and breasts. What made it so much worse was
that it didn't just burn like the whip, but was a constant pain, that didn't
lessen after some time. On the contrary, it seemed to grow worse from minute to
minute,

	Amber again wiped my face, this time with a tissue, and stroked my hair,
uttering some soothing sounds. Somehow this only worsened the whole situation,
with her showing some kind of perverted compassion and trying to calm me, and
being responsible for all the pain.

	When she stopped and I heard her going away I finally got a grip on
myself again and at east ceased sobbing. It didn't help me in the least, and
after the initial shock I could again control myself. At least a little. When I
looked down at my bound body the tears threatened to well up again. My breasts
had turned a light shade of purple, and looked rather swollen, especially my
nipples. The same applied to my pussy lips, and the whole coloured flesh was one
burning and biting pain.

	I tried to divert my mind to other matters and turned my head instead to
look for Amber. She was rummaging through one of the cabinets, but considering
how fast she normally found her things she seemed to give me some time for
myself, maybe to consider my situation. Or to simply let me rot there and wait
until I couldn't stand it anymore, and grew mad or something.

	As if she had read my thoughts she turned around and came back to me.
She had something clasped in her hands, but I couldn't see it, and right now I
really didn't want to see it. I just wanted this whole thing to end. I would
rather endure her pouring wax over me again, or whipping me with the crop, or
whatever, but end this never-ending torment.

	The woman positioned herself in front of me again, this time smirking
again. This didn't bode well. I was rewarded with being right when she began to
poke my tits, drawing whimpers and sobs from my throat. When she pinched my
nipples the pain was so much that I cried out briefly, but it had no effect on
her. She just smirked at me and continued.

	When she stopped again I didn't allow myself the hope that it would end
now. She wouldn't smile like a cat in front of a bowl of cream if that would be
all for now. And, sadly, I should be right this time.

	Amber tent forward again, grabbing my left tit in one of her hands and
massaged the flesh. It hurt so much that I sort of howled, but she only smiled
and laid a finger to my lips.

	"Spare your breath. You'll need it soon. Believe me; you haven't felt
the worst yet."

	With these words she showed me what she had brought with her from the
cabinet. The clamps looked like metal clothes pins, only that they had some
screw that looked like you could adjust something on them. I had never seen the
likes of them before, but considering where she right now touched me it really
couldn't get any better.

	Fright welt up inside of me, and I squealed, trying to twist out of her
grip. The action was totally futile because of the straps that held me in my
position and the way my arms were bound behind my back, and it only resulted in
still more pain as the woman simply gripped my breast harder, turning my squeal
into a scream.

	Amber let me fidget a while, only digging her fingers deeper into my
already hurting flesh, but something in my brain was about to snap and simply
didn't let me stay passive anymore. The fact that I only hurt myself more with
it didn't really occur to me; I wasn't able to think at all.

	After some minutes she must have grown board with me, and simply slapped
me hard and several times in the face, rocking my head hard against the board
behind it. I stilled again, being a bit dazed, the pain simply overwhelming me.
Amber used the moment to swiftly apply both metal clamps to my nipples at the
same time.

	For a second or two my vision seemed to blank out from pain. I couldn't
scream, I couldn't move, I couldn't even think. Then I drew a shaky breath, and
from the times my lungs had enough air to produce anything I screamed, as loud
and long as I could. The pain in my nipples simply overshadowed everything else.

	When the worst pain subsided a bit I slowly calmed down, partly because
I must have been both hyperventilating and not getting enough air at the same
time, and when my body felt my consciousness slipping away it simply shut down
the control I had over it and sort of calmed itself. When I could think clearly
again the pain in my nipples had really lessened a bit, or at least it felt like
it had, or I simply got used to it all.

	When I looked up I saw Amber standing in front of me, clearly out of my
anyway not given action radius, and just looked at me. She didn't smirk, she
didn't frown, she didn't even smile, and she just looked. I really didn't know
what or if she even expected anything, so I just looked at her, trying to at
least plead with my eyes for her to end this whole thing. When she finally spoke
she sounded calm, but rather cool, without her normal teasing undertone.

	"I guess it's about time that we speak again. At least now I have your
attention."

	For once I had no problems to suppress a witty answer, because none came
to my mind. I just continued to look at her, waiting for her to continue, what
she promptly did.

	"As you have just seen, and feel very intensely right now, there is
always a way to hurt you, and if you are stubborn, there is always a way to hurt
you more."

	To stress her words she slowly turned the screw first at the one, than
at the other clamp on my nipples, drawing some more wails from me when the pain
worsened for a while, and stayed hot and pulsating afterwards.

	"Do you understand that, cunt?"

	I hurried to nod, but not opening my mouth, afraid that I would be
unable to speak right now. The answer seemed to be enough for her, because Amber
went on.

	"I don't expect from you that you follow my every word, or even try to
predict my actions. I just want you to follow my orders, every single one,
without exception. Is this clear now?"

	I nodded again, tensing up again when she came near to me again, but she
just leant her body against one of my legs, which didn't really hurt compared to
all the rest of my body.

	"Good. But that is not everything. I want you to think hard for a while,
about your general behaviour. I know that it is not easy to shed ones moral high
grounds, but you have already admitted that you get aroused when I handle you
rather roughly. You should come to terms with yourself, and admit that you like
it. That you need it. Do that, or I will continue with examples like today. I
give you fifteen minutes to think, with a little extra remainder, and then I
want an answer from you."

	I tried to open my mouth and say something, but she hushed me with a
small gesture.

	"Not now."

	When she saw that I had closed my mouth again she bent down and picked
something up from the floor. It was a small chain. Swiftly she hooked one end of
the chain to one of the clamps, then to the other, again making me sob, but as
before she ignored my reactions.

	I briefly closed my eyes, concentrating on how the pain slowly grew
less. When I opened them again Amber was nowhere to be seen, but I heard her
rummaging somewhere behind my back. All too soon I heard the clicking of her
heals coming back to me. In her right hand she carried something that looked
remotely like a small dildo.

	"Don't worry, I'm not going to fuck you with this vibrator, but you'll
be begging me to do it after I finish with you."

	The woman then bent down and positioned the vibrator between my spread
pussy lips. I heard a clicking sound, maybe there was some way to directly apply
it to the chair, but I couldn't quite see that much. When she turned it on I
could feel it vibrating lightly against my sex.

	"If your current position you won't be able to either rum yourself on
it, nor draw away. It's only on the very slightest level, not enough to arouse
you that much that you'll cum, but enough to arouse you. See you later, cunt."

	With that Amber turned around and left the room. I couldn't help but
frown. At first the motions of the vibe had tightened my pussy lips a bit and
the pain hat worsened a bit, but I could feel it lessen right now, and Amber had
been right insofar that the vibe did stimulate me. It didn't touch my clit but
very nearly, and all in all it was a rather good feeling.

	But after five minutes or so I realized that she'd been right with
everything. My body slowly reacted to the stimulus, and although it might sound
contradictory, the pain only added to it. In no time I was moaning and trying to
somehow get the vibe near my clit, or anywhere else where it might stimulate me
so far that I might reach the approaching orgasm, but I wasn't able to. My
restraints held me exactly where the woman had put me, and so I could just wait
for her to return, getting more aroused and frustrated by the minute. It was
really worse than the pain before.

	When Amber finally returned the stern look was still on her face, but
the corners of her mouth began to curve up when she watched me for a while. She
just stood in front of me with her arms crossed beneath her breasts and waited
for me to calm, which I slowly did, trying not to writhe anymore and suppress my
moans. When she began to speak her voice had lost some of its coldness, but was
still rather neutral.

	"Have you thought about what I told you to, or do I have to let you
alone for another fifteen minutes?"

	I hurried to shake my head.

	"No, I've thought about it, please Mistress, believe me!"

	A slight smile appeared on her face, but she didn't let it grow.

	"And what is your answer?"

	I swallowed several times, having to clear my throat again before being
able to speak.

	"You are right, Mistress, I have been foolish not to admit that I get
aroused when you whip me, or hurt me, even when I did see that I'd gotten wet
all over. Please, I won't do it anymore, never again, never!"

	Now she really smiled, and the smile warmed something inside of me. Was
I feeling relieved because she seemed content with me? I rapidly put this
thought away and went on, my voice still hoarse from the screaming.

	"Please believe me, I've been a foolish little girl, I didn't realize
what pleasure you could give me, but you've shown me that I've been wrong.
Please let me show you that I've come to my senses, please, but please don't let
this go on any longer. Please!"

	Amber continued to look at me, and then she moved next to me again.

	"You've been a good girl, Dari, to realize that, and I won't continue
this now. But you know what awaits you if you continue to be so stupid?"

	I nodded, and she smiled warmly at me.

	"Okay, that's my little slave. I am now going to turn off the vibe, and
then loose you from your position, but it will hurt, that I can tell you, and
your body will stay tender for some days, but at least this way you will
remember it."

	After turning off the vibrator and putting it away again she gently
touched my swollen tit. It hurt, but she really was gentle, and so I tried not
to cry too loud, but only partly succeeded. First she detached the chain, then
she swiftly loosened and detached the nipple clamps. I hadn't thought it
possible, but for some moments it hurt even more not to have the clamps attached
than have them bite into my flesh, but at least it took away some of my
unsatisfied arousement. But only some.

	Next Amber untied the rope that held the clothes pins to my legs,
swiftly removing them from my pussy. This also made me cry again, but the
general pain level was already lowering a bit. Last she untied my breasts. The
sensation of the blood rushing back into the formerly bound flesh also hurt, but
I had suddenly lost all my strength and just slumped in my restrains while the
woman collected all her torture devices and packed them away again.

	When she returned the colour in my tits had faded already to pink, and
my pussy just hurt. Amber stopped again in front of me, and then she gently
began to massage my breasts, paying attention that she didn't touch my nipples.
After my breasts had regained a more normal colour Amber gently massaged the
flesh of my pussy, which didn't really hurt that much anymore. For once she
didn't try to tease me in any way. I wished she had because I was sure that I
would orgasm if she touched me anymore, but then maybe it was better if I
didn't. She wouldn't have approved, I guess.

	After finishing she got up again and released all the chains and straps
that held me to the chair. I didn't attempt to move, too sure that I wouldn't be
able to support my body. Amber left me alone, soon returning with Tom right
behind her. Her flunky just picked me up and carried me over to the other room,
where he laid me on the floor and attached a short chain to my collar, as if to
keep me from running away, but I was still too weak to even think about moving.
Next he chained the wrist bounds together behind my back, keeping my hands
efficiently away from touching my body. So I just lay there for a while, gazing
without seeing into the room, and finally fell asleep.

	
Feedback, as always, greatly appreciated! (mailto: dari69@hotmail.com}




Tryout - Part 4



by Dari (dari69@hotmail.com)


I don't know how long I've been asleep, but it couldn't have been for long,
because I was still tired and very, very sore all over my body. When I turned my
head a bit I could see what had awakened me. Amber was standing on the other
side of the room, chaining my two friends, Sarah and Jenny, to some of the
chains that dangled down from the ceiling. For once the two girls weren't
gagged, and their continuing crying out whenever Amber touched them was loud
enough to awaken the dead.

Amber swiftly finished her work, and as if she had seen me watching she turned
around and winked at me briefly. I just stared back, not really knowing if I
should react or not, but she didn't mind it. Then she bent down and fastened
spreader bars between the knees of the girls, keeping their legs firmly apart
and their crotch easily available for everyone.

Maybe it was indecent of me that I even looked, but I saw that Jenny and Sarah
had shared a part of my treatment, as both were now cleanly shaven where before
their pubic hair had been. Considering Amber's other tactics I could really call
myself lucky that she had only shaven me, and not removed the hair by wax, but
then, maybe that was still in front of me.

The woman then casually slapped the two girls on their asses and came over to
me. I just looked at her, still not moving. If she wanted me to move she would
soon make me do it, so why even bother to think about it?

Amber knelt down next so me and turned me over, so that I was lying on my back,
with my chained arms trapped underneath me. She swiftly probed my sore breasts,
and smiled when I inhaled sharply when she pinched the still hurting flesh.

"Looks like you still remember my kind treatment."

Which had been her tying my breasts and squeezing my nipples with claps, same as
my pussy lips. I used to call "kind" other things, but I didn't say a word, just
waiting for her to continue. While she spoke on Amber absentmindedly stroked
over my upper torso with her fingers.

"A friend of mine comes today, who is really very interested in you girls. If he
likes one of you, or even all of you, I'll maybe sell you to him. He's a much
harsher master than I am, but right now I don't have the time for three slaves,
even if I do enjoy playing with you."

I didn't know if I should dread it, or be happy to have a chance to come away
from her. The aspect of being given to someone all on its own made me shiver,
and this someone being described as harsher than Amber was didn't make it any
better. At least with her I slowly began to understand what she wanted of me and
how I could keep the pain at a bearable limit, with someone else I would have to
go through all that again. And it really sounded strange, but if I had to be
someone's slave, I'd rather be hers than anyone else's.

"You know, I'd really like to keep you, for we have been making some sincere
steps lately, but we will see. Normally he doesn't like girls who like pain, and
he doesn't like them really putting up a fight, so normally I'd predict him
choosing your friends and ignoring you, but the aspect that you are still a
virgin might also count for something."

Amber sighed and let one of her hands slide down to my crouch, idly fingering my
slightly swollen pussy lips.

"If I had known him to come I might even have not deflowered you anally, or
maybe I'd just fucked you once with a dildo so that there wouldn't be much for
him to want in you, but I owe him something, so it wouldn't be fair to do that
now. But promise me that you won't embarrass me when he is examining you."

Her hands stilled for a moment, and she intently studied my face until I nodded.
But me being me I couldn't just nod and swallow everything, I had to ask what
she meant by it.

"Mistress, please, can I ask a question?"

She smiled and continued stroking my labia.

"Sure you can."

I licked my dry lips and briefly tensed up a bit when she began to flick a
finger over my clit. Maybe I should just have shut up and enjoyed her teasing
me, but maybe she wouldn't do it if I had been silent. Amber was the type to
distract you in the wrong moments.

"What exactly do you mean by not embarrassing you, Mistress?"

Amber shifted a bit and touched her other hand to my legs, slowly spreading
them, which I did all by myself once she signalled me to. While she still
stroked my labia with one hand, she swiftly entered my sex with one finger of
the other hand, but apparently only to lube it up, because after two or three
strokes she withdrew the finger again and rubbed it over my anus, entering my
other hole slowly while she spoke on.

"For once, I don't want you to struggle at all. You know that I normally find it
rather entertaining when you put up a fight, willingly worsening everything for
yourself until you realize that you won't get away unpunished, but with him I
want you to simply obey and comply to everything he asks of you or does to you."

I winced a bit as she inserted the finger deeper into my anus, but it didn't
hurt like the first time, and soon it began to arouse me as she slowly fucked me
with it. When I nodded my agreement to her order, she went on.

"It's not only that I want him to see your best sides, but he might see your
struggling as a weakness of myself, that you only struggle because I haven't
subdued you enough. Maybe that's true, but if I want a complacent slave I can
always use others, with you it's much more fun. And I also don't want you to
talk at all, even when he asks you something. Yes or no will do for answers, and
I also don't want you screaming too much when he hurts you. Your friends will do
enough of that, so if you wanna make a difference, don't do it. On the other
hand, if you want him to take you, then scream and writhe as much as you like.
It's your decision."

Although she must have felt that her stimulation had excited me much she
withdrew her hands without letting me orgasm, or maybe she did it just because
she saw how far she had brought me, and stood up again.

"Any more issues?"

I shook my head and also got to my feet when she dragged on the chain that was
fastened to my collar.

"Good. I also don't want you to do anything stupid like trying to flee. You can
do that afterwards as long and as often as you like, but as long as he is here
you will follow our orders and stay put if we ignore you, also if you are
unchained for some time. Have I made myself clear?"

"Yes, Mistress!"

Amber smiled and then unfastened the chain that cuffed my hands together behind
my back, next unhooking the leash to my collar. I guess she let me stand there
unchained on purpose, maybe to see if even now I might try to run, but with her
standing next to me and the door to the room closed I didn't really think about
it, and just waited for her to continue. On my still wobbly legs I wouldn't have
made it to the door, anyway.

The woman caressed my buttocks briefly, then took my upper arm and moved me away
from the wall, positioning me under one of the chains that came down from the
ceiling. I complied when she raised my arms, linked the cuffs to the chain and
then shortened the chain by working on a winch, bringing me nearly to my
tiptoes. I'm not very tall, so stretching me wasn't very hard for her. Then she
also fastened a spreader bar between my knees, making it hard for me to get a
sure stand on the balls of my feet.

When she was finished she looked from me to the other two girls. The way she had
chained us we built a triangle inside the room, all facing one another, so that
someone standing in the middle could easily compare all of us by simply turning
their head.

Amber leant into me briefly, gliding her fingers over my cheek.

"Hope that he won't like you. I'll willingly give him your two friends, but I
don't want to see you at the mercy of such a beast. If you are a good slave and
stay with me, I'll reward you afterwards, be sure of that."

She spoke so low that I couldn't understand her very well, but if she had spoken
up a bit the other two girls would surely have heard her. I just nodded, making
her smile. Then Amber left the room, leaving the three of us hanging there.

As always Jenny and Sarah made me uneasy within minutes. They didn't utter a
single word. But they kept staring at my naked and spread body, and their
accusing eyes were enough. My tits and pussy did not only hurt, they were still
swollen and slightly red from Amber's doings from before I had slept, and
although I could admit that I had liked part of the things she had done to me,
it was an entirely different thing when they stared at me like it had been a
deadly sin to like that being done to me. Maybe it was in their eyes, but for me
there was no way out, so why shouldn't I take it from the best side there was?



It didn't take long for Amber to return with her "guest". She had re-dressed and
was now wearing fishnet stockings under her high-heeled boots, and instead of a
bra she only wore a harness that let most of her breasts free. Only a very small
string tanga rode low on her hips. If she had been alone I might have even
gaped, but the man accompanying her made me lower my head submissively. Or at
least from the outside it might seem like submissiveness, but the gaze he
directed at me made me squirm somehow. He looked like Amber had described him,
cruel and harsh, with short black hair and clad in leather pants and boots, and
nothing else. Next to Amber's two well-muscled flunkies he might have seemed
lean and tall, but an inner strength made him move with grace and swiftness. The
muscles on his arms looked like he was used to training them a lot.

"So these are your three new girls?"

He circled around us like a shark around his prey, with Amber waiting somewhere
out of my sight. When he passed behind me I could feel him stop, and I tensed up
involuntarily. When he slapped my ass I nearly cried out, not because of pain
but just because of startlement, but could hold it back. My two friends of
course screamed like he had really hurt them when he briefly caressed their
bodies. After finishing his round he came to stand next to Amber again.

"They all look rather pretty. Where did you get such jewels in this drab world?"

Amber snickered, a sound I had until now not heard from her, and it didn't fit
her very well. Somehow she seemed a bit nervous.

"The usual. Picked them up outside some club, they were too drunk to really
resist. Only after bringing them here I realize what they might bring on the
market."

I for sure hadn't been drunk, and I still felt the bruises that had followed
that, but considering her telling me not to struggle it seemed logical to let
this detail fall unsaid under the table.

The man only grunted, then went inside the circle the three of us formed. I
still kept my eyes locked on the floor, trying to be as unnoticeable as
possible, which wasn't much, considering my naked and bound state. To my luck he
turned first to Sarah and Jenny, swiftly examining them, and drawing more
screams and whimpers. As always I thought them a bit pathetic, but considering
the way he looked at us I could somehow understand that the girls didn't want
him touching them.

Then he turned. At first he did nothing but simply stand in front of me and
looking me up and down. When he reached out to touch my breasts I shied away a
bit, but only barely, but it was enough for him to notice it. He than grabbed my
tits more firmly and began to twist my nipples between his thumb and forefinger.
It took most of my strength just to shut my mouth and try not to shout. It
didn't hurt as much as some hours ago, but was still rather painful.

"It seems like you have used her quite well. Is there anything special about
her, or why have you treated her differently than the others?"

Still not looking up I could only hear Amber's heels clicking on the floor as
she came to stand near me.

"Well, just today I began the next step of her training, before I heard that you
wanted to pay me a visit. I didn't continue with the other two girls, thinking
that maybe you might want to step up to that task."

Again he uttered some sound, then hooked his fingers under my chin and raised my
head up until I had to meet his eyes, straining my neck muscles a bit. I could
feel more shivers running over my entire body, which made my nipples hard and
erect, and hurt some more. The man only frowned, and resumed his study of my
face.

"She somehow looks calmer than the other two. Do you have her on sedation?"

Amber now came to stand right next to him, briefly directing a warning glance at
me.

"No, I want them to feel all the pain. She's just more complacent. And she
hasn't been through the same things as the other two, maybe she seems so calm
because she doesn't know what's all ahead of her."

"You didn't treat them exactly the same?"

The man sounded a bit amused, but somehow it also sounded rather accusingly.
Amber only shrugged.

"She's still a virgin, and knowing that might interest you I kept her that way,
modifying her training a bit."

He studied me again, then knelt down in front of me and looked at my sex,
drawing my pussy lips apart to get a better look at me.

"Are you sure? I can't really see much this way."

Amber looked a bit disgruntled and then shrugged.

"She's nearly twenty, and as you can see rather the sportive type, so her hymen
might have broken years ago. But believe me; the way she squirms she never had
anything thicker than a finger up that tight cunt of hers."

The man got up again, wiping his fingers briefly on my thigh.

"Sounds rather unusual of you not to take that opportunity."

Amber simply smirked.

"There are other ways to have a girl, which keep her more effectively from
enjoying it. You wouldn't believe how she screams when you ram a dildo up her
ass without stretching her much beforehand. In that she is really very
refreshing."

Without another word the man turned away from me and again looked at my two
friends. He than went over to Sarah and again looked her up and down.

"I guess I'll take her for sure and maybe that other one there, too."

He pointed at Jenny. Both of them looked rather dumbstruck, and very near to
dissolving in tears. Somehow I could understand them. But at least he hadn't
picked me.

"Do I have to decide that right now, or can I play around with them a little
while?"

Amber extended her arms, indicating the whole room by doing so.

"You're my guest, so feel completely at home. You can use everything I keep in
my humble home."

The man nodded, and then again turned to Sarah.

"Let's see how you look all tied up."

He then went to the winch on the wall behind Sarah and released the tension of
the chain that held her straight up. She only lowered firmly to the soles of her
feet and didn't even try to get away when he took his time lowering the chain
even further. When he returned to her she just stared wide-eyed at him. The man
then bent down and released the spreader bar from between her feet, instead
attaching it to her ankle cuffs.

"Sit down, slut!"

When she didn't comply fast enough he slapped her hard on the face, what made
her whimper, but she sat down nevertheless. Now the chain binding her wrists
together was unhooked and instead transferred to the eyelet in the middle of the
spreader bar. At last her wrists were also chained to that eyelet, which forced
the girl to bend forward.

With an evil grin the man went to the winch again and began to lift the spreader
bar up again. It was somehow fascinating to see how Sarah was lifted up, with
her legs spread wide and her arms attached to the bar, somehow keeping her in a
bent position although she was hanging in the air. While all this happened she
had begun to cry softly.

Sarah was suspended about one metre above the ground when the man stopped the
winch and came back to her. He patted her on her bare buttocks and grinned
evilly down at her. Then he began running his fingers over her shaven mount,
which made her squeal even more. When one of his fingers entered her ass briefly
she cried out loud. He didn't tell her to shut up but instead began to finger
fuck her pussy, first with one finger, then with two, and finally trying to
squeeze a third one into her, too. Sarah's whines got louder, even when he
withdrew his fingers again and went to one of the cabinets on the wall to get a
paddle.

"It really seems like she hates it. She is completely dry, I've seldom seen a
woman absolutely not react to that kind of treatment."

He grinned back at Amber.

"You must have had some good time with her. Still I wonder why her cunt is not
yet fucked raw."

Amber gave a slight shrug.

"I hadn't had the time to do it myself, and I don't want my boys to enjoy them
that much. But I'm sure you'll change this."

She sounded like she didn't mind what happened to the girls, and I began to
wonder if she really meant it that way. At least with me I had always had the
impression that although she wanted to hurt me she never overstepped my limits
and wouldn't really damage me that much. Maybe I had been wrong, and that
thought made me shiver even more.

The man now began to caress Sarah's ass with the wooden paddle. She just sobbed
and cried softly. When he slapped her across one of her ass cheeks she let out a
keening howl, soon broken by another one as he slapped her again. Her shouts
echoed through the dungeon, only accompanied by the sound of the paddle
connecting with her flesh.

He must have been working on her for over three minutes and the flesh of her
buttocks and thighs was red all over, when he gave her a last powerful slap that
sent her swinging in her chains and stepped away from her to lay the paddle on
the floor. Before she had stopped howling he again probed her pussy forcefully
with two fingers, this time not stopping after inserting them, but fucking her
for some more minutes. Over the whole time the girl whimpered and cried, and the
sounds made every hair on my body stand up.

When he finally let go of her and turned his attention to Jenny, Sarah seemed to
sag a bit in her bonds, and I could now see how red and swollen her behind was.
It looked like it not only hurt a lot, but would do so for quite some time.
After pinching and squeezing Jenny's breasts he turned again to Amber.

"Do you have an arm binder somewhere here?"

Amber nodded and went to one of the cabinets, coming back with a leather
construction that looked like two sewn-together gloved. The man had meanwhile
lowered Jenny's chain and was now unhooking her bound wrists. He then unbuckled
her wrist restraints and told her to put her hands behind her back. The girl
complied quickly. He then took the binder form Amber and worked some time behind
Jenny's back. I couldn't see what was going on, but in the end Jenny was leaning
a bit forward, and when he briefly turned her around a bit I could see that her
arms were encased in leather up to above her elbows. He now hooked the chain to
the middle of the binder and drew it up again, in so doing drawing sounds of
pain from Jenny when her arms were lifted up behind her back and she was forced
to bend forward a bit to keep her balance.

"Straighten up, bitch, or I will teach you what pain really means!"

Jenny did as she was ordered, or at least tried to, but she looked rather
wobbly, and her face was contorted by pain. The man then picked up the paddle
again and came to stand in front of her. She looked up at him and tried to say
something, but he slapped her hard with a hand across her face and silenced her
by this.

Then he took her left breast into one hand and began to slowly slap it with the
paddle. The girl soon sobbed, and when he tightened his grip on her tender flesh
and began to slap her more forcefully she cried out loud. He then continued his
work on her other breast, making her cry even more. When he stopped her boobs
were red all over.

Like he had done with Sarah before he also probed Jenny's pussy, and after
seeming satisfied he stepped back and began to slap her tits from a distance.
The girl screamed every time the paddle connected with her breasts, but she
couldn't draw away, and her bound arms made her tits jut out even more so that
he had an easy time slapping them. Then he stopped again and checked her pussy
once more before turning around to face Amber once more.

"They are both really incredible. Neither of them has gotten really wet, and
they are really in pain. I hope you don't mind selling them both together?"

Amber smiled briefly, and then shook her head.

"No, I don't mind as long as I know that you will take good care of them. If you
want to you can take them right away, after getting a taste for it now."

He seemed to consider that for some moments, than shook his head.

"A kind offer of yours, but nevertheless I'll try her out, too. She looks too
good to be left untreated."

He than came over to me, and I could feel myself getting nervous. After seeing
what he had done to my friends I didn't want him to come even close to me. And
another thing made me a bit itchy. Even if Amber hadn't masturbated me before I
might have been wetter than my friends, but she had done a good job in doing so,
and I could feel the fluids still clinging to my pussy and upper tights.

As the man had done with the other girls he lowered the chain that held me bound
upright, and just for a few seconds I thought about bolting or at least trying
to struggle. I still had the spreader bar tied between my knees which would make
running more than impossible, but at least I would be able to put up a fight.
But a very warning glance from Amber stilled me, and so I only lowered my hands
so they were cuffed in front of me instead of trying something more.

Then my wrist cuffs were unfastened from the chain and the man told me to bend
forward. While I did this, bringing my ass up in the air, and for my own taste
too near to his face, he unbound the spreader bar and re-attached it to the
floor. Then he chained my wrists to my ankle cuffs, securing me in my
doubled-over position.

For some moments nothing happened, and I began to hope that he might loose
interest in me, but his feet reappeared beside me, and I could feel him looping
a belt around my middle. He buckled the leather strap too tightly, nearly making
it impossible for me to breathe for some moments, and then I could feel the belt
being lifted slightly when he attached the chain from the ceiling to it. After
some more moments of waiting he winched the chain upwards, until I partly lost
the contact to the floor and more hung from the belt than stood there. Somehow
this position was one of the most painful I had ever been in although he hadn't
really begun to do something.

When the man came back from the winch he first touched my raised buttocks and
then slid his fingers over my pussy lips. He didn't need to enter me to get his
fingers wet, and when I heard him grunt I somehow felt ashamed for being the
only one of the girls to be wet even before he had done anything. And I sort of
dreaded that I might react differently compared to the other two.

"Have you used her before, or is she so turned on just from watching?"

He really sounded disgusted, which made me wonder even more, but also let me
hope that he would just do whatever he would do and then let me stay with Amber.
At least she seemed to enjoy getting me wet all over.

"I've masturbated her just before you came to get her awake. After her treatment
yesterday it's more painful for her to be aroused, so I thought I might as well
prepare her for you."

Amber sounded just as indifferent as before, but I could see her tapping one
foot nervously on the floor.

"Then bring me something to clean her up, I don't need her to be aroused to hurt
her. If she were mine I wouldn't grant her the privilege of ever getting that
wet."

Swiftly Amber left my point of view, and when she returned someone began to wipe
my pussy with tissues. Considering the force the tissues were rubbed over my
flesh and then inserted into my pussy I judged that it was the man doing it.

When I was finally cleaned up I heard him go away again, while I could still see
Amber's boots next to me. She didn't say a thing to me, or even tough me, but
somehow her being next to me calmed me a bit. She would surely not interfere
when he hurt me, but I trusted her to keep him from damaging me in any way.

The man returned, and I saw that he was carrying some kind of stick with him. It
wasn't very hard to predict where he would be using it on my body.

I had expected it to sting and had instinctively tensed up, but when he hit my
ass it hurt so much that I couldn't keep from crying out. Amber would have
paused now to let the pain subside and let the anticipation for the next strike
get worse than the strike itself, but the man didn't stop, but relentlessly
swung the stick against my buttocks and upper tights.

Although I had told Amber that I would try to keep as silent and docile as
possible, I couldn't keep from screaming every few strikes because it was simply
too much. If the chained belt hadn't held me upright I would have surely fallen
to the floor, but this way I was nearly immobile, and truly at his mercy.

When the man finally stopped I had screamed myself raw, and even breathing hurt.
Tears streaked my face and I shook with crying. I just prayed that this would be
all and that he would now leave me, but when I felt him probing my pussy and
easily sliding two of his fingers inside because I had again gotten rather wet I
knew that didn't bode well.

He withdrew his fingers as quickly as he had entered me, and wiped them clean
again on my burning ass. I waited for him to say something, like saying that I
was a slut, but he kept silent, instead going away again. Soon he returned, this
time carrying a thicker stick that looked like ridged bamboo.

Before I could even realize what that might mean for me he began striking me
again, harder and faster as before, and with much more force, and for the first
few strikes it hurt so much that I couldn't even scream because the air caught
in my lungs and clenched my throat shut. When I finally could breathe again I
started to scream and howl, but that only seemed to worsen everything. At least
I had the impression that his strikes got harder still.

As abruptly as he had begun he stopped again, but the pain didn't lessen. For
the second time he checked on my pussy, this time positively ramming his fingers
inside my cunt, and by doing this drawing another high pitched scream from me.
The three fingers of his were more than I had even before had inside any of my
orifices, and in the beginning it hurt like hell, like he would be splitting me
open. This time he didn't draw away moments after intruding me but began to
forcefully fuck me, making me whimper and cry every time he plunged into me
again, but soon I felt something inside of me respond to the harsh treatment,
and I got aroused again.

When he inserted a forth finger I felt the muscles in my pussy wall clench up,
and the contraction was running up from my pussy through my whole body. Before
the orgasm had built up fully he withdrew his fingers and stood back from me.

"You can keep her; I don't need a filthy painslut like her in my collection. I
strongly suggest that you bring her over to one of the video sets; there they
can at least make some money with her before they discard her somewhere. She's
worthless in my eyes."

Amber didn't answer that, but right now I didn't pay attention to it anyway. I
just sagged in my bonds and cried, not trying to hold back anymore. I simply
felt used and dirty, and was somehow more ashamed than ever before. He had
clearly tried to hurt me as much as possible, and I had gotten hot by it. He had
withdrawn a moment too soon for me to really come, so now I was just hurting and
feeling bad, but this didn't even lessen the desire that had built itself up
inside of me. Right now I would have done almost everything for anyone to just
fuck me, and that made me cry even more. These were clearly not my thoughts, I
would have never acted like that, but here I hung and cried because they left me
gaping open and unrelieved.

When I got some of my bearings again I could hear the others leave the room.
Sarah and Jenny seemed to resist a bit, but I couldn't see them with my head
bent towards the floor, and so I just stood there doubled-over and bound, and
heard them go away. Then I was alone, and the minutes seemed to drag on. Finally
the burning ache in my pussy subsided, and I felt the air slowly cool my ass
cheeks, but being alone was right now the last thing I wanted. If gave me too
much time to re-think my position.



I had no idea how much time had really passed until the door opened up again,
but it must have been more than an hour. The sweat had dried on my body and made
me shiver, and I was rather cold when Amber came to stand next to me again, this
time alone. For some moments she just stood there, watching me I guess, but I
didn't dare to speak. After having had so much time to think all my desire had
cooled down with my body, and I knew she had seen me react when he had finger
fucked me, and I didn't want her to mention it right now and make me think some
more about it. But that wouldn't have been her if she had just let all of this
be.

"Thank you for behaving yourself so much. You've been a very good girl today."

Amber walked over to stand behind me, and began to gently trace her fingers over
my ass. The bamboo stick must have left welts on my skin because I felt them
burning when she touched me, but it was just a memory of the pain from before,
not enough to even make me wince. When I realized what that meant warmth bloomed
up in my face. For once I was happy to be tied that way because she could
neither see my face, nor know that my red face came from shame and not from
accumulated blood.

The woman then traced her fingers from my ass over my anus to my pussy. Her
gently stroking my labia was enough to rekindle the spark of arousement in me
again, and I moaned against my will. Although she had left me alone so long my
labia and thighs were still wet from my pussy juice. While she stroked gently
from my hole up to my clit and back again Amber continued speaking.

"Don't mind what he said about you, I won't give you away now. You'll stay with
me and be my little toy. Do you want to be my toy, Dari?"

I nodded my head automatically before I even thought about it, and grew ashamed
even more. Amber must have been surprised by my lack of words, because she
stopped stroking me and instead bent down, so that her face was close to mine.

"What is bothering you, my slave? You look so unhappy. Is it because you fear
for your friends?"

Until she had said these words I hadn't even thought about Jenny and Sarah, only
just thought about myself, and this made me even more ashamed, even though I
hadn't thought that possible. The first tears began to built up, and before I
could hold them back I had already started sobbing and shaking in my bonds.

Amber gently stroked my tears away and uttered soothing sounds, gently hugging
my tied form. The feel of her nearly naked breasts pressed against my leg
stopped my tears, but it did nothing to let me gather myself again. I simply
felt like I only consisted of overstressed and undersatisfied nerve ends, only
concerned with my own satisfaction, and not even thinking about the possible
fate of my best friends.

"Now, now, calm down, and tell me, why are you crying? I'm sure he will not be
that harsh with them, considering that he likes his girls docile and unmoved by
his stimuli. You don't have to fear for them."

I had to swallow several times until I could gather my wits enough to reply, but
when I did so my voice was only a husky whisper.

"Until you mentioned it, I didn't even think about them, Mistress. I'm just the
whore he saw in me, only wanting him or you to fuck me, not minding anything
else."

Although I felt like crying more, no further tears came up, and I stayed as
relatively calm as I was. I don't know what I thought how Amber might react, but
she only smiled, leant against my leg for balance, and stroked the upper thigh
of my other leg.

"And that is bothering you so much?"

I simply nodded, not knowing what else I should have said or done, but Amber
seemed to understand me.

"Don't you think any sane woman might have reacted like you when she had been
fucked nearly to orgasm and then simply left hanging out to dry? First the pain
exhausted you, and then your body wanted the relieve like nothing else, a
totally natural reaction, why should you be feeling bad about it?"

I tried to protest, to tell her that her words were wrong, but she silenced me
with a finger on my lips.

"Stop blaming yourself for things there is nothing to blame about. One thing is
true, pain does turn you on, but that is neither an uncommon thing nor something
to abhor. In a so-to-say normal relationship you would never have been as
satisfied in your whole life as you have been here until now, and now that you
accept this and finally learn to relish in it, your body demands to get the
satisfaction it craves, don't let that stupid false modesty get in your way
again. No one gets hurt by your desires, no one gets forced to help you fulfil
them, on the contrary, I take great pleasure from doing that, so why should
there be something bad about it? There's nothing you could have done to worsen
or prevent anything from happening to your friends."

Something was wrong about her theories, and I wanted to tell her that, but I
didn't know exactly what, and her intent gaze on my face made me forget my
arguments. That, and her again fingering my pussy. But for once my resistance
was up, and although I knew that it could bring me more unwanted pain, I spoke
up to her.

"Please, Mistress, stop playing with me. I'm not worth your attention."

That was not exactly what I had wanted to say, but at least I had said no, sort
of, and that was more than I had thought myself capable of. To my surprise Amber
did stop and retracted her fingers from my sex, instead resting them on the leg
she lent on, smearing my fluid pussy juice on my skin.

"If you don't want to, pet, I won't force you. But I strongly suspect that you
do want me to continue, but you only said that to once again hide behind your
modesty. Do I again have to show you how wrong you are?"

I shut my eyes briefly, cursing myself inwardly for being so stupid to let her
leap to that conclusion. Another treatment like today on the gyno-chair was no
way what I wanted. When I opened my eyes again she still watched me closely,
beginning to softly tickle the bend inside my knee, which made goose bumps run
over my body and my nipples stand up erect.

"No, Mistress, you don't have to teach me that lesson again, I now know that I
want you to hurt and pleasure me."

"And?"

I inhaled and closed my eyes again.

"And I don't want you to stop playing with me, Mistress."

I could feel her smile against my leg, but didn't dare open my eyes. It was like
little children closing their eyes and hiding under the covers so that the
monsters under the bed wouldn't get them. If I now looked at her I wouldn't have
anything to hold on to any longer.

"And?"

I sighed, and resigned myself inwardly to my fate.

"And I want you to fuck me until I fall down unconscious, and to hurt me, and
fuck me again, as long and hard as you want. You can do anything you like to me,
but please, just fuck me."

With the last words I reopened my eyes and stared at her, deliberately
forgetting to address her as my mistress. Amber's smile only widened, and she
shifted her weight, so that she was now kneeling on the floor, with her face
very close to mine, only upside down, and looked me strait in the face.

"You naughty, naughty girl, you again didn't show me the proper respect. I think
I will have to punish you severely for that."

I could hear the laughter in her voice, and it made me somehow eager, and happy,
happy that she was willing to put up with me, and not ignore or abhor me for my
needs.

"Please, Mistress, do that, punish your ill-mannered cunt."

Amber looked at me some more, than she brought her face even closer to mine, and
brushed my mouth softly with her lips. When she extended her tongue I eagerly
opened my lips for her to explore my mouth. All too soon she drew away from me,
and the suddenly hungry look in her eyes made things low in my body tighten. For
once I wished that she didn't wear her mask so I could see her whole face.

Slowly Amber got up again, all the while running her hands up my legs and
finally resting them on my buttocks, massaging the red and swollen flesh. It did
hurt, and drew some gasps from me, but it only addend up to the lust that
quickly built inside of me.

"Whatever I will do now to you, I don't want you to come. Do you hear me, cunt?
I forbid you to come, even if you feel like bursting."

I nodded my head and answered her.

"Yes, Mistress, I will not come until you allow me to!"

She then slapped me rather hard, but still playful, on the butt and went off to
go into the other room. Soon she returned with a small crate in her arms that
she placed on the floor behind me where I couldn't look at it even if I strained
hard. She rummaged for some minutes inside of it, then straightened up again and
came to stand behind me before my spread thighs. In her right hand she had a
translucent medium-sized butt-plug, which she held down to my face. Without
having to be told I opened my mouth and eagerly lubed it up with my saliva. She
took her time fucking my mouth with the plug, all the while telling me what a
good cocksucker I might be.

Then she removed the plug from my lips and brought it to my anus. Before
entering me she spat several times at my hole, then grinding the plug with her
added saliva swiftly inside my arse. I sighed happily when I felt it slide into
place, with my muscles tightly clenched around the base.

Amber then showed what she was holding in her other hand. It was a small crop,
with a short handle and a plastic pad at the other end that was about two
fingers to two fingers big. She then began to lightly slap the insides on my
tights, working from mid-thigh up to my pussy, but stopping before reaching it,
then wandering to the back of my legs and up over my ass cheeks. The entire time
she kept a fast, steady rhythm that didn't really hurt, but excited me again. On
top of my buttocks she tapped the base of the butt plug several times, and the
vibrations that produced inside my ass made me moan again.

On her way down to my knees she again avoided my pussy, making me grind my
pelvis back at her in frustration, but the belt around my middle didn't allow
much movement. For two more rounds the woman slapped her way from my knees to
the plug and back again, making me itchier with every slap.

When I had nearly given up my hope that she would come near my pussy she missed
two slaps. When I wondered what would come next she directed the crop directly
at my clit, and made me nearly jump in my bonds. Now being on my more sensitive
areas Amber lessened the strength of her slaps and only gently slapped my pussy
lips and clit, but didn't move away from my sex again, and soon I was moaning
constantly. I could even feel the beginnings of an orgasm built up but I fought
hard to keep it down, and Amber seemed to sense that, because she lessened the
frequency of her slaps, until only every 5 seconds or so the crop made contact
with my flash, until she finally stopped.

I breathed in deeply several times while Amber walked away from me, returning to
her crate, and rummaging some more inside of it. When she came back I had calmed
down to the point where I knew that I could resist most stimuli for some more
minutes.

"I will now loosen your bonds, but I expect you to stay in exactly this
position."

After she saw me nodding Amber bent down and first unhooked the spreader bar and
then my wrist cuffs from my ankle cuffs. Then she loosened the belt around my
waist and unclipped it from the chain. Swiftly she went around me and removed
the parts she didn't need any longer, and then she told me to raise my upper
body up. I did so, slowly, with the muscles in my back hurting form the long
time that I had been in that position. I didn't even think about closing my
legs. While I straightened up the plug moved inside of me and made me rethink my
former thoughts about how long I would last when she chose to really make me
come.

Once straightened, Amber clipped my wrist cuffs together and to the ceiling
chain and went to the winch to shorten the chain again. My arms slowly rose
above my head, but she didn't bring me to my toes, just made sure that I stood
straight while keeping my legs apart. Then she returned to me, smirking all
over.

"You really look like one juicy piece of fuck meat. Now show me those ample
breasts of yours. Show me what you have to offer."

Abidingly I ached my back and jutted my breasts out as much as possible. Amber
grabbed each of them in one of her hands and began to knead them, pinching my
nipples between her fingers. I closed my eyes and sighed, leaving myself fully
at her control. She then began to first lick at my right nipple, then drew it
into her mouth and vigorously sucked on it. I moaned in pleasure, getting even
more aroused by the minute.

Amber bit down gently on my nipple and drew it out long between her teeth before
letting my breast slap back against my body. She then went on to my other tit,
again sucking and licking and gently biting the tender flesh. I leant my head
back and simply relished her teasing me.

She then stopped again, getting some ropes from her crate. For a moment dread
rose inside of me, but when Amber began to wind them first around my front and
back and then tied them around my tits it was not as hard as the one time
before, but only brought a slight pressure to the flesh. After finishing her
work she sucked some more at my breasts and nipples.

When she drew back again and bent down to get something from the box. When she
rose again she held a plastic cup with an attached rubber pumping ball to my
face. Smirking again she took hold of my left tit, firmly pressed the cup on the
flesh and pumped on the ball. Within seconds a kind of pressure built up inside
the cup, and I could feel my nipple and the surrounding flesh being sucked
firmly inside the cup. Swiftly Amber did the same with my other breast, then
stood back and quickly examining the fit of the cups.

"You don't feel it right now, but you'll see, these vacuum pumps can be little
devils if applied long enough, and if they are tightened some more."

She then let action follow her words and pumped again at the rubber balls,
maximizing the vacuum inside the cups. A slight tingle already began in my
nipples, and I could see them stand hard and erect inside the pumps. While the
tingling grew to a very arousing feeling Amber went to my back side and lent
against me, slowly stroking my thighs and over my taught belly, all the while
kissing the flesh of my shoulders. More goose bumps marched over my flesh and
made my nipples hurt a bit more.

Amber left my back and again examined the vacuum pumps. The flesh inside was
slowly turning darker, and my nipples looked like they had swollen to twice
their normal size. The woman then bent down to the crate and took out another
pump. The cup of this one was smaller and a bit tubular. Without further teasing
me Amber knelt down between my spread legs, rested the small plastic cup over my
clit and pumped several times.

I inhaled sharply when I felt the vacuum draw my clit up and hard. While I
battled the rising lust down again Amber got up and resumed her stroking and
kissing my whole body. When she had reached my back again she began to finger
the butt plug, gripping the base and slowly sliding it in and out of my anus.
This was nearly enough for me, the pleasure from the three pumps together with
that being nearly enough to send me over the edge, and I whined in frustration.
Amber then drew the plug out of my ass and let it drop to the floor, to come
standing in front of me again. Meanwhile the tips of my breasts were dark red
and really swollen, and my nipples and clit felt like they might soon be
bursting. Amber looked down at my face and locked her gaze with mine.

"Do you love me, slave?"

I nodded and bit down hard on my lower lip when she gently tugged at the pump
over my clit.

"I want you to tell me, cunt, do you love your Mistress?"

"Yes, I love you so much, Mistress, you are the best Mistress there is, and I am
not worthy of being your slave."

Again she tugged at the clit pump, making me whine at the end of my sentence.

"And because of that you will not come now, will you, my slave?"

I vigorously shook my head.

"No, I will not come, Mistress, but it's so hard ..."

Amber then smiled and moved her hands up to cup them over the cups that rested
over my breasts. Then she pumped two more times at each of the balls, and I
could feel myself get dizzy. The orgasm was just out of reach, and I knew, if I
let myself go now I would come like never before, but I didn't let loose but
fought the feeling.

The woman then raised up on her heels and unchained my wrists from the chain,
but they were still chained to each other. From somewhere Amber produced a short
leash and bound it to the collar that encircled my throat.

"Close your legs and straighten up. Show me your beautiful body."

I did as she told me, but hesitantly, because every slight movement seemed to
tighten the pumps even more, and made sweat break out on my skin. Finally I had
managed it, and Amber smiled at me brightly.

"Now I will lead you to another room. You are not allowed to come on the way to
there."

She then turned around and gently tugged on the leash, moving towards the other
room of the dungeon. I slowly followed her, minding my every step to keep the
rubber balls of the pumps as still as possible, but by the time we had reached
the other room Amber made me rest and gather myself again. Then she led me
through that room and into a third, which I had not yet seen.

It was a smaller room, but also made of dark stone walls, floor and ceiling. On
the other side rested a huge bed full of white and black cushions on a black
spread, lined on both sides with large nightstands. Amber led me towards the bed
and brought me to a halt directly in front of it. I was panting by the time, and
quivering, not knowing how to hold back much longer.

Swiftly Amber cleared some of the pillows away, and then she unhooked the leash
from my collar and told me to lie down on my back. I complied, slowly crawling
on the bed, sitting down and then lowering my back on the spread. The cool silk
felt wonderful under my sweaty hot skin, although my buttocks ached when they
made contact with the bed. It took some time until I really lay there, panting
from the exercise of keeping from coming.

Amber knelt down beside me and gently spread my legs a bit. Then she bent over
me and passionately kissed me. I really relished that kiss, but it made it even
harder to hold back. Amber felt my tension and drew back again, then she cupped
her hands firmly over the breast pumps.

"Again, don't come yet, my sweet."

She pressed some hidden mechanism, and a part of the cups swung away, letting
air into the former vacuum and unsealing the cups. My nipples stayed red and
hard where they had been, growing still harder in the cool air of the room. I
bit down harder on my lip and tensed up all over. Anything she did now would
make me come, that I knew, although I tried as hard as I could to keep from it.

Amber then bent again over me, rose up again and came to kneel between my legs.
She bent up towards my face and smiled again, grabbing the clit pump gently with
her free hand, opening the mechanism, and drawing the cup from my clit. I
inhaled sharply and felt myself being swept over the edge, only barely hearing
her telling me to come for her.

Wave after wave of pleasure rolled over me, and never seemed to subside. While I
writhed on the bed Amber crawled over me, straddling me, grinding her crotch
into mine and twisting my engorged nipples. I cried out loud and felt like being
in heaven. It seemed to last forever.

Then she got up again and began to undress. I just lay panting on the bed and
watched her while she slid down the tanga over her long shapely legs and removed
her breast harness. Her boots and mask she let on. For a while she stood next to
the bed and gazed down at me, while I admired her gorgeous body.

Finally she climbed back on the bed, took my still chained wrists and unchained
the cuffs, freeing my hands from each other, but swiftly cuffing me with spread
arms to the headrest of the bed. Then she removed the rope that still bound my
breasts, talking while tending to the task.

"We don't want you running freely around here, now do we?"

I could have said that I had no intention of getting up, but decided to just
wait for her to move on, which she of course did. Slowly she crawled atop me
again, straddling me, and leaning forward, pressing her tits against mine, while
she stroked my face gently.

"Now is the last chance for you to turn back, pet. If you tell me now that you
want to go back to your room and catch some sleep and something to eat and
drink, tell me so. Otherwise we'll go on, but then there's no turning back. Do
you understand this?"

I nodded.

"Please continue, Mistress."

Amber then smiled down at me and began to kiss me passionately, her tongue deep
in my mouth. I moaned against her kiss, raising my body to hers. When she drew
back again she was panting a bit, but smiling.

"Do you want to please your Mistress, cunt? Do you want to lick my pussy?"

I nodded, and then watched her get up and position herself that way that her
thighs were on both sides of my head. She then lowered herself on my face, but
stopped a bit soon, so that I had to rise up a bit to be able to reach her pussy
with my lips and tongue.

While I began to slowly tongue her labia Amber looked down at me and began to
massage her breasts.

"You have ten minutes, if you make me come until then I'll make sure that you'll
come more than once again, too."

I didn't need much further invitation, but took that as an order to move on, and
raised up a bit more to encase her clit with my lips and gently suck on it. Her
pussy was already dripping wet, and soon she began to moan while I licked and
sucked her. When her groans grew louder I briefly stopped sucking her clit and
moved down her labia, entering her with my tongue, then licking back to her clit
and sucking more vigorously. Amber began to grind her pussy into my face, and
although it made breathing for me a bit hard, I could feel that she was about to
come, and that alone kept me going.

With a final sigh I felt her spasming above me, and she stopped moving, but I
continued licking her until she moved away and got up again. Her face was a bit
flushed, and her nipples stood erect and hard. I just wished not to be chained
to the bed so I could raise up and kneed her lovely breasts and suck them.

As always she seemed to read my thoughts, or just knew where I stared, and
cupped her hands over her breasts, pinching her nipples and twisting them
between her fingers.

"Do you want to touch them?"

I nodded, and she smiled, then bent down and briefly licked and sucked at her
right nipple.

"Do you want to suck them?"

I nodded again. The woman's smile grew wider and she crawled next to me, then
gripped her right tit in one hand and bent over me, holding her breast to my
face. Hesitantly I opened my mouth and extended my tongue, slowly licking over
her nipple.

"Don't play with me, cunt, suck."

I then opened my mouth wider and Amber bent down more, pushing her tit into my
face. Greedily I encompassed her nipple with my lips and began to suck hard.
Amber moaned again and let me pleasure her tit for a minute or two. Then she
drew away and presented me the second nipple to suck on, which I promptly did.
When I softly bit down on the flesh she growled, but didn't pull away, so I
continued.

"You are such a cunt, you should see yourself, sucking my tits and eagerly
awaiting me to go on."

Amber got up again and went to one of the night stands. When she came back she
carried a large violet dildo with a head on each end and two pairs of nipple
clamps. Swiftly she climbed atop me again, and smiled.

"Now we'll do this together, so you know, everything you feel, I feel, too, and
if you hesitate, it keeps me away from my pleasure, and you don't want to do
this, now do you?"

I shook my head and waited for her to go on. Amber took the dildo at one end,
raised her pelvis up again and pushed easily half of its length up her pussy.
Groaning she fucked herself with it, then stopped and knelt down. She then took
hold of my legs and raised them. Then she moved closer to me and pushed the
dildo into me in one swift motion. I moaned and pushed myself closer to her,
which seemed to make her smile.

The woman then closed my legs a bit and bent them, so they were halfway between
our bodies. She bent forward and rested part of her weight on my legs and picked
up the clamps. She took hold of her right breast and easily clamped the clamp
down on it, then took one of the clamps of the other pair and applied it to her
other nipple. Smiling down at me she briefly tugged at the chains, then crossed
them in front of her body and clamped them down on my nipples. I whined a bit
when the teeth of the clamps bit into my engorged nipples, but the pain was
drowned by the lust rising in me.

Amber then raised her body until the chains connecting us were tight and the
clamps bit down onto my nipples, then she slowly began to thrust her pelvis into
mine, humping the dildo deep inside my pussy. I moaned and writhed under her,
and every movement seemed to further tighten the clamps, but that only added up
to the pleasure.

Soon Amber was fucking me with all her might, my back arched upwards to lessen
the pressure of the clamps, her rising up a bit more to enhance it. When the
first orgasm hit me I cried out loud, which made Amber pump even harder, and
prolonged my pleasure still. It seemed like forever until she came and finally
sagged down on my torso, letting go of my legs and crawling far up to kiss my
face, while slowly grinding herself into me again. I kissed her passionately and
moaned when she twisted the clamps free, exchanging them with her fingers. When
she finally withdrew the dildo from my pussy I felt somehow open and unfilled,
but the feeling swiftly subsided when Amber hugged her body against mine and
cuddled me, while softly kissing me again.

We lay there for quite some time, kissing and rubbing our sweaty warm bodies
against each other, until Amber finally got up again and replaced her toys in
the cabinet. When she crawled back onto the bed she seemed to be as tired as I
felt, and I wished again to be unchained and be able to hug her as she had
hugged me.

Now she only sat down next to me and looked at my body for some time. Then she
idly began to stroke my breasts, from time to time lightly pinching my nipples.

"Did you like that? Sure you did, you're dripping wet, you cunt."

I just smiled up at her, and tried to move my body next to hers, but she stopped
me with a slap on my thighs.

"It's late, and you've had a long day, today. If you promise me to be a good
slave I'll let you sleep with me here."

I nodded eagerly, and Amber smiled again.

"I thought so. You've made great progress over the last few days. Maybe I'll
even take you with me to the meeting I have in three days. Would you like being
shown off in front of other people, some of them more experienced Masters and
Mistresses as I am?"

I didn't answer at once, thinking about the whole thing. If it went like with
the man today I didn't want to go, but still, the thought somehow excited me.

"You don't have to worry, it won't be like today. At a meeting the owner alone
says what may be done to a slave, and can stop it any time. But wouldn't it be
nice to me used by other people, maybe even some of them at the same time?"

She clearly wanted me to nod, so I did, still not really convinced, but the
smile I earned burnt away most of the uneasiness.

"That's a good slave. And now rest, I'll have to teach you a lot of things until
then. You don't want to embarrass yourself, now do you?"

With that she lay down again next to me, drawing the blanket from the foot of
the bed over us. Swiftly she unbound my wrists from the head of the bed and
instead bound them together in front of my body, connecting them by a long
leather strap with the front of my collar. I couldn't really move my hands but
this way was rather comfortable considering me being bound, and it allowed me to
roll on my side. Amber snuggled against my back, laying one arm across my body
and stroking my belly reassuringly.

"Now rest my little cunt, we have a long day in front of us tomorrow."

Again she kissed me and then lay down again. Soon I heard her breathing even
out, and felt somehow cosy and comforted with her body pressed against my own.
So I went to sleep, for the first time in days satisfied a�d comfortable.



To be continued, but still, feedback is greatly appreciated! (mailto
dari69@hotmail.com)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dari


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





