BDSM Library - Cumbag At The Horse Ranch




Cumbag At The Horse Ranch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cumbag was introduced to the ranch and to be a horse slut.
Cumbag At The Horse Ranch

Chapter 1

By Steve Dema



The trunk opened and the bright light of the day hurt Cumbag's eyes. "Are we
there yet, Sir?" Steve looked at the blonde whore as he pointed his cock at her
face. He shuddered slightly as his bladder relaxed and the strong stream of hot,
yellow piss hit Cumbag in her mouth. Cumbag mewled as she guzzled his piss like
a slut dying of thirst.

"No cunt...I just had to piss...There's no reason to piss on the side of the
road when I have my toilet with me...Is there, bitch...Uuhhh...yeah
whore...Drink it all...You stupid cunt." He said. Cumbag couldn't answer. She
was too busy being a good little piss-whore. Steve grabbed her hair, jerked her
face closer to his pissing cock. Cumbag gulped down the hot, acrid piss as she
followed the stream until he had his cock in the whore's mouth. Piss shot
straight down Cumbag's throat, into her belly-toilet. She moaned around his cock
and slowly munched his cock-shaft while his pubic hairs tickled her nose. His
piss-flow stopped. Steve grunted send three quick spurts down her throat before
pulling his cock from her mouth with a 'pop'.

"Oh!...Thank You, Sir...Please remember to piss in Cumbag's piss-mouth
again!...Don't waste it on the road...Remember to use me for your piss-slut!
Cumbag will always be your toilet!...Is Cumbag a good toilet for
you?...Oohhh...Cumbag hopes so...Cumbag LOVES to be you toil..." Cumbag's
begging turned to mumbles as Steve slammed the trunk without a word and
continued the trip.

The car bounced along the gravel road sending a trail of dust up behind it. In
the distance Steve could see the white fence that surrounded the ranch. In the
trunk of the car, Cumbag bounced with every pothole the car hit. She liked the
bouncing. Every bounce of the car caused her fist to be buried in her cunt even
further. Cumbag felt they were getting close to the ranch. Her cunt leaked at
the idea as she came again. She couldn't wait to get to the ranch. It had been
too long since Steve had her be a horse-slut. Way too long as the beautiful
young cunt was concerned. Cumbag moaned when she felt the car slow down and she
pulled the dildo from her ass. She shivered as she stuck it in her mouth and
sucked it clean. The car stopped and she heard the soft murmur of voices. She
quickly pulled her fist out of her cunt and licked it clean. She knew when the
trunk was opened she had to be ready. No one wanted to wait as some dumb
pig-whore pulled whatever was in her fuck-holes out. Besides...She didn't want
to wait either.

"Hi Dave!...Well the pig and I finally made! Nice ranch you have here. Maybe
someday I'll have one...I've always wanted to raise fillies" Steve said with a
laugh.  "Good to see ya, Steve." David said slapping Steve on the back as he got
out of the car. As they walked to the back of the car Steve said, "The pig's in
the trunk. I'll be back for it tomorrow or the next day. I expect it to be
fucked out of it's stupid little cunt-whore mind...Understand?...Remember...If
you want to use it again, you have to use it hard the first time...Or in this
case, the fourteenth time. By the way, the fucking cunt wouldn't shut up about
how it was looking forward for this so I had to put it in the trunk...After I
got tired of fucking it's mouth. Ha..ha..ha."

Cumbag smiled as the trunk opened. She looked into glaring light and the
silhouettes of the two men and sat up.  All she was wearing was her posture
collar with her name, 'Cumbag', in gold brads along the front. She sat up
straight on her knees with her arms behind her back. She thrust her huge, hard
tits out for the men and smiled lustfully. Steve took the leash Cumbag was
holding on her mouth.

"Hello, Sir...Cumbag is ready, Sir...Cumbag will be the best horse-slut your
horses have ever had. Cumbag promises to be a good little fuck-toy
sirs...Uuhhmmm...Cumbag hopes your horses are REALLY horny, sir...I'm such a
horny little cum-whore...When your horses are tired of the Cumbag, will you let
your men fuck it?...Please?" Cumbag announced.

Steve pulled hard on leash, dragging Cumbag from the truck of the car. The two
men laughed at the way she bounced on the gravel. Cumbag quickly rolled back
into her kneeling position, thrust her tits out again and smiled up at the two
laughing men.

"Thank you, Sir...Treat Cumbag like the stupid little piece of FUCK-MEAT it
is!...I love it when you hurt this little bitch...Go ahead...Treat me as bad as
you want to...I'm a GOOD fucking ssslllut!" She looked from their faces into
their crotches that were now at eye level. She hoped David would want to
face-fuck her before the real fun started.

"May I suck your cock, Sir? I'm a good cocksucker, sir...I love to be
face-fucked like the cock-sucking pig-cunt I am....Would you like to dump some
cum into the Cumbag, Sir?" Cumbag asked in her little-girl voice as she licked
her lips.

"No" David said as he kicked her left tit. Both men sneered as they noticed the
mini-cum that shot through Cumbag. Steve grabbed Cumbag's hair and jerked her
smiling face up and spat in it. "Have fun with the whore!" Steve said as he
left. Steve stepped hard on the car's accelerator, slinging gravel all over the
unflinching, blonde slut.

Cumbag noticed five men walking toward her and David. She smiled and flashed
them a sexy smile while rocking her shoulders causing her huge tits to gently
sway. She hoped she could entice them to face-fuck her. The men started laughing
as they closed in on her. "Hey boss...What'cha' got here? Is this the
horse-slut?" a tall lanky cowboy asked. Dave looked at his group of ranch hands
and grinned  "Yeah Tom...This is the slut...period. Its name is Cumbag. Hey
BITCH!!!...Introduce yourself." Cumbag grinned at the men.

"I'm Cumbag. I'm fuck-meat. I hope you guys like stupid little cum-dump-sluts
like me...I'm just a gutter-whore. You can do anything to me you have ever
wanted to do to a cunt." Cumbag started to run her hands over her hard body as
she spoke. "Do you guys like big tits on your slut?...MMmmm...I hope so...The
Cumbag has nice BIG slut-tits...Do you like them? You can do anything to my tits
that you want to...Want to play with them?...Wouldn't it be fun to hurt
them?...Want to fuck them...I hope so. If you fuck my bitch-tits, would you
please splatter my slut-face with your nice hot jizz? I love cum and a pig-whore
like me should always have strands of thick cum dangling off of its fucking
face. These bottom fuck-holes are for anything...You can do anything to my ass
and cunt that amuses you...You can fuck them...Or shove things in them...Or
fist-fuck them...or anything...I don't care as long as you have fun with this
little whore-cunt....Now...This (slurp)...Mmmmm...is more than a mouth...Its my
top-cunt. So please use it for a cunt. I love cum in my slut-mouth...I also love
for men to spit in it too....Know what?...My top-cunt is also a urinal...I love
to gulp down fresh hot piss. In fact, Cumbag's mouth is a complete toilet and
cumcatcher...Know what I mean?" she said with a wicked smile.

The men laughed as the young slut debased herself for their amusement. Dave
looked at the men and handed Tom its leash.

"Take this piece of shit cunt into the stables and put it to work. If any of you
guys want to dump cum into go ahead. I have some things I need to do, but I'll
stop by the stables later to see how the bitch is doing...Remember...This cunt
is here to work...Not just to have fun all day...Stupid slut has a lot of horses
to take care of." Dave said as he turned and walked to the main house.

Tom pulled hard on leash and laughed as her face hit the gravel. Cumbag looked
up and smiled. She remembered these guys. They knew how to treat a fuck-pig like
her. She was glad. She knew this was going to be fun. Even with the posture
collar on, Cumbag's neck turned to an odd angle as she was drug to the stables.
The men were still laughing when they finally drug Cumbag into the stable. The
aroma of hay and horses filled the air causing a wave of anticipation to wash
over the groveling slut. Two of the ranch hands grabbed Cumbag's full, firm tits
and pulled Cumbag to her knees. She immediately put her hands behind her back,
thrust her tits out and smiled up at the men.

"That was fun!...What do you want to do  the cunt next?" Cumbag asked licking
her lips. " I gotta get some of this puta."  a man said. Pedro snorted as he
yanked his cock from his pants, grabbed Cumbag's head and fucked his cock into
her mouth. Cumbag moaned and started slurping and sucking on his cock for all
she was worth. She would twist her mouth as he fucked into her mouth. She would
reverse the twist when he pulled back. She moaned and frantically fluttered her
tongue all over his cock the whole time. Pedro's cock erupted send waves of hot,
sticky cum into her moth. Cumbag coughed sending cum flying out of her nose. Cum
dangled from each nostril like snot. Cumbag got her breath back and sucked the
two thick strands of cum back up her nose into her mouth. Pedro had a handful of
her hair, using it to slam her mouth up and down on his cock.

"Stupid PUTA!...You fucking white trash slut...Choke on my cum you fucking
Yankee whore!...Get all my jizz...Eat it...CUNT!" Pedro screamed at the sucking
slut.

 Someone grabbed Cumbag's left ear and pulled her mouth off of Pedro's cock. A
thick string of drool and cum dangled from her lower lip as the man crammed his
cock into her mouth-cunt. "Aahhh!...good...little...suck...slut!" he whispered
as he fucked her mouth. Cumbag made gurgling sounds as she tightened her lips
around the plunging cock. As she slurped on his cock, one of the cowboys stepped
behind Cumbag and rubbed his boot in the crack of her ass. Cumbag leaned forward
slightly and arched her back to open her crack for the man. Cumbag groaned as he
slid the toe of his boot to her cunt.

"Look at this shit, man...The fucking slut is leaking all over my fucking boot.
Goddamn fucking BITCH!...I ought to shove my boot up her fucking slut-cunt for
messing' up my new boot" he said. Cumbag shuddered at the thought as her head
was grabbed and a different cock was shoved into her open mouth. The man rubbing
his boot on her dripping cunt laughed as Cumbag slowly rotated her ass.

"Say man...I think the cunt-whore wants you to boot-fuck her! Ha..ha...ha."

 "CUNT!
 "Suck that cock you fuckin' whore!"
 "BITCH!!"
 "Suck-slut!" 

      "Hey man...Let me fuck her face!"
      "OK...HERE!...Your turn...Fuck it!"

         "Gobble that cock, you fucking cock-sucker!...Fuckin' pig-cunt!"

"Slurp on it BITCH!"
"Go ahead!...Boot-fuck that slut!...fucking gutter-cunt!"

Cumbag mewled around the cock fucking her mouth and wiggled her ass as the
cowboy stuck the toe of his boot into her cunt.  Tom grabbed her hair and pulled
her mouth off of the cock she was slurping on. Spit and pre-cum flowed from her
mouth as Tom spit in her eyes. Cumbag whined at the loss of the cock fucking her
mouth. Tom screamed in her face, spraying more spit on her. "HEY!...CUNT!...Do
you like that boot in your fucking whores-cunt?...DO YOU?!!...(slap)...ANSWER ME
YOU PIG-SLUT!!!...(slap)...Stupid BITCH!" Cumbag's eyes went dreamy as he kept
slapping her face and she forced more of her cunt onto the cowboy's boot.

"Oohh...YES! This pig-slut loves the boot in it's cunt...Make him kick it ALL
the way in this bitch's slut-cunt...Ooohh...Uhmm...Slap the pig HARDER!...I need
it...PLEASE!...Slap my fucking slut-face and boot-fuck this cunt!....Spit in my
face!...Treat me like SHIT!...That's all I am!...A
shit-slut-whore!...uuhhmm...THE SLUT IS CUMMING!" she howled when the cowboy
buried his boot up to its heel in her cunt. Cumbag blubbered and shook as the
powerful orgasm took control of her. She didn't even notice when the cock in
front of her face erupted cum across her nose. She did notice the second spurt.
It filled her right eye. She kept her open for the man to squirt more of his
stinging cum into her burning eye if he wanted. But he didn't. Instead he
crammed his cock into her mouth. He shook as he sent spurt after spurt down the
beautiful slut's mouth. With her nose pushed against his pubic hair, Cumbag
snorted through her nose as cum fired straight down her throat. She wiggled her
nose in his pubic hair and wiggled her ass for the cowboy shoving his boot up
her cunt. She nosily gulped down cum as she moaned.

"Eat my cum you fucking SLUT!"
"Drown her man!"
"Swallow that jizz, cunt!"

"Wiggle that ass for me, bitch!"
"Shove your boot all the way in her cunt, man!"

"I get the bitch's mouth next."
"Fucking CUNT!"
"Choke that slut!"

"Pull the slut off of your cock a little....I want to spit on
it....(thupth)...Cumbag!!"

"LOOK!!!...I think that fucking cum-dump is cumming again!....Fucking WHORE!"

"ARE YOU?!!!...Huh!...Are you creaming yourself again, bitch?..ARE YOU?!!" The
man pulled her mouth off of the leaking cock as he asked her his question. He
already knew the answer by the way she moaned and her eyes rolled back.   

"Oh!...YES!...YES!..The slut is coming!...Watch the cunt cum for her sweet
men!...uughh..oohh...yeah...Spit in my fucking slut-face...oohh...I like
that...Slap the whore...I'm such a sleazy piece of
fuck-meat..UUGHh!...AGAIN!...KICK THE SLUT'S CUNT AGAIN!...oohhh...so good...so
fucking good...yes..Am I being a good slut?...Do you like playing with the
bitch?...Play with the cunt...Slap the bitch again!...Mmmmm...Somebody fuck the
cum-slut's top-cunt!...Stick another cock in my mouth!...Oohh yeah!..Kick my
cunt again!...oooh...The slut LOVES the way you kick her cunt..uuhhmm...My
mouth!...PLEASE!...Somebody fuck the slut's mouth...I need more
CUM!...Please...I can hold a lot of cum...Fill the slut up...Fuck the slut up!"
Cumbag opened her mouth for someone to fuck as the cowboy fucked his boot into
her cunt. Cumbag pleaded with her eyes as she stuck her tongue out to entice
some one to cram his cock into her top-cunt. A thick mix of cum, spit, and drool
slowly slid off of her tongue. The strand broke off and fell to her tits with
the next kick of the boot up her cunt. Cumbag closed her eyes as she came again.

 Suddenly she felt something hot and sticky encircle her tongue. She opened her
eyes but couldn't see anything. She realized what had happened. While her eyes
were closed someone had backed up to her and stuck his ass on her out-stretched
tongue. She moaned as she forced her nose into his ass crack and her tongue as
deep into his ass as she could. She had no idea whose ass it was. She didn't
care. All she new was she was thankful someone wanted her to clean his out. He
farted. Cumbag giggled into his ass and devoured it. The man rolled his ass in a
circular motion. Cumbag franticly tried to keep her mouth glued to his ass. It
was impossible with the man's wild gyrations of his ass in her face, and the
pounding her cunt was taking.

Tom laughed wildly as he kicked his boot into the beautiful slut's cunt. All
Cumbag could do was whimper and lick ass. And wiggle her ass. She the men
laughing at her. She felt spit hitting her back and the sides of her face. She
heard the foul names they called her. And she came. The contempt these men were
showing her made her hotter and hotter. The man whose ass she was trying to lick
stopped rubbing his ass in her face for a moment. Cumbag seized her chance. She
stiffened her tongue and drove it deep into his ass. His ass was clogged with
shit. She just licked out what shit she had to and continued drilling into his
ass. When her tongue hit the man's prostate, it was more than her could take. He
spun around so fast that he almost pulled Cumbag from her knees. Her tongue was
yanked from his ass in a loud 'POP'.

Cumbag sucked in a huge rush of air...and cum. A cock squirted straight into her
mouth. Cum hit her tonsils and bounced all the way out of her mouth onto the
hay-strewn ground. Cumbag sputtered, but managed to catch the second spurt of
cum. Then Cumbag's face was striped by angry, thick streaks of cum. Cumbag
rolled the cum that it had trapped in its mouth around on its tongue like wine.
Cumbag's tits shook as she came again.

"Uhhmmm...So good...Cum is so good!...Give me more! PLEASE! Cum on the Cumbag.
Cumbag needs more cum!...Please...Cum in my fucking slut's face!" Cumbag begged
as she ground her cunt onto Tom's boot. Tom jerked his boot from her cunt
sending cunt-cream flying in all directions. Cumbag screamed at the loss.

"Put it back!...Kick the slut in it's cunt again....Uughh...Don't be mean to the
little bitch...Please?...Please kick your sweet boot back into my slutty cunt!"
Tom silenced Cumbag by pulling on her long, blonde hair. He pulled her
back-wards, arching her back. When her face was looking at the ceiling he let go
of her hair and grabbed her throat. He pushed until her mouth was even with his
cock.  Then he grabbed a huge tit in each hand. Cumbag opened her mouth as she
looked, up side down, into his ass. Tom pulled, squeezed and jerked on her huge
tits. He kept his cock just out of reach from the bent backward slut.

Cumbag thought her back would break, but she didn't care. All that mattered was
the thick, huge cock that bobbed just out of reach of her open mouth. Cumbag's
ass sat firmly on the backs of her ankles, but she still kept her legs spread
wide. The men standing in front of her each had the same idea as they looked at
her shaved, spread, dripping cunt. As the laughing Tom teased her with his cock
the other men started to whip her straining body with riding crops. The barn was
filled with the sounds of riding crops cutting through the musky air.

The moaning Cumbag's body was hit from every direction. Whelps appeared on her
thighs and her stomach. Mostly though the men whipped her wet cunt. Cumbag
shuddered and came every time a riding cop came crashing down on her cunt.
Cumbag opened her legs wider for the men whipping her vulnerable cunt. Her mind
was beginning to overload, but she still managed to concentrate on the dripping
cock that was only a couple of inches from her mouth. Cumbag started to beg
again when Tom started sticking his cock in her eyes.

"Hit me!...Whip the slut's cunt! Whip the trash!...Oohh!...YES!...Beat this
fucking whore's cunt as hard as you can!...Oohh! I'm such a pig-whore! Fuck this
bitch-slut UP!...Rub that beautiful cock all over my fucking slut-face! Stick it
everywhere. My other eye!...Stick your pretty cock in my other
eye!...Oohhh...Thank you! My clit!...Somebody!...Please!...Hit my fucking clit!
Uugghh...Mmmmm...Yes!...Like that! Do it again!...Uughh...Thank you! The slut is
cumming again!...Spit on the slut for cumming while it gets its fucking cunt
whipped. Show me what kind of a sleazy cunt-whore I am!...Oogghh!....Whip the
slut! Whip the slut! Whip the slut!...Oohhh!...I'm just a cock-pig...I'm just a
cunt... Please Sir!...Please fuck the Cumbag's mouth-cunt while the nice men
whip her cunt...Please?...Just shove your cock into the slut, sir, and fuck its
mouth...Fuck its mouth like a cunt!...That's what the Cumbag's mouth is sir...A
CUNT!!!...Oohhh...My cunt!...Hit the slut's cunt again!...Oohhhh! That was a
GOOD one!...Can all of you hit the slut's cunt like that?...Thank you, sir...You
are all so nice to the fuck-meat...uughh...That's sweet, sir...Drip some more of
your pre-cum down my nose...Thank you, sir....Sir?...The slut loves the way you
are tugging on its big slut-tits...But, sir?...Would you please pull on them
harder? Please?...Uhhmmpp...YES!...OH FUCK YES!!!...Like that!...Now hit the
whores cunt!...HARD!...Oohhh....uughh...so good to the pig...you guys are so
good to the pig...Uunmm...ssligghhsh..."

Tom fucked his cock down the babbling sluts throat in a sudden move that caught
Cumbag off-guard.  Tom fucked her mouth hard. The end of his cock bounced off of
the roof of her mouth, which was now the bottom of her mouth. At first Cumbag
choked. Soon she began to hollow her cheeks and suck his cock for all that she
was worth. The men laughed at the gurgling sounds that Cumbag made around. Tom
released Cumbag's tits and grabbed the sides of her up-turned face. He bent his
knees slightly to better aim his cock down her throat. Cumbag's nose was now
trapped in Tom's ass-crack. Tom hooted when he saw the bulge his cock made in
Cumbag's throat as he fucked his huge cock down it. Cumbag looked like a snake
trying to swallow an egg. With Tom's hands no longer kneading Cumbag's tits, the
four men with the riding crops had a new target. Cumbag's tits shook like firm
Jell-O with every swipe. Red whelps pooped up all across her giant tits. Her
tits began to look like some kind of demented tic-tac-toe board.

Her cunt was still a viable target, though. But now each man would alternate his
target. First he would slam his crop across her left tit. Then her cunt-lips
would feel the sting of the crop. Then Cumbag's right crop would develop a
fresh, red whelp from his crop. Lastly, the tip of her clit would seem to beg
for its stroke. Cumbag would cum every time her clit was hit with a crop. Which
meant she was cumming constantly now. Every second a crop would kiss her clit,
her cunt and both tits. Cumbag just moaned, opened her throat a little further
for Tom's cock as she pushed her tits up for the men to hit. She had already
spread her legs as far as she could for the whipping of her cunt.

"Whip that slut!"
"Choke her Tom! Choke the bitch!"
"Ha, ha,ha...You CUNT!"

"The bitch-slut is STILL cumming, man!"
"Look at the whore's throat!"

"I love the way her fucking clit wiggles when I hit it!"
"Fucking PIG!"


Cumbag fluttered her tongue across Tom's cock as it fucked her throat. With her
nose in his ass and his cock plugging her throat, Cumbag began to get dizzy Her
body began to get numb from the whipping the four men were giving her. She was
still cumming, but her orgasms were not as intense as they were. As Cumbag was
slurping on Tom's thick cock she realized she was beginning to suffocate. She
didn't care. All that was important to the slut at that time was the delicious
cock in her throat, and the wonderful way the men were whipping her big
slut-tits and her dripping slut-cunt. Slowly blackness engulfed the young slut
as she passed out.

"Ream her throat out, man!"
"I think the fucking bitch has passed out on you!"

"I don't care if the cunt has...I'm going to cum down her fucking throat
anyway!"

"Ha, ha, ha...That'll teach the slut to be lazy...Do it!...Do it...Squirt the
puta!"

"Get ready you fucking lazy-ass whore!...Time to eat some more cum...BITCH!"

Tom's ass-cheeks clinched Cumbag's nose even tighter as he started to cum.
Thick, gooey streams of hot, wet cum fired down the unconscious slut's throat.
Cumbag made little gurgling sounds as the suffocating whore still tried to be a
good fuck-toy for the men......

Cool, musky air filled Cumbag's lungs. She gasped sucking in more and more
oxygen as awareness returned to the slut. Cumbag was confused and alone. Cumbag
was almost never alone. She had been fucked until she had passed out hundreds of
times, but there were almost always cocks stuck in her when she awakened. Slowly
her memory returned as the stable became familiar once again. 'Where are the
men?...Where are all of the pretty cocks?' she wondered. Cumbag tried to move to
go find someone that would fuck her, but she couldn't move. She was bound to an
odd device that was unrecognizable to the fuck-toy.

The apparatus was shaped sort of like a sawhorse, but with peculiar differences.
Her head was held in a yoke that held her head up straight. The yoke was
adjustable so that her head could be place into just about any position that her
neck would allow. Below her belly was a pad that was like a drummer's stool. The
pad could be raised or lowered so that her cunt and ass could be lifted without
untying her. Her hands were bound to the front legs of the device and her ankles
were tied to the back legs of it.

Cumbag licked her lips and tasted piss. 'Damn...I wish I had been awake when
they had pissed on me' she thought. As she ran her tongue around her lips she
could taste different flavors of piss and knew all five of the men must have
pissed on her face. She then remembered Tom had been throat fucking her when she
had passed out. Her mouth was full of different tasting cum and could only hope
that Tom had unloaded his balls in her throat while she was passed out.  'I hope
I was a good little fuck-toy for Tom and the others...I hope they're not mad at
this little slut for passing out on them...I'll be a better cunt for them...I
will...I promise.' Cumbag thought. She still wondered where the men were.

"HELLO!...Cumbag is awake!....Is anybody here?...Hello?....HELLOoooo!....The
slut is ready to be fucked some more! Hello?...Anybody want to stick a cock in
the slut?...Cumbag is ready for some more cocks!...HEY!...HEY!...All of the
pig-whore's fuck holes are open...No waiting!...Hello?...It's a great time to
get your ass licked...The first ass in my face gets ate first!...Oohhh...Come
on, you guys! Fuck the bitch...Please?...Come back!...Please? The slut needs
some more cocks! Don't be mean to the whore!...I'm sorry I passed out on you...I
didn't mean to...This stupid cunt is really sorry it passed out. If you'll come
back and fuck it, the cunt promises to be a better fuck-toy!...Hello!...I'll try
not to pass out next time....Nnoooo...Stick some pretty cocks in the
slut...please...stick some more pretty, pretty cocks in the whore...Don't be
mean to the bitch...please fuck her...please...ughh...ughh...." Poor Cumbag
began to sob.

Tears were rolling down Cumbag's beautiful, young, cum-crusted face. The sounds
of footsteps echoed in the stable. Cumbag fluttered her eyes shaking the tears
from them. She noticed Tom walking toward her with a wicked grin on his face.
She looked at him and smiled.


"Ohhh...Thank you!...Cumbag was afraid you didn't want to fuck her anymore...You
have come to fuck the slut some more, haven't you?...The bitch is sorry it
passed out on you sir...If you'll fuck my mouth-cunt again I promise not to pass
out...Please use the slut!" Cumbag begged.

Tom just looked at her and grinned wider. "No bitch!...I didn't come to fuck
you!" he said. The smile left Cumbag's face and she started to tear up again.
Tom laughed and said, "Meet your new boyfriend, pig...Or I should say, the first
of your new boyfriends."

Tom stepped aside and Cumbag saw the other four men. They too were grinning at
her. They were also leading a beautiful black stallion. Tom spoke again, Cumbag
meet Blackie...Blackie meet Cumbag...Your new slut!"

Cumbag shivered as a small orgasm rippled through her body as they horse came
closer. She licked her lips and said, "Nice horsy!"

To be continued......

Comments?   Email me at  stevedema@hotmail.com




Cumbag At the Horse Ranch

Chapter 2


By Steve Dema





The huge black stallion whinnied as he was lead to Cumbag. With her head locked
into the yoke, Cumbag watched the stallion with hungry eyes. Finally she was
able the see the horse's huge, black balls that hung down over a foot from his
belly. The slow swinging of his long, low hanging balls fascinated Cumbag. It
reminded her of a long, black clock pendulum, except this one was made of horse
balls. Which meant horse-cum to the beautiful slut. Blackie was tied to a post
that was in the center of the stable floor. Cumbag smiled at the men as they
untied her hands.

"Oh thank you for coming back for the cunt. The slut was afraid you guys were
mad at it. Your horse is Ssssoooo PRETTY!...Will you let it fuck me?...Can I
suck his cock?...I'll suck his big,  black horse cock so good!...THANK
YOU!...Cumbag hasn't had a nice horse cock to suck or fuck in SO LONG!...Hi
pretty horsy!...The nice men say I get to be your cock-sucker. I hope you like
me, horsy. I'm a good cocksucker. You have pretty balls horsy...Are they full of
cum for your slut?...Hmmmm?...Does the horsy have lots of cum for the slut? The
cunt hopes your pretty balls are full of cum...Full of cum for Cumbag! Say
guys?...If I have trouble getting a lot of his cock in my mouth, will you help
me?...Just do whatever you have to me to get his pretty cock down my
top-cunt....Oohhh HURRY!...I want to be a horse-cum Cumbag now!"

The men laughed and spit on Cumbag as they rolled her under the stallion. Cumbag
felt riding crops bite into her firm, up-turned ass while they rolled her.
Cumbag's eyes concentrated on the huge ball-sack of the horse and the sheath
that hid his cock from her. She stared with her mouth open as the balls came
closer and closer. The men pushed Cumbag under the giant horse until her nose
was touching his cock-sheath. Cumbag inhaled deeply, savoring the aromatic
sweet, musky scent of the horse. The horse jerked slightly as Cumbag closed her
hand around the horse's ball-sack. She held it just above the two orange-sized
balls, slowly tugging on it.



As she nuzzled her nose around on his cock-sheath, she pulled his heavy balls to
her lips. Cumbag extended her flat tongue and began to lap at the sweaty
horse-balls as the men began to shout at her.

"Lick that horse's nuts, you stupid CUNT!"
"You fucking horse-slut!"

  "Fucking BITCH!"
  "Clean that horse's balls good, fuck-meat!"
  "YEAH!"

"Come on, PIG! Suck those horse balls!"
"This bitch sure is one SICK cunt!"

A mini-orgasm shot through Cumbag's body at hearing the men's vile comments
about her. Cumbag lapped the huge, heavy horse-balls like a big black ice cream
cone. She stared at the balls intently, watching every twitch they mad. As
Cumbag sucked her spit off of the horse's balls she managed to stick her nose
into its cock-sheath. She found the piss-slit on the horse's cock with her nose.
She wiggled her nose into the slit as she lapped his huge nut-sack. Cumbag could
feel the horse's cock stiffen against her nose. The horse's pre-cum began to run
into her nose as Cumbag cooed to the horse's cock and balls.

"Oohhh...Such pretty balls for the slut....Mmmmm...Are they full of horse-cum
for the bitch? The bitch wants to eat LOTS of horse-cum...Uugghh...So
salty...Mmmmm...so GOOD!....Oh!...The horsy LIKES his little fuck-pig! The slut
feels your cock getting hard...Come out pretty cock...Come out for the
whore...The slut is waiting...Uuhhmmm...Come on big boy...Feed your cock to the
slut! Feed the cunt!...Mmmmm....Do you like the way I lick your
balls?....mmmm...You'll love the way I'll suck your cock!...Come on!...Give it
to the bitch!"

The horse's cock began to swell. Cumbag's nose was forced out of his cock-sheath
by the ever-expanding huge cock. Cumbag slowly pulled on his balls as she licked
the sack. Flies were buzzing around Cumbag's head but she didn't seem to notice.
Cumbag stopped licking the horse's ball to watch the cock emerge. She was
squeezing his ball when a glob of pre-cum, or something hit her left eye. Cumbag
quickly blinked the burning blob away so see could see the cock pop out.

Cumbag was mesmerized at the wrist thick cock pooped free of its sheath. The
head of the cock was the size of an apple. The piss-slit was at least two inches
across. As the cock continued to grow, the colors changed. The head and first 12
or 14 inches of the cock was as black as midnight. Then, white patches started
to appear on the shaft. The giant cock slid along Cumbag's face as it grew and
grew. Finally all of the horse's cock was in the open. His cock fell off of
Cumbag's smiling face and dangled in front of her.

 Cumbag just stared at the 30-inch wrist thick cock in awe as lust overtook her.

"Come on you fucking whore. Suck that cock, bitch!...You don't have all
day...Well...You have all day, but not all day with THIS horse...Heh, heh,
heh... We have a LOT of horses for you to fuck...SLUT!" Tom said with a sneer.

Cumbag cooed as she grabbed the thick dangling cock about a foot from its huge
cock-head. It was so thick her hand could not completely close around it. The
stallion snorted and stomped his hind legs at her touch.

Cumbag lifted the heavy, pulsing horse-cock and pointed at her face. She stared
into the inch-wide piss hole and saw that it was shiny with pre-cum. Cumbag
stuck her tongue into the slimy mess, swirling her tongue. When she brought her
tongue back into her mouth, a thick strand of the horse pre-cum stretched from
the tip of her tongue to the horse's piss-hole. The horse stomped again causing
the thick, grey strand of his cock-juice that connected his cock to Cumbag's
tongue to break. Cumbag slurped the strand into her mouth with a loud, wet
sucking sound.

"Uhhmmm...That was good...Do you have some more yummy cum for your slut?...Do
you?...I'm your little cum-whore, you know...Want to feed your
cum-whore?...Please?" Cumbag asked the pulsing cock in her hands.  Cumbag pulled
the cock back into her face and started lapping her tongue all around the groove
between the horse's cock-head and shaft. Cumbag scooped off the horse's
cock-cheese and slurped into her mouth.

 "Oohhh...YUMMY!...Horse cock is so good!...Does the horsy like Cumbag licking
it's pretty cock?...Do you like the way this slut licks your cock?... Am I a
good little horse-slut?...I'm such a nasty fucking BITCH-cunt!....Mmmmm" Cumbag
went back to  lapping the horse's cock-head.

Tom started to work his fingers into Cumbag's dripping cunt.

"Does the little pig want some nasty horse cock?...Does it?...Aaahhh...Does the
whore want the horses to rape it?...Hmmmm?...Would the stupid little cum-catcher
like me to stretch its slut-cunt for the nice horse?...Huh?...Look boys...See
the Cumbag shake its' slut-ass!...Do you guys think this stupid fucking cunt
wants me to loosen its cunt for it?...Yeah, you're probably right...I think the
bitch does too...." Tom said with a laugh. Cumbag groaned and arched her ass up,
urging him on. Pedro and the other three men surrounded the horse's haunches for
a better view of the horse-cock-loving slut.

"Here little horse-puta!...Nice Pedro will help the slut out!" Pedro said with
an evil laugh. Pedro slapped Blackie hard on the rump. The horse snorted and
lurched forward. Blackie's cock speared between Cumbag's lips and lodged in her
throat. Cumbag's eyes flew open in panic as she choked around the thick,
multi-colored horse cock. The horse's sudden jump moved the platform Cumbag was
tied to back a couple of feet. Tom was almost knocked backwards, off of his
feet. Luckily for him, when Cumbag was forced back, his hand was forced deep
inside Cumbag's wet cunt, helping him keep his balance.

"You stupid fucking WHORE!...Try to knock me down, huh?" Tom shouted as he
fucked his fist into Cumbag's cunt. The other men looked down at the choking
slut and began to point and laugh at her.

"Fuck her throat, Blackie!"
"Let that horse fuck your throat, PIG!"

         "Wow, man!...Look how the cunt's throat bulges!...Ain't that COOL!"

"Hit Blackie again, Pedro!...See if you can get him to fuck more of that
horse-cock in her!...Let's see how much this stupid slut can take!"

   "Ream the whore's throat out Blackie!...Fuck her throat, boy!...GET HER!!"

The horse snorted and stomped his hind legs in the dirt floor of the stable.
Cumbag's hot throat held his cock tightly as her throat muscles gently milked at
the horse's giant cock. Blackie began to fuck Cumbag's mouth, causing the men to
cheer. His thrusting caused the platform that Cumbag was bound to, to jump about
bouncing Cumbag's head around. With every plunge of the horse's cock into
Cumbag's throat, Tom's hand was forced deeper into Cumbag's cunt.

Cumbag stared blankly at the huge black balls swinging in front of her face. The
giant horse-cock buried deep in her throat was blocking her air. Cumbag
desperately snorted air through her nose as she retched and her whole body shook
with every fuck-thrust of the horse.

Everything became surreal as she was nearly suffocating around the horse-cock.
In the distance she could hear the men laughing at her. She heard them calling
her a cunt, a slut and a whore. She could hear the men encouraging the horse to
fuck her throat harder. Cumbag thought it was wonderful.

When the horse fucked into her throat, Cumbag trembled as Tom's hand fucked into
her cunt. When the horse would fuck backwards the platform she was tied to would
pull back also, pulling Tom's hand almost out of her cunt. But the horse-cock in
her throat barely moved. Instinctively, Cumbag reached for the huge swinging
balls and began to massage them. Cumbag began to mewl around the throat stuffing
horse cock.

Suddenly, Blackie began to whinny and fire his cum straight into Cumbag's belly.
When a quart of horse cum erupted out of Cumbag's nose, Pedro shouted at Tom,
"The horse is coming...WOW!!...LOOK!!...Pull the slut off of his cock!"

Tom yanked his hand out of Cumbag's cunt, grabbed the platform she was bound to
and pulled. Cumbag felt the huge spurting horse cock pulling out of her throat.
Blackie's cock was still firing cum as the cock left her throat, and the
cock-head rested in her mouth. Cumbag's cheeks puffed out like balloons as her
mouth filled with horse-cum. Thick horse-cum shot from her nose coating the
thick, black stalk of the horse's cock sticking in her mouth. When the horse's
cock pulled free of her mouth cum flew everywhere. Cum poured from her mouth as
the twitching horse-cock fired volley after volley of cum into Cumbag's face.
Cumbag gasped for air as her mouth, throat and nose became clogged with thick,
hot sticky horse-jizz.

The men cheered as Cumbag was hit squarely in her face with the fire-hose of
horse-cum. Cumbag's face was completed covered in cum as Blackie continued to
empty his huge balls in the bound beauty's face.

"Splatter the slut, boy!"
"Take that cum, you fucking horse-whore!"

"GET HER, BLACKIE...GET HER BOY!"
"Squirt the bitch!...Good boy!"
  
"DAMN!...That's a LOT of fucking cum!"
"Fucking DROWN her!"


Cumbag was blinded by horse-cum. The young whore's face was unrecognizable under
the heavy coating of horse-cum. Cum dripped from her hair onto the back of her
neck. Cum poured from her forehead and onto her cheeks and nose. A river of
horse-cum poured from her slack mouth down the yolk her head was fastened to,
and on the platform. Every breath the cunt took sent giant bubbles of horse-cum
swelling and popping from her nose and mouth.

 Every pop of cum just added more horse-jizz to her already cum-crusted body.
Thick, white strings of horse-jizz bobbed off of her cheeks until they broke
free into little cum-puddles on the stable's floor. The groaning slut's arm were
striped with cum that flowed up her arms, to her chest, joined the horse-cum
that already coated her neck and tits.

"Hey...CUNT!...How does that horse-cum taste?...You like that
BITCH!...HUH?...What did the slut say?...Did the whore say ' Please fist-fuck my
cunt some more?'...Huh?...OK pig...Whatever the stupid fuck-meat wants!" Tom
said with a laugh as he went back to fist-fucking the bound whore's cunt.

Cumbag wasn't sure where she was. Her eyes were burning and she thought she was
looking through a frosted window. As she recognized the gamey flavor of the
horse-cum in her mouth, Cumbag remembered where she was. Cumbag mewled through a
mouth-full of horse-cum as she arched her ass for Tom's fisting of her cunt.

Through the haze of cooling horse-cum she stared at the distorted, thick, black
horse-cock that was twitching a few inches in front of her. She watched the
small puffs of white that appeared at the tip of the cock, only to become a
thick stream of horse-cum that extended from the cock to the floor. Cumbag
wiggled her long pink tongue around in her cum-filled mouth and swallowed. And
swallowed again...and again...and again. It took Cumbag seven huge swallows to
finally clear her mouth of horse cum.

Cumbag shook her head from side to side to clear the horse cum from her eyes.
Cum splattered the belly of the horse, as she was finally able to see the arm
thick horse-cock that dangled in front of her face clearly. Cumbag grabbed the
horse's thick cock and stared at it intently for a moment through her still
stinging eyes. When a fresh drop of horse-cum appeared at the tip of the horse
cock, Cumbag lost her composure. The young whore attacked it with her tongue.
The blonde slut scooped the thick drop of horse-cum like it was a small ball of
vanilla ice cream.

"Oohhh...YUMMY! Give me more, horsy...Give your slut more of your yummy
cum....MMmmmm....(smack)...Oohhh that's so fucking GOOD!...(slurp)....Was Cumbag
a good cock-sucker for you?....Was I?...Oohhh...MORE
CUM!....(slurp)...Uuhhmmm...Thank you Mr. Horsy....Can I have some
more?...Hmmm?...Oh LOOK!...I can!...SEE? He's giving his whore some more yummy
cum!...(smack)...Oh...Yes...Fist-fuck this pig of a slut. Fist-fuck my cunt
while I slurp down this wonderful horse-cum like the nasty slut-bitch I
am!....Ggghhh...YEAH!...Ream my fucking slut-cunt OUT!!! Turn me into a
horse-slut!...Are you guys watching?...Can you see the slut eating the
horse-cum...Watch me be a real pig-whore! Am I nasty enough?...Am I?...Am I good
little pig-slut?...Watch me suck this horse-cock some more!" Cumbag screamed as
she opened her mouth wide and began sucking the horse's cock again. Every punch
of Tom's hand in her cunt drove more and more of the horse cock into Cumbag's
mouth.

Cumbag was swallowing constantly. As thick, lumpy strands of cum slithered down
to her already cum-filled belly, Cumbag drove almost two inches of her tongue
into the horse's piss-slit. Blackie began to fuck Cumbag's face violently again.
Cumbag fucked her ass against Tom's fist as she heard the men cheer again.

"See?...Blackie's not done with his puta!"
"Fuck her mouth again, boy!"

"Yeah!...Make that slut take every drop of cum you got!"
"FUCK HER!"

"Eat that cum, you stupid fucking slut-whore!"
"SLUT!"
"Get her!"
"PIG!"

Cumbag held on to the huge stalk of the horse-cock with both hands, trying to
keep Blackie's cock in her mouth where it belonged. The young whore kept her
mouth as wide as she could to make sure her teeth didn't hurt the nice cock in
her mouth. She wished Steve would hurry and have all of her teeth pulled so her
mouth would be more of a cunt. For some reason, she remembered how much men
liked to fuck her mother's mouth after Steve had all of her mother's teeth
pulled.

Cumbag began to see stars as her head was bounced from side to side. Cumbag
gagged, and swallowed, and mewled for more.

"Let's help the whore out a little!" one of the men said with a sneer. While
Cumbag was choking and gagging on the horse-cock, he took his riding crop and
smacked the horse-sucking slut's tit. The riding crop whistled through the air
until it smacked against her left tit with a loud, wet splat. When he raised his
crop for another hit, he laughed at the thick string of horse-cum that seemed to
connect his riding crop to her tit. Cumbag came. As her cunt started to squeeze
around Tom's fist, she mumbled around the horse cock fucking her mouth.

"glluugg...hit...the...slut...gglluug...yesthhh...uuhhmm...hit the
...ggllugg...pig"

The men laughed at her babbling as Pedro joined his friend in whipping her tits.
The two laughing men kneeling by the horse's haunches began to spit on Cumbag's
face as they encouraged Tom, and the two men whipping the horse-sucking slut's
tits. And of course, for Blackie to fuck her throat.

"Fist that bitches cunt, man!"
"SLUT!"
"Fuck your whore's mouth, Blackie!"

"Hey Pedro!...Can't you hit that pig-slut's tits harder than that?...Come on,
man!"

"Hey Bill...Let's spit in her eyes. OK?...Ready?...On three...One...two..."
(splat)

"That was fun!...See how the slut blinks!...Let's do it again...One...two...."
(splat)

"Suck that horse cock, you fucking pig...You fucking whore slut!"

Cumbag was in slut heaven. Tom was pounding away at her cunt, her tits were
being whipped viscously, men were spitting in her face while they called her
vile names, and a horse was fucking her mouth like it was a mare's cunt. 'This
is GREAT', she thought.

Cumbag felt the platform she was tied to shake. Through her lust fogged mind she
realized Blackie had stopped leaking cum into her mouth, was stomping the floor
of the stable, and snorting. Blackie had stopped fucking into her mouth but
Cumbag continued to nurse on his cock while the Tom fist-fucked her, men whipped
her and spit on her face as they all mocked her. Cumbag was lovingly cleaning
the horse's cock of every trace of cum when something happened.

Cumbag was rocketed back from Blackie's cock. The platform rushed backward
knocking Tom to the floor with his arm buried to his elbow in Cumbag's cunt.
With Cumbag moved, the two men whipping her tits missed their intended targets,
whipping their riding crops down on Cumbag's face instead as she shot past.
Nobody cared.

"THERE HE GOES!!!!...DO IT BOY!!!...FUCKING DO IT!!" someone yelled.

With Blackie's balls now empty the horse did the next best thing. He had started
to piss. Cumbag mouth had turned into a water balloon of sorts as the fire-hose
onslaught of horse piss had caught everyone off guard. Pedro laughed even louder
as he looked at Blackie. He could have sworn the horse was smiling as he pissed
in Cumbag's face.

Cumbag sputtered around the two-inch wide stream of hot horse piss that had
knocked her backwards. Tom used the hand he had stuck deep into Cumbag's cunt to
raise him-self from the floor. Once on his feet, he quickly yanked his arm from
her spasming cunt to get out of the way of the powerful stream of horse piss.
Tom was still slinging Cumbag's cunt juice from his arm as he walk around for a
better view of the horse pissing in Cumbag's sputtering face.

Cumbag was disoriented. Her cumming cunt was now empty. No one was whipping her.
The only thing that mattered to the groveling cunt was the huge rush of piss
from the horse's cock, right into the center of her face. Cumbag extended her
arms in a vain effort to grab the giant pissing cock to better aim it at her
face and mouth. But...She was too far away. She just rolled her face from side
to side, opened her mouth wide...and guzzled mouthfuls of hot, stinking,
yellow-green horse-piss. The men roared with laughter at the drowning slut
before them.

Blackie's pissing cock bobbed up and down and sideways. Even though the
horse-piss stung her eyes, Cumbag kept them locked on the wide stream of horse
piss. Cumbag followed the swaying pissing cock as well as she could with her
head still strapped to the head-yolk on the platform. She fought to keep her
young, beautiful face a clear target for the pissing horse.

Horse piss shot up her nose. Horse piss burned her eyes. Horse piss filled her
ears. Cumbag relaxed her throat and widened her mouth to let the horse piss
shoot straight down her throat, into her cum-filled stomach. Cumbag's cumming
cunt was opening and closing like a fish's mouth when they are pulled out of
water, but no one noticed. The five men were busy being entertained by watching
the slut slowly drown on horse piss.

"MORE!...Give...(glug) me more piss!....Hhmmpph...Piss in my slut
face!...hhmmfgth...Show me what....ggllughg...kind of a pig-slut...I
am!...Guys!...Piss in my face too!...PLEASE!...gglug...EVERYBODY!...PISS ON THE
PIG!!!....Ggllugg...Use the toilet-slut...Hhmmmppph...Please!...Piss on
me!...Piss right HERE!" Cumbag wailed around the pissing horse cock.

The five men looked at each other and laughed.

Cumbag was already beginning to pass out. The rush of piss from the horse's cock
had kept her from breathing for too long. Begging the men to join the horse in
pissing in her face took the last of her strength. Cumbag didn't even have the
energy to follow the horse's piss flow with her face anymore.

Cumbag's head leaned slightly to the left in the head-yolk. Her mouth hung open
with her tongue hanging out. The piss stream from the horse's cock seemed to
center on that small place between her nose and upper lip, splattering her whole
face. The horse cock still twitched slightly, though, sending spurts of piss
from her chin to the top of her head.

 Cumbag's beautiful, fine blonde hair was now soaked in horse piss. A clump of
her hair fell across her face, into her mouth. Cumbag's lips closed around the
piss-wet hair before the horse's piss washed it aside. The young slut
absent-mindedly sucked the horse piss and cum from her hair as the horse's piss
stream began to slow.

Cumbag began to pass out. The last thing she remembered before blackness
engulfed her was the five piss streams of the laughing men joining the fading
piss stream of the stomping horse.

Cumbag just opened her mouth wider for the five men to piss into before the
dreams took her cumming body and mind over.

Dreams of cocks, and degradation, and cum, and piss, and gang-rape,...and
horses. Lots of horses.

To be continued.....




Comments?   Send mail to stevedema@hotmail.com




Cumbag At the Horse Ranch

Chapter 3


By Steve Dema


Cumbag woke up screaming.

"Ha, ha, ha...That's one way to wake up a slut!...Fuck her boy!.." Tom laughed.

Cumbag's cunt was being fucked by a huge buckskin stallion. Cumbag stared
through his front legs into the faces of the leering men. Even having her cunt
stretched by the fist-fucking earlier wasn't enough to prepare her for the
horse's cock in her cunt. She saw the men pointing and laughing at her. She was
still tied to the yoke, but managed to tilt her head and grab a mouthful of her
piss and cum soaked hair. She sucked on it as she tried to relax her cunt fro
the hellish onslaught. She looked up at the horse's chest and saw his head
bouncing as he fucked her cunt. As her nostrils filled with the scent of the
horse, her cunt began to loosen. After about 5 minutes of brutal fucking, it was
starting to feel good to the slut.

"Ooohhhh...He's fucking me! The horse is fucking my cunt!...Oohhh...Mmmmm...It,
it...it's good!...Oooohhh....Yeesss...Fuck me!...Fuck me boy!...Fuck your little
horse slut!...Harder!...Please!...Make him fuck the slut harder!...I'm
coming!...Fuck mke!...Ooohhhh...So good!...it feels so good!...My cunt is so
stuffed with cock!...Oh God!...I love it!...Make him fuck me forever!...uugghh."
Cumbag moaned as she began to cum.

The horse snorted. Cumbag felt his huge cock swell, stretching her cunt. Then
she felt the fire hose of cum shoot into her cunt as the horse whinnied and
snorted as he filled her cunt with cum. Cumbag shuddered through another orgasm
as the horse's pounding turned into smaller thrusts in her cunt.

"He's cumming!...The horse is cumming in my fucking cunt!...It feels so
good!...Ooohhh...So much cum! I can feel it!....Cum in me boy! Fill your slut up
with your cum!...Do it!...Good boy!...Fill this whore up with horse-cum!...Fill
up this fucking cumbag!" she whined.

It was over too soon for the young whore. She was half conscious when they
pulled him off of her. Her body shook when his cock came out of her cunt with a
loud 'POP'. Cumbag could fill rivers of hot horse cum rush from her cunt.

"Ooohhh...He fucked me sooooo good!...His cum!...Don't let his cum go to waste!
Please!" Cumbag begged.

"Don't worry slut...His cum ain't going to waste...We put a bucket under your
fucking cunt. It'll catch all of the cum that you leak!" Tom laughed as he led
the horse in front of Cumbag.

Cumbag moaned as she looked up and saw the giant, cum coated horse cock dangling
just inches from her face.

"Let me suck his cock!...Let me clean all of that yummy cum from his pretty
cock!...Please!...Just bring him a little closer and let the slut clean that
wonderful cock!" Cumbag screamed.

"That's the idea, you stupid slut." Tom said as he brought the horse closer.

When the horse was standing over her head, Cumbag opened her mouth. She was able
to reach the horse's cock with her tongue. She started lapping at his cock as
the horse stomped his feet. With every lick, Cumbag scooped up a tongueful of
sticky horse-cum. She sucked it into her mouth greedily. In between licks she
cooed at the horse.

"Thank you boy! (lick)...You fucked this slut so good!...You made (lick) me cum
so good, boy!...That was great! (lick) Was I a good whore for you? (lick) Was I
a good little slut for you? (lick) I hope so boy....)lick)...DO you like the way
your whore (lick) is licking your cock?...Uummmm...Your cum (lick)...is so
yummy!...(lick)...There...Your all clean now boy!...I hope you can fuck me again
before I leave!" she told the horse.

As Tom led him away, Pedro walked into the barn. Cumbag turned her head and saw
him leading a white stallion in. She could see his cock. It was HUGE! When the
horse neared Cumbag he lowered his head. He sniffed at her cunt. Then he bit it.

"Oohhhh...Yes! Bite me again boy!...That felt great!...Are you going to fuck
me?...Do you want to fuck this whore next?...Come on boy...Fuck me!...Cram that
big horse cock into this slut's cunt and fuck her!...Fuck the slut!...Come on
boy...Fuck the slut!...Please Pedro!...Make him fuck me!...My cunt is loose
now...and it's so wet!...Make him fuck me...please...I'll be a good slut!...I
promise!...Make him shove his cock in this slut...I want to get horse fucked
some more!" she pleaded.

Cumbag shivered in anticipation as the horse moved over her. She heard a slap
and someone yell, "Fuck her, boy!". Then the horse cock speared her cunt.

"DAMN!....He's so fucking big!...Oh god!...Fuck me boy!...Fuck this
whore!...Uugghh...Oooohh...I'm cumming!. Fuck me...Oh God!...Fuck this
slut!...This is so great!...I love it!...Fuck your slut boy!...Fuck this bitch
into the dirt!...Come on boy...Harder!...Fuck the slut. Fuck the
slut!....Ooohhhh....So good....Fuck me boy...Ream out my fuckholes!" she
squealed.

As she came again, Bill and David pissed in her face. Cumbag opened her mouth
quickly catching the two hot streams of piss. She guzzled their piss as the
horse fucked her cunt in long, powerful strokes.

"YES!...Piss on me! (glug)...Piss in the slut's mouth while the horse fucks me!
(glug)...I'm such a nasty slut!...Fuck the bitch!...(glug)...Piss on the
whore!...My mouth!...Piss in my mouth!...Make this cunt be your sewer!...Give me
all of your hot piss!" she said between mouthfuls of piss. There piss streams
ended too soon for the slut.

"Thank you!...I love it when you guys piss in my cocksucking face...It makes me
feel like such a slut when you piss all over me. Piss on the slut anytime!...I
love being a urinal!...Always give this slut your piss!...Don't waste it in some
toilet or behind the barn!...I love piss!....OH GOD!...The horse!...I...I...I
think he's going to cum!...He is!...He's cumming in me!...Oh YES!...Empty your
balls boy!...Fill this slut up with your cum!...Uugggg...Give it to me...GIVE IT
TO ME!!!...Oh FUCK!...I'm cumming too!...Fuck me! Fuck me!...Dump your cum in
the slut!...Fill this bitch up with cum!...Oohhh...Feels so
good!...More!...Empty your balls!...Give the whore all of your cum...Please!"
she begged.

Cumbag passed out this time before the horse pulled his cock from her cunt. She
came to when she felt something thick, heavy and wet bouncing off of her face.
As her eyes focused she saw it was a horse cock. The way they had the horse
standing over her this time, she was able to get the horse's cock in her mouth.
Cumbag opened her mouth as wide as she could. She sucked the head of his cock
and got a mouth full of fresh horse cum. She came again. The horse lunged
forward, stuffing his cock down her throat. As Cumbag stared down the long stalk
of his cock, she blacked out again.

"This is so much fun...Am I being a good little slut for your horses?...My cunt
is pretty stretched out right now, but would you guys like to fuck my
mouth?...I'd love to be your cocksucker!...I know I'm just a stupid cock-pig,
but I want to that you for letting your horses fuck me...I love it when men show
me just how nasty of a fucking pig I am!...You guys are so nice to this dumb
piece of fuckmeat...I love showing you what a slut I am...I'm just a fucking
bitch-cunt!...If you want to dump some cum in the whore...Please!...Just grab my
fucking head and fuck my  mouth-cunt all you want to!" Cumbag grinned.

Her cunt was sore and she could fill a stream of cum running from her cunt.
David walked to her. He spat in her face and hit her. Cumbag looked up in a daze
and smiled at him.

"Slap this stupid cunt!...That's what this stupid rape toy if for!...Hit
me!...Spit on me!...Fuck me and piss on me!...After everyone is through hurting
me and fucking me, just throw me in the trash!...That's what I want!...Use me
for your cumdump, piss on me and then put me in the gutter where I
belong!...Want to fuck this slut's mouth?...Ha, ha, ha....Here!...When I open my
mouth...You fuck it. Fuck it like a cunt!...If I start to choke, then fuck it
harder!...Shoot some jizz in the cumbag...It will hold it...Ready?...Fuck
it...Fuck this pig's mouth!" Cumbag said as she opened her mouth in front of
him.

David hit her again, bringing a round of laughter from the other men.

"You dumb cunt!...What makes you think I want to stick my cock in you., you
fucking whore!...The only thing you're good for is fucking my animals!...That
and getting pissed on!...Shit!...If I want to cum, I'll fuck a woman. Not some
fuckpig like you!" he screamed as he hit her again.

Cumbag had a small, hard cum as he showed his disgust to her. She looked up at
him as the room tilted from the blows.

"Yes sir...You're right!...I'm not worth fucking. I am just a stupid fuckpig.
I'm sorry. I can't help it...I just love being a fucktoy so much...I don't blame
you for wanting to fuck women instead of a walking cum receptacle like this
slut...The slut wishes that you would dump your cum in it though...May I have
another horse cock?...Please!...I love getting fucked by your horses...It fills
soooo good to be their slut!...Please!...Can I get fucked some more?...Oh Thank
you sir!...Another horse for the slut!" Cumbag exclaimed as she saw Tom walking
another horse into the barn.

"Ha, ha, ha...This ones a little different, slut!...Ha, ha, ha...In fact...This
one is nothing like the others!" David said with a laugh.

Cumbag gave him a puzzled look. But when Tom turned the horse around and backed
the horse up toward Cumbag's face, she understood. This horse was a mare. Cumbag
stared blankly at the horse's cunt for a minute. When someone hit Cumbag's ass
with something, she went to work. She pressed her face into the horse's cunt and
slurped away. She stuck her tongue into it and lapped all around. She smeared
her face up and down in the horse's slimy cunt as the men laughed at her.

"Ha, ha, ha...Eat that horse-cunt, you stupid whore!"
"Look at that slut!"
"Crazy bitch!"

"Slurp on that horse pussy, you fucking puta! Ha, ha, ha"
"I wish I had my camera!"

Cumbag ate the horse's cunt for only a few minutes. She couldn't tell if she
made the horse cum or not. But suddenly the mare pissed. The men laughed as
Cumbag's face was splattered with the mare's piss. Cumbag guzzled the horse piss
as she licked the horse's cunt. Then the mare kicked Cumbag in the head. Once
again...the world went black.

Cumbag didn't know how long she was unconscious. She woke up right when another
horse was cumming in her cunt. Cumbag could only manage a small wiggle of her
ass when the horse pulled his cock from her cunt. When Tom brought the horse
around to her face for her to clean his cock, it was all that the exhausted slut
could do. She licked the horse's cock as well as she could. She had a small
orgasm as she swallowed a nice mouthful of horse cum, but she was still dazed
from the mare kicking her. Cumbag could feel cum running from her cunt. She
heard it splatter into the bucket below her cunt. She looked over at the leering
men.

"Oohhh...The cumbag is so full of cum...It's running out of the slut's cunt. Can
you here it drip into the bucket?...Shit!...This bitch loves to be filled with
hot cum...Oohhh...Oh GOD!...I am such a whore!...I'm so glad that you guys tied
me down and are letting your horses rape me!...Do you have any more horses that
need a slut to fuck?...I want some more horse-cock!...Bring some horses to fuck
me...Please?...Am I being a good rapetoy for them?...This slut can take
more!...I really can!...Fuck this pig some more!" Cumbag moaned as she ground
her ass in a small circle.

She smiled at Bill when he and Tom rolled a strange looking machine beside her.

"Hello sir...Would you like to fuck the slut?...I'm afraid my cunt is a loose
and full of horse-cum right now, but my mouth is still a good fuck...Would you
like to feed the bitch your cock?...I'll be a good cocksucker, sir." Cumbag told
him with a wink.

Bill just smirked as he held a tube in his hand and gave Cumbag an evil look.

"Is that for me?...What is it?...Is it something to fuck the slut with?...Oh
GOODY!...The pig hopes so...I love it when you do nasty things to me." Cumbag
whimpered.

"It ain't to something to fuck you with, you stupid bitch...But I do hope it
fucks you up! Ha, ha, ha...It's a milking machine. We use it on the cows. Since
you are a fuck-cow, we thought it would be fun to use it on you, cunt! Ha, ha,
ha...Doesn't that sound like fun to you bitch? Don't you want us to try to milk
those slut-bag tits of yours?" Bill asked.

"Oh yes...Milk this slut's fucking tits!...It sounds like fun to this
fuck-cow!...Ooohhh...I hope it hurts. You know how much this cunt loves to get
her fucking slut-tits hurts! Ha, ha, ha...Do it!...Milk this sow!" Cumbag
laughed.

He grabbed her right tit roughly Cumbag shuddered as he stuck the end of the
milking tube on her nipple.

"Turn it on Tom. Let's fuck up this whore's tits! Ha, ha, ha..." Bill said as he
winked at Tom.

Tom smiled as he flipped the switch. The chuga-chuga sound of the milking
machine filled the barn. Cumbag felt the vacuum of the machine suck at her
nipple. They all watched as her nipple was sucked into the fitting on the tube.
Tingles shot thru her nipple as the suction grew. Bill took another tube to her
left nipple and laughed as that nipple was drawn into a milking tube also.
Cumbag started to cum as she felt both of her nipples being sucked into the
hoses.

"Oooohh...That feels so good!...It feels like my fucking nipples are going to be
ripped off of my fucking cow-tits!...Uugggg...Turn the machine up. Can you make
it suck my tits harder?...Come on...This cunt can take it. Give me more!...Milk
this slut-cow!...Milk the whore! Oh God!...The slut is going to cum
again!...Watch your nasty bitch-whore cum while her fucking nipples are sucked
off of her slut-bag tits!" Cumbag shouted as she came.

Thru the clear fitting on the milking tubes they could see her nipples. The men
laughed as her nipples stretched under the suction. Cumbag trembled through
another orgasm at her nipples stretched to a length of almost three inches.

Cumbag heard the sounds of hooves and knew they were bringing another horse to
fuck her. Still dazed, she wiggled her ass for the new horse.

"Oh, thank you!...You have another horse that wants to rape the whore!...Come
here horsie...Come fuck the slut!...Shove your cock in the whore's cunt and fuck
her like the stupid little cunt she is...Fuck me boy...Fuck this dumb pig-slut
and dump your nice hot cum in her fucking cunt...Please!...Come fuck the little
fuckpig!...Rape me while my slut-tits are milked...Come on big boy. Cram your
big cock in my slutty cunt and fuck this whore-cow in the dirt!" Cumbag said.

She felt the horse get over her. She stopped wiggling her ass so he could get
his cock in her. Her nipples started to hurt under the suction of the milking
machine. Cumbag had another orgasm as she waited for the horse to rape her cunt.
She heard someone slap the horse's flank to get him started fucking her.

Cumbag screamed.

"Aaarrgg...Get him out!...Pull him out!...My ass!...He's in my
ass!...PLEASE!...Pull it out!...I can't take it!...It's too big!..PLEASE!...Put
him in my cunt!...My ass can't take it!....My cunt!...Put his cock in my
cunt!...OH NO!!!....Arrrgg..." her screaming was silenced.

Pedro had picked up a ball of horse shit and shoved it in her mouth. The men all
laughed.

"That should shut up the stupid puta!...Who do you think you are to tell our
horses what they can fuck!...You just better loosen that whore's ass,
bitch!...King wants to fuck your ass, then King is going to fuck
it!...Understand?...Now slam your ass back on his cock bitch! Ha, ha, ha..."
Pedro laughed.

Cumbag thought her ass was ripping. The horse slammed his giant cock in and out
of her ass without mercy. Cumbag moaned and groaned around the mouthful of horse
shit as she snorted through her nose. Her face was white with fear and pain as
the horse wrecked her asshole.

Her nipples had stretched to an impossible length. Sparks of lust joined the
waves of pain that flowed from her tits to her clit. The pain of her tits and
the torture of her ass being raped by the horse fueled a huge orgasm for the
spasming slut.

Cumbag hoped she would pass out. But the searing pain was too great. Her only
relief was chewing the ball of shit that Pedro had shoved in her mouth. Cumbag
shook her head in disbelief. Her body was betraying her as she felt the wave of
an orgasm waffle through her body.

After she came, she noticed her asshole was getting numb. The pain was
lessening. The pain was gone. All that was left was that wonderful feeling she
always got when her ass was fucked. Cumbag swallowed the mouthful of horse shit
and came again.

"Oh god!...It feels good!...Do it boy!...Tear my fucking ass up!...Fuck this
bitch's ass!...Uuuggghh...SHIT!...Fucking me so good!...He's fucking my ass so
good!...Rape me!...Rape this fucking slut-cunt-whore-bitch!...Tear up my fucking
ass!...Ooohhh...I'm going to cum!...Watch this fucking slut cum by getting ass
fucked by this horse!...My tits!...Milk my fucking tits while the horse fucks my
ass! Turn it up!...Milk the slut's tits harder!...Ooohhh...I'm such a fucking
whore!...Oh...YES!...The sluts cumming sooo good!...Don't stop!...Fuck
me!...Fuck me!...Uuggg...He's...He's going to cum!...Oh shit!...Do it boy!...Cum
in the slut's fucking ass!...Do it!...Fill this whore's ass with horse
cum!....Aaahhhh..." Cumbag wailed as she felt the horse's cock twitch in her
ass.

He fucked her ass faster as his cock exploded in her ass. To Cumbag, it felt
like a fire hose had gone off in her ass. A giant orgasm hit her as he emptied
his balls in her ass. Cumbag passed out.

She came to when David started dunking her head in a bucket of horse piss. He
and the other men laughed as he stepped on the back of her head, forcing her
face to the bottom of the bucket of piss. When Cumbag would flail her arms, he
would remove his foot. Cumbag would jerk her head out of the bucket and gasp for
air. Then he would laugh and step on her head, smashing her face to the bucket's
bottom again. Cumbag sucked in mouthfuls of horse piss when her face was pinned
to the bottom. This went on for about 5 minutes. David stopped when Cumbag had
drank most of the 5 gallon bucket of horse piss. The men then sat Cumbag on the
bucket they had placed under her ass while the horses had fucked her. Horse cum
poured from her cunt and ass, joining the rest of the cum they had collected in
the bucket.

Cumbag's nipples stood out like little fingers. Her nipples were three inches
long. Pedro couldn't resist. He took his belt off and whipped her tits. Cumbag
came when he whacked her nipples.

"YEAH!...Whip my tits!...Mmmmm...Hurt them!...Use the buckle!...Hit my tits with
the buckle!" Cumbag said as she shook her tits from side to side.

"I thought you would still be in the barn. How was the pig?...Was she a good
slut for you and your horses?"

Everyone turned to see Steve entering the barn. Pedro smiled as he kept whipping
her tits.

"Hi Steve. Yeah. We had fun with the slut...Of course; I think the horses had
the most fun with the pig-whore." David said with a laugh.

Pedro stopped whipping Cumbag's tits when Steve walked to her and grabbed a
handful of her hair. Cumbag smiled at him when he jerked her head up.

"Were you a good slut, Cumbag?...Were you a good little whore for the horses?"
Steve asked before he spit in her face.

Cumbag shuddered as her clit twitched.

"I think I was a good whore, sir...I tried to be....Thank you for leaving me
here, sir. It was wonderful! The men whipped and beat me. They fucked my mouth
and gave me lots of cum to eat. They pissed on me a lot. They fist-fucked me so
that my whore's cunt would be loose for the horses. They let me suck horse cock
and cum...They even let me suck a horse's cunt!...She pissed in my fucking face!
Ha, ha, ha...But she wasn't the only one. Four or five horses pissed on the
slut....I lost count, but I think 7 or 8 horses raped me. It was great!...One
horse even raped my ass!...Oooohhh...God!...That was great!...Oh! They put a
milking machine on me!...Look at my fucking tits!...Don't they look
great?...They milked this slutty fuckpig just like a cow. Plus, I was ass-raped
by a horse while they did it!...Can I come back again sometime?...Your whore
loved being a fucktoy for the horses." Cumbag smiled.

Steve slapped her. Cumbag grinned.

"Are finished with the whore?...She has to entertain a Boy Scout troop in a
couple of days. I need for her cunt and ass to tighten up before they get her.
Boy's cocks are smaller that horse's! Ha, ha, ha..." Steve laughed.

"We are done with the pig...In fact you're here just in time." David said as he
nodded to Pedro.

Pedro grabbed Cumbag by her tits and pulled her off of the bucket she was
squatting over. He threw her to the floor.

"Would you like to do the honors, Steve?" David asked as he motioned to the
bucket.

Steve smiled as he understood. He picked up the bucket and stood over Cumbag.
All of the men stood around the smiling slut.

"Open up, bitch...Time to fill up the cumbag! Ha, ha, ha..." Steve laughed.

"Ooohhh...Yes sir!...Fill this slut with cum. I'm ready!...Pour it in!" Cumbag
said as she opened her mouth.

Steve tilted the bucket of horse cum that had been collected from her cunt and
ass. A river of horse cum, about two inches wide ran from the bucket. The stream
of cum quickly filled Cumbag's open mouth as she started to cum. She choked and
sputtered as she swallowed horse cum as fast as she could. Cumbag came again as
she remembered everything that they had done to her.

She didn't think she would ever stop cumming.


The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Steve Dema


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





