BDSM Library - Self Denial, Self Retraint, Self Control...




Self Denial, Self Retraint, Self Control...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Taking myself to the edge again and again and again... only to mercilessly cruelly leave my body hanging, helpless, desperate for the very relaese I refuse to grant.
Self Denial, Self Retraint, Self Control...

I found stories to read - one about an invader from a woman's dreams who tops
her as if it was meant to be.  Reading, my fingers pleasured my pussy as if my
orgasm was meant to be. 

I read the story and moved on to another... one about submitting fully to a
master, about being taken: spanked and fucked by a loving master who teases
mercilessly and tortures his slut's tits while he fucks her.  And as I read, my
fingers began to slowly circle my clit.  I rubbed and massaged it, circling it
with the fingers of one hand until it was engorged, swollen, and sensitive to
the touch...  And then I picked up the pace - I rubbed it ceaselessly and
pleasured it mercilessly in hard circles, playing with it in my fingers... I
brought myself to the very edge and increased pace and pressure, desperate for
release.  And I stopped myself milliseconds before I came.

Then I found another story to read about a pissed-off woman whose boyfriend
makes it all better with a little bondage and a crotch rope.  As I read the
story, my fingers ran along my labia, caressing it softly and increasing the
pressure as I rubbed it.  I worked myself up again, sending shivers up my spine
when I stopped.  I rubbed my clit and stopped again - shaking, but not cumming.

And then, I found another story....  About a slave hung upside-down and granted
pleasure and pain through her true submission to her master.  My hand massaged
my pussy through my pants, rubbing hard and fast and jerking myself towards the
waves of pleasure that I knew would rock my body...  I finished the story.  And
still my hand caressed my soft flesh through my thick jeans and brought me
pleasure...  Hard and fast it pressed against my delicate folds, through my
thick, heavy pants.  I could feel heat radiate through my body as my pussy
rocked and contracted around my panties - around my pants - around my fingers... 
And then I pulled them away again...  My sexual tension is at paramount.  My
need and desire are raging.... My hand is gently, evilly, wonderfully,
teasing.....torturing.......pleasing.... 

And as I move on to another story about a crotch rope and tied nipples, I pinch
my own nipples and continue my glorious torture of pleasure and denial. 
Twisting and pulling on the pink buds emerging from my breasts.

I squeeze my nipples and move on to the next story... about finding your
girlfriend cuffed and bound - wrapped under the Christmas tree for you - what a
present....  And my nipples stand at attention like rock hard points.  Each
touch, squeeze, caress, sends a pulse lower in my body, wetting my pretty pink
pussy and making it even more desperate for the orgasm I am not ready to give
it.  I am torturing myself with this sweet pleasure.  The mere thought of my
control makes it harder to control myself and my urges. 

I am rubbing my pussy again... and twisting, squeezing, pulling my nipples as I
move on to another story.  This one's also about suspension, but not inverted...
it's about hanging from your tits, and the chopstick vices seem like something I
want to try, indeed... I read and moan, grinding my hand into my pussy and my
clit.  Finishing the story, I am near finishing myself... I go at it with extra
oomph, upping the self-indulgence and control.  And again, I stop myself on the
very verge of cumming.  It is pure torture and sweet control all in the same
instant.  The pleasure of denial is almost as extreme as the torture of touch...

I begin another story... about what a blindfold can do... (And, oh, it can do a
lot!).  I'm gushing.... I run my hands along my inner thighs again and again -
barely only touching my pussy teasingly... It's enough to keep me on the edge,
dying, begging myself for more...  But even then, I denied myself the body
rocking pleasure of an orgasm that my insatiable cunt lusted for...

And then I went to take a shower.  Now, I know what you're thinking... and yes,
I did masturbate my heart out.  I brought myself to the very verge of orgasm 13
times and stopped.  And even then, I pointed the stream of water at my clit and
let it pound out my pleasure.  But I pulled back again... As the warm water
cascaded over my body, I longed deep inside to orgasm.  I longed to feel
pleasure rush through me form my very core, but I denied myself of that...again,
and again, and again...  More than that, I teased myself and brought myself
tottering on the brim of sexual explosion...and then pulled back again.

My nipples are perpetually hard...My clit is perpetually engorged...My cunt is
perpetually wet...My pussy is perpetually swollen...And I am perpetually lusting
for sweet and precious release from my own control.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  icechic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





