BDSM Library - Amanda's Nightmare




Amanda's Nightmare
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Amanda is bored; untill she meets a man through a chat site. Then her life becomes a real nightmare.
"AMANDA'S  NIGHTMARE"

By  ANGILGIRL

        The story you are about to read might have been true if it were not for
a nightmare.  Many of the events are true: I came so close.  This is my first
attempt at writing about my adventures.

                                     "The Story"

The computer shone in her face like a giant light bulb as she tried to find an
interest in her new toy.  So far nothing interested her as she looked through
sites containing information on cooking and fashion.  She even tried checking
out some of the fitness sites; it all looked so very boring.

Her lover had given it to her for her nineteenth birthday.  He wanted her to
have it so they could communicate in the chat sites when he was away on
business, or with his family.  It wasn't that Mandi didn't know how to use a
computer; she just felt they were boring.  But she had promised she would give
it a try.

One thing she did find interesting was the chat sites.  She found it refreshing
how everyone seemed so willing to talk openly.  On one particular evening Mandi
was chatting with a man she had known for a short time.  He called himself, "Big
Daddy" and they're chatting had become extremely sexual.  Mandi had an orgasm
every time she chatted with him.  She had taken the name, "Angel girl", to
remain anonymous.

"How are you tonight?"  She saw Big Daddy type onto her screen.

"I'm a little lonely.  My lover is away and I'm all alone," she answered.

"I wish I were with you right now," he answered back.

"Why?  What would you do?"  Mandi answered boldly as she felt excitement
tingling through her body.

"Was that really your phone number you gave me the last time we chatted?"  He
asked.  "Can I phone you now?"

Mandi stared at the words on her screen.  She had given him her phone number in
the past; but he never phoned her.

"He has found some courage tonight," she giggled to herself as her fingers
played between her legs.  "What the hell, I'll tell him he can phone me.

"Yes, Big Daddy that is my phone number you have.  I would love you to phone
me."

She watched as Big Daddy's name disappeared off the screen.  "I scared him away
again," she thought as she turned the computer off in disgust.

She went into her bedroom and stood in front of the large floor-to-ceiling
mirror.  She swayed her hips to the music playing on her radio and removed her
clothes as if she were a stripper.  She continued until she was naked except for
her panties. She put one hand between her legs and began to make little circles
around her clit as her other hand pinched her hard nipples.

"Oh God!"  She sighed.  "I need loving so badly; I'm going to go crazy if I
don't get fucked soon. I'll take a shower; maybe that will help me."

 As she adjusted the shower and stepped into its warm stream she sighed loudly
as the pulsing stream began massaging her flesh.  She directed it to her pubic
mound and moaned even louder as it licked her clit.  She could feel an orgasm
building when all of a sudden the phone began ringing.

"God damn, who could that be?"  She thought.  "It's probably my mother.  If I
don't answer it she will probably phone 911; she has already ruined the moment."

She grabbed a bath towel; wrapping it around herself as she ran back into her
bedroom.  She jumped onto the bed picking up the phone.

"Hello Mom!"  She said in a sarcastic tone.

  There was a long pause on the other end. Then she heard a man's voice.

"Angel girl?  Is that you?"  She heard the voice asking.

"Oh no! It's him!  It's Big Daddy," she thought as her body trembled.

"Yes, yes it's me," she answered sheepishly.

"I'm sorry it took so long to phone," she heard his deep voice saying.  "But
there were some things I had to do."

"That's okay," Mandi answered.  "I was just finishing a shower."

"Tell me what you are doing now."  She heard his commanding voice say.  "Tell me
what you are wearing and where you are."

His voice had a strange effect on her.  For some reason she felt compelled to
answer him.  "I was in the shower when you phoned.  I am lying on my bed with a
towel around myself," she answered obediently.

"I want you to remove the towel and look at your body as you never have before. 
I want you to tell me exactly what you see."

"What is he doing to me?"  Mandi thought to herself.  "I feel as if I'm under
his control; as if I'm his slave.  I feel like I must obey him."

"I am lying on the bed and have just thrown the towel onto the floor.  I have
light blond hair that is long and curly.  My eyes are a hazel green.  My breasts
are not really big; but they are firm with large pink nipples.  My pussy is as
soft as a baby's bum; I just finished shaving, HA,,HA  " she laughed nervously. 
"I'm five feet tall and I weigh a hundred pounds.  I hate the sun so my skin is
very white.  Is that a good enough description of me Big Daddy?"  She asked
laughing nervously again.

"Never call me "Big Daddy" again!"  He bellowed.  "From this moment on you will
call me "Master".  Do you understand?"

"I feel like I'm completely under his control.  How is he doing this to me?  I'm
getting so excited," she thought as she felt the twinges of electricity between
her legs.

"Yes "Master", I understand."

"Is your pussy wet?"  She heard his voice asking.

"Yes Master, it is," she answered submissively.

"Stick your fingers into your cunt; stick them all in.  I want to hear you'r
screams from the pain," he said excitedly.

Mandi had never put more than two fingers into herself; but she felt she must
obey her new "Master".  As her fingers began to spread the lips of her swollen
pussy it felt as if they weren't hers.  It was his hand pushing into her as she
lay back spreading her legs wide.  The pressure in her pussy was beginning to
hurt terribly.

"Please! Please stop!," she began to sob.  "It hurts so much."  Her master was
in total control of her now.

"I haven't even begun." she heard his voice saying.  "I have a knife and I will
slit your fucking throat if you don't do exactly as I say.  Now shove your
entire hand into that whore cunt.  Do it now slut!"

Mandi's head was spinning as her hand pushed farther and farther into her;
deeper than it had ever gone before. Pain was revelling up her spine and
exploding from her lungs.

"No, Noooooooooo,AAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggggggggggghhhhhh!"  She screamed
as her hand disappeared inside her stretched pussy.

"Did you do it bitch?"  She heard him yelling through the phone.

"Yes Master.  My hand is all the way inside of me," she gasped in disbelief.

"I want you to make your hand into a fist.  I want you to fuck that whore cunt
with your fist.  I want you to fuck it hard and fast," she heard him ordering
her.

"Yes Master, Yes, Oh God, Oh God," she screamed.  "My pussy hurts so much and
yet it feels so good; the pain feels so good.  Oh God I love the pain," she
screamed over and over into the phone.

"I want you to reach in so deep that you feel your beating heart," she heard him
saying.

His words were driving her wild with passion; the lust in her loins was greater
then she had ever experienced.  She was pushing so hard she was hitting her
cervix as her body began to erupt with orgasm. Jolts of electricity were
shooting into her brain and the pain had turned to pure pleasure.

"No, Nooooooooo, Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo,YESSSSSSsssssssssssssssss" she
screamed as she dropped the phone between her legs and with both hands pushed it
into herself.  It felt like her pussy was being ripped apart, but she didn't
care; she wanted it to rip.  She wanted to feel the pain of orgasm after orgasm
raging through her body. Finally she lay as if she were dead; the phone still
buried deeply in her pussy.  She could hear a muffled voice calling out to her.

"Angel girl, Angel girl, are you there?"  Her Master seemed to be far away.

She pulled the phone from between her legs.  It was covered in a sparkling
wetness and a trace of blood.  She put it to her mouth and began to lick the
warm fluid.

"Angel girl, answer me," she could hear him yelling.

"What have you done to me?"  She gasped as she put the receiver to her ear.  "I
feel as if I've been raped; my pussy is so sore and it's bleeding."

"But you loved it!"  He said cutting her off before she could say any thing
more.  "It was the best fuck your slut cunt has ever had.  Wasn't it?"

"I don't want to admit to that." She giggled." But it was wonderful.  I have
never experienced such passion.  And you weren't even here,".

"If I had been there "Angel girl", I would have killed you.  I would have cut
your fucking heart out and eaten it as I watched the life leave your worthless
cunt.  I don't think you are ready for that, "YET".  Are you?"  He said in a
statistic tone.

Mandi remained silent; she didn't know what to say.  Her emotions were out of
control.

"But you think about it all the time don't you my little slut?  You fantasize
about being raped and tortured.  Don't you?"  He said in a voice that seemed to
be looking into her mind.......

"How does he know these things about me?"  She thought as a cold shiver ran up
her spine.  "I have never told anyone about the crazy things in my mind.  How
could he possibly know what I think?

"How do you know?  How do you know how I feel?"  She pleaded.  "I've never told
anyone about those thoughts."

"I knew," he said.  "I knew the first time we chatted.  You are not so unique;
there are others like you and me."


"I never met anyone who could understand me before now," she said as she began
to cry into the phone.  "You are the only person who knows about the monster in
me.  I don't believe there are others who fantasize as I do.  If there are where
do I find them?"

"I will tell you a site to go to "Angel girl" but you must be very careful
there.  The majority of the people are harmless; they are there to fantasize
like yourself.  But some; like myself would tear your cunt from your body."

He told her the name of the site and again warned her to be careful.  After
Mandi hung up she laid back on her bed totally exhausted; her heart was pounding
wildly.

"I can't believe how excited he made me.  I can't believe what he made me do to
my poor pussy.  It's so sore," she thought to herself as her body pulled her
into a deep sleep.

The next day she decided to look at the Web site he had told her about.  She
watched as the screen turned black; then words started to appear.  She scrolled
down the page reading a long disclaimer that said the site was for adults only
and that they were looking for new stories.

"I'm not interested in writing any silly love stories," she giggled to herself.

She was about to turn off the computer when she noticed the title of one of the
stories.  "Girl Gets A Zipper".

"I wonder what that story could be about?"  She thought to herself.

She opened it and began reading.  It was a story about a girl whose Daddy had
gotten a doctor to put a pair of zippers in her mouth and her vagina.  Mandi
couldn't believe what she was reading.

"The things they are doing to that innocent child; I just don't believe it. 
They are treating her as if she is a toy; a sex toy.  They don't care anything
about her except that she is a female.  Old fuck!  I'm getting so horny; my
heart pounding like crazy.  Yes, yes, fuck the little bitch!  Rip her cunt
wide-open.  Shove your cock down her throat," she heard herself yelling as she
read the story.

It was the most exciting thing she ever read; her panties were soaking.  Her
juices were running down her legs as orgasm after orgasm burst through her body. 
She was totally drained but couldn't stop herself from opening another story. 
It was about a girl child who had being abducted by two men and taken to a
deserted barn.  One of the men kept telling her the things they were going to do
to her as they drove.

"I want to read this story so badly," she thought.  But I'm sure I would have
heart failure; my body can't take any more. If I keep reading I think another
orgasm might kill me" she laughed.  "This is the best day of my life.  I have
finally found people that like what I like."

Over the next few weeks Mandi went to the site every chance she got; she didn't
tell anyone what she was doing.

One night while lying on her bed with her lover he said, "What is wrong with you
Mandi?  It's like you hardly notice I'm here; if it wasn't for the fact that you
are always wet I wouldn't think that you enjoyed fucking me.  You seem so
detached."

Mandi decided to take a chance and confide in her lover.

"Do you remember when you gave me the computer you said I should find something
that interested me?"

"Yeah, so what," he answered sarcastically.

"I found a site I really like.  It's where people write stories.  I thought I
might try writing a story myself.  The stories are about  _  ___    ____,"

"Sometimes I think you are fucking nuts!"  He yelled cutting her off before she
could finish.  "I think you use your brain enough already.  I don't want you
spending your time thinking about stories when you should be paying attention to
me.  You got a great body; maybe the best I've ever seen.  Your cunt is hot and
tight; but you were not blessed with much of her brain.  So use what you've got
and forget about the writing shit.

Mandi never mentioned the site to him again; she would keep her fantasies a
secret as she had all of her life.  But that didn't stop her from going to the
site every chance she got.  She became so excited each time she read one of the
stories that her mind began revealing to her the stories that had been hidden so
deeply in her for so many years.

"Oh, I wish I could tell one of my stories; I wish I could share the stories I
have in my mind with others.  But I know I could never write a story good enough
to be accepted."  She thought sadly to herself.  "Maybe if I wrote one as best I
could and send it to another author they might fix it up and post it as their
own.  That's what I'll do," she thought quite pleased with herself.

Mandi couldn't wait to sit at her computer and begin her story; writing really
excited her.  She thought about all the different people that would read it. 
About the men it may excite. She could have written her story much quicker if it
wasn't for having to stop and masturbate every half-hour.

"This is the most amazing thing that has ever happened to me.  I am either
exploding with orgasms or I am on the brink of one all the time I am writing.  I
have never experienced anything so wonderful," she thought to herself.

By the time she had finished the first half of her story she was becoming very
excited by thoughts of people sharing her most intimate feelings. She decided
against giving her story to another author as she now wanted to be known as the
author of her story.  She decided to send the story even though she was sure it
would be rejected.

"Oh my God! Oh my God!  What have I done?  I have exposed my soul to everyone. 
I've never told anyone about the things in my mind; and now I have laid myself
bear to strangers.  God, I'm so scared.  What will they think of me?  They will
probably take one look at my story and throw it into the garbage.  Thank God I
didn't tell them my real name.  I'm such a dumb cunt to think I could write a
story."


After a few days Mandi checked to her e-mail and saw a message waiting for her.

"They have sent my story back," she thought.  "They will probably say what a
stupid cunt I am."

When she opened the letter she couldn't believe her eyes.  It was such a
pleasant encouraging letter.  The writer said that he liked the story but she
needed to do a little work on it before he could post it.  Mandi was thrilled;
the man was encouraging her to continue.  It was the happiest day of her life. 
After several attempts and many kind words from the editor of the site she was
told her story would be posted.  Mandi checked the site every day until she saw
her story posted for the entire world to see.

"All the other writers will see my story now," she thought proudly to herself. 
"I wish there was some way to know them."

Mandi had placed her e-mail address at the end of the story.  She hoped that
other writers might tell her what they thought.  She received several responses
giving her advice.  Others said they liked her story.  One man even told her he
would like to capture her and make her his personal slave.

One evening as she was getting ready for bed she decided it would be nice to
print out all the letters she had received and look at them while laying on her
bed. She began reading a story about a girl who was bound and gagged with
clothespins attached to her nipples and the lips of her pussy.


"I can't believe it would be a turn on for a girl," she thought.  "How could a
girl cum with clothespins on her nipples and pussy.  I'm so horny; I will never
get to sleep feeling like this," she moaned.

She went into the bathroom to get her vibrator.  As she turned back towards her
bedroom she stopped suddenly.  On the counter was her box of plastic clothespins
she used to air dry her panties.  She stood for a long moment staring down at
the box.

"I wonder what it would feel like," she thought.  "I'm sure it would hurt like
crazy.  I must be nuts to even think about it."

As she walked out of the bathroom her hand reached out as if possessed picking
up the box.  She stripped off her pyjamas and stretched out on her bed totally
naked; it was warm and cozy in her bedroom.  She placed her vibrator and
clothespins by her side and the small stack of letters was on her other side. 
As she read she could feel a wetness between her legs.  The first letter was
from a man who said she must be very kinky to write such erotic stories.  It
said how much he would like to know her and some of the things he would like to
do to her.  She couldn't believe it when she read he wanted to attach
clothespins to her clit.

"My clit!  He would put a clothespin on my clit!"  She thought as she felt a
chill run up her exposed flesh.  "I know I could never endure that."

Her eyes fell onto her vibrator; then to the box of clothespins.  She smiled as
she lifted the huge black cock with plastic veins bulging all over it.  She
placed it between her legs as she turning it on.  She could hear its pleasant
humming as it began to massage her puffy egger lips.  She lifted it higher till
it was just over her clit.

"AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGGGGGGaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa" she yelled out.  "That feels
Sooooooo good.  I should go more slowly if I want this to last," she smiled
contentedly.

She  rubbed her swollen clit as she read and was panting like a bitch in heat by
the time she had finished reading the last letter.  Her legs were splayed wide;
her knees high in the air.  She was moving the vibrator faster on her yielding
pussy and pinching her nipples with her free hand when her eyes fell onto the
box of clothespins.  She lifted one from a box and began teasing her nipples
with it.

"I'm so hot.  The thought of this clip biting into my nipple is driving me wild. 
I just have to know.  I have to try it.  I can't stop myself," she thought as
she lifted the clothespin to her heaving breasts.

"Oh God!  It looks like it's going to take a big bite out of me," she thought as
its jaws opening wide.

She lowered the clip to her hard swollen nipple.

"Yes, Yes, Eat my nipple.  Hurt me," she heard herself begging as she released
the clip to her nipple.

"EEEEEEEEEEEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWW!"  She screamed as it bit into her.

She felt the pain shooting from her ravaged nipple straight into her pussy.  The
muscles between her legs began to twitch and tighten.

"OOOOOOHHHHHHHHAAAAAAA.  It hurt! It hurts! But it feels so good; the pain
shooting into my pussy.  I'm so close to Cumming."  She screamed with pleasure.

She lifted another clip from the box and opening its waiting jaws.  She placed
it above her other swollen nipple and slowly released it.

"YOW!!!!!,,Yowwww,,," she whimpered as if pleading for it not to hurt her.

This time the sensation only seemed to be in her pussy; her nipples and her
pussy were like one.  She could feel the pressure building as her vibrator
pushed back the hood allowing her clit to become completely exposed.  As her
aching body drew closer and closer to orgasm she lifted another clothespin from
a box and teasingly held it between her legs.

"Do I dare?  Do I dare put it to my clit?"  She thought as she saw her clit
filling with blood and sticking into the air like a tiny penis.  She lifted her
hips thrusting her pussy forward and plunged the huge vibrator deep into her
dripping cunt.

"Oh God!  I'm Cumming!  I'm Cumming!" she screamed at the top of her lungs. 
"AAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh" she
yelled as orgasm rippled through her body and she lost her grip on the
clothespin. It clamped down like a savage animal on her exposed clit. A blinding
white light and then nothing but blackness.

She had no idea how long she had been out.  She felt wonderfully refreshed.  It
was as if she was in a dream; she never felt so good.

"If that wasn't the best orgasm I've ever had I'm sure I can't remember a better
one," she thought as a huge smile spread across her face.

She was about to get off the bed when one of the letters caught her eye.

"What is this?  I never saw a letter written in red earlier," she thought.  "It
must have been stuck to one of the other letters."

 It was from a man who said he was another author and for the moment wished to
remain anonymous.  He said she would understand as she read his letter.  It said
that many of the authors met at a secret place once a year.  They had decided to
invite her as the new writer this year.  He was sure she would understand the
need for secrecy as some people would cause problems if they knew the location
of the meeting place.  When Mandi read that the meeting would be held outside
Seattle she was thrilled as that was where she lived.  The date for the meeting
was that coming Friday.  She was to be on the corner of Maine and 18th at
exactly 11 45 p.m...  The person who would contact her would know her pen name,
"Angel girl".  He would blindfold her and she would ride that way until they
arrived at the meeting place.

"Why all the intrigue?"  Thought Mandi.  "I guess they really don't want
strangers finding out the location.  I can't wait to go; I'm so excited. 
Finally will meet people who have fantasies as I do."

All week long she could think of nothing except going to the meeting.

"I wonder why it's starting so late.  I wonder why they want me to be on a
deserted corner so late at night.  They must know what they're doing.  They've
probably done this many times before," she thought trying to reassure herself.

 Friday Mandi was on pins and needles waiting for evening to come.  At 7 p.m.
she decided to begin getting ready for the big event by going into the bathroom
and stripping her body naked.  She turned the shower on and stepped into it. 
The hot pulsing water felt wonderful on her flesh.  She used a razor to shave
her legs and under her arms.  She ran her hands up and down her smooth legs as
she looked down at the little bush of hair between her legs.  A devilish smile
crept across her face when she decided to shave it also.

"I don't know why I care so much how my body looks tonight," she thought to
herself.  "No one is going to see me naked; but it makes me feel good knowing
that I look sexy tonight."

She continued caressing her flesh as she stood in the shower.  "It feels so
smooth.  My pussy is so soft and puffy," she thought as she pushed her fingers
between the swollen lips.  She lifted the shower head off its perch bringing it
down between her legs.

"Oh fuck, Oh fuck, Oh fuck,AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaa" she
screamed with pure delight as her body wrenched into orgasm.  "Maybe that will
do me until I get home; I don't need my pussy dripping when I'm at the party,"
she giggled to herself as she stepped from the shower.

She lifted a small package from her dresser and opened it onto her bed.  It was
a matching bra and panty set.  They were black as coal and made of pure silk.

"I never thought I would wear these," she thought coyly to herself.  "But
tonight I want to feel as sexy as I can."

She eased herself into the panties and then the bra.  She began to admire
herself in the mirror as she placed a finger between her legs.  It disappeared
into the folds of her pussy and she could feel the wetness of her arousal.

"I must be nuts to wear crotchless panties and a bra that exposes my nipples but
for some reason I want to feel very sexy tonight."

She put on a black garter belt and then slipped her legs into a sheer pair of
nylons.  She took a dress from her closet; it was a short black dress with a
plunging neckline.  After she finished dressing she looked into the mirror
again.

"I look like a high-priced prostitute," she gasped.  "But I don't care; it makes
me feel so excited.  I just hope my pussy behaves itself," she giggled.

At 11 p.m. the cab came and she told the driver where to take her.

"Are you sure you want to go there at this time of night?"  He asked as he
stared at her trough the mirror.

"Yes.  Take me there quickly," she answered.

There was five minutes to spare when a cab dropped her off and drove away.

"I hope I didn't make a mistake coming here," she thought.  "It's so scary and
there is no one around."

Mandi's heart skiped a beat when she felt a hand resting on her shoulder.


"You are "Angel girl" aren't you?"  She heard a man's voice asking.

"Yes, yes I am," she said slightly relieved.

She saw a car pulling up beside them.  She felt a blindfold going around her
eyes as she heard the car door opening and the man directed her into it.  After
he got in beside her she could feel the car drive away.

"How long is it going to take to get there?"  She asked nervously.  "Do you know
how many people are going to be there?"

Mandi was nervous and frightened.  She was trying to make conversation with the
man but he wouldn't answer her.  After a while she decided to sit back and enjoy
the ride.  It became very quiet outside and she knew they were leaving the city. 
They were somewhere in the suburbs.

"Nice dress bitch!"  She heard a man's voice saying.

"I'm sure I've heard that voice before," she thought to herself.  "It sounds so
familiar."

"You look just like the slut I thought you would be," she heard the voice say
again.  "I think you are finally ready."

"I know that voice.  I know I've heard it before," she thought.

"Who are you?  Why are you talking to me like this?"  She questioned nervously.

Pain flared into her face and she began to see stars.  There was a clap of
thunder accompanied by pain as she fell sideways into the seat.

"I told you to call me "Master". You can speak only if I let you.  I see that I
am going to have to teach you all over again."  The voice boomed beside her.

"Oh God, I know who he is," she thought as fear rushed to her.

"Big Daddy?"  She asked meekly.

Another clap of thunder smashed into her face.  This time the stars didn't
clear; it got blacker until there was nothing.

When Mandi woke all she could think of was the terrible pain in her face until
she tried to raise her hands and they wouldn't move.  She was tied into some
kind of chair and the room was dimly lit.  As her eyes adjusted she thought she
was in a hospital because she was strapped into an examination table with her
legs in stirrups. Her legs were spread so widely than her hips were killing her. 
Her arms were over her head and strapped down also.

"Am I in a hospital?"  She asked herself.  "Was there an accident?  Why are my
legs spread apart?"

She began looking around the room.  There was a small table beside her covered
in surgical instruments, knives, clamps, and extractors.  There were lights over
her head but they weren't turned on.  The room was dark and the walls were made
of cement.  It wasn't a hospital; it seemed more like a basement.

"You did everything just as I thought you would," she heard a voice saying from
behind her.

"What am I doing here?  Why have you done this to me?"  She cried out.

"I'm not going to tell you again," she heard the voice say.

She saw a hand reach from behind with a small clamp between its fingers.  It
attached the clamp to the tip of one of her nipples.  It didn't hurt as much as
she expected ; maybe because of the fear.  It  was then that she realized her
dress had been removed and she was in her panties and bra.  She watched as the
hand reach over putting a clip on her other nipple; then all at once she felt
every muscle in her body contracting.  Her breasts felt like they were being
ripped from her body.  Then as quickly as it had happened it stopped; her heart
was in her mouth.  Her nipples felt like they had been singed with fire.

"It's amazing what a small amount of electricity will do to a body."  The voice
said laughingly.

Someone was walking around in front her.  "He looks like a guerrilla!"  She
thought as she watched the massive form appear in front of her.  "Oh God, he is
so ugly and hairy."

"You are mine now bitch; I have waited a long time for this moment.  Before this
night is over you will beg me to kill you.  But that will not happen till we get
to know each other much better.  You have much to experience," he said smiling
down at her.

His fingers roughly spread the lips of her vagina and pushed back the hood over
her clit totally exposing it.  Then he held up another clip with a wire dangling
from it.  He wanted her to see what he was about to do as he slowly lowered the
clip to her.

"No!  Noooooooooooooooo!  Please nooooooooooooooo!"  Mandi began to scream. 

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA" she screamed with pain as the clip bit into the soft flesh of
her womanhood.

"I told you to be careful," he said laughing.  "I told you to be wary of people
like me."

"Please, Please.  Let me go," she begged as tears poured down her cheeks.

Mandi looked in horror as she realized the man's body standing over her was
dripping with sweat and naked; his huge black cock standing straight upwards.

"I'm not so sure," he said calmly.  "That you didn't anticipate this.  Look at
the way you have covered your whore body; your cunt and nipples exposed.  I
think you knew that tonight you were going to experience everything that life
has.  What do you think?  Are you finally ready for me?"

"No.  No please; don't hurt me.  I'll do anything you want.  Please don't hurt
me," she pleaded.

He walked around her and out of sight again.  She began to feel tingling in her
clit; it felt warm and pleasant.  Then she felt the same tingling in her
nipples.

"Your body is giving you away," she heard him saying.  "You're nipples are hard
and thick. Like two red thimbles begging to be bitten off".

"Oh God.  I can't help it.  Whatever he is doing feels so good.  I don't want to
become aroused but I can't stop myself," she whimpered silently to herself.

This time when he came out from behind her he was  holding a long steel rod in
his hand.  "Let's see what your sweet cunt looks like tonight," he said as he
pushing her panties open and forced his fingers into her.

"Your whore's cunt is dripping like a bitch in heat." He laughed loudly.  "That
will make it so much easier."

"What are you doing to me?  Please stop.  Please stop," Mandy begged as she
watched him lower the rod between her legs.

"Oh no, oh God" Mandi thought.  "It's vibrating and makes my pussy feel so
tingly.  My pussy is twitching like crazy.  What is he doing to me?  What is he
doing to me?  Every muscle in my body is jumping like crazy."

He looked into her eyes as he pushed the probe deeper into her dripping cunt.  A
smile came over his face when he saw her jump in pain; he knew the probe was
entering her cervix.  He pushed it through the opening into her uterus.  He
pushed harder and it went into her another several inches.  Mandi began
screaming as the probe touched her overies,,"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGgg."

"The fun is just beginning" he laughed loudly.

"Please.  Oh God Please take that out of me.  It hurts so much.  It hurts so
much.  Please take it out.  Please, please."

He laughed as he walked behind her and she felt the tingling in her nipples
beginning to intensify. It felt like they were on fire as the pain shot down to
her clit and into her pussy.  It felt like her pussy was exploding from the
inside out as her body was jumping and bouncing uncontrollably.  The pain was
shooting from her nipples to her clit then deep into her pussy. She could feel
her ovaries vibrating inside her belly; it felt like she was being ripped in
half.  Then suddenly it stopped and she tried to get her breath.  Her pussy was
still twitching wildly and her nipples had become so sensitive that the cool air
felt like sharp needles.

"Now, we are going to make you feel even better," he laughed almost
hysterically.

"No, Please, No more, Please, Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo" she screamed.

She felt pain ripping across her face again as his huge black hand slapped her
mercilessly.

"Master!  You will call me Master.  Do you understand slut?"  He screamed into
her face.

Mandi looked up at him with tears pouring down her cheeks.  "Yes Master" she
stuttered in complete obedience.

Without warning he pulled the probe from her pussy and thrust it into her
unsuspecting ass. Mandi moaned as if possessed by a demon and arched her back
into the air. At the same time he pushed several fingers into her gaping cunt.

"You are wetter than before," he chuckled. "You really want this ; don't you."

"Oh God!  He's doing it to me again; I can't stop myself.  My body is on fire
with passion; I want him inside me so badly.  All I can think of is his giant
black cock filling my pussy.  What is wrong with me; he is talking about killing
me and all I can think of is my lustful pussy swallowing his mass.  Oh God, oh
God, I can't believe what is happening to me."

"You want it don't you bitch?  You want me to fuck your whore cunt don't you?" 
He said as his fingers probed into the depths of her body.  "Beg me!  Beg me to
fuck you!  Beg me you fucking bitch!"

"I can't,I can't. I must not speak.  I can't act like an obedient dog begging my
Master to abuse me.  No; No; I won't do it.  I won't.  I won't."  She prayed to
herself.

"Please Master.  Please fuck me,"  the words bursting from her mouth.  "Please
fill me Master.  Please, I must have you inside me. Do with me as you wish
"Master", I'm yours".

"First things first my lovely slut.  First things first," he said.

He lifted a syringe off the table and placed it between her legs. She could feel
the sharp needle pushing it into her vulva and  screamed as the fluid burned
into her swollen cunt.  Almost instantly she began feeling light-headed and her
pussy felt like it was growing in size.  It felt like it was a huge gaping hole
needing so desperately to be filled by her "Masters" manhood..  All she could
think of was having him inside of her.  She wanted him so badly that nothing
else mattered .


"Please Master, please fuck me," She began to plead.

"Are you my cunt now?"  He asked.

"Yes Master.  I'm yours," she answered.

"And I can do anything I want with you," he asked.

"Yes Master, Anything, Anything, anything," she begged.

  He pushed the rod deeper into her ass until just the wire was left sticking
out.  She heard humming sounds and felt the tingling throughout her body again. 
It felt like she was being lifted into the air by thousands of tiny fingers.

"Now it is time for you to beg me; if you want me you must beg," she heard him
saying.

"Please Master.  I can't take anymore.  I have to have you or I will die.  I'm
on fire.  Please, Please, Please fuck me."

Mandi felt the head of is cock  split her lips.  She tried to spread her legs
wider to except him; lifting her hips up to him.  Never before had she felt such
sensations.  It was like every nerve in her body was raw.  She felt his huge
black cock filling her and had to force herself to breathe.  The electric jolts 
increased in strength and were shooting throughout her body. It felt like her
Master was thrusting his massive cock into her like a wild stallion.  The
pressure was building to a level she had never known possible.

"Mandi, Mandi," she heard him calling to her.

She opened her eyes to see he had a knife in his hands.  She watched as he began
using it to rip the remaining clothes from her body. She lifted herself up to
him and could feel its edge cutting into her flesh.  But none of that mattered
to her; all she could think of was his manhood thrusting into her harder and
harder.  The sharp jolts of pain from the blade were steadily increasing.  She
knew that he was cutting into her but it only seemed to add to her pleasure. 
She knew that her body was about to explode; every muscle in her body was
screaming for release.  It felt like she was ripping apart as the pain rushed
into her cunt.  She was in a different dimension; there was no reality; only her
"Master" was real.  She heard his voice calling to her again and opened her eyes
to see him holding the knife over his head; its long gleaming blade pointing
down to her.  She knew what he was going to do.  She knew what her ultimate
experience was going to be as she closed her eyes and lifted her chest up to
him.  Her body began exploding in orgasm; it ripped through her lungs.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAHH
HHHHHHGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAA" she screamed and screamed. She was screaming as
never before.  Her entire body was screaming.  Each convulsion of her orgasm
seemed to be tearing another part from her body.  She felt the knife rushing
into her breast and her heart stop beating.

"No!!!!!! No!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Nooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!"      She began to
scream.  "I don't want to die.  Please God
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!"

She was falling through the air.  She felt herself hitting the floor with a hard
thump.  She could still hear the humming of his torture machine.  Her nipples
felt like they were in a vice; her clit was ripped from her body.  She looked
down towards her nipples; there were two large yellow clothespins clamped onto
them.  She released her aching nipples from their grip.  Then her hand went
quickly between her legs only to find another clothespin biting into her
screaming clit.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE " she screamed as she pried it from
her swollen cunt.  She jumped to her feet; still having no idea what was
happening or where she was.  Her heart was pounding so hard it felt like it
would break her ribs.  Her breathing was in short gasps and she was covered in
sweat. She trembled as she put a hand to her chest to feel where the knife had
gone in; there was no wound.  She could hear the humming of his torture machine
as she looked towards the sound.  Her vibrator laid humming peacefully on her
bed.  She was in her bedroom.  She looked at the clock; only an hour had passed
since she had been reading the letters.  The letters and the clothespins were
sewn all over her bed.

"A Nightmare!  It was a Nightmare!"  She gasped in a weak voice.  "I'm all
right.  It didn't happen."

She looked down at the pile of letters and began to throw them off her bed one
at a time.

"There is no red letter!  There is no red letter!"  She said as she dropped from
exhaustion onto her bed.

Her breathing was starting to slow and return to normal as she lay staring up at
the ceiling.

"It seemed so real.  I really thought I was being raped and murdered.  Thank God
it was only a dream," she thought to herself.

Then a devilish smile began to spread across her face.

"But what a story it would make.  I have to share this experience.  I have to
tell this story."

She sat down at her computer turning it on.  She began to type_   ___ 
____-"Amanda's Nigh__   ___  ______   _______Now wait a minute, that's another
story.  Isn't it?  HE   He .



          I hope you have enjoyed my little tale.  If you have and want to let
me know I would love to hear from you.
                                                        Angel girl
                                                    can-angel@canada.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Angelgirl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





