BDSM Library - Story Of My Teasing-SELF-denial




Story Of My Teasing-SELF-denial
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Left teetering on the edge of orgasm by the hands of a Domme whom only i know the full extent of her cruelty... taken to the brink of cumming in sweet release indefinitely and left there waiting, writihing, begging.... and even then the denail of myself continues...leaving me helpless to MY OWN sadistic teasing...
Story Of My Teasing-SELF-denial

I massage my breasts, being sweet and gentle with them.  I get them so hard they
hurt.  I pull them up as close to my mouth as possible and lick as close to my
nipples as I can.  I run one hand down to my thighs and rub the inside of them
but don't touch my pussy.

G-d how I need to touch my pussy..... So close my fingertips are..... So intense
my need...

I grab my nipples through my shirt and squeeze.  Then I start to twist them...
squeezing harder and harder, twisting more and more.  I squeeze harder still on
my nipples and twist them as far as I can.  Without, touching with my hands, I
grind my pussy into the hard wood of my chair and run my hands down to rub the
inside of my thighs, but don't touch my pussy - it's an endless tease to my
dripping cunt.

I squeeze my nipples almost until I can't take anymore and twist them, playing
with my breasts some more.  It hurts, but it feels so good... It makes me desire
to play with them and caress them, to be sweet with them.

I move my hands down to my ribcage and stomach, rubbing and caressing there.  My
cold hands are sending chills through my body and my touch is sending chills to
my pussy as I move my hands to my thighs but still deny touch to my pussy.

I grab my nipples and pull them as far away from my body as possible and then
slowly let them back closer.  Then I do it again, except when I get as far as I
can, I just let go and let them spring back themselves.  I twist them each as
far as I can, using two hands on each.  I am squeezing them as hard as I can
between my finger nails, pinching the nipples between my nails....hard.  I pull
my hands back and slap my breasts, playfully at first.

Finally, I gaze down my body and trail my fingers teasingly over my pussy, pink
and folded, with sweet juices dripping from it -- framed in black curls...

I suck on my fingers, getting them nice and wet and then run them along my clit
in small, hard circles - -getting bigger and stronger............ and
continuing, running my fingers along my slit, wetting my clit with my juices --
then I bring them to my mouth, tasting myself........and continuing again......

I love to be dominated.... One of my fantasies is that someone will control me
so completely -- and keep me on the very verge of orgasm for what seems like
hours......... begging and pleading and loving it..........and then, finally,
sucking on my clit and bring me over the edge.....

But this time it is my own fingers that tease and please.  My own self-torture
delays and denies my pleasure.  My own nimble ministrations bring sweet release
to my body.  I artfully bring myself to the edge, taking myself to my limits...
and surpassing them, again and again and again, as I send my body forward over
the edge to the body-rocking climactic moment my insides craved eternally.

Pleasure emanates from my very core as, finally, that long awaited release is
about to be granted... OR, IS IT...?     *evil, knowing grin*




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  icechic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





