BDSM Library - Chastity Debauched - One: Debauched In The Woods




Chastity Debauched - One: Debauched In The Woods
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In which sweet and very innocent Chastity loses her chastity...
Chastity Debauched - One
In the Woods.
 - In which sweet, innocent Chastity loses her chastity.

By Morgan Hawke
For Bear



"Why did I let Molly talk me into skipping school to party with some boys in the
park?" Chastity sighed in boredom. Ruefully, she looked into her plastic cup and
frowned into the flat beer. Shaded by the tree overhead from the hot sun, she
brushed a long lock of her strawberry blonde hair behind her ear as she sat on
the warped picnic table alone. She tugged nervously at the short hem of her
faded denim skirt, as she looked around. The way too short mini-skirt and the
far too tight, pale pink, baby-tee shirt with PRINCESS scrawled in silver
glitter centered across her chest, had also been Molly's idea.

"Watching people get drunk and act stupid is supposed to be fun?" Chastity
muttered, biting her plump lower lip. The party was in full raucous sway at the
very far corner of a field on the edge of the miles-deep, woods. There were a
dozen or so other guys hovering by the beer keg under the trees getting
plastered. At least three guys were lying in the grass already passed out. The
rest of the guys jumped around, drinking beer, and shouting to the techno music
throbbing from a boom box.

I don't remember seeing any of these boys in my classes, she thought, eyeing the
noisy bunch of guys in the broad grassy field around her. They all look like
older college guys to me. Then she noticed something missing.

Hey, wait... Are we the only two girls here? Molly stood laughing by a small
group of guys with a teasing wink of her blue eyes, tossing her fashionably
short black hair. A fresh refill of beer foamed in the plastic cup in her hand.
Not one other girl was anywhere in sight.

The glittering SLUT on Molly's scarlet baby tee shirt flashed as her breasts
bounced with her laughter, the letters stretched blatantly across her more than
ample bosom. The shirt had already climbed well above her navel, showing off her
tanned tummy. Chastity watched as the hem on Molly's black mini skirt rose
higher up her long tan thighs as she paraded teasingly around with her lengthy,
swaying stride in her clunky high heels.

If that skirt goes up much higher, the boys won't have to wonder if she's
wearing panties or not, thought Chastity. They already know she isn't wearing a
bra, just from all the jiggling.

Oh, my God, Chastity thought, we are the only girls here. She watched as two
other vans arrived with more guys but still no other girls came to the party.
Nervously, Chastity clamped her knees together and hoped that the boys, who had
brought both her and Molly here in their van, wouldn't get so drunk that they
passed out. Chastity wanted to go home before dark desperately.

"What have we here?" someone asked almost directly behind her. Chastity whipped
around then grabbed for her wayward hemline and blinked in astonishment.

A boy leaned against the tree behind her table; his black eyes were sharp with
calculation and his sensual lips curved in a smile that was closer to a sneer. A
light breeze brushed his thick, straight black hair across his broad brow with
long inky tendrils sweeping unbound past his trim muscular shoulders.

He is so gorgeous! she thought in surprise. Well-defined arms crossed over his
broad chest as he straightened up. The sleeveless black athletic shirt strained
against taught stomach muscles shifting under the snug material.

"Like what you see?" he asked in a voice too deep for his youthful looks and a
sardonic lift of his brow. Chastity couldn't help but continue to stare as her
gaze took in his narrow hips then traveled down the line of his thighs incased
in tight black jeans. She licked her suddenly dry lips. Something warm and
interesting uncurled from her belly. Chastity's eyes snapped back up to his.
Unconsciously, she tugged on her skirt and locked her suddenly trembling knees
together.

"Princess, huh?" he commented, reading her tee shirt. "Might as well say:
Virgin." He chuckled softly. "Hey, want a piece of candy, little girl?"

"Who're you?" she asked in a nervous whisper. He was obviously older and very
cute but he made her feel a little anxious and strangely excited. Guys like him
never noticed girls like her in school. She watched as his dark gaze traveled
from the top of her long strawberry blond hair, to her mouth then down over her
breasts as they strained against her too snug shirt and further down to where
her skirt stopped at the very top of her pale exposed thighs.

"I'm Rob, also know as The Big Bad Wolf, to little girls like you." He grinned,
flashing even white teeth. "And you?"

"I'm Chastity."

"No shit?" He laughed briefly. "Really?"

"Really." She frowned at him.

"Hey, Chastity is a nice name," he said raising his hands in surrender. "A
little old fashioned, but nice." He eyed her and sipped his beer. "I was just
surprised." He smiled warmly. "Suits you."

"Thanks," she said doubtfully. "And I'm not a little girl."

"No, 'little' is not really a word I would use to describe you," he said as he
stared pointedly at her breasts. She crossed her arms and stared back defiantly,
painfully aware that her nipples had peaked with his interest and were clearly
visible through the taut material.

"Not feeling too social?" he asked with a sharp grin.

"Huh?"

"You're sittin' way over here and not drinkin' your beer." He raised his
half-full plastic cup in a salute then gulped his drink down. He wiped his mouth
with the back of his hand then nodded at her.

Chastity eyed her flat beer. "This stuff tastes nasty," she said with a twist of
her lips.

"It's beer. It's supposed to taste like pig piss," he smiled.

"Then why does anybody drink it?"

"God, you are an innocent." He rolled his dark eyes and made a face. "They drink
it for the effect. It's to make you feel comfortable and relaxed." He approached
the table then gently pushed her cup to her lips. "Drink it," he coaxed.

"I don't want to," she said, turning away.

"Don't be an anti-social little prig," he snapped. "Drink your beer like the
rest of us." To her surprise, she raised her cup and took a sip. "Don't play
with it, take a real drink, like an adult," he growled.

Chastity raised her cup again. Holding her breath against the smell, she
defiantly took a healthy swallow then promptly coughed from the alcohol burn.

"God, that is nasty!" she said with a look of disgust.

"Quick, take another drink, I promise, it won't be so bad this time."

Chastity took another healthy swig. He was right. The beer didn't taste quite as
bad. She still made a face, but she didn't cough. Shivers raced up her spine as
the alcohol in the beer slammed into her empty stomach and the fumes slid up
into her head. Damn, I knew I should have eaten lunch, she thought briefly.

"Now, how do you feel?" he asked as he leaned forward. "A little more relaxed?"

"Yeah, I guess, and the taste wasn't so bad that time."

"Good, I have a question for you, sweet little Princess Chastity. Just out of
curiosity, you're dressed like your looking for action, but your makin' like you
don't know what your doin'. Have you even been kissed before?"

"Um..." No, she hadn't. Chastity licked her dry lips and felt a cold chill as he
stared at her suspiciously. God, she didn't want this gorgeous guy to walk away
in disgust, but...

"And I don't mean a peck on the cheek, I mean kissed. As in: open mouth, insert
tongue, really kissed."

"None of your business," she said and felt heat flush her cheeks in
embarrassment.

"I take that as a definite 'no'." He smiled and chuckled. "So what are you doin'
here, little Miss Innocence?" Rob climbed up on the picnic table beside her,
then sat with his knee pressed against hers. "You a high-school freshman
skippin' school?"

"I'm a senior," she frowned. "And I'm here with my friend Molly." She looked at
his denim-clad knee rubbing against her bare skin and felt an interesting warmth
race up her spine. "She likes these kinds of parties and gets invited lots. I'm
not as pretty or popular as she is so, I don't get asked."

"God, you are so naive!" Rob said, choking down a laugh. "Let me tell you, what
she looks like, has nothin' to do with that girl's popularity." The shock on
Chastity's face reflected in his eyes. "Look," he added patiently, "you're
obviously not the kind of girl who puts-out, little Miss
Never-Been-Really-Kissed-Before. Your 'not' bein' asked to parties with this
crowd, has more to do with the fact that she does, and you don't."

"Puts out?" Chastity repeated, stunned.

"Yeah, as in fucks anything that moves. According to what I heard: the more, the
merrier. Look," said Rob, jerking a thumb over his shoulder. "She's already
started on this bunch."

Chastity whipped around to look. Molly had her back to the woods and was kissing
a shirtless, muscular blonde guy while his equally shirtless buddy was down on
his knees in front of her. Chastity leaned over to get a better look. The guy
kissing Molly looked like his hands were under her shirt. To her surprise,
Chastity watched the kneeling guy's hands slide under Molly's skirt pushing it
up to her waist to grab her butt.

Nope. I guess she isn't wearing panties, thought Chastity, both repelled and
fascinated. The kneeling guy shoved Molly's legs wider and appeared to be
kissing, no wait, sucking on Molly's privates. The wet slurping noises and
Molly's moans carried over to the picnic table.

"I didn't know," she said softly. "I've never seen her do that, before." Molly's
shirt was up over her breasts and two guys were sucking on them and pulling on
their jeans. The third guy was still busy under her skirt. She had him by the
hair and was rocking against his face. Several other guys noticed the show and
started walking closer, motioning to their buddies. In moments it was impossible
to see what was happening through the crowd of guys.

"Then you must'a left all the parties early. Like, right before the real show
started. Speaking of shows," he said, taking Chastity's hand. "Come on. If she's
the girl I've been hearing about, you're probably not ready to see the rest." He
climbed off of the picnic table and tugged on her hand. "There a spot back
behind those trees where we can sit and not have to watch."

"Look, if she's in trouble, I have to get her out of here." She hopped off the
picnic table and suddenly swayed off balance. "Whoa..."

"It's all right, I got you," Rob chuckled as she fell into him. "Probably just
the beer." His strong arm went around her waist and held her upright against his
tight body. Her fingers lingered on the strong planes of his muscled belly as
she hung on.  His skin was so warm and he smelled wonderfully of sun, clean tee
shirt and warm skin. Reluctantly, she let go to stand by herself.

"Don't worry about your friend. Do you hear her screaming or crying over there?
From what I understand, she does this pretty often and won't thank you for
interrupting while she's having a little fun. Let's let her have her fun but you
may want to get out'ta sight." He took her small hand engulfing it in his large
one and led her toward the trees.

"Huh? Get out'ta sight? Me?"

"In case you haven't noticed, there's only one girl to that whole pack of guys.
There's definitely not near enough pussy to go around and they're drunk. If they
see you, they may not take 'no' for an answer, Little Miss
Never-Been-Kissed-Before."

But?" She worriedly turned back toward the scene in the park; she really hated
abandoning her friend to all those drunken guys.

"Hey," he hissed in her ear, tugging her hand. "I'm trying to hide you for your
own good. Do you really want to be gang-banged by twenty-odd guys? Trust me, if
they find you, you won't have a hole that doesn't have a dick in it and all at
the same time for at least an hour."

"I guess your right," she said with a cold chill of fear. He tugged on her hand
and she let him tow her into the trees and onto a dirt path. She stepped over
branches and was suddenly glad that she has worn her pink sneakers instead of
the high heels Molly had suggested. He led her back into the trees to a fallen
tree trunk behind some bushes that hid the view in the park.

"This ought to do it," he said, patting the trunk where the rough bark had worn
away. "If they come looking for you, I can get you out of the park from here,
without being seen. Have a seat."

"I suppose I should thank you for thinking of me," she said softly. "For saving
me." She sat and tugged at her skirt as it rode up, barely hiding her panties.
He sat next to her, warm thigh, to warm thigh.

"Yeah, I suppose you should," he said with a feral grin. "Don't worry, it's not
as if I actually did anything. Besides, none of that crowd would be able to
appreciate you." He touched her lips with a fingertip. "Not like I do," he
added, licking his sensual lips. "Anyway, back to my question. So, you've never
been really kissed?"

"No, not really," she said and looked down. Chastity could feel the blush
creeping up to warm her cheeks.

"That's okay," he said softly. "Would you like to be really kissed?" He took her
chin with his fingertips and gently turned her to face him. "May I kiss you?"

Chastity didn't know what to say. He was really handsome and older, and not like
any of the guys in school. It would be nice to be kissed by someone with
experience, someone that wasn't a fumbling boy. Her eyes focused on his sensual
mouth and she nodded slightly.

He leaned closer then brushed his lips across hers. The touch was gentle and
soft. He looked at her then brushed his lips against hers again, a little more
firmly, a caress. She closed her eyes as her body thrilled in sudden excitement.
She could smell soap, his light after-shave and something else, utterly male and
uniquely him. Gently he nibbled on her full bottom lip with his strong teeth and
she parted her lips for more. His tongue brushed her slightly open lips softly
then flicked within. He pulled away.

"Did that feel good?" he asked, his voice dark and husky.

"Yes," she whispered then opened her eyes to look at him. He looked at her with
interest and a small tight smile on his lips. She could see the pulse beating in
his throat.

"Good," his voice deepened to a sensual growl. "Now open your mouth a little
wider, I want to taste you." Chastity blinked, and then licked her lips. He
leaned in and cradled her face between his palms. His hands were slightly
callused and the roughness felt wonderful on her cheeks. He pressed his lips
lightly on hers then touched her lips with his damp tongue. Chastity opened her
mouth.

His tongue swept in to brush hers, strong and very warm. She tasted the beer he
had been drinking and something else that was musky and thrilling. A streak of
interest flared from her mouth, to her nipples and arrowed down to her crotch.
Carefully, he cupped one large hand behind her head; his fingers tangling in her
long hair and placed his other muscular arm gently around her shoulders then
pulled her a little closer. She put her hands on his powerful shoulders and
curled her fingers into his long silky hair.

He explored her mouth thoroughly, stroking her tongue repeatedly with his;
encouraging her to stroke back. She followed his tongue back into his mouth, and
he moaned as she investigated his mouth. She took a deep breath and he captured
her tongue with his lips then sucked on it, surprising her. He pulled away and a
string of saliva arched between them for a long moment. She licked her lips.

"Very nice," he sighed with a grin. "Now let me show you how pretty I think you
are." He took her small hand and pressed it against the seam of his jeans. Using
the full length of his strong hand over hers, he pressed her palm against the
heavy bulge in his jeans, using her hand to caress the full rigid length.
Chastity gulped in astonishment, but didn't think to pull away. She could feel
the swollen warmth of him through the denim.

"Can you feel how hard I am?" he whispered. "Can you feel how much I want you?"

She swallowed and nodded in answer, too stunned and fascinated to speak. He was
big, really big, and very hard. The flesh hidden by the denim seemed to shift
under her fingers. She curled her fingers, defining his shape and size. She
traced the long length until she came to the leather of his belt and she knew if
she continued that she would feel the blunt end of him over top of the waistband
and under his shirt, pressed against his hard belly, reaching almost to his
navel.

It was frightening and thrilling to know that she had aroused him in that way.
She felt a bolt of delicious, excited heat streak straight down her spine to the
pit of her belly then lower. She could feel her hidden sex, swelling, opening,
and hungry. Moisture suddenly slithered and dampened her panties.

Rob turned suddenly, taking her lips in a hard devouring kiss, and pulled her
against his broad chest. The hand cupping the back of her head fisted in her
hair, holding her mouth against his. His mouth slanted against her mouth for a
better fit and his tongue delved, ruthlessly deepening the kiss, encouraging her
to taste him as he tasted her. A warm intoxicated feeling washed through her
entire body and she kissed him back thoughtlessly, reveling in the heady
sensations of kissing.

With his kiss, he slowly pushed her down until her back pressed full length
along the top of the tree trunk, his broad lean body pinning her smaller, softer
form with her long hair and his spilling down the side. The heat from his body
drew an answering heat from hers and she flushed with a desire for a closer,
more intimate contact. She felt his hand on her ankle, maneuvering her leg over
to the other side of the trunk, spreading her open, and she didn't care.

God, I never felt this way before, she thought. He tastes so good, he smells so
good, and he feels so good... She felt her skirt ride up, with only the cotton
of her panties between her butt and the smooth wood. He shifted his body until
he lay cradled by her hips, his solid masculine heat against the thin protection
of her cotton panties with her palm trapped between them.

He broke the kiss and looked down at her. His eyes were narrowed with
concentration and urgency. His hands crept to her neck, the thumbs rubbing
lightly on the pulses he found there, then slid down to grip her shoulders. He
pulled, arching his back and moving his hips, rubbing his rigid length along her
trapped palm, atop her own hungry hidden need.

"Does this still feel good?" he asked softly. Then he moved again.

Chastity moaned with the luscious sensations he evoked then shifted her hips
against him, feeling a dizzying, pleasure uncurling from her groin. Her eyes
fluttered closed with a sigh and she lifted her hips, pressing her soft
vulnerable core against the back of her hand and her palm against his trapped
erection. A powerful appetite was growing and coiled ravenously in her. She had
masturbated alone in her bed every now and again, touching and stroking her
tender clit and pulling on her nipples to gratifying climax, but the shuddering
power of this strange aching urgency had never been there before.

"That's my little girl," he purred. His mouth captured hers then his lips moved
to her throat, creating more delicious shivers with his tongue and his teeth.
She felt him shift slightly then felt his hand drop to sharply pull her tee
shirt from her waistband.

"What? What are you doing?" She moved to stop him but one of her hands was
trapped between his thighs and he shifted his shoulders to block the other, she
was unable to wriggle her free palm between them.

"Just relax, I'm making you feel good," he whispered hoarsely. He slid his
fingers under her shirt, brushing against her belly "Aren't I?" he insisted. His
eyes were hot and he licked his lips watching her closely. She bit her lip and
nodded. She felt cool air on her skin as he tugged the shirt higher then felt
him shove her bra up exposing one full breast. The breeze brushed her bared skin
and she gasped softly as she felt her nipple peak sharply.

"God, you are so hot," he sighed. She felt his groan then groaned herself as
warm wet heat engulfed the exposed nipple. He devoured her breast, sucking
gently then not so gently, nipping and tugging at her nipple then sucking and
flicking with his tongue. Her mouth opened and she moaned as bolts of delicious
delight raced straight down to her clit. He pulled on her nipple with his teeth
and she writhed under him, curling the fingers of one hand into his long dark
hair. As his mouth took complete possession of her breast, he shifted and
released her trapped hand. Without thinking, she dug her fingers into his taut
ass.

She felt his ass muscles flex under her palm as he settled against her, crotch
to crotch. He pressed in, grinding the seam of his trapped heat directly against
her vulnerable clit, protected only by a thin layer of cotton. She shuddered
from the explosive and consuming excitement that clawed at her unmercifully. He
shifted one leg slightly off of hers and she felt his palm on her thigh, tugging
her skirt higher. She shifted to stop him, but the pleasure his mouth and the
seam of his jeans on her excited clit was delivering made it so difficult to
move. Then another more basic need began to intrude.

"Um I have to get up," she said wriggling and pushing at his shoulder, trying to
sit up. "I have to get up right now," she insisted. His mouth released her
nipple with a wet smack.

"Get up? What?"

"No really, I have to pee," she said then promptly blushed. He looked at her a
moment, then a strange feral grin came over him.

"Hmm, now that you mention it, I have to pee too." He abruptly sat up then
helped her pull her shirt down and straighten up. "Well, you know what they say
about beer: it doesn't even stop to change color." She smiled shyly as he took
her hand and tugged her deeper into the trees.

"Here's a perfectly good bush," he commented then unbuttoned his jeans and
pulled down his fly. Chastity started to walk off to find her own spot, but he
grabbed her hand.

"Hey, where're you goin'?"

"To pee," she said then averted his eyes as he started to pull his dick out.

"Do it here." He sighed and she heard the sound of water hitting leaves. She
tugged at her hand, but he held tight. "What's the matter? Never seen a dick
before either?"

"Um, no."

"Here, it's not so bad." He tugged her hand and suddenly he wrapped her palm
around his dick. She was so surprised she looked. Piss still sprayed from him in
a golden stream to spatter on the leaves. His skin was amazingly soft and warm.
The flared cap on the end was slightly purple with the shaft somewhat thick and
long with heavy blue veins tracing its length. She could feel the liquid moving
through it.

"See? Just a dick. You already hand your hand on it, just through my jeans. Not
so bad is it?" She shook her head. "Well that does it for me," he groaned as he
stopped peeing. He brushed her palm away then shook. He tucked himself away, but
didn't close his jeans. "Now it's your turn."

"My turn?"

"Yeah. You still have to pee don't you?" She nodded, and then turned away. "No
don't go over there, do it right here." Chastity froze in fright. "It's only
fair. You got to see me so I get to see you."

"Um, I don't know if I can..."

"Sure you can. It's just peeing." His tone was reasonable, but the smile he wore
made Chastity worried. "Besides, I wan'na keep an eye on you so you don't get
ambushed by a couple of those bozos out there doing your friend." Fear of
getting grabbed made Chastity look around and bite her lip. She really had to
pee. If she didn't soon, she was going to pee right there in her panties.

"Look, if it'll make you feel better, I got sisters, so I've seen girls pee
before," he said, casually leaning against a tree. "It's no big deal," he added,
but the look in his eyes made Chastity think he wanted to see her pee pretty
badly. The urge to pee suddenly became really insistent.

"Um, okay." She hunched down a little and started struggling with her short
skirt and her panties.

"You're gon'na want to take your panties all the way off or you'll just pee on
them and yourself," he offered. The need for relief was so strong she didn't
think to argue, but pulled her panties off, fisted them in her hand and squatted
down. "Spread your knees a lot wider and pull that skirt up or you're gonna pee
on it."

Her feet wide apart and her skirt up at her waist, she balanced then closed her
eyes and let go. The sound of water hissing on the leaves and the feeling of
release was so good, Chastity moaned.

"That's my girl." She opened her eyes to see that Rob had squatted right in
front of her, watching the scalding liquid spraying from her body. "See? Not so
bad, just peeing." She choked in self-consciousness, but couldn't stop her body
from relieving itself before his heated eyes. After an eternity under his hot
stare, the flow of water stopped and she reached for a fallen leaf to use as
toilet paper.

"Here, let me." He pulled a yellow napkin from his pocket. "What? It's just a
napkin from a burger joint, it's not going to bite you." She snatched at it but
he pulled it from her reach. "No. I want to do it."

"No really," she protested, shaking her head, struggling to stand up and pull
her skirt down. "I can take care of myself."  His hand clamped down hard on her
shoulder, his fingers digging in, holding her in place. She grabbed his hand and
tried to pull it off, but he was too strong to move.

"Don't be a baby, it's just a napkin," he growled. "Hold still." He gave her
shoulder a shake, knocking her off balance and she found herself holding onto
his muscular forearm to keep from falling.

"No don't..." She whimpered in fright and felt the napkin brush her thigh.
"Please, don't," she said and strangely a tear slid from her eye. She turned
away in mortification.

"Look at me," he snapped. He caught her eyes and held them with his narrowed
black gaze. The tears slid from her eyes, down her cheeks and dropped from her
chin onto his arm. He shifted closer and she flinched as his fingers and the
napkin brushed against her most private self. He pressed the harsh napkin
against the protruding outer lips of her sex then slowly rubbed up and down,
pushing deeper with his breath harsh in her ears. Tears silently dripped from
her cheeks.

"There, all done," he said, balling up the napkin and shoving it in a back
pocket. "Your tears are so sexy," he said softly then his lips touched the salty
trail on her cheek. With his fingertips, he brushed the rest of her tears away.
She looked at him in shock. "You can get up now." He offered to help her up but
she shoved his hand away.

"I told you: no!" she snapped. "Just what part of 'no' didn't you get?" Turning
her back, she tugged the skirt down, finally, then wiped at her eyes and went to
step into her panties.

"Don't bother putting those back on." She turned to look at him sharply. "Come
on let's go sit down," he continued, she turned back to put on her panties and
he grabbed her arm.

"Hey! Let go!" she tugged but his fingers were like clamps.

"I'll hold those for you," he said, snatching her panties from her hand and
shoving them in his back pocket. He grabbed her upper arm and was drawn back
over to the fallen log where he put his hands on her waist and lifted her back
onto her seat. She struggled to get out of his hands and off the log, but he was
just too strong.

"Hold still." Annoyance colored his face as he nudged between her knees,
towering over her and holding her in place with his hands gripping her waist.
"Quit bein' a baby. I didn't hurt you," he growled. "All I did was the same
thing your Mommy and Daddy did when you were little. What's the big deal?" She
turned her face away and crossed her arms. She couldn't cross her legs; he was
standing between them.

"Look, I'm sorry I scared you." He looked at her sarcastically then leaned close
with a sharp grin. "Little girl." Chastity leaned back away from him and looked
at him from under her lashes. He had scared her, but she really couldn't tell
why he intimidated her so much. He hadn't really done anything to hurt her, just
mortify her.

"C'mon, sweetheart," he said softly, coaxingly. "I said I was sorry. Gim'me a
kiss and tell me you're all better." She looked at the sharp masculine planes of
his smiling face, his dark eloquent eyes and his kissable lips. He really was
the most handsome man she had ever seen and he was protecting her by keeping her
out of sight of the drunken brutes in the field. She sighed in defeat then
impulsively leaned forward and kissed his cheek.

"All better now?" he said with a raised brow to match his smile. She nodded.
"Good, then gim'me a real kiss..." His fingers touched her chin; lifting her
face to his then his lips touched hers, lightly, then more aggressively. She
opened her mouth and his tongue swept in. He angled his mouth to cover hers and
she felt his hand on the back of her head, holding her into his heated kiss. He
moaned into her mouth and she unthinkingly answered him.

He pulled her against him; hard chest to soft breast and her arms went around
his neck to keep from falling. She felt his hand skim under her shirt against
her stomach and jerked back. There was a low rumbling growl in his chest as he
held her firmly pinned, mouth-to-mouth, against him. His warm palm slid up
against her soft skin then shoved her bra up to cover her breast with his large
hand. His fingers caught her nipple and tugged until it swelled and hardened.

He broke the kiss, and dipped his head to take her breast with his hungry wet
mouth. He sucked hard and she gasped then found herself pulling him closer. His
powerful arm wrapped around her shoulders, tipping her forward, her head still
cupped in his palm. She curled her fingers into his silky dark hair as a
passionate desire and urgency flared to life, making her tremble.

His other hand slid down and abruptly tugged at the hem of her skirt. She
reached down to grab his arm to stop him, but his elbow lifted to block her. She
grabbed his upper arm and felt the hard muscles moving under her fingers. She
pulled back, breaking the kiss but he fisted his hand in her hair, arching her
throat back to hold her still against him. She made a soft sound in protest

"Take it easy, I'm not going to hurt you," he said softly. "I just want to see
how much you want me." He was breathing hard in her ear. She felt his fingers
inching upwards on the soft skin of her inner thigh. His muscular thighs held
her legs open to his invasion. She shifted apprehensively, held firmly by the
hold on her hair then jolted as his fingers found her vulnerable wet core.

"God, your pussy is so wet," he murmured. "Your juice is running down your
thighs." He stroked his fingers up the plump lips and brushed her feminine
curls. His thumb briefly touched her swollen clit and she moaned. It felt so
good and yet, she had never been so frightened in her life.

"You must want me pretty bad, little girl," he breathed, "You're soaking my
hand." He stroked his fingers down, parting the delicate folds to find her
opening. "Ah," he sighed then he slid his finger partway in. The soft tissue
contracted around his invading finger. "Jeez, you're tight too," he commented.
He slowly stroked his finger out, rubbing against her spongy, sensitive inner
flesh then stroked in, pressing deeply. She could feel him moving within her and
shifted with the strangeness.

"What have we here?" he said softly, then he pressed against something inside of
her and she choked from the sudden bolt of pleasure, her toes curling. He
pressed again within her. She jolted again and gasped. She shuddered with
mortified pleasure as he continued to finger her. A moan was surprised out of
her.

"Now, I know that feels good," he said softly. He chuckled and slid a second
finger into her snug passage, then curled them stroking against that one sweet
delicious spot. Without realizing it, she grabbed his shoulders and hooked her
legs around him, unconsciously pulling herself against his hand as passionate
desire took violent control of her body, wanting more of the exquisite delight
his fingers were delivering.

Her mind shut down to all thought but her overwhelming need. She felt lightning
race up her spine as he moved within her and she panted as she tugged on his
shoulders and squeezed with her thighs, working to rub herself against his hand.
Her hips twisted, grinding against his fingers. She made soft sounds as she felt
the urgency growing. He pulled his fingers partway out stroking against her then
thrust them stroking in. Then out, then in. while curling against that
delectable place inside, increasing in speed to match her frantic excited
movements.

"That's it, baby girl, fuck my hand," he said in her ear. "Fuck my hand and cum
on me." She moaned loudly, frustration building as her climax stayed just out of
reach. He shifted his fingers and suddenly he was touching her swollen clit. She
gasped and pulled herself up almost into his arms as orgasm suddenly started to
cascade through her in light waves growing more powerful with each stroke of his
fingers.

"Are you gon'na cum, little girl?" he asked hoarsely. "Are you gon'na cum all
over my hand?" Her cunt contracted powerfully on his fingers as they fucked her
and she froze, holding her breath, her back bowed powerfully as she yielded to
the orgasm ripping through her trembling body. She cried out with explosive
shuddering release then collapsed against him, his powerful thighs still cradled
between hers.

"Yes!" he hissed in quiet triumph.

"Oh, my God..." Chastity closed her eyes, leaning her head against his chest.
Her muscles shook with exhaustion as she panted for breath.

"My turn," she heard Rob whisper. She opened her eyes to see him pull his pants
down to his knees. His rigid and engorged cock lunged out and stood up angled
only slightly out from a forest of dark curls. His ball sack hung like ripe
plums as he widened his stance, spreading her legs further. The head of his cock
was a deep angry purple and the hard dark ivory shaft was knotted with swollen
veins. She did not remember his dick being that big.

"Jeezuz, your cum feels good on my dick," he sighed with a sharp grin. He showed
her his hand; his fingers shiny and heavily coated with her sticky essence then
he rubbed his hand over the head of his cock, smearing her juice on it
liberally. He licked the rest from his fingers, sucking the stickiness from his
hand. "Mmm, sweet," he breathed.

She barely had time to move when he locked one arm around her waist and pulled
her closer. She pushed against him struggling. "Please, you're too big," she
said in fright. "Please don't..." He grabbed both her wrists and forced them
behind her, trapping them with punishing strength.

"Don't worry, you'll stretch. Appetizer's over, baby girl." His smile was sharp
and hungry. "Time for the main course," he growled then covered her mouth with
his. She opened her mouth to protest and his tongue surged in. She felt the
fever of his rigid cock against the vulnerable softness of her cunt. She twisted
and pulled her mouth away.

"Wait," she gasped, struggling in his unforgiving hold. "I'm still a... a..."

"A virgin?" he chuckled. "Yeah, I know, I could tell when you were fucking my
fingers." He pulled her closer with the arm that held her wrists and she felt
him rubbing the head of his cock against the plump outer lips and the wetness of
her cunt.

"Please," she could feel the tears starting in her eyes. "Please don't," she
whimpered as he pressed, guiding the head deeper, between the tender folds,
seeking entrance.

"You got yours, I'm getting mine, little girl." He grunted with the effort of
holding her and pressing within. The head passed into her and he sighed as she
gasped, the tears trickling down her cheeks. "Don't worry, it'll all be over and
you'll be screaming out your next orgasm in just a bit." He tightened the hold
around her waist, pulling her to the edge of her seat, and then fisted his other
hand in her hair to hold her still. He thrust with a grunt and she gasped as he
slid further into her tight virginal core.

"Stop! Don't..." she moaned, shaking with fear, tears trembling in her eyes and
tumbling down her cheeks.

"You're so fucking tight," he hissed then shoved again, surging deeper into her
body, stretching her walls with his girth. She flinched as she felt him pressing
against the maidenhead of her virginity. He suddenly pulled up her shirt and
took her breast in his hand. His mouth covered her nipple with moist heat and he
sucked. The nipple came to painful erection and she felt her cunt shudder around
his cock, lodged halfway inside her. She moaned with the voluptuous sensation
and felt her depths open wider to his invasion.

"I thought you had one more orgasm in you," he muttered then shoved her shirt
and bra all the way up, exposing both her breasts. His mouth claimed the
fullness of her other breast and harshly sucked her nipple to peak. His mouth
ravaged her breasts with his teeth nipping at one nipple then the other. She
shook as unwanted passion began to blaze in her. She battled against the rising
tide of ecstasy but her body fought greedily to have it.

He shifted his hips, pulling slightly out then shoving back in a little harder.
Then she felt his fingers on her clit. They stroked lightly and she felt her
cunt jolt pleasurably around his cock in wanton hunger. A sudden rush of
moisture signaled her submission and slithered down her legs even as scalding
tears slid down her cheeks.

He pulled back, the head of his cock sliding almost completely out from the
lubrication of her juices then he shoved back in, hard and fast. She felt a
small tearing and cried out. He was in to the hilt and she could feel her inner
walls stretching to accommodate his size. Tears streamed down with her innocence
lost and she sobbed softly. And still her rapacious body hungered for more.

"It's all over baby girl," he said kissing her lips and her tears. "The worst is
over. Now comes the fun part." She hid her face against his bare shoulder,
wetting it with her tears and shifted against the uncomfortable fullness. He
pulled slightly out then slid back in to the hilt with a groan.

"This is not gon'na do," he grunted. Suddenly he lifted her from the log while
still lodged inside her and turning, knelt, and then laid her on the ground
covering her and holding her wrists above her head. "Much better," he groaned
then he drove deep. She whimpered with the thrust, as he surged further into her
body then before. His back flexed as he pulled out and then arched as he drove
himself slowly in. She suddenly felt a familiar urgency beginning to mount
voraciously within her, and oh God, she wanted it.

"Jeezuz, fuck," he swore as he stopped, his cock all the way in to the hilt.
"You're so tight, I feel like my dick's in a vise," he groaned. "I'm gon'na have
to take it easy or I'm gon'na blow right now." He slid his hand between their
joined bodies and she felt him lightly touching her clit.

"God!" She gasped and writhed as a flash of fierce delight shook her. He covered
his fingers in her moisture and continued to lightly flick at her clit jolting
her with voluptuous pleasure with each stroke. She moved under him, pinned by
heaviness of his cock, but her avid need for release brutally surmounted her
discomfort.

She moaned and her hips shoved and twisted demandingly at the unmoving fullness,
seeking the luscious friction of his fingers and his swollen shaft. He arched
and slid within her and while his size was still stretching her body, she
suddenly felt him moving against that glorious inner place. She gasped and moved
with him, seeking the delicious pleasure her body knew was in reach.

"That's my girl," he sighed. "Now you got it, now you know what you want." He
released her wrists and arched above her, holding himself up on his hands. She
grabbed at his shoulders, bucking to meet his slow thrusts. "That's it, baby
girl, fuck me back," he said and grunted with his efforts. She could feel her
climax starting to curl agonizingly slowly up her spine in delicate and
sumptuous waves. She hooked her legs around his to urge him faster. He obliged,
increasing his thrusts in speed and depth to match her quickening pace.

The sound of wet flesh against wet flesh and groans filled her ears as he fucked
her, slamming hard into her cunt, fucking him back as violently as her body
would allow as she panted toward shimmering orgasm. Wild urgency flooded her
body in increasingly powerful waves as she writhed under him, thrusting back at
him in frenzy, seeking that glorious fulfillment he had delivered before. She
moaned and whimpered in her need, her hands clawed at his back, marking him in
her passion.

"Oh God!" he grunted, "Oh, God, baby girl, I'm gon'na cum," he said. A shivering
bolt raced up her spine and she felt herself teeter on the edge with his excited
words. "Cum on my dick, baby," he grunted. "Cum on my dick, so I can fill your
cunt with mine."

She arched and froze, mouth open on a wordless scream as orgasm gathered and
slammed hard, violently washing over her in a tidal wave of exquisite ecstasy.
She felt the walls of her cunt vibrate and squeeze around his cock as orgasm
ripped through her in a heavy torrent of splendor. She screamed.

"I'm cumming, baby, I'm cumming right now!" he shouted and thrust hard into her,
pulled out then thrust hard again to the hilt. She felt his cock flex within her
as he filled her with his cum and a second surge of pleasure suddenly shook her.
He thrust once more and her moans joined his as he collapsed on top of her, his
shirt damp with sweat against her naked breasts.

"Damn, that was good," he sighed then sat up. She turned to roll over and he
stopped her, grabbing her ankles. "Hold still and open your legs, I wan'na see
my cum sliding out of your cunt."

"That's disgusting!" She tried to fight him but she was too exhausted. He pulled
her legs open and sighed.

"Now that is a lovely view. Your cunt is all red and swollen like a flower, and
covered in ropes of my cum."

"Asshole," she spat.

"Now, that's not nice thing to say." He grabbed her leg and expertly flipped her
over on her stomach. His hand landed on her ass cheek with a loud crack. She
yelped in surprise. He flipped her back over then stood up to pull up his pants.

"Come on, I'll take you home," he said as he buckled his jeans. She looked at
him in astonishment. After what he just did to me? Her thoughts boiled
furiously. He actually expects me to get in a car with him? As if!

"Thanks, but I have a ride," she said coldly. She got to her feet, brushed
leaves and dirt from herself then pulled her shirt and skirt down. Chastity
turned her back on him and wiped more tears from her eyes. How could he do that?
How could he just take my virginity? She moved away toward the park, and he
grabbed her arm. She tried to shrug out of his grip but she was just too tired
to fight.

"My car is this way." Rob tugged her toward the path. She looked at him
stubbornly and planted her feet. "Look," he said, "Be reasonable, they've
already left you behind; your friend saw me take you back into the trees. Trust
me, she's already gone on to the next party. I'm taking you home."

"No, thank you," she growled, "I think I've had enough."

"No, baby girl," he said with a sharp knowing smile. "I think I only whetted
your appetite."

~ end ~


Copyright (C) 2002 Morgan Hawke
All Rights Reserved. All wrongs revenged.

(7921 words)
Chastity




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Morgan Hawke


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





