BDSM Library - Bubba Seizes the Day




Bubba Seizes the Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An arrogant female university student/gymnast is abducted by a black janitor and forced into a number of humiliating situations.
Bubba Seizes the Day

Copyright Dave Haugen 2002

M/F rape torture


********************************************************
If you are under the age of 18, or if erotic literature 
focusing on rape, humiliation and non-consentuality is 
personally offensive to you, please do NOT read any 
further!  Thank you!
********************************************************




Bubba Seizes the Day

Copyright Dave Haugen 2002


Part 1

Sure, it wasn't the greatest job, but it was a living.  For three years now, 32
year old Bubba Johnson had been working for the custodial staff at the local
university.  Cleaning toilets, mopping hallway floors, vacuuming classroom
carpets; not exactly glamorous work, but it paid the bills.  At least it beats
manual labor, Bubba thought to himself as he dunked his raggedy gray mop into
his pail, which by now was practically dirt-soaked.  Looking up at the hallway
clock, Bubba saw that it was only 9:30. It felt like he had been working for
hours, yet he had just started his shift thirty minutes ago.  Working the late
shift till five in the morning was hard to get to used to, but after a few
months, Bubba's internal clock gradually adapted to the late nights, and he was
able to function.  Actually, he thought to himself, he felt pretty damn good
around this time of night.

"Night man, don't work too hard!" said one of the electricians on the
university's mechanical department, as he headed past Bubba in the hallway. 
"Never do!" was Bubba's retort as he kept on mopping.  Bubba was a man of
enormous size.  His 6'4" stature and his 250 pound frame was domineering, and
Bubba was always proud of his ability to remain in fairly good shape.  Not that
it did him much good in the romance department...most women were usually afraid
to even come near him.

As Bubba took another dunk into his pail, a group of four university seniors
walked past him, chattering egocentrically away about midterms and paper due
dates.  Bubba couldn't stand listening to all of those white arrogant punks, all
of them having it so easy in life, with their parents no doubt footing the bill
while they frolicked away from class to class, living the easy life.  Bubba
always wished he had the opportunity of going to school, however, coming from a
broken home in a rough neighborhood, and having to support his ailing mother and
three younger siblings, Bubba knew he could never have coughed up the money
needed to feed tuition-hungry academic centers.  Most of his friends who were
also black never found their way to college either.  It infuriated Bubba to no
end, knowing how unjust American society treated people.  Not that any of the
young white punks that walked around him in the hallways cared.  Out of the
corner of his eye, Bubba caught one of the girls in the foursome giving him a
disgusted repulsed stare, and that just enraged him even further.  Bubba slammed
his mop into the pail and decided that he had better get his mind off of all
that negative stuff before his temper got the better of him.  If there was one
personality trait of Bubba's that domineered over everything else, it was his
hot temper.  Picking up the pail, Bubba sauntered over to the education
building's gymnasium, deciding that he had better make sure everyone was out of
there before he started sweeping the large wooden-floor area.

Walking into the gymnasium after grabbing his sweeping broom from the custodial
closet, Bubba quickly noticed the watery stains on the floor from all of the
punks.  Shaking with anger, Bubba thought to himself that he would like to break
the legs of any student that ever again walked into the gymnasium with their
outdoor shoes on.  "What the fuck do they think those signs are out there for
anyway, motherfuckers" Bubba cursed out, knowing that he would have to wash some
of the floor down first before even getting to the sweeping.  As he pivoted
towards the door, a voice echoed out into the non-acoustical gymnasium, causing
Bubba to freeze in his tracks.

"Hey, watch your language!"  Bubba turned around, surprised at not having
noticed anyone in the gym before he walked in.  On the far side of the gym
nearly 90 feet away, amidst all of the gymnastics equipment that was set up
along the side wall, stood a sight that would be forever frozen in Bubba's mind
until the day he died...a young girl, maybe 18 or 19, although she looked to be
much much younger, only about 5 feet tall, stood on one foot on a large blue mat
by the balance beam, her other foot perched upwards leaning on the beam, totally
perpendicular to her upright body.  She wore an absolutely gorgeous green
velvet, glittered, tank leotard that was totally armless and legless.  The
outfit clung to every bend and curve on the girl's body, accentuating a
beautiful set of hips and breasts, not full and woman-like, but rather, smaller
and tighter, like those found on a high school cheerleader.  Her dark brunette
hair was pulled backwards into a tight pony-tail, held together by a
coordinating green scrunchie.  Bubba couldn't believe the impact his view was
giving him, and he felt himself growing instantly hard as if all the blood in
his body was draining towards his groin.

The girl kept standing still, in some sort of stretching exercise, and Bubba
couldn't take his eyes off of her.  Noticing Bubba's lack of movement, the girl
blurted out "Do you mind??"

Bubba tried to regain his composure, enough to utter out some words in reply,
but some severely sexual thoughts had already entered his mind, and they weren't
about to leave.  "Uh...sorry miss, but, uh, the ed building closes at 10." said
Bubba as about a million ideas ran through his mind about what he would like to
do to that pert flexible body standing across the gym.

"Duhhhhh, I knoooowwww" replied the girl in the most smart-alecky, condescending
voice imaginable.  How dare she speak to him that way, Bubba thought as he
clenched his fist on the broom handle he was holding, that little girl has
absolutely no manners.  "I'll be out of here in like ten minutes, so chill!"

For years, one of the disadvantages of Bubba's job was having to watch these
tight-assed college girls flaunt their little bodies around, thinking they were
all high and mighty, certainly better than some black janitor without a college
education, thought Bubba.  Like a kaleidoscope, every instance of every small
mindless encounter Bubba had with these preppy school kids came flooding back to
him; every insult, every dirty sneer, every "I'm smarter, richer and better than
you" look.  It hit Bubba like a ton of bricks.  He couldn't stand thinking that
people felt they were better than him, especially some tiny, insignificant, 18
year old snob.  And who was she to snap at him as though he was some nobody,
especially when he didn't even do or say anything to her in the first place.

Knowing that any retaliatory remark would probably end up costing him his job,
Bubba decided to just bee-line for the door and leave, hoping that when he
returned to clean up the floor, the girl would be gone.  Only two steps outside
of the gymnasium, Bubba stopped.  His imagination and his arousal getting the
best of him, he decided to take another peek through the glass door windows at
the little gymnastics queen.  She was now sitting on the floor, her legs spread
wide apart in the straddle position, and her upper body leaning forwards in a
new stretch.  Lurid thoughts and ideas poured into Bubba's imagination, and he
felt his heartbeat quickening and some adrenaline rushing through his veins, as
if his body was preparing himself for some major activity.  His brain started to
catch up to his body, reminding him that here he was, practically alone in this
building with some white stuck-up cunt dressed up in an unbelievably sexy
outfit, who had just finished insulting him and treating him like pond scum.

"Ahh fuck man, snap out of it!" Bubba said out loud, trying to regain his
composure.  Heading back to retrieve his mop and a clean pail of water, Bubba
returned to the gym a few minutes later, wanting to go back inside, just to have
another round of interaction with that girl.  He just couldn't let her get the
last word in, especially being as arrogant and snooty as it was.  What the hell,
Bubba thought, he would have a little fun mouthing back to this little bitch. 
What would be the worst that could happen?  And it would certainly make himself
feel better.

Stepping back into the gymnasium, Bubba glanced out of the corner of his eye as
the girl was sitting cross-legged on the blue mat, digging around inside of her
tote bag, looking for something.  Bubba looked up at one of the clocks on the
gym wall and spoke up, deciding to be louder and more confident than his
pathetic stuttering statement from before.  "Hey Miss, I told you that the
building is closing, in ten minutes!"

Her response...?  Nothing!  She didn't even flinch, driving Bubba nearly through
the roof with anger!  How dare she not even acknowledge him, Bubba thought. 
"Hey!  Miss!", Bubba repeated much louder this time, his voice echoing through
the empty gym, "I said we close in TEN MINUTES!"  This time, the girl lifted her
head and stared directly at Bubba, replying in a sharp, punctuating voice, "I
heard you the first time!  I'm just getting my stuff together!"

"Well hurry up then!" said Bubba as he walked towards the watery stains on the
floor, waiting to be mopped up.  Angrier than ever, Bubba still felt like she
had the better of their exchange.  Look at her, he thought, sitting there like
some primadonna, digging around in her petty belongings, not caring about anyone
or anything but herself.  Finally, after slipping on a pair of open-toed
sandals,  she picked up her duffle bag, swung it over her shoulder and marched
towards Bubba, who was directly in her path to get to the gym's exit doors. 
Bubba's heart began to race again as he slapped his mop back and forth across
the floor, watching her carefully from the corner of his eye, hoping that she
would snap back at him one more time, just to give him another opportunity to
say what was really on his mind.  Instead, she walked right past him, out the
door, and towards the changing room area without having even said a single word. 
"Bitch!" Bubba said sharply under his breath, as he caught the wafting smell of
her sweat mixed with some young girlie perfume, sending his arousal level almost
through the roof.  His imagination was running wild; he hadn't felt this
outraged and this aroused in a long time.

Suddenly, the doors behind him opened again, and before Bubba could even turn
around, that young high pitched voice came flying back at him yet once more. 
"Hey!  The change room doors are locked dorkhead!  How the hell am I supposed to
leave if I can't even get changed?  Huh Einstein??"  That did it.

That really did it.

Bubba gritted his teeth and decided that he was going to make a monumental
decision in his life.  It was the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back. 
All of the frustration, anger and jealousy that had been built up so powerfully
in his life boiled over like an erupting volcano.  He had always fantasized
about an opportunity like this and now he had his chance to get back at everyone
who has ever crossed his path and was able to get away with it.  And this poor
little white gymnast was about to bear the burden of all those people, and all
on her own.  Bubba knew what he was going to do, and it felt fantastic.  Hell,
after being treated like shit by so many, year in and year out throughout his
entire life, he was going to take back a little of what he deserved and desired. 
Bubba smiled a wide-toothed, white-teethed grin as he looked over the girl
standing before him, her arms crossed in front of her, her lips grimaced in an
angry pout, her little body just begging to pay the price for her attitude. 
Yeah, he thought, life is short, and what a shame it would be to not fulfill his
deepest darkest fantasy when it was so blatantly gift wrapped in this erotic
little package in front of him.  And topped with a scrunchie.

With all the confidence in the world now, Bubba spoke.  "Who the fuck do I look
like, your fucking slave, Miss?"  The look on the girl's face, to Bubba, was
absolutely priceless.  Her eyes widened like two saucers and her jaw dropped as
though she had just seen the sinking of the Titanic.  Yet surprisingly, there
wasn't a sign of fear in her demeanor, just an incredulous disbelief that any
one, let alone a man, let alone a black man, would ever, EVER, speak to her with
those words.  Yes, she was going to give him a piece of her mind, a big piece. 
And Bubba was ready for that and every other piece she would eventually have to
offer.

"How dare you speak to me that way, you low life creep!" the girl blurted out
slowly and assuredly.  Bubba couldn't believe it...she wasn't in the least bit
intimidated by being alone with someone almost a foot and a half taller than her
and weighing more than 150 pounds more.  He liked her spunk.  Hated her
attitude, but loved the fact that she was justifying everything he was planning
to do to her.  She continued, "I'm going to have you fired so fast, you'll be
back in the ghetto where you belong!  Now open that door so I can get my
stuff!!"  Bubba kept smiling, loving every twist and turn of her lips and tongue
as she uttered such harsh words for someone so tiny and fragile.  She was
certainly writing some cheques that her ass wasn't able to cash.  But he would
make damn sure that her ass cashed each and every one of her cheques, Bubba
thought lewdly as he planned his next move.

"Fired huh?  I'm already fired Miss.  Fired right up that is."

"What ever!!!" she snapped back, "I'll just find someone else to get my stuff
for me"

As she turned around, Bubba decided it was time to make his move.  One quick
lunge was enough to put Bubba within striking distance of the girl.  He reached
around with his left arm and quickly covered her mouth.  Before she even knew
what was happening to her, Bubba easily lifted her entire body off the ground
with his other arm, wrapping itself around her thighs and holding her in the air
like a sack of potatoes.  The girl started squirming fiercely, as her body
instinctively tried to wiggle its way out of its predicament, but there was no
possibility that she would be able to break the grasp of Bubba's muscular arms. 
A million and one thoughts raced through Bubba's mind, as he began mapping out
the next few minutes, and about what he was going to do now that he had her.  He
placed her down onto her back on top of a red floor mat that laid by the gym
doors and straddled her, keeping his hand firmly placed over her mouth.  With
little difficulty, he undid his belt and managed to loop it around her arms and
waist.  Having to create a new hole in the leather, he was able to cinch it
tight and buckle it, effectively keeping her arms alongside the sides of her
body.  Her wrists and fingers were able to move, but the belt was so tight that
she wasn't going to be able to free her trapped arms.  Bubba leaned in closely
over top of her and said "You listen to me you little white cunt...if you even
think about giving me a hard time with this, I'll kill you.  Do you hear me?"

The girl didn't say a word, but continued to breathe heavily through her nose,
her little nostrils opening and clothing rapidly as Bubba's large black hand
covered most of the lower part of her face.  Bubba couldn't believe how
stunningly beautiful she was in every way.  She was the perfect female
package...he judged her to be just under 100 pounds, and with a body to die for! 
She certainly would pass for being 18 from the head up, but her body was that of
a budding 16 year old.  In short, she had the perfect gymnast's figure, and
Bubba couldn't believe that he was actually sitting on top of this piece of
paradise beneath him.  Reaching over to her duffle bag sitting on the floor
beside them, Bubba grabbed the purse which was inside and began digging around
for some identification.

"Ah, let's see bitch...here we go...Jennifer.  Jennifer Madison."  What a sweet
angelic name, Bubba thought.  He'd always loved the name Jennifer.  A plan began
to form in his mind and he started to formulate some ideas.  He needed a nice
quiet place to ensure that he could be alone with this girl and some way of
making his absence at work not seem suspicious.  As much as he wanted to keep
his little white slut to himself, Bubba knew that he would have to get some
outside help to make this work, and he quickly dug his cell phone out of his
pocket to call his friend Drake.  He knew his buddy would be in the Physics
building at this time and that he was the key to getting away with this.

Jennifer lay crushed underneath Bubba, feeling his heavy weight pressing down
into her tight abdomen and his hand still covering her mouth, preventing her
from screaming for help.  She listened as he dialed up a number on his cell
phone and talked to someone named Drake.  Her heart slowly began to sink as she
listened to Bubba making arrangements over the phone...apparently Drake was a
man with a similar size and build as Bubba, who promised to complete Bubba's
shift in the education building as well as his own.  Bubba would be taking her
to an outside location, and Drake was to let anyone suspicious know that he had
called in sick.  As for seeing Jennifer, Bubba told Drake that if the police or
anyone came questioning him about it, that he was to say that he hadn't noticed
anyone around the education building at all.  Jennifer began to squirm under
Bubba again as she heard him agree to let Drake in on 'a piece of the action'
when the time was right.  Bubba clicked off his phone and refocused his
attention back on Jennifer.

"Now you listen here bitch...you can make this hard on yourself or easy on
yourself.  In a few days, if you behave, I'll let you go.  You'll never hear
from me again, but you'll be alive.  If you give me any problems, when we get to
where we're going, I'll make sure that you suffer more than anyone has ever
suffered before on this planet and then I'll kill you!  You got that?  I'll
fucking kill you and bury you.  The choice is yours.  Now stand up."

Making sure that he kept his hand over Jennifer's mouth, Bubba stood up and
yanked her to her feet, making her stand on her own.  He roughly dragged her
over to the gym's equipment room and unlocked the door with his key.  Knowing
that he had to act quickly, Bubba pushed her inside and closed the door behind
him.  With tears in her eyes, Jennifer stood perfectly still, her arms still
fastened to her sides with the belt, and started to beg, pathetically.  Music to
Bubba's ears.

"Please let me go, please, I promise I won't tell anyone, I'll give you money,
my daddy has a lot of money, please..."

Bubba listened to and delighted in every pleading word that came out of this
white cunt's mouth, but remained focused on the task at hand, getting things
ready for their departure.  He took a piece of silver duct tape and placed it
over her lips causing her to shake her head back and forth, flipping her
ponytail around in a series of erotic movements.  He then pushed down on her
shoulders so that she kneeled to the floor, sitting on her heels, and with
little difficulty, he wrapped the tape around her thighs and her shins, keeping
her legs bent and locked together.  Grabbing one of the skipping ropes in an
open cabinet, Bubba bent her body forward so that her knees were tucked into her
chest, pointing at her collar bone, and then proceeded to wrap the rope around
her back, effectively tying her into a tight little ball.  Dumping out a sack of
basketballs into an empty bin, Bubba easily dumped Jennifer's squirming little
body inside and tied it up.  Hoisting her over his shoulder like one of Santa's
Christmas sacks, Bubba carefully carried her back out to the gym, and picked up
the duffle bag in his other hand.  The last bit of business was collecting all
of Jennifer's belongings from the women's change room, and he did so carefully,
ensuring that no one else was lurking around the practically deserted building.

Funny how things work out, Bubba thought as he placed the lumpy moving sack into
the trunk of his Chevy Nova.  All things seemed to be aligned perfectly for this
to happen, as he thought of the close proximity of his car in the deserted,
totally empty staff parking lot.  He was able to drive away from the campus
without drawing an ounce of suspicion towards himself, and with one of the
sexiest white females he had ever laid his eyes upon stashed away in his trunk. 
And he couldn't wait to start playing some gymnastics games with little Jennifer
Madison.  And he had just the idea of the perfect place to do it!  Man he felt
alive!

His first stop was to a hardcore sex toy shop clear across the city.  Bubba
parked his vehicle in the parking lot and felt the butterflies twirling away in
his stomach as he thought of all the fun he was going to have in the next few
days.  Stepping into the large store, Bubba surveiled the crowd...nothing out of
the ordinary, just the usual crowd of individual men perusing the shelves.  Like
a kid in a candy store, Bubba went from shelf to shelf picking out an arsenal of
items.  What the hell he thought, it's worth spending some money for what he
would be getting.  Most men would sign away their limbs for the opportunity to
play with Jennifer in the way that he was going to.  So, three hundred and fifty
dollars later, Bubba walked out of the store and back into his car.

The grocery store was next on Bubba's shopping agenda, and he picked up several
bags of food and some "other" items, that would come in useful for the next few
days.  Chuckling to himself, Bubba drove on towards his final destination, the
perfect place in which to play with Jennifer.  It was too perfect.  Bubba's
friend Charlie had a gymnasium that was closed for three weeks while Charlie
vacationed in Europe with his wife.  Before leaving, Charlie asked Bubba to
check up on the establishment from time to time to make sure everything was
okay.  Because Charlie kept a stash of drugs in the place, he explained to Bubba
that he would be the only one given the spare key to enter the gym during his
vacation.  Charlie had only been gone for a week, so Bubba knew he had plenty of
time to safely enjoy himself inside the quiet secluded gym.  He couldn't wait to
see Jennifer performing many series of gymnastics contortions and routines,
coached on by him, with the help of a few of her new "accessories" that he would
have fun introducing her to.  Yes, said Bubba to himself, "Life is for the
taking, and I'm about to take what I've always wanted!"

Pulling into the parking lot of "Charlie's Gym", Bubba unlocked the garage at
the back of the building and drove inside.  Again, he couldn't believe his luck
that no one was around to see him pull in...he was truly home free!  Turning off
the ignition and shutting the garage door behind him, Bubba opened up the trunk
and was happy to see that the canvas sack was still squirming away excitedly. 
Bubba opened the top of the sack and pulled Jennifer's body out of it.  A layer
of sweat covered Jennifer's pale white skin, showing the results of her futile
exertions.  Bubba licked her arm and tasted her delicious sweaty pheromones,
thrilled at the excitement of the night ahead of them.  It was only 11 o'clock
and he and Jennifer had all night to get to know each other better!  Bubba then
untied the skipping rope and sliced through the duct tape around her thighs and
shins, ripping it off with a resultant "mmmmmm" sound coming from behind her
gag.  As he lifted her out of the trunk, Bubba decided to leave only the belt
around her arms and the tape on her mouth for now, and he led her through the
hallway to the main gym area, after shutting down the motion detection sensors
from the security sensors.  After being so tightly bound for the better part of
an hour, Jennifer could barely walk, and Bubba had to keep her propped up while
her legs got used to standing again.

Charlie's gym was small but had all of the amenities required in a good facility
of it's kind: two fully stocked weightrooms, some exercise bikes, treadmills, a
pool, a hot tub, a sauna, and most important to Bubba, a wide variety of
gymnastics equipment.  After all, he so rudely interrupted Jennifer's training
earlier in the evening, and wanted to make up for it by giving her the chance to
show him what she could really do.  Hanging rings, a balance beam, a pummel
horse, trampolines, climbing bars, pirouette bars, balls/ribbons/and hoops, not
to mention the devious sex toys that he purchased would provide Jennifer with
some new challenges in her gymnastics training.  No time to start like the
present, Bubba thought!

Throwing Jennifer down onto a big beanbag chair laying on the floor of the spa
area, Bubba pulled up a chair and sat in front of her.  Gazing up and down her
body, Bubba shook his head in disbelief and said "Man Jenny girl, you've got one
beautiful hot tight young little body there.  You're absolutely beautiful.  It's
time you and I got to know each other better."  Leaning forward, Bubba gently
pulled the duct tape from her lips and gave her a sip of bottled water to
moisten her dry sticky lips.  Bubba admired her bravery...instead of crying and
wailing like he thought she might do, she was acting remarkably calm and
collected.  He predicted to himself that she would start the deal-offering
stage, and he was absolutely right on the mark.

"Listen, mister," Jennifer began in a shaky, nervous, but direct voice, "I
promise you that if you just let me go, I will make sure that you are given as
much money as you want because my father has a lot of money and he will pay you
anything if you just return me home safely, please?"

"Yeah?  A lot of money?" Bubba played along.  "As much as you want." Jennifer
said a little quicker, trying desperately not to start screaming and insulting
him.  She hated every fiber of his being right now.  She never liked blacks to
begin with and now she was trying to reason with some huge black man who could
end up killing her if he wanted.  She was determined to try and talk him out of
this...she had to try.  Bubba had his own psychological games to play.  "So,
you're telling me that I can get rich out of this deal, huh little girl?"

Jennifer nodded slowly, looking at him for any sign of agreement, and Bubba
tried his hardest not to burst out laughing.  He wanted some compliancy in her,
and decided that it might be more fun to play with her if she was able to
believe that she would end up getting away.  "I'll tell you what Jenny, I aint
no murderer.  I'm not going to kill you, I just wanted to have some fun with
your tight little body there."  Instantly, Jennifer started to break down into
tears, repeating over and over again in a high pitched ten-year-old's voice
'Please don't rape me, please don't rape me, you can't, you can't rape me..." 
Bubba wanted her to stop crying and decided on a new approach.

"Hey, girl, look at me, look at me for a second.  I'm not gonna rape you!" he
said with a soft voice that almost sounded believable.  "You're...you're...not?"
Jennifer said, sniffling through some tears, again wanting to believe that this
deranged black man before her really meant it.

"Of course not.  Listen, I'll let you in on the game plan, because you're a part
of this too, alright?"  Bubba said.  Jennifer nodded slowly and Bubba continued. 
"I'm not gonna rape you for two reasons.  First off, I don't know where you've
been and the last thing I want is to pick up cooties or something worse. 
Second, I fully plan on lettin' you go, and when the police get involved, I
don't want them to find traces of my cum all over you, that wouldn't make sense,
right?"  Bubba waited for an answer, and Jennifer, who had completely stopped
crying in her desire to actually believe Bubba's statements, nodded again. 
"There," Bubba continued, "that's better.  Now we understand each other a little
more.  Now, listen Jenny, I promise to let you go tomorrow, and I promise that
you won't be raped, as you seem to be so worried about that.  But, you will have
to perform some gymnastics moves for me, with and without clothes, and let me
touch you in all your private little places with my fingers, okay?  And then,
I'll let you go, and we'll both get what we want."

Bubba waited for a response.  He was having so much fun!  Sure, he was lying
about almost everything he had said, but it was going to be more fun getting her
to participate in her torments then to have to force her into everything. 
Looking at Bubba with the most amazing puppy-dog eyes, Jennifer mulled over his
words in her mind, and finally stammered out a reply.

"You mean you won't rape me?"

Bubba smiled politely.  "No Jenny dear, I aint gonna rape you.  I'll just play
with your body a bit and then I'll let you go tomorrow."

"You promise?" Jennifer said with a strong red blush floating in her cheeks.

"I promise."  Bubba said genuinely.  Yeah right, Bubba thought!  He was going to
do everything to her that his imagination could think of, and best of all, he
would pay her back for those racist comments she made to him back on campus. 
But she didn't have to know that.  Yet.

"So Jenny.  Do we have a deal?  Will you do some gymnastics for me?"

Suddenly, a frightened Jennifer perked up, "But what about that man you called
on the phone??"

Bubba nodded.  "He's just my alibi, I'm not sharing you with nobody!  You're
mine Jenny.  I want to enjoy playing with your body alone.  So?  Do we have a
deal?  No rape in exchange for some gymnastics?"

Jennifer knew she was defeated.  She knew that he was in complete control of her
fate and could do whatever he wanted to her.  She decided that her best course
of action was to let this disgusting pervert do his thing, and that by
complying, maybe he really would let her go relatively unharmed.  After all, she
thought, his arguments did seem to make some sort of sick sense, maybe he would
just touch her and let her go.  It was repulsive, but anything was better than
being raped by some big black man.  Jennifer nodded to Bubba, who nodded back.

"Ok.  First of all Jenny dear.  I want you to stand up.  I'm gonna take off that
belt around your arms."  Bubba watched as Jennifer struggled to stand up, and
then he removed the belt as promised.  Jennifer tried to rub some of the feeling
back into her wrists where the belt had been digging into her flesh for more
than an hour, but Bubba wasn't noticing in the least.  He was too busy looking
over that tank leotard she was wearing.  It looked absolutely edible!  When he
moved off of his chair and knelt down in front of her, Jennifer's body began to
shake uncontrollably with nerves.  Bubba's hands reached up and gently felt
around the tight body clinging outfit.

"Now now, Jenny girl.  Remember, I'm just going to touch.  In fact, it may even
feel really good for you, if you let it." said Bubba as he kept running his
fingers up and down the material.  When he moved down to the tiny band of fabric
that ran under her pussy and around her butt, he tried to put a finger inside
the leotard, but Jennifer backed up a step and placed her hands downwards in a
defensive manner.

"Hey Jenny," said Bubba in a menacing tone.  "Remember our deal...am I gonna
have to tie you down and get rough?"

"No, no!  Please don't tie me up again!  I'll behave, I promise!" Jenny said
quickly.  Wow, what a difference in attitude, Bubba thought to himself.  An hour
ago, she wouldn't have even talked to him but to yell at him, and now she was
submissively agreeing to let him place his fingers near her pussy.  Yep, life is
good, thought Bubba.

Again, Bubba continued to move his middle finger in between the tight clingy
fabric of her leotards and the moist skin of Jennifer's pussy.  He could feel
some hair, but not too much, although it was impossible to tell without taking a
visual inspection.  He curled his finger this way and that, feeling all around
Jennifer's pussy lips, while she stood there, gritting her teeth and trying to
stand as motionless as she could.  Loving the submissiveness she was forced to
react with, Bubba noticed that little goosebumps were all over her exposed legs
and arms, and knew how nervous she must be with some strange black man's finger
roaming around her most private of areas.  Bubba then took his other hand and
placed it through the other side of her crotch covering, meeting up with his
first finger.  Watching the expression on her closed-eyed face, Bubba pulled
down the spandexy material and let it go, causing it to jump up and flick her
pussy with an elastic "snap".  Jennifer almost jumped a mile and fell backwards
from the unexpected shock.

"Why did you do that?  That hurt!" Jen said as she lay on the mat.  Bubba
apologized and told her to position herself on her hands and knees.  With a
disgusted look on her little college-girl face, Jennifer did as she was told
without arguing, and got into position with her rear end facing Bubba.  He
thought he would keel over and die from the amazing ass that Jennifer possessed. 
Each round firm cheek was nothing but a handful, and the green leotard barely
covered the two treasures that lay hidden underneath.  Bubba reached out and ran
his finger up and down the material, beginning to push a finger into it where
her pussy and asshole would be.  The material was amazingly pliable and he was
able to push about one inch of it into her pussy.  Jen remained in position, and
after a minute, Bubba pulled out and noticed that the material was a little
damp.  Probably just sweat, thought Bubba as he tried the same maneuver with her
asshole.  Again, he was able to push in a little, and submissive little Jennifer
never uttered a word.

"Okay Jenny, I want you to stand up and walk towards the balance beam.  Do what
you were doing when I first saw you at the gym."  Jennifer did as she was told
and lifted her left leg up to the beam while keeping her right foot firmly
planted on the ground.  Bubba sat down beneath her and watched as the leotard
dug up into her pussy lips, giving him a good view of her curvaceous privates.

"Can you do the splits Jenny?" asked Bubba with an enticed expression of
curiosity.  Jennifer nodded and Bubba told her to sit up on the pommel horse and
to spread her legs towards each side of the horse.  Jennifer emitted an
exasperated sigh but she hopped up onto the horse, straddling it at first, then
carefully placed each foot onto a separate edge of the horse lengthwise.  Using
the top handles, she held herself in place in that humiliating position.  Again,
Bubba was there for his inspection, and he loved the way her ass looked so
amazing in that damn leotard!  Gymnastics rocked!

"Jenny, you're really arousing me, and I can't wait to see you do some routines,
but first, I want to introduce you to some of the toys that you will be playing
with tonight, ok?"  Jennifer only nodded, and Bubba told her that he wanted her
to now straddle the pommel horse and to rub her breasts under her leotard. 
Jennifer did as she was told and Bubba brought out several bags of goodies, all
hidden from Jennifer's view.  He wanted to watch the expression on her face as
he brought out them out, one by one.

"Ok Jenny," said Bubba as he placed the chair next to the pommel horse where
Jennifer was rubbing her breasts with both hands, "Now I'm gonna show you the
toys you'll be playing with tonight.  The first group is from a sex toy store. 
Maybe you even have some of these at home, tucked away in your little panty
drawer, huh?"  No response, just another wince of disgust.  "Anyway, here's the
first item...nipple clamps!"  Bubba pulled out a pair of nipple clamps that had
big plastic ends that would grab and pinch a nipple shut.  Jennifer gasped when
she saw it and said "No, I don't want that!"  Bubba tilted his head and replied
"Remember Jenny, it's either this, or I rape the shit outta your pussy and
asshole and give you a nice black baby in your tummy.  Would you like that more
than these nipple clamps?"

Bubba loved watching the look of realization on Jennifer's face...she was going
to have to submit to the most degrading acts of debauchery, and there was
nothing she could do to stop it.  "Well Jenny?  The toys or the rape?  And don't
forget that nipple rubbing."  Jennifer renewed her rubbing and said quietly,
"The toys."

"Ok Jenny.  I'll continue on.  The next item is this nice vibrating dildo.  It's
black Jenny, just like me!"  Jennifer's eyes opened in horror as she watched
Bubba pull out a huge black dildo that was only about 6 inches long, but almost
2 and a half inches wide.

"And, I brought along a friend, because I didn't want it getting lonely.  This
is called a butt plug because of how it's shaped.  Look Jenny!"  Excitedly,
Bubba pulled out a large butt plug, about 5 inches long that tapered from one
inch to two inches down its length.  Jennifer didn't look too happy to Bubba. 
He decided to leave the inflatable dildo and the other goodies in the bag for
later.  After all, he didn't want her to be all out of surprises for later!

"Now Jenny, let's see what else we have in here.  Oh yes, I bought some things
for you from the grocery store.  I'll see if you can use your imagination to
decide what kind of toys these are.  Let's see, we've got some nice long candles
and some matches, some popsicle molds, two cucumbers, some tabasco sauce, a
ruler..."  Before he could continue, Jennifer jumped off of the pommel horse and
tried to make a run for it.

"Show time!" shouted Bubba happily as he easily chased her down and carried her
kicking and screaming back to the gym area.  "Well bitch, now you've done it,
now you've really pissed me off!  And to think, I trusted you with my end of the
bargain and look what you did!"

"No please!  Please!  I'm sorry, I won't do that again, just don't rape me
please!  Please!" Jennifer cried pleadingly, getting down on her knees and
begging him in front of her.  His large cock was swelling even quicker in his
pants now as he watched this poor pathetic display of begging.  "Hmmm, I don't
know if I should give you another chance..."

"Yes, please!  I promise you I'll be good, please!"

"Ok, one more chance, but don't try that again bitch!" Bubba said as he walked
back to his toy collection then back towards her with the black dildo.  "Now
Jenny, I want you to lay back on the mat and hold that outfit out over your
pussy lips...NOW!"  Quickly, Jennifer did as she was ordered, and held the
material out to the side, exposing her pussy lips to Bubba for the first time. 
They were absolutely beautiful; so tiny and with sparse hair covering the
outside.  Bubba almost collapsed in front of her and decided that he had to
taste her.

"Oh Jenny, your pussy looks so delicious.  I think I'll have me a nice taste of
that!" said Bubba as he pulled her legs back up and over her, so that her knees
fell to either side of her head, pushing her torso completely upside down. 
Jennifer's ass was pointing up in the air, and Bubba reminded her to keep
holding the leotard crotch away from her pussy.  As she did, Bubba dove in,
tongue first, to the best tasting pussy he had had in ages.  The mix of sweat
and pussy juice drove him wild although he had to start digging his fingers in
deep to get to the juicy center.  The sudden invasion of Bubba's tongue and
fingers into her sensitive vagina made Jennifer start to become agitated, and
Bubba had to remind her to stay still.  Jennifer tried as hard as she could, but
she felt herself starting to cry as Bubba kept licking, sucking and nibbling at
her tasty pussy lips.  After a full minute of chowing down on Jennifer's pussy,
Bubba pulled his wet face away and planted his huge pink lips on top of
Jennifer's, forcing a wet juicy kiss on her lips.  Tasting her sweat and vaginal
juices disgusted her, and she tried to keep her mouth tightly shut.

Bubba pulled back and told Jennifer to stand up again, which she did, her mind
reeling with the assault she just suffered, knowing there was much more to come. 
Bubba began walking towards her with a pair of scissors and Jennifer's heart
began beating quickly.  "What are you doing?" asked Jennifer nervously, but
Bubba simply reached out and pulled her left nipple forward through the leotard. 
"Hmmm, you have some nice pointy nipples there Jenny.  Looks like you enjoyed
playing with them like the slut I know you are.  I want to see them, is all." 
Loosening his grip on her nipple, Bubba let it go, but kept the leotard material
trapped in between his fingers.  Taking the scissors, he cut a small hole in the
material, which perfectly exposed Jennifer's nipple while keeping the leotard
safely intact.  Repeating the job on the second nipple, Bubba laughed at how
cute she looked with her little pointy red nipples jutting out into the open
air.  "Now that's how the US gymnastic team should dress their girls for the
Olympics!" Bubba laughed, noting that Jennifer didn't seem to share his sense of
humor.  "Oh well, time for the clamps now bitch.  You're going to love these!" 
Bubba reached down for the nipple clamps and began to rub Jennifer's nipples
with his fingers, pulling and squeezing them, enjoying the feeling of her two
nubs getting hard and erect in between his fingers.  "Hmmm Jenny, seems like
they be enjoying this more than you!"

Jennifer looked up at Bubba with a look of pure hatred in her eyes.  Bubba knew
that look well, but was proud of himself for actually doing something about it. 
Returning the stare, he began to pinch both of her nipples harder and harder. 
Jennifer started to gasp out in pain and her hands flipped up to his, trying to
stop him, but he kept pinching them even tighter, until he brought her down to
her knees.  Finally releasing them, Jennifer collapsed and tried to rub them
with her fingers, to somehow ease the tremendous pain that was searing through
her sensitive breasts.  "If you thought that was bad bitch, wait till you feel
these.  Now, can you do some kind of like tumbling exercise Jenny?" asked Bubba. 
Jennifer nodded while still holding her flattened nipples.  "Good.  Show me
one."

Jennifer slowly crawled up to her feet as though the earth's gravitational pull
was just magnified by 5 times.  She walked to the edge of the large floor mat
and looked over at Bubba.

"Well, I'm waiting bitch!  Do some cartwheels or whatever it is you gymnast
sluts do!"

Jennifer started running, and to Bubba's delight, she began to leap, jump and
flip in a series of saltas, springs and Shush novas.  Bubba didn't know the
labels, but he liked what he saw.  Her contortionism was outstanding and her
flexibility was amazing.  Her back seemed to be able to arch like a garden hose
and her legs could come apart and flex in any number of directions, pulling her
crotch here and there.  Bubba loved it.  He demanded that she do another one,
and she did.  Bubba's cock was now as hard as a rock, but he decided to keep his
pants on, not wanting to break Jennifer's concentration.

"Ok bitch, now you're going to try the same thing, but this time with these
nipple clamps on!" said Bubba happily.  Jennifer muttered something underneath
her breath, which Bubba thought might be something like 'son of a bitch', but he
wasn't sure, and frankly he didn't care.  What he did care about right now was
making sure he could get the blood back into her nipples for suitable clamping. 
Walking up to her like a helpful coach, Bubba pinched and twisted Jennifer's
already sore nipples in his fingers, and ensured they were nice and hard once
again.  Handing the clamps to Jennifer, he told her to put one on each nipple. 
He watched with fascination as she tested out the strength of the clamps, and
with a lot of wincing and pain, she managed to get them on.  Bubba loved seeing
those harsh metallic clamps jutting out of her soft tender chest.  It was
absolutely beautiful to him, but not to her.

"Oh God, they hurt, I can't keep them on..." pleaded Jennifer as she raised her
hands to take them off.  Bubba stopped her with a strong glare and motioned her
with his head to continue her tumbling performance.  Slumping her head, Jennifer
sauntered slowly over to the corner of the mat, and once again performed the
leaps.  This time, she did them much slower, but the clamps wobbled erotically
back and forth, pulling her nipples in many different directions as her body
leapt upside down from handsprings to cartwheels.  As soon as she finished,
Bubba shouted out the word "Again!" and Jennifer repeated her jumps.  Six times
later, Bubba was satisfied and told Jennifer she could take the clamps off.  As
soon as she released them, she cried out as the blood started rushing back to
her nipple tips, and she writhed around on the floor in sheer agony.  Bubba
wanted so much to just jump down and fuck the shit out of her, but new he had
all week and continued on with his plan.

"Very good Jenny.  You were amazing.  I give your nipples a 10!  Now, lets see
how your pussy performs!"  With the dildo still in his hand, he walked over to
her and told her that he was going to shove the dildo in her pussy and have her
perform the same routines.  Jennifer looked at the dildo and shook her head. 
"That will never fit in me, it's too big!"

"Sure it'll fit Jenny!  Where the fuck do you think babies come from?  This
isn't as big as a baby, but it is pretty thick, and I'm sure it'll stretch out
that tight little cunt for you.  I chose this size, because it's not too long
and it should fit in your outfit quite well!  Let's try...bend OVER!"

Jennifer couldn't take it any more.  She leaped up and started to run again. 
Bubba laughed as he felt pride in his ability to teach this little slut a
lesson.  If only these little sluts didn't flash their hardbodies all over the
place, men like him wouldn't have to teach them the dangers of it, Bubba thought
to himself.  Catching her once again, he pulled her back to the toy bag and
straddled her stomach yet again.  Jennifer started begging pathetically again,
but Bubba refused to listen this time.

"Ok bitch.  I've had it with you.  That's twice that you disobeyed my orders,
and now, I'm sick and tired of hearing you say you're sorry.  If you disobey me
one more time, just one more time, cooties or no cooties, I'm going to plug your
fucking holes full of so much sperm, you'll be shittin' bleedin' and pissin' my
boys for a week!"

Reaching into the bag, Bubba pulled out a nice red ball gag and strapped it
around the back of her head.  Pulling the ball in tight, he strapped it in
snuggly and watched as she tried to get accustomed to the intruding piece of
plastic.  "If you think that's annoying bitch, wait till you feel this up your
snatch!"  And with that, Bubba ordered her back on her hands and knees. 
Jennifer instantly complied, not wanting him to get any angrier than he already
was.  Bubba yanked the leotard material to the side and spit directly on her
pussy, causing her to jerk forward.  Reaching over her back, Bubba grabbed
Jennifer's pony tail and yanked it backwards, forcing her to stay motionless on
her knees.  Spitting on his fingers, he lubricated both her pussy hole and the
dildo in preparation for its invasion into her tight young cunt.

"Let's see bitch, the box said this thing was two and a half inches thick. 
That's probably more cock than you've ever had in your life, seeing as how you
don't do black.  Now, your pussy tube is probably about five inches, give or
take an inch, so this dildo should fit pretty snuggly up your nice pink hole." 
With the dildo totally lubricated with his spit, Bubba placed the head of the
thick dildo directly on the outside of her pussy lips and began to rub it around
in small circles.  He couldn't believe how small her pussy looked next to this
monster cock.  It was going to be a tight fit, but a hell of a lot of fun
watching her hole spread open to accommodate the big dildo.  Bubba began to push
forward with some heavy pressure, wiggling the dildo around in order to gain
some leverage, but it was tough pushing.  Using her pony tail, he began to pull
backwards.  Little by little, about two inches wormed its way in to the
impossibly tight hole.

"Man bitch, you are tight!  Betcha wish you didn't have such a nice young tight
body.  Man, I've seen twelve year olds with bigger hips and a wider ass than
yours bitch!  Damn!"  Bubba loved knowing the effect that his crude words had on
Jennifer, but knew that right now, her entire world revolved around the tight
pliable skin of the inside and outside of her pussy that was being mashed and
stretched beyond anything it had ever experienced before.  Finally, all six
inches was fully inside of her, with the flared tip sticking outwards.  Bubba
tried to push in even a little further, but found that the dildo had certainly
reached the end of her cavity, and would go no further.  "Hey, I'm a pretty good
guesser.  Six inches was perfect!" he said proudly.  Releasing the leotard,
Bubba straightened the material out and made sure that it covered most of the
dildo.  What a beautiful sight, thought Bubba.  One could hardly tell that there
was a huge dildo embedded firmly in her tight young snatch because the material
of the leotard hid it so well, not to mention that it kept the dildo pushed in
fully inside of her.  Jennifer just groaned into her gag, slumping her head
forwards to the mat.  She felt so completely full, like she was in the process
of giving birth to a baby that decided it wasn't ready to come.

"Now stand up Jenny!  I want to see some more tumbling!"  Very slowly, Jennifer
stood up, trying to get used to the feeling of the dildo deep inside her poor
vagina.  Bubba watched with delight as she tried to twist her hips in a way that
would make it comfortable for her, but there really wasn't any way to lessen the
effects of her tight hole being continuously stretched.

"Ok girl, let's go!  I want to see you go!" said Bubba as he watched her take
step by heavy step towards the corner of the mat.  Jennifer started to run, but
instead of jumping into a cartwheel, she just stopped, turned to Bubba, and with
the saddest puppy-dog eyed look, shook her head at him.

"Well bitch, if you really don't find this challenging enough, I could ram this
butt plug up your ass to join it's buddy in there.  That might give you more to
look forward to."  said Bubba, watching closely for her reaction.  Sure enough,
Jennifer simply walked back to her starting position for another attempt.  Man,
Bubba was loving this, he thought.  He thought of every man out there who had
always wanted to do something like this with a pretty young girl, and how
remarkably easy it was to accomplish.  And the reward was priceless.  Even if it
meant spending the next twenty years in prison, he would always have the
satisfaction of reliving these memories, and knowing that some snotty racist
bitch would never have a day go by in her life in which she wouldn't be thinking
of him.  It was all worth it.

Not as quickly as the first set of routines, Jennifer proceeded to cartwheel and
leap seven times back and forth across the mat.  Bubba watched her skinny body
once again twist and turn, and his erection throbbed in his pants knowing that
there was a huge dildo making her life miserable right now.  He couldn't even
picture the thing inside of such a tiny mass.  He couldn't wait until tomorrow
when he would force her to do a repeat performance, this time with the plug as
he had already foreshadowed.  After being told to stop, Jennifer fell to the
ground in a fetal position, and Bubba decided that she had probably had enough
for the first night.  He still wanted to start fucking those tight holes that he
had been playing with for so long, but decided that a compliant victim was still
what he wanted for right now.  The trust he could gain by keeping his word, at
least for now, was important, as she would willingly do the neat tricks his mind
had been so busy cooking up.

Bubba sat down next to her, and told her to look at him.  Removing the ball gag,
Bubba began to speak in a soft voice.  "You know Jenny girl, I'm real real proud
of you kiddo.  You took your lumps like a pro.  And tomorrow, you'll take a few
more.  But the day after that, I'm gonna let you go, and you'll never hear from
me again.  And you'll walk away without being raped.  All I ask is that you let
me have a bit more fun with your body.  Do what I tell you, and you'll be okay. 
Do you understand?"

For Jennifer, an amazing relief washed over her, as she couldn't help but
believe him, the alternative was too horrible to contemplate.  She nodded
submissively, and then bravely spoke out in a quiet, scratchy voice.  "Can you
please take this thing out of me now, please?"  Bubba nodded, and said that for
good behavior like she was showing now, she would be rewarded.  He told her to
lean back on her hands and to spread her legs.  As she did, he lifted the
leotard outwards and reached in for the dildo.  It felt really embedded in her
pussy and he loved the feel of pulling it slowly outwards.  It was tighter
pulling it out than it was pushing it in, Bubba thought.  Must have something to
do with lubrication.  After it was almost completely out, Bubba leaned in
closely to see what her hole would look like.  Amazingly, the instant that the
dildo popped free of its warm wet home, Jennifer's pussy snapped shut and looked
as though it had never been broken into.  Ah, the elasticity of youth, thought
Bubba.

"Good girl.  Now, before I send you off to bed, you have one more thing to do
for me.  Suck this toy off, it's kind of juicy and all dirty right now." said
Bubba.  With a repulsed look in her eyes, Jennifer did as she was told and
leaned over to lick the dildo.  Bubba decided to help her out a little by
smearing the dildo all over her lips and tongue, making sure that she cleaned
off all of her slime from the plastic surface.  Once the task was complete,
Bubba put the dildo back on the floor and decided to let Jennifer get some rest. 
She would need it for tomorrow's events.  But first, Bubba wanted to remind her
of what brought her here in the first place.

"Now Jenny girl.  I just want to say to you that none of this would be happening
to you if you hadn't treated me like a piece of shit back at the gym.  Sure, I
may be just some janitor, but I'm a man like anyone else, and I can't stand when
some slutty white cunt bad talks me.  Now say you're sorry."

"I'm so sorry, I really didn't mean too." answered Jennifer quickly, still
wincing from the taste of her own juices coating her taste buds.  Bubba knew she
was totally lying; he could feel the hatred from her, but at least she was doing
what he wanted.  "Good girl.  Now it's time to work out the sleeping
arrangements!"

Bubba picked her up in his arms with a single motion and carried her over to the
balance beam.  He laid her down onto her back underneath the beam and pulled her
arms outwards to the side, along the mat.  Using some elastic stretchy rope,
Bubba tied her wrists into gentle but inescapable knots and ran each end to
either side of the beam, effectively keeping her flat on her back.  Then, Bubba
lifted her left leg upwards towards the bottom of the beam, and fastened it
there with more rope.  Repeating the process with her right leg, Bubba made sure
that her legs were conveniently pulled apart.  She would be able to wriggle
around in this position, but not by much.  Bubba then pulled the heavy vibrating
massager out of his toy bag and turned it on to test the level of vibrations. 
Setting it on the highest speed, he almost had to drop the thing from his hand
as it vibrated so heavily, that he felt his hand almost going numb.  Perfect, he
thought, as he proceeded to tie a rope to the end of the massager, then tying it
to the balance beam, at just the right spot.  By letting it hang downwards,
pointing towards the floor and Jennifer's uplifted, spread open crotch, Bubba
adjusted it's height so that the vibrator's tip would just perfectly rest
against the top of her vagina, around her clit, which was protected by the thin
leotard, but would still get the great vibrations through it.  Bubba watched
Jennifer's reaction and found that she could avoid the vibrator on her clit by
pulling her butt downwards, but that would end up causing strain on her lower
back and her ankles, causing her to just relax, and let the elastic rope pull
her back up to the agonizing buzzing of the vibrator.  Bubba wondered to himself
if she would bring herself to orgasm during the night, but really didn't care
either way.

For a few minutes, Bubba watched Jennifer's dilemma.  The buzzing must have been
driving her mad because every time the elastic ropes pulled her crotch upwards
towards the hanging massager, Jennifer would start to twist her hips and pull
down on her legs to lower her body from the massager's jarring movements. 
However, she wasn't able to hold that position for long, and again, her crotch
would elevate back up to meet it's buzzing tormenter.  That should keep her busy
for a while!  Bubba thought.  Pulling the bean bag chair over to the balance
beam, Bubba laid down and decided that he needed to get some sleep so that he
could be wide awake for the next series of events.  Man, the things he was going
to be putting her through tomorrow, Bubba thought as he watched poor Jennifer
moaning, bouncing, struggling and twisting around in her bondage.  Yes, tomorrow
would be another day of exercise, and some for his teased cock too, thought
Bubba as he drifted off to sleep.




Part 2

Morning came as the sun started to peek in through the windows of Charlie's Gym,
waking Bubba up from a terrific sleep.  The moment Bubba opened his eyes, he
looked towards Jennifer to see what she was up to.  Amazingly, Jennifer was
asleep, adorably so.  Her little butt was hanging in mid air by her legs via the
elastic rope, and the vibrating massager was still humming away, sitting fully
on her spread open crotch.  Bubba chuckled to himself, wondering how she could
have managed to fall asleep with that constant buzzing distraction, but then he
decided it must have been a result of pure exhaustion.  He had admittedly put
her through a lot in her young life last night, but today was going to be even
more challenging.  Yes, there was nothing like helping a young gymnast with her
stamina, thought Bubba, it was the least he could do for her.

Standing up, Bubba walked over to Jennifer and turned off the massager. 
Noticing the wet stain in her green leotards all around the crotch area, Bubba
hoped that she had gone through some agonizing orgasms throughout the night. 
And if not, well, who cared.

Lifting the massager off of her, Bubba leaned in closer to examine his
handiwork.  The wafting smell of young pussy juice reached his nostrils as he
sniffed at her crotch like some over aroused dog.  She had leaked like a faucet
all night long.  A few minutes passed as Bubba was sure to breathe in Jennifer's
heavenly odor.  The next question was, how to wake the sleeping gymnast?

Bubba headed into the gymnasium's kitchen to prepare a few treats for later,
then returned to the balance beam, deciding it was time to wake Jennifer up.  8
o'clock am, and time for another full day of hard training.  Her nipples were
poking so nicely into the open air through the holes he had cut into the front
of her leotard, meant Bubba just had to start there.  Reaching down, Bubba
gently placed each nipple in between his thumbs and forefingers and prepared a
grip.  And what a grip it was.  Jennifer's eyes bolted open and she let out a
blood curling scream as Bubba squished her nipples almost totally flat in a
crushing hold.

"NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!" screamed Jennifer as her sleep was so rudely interrupted
by the hands of a janitor, who less than 12 hours ago, she wouldn't have even
looked at.  Bubba kept his firm crushing grip on them, feeling her chest and
body wiggling around, trying to find a way to escape the pain he was inflicting.

"Rise and shine Jenny girl!  You gotta long day ahead of you, and I thought I
would start off by exercising those great lungs of yours!"  Bubba started to add
some twisting motions to his grip on her nipples, causing more agonizing screams
from Jennifer.  Eventually, the screaming became too loud, so Bubba let go and
grabbed her chin with his hand, forcing her to look directly into his eyes.

"Girl!!!  Calm down!  Remember the deal we discussed earlier??  You behave for
me, and you don't get raped.  You misbehave, and, well, I won't be responsible
for the black baby that ends up growing inside your belly.  Well actually I
will.  But it will be a result of you not doing what I want.  Remember???"

Breathing quickly, Jennifer stared at Bubba with total hatred in her eyes,
wanting to scratch his eyes out, to kick him so hard where she knew it would
hurt, to do anything to inflict her hate upon him.  However, reality returned
quickly to her as she so wanted to get out of this horrible situation without
him raping her, and deep down inside, she truly believed that if she
submissively went along with everything he wanted, that he wouldn't force
himself sexually on her.  After all, he had behaved so far without going as far
as sex, just maybe he was serious in not wanting any DNA evidence from sperm to
be on her, so Jennifer decided that she had to curb her anger and hatred long
enough to get out of this horrible mess.

"Ok ok, as long as you promise not to rape me, I'll do anything for you!!"
replied Jennifer, feeling nauseous for having to even speak to this black
bastard.  Bubba smiled.  "Atta girl Jenny.  Now, I'm going to pinch your nipples
again, not nearly as hard, and I want you to smile at me, and make it a damn
good happy convincing smile, and tell me that you love me.  If I'm not convinced
the first time, I squeeze your nips harder until I am convinced.  Got it?  Go!"

Jennifer wanted to kill him, but somehow, as the pain returned her to her aching
nipples, she managed to force out a smile and said to Bubba, in staccato words,
"I....love....you."

Inside, Bubba's stomach tingled with butterflies like a kid on Christmas morning
opening presents.  He absolutely loved this.  He loved watching as Jennifer
obviously had to force those words out of her mouth.  And that phony smile! 
Fantastic.  It must have been killing her inside to say those words and to keep
that expression, thought Bubba.  He just had to see more.

"No way.  I don't believe you.  I want you to tell me again, not just that you
love me, but how much, and about how much you love black men, and how sluts like
you just love making men like me happy.  I want you to improvise and make it
good, or this is just a sample of what you get..."  Bubba squeezed down on both
nipples firmly in one quick punctuating move, causing Jennifer to emit a lovely
little yelp, before loosening them again.

"Ok!!  Please, don't pinch me anymore!!!  I can't take it!!!" replied Jennifer,
tears forming in the corners of her eyes from the sharpened pain in her poor
sensitive nipples.  Then she began.  "I love you, I love black men...."

Bubba quickly interrupted.  "Ah ah ah....you're forgetting that sweet little
smile girl!  Come on!"  Jennifer inhaled deeply, and Bubba watched as her smile
returned.  "I love black men like you who make sluts like me happy.  I love
you."

Bubba released her nipples completely.  "There, now that wasn't so bad was it?" 
When he received no response, Bubba repeated his question in a stronger, deeper
tone, causing Jennifer to quickly answer "No".

"I think I deserve a nice wet juicy kiss for making you smile, dontcha think
Jenny?"   Bubba watched as Jennifer's face scrunched up with the thought of
kissing him, and it totally pissed him off.  Big time.  "I SAID...dontcha
THINK????"

"Yes yes!!!" came her quick reply, fearing that he would hurt her nipples again,
now that the sharp pain in them had just begun starting to turn into a dull
heavy ache.  She just knew that they were going to be severely bruised from his
fingers, and the last thing she wanted was any more hurting, as her pussy was
completely sore from having that dildo in her last night.

"Good," continued Bubba,  "But it won't be my lips you'll be kissing Jenny dear. 
It'll be my big black asshole!"

Jennifer's eyes opened as wide as saucers.  Bubba loved it.

"What?????" she bolted out as Bubba stood up, and began to undo his belt before
letting his pants fall down to the floor.  She gasped out in horror when Bubba
removed his burgundy boxer shorts, revealing a huge, black, semi-flaccid penis
hanging between his legs.  It must have been at least 8 inches long, and as
thick as her wrist.  She couldn't imagine how big it must grow when he was fully
aroused and erect.  There was no way she could allow herself to be raped by such
a monstrous man, thought Jennifer, she had to do everything in her power to stop
that from happening!

"Now, I'm gonna squat over your sweet little tongue, and you're gonna give my
ass the licking of the century.  After all, I sucked your pussy last night, so
this is the least you can do to repay me."  Jennifer tried to mentally prepare
for her inevitable degradation as she licked her dry lips and tried not to burst
into tears, while Bubba, naked from the waist down, stood on either side of her
shoulders before squatting down in a deep knee bend.  With his huge black hairy
ass just inches from her face, Bubba forced Jennifer to look upwards at a site
she never imagined she would one day be forced to see.  Bubba's rear end was
enormous, with curly black hair patched sporadically around from the deep crack
of his ass to his dangling balls.  His anus was all scrunched up and puffy,
centered deep in between his spread out legs.  A sheen of sweat glistened all
over Bubba's skin, making Jennifer's tummy totally sink, knowing what he
expected of her.  Thinking back, Jennifer had once quickly licked the butt of an
ex boyfriend back in high school, just to be cute and playful, but he was thin,
young, clean, and most importantly, white!  She couldn't imagine how horrible
this sickeningly repulsive act was going to be.  But she was going to find out
through first hand experience.

"Ok Jenny babe.  Now stick out that little pink tongue of yours and give my
asshole a nice kissy-bath.  And don't forget to lick off all the sweat, I
haven't had a shower for two days now.  Oh yeah, and my balls need cleaning too. 
Get to it!!"  Bubba was so honored, squatting over this young 90 pound white
racist gymnast, about to get his asshole cleaned by a tongue that had probably
bad mouthed his entire race her whole life.  Retribution is good, Bubba thought
happily.

As for Jennifer, her racial hatred was growing.  But she knew she had no choice. 
Slowly, her tongue inched upwards as Bubba dropped down a few more inches, and
finally made contact with one of his butt cheeks.  The heavy pungent odor of
male sweat quickly filled her nostrils, and the salty sensation on the tip of
her tongue, caused her to retract it quickly as she turned her head away from
the horror above her.  A quick grasp of her nipples reminded her that avoidance
was inevitable, and that she just had to get this over with.  Moaning from pain
from Bubba's finger grasp of her nipples again, Jennifer replaced her tongue
onto his huge left ass cheek and proceeded to lick.  Over and over, Jennifer
licked all around Bubba's perineum and ass cheeks, effectively cleaning him from
his own body sweat.  And Bubba loved every wet minute of it.

"Oh Jenny, that's fucking great!  Keep it up girl!  We finally found something
your tongue can do that doesn't annoy the shit outta me!  Don't forget my
asshole girl!  And keep your eyes on the prize bitch, or your nipples will be as
blue as your eyes."  Bubba lewdly loosened his huge asshole and squeezed it
again in a disgusting wink.  Jennifer knew Bubba was watching her, so she kept
her eyes open as her tongue touched his asshole for the first time.  The instant
taste of shit was there, and Jennifer didn't think she could do it.  But a bit
of pressurized encouragement from Bubba's digits caused her to continue on.  For
the next ten minutes, Bubba settled down on Jennifer's face, allowing her to
lick his asshole clean, resulting in the heavy smells to be pressed all over her
tongue, lips, cheeks, nose and chin.  Whew, thought Bubba, she did it.  This
little white slut just licked all the sweat and slime from his asshole.  Could
things get any better than this?  Oh yeah they could!

Standing up, Bubba loved watching Jennifer twisting her head in an attempt to
wipe her slimy lips off onto her shoulder.  She was really repulsed by that. 
When Bubba started to undo the elastic ropes holding her legs up in the air,
Jennifer watched him carefully.  Bubba let Jennifer down, and untied her
completely.  Her legs were so sore and stiff that she had to carefully massage
and stretch them back, but her youthful healthy body recovered quickly, and
Bubba began to prepare his next creative idea.

"Ok Jenny, you did just fine.  I haven't ever had such a nice tongue bath like
that before.  You must have done that before, you're a natural!  Now, today,
we're going to start off doing some exercises to get your heart going.  Sound
like fun?"

Instantly Jennifer reacted.  "Please...don't put anything inside me again, I
can't take it!!!  Please!"  Her pleading and begging was so refreshing to hear. 
"Well, we'll just have to see how well you perform.  Stand up and head over to
the Stairmaster.  You're about to do some climbing."

Bubba watched as Jennifer sluggishly stepped onto one of Charlie's special
Stairmaster machines.  It had a series of controls on it that allowed the user
to control the length of each climb as well as the resistance.  Bubba wanted to
see Jennifer sweat big time, and some good incentive would most certainly help.

"Now, I want you to start climbing those stairs Jenny...FAST!!!!  If I think for
a second that you're not working as hard as a little white girl should, I'll
start whipping your tight little ass with my belt.  Got it??  Now go!!"

Without a second's hesitation, Jennifer held onto the handles with her fingers,
and began pumping her legs up and down in a series of climbing motions.  Bubba
paced back and forth all around the machine, enjoying the view of her muscular
little legs pumping up and down, her tiny ass bobbing back and forth, and her
heaving chest with her swollen nipples pointing forward. Bubba reached out and
started to remove Jennifer's scrunchie, noticing that the moment he touched her,
she began stepping faster, as though she was scared of being hurt.  What a good
girl, such a quick learner.  Once the scrunchie was removed, Jennifer's ponytail
fell apart, and her shoulder length brunette hair cascaded down around the back
of her neck.  Bubba was amazed at how her face lost two or three years of youth
once the ponytail dissolved.  She looked more mature this way, but also less
sluttier, less Lolitaish.  So Bubba forced Jennifer to replace her scrunchie
back into its gymnast position.

After 10 grueling minutes, Jennifer's legs were quickly filling up with lactic
acid, and her movements as a result, were slowing down noticeably.  Reaching
back for his belt, Bubba reminded her of the consequences of slowing down, which
resulted in a sudden increase in her pace, but her legs just couldn't handle it
anymore.  With a raise of his arm, Bubba slashed the end of his leather belt
right across both cheeks of her tight leotard-encased ass.  The SMACCKKKKKKing
sound was so loud, it shocked Bubba more than it did Jennifer.

"NOOO!!!!!!!" cried Jennifer as she instantly jumped off the Stairmaster,
prepared to run, but instead, she crumpled into a ball, rubbing her stinging
butt.  Bubba laughed as he explained calmly to her that he warned her what would
happen, and that she had no one to blame for her belting other than her.  He
told her to get back onto the Stairmaster, but Jennifer started begging over and
over again that her legs were too tired to climb anymore.  Tightening his grip
on the belt, Bubba raised it up, saying she was going to get a more severe
beating, and that caused Jennifer to beg profusely, as she quickly resumed her
position on the Stairmaster and continued her pumping.

Sweat was covering her entire body as Jennifer exercised harder than she ever
had in her life.  Bubba almost felt sorry for her....almost....as he watched her
struggling with every step as though her life depended on it.  In a way, it kind
of did, thought Bubba as he chuckled to himself.  When she ultimately began to
tire, Bubba whipped her ass ten more times before she collapsed to the floor,
trying to shield herself from the leather belt.  Bubba loved watching her
squirming on the floor in pain, with some noticeable red marks across the sides
of her legs where the belt had reached.  She was sniffling, although she wasn't
crying, and that too impressed Bubba.  She was a fighter, but he was going to
have so much fun testing her resolve.

"My oh my Jenny girl.  You're a mess!  Look at your skin!  You're covered in
sweat.  We need to get you cleaned up big time."  Picking her up around the
waist, Bubba carried her into the swimming pool area.  No resistance at all,
thought Bubba; she was certainly too hot and tired to put up a struggle.  Bubba
placed her down onto the tiled floor at the side of the pool.  Taking her left
wrist in one hand, and her left ankle in another hand, Bubba picked her up and
began twirling her in pivoting circles, giving Jennifer an airplane ride.  With
great aim and greater force, Bubba flung her over 10 feet into the air over the
pool and she sunk down with a loud splash.  Laughing heartily, Bubba watched as
Jennifer surfaced, gasping and coughing for air, dog paddling to the far side of
the pool, and finally climbing out.  Bubba followed her over and gave her an
insincere apology as he laughed so hard, he could barely speak.

"Oh Jenny girl, don't be mad at me!  I was just trying to cool you down a
little."  When Bubba thought he heard her mutter something like 'son of a bitch'
under her panting breath, he grabbed her angrily by her arm and pulled her
towards the gym's kitchen.  Sensing that he was planning something not so good,
Jennifer began begging for forgiveness, saying over and over again that she was
sorry and promised that she would be good.

"Not good enough you fucking slut!  I was just trying to help you cool down
bitch, but I can tell you aint cool enough yet.  This oughta help some!" 
Jennifer watched in horror as Bubba yanked her tiny body over to a large freezer
in the far corner of the kitchen.  Opening the freezer door up, Bubba pulled out
two popsicle molds that he had filled with water earlier in the morning.  They
were almost solid; two five inch long, inch thick tiny ice-dildoes, made just
for her.  Jennifer instantly realized what Bubba was planning to do to her, and
she started begging him over and over not to hurt her.  Bubba laid her down onto
her back on the floor, sitting on her chest so that he could pull her legs
backwards, exposing her nicely spread open crotch, covered by her sweaty sticky
leotard.  Taking the first ice dildo out of its plastic case, Bubba winced as he
could barely hold it comfortably in his fingers, it was so unbelievably cold. 
Jennifer continued to howl underneath him as Bubba pulled the stretchy material
of her leotard away from her crotch, exposing her tiny little pussy and asshole
underneath.  Grinning from ear to ear, Bubba rubbed the tip of the icy dildo all
around her steamy pussy lips, making her yelp out in shivering pain.  Prying
open her outer labia with his fingers, Bubba unceremoniously shoved the entire
length of the freezing dildo into her pussy until it disappeared, her lips
clamping it shut inside her.  Jennifer began squirming around like crazy, as
Bubba imagined that her poor tender sensitive insides must be cold chilling! 
Working quickly, Bubba took the second ice dildo and poked it against her tiny
little asshole.  Jennifer's entire pubic region began breaking out in tiny
little goosebumps as the ice began to do its magic inside her pussy.  Serves the
bitch right for thinking she was such hot shit, thought Bubba.  He wanted to see
just how hot her shit really was!  And with that, Bubba rammed the second dildo
inside her tiny, unlubricated asshole, until it too disappeared from view. 
Snapping the leotard back into position, Bubba let Jennifer go, watching as she
cutely hopped around in little circles, holding her front and back, yelping from
how cold the ice was inside her!  Bubba broke out into more laughter!

"Shit girl!!  You aint such a hot ass any more are ya!  HA HA HA!!"  Bubba loved
watching her as she started to swear.  "You son of a bitch!!!  It hurts!!  It's
too fucking cold!!! NOOOOOO!!!!!" cried Jennifer as she bounced around
helplessly, feeling the cold burning sensations of the ice sinking through the
inside lining of her two sexy cavities, an itch she couldn't stop.  "Here bitch. 
I'll help warm you up now...inside and out!" said Bubba as he again dragged her
kicking screaming body through the gym, this time to the jacuzzi.  He dumped her
body into the steamy hot water, explaining that it would help melt the frozen
popsicles working deep inside her.  Jennifer shivered with anger and pain as the
hot water burned her skin on the outside while the ice began melting in her
churning insides.  Bubba loved it.  As she closed her eyes and just sat there,
not daring to move, Bubba quietly stood behind her, and grabbed a large empty
water jug that sat on a table next to the pool.  Holding it under his huge black
cock, Bubba began quietly pissing into it, amazed at how much he was able to
fill...it must have been at least a liter if not more!  As he finished urinating
into the jug, he could smell the fumes from his hot steamy piss rising upwards
to his nostrils, definitely not a pleasant smell.  I'm glad I don't have to
drink this down, thought Bubba to himself.

Kneeling down beside the jacuzzi where Jennifer still sat, motionless,
exhausted, numbed, Bubba tapped her on the shoulder, causing her to jump a mile,
breathing heavily, totally afraid of anything he might do to her.  "Listen slut. 
I think you've earned yourself a little nap time.  That is, unless you piss me
off right now.  I am going to give you a choice, because that is just the kind
of nice prick that I am.  Ok?" Bubba asked Jennifer, who quickly nodded, wanting
a nap and a break from her torture so much she would have done almost anything
for it.  Well, it was the anything part that Bubba wanted to find out about.

"You're going to get to go home after today.  Right?" asked Bubba.  Jennifer's
eyes opened, and she started to pay more attention to him, as his sign of hope
peaked her interest for the moment.  Maybe she was going to be free soon after
all!  Poor Jennifer, thought Bubba, here he had her believing that freedom was
near, when in actuality, her nightmare was only beginning.

"Now," continued Bubba, "you've been doing great so far, but I have a few more
things that I want you to do for me.  If you do this next thing, and you do it
well, you have earned a nice long break.  In fact, I'll give you two hours off
to rest.  If you don't do this next thing for me, well, let's just put it this
way Jenny girl...you're fucked."

"I'll do it!!  I promise you I'll be good!" replied Jennifer eagerly.  Bubba
smiled deviously, wondering if she would be so eager in about ten seconds from
now.

"Hold this." said Bubba as he gave her the water jug.  Innocently, Jennifer
reached out and took the jug from him.  "This is your breakfast juice bitch. 
Drink this, and it's rest time for ya.  Choose not to, and well, you're not
going to like it."

Confused, Jennifer looked into the water jug, and as soon as the wafting smell
of his acrid urine hit her nasal passages, she realized what this black monster
wanted her to do.  It was his pee and he wanted her to drink it!!!  Jennifer
started to drop the water jug, but Bubba was able to catch it before a single
drop was spilled, and he placed it safely on the tiles next to the jacuzzi.

"That does it bitch.  You obviously don't want to drink the nice juice I just
made for you, so it's punishment time for you.  But since I'm such a nice
mothafucka, I'm going to give you a small sampling of what you might get, and
then another chance at gulping down that nice piss!  Come on Jenny!"  Bubba
yanked her out of the jacuzzi by her pony tail and pulled her along by a nipple
back to the main gym area.  Duct taping her hands together behind her back,
Bubba listened again as Jennifer began asking questions, wanting to know what he
was going to do to her.  He reached into his duffle bag and pulled out the five
by two inch butt plug, and the huge inflatable dildo.  Jennifer's eyes grew as
wide as saucers as she looked at those two horrible sex toys, realizing that he
was planning on using them on her, here and now!

"Oh my God!!! You can't put those in me, you'll kill me!" wailed Jennifer in
fear as she stared helplessly as Bubba held them in front of her.  "This bitch,
is a butt plug.  Imagine this nice fat piece of plastic getting rammed up your
shit tube.  Two inches is pretty big for a small tight little asshole like yours
Jenny, I don't think you're going to like it.  Allow me to demonstrate for ya!"

Bubba secured Jennifer onto her back by tying her down and spreading her legs
wide open.  She was now restrained on her back, and could only wiggle and squirm
a little bit, as she watched as Bubba knelt between her open legs.  Lifting
aside her leotard crotch band, Bubba began rubbing the tip of the butt plug
against her still shivering pussy, much to the begging of Jennifer not to do so. 
Jamming a large thick finger inside her vagina, Bubba felt the cool water from
the now thoroughly melted ice dildo swirl around his finger.  The inner walls of
her pussy were cool to the touch, the dildo had done its job and had melted
completely away.  Jennifer cried out as Bubba's finger was such a horrible
invasion inside of her.  She hated him for doing this to her body against her
will, it was so wrong and unfair!!  Yanking his finger out, Bubba began pushing
the butt plug against her pussy lips, admiring the way her taut elastic flesh
sucked at it like a hungry mouth.  Fuck she was hot, thought Bubba, as his huge
black cock began growing larger and larger.  Jennifer didn't notice as she was
too busy dealing with the dilating of her tight little pussy.

"Calm down whore!  The dildo I shoved in there last night was way bigger than
this tiny little butt plug!  Chill babe!" shouted Bubba as he finally forced the
entire butt plug inside her, watching with arousal as the thickest part of it
passed through her tiny vaginal opening, and it began to disappear from sight,
save for the easy to access handle which stuck out, preventing the plug from
being lost in any orifice that it might find itself placed inside.  And man, was
that butt plug ever lucky, thought Bubba as he yanked it a little, enjoying
hearing Jennifer scream that she was too full and that it hurt when he pulled on
the end of it.  Her pussy was so sore and swollen from being abused last night
from the larger dildo Bubba had shoved into it, that every little movement of
the plug in her felt enormous.  She winced and bit her lip as Bubba tugged it so
hard, the plug popped free from her hole, causing her vagina to gape lewdly open
for a split second before clamping shut again.  Bubba's cock was rock hard now
as he pushed the butt plug back inside her tight little pussy before ripping it
out again, causing her hole to expand and retract a full two inches in less than
a second.

"This-is-what-you-get-for-not-drinking-my-piss-like-a-good-little-slut-when-I-to
ld-you-to!" said Bubba sternly as he repeated the process twenty more times, one
in and out movement with each word of his sentence, as Jennifer could only lay
back and helplessly scream out in pain from her poor little cunt being so
savagely opened and closed by the plug.  By the time he was done, her little
pussy hold could be seen gaping open about the size of an oval penny.  Jennifer
was beside herself in pain, both physical and emotional, as she couldn't believe
that anyone could ever be toying with her private parts so graphically and
horribly.

"Oh my god, you're ruining my pussy!!" Jennifer cried out as she tried to wiggle
her hips as if to alleviate some of the pain running through her body.  Bubba
let the leotard material snap back against her pussy again, while he held the
butt plug against Jennifer's mouth.  Without even having to be asked, Jennifer
immediately began to lick off her sticky, slimy juices with her tongue and lips,
fearing that if she didn't, he would shove the butt plug back inside her, and
she didn't want to make him any angrier than he already was.  Bubba was
impressed at her slutty submissiveness.

"Atta girl.  You suck that plug off bitch, it's covered in slut juice!  If you
continue to be good, you won't get this...." said Bubba as he reached for the
inflatable dildo.  Holding it about six inches in front of Jennifer's face, he
watched as her eyes studied the penis shaped toy.  Currently, it was small, only
about six inches long and an inch and a half thick, but once Bubba started to
pump the little bulb attached to the penis by a long tube, Jennifer watched in
horror as the penis began to grow to a ridiculous ten inches long and three and
a half inches wide!  Jennifer was horrified that a sex toy could even be made to
be that big, it was monstrous!  What woman would ever want to take something
that big inside of her!

"Oh no!!!  I don't want that!!  I'll drink your pee!  Just don't put that thing
in me!  Please, I'm begging you!" begged Jennifer, as Bubba grinned.  Here was
this little white slut begging to drink his piss.  He was a better athletic
trainer than he thought!  And it was only 10:30 AM!

"Ok slut.  Since you want it so bad, I'll be right back with my piss.  Of
course, it might be a little colder by now, but I'm sure after all this, you'll
be used to any temperature."  Bubba stood up and grabbed the water jug full of
his yellow piss back to the gym, and Jennifer's heart sank, knowing she was
going to have to drink it.  Licking his asshole was disgusting enough, but
having to drink and swallow his piss?  It was awful!

Bubba untied her upper body, but kept her legs spread and tied open.  Jennifer
was able to sit up, trembling and shivering as Bubba handed the heavy jug over
to her.  "Now you fucking little cunt, I want you to take a big sip, swallow,
then I want you to smile at me and tell me that you love drinking my piss
because it's yummy in your tummy.  If you ever stop smiling at ANY TIME, or if
you don't drink all of my piss, I am going to cram the butt plug back up your
slutty cunt and you'll be having your nap time with it inside you.  If you stop
again, you'll still get your nap time, but with an extra punishment.  Three
times...well Jenny girl....like the saying goes...it is really going to suck to
be you!" warned Bubba.  Jennifer took a big gulp, and nodded her head
understandingly.  Oh my God, thought Bubba, the slut is actually going to go
through with this!  Why in the hell did he not bring a video camera with
him...this would be a memory that should be recorded on tape for all time...a
tiny white slut willingly drinking the piss of a huge black man, while smiling
and telling him how much she loves it!

Shaking, Bubba watched as Jennifer raised the jug to her lips and took a first
sip...just a little one, but she did swallow, and kept her plastered-on phony
smile while she said aloud: "I love drinking your piss because it's yummy in my
tummy."  How adorable thought Bubba!  It was so cute!  This little girl smiling
and having some piss cocktail for breakfast.  He didn't know how much longer he
was going to be able to hold out before raping the shit out of his slutty little
slave, but for now, this was a great show.

The next sip was a little smaller as Jennifer could barely stomach to get any
more urine to trickle across all the taste buds over her tongue, and down her
throat where it pooled inside her stomach.  But as promised, she kept that
adorable smile on her face while announcing again: "I love drinking your piss
because it's yummy in my tummy."  Bubba was impressed with her smile and speech,
but not with her pace.

"Hey, start gulping it down in bigger gulps or you'll get your first
punishment!" warned Bubba as Jennifer nodded in repulsion.  The next sip was
bigger, granted, but it still wasn't the good chug that Bubba wanted it to be. 
At this rate, they'd be here until lunch time, and she still would have a ways
to go.  Not good enough.  Bubba wanted the whole jug of his piss inside her
stomach now!

"Ok bitch, that's it.  Punishment time!" said Bubba as he started to walk away. 
Jennifer shouted out eagerly that she was sorry and that she would start to
drink it faster, but she knew it was too late.  Bubba returned with the jar of
tobasco sauce, a can of hot cayenne pepper, and a piece of sandpaper.  Jennifer
watched in horror as Bubba began to sandpaper her already sensitive nipples!!

"Nooooo!!!! What the fuck are you doing!!!! Stop it!!!!" yelled Jennifer as
Bubba turned her pointy, swollen, bruised nipples a bright red.  They weren't
bleeding, but the outer layer of skin had been scratched off by the rough
sandpaper, and were practically glowing!  As Jennifer continued to plead and beg
anxiously, Bubba then rubbed some tobasco sauce into them.  Instantly, Jennifer
screamed in severe pain as the searing heat began internalizing deeply into her
nipples, making them feel like someone had set them on fire!!  When Bubba added
the cayenne pepper to her nips, the pain intensified even more, causing Jennifer
to scream louder!

"Shut the fuck up now or I'll do the same to your cunt!" yelled Bubba, which
resulted in an instant silence from Jennifer.  She knew he meant it!  Whimpering
and moaning, making little mmmmming sounds, Jennifer shifted her little butt on
the gymnastics mat, somehow trying to curb the burning of her poor tender red
nipples, but Bubba simply handed the jug back to her.

"The burning stops once you finish this piss bitch!" said Bubba as he held a
tube of some soothing aloe vera gel in his hands.  "This will make it feel a
little better for you, but not until you get some of that piss down!  Now DRINK
UP!!"

Jennifer wanted to absolutely throw the jug of piss all over Bubba's face, she
hated him so much!  But instead, the cute little smile returned, and she
continued to take sips, this time, much larger sips, of Bubba's piss into her
tummy, gulp by gulp, while making her forced statement in between.  Bubba was
really enjoying himself now, watching as her tiny little gymnast's belly became
fuller and fuller of his disgusting piss.

When she was about three quarters of the way done, Jennifer began to slow her
pace again, feeling that her tummy was becoming totally full, and the thought
that it was his piss causing it, made her want to throw up.  Bubba picked up the
tobasco sauce bottle and warned Jennifer that he would have no problem lubing up
the butt plug and the inflatable dildo with the sauce and cramming them up her
hot little holes.  Jennifer quickly finished up the last of Bubba's piss, with
that bit of added incentive.  She looked like she was going to turn yellow
herself, as she dropped the jug and sat motionless, ashamed and humiliated by
what she had to do.

"Atta girl, I'm so proud of you Jenny dear." said Bubba kindly as he allowed her
to clean off her fiery nipples with the aloe vera gel, bringing a slight relief
in the burning pain that would still last for several hours.  "You've earned a
nice little nap.  And then it's time for some more exercise and some more
gymnastics.  Isn't this fun!" said Bubba.  Jennifer nodded yes.  Bubba loved her
compliancy.  He knew that it was much better to give your victim some false hope
at the start, to make things so much easier at first.  You could always shatter
their illusions later, but for now, this worked.  As long as Jennifer believed
that he wouldn't rape her, he could get away with murder.  Drinking a whole jug
of his piss, licking his asshole, this was fantastic!  Bubba's mind reeled with
so many other possibilities while he watched as Jennifer instantly began to fall
asleep on the mat, as tired and exhausted as she was.  Bubba's eyes traveled
over her sweet little body, just begging to be tortured in more devious ways. 
Oh well, for now, Bubba decided to give her the two hour nap she had earned.  In
the meantime, thought Bubba, I wonder if Drake still had that horny-humping
Great Dane as a pet............




Part 3

The Madison family was full of worry.  It had been around 8:30 PM the previous
night when anyone had last heard from Jennifer.  Several police officers were at
the Madison household, asking questions, and beginning the investigation that
had been reported around midnight when Jennifer failed to return home and the
police were notified.

Jennifer's parents were in the kitchen, answering several questions from two
police detectives.  They had both decided to take their days off from work,
tired and worried after staying up all night, trying to call anyone and everyone
who knew Jennifer, and who might have any idea as to her whereabouts.  In the
Madison living room, another series of questions was being asked and answered.

Katie Nelson, Jennifer's best friend in the whole world, was busy answering
questions from two other detectives.  Her boyfriend Matt sat by her side,
holding her hand, noticing how much Katie was trembling as she talked about the
two hours she and Jennifer had spent together yesterday night, before Jennifer
had headed over to the gymnasium to do her gymnastics, as she always had three
or four days a week.

Katie and Matt were all-American kids.  Both aged 19, they were in their second
year of university, taking a lot of the same classes as Jennifer.  They had been
good friends of Jennifer's for years, since elementary school.  In fact, it was
Jennifer's matchmaking which helped bring the two of them together in high
school, and they had been an item ever since.  Katie had been instantly
attracted to Matt's boyish good looks.  Matt was about 6 feet tall, with blonde
hair and blue eyes, trademarks passed down to him from his Swedish/Icelandic
ancestors.  He was in excellent shape, making him the perfect candidate for one
of the starting wide receivers for the University's football team.

Matching his good looks and excellent physical condition, Katie too was
extremely attractive.  Her slim 5 foot 4, 120 pound body was in great shape, as
she and Jennifer had exercised together for years, challenging each other to
keep their bodies in the tip-top shape they were in.  Her blonde hair was in a
sharp contrast to Jennifer's brown hair, but their attitudes were very
similar....rather snotty with people they didn't care anything about, but very
good to each other. Matt encouraged Katie to continue answering questions from
the detectives.

Outside in the yard, Jennifer's 21 year old brother Jason Madison was sitting on
a lawn chair discussing the entire situation with his girlfriend Erica, his best
friend Brandon, and Jennifer's ex-boyfriend Stu.  Jason and Brandon had also
been best friends for years.  They would do anything for each other, and Brandon
promised Jason that he would do anything to help locate his sister.  Erica sat
in between Jason's legs, resting her elbows on his knees, teaming up to help the
two men toss some ideas around.  Even Stu, Jennifer's ex-boyfriend of only four
months ago, was there, offering his assistance.

Stu had dumped Jennifer four months ago after they had dated for almost a year,
when they were both freshmen at the University.  Jennifer had immediately caught
Stu's eye, as well as every other male in the freshmen class, but Stu was one of
the first to make his move.  Dating Jennifer was no easy task, as her snottiness
and arrogance was hard to tolerate at times, but Stu held out, knowing that when
he was finally able to get into Jennifer's pants, it would be well worth the
abuse he had to take in the relationship.  The problem was that Jennifer
continuously resisted his advances, time and time again.  It would drive Stu
crazy.  They would be laying on the sofa in his dorm room, passionately making
out, with Jennifer running her hands all over his bulging crotch, but just
before Stu could get to open them up, she would stop him, telling him that he
would have to wait.  Over and over, Stu heard the same story.  She didn't even
let him eat her out, not even once.  He did have two fingers inside of her on
numerous occasions, but that was as far as Jennifer would let him go, and he
would end up having to lick the juices off of his fingers when she turned her
head to put her shirt and pants back on.  It drove him absolutely wild, and
finally, he ended up dumping her, not wanting to cheat on her, and not wanting
to wait any longer for the prize.  Stu was rather miffed when Jennifer took the
break up almost too easily, saying that it was for the best, but that they would
always be good friends.  Stu felt as though she had been leading him on for the
entire year they had dated, and that she never had any intentions at all of
letting him sleep with her.  And he had forked over a lot of cash from his
wallet and credit cards on Jennifer's exorbant spending patterns.  It drove Stu
wild, and following the breakup, he went on a three month sex binge, sucking and
fucking any female that would open her legs for him.  Luckily, Stu had the looks
to always draw them in, and he felt better about the whole thing.  He really
didn't hate Jennifer, but he certainly cared enough to be here for Jason, who
had been a good friend to him in the past year, while he dated his sister.

Jennifer and Jason's little 15 year old sister Phoebe Madison joined the
foursome, curious about the whole incident, and about what her older brother and
his friends were discussing.  Phoebe was a bright inquisitive teenager, with a
good heart and possessing an energetic precociousness that surrounded her.  When
she spoke, people sometimes forgot they were talking to a child and not an
adult.  Phoebe was very intelligent, and had the mind of a young budding
detective.  Jason used to tell people that Phoebe came right out of Salinger's
Catcher in the Rye.  Phoebe listened in carefully to the conversation.

"Man, I tell you, there's got to be something Katie can remember about last
night.", thought Jason aloud.  "She was the last person to see Jennifer around,
maybe she noticed something, anything."

"I hope you're right.  If Katie knows anything, at least it gives us somewhere
to start from," replied Brandon.  "I feel as helpless as you do Jay, it's like
we're just sitting around waiting, it's driving me crazy."

Jason nodded, worried to death about his younger sister.  The worst thoughts
were going through his mind, but privately he hoped that there would be a
reasonable explanation to her disappearance when the truth finally came out. 
Although, he was having a tough time coming up with any reason at all that 19
year old Jennifer wouldn't have come home without calling or leaving a message.

Suddenly, Phoebe spoke out, causing all four heads to turn her way.  "I think we
should go to the University and investigate the places that Jen was at last
night because maybe we could find a clue or something."  Brandon smiled and
rubbed Phoebe's head..."Thanks for your help Nancy Drew, it's good to have you
on the case."  Jason, Erica and Stu smiled, but Phoebe did not like feeling as
though she was being talked down to or being treated condescendingly.  "I'm not
joking Brandon." was her reply.

"Hey look," interrupted Brandon, "Here comes Katie and Matt."  Everyone stood up
and approached the two of them, noticing that Katie was wiping tears from her
eyes, being held supportively by Matt.

"Jason, I'm so so sorry!  I wish I knew more, I wish I could say something that
would help!" cried Katie as Matt continued to hold her.

"Katie, this is NOT your fault." consoled Jason.  "You didn't do anything wrong. 
All we know is that Jen disappeared sometime after she left you at campus, and
we need to find out where she might have gone, or who she might have gone to
see."

Matt shook his head, as he held his girlfriend tightly. "The police want us to
return to campus with them to go over some of the places that Jen and Katie hung
out at.  We're going there right now, do you want to come?"

"Heck ya, I totally want to go.  I wanted to stay here and call up some of Jen's
friends but I'd rather go with you two." replied Jason.

Erica stood up and said "Jason, why don't you go with Matt and Katie to the
University, and I'll stay here with Brandon and Stu, and maybe we can call up
those names that you have on your list.  You'll probably be more valuable over
there anyway, and if we come up with something or need you, we'll just call your
cell."

Jason smiled at Erica.  Not only was she incredibly attractive, with her
shoulder length brown hair, her blue eyes, her tall 5 foot 8 stature, and her
curvaceous body, but she had a heart of gold.  He loved her so much, for her
strength, her support and her love.  "Thanks Erica, you're the best.  Ok Matt,
Katie, I'll come with you." replied Jason.  Phoebe jumped up with excitement at
the chance to do some detective work.

"Jason!!!!  I want to come too!!!!" said Phoebe excitedly as she leapt up to his
side, eager to do anything she could to help find her big sister.  "Ok squirt,
come on." said Jason as he kissed Erica good bye.  Erica, Brandon and Stu went
back into the house to start the phone calling while Jason and Phoebe hopped
into the backseat of Matt's car, and Matt drove them off to the University
campus.

*****

Meanwhile, back at Charlie's Gym, Bubba smiled as he prepared to wake his tiny
sleeping beauty, laying so peacefully on the gymnastics floor mat.  Bubba walked
over to Jennifer's quiet body, making no noises but a steady in and out
breathing noise.  Man she must be exhausted, thought Bubba.  Just watching that
strenuous exercise made him tired.  Oh well, he was ready to watch some more,
although he was quite sure his little victim would not be feeling quite as
enthusiastic.

"Yo girl!  Jenny girl!!  Wake up wake up wake up!  Up you wake up you wake up
you wake!" shouted Bubba in a loud booming voice.  Instantly Jennifer sat to
attention, like some disciplined Marine private rising to the sound of a bugle
call.  It took her a few milliseconds to register exactly where she was, but
when she saw the large menacing black body above her, well, like Celine Dion
crooned, it was all coming back to her.

"Oh God, please, no more!!!" begged Jennifer as she looked up at Bubba with a
set of sad, pleading eyes.  Bubba smiled as he knelt down on one knee next to
her, watching her tremble and flinch with every movement of his body.  He loved
the feeling of incredible power.

"Good morning sunshine!  Did ya have a good nap?  Ready for some exercise?  Ha
ha ha!" taunted Bubba as he helped her stand to her feet.  Instantly, Jennifer
reached down to her stomach.

"Oh God I have to pee so badly...please!!" she stammered as she stepped from one
foot to another.  Bubba chuckled to himself and replied..."Dontcha mean, that
ol' Bubba has to pee so badly?  After all, that is my piss flowing through ya
girl.  So technically it's me that has to pee.  I thought you was a college
girl?  Didntcha take any sciences yet Jenny?"

Jennifer stared back at him with a flash of hatred, ready to give him a piece of
her mind.  But of course, she didn't dare say anything, not wanting any more
punishments.  Unfortunately for her, it was the look on her face that gave her
thoughts away.  Angrily, Bubba grabbed her by one of her still tender nipples
and began to pull her after him as he started to walk away.  Jennifer howled in
pain, as she clenched his wrist with both hands in a futile effort to dislodge
his fingers from her sore, swollen nipple, but to no avail.

"Please, I can't take the hurting anymore!!!  It hurts...please!!!" begged
Jennifer as Bubba led her into the shower room area after grabbing her duffle
bag.  Bubba let go of her nipple finally, causing her to pull her hands to her
chest, to somehow alleviate the horrible statements of pain that her nipple was
sending to her brain.  Bubba tossed the pair of white cotton panties that
Jennifer had been wearing before she had ever changed into her green leotard at
the University.  The panties bounced off of Jennifer, and fell to the floor. 
Confused, Jennifer looked down at the panties, then back up at Bubba.

"Go on girl, take off that gym outfit and put those panties on now!!  You're
gonna get punished for acting like such a bitch.  I didn't like that face you
gave me back there girl.  Haven't you learned your lesson yet??  It's your
bitchy attitude that got your ass into this situation in the first place!"

Without any argument or resistance, Jennifer sadly picked up the pair of panties
from the floor, knowing that it would be pointless to argue against his
decision.  Once the panties were in her hands, Jennifer expected Bubba to leave
the room, or at least turn around while she took off her leotard.  "Well?" 
Jennifer asked innocently.

Bubba couldn't believe it!!  Was she actually waiting for him to leave the room
before following his orders?  "Excuse me Jenny girl, I gave you an order.  Take
that gym shit off your body RIGHT NOW and get those panties ON!  This aint no
time for modesty!  I've already seen everything you have to offer, there aint no
surprises left.  So hop to it!" said Bubba sternly, as Jennifer angrily started
to pull the straps of the outfit off of her shoulders, and pulled it down to her
waist.  Bubba noticed that she seemed to have a tough time with the next step of
pulling her leotard all the way down to the floor and stepping out of them. 
However, Jennifer did just that, and Bubba watched in awe as she revealed her
entire naked body to him, in its full glory.  Man oh man, thought Bubba, that
was definitely not the body of a 19 year old, it was teenager nookie pure and
simple.  Jennifer was underdeveloped, and he loved the petite figure that stood
before him, now quickly dressed in panties, as Jennifer had quickly put them on,
not wanting him to stare at her nakedness any longer than he had to.  She
noticed the bulging in his pants, and didn't want to do anything to take his
mind off of the promise he had made her about not raping her.

"Ok girl, you wanted to piss?  You're gonna get to piss.  Step into that
shower."  Jennifer was confused as Bubba pushed her into a small shower that had
three walls and one curtain covering the entrance, which Bubba had torn off. 
The entire showering area was only about four feet by four feet.  With Bubba's
huge body standing in the entrance, Jennifer was most certainly trapped.

"I...I thought you said I could go to the bathroom?" said Jennifer in a childish
like manner that only served to intensify Bubba's lust.  Bubba laughed.  "Yes,
you can go girl.  I'll letcha."

Jennifer stood there, without any clue as to what Bubba was talking about.  All
she knew was that her bladder was aching to explode, full of his pee that she
was dying to rid herself of.  "But, I have panties on!  I have to take them
off!"

"Still arguing eh bitch?  Well argue about this!" said Bubba as he lunged
forward with his fingers, rolling Jennifer's nipples into hard little nubs by
painfully twisting them in both directions like he was madly searching for his
favorite radio program on two different radios.  Jennifer screamed and moaned as
her nipples became filled and pointy against her will, and then she gasped for
air as Bubba placed the two nipple clamps on her, one for each nipple. 
Unfortunately for her, she temporarily lost it.

"Fuck you son of a bitch!!!" Jennifer managed to get out before the censorship
neurons in her head fired up, protecting her id from saying anything else that
would get her in even more trouble.  Bubba smiled a big white toothy grin as he
heard those words.

"You're in a whole lotta fuckin' trouble now Jenny girl.  I'd piss your panties
now like I've been telling you to do for the past five minutes." said Bubba
surprisingly and calmly.  Knowing she had zero options at this moment, she
picked the one she needed to pick.  A stream of pee began flowing from her tiny
pee hole into her panties, soaking and staining the material with urine, and
spurting out from between the waist bands, running down her legs, and into the
shower drainage hole below her.  It was incredibly humiliating for Jennifer as
she felt the hot urine running down her legs, and her panties becoming
completely soaked.  Bubba smiled, knowing that most of the urine coming out of
her was his.  He thought of her as his little coffee filter and chuckled.  When
she was finished, Bubba then told her to remove the panties.  Jennifer complied
immediately, wanting those sticky things off of her.  Bubba took them carefully
from her by holding the waist band, one of the few places where the urine had
not soaked through the cotton material.

"Now, since you keep having these verbal outbursts Jenny, I'm gonna have to plug
a couple of holes, and we'll start with this one." said Bubba as he lunged
forward and pulled her ponytail back, and began to cram the urine soaked panties
into her mouth.  Jennifer tried to resist but it was a hopeless battle, and
eventually, the panties were completely inside her mouth, her urine and Bubba's
urine soaking over her tongue, trickling down her throat, pooling in between her
teeth, and reaching every little cell inside her entire cheek cavity.  The taste
was horrible and Jennifer was forced to relive her urine-tasting again, this
time, no matter how hard she tried, the taste was there.

"Now Jenny, you're a mess, sweat, piss, pussy juices, you need a shower girl."
said Bubba as he undid her ponytail.  Despite the severe pain emanating from her
nipples, Jennifer reached forward to turn on the water, just wanting to feel
clean again somehow, but Bubba stopped her.  "Don't you be worrying about that,
ol Bubba here will be on temperature control.  You just be worrying about
soapin' up and shampooing." said Bubba as he turned the water on to a nice warm
setting.  The cascading water coming from the shower was set to a rather high
pressure, but the warmth and cleanness of it actually made Jennifer feel good. 
She reached over to get the big bar of deodorant soap laying on the soap holder,
and began to lather up her hands and her skin.  It felt wonderful to have her
odors washed away down the drain....it almost felt too wonderful, thought
Jennifer, just knowing there had to be a catch.  And of course, there was.

She noticed the water temperature starting to drop, becoming cooler and cooler. 
She turned her head towards Bubba who was slowly turning the shower level
towards C, with a big smile on his face.  "Don't stop now girl, you got a lotta
cleanin' to do.  That is, unless you want ol Bubba to do it for you?  I've got a
tool here in my pants that's great for cleaning those hard to reach places like
those deep folds in your pussy and your asshole.  Wanna try it?"

Instantly, and despite the cooling water, Jennifer resumed her lathering at an
increased velocity.  It wasn't easy as she began to shiver and little goosebumps
started to pop up and down her flesh as the water was now moving just past the
zone of comfortablility.  Now it was just getting colder and colder.  The little
mmmmm sounds coming from Jennifer's mouth as she was pleading with Bubba not to
drop the temperature anymore was music to Bubba's ears.

"What's that??  You don't like it so cold?" mocked Bubba.  Jennifer replied by
shaking her head no, her matted hair clinging seductively to her cheek.  She
looked so erotic like this, her nipple clamps tugging down on her swollen
nipples with every movement, her panties crammed into her mouth, and cold water
dripping down her goosebumpy body, that Bubba decided he was going to finally
have to rape her tonight.  She had caused the sperm production in his balls to
quadruple, and he knew he would have a huge load built up to dump anywhere on or
in this tight nubile body that he wanted.  And he knew he just couldn't wait. 
After all...who or what could stop him?

Bubba started to turn the water ever so slowly back to the H direction, and
Jennifer continued her soaping.  However, Bubba now didn't stop at the nice warm
level that Jennifer wanted....he was turning it hotter and hotter!  Again,
Jennifer noticed the severe temperatures approaching and again ,she turned to
Bubba.  Trying to escape the now uncomfortable hot water that was pounding her
skin from the shower head above, she tried to move towards Bubba, who of course
was not in the line of fire.

"Hey get back there girl!" shouted Bubba as he pushed her back, but she kept
coming towards him, the pain sensors in her mind telling her to leave now! 
Bubba was pissed off, so he pulled out the inflatable dildo and held it up....it
was like magic!  Jennifer's mind made a quick choice of the lesser of the two
evils, and she backed up, back into the now hot stream of water, steam emanating
from the shower stall everywhere, and Bubba smiled again.

"Looks like you don't like my toys Jenny.  That's ok, you made your choice.  But
step outta that water one more time and this thing is going places, got it?"
laughed Bubba as she stood under the hot water that was just hot enough to send
pain sensors in her brain firing off, but not hot enough to burn her.  Her skin
was turning a bright red, Bubba noticed.  "Shampoo time!!  Get that shampoo out,
I want some nice silky clean hair on your head."

Jennifer reached for the shampoo and dumped a glob onto her hand, then proceeded
to massage it through her hair.  "Ok bitch, you didn't like the hot water, lets
try the cold again." said Bubba.  This time, he had no plans for gradual
decelerations, rather, he simply turned the shower dial ALL the way to C in one
millisecond.

Jennifer straightened out her body and let out a loud mmmmmmmm as she instantly
froze as though she had been paralyzed.  The ice cold water was hitting her hot
skin at full force.  Jennifer knew the consequences of moving from that spot and
it required every ounce of strength and energy to simply stand there and
tolerate the icy water that was making her life a living, if rather frozen,
hell.  She just had to avoid anything else put into her pussy, it was still too
sore to take anything, so she willed herself to take the water.

"Come on girl, the longer it takes to shampoo the hair, the longer you'll have
to go through this..." and on the word "this", Bubba cranked the water back to
the H level, not all the way, but just to the level where he knew it wouldn't
burn her.  Again, Jennifer's body was forced to cope with the sudden and violent
change in temperatures.  Finishing her shampooing was not a pleasant task as
Bubba forced the water to each extreme about 10 more times before he finally
pulled her soapy clean body out.

"Get back into that leotard girl.  It's gymnastics time again, and then we're
going to have a very special lunch!  Let's move it!" ordered Bubba, as Jennifer
put on her green leotard again, wishing it was as clean and fresh smelling as
she was.  Once on, Bubba removed the nipple clamps and had her replace her hair
into the scrunchie.

He then led her back into the training room where he had her hop up onto the
balance beam, straddling it as though she were riding a horse.  Bubba noticed
that her legs were not long enough to touch the floor, and that she was using
her hands to keep from having her entire weight placed against her crotch.  That
gave Bubba an idea.  He placed several phone books on each side of the beam so
Jennifer could stand on them while sitting on it.  Jennifer's heart was beating
faster, not knowing what was planning on doing.  Bubba then instructed Jennifer
to hold her arms straight out to the sides.  He placed one hoop over each wrist
and told her to swing them in big circles.  Jennifer immediately did as he
commanded, and Bubba admired the strength and youthful energy her tiny body
possessed.  After a few minutes, Bubba noticed that her arms were tiring, so he
decided to give her some more incentive.  He returned with the huge power
vibrator, the one that he could barely touch in his fingers when it was turned
on, and he ordered her to stand up a little.  He laid the vibrator on top of the
beam, just under her crotch, and then turned it on.  The vibrator instantly
bounced off the beam like it was a toy and fell to the floor, humming away
violently.

"Hey girl, you keep that toy ON the balance beam with your crotch, got it??"
commanded Bubba as he turned the crazy thing off just so he could hold it again. 
He placed it back on the beam in the off position and had Jennifer settle her
crotch down onto it.  Once it was held firmly to the beam by Jennifer's
delicious underparts, Bubba turned it on again.  Jennifer's knees shot up like
she was on fire as the buzzing was simply too much for her to stand.  Angrily,
Bubba grabbed the long metallic flexible ruler that he had purchased from the
grocery store, and whipped her nicely rounded ass cheeks with it!!!

Jennifer groaned in pain through her asscheeks, and Bubba was forced to again
turn off the dildo, and pick it up off the floor again.  "Hmmm, we'll have to
keep this thing there somehow." thought Bubba outloud as he decided on how to
accomplish his task.  Having Jennifer continue to stand, he placed the vibrator
inside her crotch band, so that it was making direct contact with Jennifer's
little pussy lips.  The band kept it in place, a little sideways, but still
basically front to back, parallel to the balance beam.  He then had Jennifer
place her weight down again, so that she was sitting on it.  Once seated, Bubba
removed enough phone books to have her planted firmly on the vibrator with no
way to stand up.  It rolled her back and forth a little but the phone books were
still in place to allow her to use her feet to keep the balance, yet it would be
impossible for her to dislodge her crotch from its firm position on the
vibrator.  Smiling, Bubba took the hoops from her and handed her a couple of
five pound weights.  He instructed her to hold one in each hand, again straight
away from her to her left and right sides, and that she was NOT to lower her
arms for any reason.  If she did, the ass whipping he was about to give her ass
would seem like a trip to Disneyworld.

Now for the moment of truth, thought Bubba as he turned on the vibrator once
again.  Instantly, Jennifer began thrashing and moaning as the vibrator
relentlessly thrummed through her entire crotch area from her clit down her
pussy lips to her asshole.  She was literally riding the balance beam, like some
demented remodified wooden pony torture.  The vibrations made her stomach
muscles clench, tighten and release over and over again.  Bubba watched with
fascination as Jennifer began sweating again, wiggling her tight little ass over
the vibrator, squishing her pussy lips and her clit on it.  She was using the
phone books to kind of push her from one side to the other, and it was actually
helping her muscles build up slowly on a path which would ultimately lead to a
thundering overwhelming orgasm!  Bubba knew that would soon happen, so he
started to slam the ruler into her luscious ass cheeks over and over again.  To
Jennifer, the sparks of pain in her ass was only somehow helping her erotically
intensifying feelings spread throughout her body.  The mixed sensations of pain
and pleasure was driving her over the edge.  Her arms ached holding the weights,
but that too only seemed to help push her along to the orgasm she so needed.  It
felt wonderful, thought Jennifer, after all this pain to finally have some
pleasure!

Bubba noticed her moaning and building up, and he enjoyed spanking her ass hard
with the ruler, while she rocked back and forth over the vibrator.  Her nipples
had peaked to two hard points, and her crotch was dampening again from her
aroused secretions.  Now, thought Bubba, wouldn't it be nice if I could time
this just right........

.....and when it seemed appropriate, Bubba turned off the vibrator.  Jennifer
was outraged!!  She was just about to release, her orgasm had been so close, and
now she was left with an agonizing frustration, as her muscles slowly began to
unclench, and her body was being brought back down before having a chance to
give her the immense pleasure she had so wanted.  That fucking creep! thought
Jennifer!  How the fuck could he do that to me!!  Jennifer wanted to kill him
for bringing her so close to the pinnacle of pleasure, only to deny her!  The
throbbing in her stomach was so frustrating, so she tried to bring herself off
by leaning forward and rubbing her clit back and forth against the vibrator.  It
was starting to work, yesssss, thought Jennifer as she rubbed faster and faster,
but again she was horribly denied when Bubba yanked her off the beam.

"Sorry Jenny girl, I want your first cum with me to be special.  HA HA HA!!!!" 
laughed Bubba as he dragged her into the kitchen.  "I don't know about you, but
I'm getting hungry, so whaddaya say we grab some lunch?" laughed Bubba as
Jennifer's nipple was again used as a leash to pull her through the gym. 
Jennifer wanted Bubba dead in the worst way, but her thoughts of hatred quickly
turned to fear when she saw what he had planned for her, all lined up in the
kitchen!

*****

Matt pulled his car into the Engineering carpark at the University, and he,
Katie, Jason and Phoebe stepped outside.  They arrived at the education building
food court, the place where only one night ago Katie and Jennifer had stopped
for a quick lite snack before Jennifer parted to work out in the gymnasium
before heading home.  Katie began to tremble when she thought of how she might
have been able to somehow prevent Jennifer's disappearance if she had done
something, anything, differently last night.  A feeling of guilt swept over
Katie's stomach.  Noticing Katie's uncomfortable movements, Matt tenderly held
her in his arms, whispering that everything was going to be okay.  Katie smiled
at Matt, thankful that he was there to support her through this, but she
couldn't shake the feeling that there wouldn't be a happy end to the resolution
of this mystery.

The foursome approached several detectives who were interviewing some of the
people in the food court.  Katie was asked several questions about Jennifer's
demeanor that night, and about whether she had noticed anything odd or unusual
about either Jennifer or the people around her.  Katie struggled to recall
anything that was strange about that night, but nothing came to mind.  Jennifer
had seemed to be so happy and was simply being her normal boisterous bubbly self
as she headed over towards the education gymnasium.  Katie started to cry again,
and Matt held her, as Jason smiled kindly into her eyes, to let her know that
everything was okay, and that this wasn't her fault.

They all walked through the education building until they reached the gymnasium. 
Again, Katie was asked more questions by the police detectives, and she
explained what she knew.  Jennifer's routine was simple.  Several nights a week,
she would come to the gym to practice her gymnastics routines, and to exercise. 
The only difference was that last night, because of their meeting in the food
court, Jennifer went to the gym much later than usual.  Katie remembered telling
her that she wouldn't have enough time to get in a full work out as the
education building closed at 10 pm, but that Jennifer had said that she wanted
to get in as much as she could, so she was going to go there anyways.

Jason and Matt, as well as the two police detectives were eagerly listening for
any potential clues in Katie's story.  Phoebe however, was not.  Her attentions
were in focused on an entirely different matter.

About twenty feet away from where the group stood with the police detectives and
herself, Phoebe noticed something that really bothered her.  And in a very
strange way.

A large black man, Phoebe estimated to be about 6 foot 4 and weighing
approximately 230 to 240 pounds, was sitting on a bench, with his back leaning
against the wall behind him, staring at her intensely.  Phoebe was used to men
staring at her.  Even though she was only 15, her extremely attractive face,
full of charm, intelligence and youthfulness, and her young budding 4 foot 10,
90 pound body, drew many stares from many different eyes, no matter where she
went.  In the shopping mall, Phoebe wouldn't have to be doing anything but
standing in line at a food court restaurant, sitting at a table, or browsing the
music store's CD rack, and she could feel the eyes of men, all ages, colors, and
sizes bearing down on her.  At school, all of the boys in her classes paid lots
of attention to her.  Even at church, the older men who were friends of her
parents, and parents of her friends would even be catching glimpses of her face,
chest or little butt as she walked past them.  Phoebe was not naive and knew why
all those men were looking at her.  She knew she had been blessed with an
attractive face and that her body was developing quite nicely.  Her breasts were
growing in a wonderful proportion to the rest of her curves, which were starting
to fill in around her waist, hips and derriere.  It was something that even at
the tender age of 15, Phoebe was becoming used to...but this was somehow
different.  This wasn't a casual glance of interest that she was receiving.  It
was a lustful stare, in lust's pure essence.

Phoebe and the black man made eye contact, as he continued staring at her young
figure.  She noticed that he was wearing a gray custodial coverall uniform, with
a name tag that she could not quite read from that distance.  She did see the
words "physics dept" stenciled in black lettering on the sides of the man's
coverall sleeve.  His eyes were penetrating deeply into her.  Phoebe could
totally tell that the black man was thinking about doing all sorts of sexual
things to her, it was in his eyes, plain and simple for anyone to read. 
Normally, Phoebe would have just turned the other way, and not given the matter
a second thought.  But something inside of her, some strange sense of danger,
was triggering Phoebe's consciousness.  It was a strange feeling, thought
Phoebe.  Very surreal.  A Twin Peaks moment.

Phoebe returned her focus to the conversation at hand, upset at herself for
missing out on any of the statements that Katie was giving to the police
detectives.  She didn't want to miss anything; her sister's life was at stake. 
From time to time, Phoebe kept glancing sideways to see if the large black man
was still staring at her.  He was there alright, his eyes capturing in every
part of her.  However, a few moments later, when Phoebe turned to peek in on
him, he was gone!

Tugging on her brother's shirt, Phoebe whispered to Jason "I'm just going to go
to the bathroom, I'll be right back."  Jason nodded, and then returned his
attentions to Katie, Matt and the two police detectives.  Phoebe slowly began
moving in the direction of where the man was sitting.  The bench was completely
empty, and Phoebe felt her heart begin to pound in her chest as she continued to
walk away from everyone, into the darker regions of a long t-shaped hallway. 
Where did he go?, Phoebe thought to herself, as she turned around to see that
she was now standing exactly where the creepy black man had been sitting.  Her
view of Jason, Katie and Matt was just a few moments ago his view of her. 
Phoebe continued onward, wanting to find out where the man had gone.  Something
about him didn't seem right.

Phoebe started venturing down a long and deserted 150 foot long dark hallway. 
The man had to be somewhere in the area, she thought to herself.  A light coming
from a door near the far end of the hallway was turned on, and Phoebe was sure
she noticed shadows on the hallway floor indicating that someone was inside. 
Quietly, she crept closer and closer.  Finally, Phoebe began to hear some men's
voices coming from the lightened room.  She wanted to continue getting closer so
she could hear who the voices belonged to and what they were saying, but that
would mean leaving the safety range from Jason and the others.  Deciding that
her curiosity was too much for her, Phoebe continued on.

Now the voices in the room were loud and intelligible and Phoebe was able to
even look inside the room without being detected.  Inside, the large black man
was sitting down in a chair, being asked questions by two police detectives. 
When the name Jennifer Madison was mentioned to the black man for recognition
purposes, Phoebe's heart skipped a beat...the police were questioning this man
about the disappearance of her sister!  Phoebe listened and watched quietly so
as not to be spotted.  The black man was politely answering questions about
anything he might have seen last night between 9:30 pm and 5 am, when he
finished his shift.  Suddenly, the black man's cell phone rang, and the
detectives paused their questioning to allow him to answer it.  The black man
pulled his phone out of his pocket and answered it by saying "Drake Hodson
speakin'".  Drake Hodson, thought Phoebe, as she committed his name to memory. 
The police detectives weren't watching Drake as he made his call, rather, they
were going over some of their notes.  Phoebe on the other hand was paying the
highest order of attention to Drake.  She immediately noticed the momentary
expression of fear in his eyes, as they darted back and forth to the policemen
and back.  She could tell that he was trying to cover his fear by attempting to
compose himself quickly, and all he said to the unknown person at the other end
of the phone was "I'm busy right now bro, I'll call ya back later."  As soon as
Drake turned off his phone, he apologized to the detectives, and they continued
their questioning.

Phoebe took in everything she could, wishing she had a handheld audio recorder
like the police officers had to record all of Drake's answers.  In the next
fifteen minutes, Drake was asked some very simple questions about last night. 
Drake explained to them that the reason why he had been working in the education
building last night rather than his usual area, the Physics building, was that
he had been filling in for a coworker, named Bubba Johnson, who had called in
sick.  Drake also stated that he did not see Jennifer, nor did he see anything
or anyone suspicious, although he had arrived at approximately 10:30 pm.  The
police thanked Drake for answering their questions, and they gave him a business
card, asking him to call them if he remembered anything unusual, or had anything
further to add to his answers.  Drake assured them that he would do just that,
and the detectives left began to leave.

Phoebe jumped away quickly, looking for someplace to hide as she didn't want to
be seen by the police detectives.  Her only option was a men's washroom behind
her, so she opened the door and quickly zipped inside, closing the door all the
way.  The washroom lights had been turned off, so Phoebe was left in total
darkness, but she could still hear some noises from the hallway.  Quietly, she
listened as the police officers walked down the hallway.  She expected to hear
Drake's footsteps following out, but there was nothing to be heard!  For several
anxious moments that seemed like hours, Phoebe waited and waited inside the dark
men's room.  Still nothing.  Phoebe decided that she had to try opening the door
to see what was going on.  In the worst case scenario, if she had to, she could
always scream her lungs off, and someone would be sure to hear her.  At least,
she hoped.

Opening the door carefully and quietly, just a fraction of an inch, Phoebe
listened.  Nothing.  Nothing but the beating of her heart inside her chest. 
Quietly, Phoebe used her gracefulness to open the door and slither out, back
into the brighter, but still darkened hallway.  She tiptoed across the hall to
the room where Drake had been questioned.  She saw that he was still there, but
he was in the far corner of the room, sitting crouched over on a small chair,
talking on his cell phone.  He was talking so quietly that Phoebe could barely
make out what Drake was saying.  But she could hear everything, and what she
heard made her stomach sink.....

"Yeah Bubba, it's not good......yeah......this place is crawlin' with cops
man.......yeah.....no I didn't....nah, no suspicions......yeah....uh
huh......nothin' so far......yeah.....shit man, I don't know, I wouldn't go home
if I was you......yeah, you're safe there, stay there.....yeah......I want a
piece of her too so I'm coming tomorrow......"

Phoebe pulled back from the door.  Could the "she" really be Jennifer??  Was it
possible that this black janitor, and someone named Bubba Johnson have taken
her?  Or had she totally taken the entire phone conversation that Drake had out
of context, resulting in her imagination running wild?  All of these thoughts
raced through Phoebe's mind, as she decided to go back to Jason and the others
to let them know about what she had just seen and heard.  Maybe Drake's
conversation was about something completely unrelated to Jennifer, thought
Phoebe.  But just the idea that she had possibly stumbled onto the whereabouts
of her sister made her excited.....

....which was a problem in itself.....

.....when Phoebe got excited, something else usually followed.....

....."hiccup!"

Backing up and covering her mouth, Phoebe couldn't believe that she had just let
out a hiccup!  She hated those things; they always popped up on her when she
least wanted them.  And this was certainly one of those inopportune times. 
Standing up quickly, and shutting off his cell phone instinctually, Drake
wheeled around, sure he had heard something.  Hearing the movement from the
room, Phoebe quickly tiptoed back to the men's room.  She quickly thought about
starting to run down the hallway, but it was so long, and she estimated that
Drake's football player physique seemed to be in good enough condition that if
he chased her, he would easily catch her within seconds, and she would never
have the chance to be in earshot of a scream which could save her.  So the men's
room was the only place she could think of to hide.  The second that Phoebe
entered the men's room and closed the door, Drake reached the entrance to the
hallway, and looked around, knowing that he had heard something that wasn't just
a figment of his imagination.

"Hey!  Is anyone here?" Drake blurted out.  His voice was so loud and scary,
that it startled Phoebe, and she fumbled her way in the pitch blackness towards
the toilet cubicles.  Using her hands like a visually impaired blindwoman, she
followed them back all the way to the very last of 10 cubicles, and quickly
opened the door and stepped inside, closing the cubicle door behind her. 
Phoebe's heart began beating rapidly, when all of a sudden, she could hear the
men's room door being opened, and the lights being turned on.  Please God,
thought Phoebe, please don't let me hiccup now, please!!!

"Hello?" boomed Drake's menacing voice, echoing loudly through the tiled
acoustical bathroom walls, ceiling and floor.  The bright light hurt Phoebe's
eyes as it had popped up so suddenly, and she stared at the ugly institutional
blue color of the peeling paint that covered the inside of the cubicle.  The
bathroom was not very clean, and vile profanity written in black ink covered a
lot of the cubicle door Phoebe was facing.  The biggest of the words was the
letters R-A-P-E, written directly in front of her eyes.

Trying to stay calm, Phoebe thought to herself, what would Dana Scully do if she
was in this situation?  Almost instinctually, Phoebe decided to climb up onto
the toilet seat.  An intelligent move, as Drake had just at that moment stopped
to drop to one knee, to look under all of the stalls for any pairs of legs with
their pants bunched around the ankles.

Phoebe prayed, hoping that Drake would just leave the men's room, hoping that
she would be able to leave safely and rejoin Jason and the others back at the
gym, hoping that they could all leave the campus and continue their search for
Jennifer together.  Her prayers seemed doomed however, when she heard the worst
sound she could possibly have heard.  THUMP!!!  The door to the first of the ten
cubicles had just been slammed open by Drake's hand.  Phoebe had to keep herself
from screaming, as her heart was pounding in her chest so fast, and little
goosebumps had started to pop up all over her skin.  What would he do to her if
he caught her?  Horrible ideas ran through Phoebe's mind, as she remembered the
lustful way that Drake had stared at her back at the gym.  That look was more
than just a stare, it was an ominous hint that Drake was serious about his
desires for her.  And now, thought Phoebe to herself, she was alone in a
secluded part of the building with that very man!

THUMP!!!  Phoebe jumped again as Drake slammed open the second cubicle door.

THUMP!!!  Door number three......

*****

In a far end of the city, one of the most feared gangs that the citizens had
ever known were busy calculating their next moves.  The West Side Boys had been
terrorizing the city now for over eight months, ruthless and lacking impunity,
they had been moving drugs through town with relative ease.  The police were
building a strategy for stopping their brutality, but it was a long process, as
the West Side Boys had seemed to have so many connections that kept their
transactions under wraps, and almost undetectable.  Yet many lives had been
lost, and the gang was getting stronger and stronger as they acquired more
capital from drugs and other nefarious means.

In their main operations base, four of the leaders were busy planning their next
move.  Buster, Tyrone and Leroy, the three large black leaders were joined by
the only white member of the Boys, Clarence, who was equal in physique and
stature to the other three men.  These four had developed and ruled over the
WSBs since the beginning.  Buster was the brains of the operation, but his team
was well rounded by the other members, each contributing their strengths and
talents to make this work. 

"Yo, Buster, check this out..." said Tyrone as he handed some papers to Buster,
who carefully perused them in his hands.  Leroy was too busy looking through
some hardcore bestiality pornography that he had made himself.  Yes, he
remembered that farm family that he and Clarence had stumbled upon, after their
breakout from prison.  Those two young high school girls made great models as
they were forced to do acts of extreme perversion with horses, dogs and even
some of the disgusting pigs on their parents' farm.  And he had the photographic
mementos as keepsakes.

Buster noticed Leroy still gawking at the thousands of images in his homemade
scrap book, and became quite pissed off.  "Leroy get your ass outta those pics
man, haven't you whacked off to those enough?  Shit man, we got a major score in
the works here.  Pay attention, this is gonna require all four of us!" said
Buster.  Clarence's ears perked up and he put down the weights he had been bench
pressing, and joined Buster, Tyrone and Leroy around the table.

"Check this out!" said Tyrone as he passed the papers around to everyone. 
"Looks like ol' Charlie done took himself a vacation.  His big ol' gym is just
sittin' there, all alone, and word from the grapevine is that Charlie has some
major shit in there!  We're talking narcotics that could be trafficked for
months man.  This is big."

Clarence's eyebrow peaked with interest as her summarized the scouting report on
Charlie's itinerary.  "The dude won't be back for at least two weeks.  Do you
think he'd be stupid enough to stash the drugs at the Gym?"

Buster nodded.  "Clever enough you mean there Clarence.  That gym is the perfect
stashin' place for that shit.  It's legit, it's too obvious.  But believe me
man, it's there.  Leroy, Clarence, I want the two of you to do a driveby of ol'
Charlie's Gym this afternoon.  Just a quick scope is all, and report back.  If
things look clear, well then boys, tonight, we're gonna get into that gym,
snatch those narcotics, and high tail it back here.  This will be our biggest
score in months.  Let's rock boys!"

"Yeah!" cried the other three gang members as they prepared their plans to
invade Charlie's Gym tonight...


***TO BE CONTINUED in PART 4***


Thanks to any readers who have sent me emails about this story.  Your comments,
criticism and feedback are always welcome and appreciated.  As you can see, I'm
trying to take this story up from hardcore erotica to hardcore erotica plus a
bit of a plot.  Yes a plot, lol.

My idea is to develop more of a story around the characters of Bubba and
Jennifer, while keeping the main objective of providing a rape story at its
heart.  I'm hoping that for those of you who are tired of just reading basic
rape literature, that rape literature in the context of a plot will be more
stimulating and interesting for you.  For those that just want the good stuff,
well, you of course are more than welcome to scroll through the character
development and get what you wanted as well.

I'd love to continue this story, at a pace of about one new chapter each month. 
I do have a direction for this, and I know what direction I want my story to
proceed into.  However, selfishly, I love a good ego-stroking as much as anyone
else, and I'll continue to proceed with this story as long as there is actually
interest out there for it.  If not, then "I'll stop the Bubba Seizes the Day"
saga and create some new scenarios for you all.

Once again, to all authors out there, thanks for your great contributions.  And
to all readers out there, hopefully you'll be inspired to contribute stuff too. 
I'm certainly not a polished writer by any means, just a layman trying to give a
little back.  My belief is that even poorly written erotic literature is better
than non-written erotic literature.  And writing this stuff is not only
surprisingly simple, but it's also a lot of fun.  So keep writing out there!

Best wishes,

Dave Haugen, dave_haugen@hotmail.com




Part 4

Grinning from ear to ear, Bubba watched as Jennifer  reacted to what now stood
before her eyes in the  kitchen.

"Yeah girl, this is all for you!  Betcha didn't think  food could be this much
fun!" taunted Bubba as he  watched Jennifer's facial expressions change as she 
tried to take in every devious purpose that she knew  Bubba had in mind for her.

On the kitchen counter in front of her sat the familiar  penis-shaped sex toys,
but now they were accompanied by  several other items: cucumbers of all lengths
and  diameters, long carrots, several bananas, that dreaded  bottle of tobasco
sauce, a bottle of chocolate sauce, a  bowl of green seedless grapes and a large
gynecologist's  speculum, a device that Jennifer recognized immediately  from
her annual exam.  Her mind reeled with the  possibilities of how Bubba would be
using the objects on  her body, and it made her begin to panic again.

"Please!!" begged Jennifer as she turned and dropped to  her knees in front of
Bubba.  "How can you do this to  me??  I can't take anymore of this, I'm trying
to be  good, but I don't want any more of this, I want to go  home!"

Bubba patted her head like an obedient puppy.  "Now now  Jenny girl.  This here
is a great opportunity for me,  and you knows I just gotta take my time and have
my fun!   Just think, you're kinda lucky.  If you had pissed off  some other guy
back there at the university, you might  not be alive right now.  But you are
going to get outta  this, because you're a smart college educated girl,  right
Jenny?"

Jennifer wasn't sure just how much more of this she  could take, but she
continued to hold onto the trust  that she had in Bubba, that he would release
her,  hopefully unraped, and that she could at least return  home in one piece.

"But...you promised you were going to let me go soon  right?  Can't we just do
fun things together?  When you  were buzzing me with that sex toy, I was really
enjoying  myself, and I was going to have an orgasm.  Remember?  I  will do that
for you if you want!" replied Jennifer.

Bubba smiled to himself.  Interesting, he thought.  This  was the first instance
that she had reached the  acceptance and bargaining stages where she had
resigned  herself completely to her fate, yet she was now trying  all attempts
at compromising with him in order to  minimize the amount of suffering that she
had to go  through.  He knew she hated his guts now more than ever,  but it was
still enjoyable watching this young racist  talking to him as if he was a fellow
human being.  And a  more powerful one at that.

"You know what Jenny?  You're right.  But you knows I  hate when you disobey me. 
You make me have to punish  you like in that shower because you made some wrong 
choices.  If I agree to let you get some pleasure out of  this, do you promise
to start making the right choices  from here on in?" asked Bubba, barely able to
finish his  sentence as Jennifer jumped on his proposition eagerly.

"Yes yes!!  I promise I'll be good from now on, just  please don't do anything
else that will hurt me  please!!!  Especially that thing!" said Jennifer as she 
pointed towards the large plastic speculum.  It was much  bigger than the one
her gynecologist used on her, and  knowing how much that one hurt, she had no
intentions of  finding out if she would be able to stretch open more  with this
monster one in front of her.

"You know what that is huh girl?" chuckled Bubba.  "Well  shucks, I was planning
on shoving that thing up your  tight little pussy right now..."

"No!!!  I'm begging you, anything but that, I'll lick  your butt again for
you...anything!" replied Jennifer as  she eagerly offered to do things that were
beyond her  imagination only a day ago.

"Well that thing was just going to be a means to an end  anyway, we've got
another approach to accomplish the  same thing anyway Jenny girl, so if you
behave, and I  mean 'if', then you won't get that thing crammed up your  twat."

"Oh thank you." replied Jennifer in relief.  Her pussy  was still swollen and
sore from Bubba thrusting that  God-awful butt plug through her tight opening,
that she  didn't want him even thinking about going there again.   Unfortunately
for her, the day was still young.

Bubba sat down on one of the kitchen chairs, resting his  entire weight upon it. 
"Get over her girl, I think I  want to start things off with a nice romantic
kiss.  I  want you to climb up on my lap and shove your tongue  down my throat. 
The more passionate and messy you make  this kiss, the less I'm going to want to
play doctor  with ya, got it Jenny?"

Sadly, Jennifer nodded, and without hesitation, she  placed her naked body
completely up onto Bubba's lap,  straddling him so wide, that her vaginal lips
gaped open  underneath her.  She licked her lips to moisten them,  and looked
into Bubba's face, realizing that she had to  go through with this or face
something altogether  entirely worse.  He had been pretty consistent with his 
punishments so far, and she didn't want to do anything  to ruin this
"understanding" that they had seemed to  come to.

Leaning forward, Jennifer started to kiss Bubba  passionately, doing everything
in her power to not let  her repulsion towards him show.  Her tiny lips pressed 
against his large pink ones, and she went through the  motions of a passionate
kiss.  Her tongue darted around  his huge lips, and poked in between his teeth,
sliding  against them, and licking over his own wet saliva-coated  tongue.

As they kissed, Bubba's stirring loins became even more  aggravated.  They were
screaming out to their owner to  quit the constant teasing they had been going
through  for the past so many hours and to finally allow  themselves to explode
the pent-up sperm they had been  manufacturing inside him.  But Bubba was
enjoying the  kiss so much, that he just knew he was going to have to  hold off
a little longer...Jennifer's compliance was  just to incredible to lose this
early.  Besides, he knew  his time would come, and it was going to be that much 
better once he was finally able to pump out the contents  of his ever filling
balls.

Jennifer was making little mmmmmmm sounds as they  kissed, and Bubba liked to
imagine that she was actually  getting aroused from kissing him, however, he
knew that  it was just her trying to breathe through her nose, as  his huge lips
were preventing outside air from going in  through her throat.

Reaching around her body, Bubba began to massage her  shoulders and her back as
she continued to kiss him.   Bubba noticed that she tensed up when his fingers
made  contact with her skin, but then quickly she relaxed, as  she realized that
he did not seem to be intending to  hurt her.  Moving further down her spine,
Bubba enjoyed  the silky smooth feeling of Jennifer's skin against his 
fingertips.  She was an incredibly sexual female in  every aspect.  His fingers
trailed down lower to the  exercise tightened globes of her ass cheeks, and he 
gently squeezed and kneaded his fingers over them,  cupping each tiny one in his
huge hands, and he jiggled  them around slowly in concentric circles.

To Jennifer, her body was still unnerved at being built  up so close to cumming,
only to be denied, and it began  reacting in strange ways.  She felt Bubba
rubbing her  behind, and thought to herself that it actually felt  nice,
although, compared to all the other hell he had  put her body through, this was
a welcomed relief.

As the kiss continued, Bubba then moved his fingers  lower, to gently touch her
pouting anus, poking out  between her cheeks.  The moment his fingers made
contact  with it, Jennifer instantly sat up and looked at him  with fear in her
eyes, afraid that he was going to do  something to cause her pain.  Bubba smiled
at her,  enjoying the fearful look she was showing him, but he  continued
rubbing her behind.

"I didn't say you could stop did I girl?" asked Bubba  sternly.

"No...but..." replied Jennifer, still tensing up from  his fingers being in so
sensitive a place.

"Then get your lips back here and your tongue back  inside my mouth, NOW!  I
like sharin' the spit with ya  girl.  You got a hot mouth."

Slowly, Jennifer resumed her kissing, now very aware of  everything Bubba's
fingers were touching down below.   Still reaching behind her, Bubba then found
Jennifer's  still moist pussy and her protruding clit, and he began  to play
with it, pulling her body closer to his.

Instantly, Jennifer moaned out into Bubba's mouth, as  his fingers sparked an
almost immediate return of her  arousal.  She hated how wonderful her clit and
her inner  muscles were feeling from being touched there, and how  she was
almost hoping that he would actually let her  release this time.  Bubba moved
his fingers in circles,  tugging on her slippery pussy lips, feeling her juices 
smearing around them.  His own cock was bulging in his  pants, begging to be let
out, but he only continued to  rub Jennifer, noticing that her kissing was 
intensifying, and that her body was going through a  series of natural
undulations on top of his lap.  Shit,  thought Bubba, she is getting totally
aroused by this!

Jennifer was not only kissing Bubba harder and bucking  over his lap, but she
also began to rub her sore nipples  over his chest, attempting to help bring her
body over  the edge.  Bubba continued his digital ministerings  until he decided
she was again right on the edge, and  immediately at that point, he stopped.

"No don't!!!" said Jennifer quickly as she sat up and  began to press her crotch
down onto Bubba's pants,  squishing her pussy lips and her entire crotch area
over  them in an attempt to cum.  Bubba loved the fact that it  was his body
that this petite white girl was using to  get herself off, and that she was
responding to all of  this.

"You really want to cum dontcha?" asked Bubba.

"Oh yes!!!  I totally do, please let me!!" replied  Jennifer as she had her eyes
closed tightly shut in a  full fledged concentrated effort to go over the
rainbow.   Bubba took in the site of her beautifully shaped thin  body pressing
down onto his lap, but after only a minute  or two, he stopped her.

"Ok fine, but you're gonna do it my way?  Ok?  You trust  me by now dontcha
Jenny?" asked Bubba, as he watched  Jennifer's trembling body not knowing what
to do from  its high arousal content.

"Anything but please, I HAVE to release, please!  I  can't wait!!" begged
Jennifer as she started to reach  down to rub her clit with her own fingers,
seeing as how  Bubba had decided to stop with his.  Instantly, Bubba  caught her
wrists before they could get to their  destination.

"You got it babe.  Here's my way to fulFILL your lust  baby.  Get on your hands
and knees again."

Jennifer's conditioned memory reminded her that in the  recent past, that
position meant pain, and she was  afraid of what he was going to do, but she
complied and  went back down onto her hands and knees, jutting her  delectable
rear end upwards, wanting so desperately to  touch herself, have Bubba touch
her, ANYTHING that would  allow her to cum!

Bubba grabbed the bowl of grapes and sat crosslegged on  the floor behind her,
staring at the fascinating view of  her swollen pussy lips and her star shaped
krinkled tiny  asshole just a foot away from his face.

"Do you like grapes Jenny?  I do, but I like mine with  some extra flavoring. 
Guess how I'm gonna do that?"  asked Bubba.  As expected, he didn't receive a
response  from her, so he answered the question himself.

"I want you to start shoving grapes up your twat.  If I  think you're doing a
good job, your reward will be the  best fuckin' orgasm of your young sweet life. 
Cross my  heart." said Bubba as he waited again for her reaction.

"What???" asked a worried Jennifer as his words were not  sinking in for her. 
Grapes???  He wanted to put grapes  inside her?

"You heard me Jenny.  I'm gonna watch, and if you do a  good job, then I'm gonna
get the power vibe and send you  on a one way ticket to paradise.  Of course, I
could  always tie you down and do it for you if you want..."

"No!!!  I'll...I'll do it..." replied Jennifer in a  worried shaky voice.  Where
the hell was he getting  these ideas from, she thought nervously to herself. 
She  turned her head to see that Bubba already had a handful  of them inside his
fingers.  Trembling, she reached out  and took one of the grapes from him and
brought it up to  her already aroused pussy.  It was slightly cold,  however,
she matter-of-factly pushed it past her lips  and it popped inside of her.  She
could feel the grape  sitting just inside her opening, feeling rather out of 
place, just sitting there.

"That was one.  Now for number two." said Bubba as he  handed her another grape. 
Jennifer simply pushed that  one inside her as well, feeling it bumping against
the  first one, pushing it slightly deeper into her canal.   After two more,
Jennifer felt the slight discomfort of  the grapes lined up inside her tight
little cavity.  It  didn't hurt at all, but it felt strange.

"Ummmm, how many do I have to put inside me?" asked  Jennifer nervously.  Bubba
smiled.

"As many as I tell you to.  I want you to start counting  them now.  Here's
number five." replied Bubba as he  handed her he next grape.  Jennifer sighed
deeply as she  pushed the fifth grape inside her pussy, wishing she had  never
left Katie to work out.  This was so humiliating,  and she only hoped that an
entire search team was coming  after her soon!

*****

With her heart racing in her chest, Phoebe sat  motionless on the toilet seat of
stall number ten.  What  was going to happen when Drake found her?  Phoebe 
clearly remembered how he had been staring at her  outside in the hallway, and
now he was about to discover  her sitting alone inside the men's bathroom?  It
was  almost too horrible to contemplate.

Drake slammed open the fourth door, and moved over to  the fifth...

Phoebe closed her eyes and placed her face into her  palms, hoping that Drake
would simply turn and leave,  but somehow, her instincts told her that he wasn't
going  to leave, and that he was going to keep checking every  stall to see if
they were empty.  She decided that she  now knew how a Thanksgiving turkey felt.

SLAM!!!  Door number five was pushed open, and Phoebe  heard Drake's footsteps
and his movements becoming  louder and clearer as the number of feet between
them  was quickly decreasing.  Oh my god, thought Phoebe, he  can't possibly
hurt me, I'm only a fifteen year old  girl!  How could anyone harm me?

Phoebe's heart was beating much more rapidly as she  heard the sixth door
slamming open, and Drake's  footsteps coming even closer.  Butterflies were 
overcoming Phoebe's stomach and she felt as though she  was growing light headed
and might faint or throw up, it  was so horrible.  Phoebe always knew that she
had an  inquisitive, curiosity-seeking precociousness about her,  and she prayed
that it wasn't going to cost her with the  large black man that was quickly
coming closer to  discovering her...

...SLAM!!!  Door number seven.  Phoebe bit her lip.

...SLAM!!!  Door number eight.  Phoebe had never been  more afraid in her
life...

...suddenly, she heard another noise...

...it was a voice...

...it was Jason!  She was saved!

"Hi, ummm, excuse me?" said Jason politely as Drake  quickly pivoted a 180 to
make eye contact with him as  Jason stepped into the men's room.

"Hey.  Can I help you?" replied Drake as his eyes  quickly surveyed the 21 year
old in front of him.   Certainly not threatening to a man of Drake's stature, 
he acknowledged Jason by nodding.

"I'm looking for my sister, and I was wondering if you  had seen anyone in the
hallway in the past ten minutes  or so?  It's kind of dark out there."

Drake remembered his lust-filled vision of the young  girl he had seen in the
hall a while back, and asked  Jason for a description.

"Well her name is Phoebe and she's about five feet tall,  maybe 90 pounds or so,
and she has brown hair, kind of  to her shoulders.  She's wearing a lime green
tshirt and  a pair of khaki shorts.  Do you think you might have  seen her?"
asked Jason.  Drake's cock twinged instantly  as he thought of her tiny profile
with that tight  rounded ass jutting out of those cute little khaki-kid's 
hiking shorts.  Drake decided that he was going to help  this guy find his
sister, just so that he could take  another good look at her.  A few exchanged
words and he  might have a full name to go on, in case he decided to  do a
drive-by and stake out the kid's home life.  Worth  it, thought Drake?  Yeah. 
Oh yeah.

"Hmmmm," answered Drake in a kind thoughtful voice.  "I  don't believe I saw any
kids around here today, although  I am cleaning up this wing now, and I might be
able to  help you search for her if you want."

"Yeah, that would be great thanks!" replied Jason  happily as Drake's looming
figure walked over to him.

Phoebe knew she had a critical decision to make.  Should  she expose herself
now, thereby suggesting to the large  black man that she had heard something and
was willing  to hide from him because of it?  A million thoughts went  through
Phoebe's head...maybe it was better to simply  not say anything and let Drake
and Jason go off  together, leaving her to continue snooping around for  some
more clues.  That sounded like the best approach to  Phoebe, as she believed
that Drake had some connection  to Jennifer; that he knew so much more than what
he had  told the police.  His phone conversation that she had  overheard seemed
to indicate that.

Yet...on the other hand...her safety was at risk if she  didn't cry out to Jason
now for help.  Phoebe wanted so  badly to shout out to him that she was in the
men's  room, hiding.  It was a hard choice.

But Jennifer's life was at stake, and Phoebe made her  choice.  Without uttering
a sound, she waited for a few  seconds after listening to Drake and Jason leave
the  bathroom, before quietly tiptoeing out of the stall she  had been hiding
in.  Her heart was pounding in her  chest, as she crept towards the hallway
door.  What if  Jason and Drake had parted just outside, and Drake was  about to
return?  It was too horrible to think about, so  Phoebe continued creeping
forward until she reached the  main door.  Cracking it open just a fraction of
an inch,  Phoebe listened carefully, not hearing anything.   Peaking her head
out into the hallway, totally relieved  to be leaving the men's room, Phoebe
stepped outside and  looked around.  No one was in site, and the hallway was  as
dark as it had been before she had left it.

Sprightly moving across the hall, Phoebe peeked into the  room where Drake had
been questioned by the police.  She  noticed that his janitorial cart was still
there, and  she knew that he would be coming back eventually to  retrieve it. 
As she went forward to take a quick  opportunity to examine it, her heart
skipped a beat when  she noticed an object sitting on a nearby  chair...Drake's
cell phone!  He had left it behind!

"Yessssssssss..." said Phoebe to herself as she lunged  for the phone and picked
it up into her fingers.   Shaking, Phoebe tried to regain her composure and
looked  the phone over.  Thinking quickly, Phoebe pressed the  redial button in
order to capture the last number that  Drake had called, the one to the man
named Bubba, whose  partial phone conversation she had overheard.  As soon  as
it dialed, the number popped up onto the phone's  digital display...555-4192! 
Hanging up quickly before  the second ring could happen, Phoebe took a
millisecond  to commit the number to her almost photographic memory  and put
down the phone.  Now all she had to do, Phoebe  thought to herself, was to track
down the number's owner  and it might lead her right to Jennifer!

Totally proud of her heroic efforts, Phoebe had to force  herself back to her
own personal reality.  There was a  large black man looking for her now, and he
could return  to this room at any moment!  Running across the room,  Phoebe
stopped to quickly peek out into the hallway, but  didn't see anyone in sight. 
In a light jog, Phoebe  began to run down the hallway in the direction that she 
had originally come from, in order to find Jason, Matt  and Katie to tell them
of her discovery.

Looking around the area where she had originally parted  from them, Phoebe
couldn't see anyone in sight.

"Jason, where are you?" said Phoebe to herself,  desperate to find him so that
she could tell him  everything she observed about Drake.  She decided that  if
she found Drake with the others, that she would wait  until he left before she
approached them.

No one seemed to be around, and Phoebe thought about  perhaps returning to
Matt's car.  After spending another  ten minutes walking around the less than
crowded  building by herself, and not having any luck finding  them, Phoebe
grabbed a pencil hanging from a string  attached to a bulletin board, and
removed it along with  a paper advertisement.  She headed back to the 
Engineering carpark and found that Matt's car was still  there.  Thank God,
Phoebe thought, they're still on  campus, somewhere, looking for her.  Phoebe
took the  pencil and thought for a second before she began to  write Jason a
note:

"Dear Jason, I have to tell you this!  That black man  that you met in the
bathroom is not a nice man!  His  name is Drake Hodson and I overheard him
talking to a  man named Bubba Johnson on the phone.  I think he might  know
where Jen is!  I redialed his number and found that  it is 555-4192.  I am okay. 
I am going to be at the  main library researching this number.  I tried to find 
you but you were gone.  Please come and get me when you  get this note and then
we can look for Jen!  Love,  Phoebe."

"There!" said Phoebe as she placed the note underneath  Matt's windshield wiper,
keeping it pressed tightly  folded to the glass.  "Now I'm going to go to the 
library so I can find out your address Bubba.  If you  have my sister, you are
going to go to jail!" said  Phoebe to herself as she left the carpark and headed 
over to the library.

When she arrived, she borrowed a telephone from one of  the people behind the
library counter and called Erica's  cell phone hoping that she would be home,
but without  any luck.  She called her own number, hoping that her  mom or dad
would pick up the phone.  Again, no luck.   She did get the answering machine
and decided that she  had better leave a message so that her parents wouldn't 
be worried sick about her.

"Mom, Dad, this is Pheebs.  I'm at the main university  library right now.  If
Jason calls, PLEASE tell him to  come and get me!  I am going to wait here until
someone  comes and gets me.  Oh my God, I think I might have  found out some
information about where Jen is!  I am  going to investigate some more and the
minute I find out  anything, I am going to call you back, unless Jason  picks me
up before that.  I am ok, and I love you both  so much!  Bye." said Phoebe as
she put down the phone.

Feeling much safer in the well-lit library, Phoebe knew  that she had nothing to
do but wait for Jason and the  others to come and get her.  In the meantime, she
wanted  so badly to start investigating the phone number on her  own.

After a few minutes, Phoebe was able to find a phone  book section for the city,
and quickly filed her petite  fingers to the J's.

"Jamieson...Jensen....Johnson!" said Phoebe as she found  the Johnson section. 
"Oh my God, there's like a million  of them!"

There were indeed many 'B Johnsons" to go through, and  no Bubbas.  Checking
each number beside the name, Phoebe  was terribly disappointed to find that
there wasn't any  555-4192 number beside them.

"Hmmm, does that mean that he has an unlisted number?   Or maybe Drake didn't
call him at home...or maybe his  name was Johnston???" thought Phoebe aloud, as
her Nancy  Drew neurons were firing at all cylinders.  Thinking for  a moment,
Phoebe quickly flipped the phone book page to  the Johnston section, however,
none of the numbers  matched.  Phoebe turned back several dozen pages to the 
Hs.

"Hodson...Hodson..." repeated Phoebe as she found the  Hodson's.  Not as many
Hodsons as Johnsons, but there  were 4 of them, no Drakes however.

Phoebe recorded the 4 phone numbers and the addresses  onto a piece of paper,
and then closed the phone book.   Still thinking about the redial number, she
wondered how  she was going to be able to find out to whom or where it 
belonged.  She thought momentarily about calling it  again, but was too afraid
that someone might pick up.  A  thousand possibilities went through her sharp
young  mind, but in the end, she decided that if she did  anything to alert the
person on the other end of the  phone that someone was after them, that the
kidnapper  might take Jennifer away, and they would lose the lead.

Phoebe slumped into a chair in the study area, and  decided that all she could
do now was wait for Jason and  the others to arrive.  It drove her crazy to
think that  she had so much information, but had so little she could  actually
accomplish with it.  She thought about calling  the police to tell them, but
decided that Jason would  know what the best thing to do would be.

"Ok Pheebs." she said aloud, "Half an hour.  If Jason  doesn't pick me up in
half an hour, then you have to  call the police and tell them."  Phoebe hated
feeling so  helpless.

Fifteen minutes passed, and a restless Phoebe decided to  approach one of the
librarians on duty.  Maybe there was  some way of finding out who the number
belonged to by  looking it up somehow.  It was worth a try, thought  Phoebe.

Her heart rate picked up again, and a rush of adrenaline  raced through Phoebe's
young body when the librarian  told her that the library had a computer program
that  allowed you to type in a phone number, and that a  database would be cross
referenced to find a name in  return!  Excitedly, Phoebe asked the librarian to
tell  anyone who was looking for her that she would up on the  fifth floor of
the library where this computer existed,  and the librarian smiled, saying that
she would.

Not able to wait for the elevator, Phoebe bounded up  five flights of stairs as
gracefully as a gazelle until  she reached the fifth floor.  Opening the door of
the  stairway, Phoebe stepped inside and noticed that there  wasn't a soul in
sight.  Of course, thought Phoebe, it  was Saturday.

The fifth floor of the library was extremely musty,  filled with bookshelves
that housed books from the floor  to the ceiling, with attachable ladders that
slid across  a track in case a student wanted to reach one of the  higher up
books.  After her men's room incident, Phoebe  was slightly creeped out by the
quietness and barrenness  of the large twisty room.  Taking a few steps inside, 
she couldn't find a single person in sight.  It was  creepy.

"Come on, don't be a scaredy-cat.  Jen's life is at  stake, you have to find
that computer!" said Phoebe  under her breath.  For a moment, she thought about
going  back down to the main floor to ask a librarian for help,  not liking the
idea of being upstairs all alone.  Trying  to be brave, Phoebe reminded herself
that she was in a  public place and that no one but the librarian knew she  was
up here, so she would most likely be safe.  As well,  Jason, Matt and Katie
would read her note that she left  behind on Matt's car, and that they should be
here any  second.

Continuing to walk through the quiet desolated library  floor, Phoebe almost
jumped a mile when she heard a loud  creaking sound, but realized that it was
only the sound  of the room's ventilation system kicking in.  Calming  herself,
Phoebe ventured further into the room looking  for any computer she could find.

It took about five minutes before she was able to find  one of the only
computers in the large room, and Phoebe  confirmed that she was indeed the only
person on the  floor.  Sitting down in front of the computer, she  realized it
was off, and had to turn it on.  Waiting  patiently was not easy for Phoebe in
any situation, let  alone something as important as this!  The old machine 
hummed and whirred for a few more painstaking minutes,  but eventually, the
database interface popped up on the  screen, and Phoebe sat up erectly to begin
looking for a  way to type in her phone number.

Concentrating so acutely, Phoebe's mind totally ignored  the far away sound of
the elevator door opening on the  other side of the deserted room, and a set of
man's  footsteps coming out of them.

"Ok....where do I type in the number?  You stupid  computer." muttered Phoebe as
she tried to click her way  around the interface, looking for a phone entry.

"Book catalog...repository...business directory...here  we go!  City listings!"
said Phoebe as she began  frantically clicking links to get her to an entry
page.   Phoebe loved puzzles and games, and she felt that she  was involved in
the middle of a mystery.  Her excitement  was peaking, and she felt that she was
getting closer  and closer.

She wasn't the only one getting closer and closer....

A male figure stepped out of the elevator and began  walking through the
library.  Eventually, the figure  spotted the tiny female figure of Phoebe
Madison sitting  with her back turned to him, about fifty feet away, 
frantically typing away on the computer keyboard.  The  figure began approaching
Phoebe, step by step by step by  step...

"Ok here it is..." spoke Phoebe aloud, "Type in the  number here...555-4192..."

Phoebe watched as a few ellipses scrolled across the  screen, and finally, an
address popped up on the screen  in big blue letters...

"555-4192......Charlie's Gym, 704 Hauser Street"

"YESSSS!!!!" said Phoebe triumphantly as she stared at  the destination.  She
did it, she found the name,  thought Phoebe to herself!  "Charlie's Gym...oh my
God,  I wonder if that's where Jen is...I have to call the  police right away!"
said Phoebe as she excitedly jumped  up and pivoted around to start running back
to the  elevator.

Unfortunately for Phoebe, she only made one step.

Slamming into the male figure who had been standing  directly behind her, Phoebe
fell to the floor, flat on  her face, knocking the wind out of her.  As she 
struggled to catch her breath, staring at the carpet,  Phoebe's heart plummeted
as she almost forgot where she  was for a split second.  But that second was all
too  brief.  Oh my God, thought Phoebe to herself as she  began to turn
around....Drake!!!

*****

Back at the education building, Jason, Matt and Katie  were devastated at their
inability to find Phoebe.  It  just wasn't like her to run off like that,
thought  Jason.  After the disappearance of his older sister, the  last thing he
wanted to even contemplate was his younger  sister missing as well.

"Jason, we have to call the police!" said Katie, "We've  looked everywhere for
her, she's simply vanished!"

"Katie's right Jay," agreed Matt.  "Phoebe would never  run off like that. 
Something's got to be wrong."

Jason nodded his head, he knew Katie and Matt were  concerned and were right, he
had to contact the police.   Stopping at a payphone, Jason dialed home but
contacted  the answering machine.  Disappointedly, Jason explained  that Phoebe
was missing and that they would be at the  police station.  Jason slammed down
the phone before  dialing the police.  Katie started to cry again, and  Matt
held her tenderly in his arms.

*****

Seven grapes later, Jennifer was groaning with more than  a slight discomfort. 
Her pussy had twelve grapes in  total inside of it, and Bubba was showing
absolutely no  signs of stopping there.  In fact, based on his wide  toothed
grin and lewd comments, he was having a blast.

"Man Jenny girl, you have no fuckin' idea how hot it is  to watch you shovin'
those grapes up your pussy.  We're  really goin' ta fill you up big time!"
remarked Bubba  happily.  Jennifer's voice wasn't anywhere near as  happy.

"I'm feeling weird, please, no more!" begged Jennifer,  as she wriggled her hips
in a failed attempt to stop the  twelve grapes inside of her from pressing
against her  inner vaginal walls.

"You'll stop when I tell ya girl, now keep cramming em  in!  Or my cock will be
making wine in your pussy if you  get my drift."

"Nooooo!!!  I'm doing it!" replied Jennifer with a  renewed sense of energy.

Thirteen, fourteen, fifteen...

Jennifer felt each grape pushing the other deeper inside  her pussy every time
she shoved another one in.  She  began to think about how she was ever going to
get them  out of her.

Sixteen, seventeen, eighteen...

Bubba licked his lips, watching Jennifer's delicate  fingers pushing one grape
after another inside of her.   He loved seeing how they would simply disappear
inside  her elastically tight hole.  And he had front row seats!

Nineteen, twenty, twenty one...

The first three grapes were really pressing against the  back of Jennifer's
pussy, being completely slimed with  her slippery secretions.  Her muscles would
tighten and  clench around them as she struggled to accommodate them  inside of
her as easily as she could, but there was  really no easy way to alleviate the
stretching feelings  she was going through.

Twenty two, twenty three, twenty four...

Bubba tried to imagine how full Jennifer's pussy would  be right about now.  He
decided that she had an equal  volume of grapes in her than the butt plug he had
shoved  into her earlier.  So if he was able to double that,  then he would have
an accomplishment in his hands, or  should he say, up Jennifer's crotch.

Twenty five, twenty six, twenty seven...

"Ok that's enough!!  I'm too full!!" said Jennifer as  she felt as though she
was giving birth.  Each grape was  now a huge struggle to push in as it had to
find a way  to force itself against the others.  Something had to  give, and
that would ultimately end up being Jennifer's  pussy walls, which were
stretching out in all directions  slowly but surely, causing her great
discomfort and  increasing her stress level.

Twenty eight, twenty nine, thirty...

"It aint near enough Jenny.  We're goin' for the world  record!" laughed Bubba
sadistically as he leaned in  closer to watch the goings-on between the tiny
white  girl's legs.  Jennifer's inner pussy lips were now  gaping open, and he
could see about three grapes all  tightly bunched together inside her.  With
each grape  that she now pushed inside her, it slipped into the side  with much
difficulty, sidling up to its neighbors, and  caused her vaginal opening to
start to gape lewdly,  wider and wider with each grape.

"Hold it!" shouted Bubba.  "Pull your ass cheeks apart,  we've got some cramming
to do!"

Immediately, Jennifer reached back and pulled her tight  buns apart, causing
three of the grapes to pop out, one  of them hitting Bubba square on the nose,
causing him to  emit a burst of uproarious laughter, and causing  Jennifer's
cheeks to blush a bright pink from utter  humiliation.

Still smiling, Bubba began pushing his fingers against  the grapes inside her
stretched out hole, forcing the  deepest ones to fill in every available nook
and cranny  that they could find.  Jennifer gasped in pain as the  grapes
mercilessly filled her up.  With her vagina  filling up and her rectum getting
pressed towards her  back, it felt as though she totally had to go to the 
bathroom and have a baby all at the same time.

"Good, that makes some more room.  Come on Jenny lets  see if we can make
fifty!!" said Bubba.

Jennifer lost it.

"Fuck you!!  I can't put any more in me, I'm too full!"  cried out Jennifer
before she had a chance to think  about what she was saying.  Without missing a
beat,  Bubba cracked his flat hand across the center of both of  Jennifer's
buttocks, spanking her with a loud  SPLAAAAAT!!!

"NOOOOO!!!!!!" cried Jennifer as the heavy slap caused  her to tighten up all
the muscles in her lower body,  forcing three grapes to again spit out of her. 
A thin  stream of light green grape juice began to trickle out  of her as well.

Bubba laughed.  "Man, you must have some strong cunt  muscles there Jenny,
you're crushin' the shit outta  those poor little guys!!  HA HA HA!!!" laughed
Bubba as  Jennifer was gritting her teeth, trying to keep herself  from kicking
him in the face.

Reaching down, Bubba grabbed the three slippery grapes  and shoved them back
inside her twat, eliciting more  moans and groans from Jennifer's lips.

"You're not doin' a very good job Jenny.  I'm takin'  over from here!" said
Bubba as Jennifer now had to  concentrate on her burning rear end as well as her 
constantly stretching pussy.

Bubba was able to cram eight more grapes inside her  before he realized that she
had completely peaked.   Thirty eight grapes!  Amazing, thought Bubba.  Running 
his hands over her stomach, Bubba could feel her tummy  bulging out from the
bulky grapes making her feel like  she had a football inside her pussy.  Several
grapes  could be seen in her gaping twat that was bulging from  the inside out.

"I aint takin' no chances with your cunt firing grapes  at me again." said Bubba
as he tore off a strip of duct  tape from a fresh roll and applied it right over 
Jennifer's crotch.  Instantly the tape congealed with  the skin of her pussy,
melding to it in an incredibly  strong adhesive grip.  Bubba slid his hand up
and down  over her duct tape covered crotch to ensure that the  sticky substance
had completely adhered to her skin and  the pussy hair around her lips.  Tearing
off another  strip, Bubba placed it over the first, and then further  down
underneath her ,all the way up to her bellybutton.   Jennifer knew that when
that tape had to come off, it  was going to hurt like a bandaid from hell.  The
thought  of it made her fearful, but even worse was the fact that  her vagina
was bulging outwards in every direction that  it could go, making her feel
twenty pounds heavier.  My  poor pussy, thought Jennifer, that bastard's ruining
my  tightness!

"Now don't you DARE move girl!  We were twelve short of  our goal of fifty, so
it looks like your ass is gonna  have to make up the difference!" laughed Bubba
as he  grabbed several more grapes.  Jennifer begged and  pleaded for him not
to, but she willed herself to remain  on her hands and knees as Bubba sucked
each grape before  pushing them past her incredibly tight sphincter  muscles.

Sure enough, twelve grapes were pressed up Jennifer's  rectum, making it a total
of fifty inside of her.  Bubba  was pleased as he placed another strip of duct
tape over  her asshole and up to her tail bone, patting it down  until he knew
it was not going to give.

"There!  Perfect!  Now stand up girl, we got some more  gymnastics to do!"

How in the hell could he make her do gymnastics with all  of those grapes inside
of her, Jennifer thought to  herself...the volume of them was far greater than
any of  the sex toys he had already pushed inside her.  Time for  some more
pleading.

"How can you do this?  I thought you said I was going to  release and feel good! 
This HURTS!!!" cried Jennifer as  she stood up slowly, barely able to straighten
out as  every minute tiny movement caused the grapes to grind  against her pussy
and ass walls in all sorts of nasty  little ways.

"You want to release huh?  Well good things come to  those who wait, and that
means you.  So hop to it!   Let's get in that gym room for some more leaps and 
jumps!  I think I can watch that for hours at a time!"  mocked Bubba as
Jennifer's anger with him grew.

As she hobbled in towards the gymnasium, she thought of  every dirty name in the
book that she wanted to call  him, as she held her lower tummy with both hands,
in  agony from being so full.  And that nasty tape was  pulling and tugging at
the delicate skin in between her  legs that it was so tightly fastened to. 
Every move was  painful for her; she had to take tiny baby steps to  prevent her
legs from moving too far apart, or the tape  felt as though it was going to rip
her pussy lips in two  different directions.

As soon as Bubba and Jennifer reached the gymnasium mat,  Jennifer collapsed
onto her knees, still clutching her  churning stomach that she thought was going
to explode  right through the duct tape.  Bubba shook his head,  smiling.

"Do I have to get the whip again girl?  Stand up and  lets see some flips!" said
Bubba as he waited for her  response.  When Jennifer started to protest again,
Bubba  slapped a piece of duct tape right across her lips!  Now  all he heard
was some moaning and whimpering as she  stood facing him.

"Ah, that's better.  I love ya Jenny, but your voice is  a pain in the ass
sometimes." said Bubba as he watched  Jennifer's eyes bulge out of her head as
she looked  somewhere behind him.

"Now what?  Are those grapes makin' ya feel good Jenny?"  asked Bubba humorously
as he watched her pointing behind  him, and motioning with her eyes and hands
for him to  turn around.  Bubba noticed how strangely she was acting  as though
she were in a state of panic.

"What the hell is your probl....."

Bubba didn't have a chance to continue as a pistol from  behind him whipped into
the back of his head, knocking  him immediately unconscious.  Jennifer watched
in horror  as Bubba's immense body collapsed to the matt, bleeding  from the
back of his head where the pistol end had made  contact with his skull.

Jennifer fell to her knees, and stared with open eyes to  the two large men
standing right behind Bubba's  collapsed body.

"Well well well," said Leroy condescendingly.  "What in  the hell do we have
here."

Jennifer stared at the large black man standing in front  of her, he was
enormous...just as big, perhaps bigger  than Bubba, and with a cruel, much more
sadistic  expression on his face than Bubba ever had.  Jennifer  turned her head
a fraction of an inch to look at the  other man standing beside Leroy. 
Clarence's body seemed  to be a white carbon copy of Leroy's, just as large and 
menacing.  The expression on his face was totally  unmistakable; it was one of
pure lust.  She immediately  recognized the symbols on their bandanas, the
symbols of  the city's dreaded West Side Boys!

Her heart sank as she began to realize her horrible  predicament.  These two men
came out of nowhere, and now  had knocked Bubba unconscious, and were staring at
her  as though she was nothing more than a piece of fresh  meat thrown to a pack
of lions.  Knowing that they were  West Side Boy gang members, and having heard
of their  horribly cruel reputation, Jennifer began to wish that  she was dead.

And she had a horrible feeling that her wish was going  to come true in the
hands of these two huge cruel  monsters standing in front of her.

Clarence looked at the young sex toy kneeling in front  of him, and felt his
loins stirring.  He loved them  young, and this girl was better than just
young...she  was young, hot, hardbodied and duct taped, it couldn't  get any
better than that.

Leroy chuckled to himself.  "Man Clarence, would you  look at that.  Buster and
Tyrone are going to be wishing  they had done this drive by of old Charlie's on
their  own!  Looks like we're going to have ourselves an  interesting evening!"

Jennifer's eyes bulged out almost as much as her pussy  and rectum were.  She
realized that her nightmare had  just taken a turn for the worse.  Bubba may
have been  sadistic and cruel, but he was at least giving her an  out.  She knew
these men would not be treating her the  same way.  The looks on their faces
said it all.

"Baby," said Leroy menacingly, "You're going to get the  fucking of your
life........."


***TO BE CONTINUED in PART 5***


Thanks to any readers who have sent me emails about this  story.  Your comments,
criticism and feedback are always  welcome and appreciated.

Once again, to all authors out there, thanks for your  great contributions.  And
to all readers out there,  hopefully you'll be inspired to contribute stuff too.  
I'm certainly not a polished writer by any means, just a  layman trying to give
a little back.  My belief is that  even poorly written erotic literature is
better than  non-written erotic literature.  And writing this stuff  is not only
surprisingly simple, but it's also a lot of  fun.  So keep writing out there!

Best wishes,

Dave Haugen, dave_haugen@hotmail.com



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave Haugen


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





