BDSM Library - Songs of the Dance




Songs of the Dance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl with large breasts is kidnapped and trained to be a slave by a wealthy older man. Slow buildup to some intense scenes, and even a bit of romance.
      All the usual disclaimers apply to this work of fantasy. I do not condone
any of the actions that take place in this story, nor would I like to be any of
the characters or do anything that they do. This is fiction.
     
      The Songs of the Dance
     
      by Archetype
     
      "The noblest of men have thoughts that would scare the Devil himself."




      Chapter 1:  Beginnings

     

      Dominic Alphonse D'Attilio sat in his study examining a large file on his
desk. Occasionally he would look up as data and pictures were displayed on a
screen on the wall in front of him. The large, well appointed room was quiet but
for the occasional sounds of his pen as he made notes in the file. After some
time, he sat up and looked at the screen more intently. Then he spoke, his first
word activating the intercom to his outer office.

      "Jaffa, could you come in here please?"

      A few moments later a large man entered the room. He was dressed in a
tailored servant's uniform, but his bearing was assured and confident. "What do
you think?" Dominic asked, pointing at the monitor on the wall. This was the
latest in flat screen, high definition technology. It looked more like a clean
window than a television. On screen was the image of a young woman standing in a
modestly appointed bathroom. The picture must have been taken through the mirror
she was looking at. The woman was naked.

      "She is exceptionally beautiful, sir. British?"

      "Yes and no. She's half-French, half-British. Her father was a British
Army occer who met a French musician while vacationing in Paris. They married,
and Mandy was born in 1996. The mother died a few weeks later of complications,
and the father raised the girl with the help of nannies and girl's boarding
schools. Then he was killed in an accident in 2014 - just last year. The girl
spent her last year of boarding school as a ward of the State, but has now
graduated and is planning to attend a private university in the United States."

      "That is good, sir. No other family?".

      "None. And no male friends to date." said Dominic. "And she is planning a
trip to Paris next week."

      The valet nodded his head, looking at the screen. Jaffa was an employee of
the D'Atillio Corporation, but the relationship was much more than that. He had
lived and worked with Dominic for seventeen years, and the reciprocal trust and
respect he shared with his employer was absolute.

      On his part, Dominic Alphonse D'Attilio was a wealthy and powerful man. A
former executive, he now shunned public attention and managed his affairs from
his home - an isolated estate in the south of France. The main house, occupied
by Dominic himself, was lavishly furnished and held his office along with his
sleeping and eating quarters, a library, gym, swimming pool with sauna, music
room, and a sheltered roof-top garden. Around the estate were various
outbuildings assigned to his personal staff, including valet, doctor, guards,
and driver. The whole acreage was surrounded by patrolled fences, and nearest
neighbors lived miles away.

      The setting was ideal for Dominic's activities. Dominic owned and ran an
organization that captured and trained young women for service to extremely
wealthy men from around the world. He was, quite simply, a trainer and provider
of female slaves. There were several such organizations in the world of 2015,
but Dominic's was the best. His subjects were beautiful and, by the time they
left his estate, docile and anxious to please. They carried a money back
guarantee that had never been claimed.

      Dominic took great pride in his organization and in its methods. None of
his competitors had a similar record of satisfied customers, and none could
command such high prices for their products. Dominic used old fashioned
techniques - no drugs and no submissives. Drug induced slavery was easy to
achieve, but the subjects were never as stimulating as the genuine ones. As
well, Dominic avoided the use of true submissives. These consensual slaves were
easy to find, but his customers demanded more.

      There was another key to Dominic's success. This was the tremendous effort
he and his employees put into the selection of subjects. Unsurpassed physical
beauty was a prerequisite, but even this was not succient. Subjects needed to
have the right mental attitudes as well. The requirements here were very subtle.
It was essential that they be unwilling slaves, so that the owners could derive
the appropriate satisfaction from their punishments and humiliations. But at the
same time, some subjects were so unwilling that they could never make
satisfactory slaves. They would become depressed, even suicidal, when facing the
prospect of unending subjugation. What was needed was balance, and at finding
this balance Dominic was the undisputed master.

      The young woman's name was Mandarin "Mandy" Gray. The file on Dominic's
desk was thorough. At age nineteen she was already an accomplished pianist. She
also had a passion for dance, which she pursued with private lessons. Mandy's
upbringing had been strict, but not cruel. Her father had been a warm and loving
man, although he could be very stern and unyielding when his daughter broke any
of his rules for behaviour. He never physically punished the girl, finding it
unnecessary. Mandy loved him greatly, and had been very anxious to please him.
She worked hard at school, becoming an honor student, and gaining admission to
university. In return, her well meaning father had done his best to protect and
shelter his daughter from the harsher sides of life.

      There was a physical profile in the file as well, but Dominic simply
looked at the screen. Mandy was a beautiful young woman with flawless creamy
skin. Her face was lovely and wholesome with large brown eyes. Her lips were
thick and sensual and her smile was dazzling. Her luxurious blond hair was cut
short, but soft curls fell attractively about her ears and neck. She was only
5'3" in height, and fairly slender. Her years of dancing training had given her
shapely legs and a very slim waist. On screen, one of her legs was bent at the
knee and rose smoothly into a lovely round behind.

      But there was no question that Mandy's most spectacular assets were her
breasts. These were outstanding - firm, round, and massive. On the screen Mandy
was standing somewhat to the side, leaning forward slightly, and Dominic could
see that there was scarcely any sag to her breasts at all. Given their size, it
was remarkable that they seemed so firm. Rather, they were wide at the base, so
that they touched each other in the middle even when hanging freely. The nipples
were a lovely pink color, as were the large aureolae that surrounded them.

      Despite her physical attractiveness, the file also indicated that she was
quite inexperienced in the ways of love. This was partly due to her sheltered
life in private girl's schools, but also due in part to her personality. She was
very much attached to her father, and found the attitude of boys her age
intimidating. She was also very self conscious about her breasts, wearing only
thick sweatshirts when out, and insisting that her dancing lessons be held in
private.

      Dominic looked at Jaffa. "I think she is the one for us," he said simply.
Then he looked down from the screen, turned to his computer, and composed a
short message. The message was automatically encrypted and sent over his private
satellite system to one of his operatives in Britain. Dominic's employees were
trusted professionals, and their methods were eccient.. It would not be long
before he received a house guest.

     

      * * *

      Mandy was excited to be in Paris again. As she left the plane at Orly
Airport, she smelled the air and listened with pleasure to the sounds of French
being spoken around her. She didn't notice the two men who followed her off the
plane and through the terminal. Mandy retrieved her luggage and went to the curb
to call a taxi. The sidewalk was uncrowded at this time of the day. The two men
moved into place behind her. A large limousine drove up and stopped in front of
her. The back door opened and immediately Mandy was grabbed and smoothly shoved
inside. It happened so quickly Mandy had no time to call out, and no-one took
notice as the car smoothly pulled away.

      Inside the back seat, Mandy was held forcefully to the floor by the weight
of the two men. She struggled and cried out, but the weight on her legs and back
was succient to hold her firmly against the carpeted floor. There was another
man in the front passenger seat. Carefully, he took a full syringe out of the
glove box and turned to lean over the back of his seat. The men in the back
moved to sit directly on Mandy, one on her back and the other on her legs. The
syringe was plunged through her clothes and into her right buttock, causing
Mandy to shriek with the sharp pain. Moments later her struggles ceased.




      Chapter 2:  An Examination

     

      Some time later (how long?), Mandy woke up disoriented, lying on an
unfamiliar bed in a room she had never seen before. It seemed to be lit by
skylights in the ceiling, but they were frosted white, and there were no
windows. Looking around she saw several large mirrors fastened to the walls, a
wardrobe, a dresser, a chair, a vanity. Seeing a door, she placed her bare feet
on the carpeted floor and walked over, still feeling groggy. It was locked.
There was another door on the other side of the room. It was open, but led only
to a large, even luxurious, bathroom.

      Mandy walked back into the main room. She saw herself in one of the
mirrors, and noted that she was still dressed as she had been in the airport.
Apart from the wrinkles in her clothes, she could have just got off the plane.
But where was she? Fighting off her grogginess, she tried desperately to recall
what had happened. The last thing she remembered was the sharp pain in her
behind and the smell of the carpet in the car. After that, nothing.

      Suddenly, the door to the room opened and three people walked in - a
middle aged woman followed by two men. The men were large. Wide-eyed, Mandy
stared at the three of them, uncertain what to say. The men took up positions on
either side of the door, their faces alert, watching her. Then the woman stepped
forward. A bit taller than Mandy, she was middle aged and a bit overweight -
matronly almost. It was clear, though, that she had once been a beauty. She wore
a tailored suit that bulged largely over her breasts, and hips. Her hair was
dark, with touches of grey.

      The woman spoke first. "You are Mandy Gray." It was not a question. "I am
a doctor. You may call me Doctor Rose."

      "What am I doing here?" Mandy asked the obvious question. "I don't want to
be here." Mandy's eyes were filling with tears, and she was beginning to realize
that the two men were there to keep her inside. They smiled at her as she
watched their faces. A lump of fear was growing in her throat.

      Rose Dawson looked at the girl standing there. What she had not said was
that she herself had been a slave of the D'Atillio Corporation. She had been
kidnapped, trained, and sold nearly twenty years ago, right after she had
finished medical school. She had been thoroughly trained, all right. Ten years
later there had still been nothing in her mind but the pleasure of her Master.
But her Master had tired of her. She was too submissive - she enjoyed her
position too much, she had never given him enough excuses to punish her. So, in
a move that she bitterly resented, her Master had set her free. She drifted for
some time, and then went back to Dominic. But even Dominic would not take her as
a slave. Instead, Dominic had sent her back to medical school and provided all
she needed to retrain in the latest technologies. Now she was an employee. A
loyal one.

      "Miss Gray, I cannot let you go - that is a decision depending on the
Master of this house. You will be meeting him tonight."

      Mandy's eyebrows raised. "Master?" she said. She didn't get it.

      The doctor continued, paying no attention to her query: "I am here to give
you a physical examination prior to your entry into training and service. I will
be assessing your health and your personality, and I will be designing an
appropriate dietary and exercise routine for you. From what I understand about
you, however, you are already in good physical shape. So all we really need to
test at this stage is your mind. I will need to monitor your responses to some
standard stimuli."

      Mandy's head was spinning. "What are you talking about?"

      "I told you. I am a doctor. What I do to you today is for your own good.
You are a valuable property, my dear, and we need to be sure you are not damaged
by what will be happening to you."

      Rose was aware of the effect of her words on the young girl. She had been
there herself, and indeed she had been here herself, many times before as slaves
were introduced to their new home. Sometimes they ran, sometimes not. Sometimes
they screamed hysterically, sometimes not. What would this one do?

      Her question was answered as Mandy's eyes narrowed suddenly, and she broke
for the door. She aimed a kick at the crotch of the nearest guard as she
approached. It landed, and the guard just missed grabbing her leg. But the other
was on top of her instantly, wrapping his arms around her from the back, and
leaning back so that her feet left the floor. He walked her back into the room.
The other guard joined him, and they held her firmly by the upper arms on each
side, standing her up in front of the doctor.

      Rose flashed a cold smile at her, her forehead somewhat furrowed, "Miss
Gray. That is no way for a guest to behave."

      Mandy, shedding angry tears, retorted: "I am not your guest. I was brought
here against my will. I want to leave!"

      Rose reached out to take Mandy's face in her two hands. She stroked her
cheeks gently. "Wake up, little one! And listen carefully. You have already
earned yourself some punishment for that silly bit of disobedience. Now we must
finish our examination so that your can prepare yourself to meet the Master."

      Mandy looked back at Rose with tear filled eyes and then surprisingly,
biting her lower lip, she nodded.

      Rose smiled again. "Strip her!" she ordered.

      Mandy cried out as one guard moved behind her, holding her arms tightly
behind her back. The other moved in front, and in one movement stripped her
skirt down over her knees, exposing a pair of cotton panties. Then he reached
for her collar, and ripped her blouse and jacket apart violently. Her breasts
were held in a full cotton bra that flattened them against her chest. The guard
bent down to rip her skirt off her legs, and then stood up and held her
shoulders from the front while her blouse and jacket were ripped down her arms.
The guard behind grabbed her again, and her panties were next, tearing as they
came down her legs. Mandy had been struggling, but with her thick blond pubic
hairs exposed, she stopped and tried to hide them, thrusting her naked ass back
into the guard behind her. He held on tighter, laughing now, and thrust his
pelvis lewdly against her.

      "Stop!" It was Rose, now standing in front of Mandy as the guards took up
their earlier positions. Mandy stopped too, looking at Rose expectantly. Rose
reached out to Mandy's bra, caressing the breasts held tightly within the cups.
"We shall have to get you some nicer clothes." she said. Then, taking a pair of
scissors from a pocket in her jacket she snipped the left shoulder strap, and
then the right. The scissors then ran up the middle of Mandy's chest, and
snipped once more. The cups sprung open sideways and fell to the floor.

      Rose and the guards stood there stunned. Mandy's breasts were enormous.
They stood out on her chest like great melons, convex on the top and rounder on
the bottom. Of course they hung against her chest underneath, but they could not
be said to sag at all. It was more like they had just been placed there. They
covered her chest, wide so they actually formed a small cleavage the middle.

      For just a moment all four of them stood transfixed. Then Mandy, sensing
an opportunity, suddenly made a sharp attempt to get free. She failed, but Rose
almost staggered backwards at the sight of her two breasts jumping and jiggling
violently back and forth as she tried to escape. Panting, Mandy quietened down
and stood there with her hands still held tightly, looking at Rose.

      "Oh my," said Rose, simply. She felt an odd mix of sympathy and jealousy.
Sympathy because she too had arrived at the chateau with a pair of firm
attractive breasts, and she knew these breasts were sure to be a centre of
attention in the near future. Dominic would see their power and punish them
terribly. But her love for Dominic made her jealous too. Her own breasts could
hold his attention at times, but she knew she would lose him completely until
this slave was trained and sold.

      "On the bed! I want her tied tightly!"

      Rose's orders were obeyed. Mandy was carried over to the bed and dumped on
her back. She tried to get up, but one of the guards placed his knee across her
thighs, and then held her shoulders down with his hands while the other walked
around the bed attaching leather straps around her ankles and wrists. He also
attached one around her neck, tightening it to the point where she could just
feel it all around. She then heard a whirring sound, and felt her ankles being
clipped to ropes that then pulled back into the corners of the bed. Her wrists
followed, and soon she was speadeagled on the bed, face up, naked.

      "Thank you," Rose said politely to the two guards, dismissing them. The
guards stood briefly at attention beside the bed, and then left the room,
stealing a glance at Mandy as they left. They walked briskly down the hall,
their elation growing. These guards were well paid, but the immediate rewards
for services like these awaited them in their quarters. The operations of the
D'Attilio corporation demanded fierce loyalty from all its workers, and loyalty
was rewarded.

      Back on the bed, Mandy was terrified. She looked into the doctor's eyes,
hoping to see some semblance of humanity there. What she saw gave her pause. It
was - detachment. Rose was looking down at Mandy, exposed so vulnerably
underneath her, as if she were not a person at all, but a thing. Rose looked at
her breasts, and then her gaze went down Mandy's body to her crotch, and than
back up to her face. Then Rose looked into Mandy's frightened eyes carefully.

      "This is such an interesting time," she said, almost to herself. "You have
no idea what is about to happen, do you?"

      Without waiting for an answer, Rose went to the door and stepped outside
into the hall. Moments later she returned with a trolley of medical and
electronic equipment. She moved the trolley beside the bed, and then brought the
chair from the vanity over in front of it. She placed the chair at about the
level of Mandy's waist, facing the monitor on the trolley that was at the level
of Mandy's outstretched armpits. Then she reached under the trolley to bring out
something that looked a bit like a thick motorcycle helmet. Leaning forward, she
placed this over Mandy's head and adjusted a strap tightly under her chin.

      Medical technology in the early 21st century had seen some remarkable
advances. Building on the discovery of the Josephson junction in the 1990's, it
was now possible to build brain scanning devices that could detect the firing of
a single neuron deep inside the brain. The first neural scanners were enormous
expensive machines that surrounded the subject like the obsolete CAT scanners of
the late 20th century. Gradually, over the next two decades, their size was
reduced and the computational power required to make sense of the output kept
pace. The helmet on Mandy's head was capable of detecting and physically
locating all of the electrical activity in her brain.

      To Mandy, however, it was just one more reason to be frightened. This was
too strange, and too real. She looked at the Doctor, her mouth opening, but
quite unable to speak.

      The doctor took no notice, but began to speak herself. "The helmet on your
head is actually quite a special machine. It will allow me to detect which parts
of your brain become active under different stimuli."

      At the word "stimuli" Mandy felt a shudder go through her body.

      "Ah, you are worried about what stimuli I will choose?" Rose chuckled
softly, still looking at the screen.

      "I see your amygdala is working hard. This is the standard response to
fear - it is instructing your body to produce adrenaline, in preparation for
action. Of course in this case you are quite incapable of action, so your cortex
is trying to counteract these instructions. Most important, however, is the
activity in your orbital cortex. This is the location of your deepest moral
principles."

      The Doctor paused to reach out and pinch Mandy's closest nipple. Suddenly
she squeezed hard, digging in with her nails. As Mandy yelped, she continued: "I
just need to do some calibrations. We set the machine up as best we can for a
standard female brain, but each one is different. Now, let's see . . . "

      Rose leaned towards the screen, concentrating, rolling Mandy's nipple
between the nails of her thumb and forefinger. She paused, digging even deeper,
then released the nipple and typed quickly for a moment with both hands. "Good,
that's almost got it. Just one more . . . "

      This time Rose's left hand reached for Mandy's widespread crotch. She
looked away from the screen for a moment to guide it to the top of her vagina,
where two of her fingers spread the lips gently, revealing the soft bud of her
clitoris. Gently she began to rub the little nub, her finger circling gently.
Mandy caught her breath, as much from the shock as from any erotic feelings.
Rose stared intently at the screen, and then her hands went to tap the keyboard
one more time. "Good, we've located everything we need."

      Rose brought her hands together on her lap, and turned to face Mandy,
still lying spreadeagled in her helmet. "What you will be experiencing over the
next weeks and months, Mandy, is called traumatic learning. We will be trying to
reach your orbital cortex, the part of your brain that contains the instructions
for your deepest moral codes. Accessing this part of the brain is easy in small
children, but for someone your age it is a bit more diccult. What is required
are truly traumatic experiences. Evolution has provided this mechanism for
lessons that are critical to survival. We will be using it for our own
purposes."

      Rose went on, speaking like a grade school teacher: "Now the problem is,
Mandy, that people are all different. So the kinds of trauma that work for some
will not work for others. For some it is fear. For others, humiliation. And for
some, it is pain, pure and simple, that does the trick. What will it be for
you?"

      Mandy could not answer. She was frozen - transfixed by the doctor's words,
and by their detached delivery.

      "Sometimes, of course," the doctor added, almost as an afterthought, "It
is in finding the correct combination."

      Rose reached under the trolley once more and brought out a pair of
scissors and a small comb. "We will start by testing your response to
humiliation." she said. Then she moved her chair back, so that she could look
directly down at Mandy's crotch. Reaching under the end of the bed, she touched
something and there was a soft humming noise. To Mandy's horror the posts at her
feet began to move out and up, spreading her legs even further and raising them
off the bed. Rose leaned her head over and watched Mandy's crotch as it came
into better view.

      "Does it embarrass you to have a stranger looking directly at your vagina,
Mandy?" Her voice was mocking, and a soft smile played across her lips. Mandy's
head was turned, and tears were welling up in her eyes.

      Finally the humming stopped. Mandy's legs were violently spread, so that
Rose could easily see her lips and the puckered entrance below them. She ran a
hand up Mandy's inner thigh until it reached the edge of her bush, where her
finger traced out a clean edge.

      "I see you shave your legs right up to your bikini line. Very nice. But
during your stay here you will most often be naked, so the bikini line is not
quite enough, don't you think?" Rose's fingers were idly brushing through
Mandy's pubic hairs now. "The Master likes to see his girls' lips pouting
sweetly through the curls. So we will style your curls to please him, I think."

      Rose took the comb and started running it through Mandy's bush, combing
her hairs towards the centre from each side. Initially they were quite tangled,
and she had to tug several times until they combed freely Then she took the
scissors and laid them gently along the line made by the two lips of her vagina,
now hardly visible under the thick mass of hairs. "Shall we trim your pubic
hairs for the Master, Mandy? Shall we expose your cunt lips so that he can see
them pouting nicely?"

      Mandy sobbed suddenly, tears of shame squeezing out of her closed eyes.
"Please," she said. "Don't touch me there. Don't do this."

      Rose chuckled. "I think we will." She pointed the scissors down and slowly
began snipping up the line where Mandy's labia met. Then she started again at
the bottom, moving slightly to the right and angling the scissors to shape the
hair into a round edge. One more pass up the left side, and the lips were both
exposed. Rose brushed the hairs off the sheet below, and then cocked her head to
examine her handiwork. Beside her, the computer screen displayed a glowing map
of Mandy's brain, recording the activity inside her skull.

      Rose ran one finger up the newly exposed slit. "Stubble?" she exclaimed.
"We can't have that." Reaching again below the trolley she brought out a long
straight razor and a small aerosol can. Then she reached toward Mandy's vagina
with her left hand. Three fingers entered her, and with her thumb on top she
gently pulled out the left lip. With her right hand she squirted a small amount
of shaving cream down the stretched area, and then she gently started scraping
off the stubble. "Oh Mandy," she said. "The master will be so pleased when he
inspects you and sees how well you have been prepared, don't you think?"

      Rose knew that all of the activity on the screen was being recorded, but
she glanced up there anyway to see the effect her words were having. "Oh, but
there is still the other lip." she said after a moment. Then, deftly switching
hands, she shaved the other side, leaving about a quarter of an inch on each
side completely free of hair. She also shaved around the top, so that the part
covering her clitoris was also bare. Then, in a final gesture, she shaved
Mandy's perineum, the expanse of skin between her vagina and rectum.

      "I must say, I think that looks rather nice. Would you like to see it? Of
course you would." Rose took a hand mirror from the trolley and held it in front
of Mandy's crotch. "Look, Mandy, see how nicely your cunt is displayed."

      Mandy could not keep herself from looking. What she saw was her thatch of
bushy curls with a pink gash up the middle. She did not think it looked
beautiful at all. She was ashamed. Her thighs contracted, trying to hide it, but
she could not.

      Rose put the mirror down and looked at the screen. She typed for a short
time, and then looked again."Good," she said finally. "Humiliation is always so
effective."

      Next she reached again onto the lower shelf of the trolley and came up
with a large wooden tongue depressor. Another reach brought up a small jar. She
inserted the wooden implement into the jar and it came out with a greasy brown
substance on the end. "This", she said proudly, "is my own invention. It is a
derivative of an alkaloid found in the stinging tree, a tropical jungle plant."

      Very carefully, Rose tipped the end of the spatula down into Mandy's
crotch, and wiped it across her newly shaved perineum. "This compound causes
exquisite pain," she said, looking into Mandy's eyes. "It builds slowly, which
allows me to collect good data. But soon, there will be nothing on earth as
important to you as the pain in your crotch."

      Mandy was stunned by what had been happening so far, and could say
nothing. But she also felt nothing. What was happening? Suddenly she felt an
itch grab her by the crotch. She tried to squeeze her thighs together, but the
ropes held. She started to pump her hips up and down as the itch turned into a
burn. It continued to build, and her breaths became louder. Without really being
aware of it, she heard herself starting to scream, louder as the pain became a
searing, scorching fire. It was a blowtorch, aimed right in her crotch.

      Rose was sitting facing the screen now, her hand lightly on Mandy's hip,
feeling the shudders run through her body as it arched off the bed. "Soon! ...
Yes! There!" She sat back in her chair with an air of satisfaction.

      Mandy's screams of agony continued. "Stop it! Make it stop! Please!"

      The doctor watched for a few moments as Mandy's breasts gyrated wildly
across her chest. The girl was  rocking from side to side, her hips pumping, her
hands clasping and unclasping.

      After a moment, she reached under the trolley one last time to pull out a
tube filled with another cream. Squeezing some onto her finger, she rubbed it
onto the poor girl's crotch.

      The effect of the antidote was immediate. Mandy fairly gasped with relief.
"Ahh! Thank you!" She was panting hard, her breasts wobbling back and forth.

      "You will want to rest for a bit." said Rose. She leaned over and looked
evenly into Mandy's eyes. They showed relief and gratitude, but it was the
focused receptiveness that Rose was looking for. Mandy was ready to learn.
"Tonight you will meet the Master. You must always look your best when meeting
your master. Do you understand?" Rose was speaking with level seriousness. This
was, in fact, the day's lesson, and it headed straight into the girl's
traumatized brain. Mandy nodded, her eyes wide.

      Seeing this, Rose's expression changed, and she smiled sympathetically.
"But, this leaves you with a few hours to sleep. You will be awakened at the
appropriate time." Rose released Mandy's arms and legs, but did not take off the
leather straps. Mandy was too exhausted to move. She brought her arms down, and
when Rose pushed her trolley out into the hall, Mandy was already half asleep.

      Rose went outside to her own quarters where over the next hour she
reviewed the tapes and wrote up her report for Dominic. Fairly straightforward,
this one. Pain and humiliation were the triggers, with humiliation being perhaps
a more powerful tool than usual. In fact, if anything this one might be
unusually easy. As she finished it and sent it off, she began to anticipate her
own reward. What would it be this time? A visit from the two guards, perhaps?
She had dismissed them rather abruptly. Perhaps Dominic would give her to them
for the night for revenge? She shuddered with anticipation, remembering an
intense moment when she had been on her hands and knees between them, one in her
mouth and the other pumping in her ass. Presently, there was a knock at her
door.




      Chapter 3. Meet the Master

     

      Sometime later, Mandy awoke to the sound of a soft alarm. She got up
quickly. She had to be ready to meet the Master. Maybe he would listen to
reason. Maybe he would help her. She was naked but for the bands on her wrists,
ankles and neck. Inspecting them, she saw that they had been snapped together in
a way that she could not undo. Each of them held a small metal ring that could
not be removed, but it could be opened and snapped closed. Leaving them, she
took a shower and dried her hair. The bands dried quickly.

      She actually started to feel better as she sat at the vanity. She was
surprised at the furnishings of the bathroom - everything was luxurious and
expensive. She brushed her hair until it gleamed, then she opened the closet to
find a black silk gown, a black lace bra, and panties, also black lace. She had
never seen such clothes, let alone thought for a moment about wearing something
like them. But a part of her was saying "I must look good for the Master, and
this will surely help."

      Everything fitted perfectly. The bra was cut low in the middle and
supported her breasts from the sides, giving her a long cleavage. The gown hung
close to her body, but was so expensive and tasteful, even at her bust line,
that she felt quite good in it. Looking at herself in the mirror, she saw that
her cleavage was covered but for a small hint at the bodice. From the side,
however, her massive breasts seemed to hover impossibly over her flat waist.
This was stylish attire, but hardly modest. Mandy sat back down at the vanity to
put on a slight touch of makeup, and waited. It was not long before she heard a
noise at the door.

      It was the guards again. "The Master is waiting" said one.

      Mandy knew that she no real choice and rose to join the guards. Actually,
she wanted to meet this "Master of the house". She would learn something. Maybe
there had been some mistake.

      Jaffa was standing outside in the hall. He motioned for her to follow, and
walked down the hall. The two guards took up positions on either side of her and
slightly behind. Mandy started to follow, her mood a strange mix of terror,
hope, and curiosity. She became aware of her newly shaven labia under her
clothes. With an effort she began to calm herself down. She focused her
thoughts. Her expression was calm. She was determined to present a dignified
appearance at her meeting.

      Jaffa stopped at before a large double door, and turned to face her. Then
he asked Mandy to hold her hands behind her neck.

      "What? No . . ." Mandy began, but the guards grabbed her hands firmly and
held them in position. Mandy's eyes began to brim with tears as Jaffa locked her
wrists together and attached them both to the ring at the back of her neck. Then
he turned her to face the doors and knocked. The guards let go her hands, taking
up positions behind her.

      Mandy could not believe how easily her resolve had been broken. Two large
tears were rolling down her cheeks when the doors opened in front of her. She
found herself looking in on a large living room covered with thick wall to wall
carpet and lit only by the flames of the fireplace and oil lamps on the walls.
Dark wood paneling and bookcases covered all the walls. The place smelled of old
leather and smoke.

      A man sat in front of the fireplace under one of the lamps, reading a book
and smoking a pipe. He was large, and his face and features were those of a man
in his late forties or early fifties. He was dressed in a very elegant but
comfortable suit. He looked up and stared at her - his icy blue eyes seem to
penetrate into her. His face broke into a wide smile, but it was not friendly.
"Come in, Miss Gray. I am Dominic Alphonse Francois D'Attilio."

      Mandy came through the opening with Jaffa following behind. While Jaffa
closed the doors, Mandy moved forward, and as confidently as she could under the
circumstances, she sat down in the chair opposing Dominic, keeping her legs
together. Dominic spoke first. "Perhaps you have heard of me?"

      Mandy shook her head - she had never heard of the man.

      Dominic smiled, "Really. Well, it matters little. Now, perhaps you wish to
ask something of me?"

      Mandy felt her throat drying, but she desperately calmed herself and chose
her words carefully. "Please, Mr. D'Attilio, I wish to leave here and return
home. Please understand that I am not wealthy and there is no-one who could pay
a ransom for me. I am useless to you here. Please let me go."

      Dominic smiled, his eyes roaming freely up and down the young girl's
spectacular body. "You under-estimate yourself, Miss Gray," he said, his eyes
finally meeting hers. "Your presence here is of the utmost importance to me. As
you might have realized, I have little need of more material wealth. You are
here because I want you as my slave."

      In spite of what had already happened to her, Mandy was stunned,
unbelieving. She stood up, trembling, and whispered: "Wh - what did you say?"

      Dominic stood up as well, "You heard me, Miss Gray. You will become my
slave. Over the next few months you will learn to serve me and obey my every
whim, no matter how degrading it may seem. You have no choice in this matter."

      Mandy backed away from Dominic, terrified, "Please, Mr. D'Attilio. This is
not funny!"

      Dominic took a step toward her, a smile beginning to light up his
features. The girl looked so deliciously vulnerable in her revealing clothes and
with her elbows framing her head. "But I am enjoying it immensely," he said.

      Mandy turned and ran for the doors, but she was helpless with her hands
stuck behind her neck. "Let me out! Let me out!" She turned with her back to the
door. A paralysing panic rose inside her. Jaffa had not moved -he was standing
to one side.

      Dominic had been content to watch her ass moving under her tight dress as
she tried to run away. Now he approached calmly, his eyes roaming up and down
her body. Really, he could not believe his good fortune. His eyes returned again
and again to those massive breasts, heaving now under the black silk. Arriving
in front of her, he reached up slowly with his right hand and, reaching behind
her ear, he grabbed her tightly by the hair.

      Mandy's face was frozen in fear. Her wide eyes stared into his.

      "Jaffa," said Dominic, "I think we will need the mouth ring."

      Jaffa responded, reaching into a pocket and producing a device that had a
large yellow plastic ring with leather straps coming off each side. Moving
behind Mandy, he placed the ring against her lips, holding the straps behind her
ears. Dominic's grip tightened, and Mandy opened her mouth in a grimace of pain.
Swiftly the ring was pulled in, lodging between her teeth. Jaffa attached the
straps behind her neck.

      "All too easy." said Dominic, holding Mandy's head away from him so he
could get a good look at her face. The bright yellow ring held Mandy's mouth
wide open, stretching her cheeks. Through the hole in the middle, Dominic could
see her pink tongue moving frantically around, trying to dislodge the ring. As
he watched, her tongue seemed to relax, and then moved again as Mandy tried to
speak. The sounds that came out were hopelessly garbled, and Dominic ignored
them, looking past her at Jaffa. "Position her for me," he said.

      Jaffa reached inside Mandy's elbows to grab her by the hair on either side
of her face. He then started to drag her toward a ring that was set into a track
on the wall between two bookcases. Mandy saw Dominic turn away and walk over to
the chair by the fire as she was dragged backwards. She felt her wrists being
released and she struggled to free them, but they were still attached together
behind her back. She heard and felt the snap of the wall ring as it was attached
to the collar at the back of her neck. At the same time, Dominic, facing away
from her, reached for his belt and began to undress. Mandy watched as he removed
his pants, carefully folding them before placing them on the back of the
armchair.

      Suddenly, as Dominic began to take off his shirt, Mandy heard a soft
humming and felt the wall ring begin to move inexorably downward, toward the
floor. She panicked again, more garbled sounds coming from her throat.
Frantically she tried to find a position for her legs and back as she was forced
down. Finally the motion stopped. She was not down far enough to sit, so she
struggled to put her heels under her so that they could take some of the weight
off her neck. The gown made it diccult to spread her thighs, and she ended up
with her knees together in front of her, resting on her heels. She tried, but
could barely turn her head.

      "Thank you, Jaffa." said Dominic, still facing away. Without speaking,
Jaffa turned and left the room, closing the double doors behind him. Dominic
continued undressing slowly, leaving on only a pair of white shorts. His body
was fit, although not overly muscled. His hips were slim. He turned, and Mandy
could not help but look at his crotch, where she could see his erect penis help
up against his belly by the shorts. It reached right to the waistband.

      Dominic looked at her from across the room. She looked so cute there on
her knees, her breasts heaving with her breathing, and her mouth a large round,
inviting circle. Dominic approached and bent at the waist, bringing his face
close to hers. Mandy's eyes showed terror, and there was saliva drooling from
her mouth ring. Looking directly into her eyes, Dominic said: "This will inform
you of your position, little one. And mine."

      Dominic then stood up and removed his shorts. His erection bobbed in front
of Mandy's face, its circumcised head inched from her eyes. She closed them,
refusing to look.

      Dominic was unconcerned with Mandy's reactions. He took his erection in
his hand, stroked it idly for a moment, and then aimed it at the centre of the
yellow ring. He entered slowly, feeling Mandy's tongue reacting with disgust.
Her head waggled, but not enough to prevent him from pushing deeper, forcing the
tongue back and down. Mandy started to gag, and in a reflex moved her tongue out
of the way, allowing Dominic to the back of her throat. Dominic continued to
push, slowly building up pressure. Mandy's breathing became harsh and raspy. Her
nostrils dilated, and her eyes opened to look up in fear at Dominic. "Please!"
they said. "Stop pushing!"

      Dominic knew she was uncomfortable, of course. He watched as her
expressions changed from pleading to panic. He enjoyed the sight of her pretty
face with his shaft of flesh skewering into its mouth. He examined her - the
stretched cheeks, the sweat, the fear and panic in her eyes. Sometimes she would
try to talk, making pleading "mmphh" sounds through her nose. The humming in her
throat pleasured the head of his penis.

      By this point Dominic had moved forward to straddle her knees, and was
pushing Mandy's head back against the wall. His thighs were pressed against her
breasts. He reached down and forced his finger and thumb in between his abdomen
and her face. Then he pinched her nose.

      Mandy couldn't breathe. Her whole body convulsed in panic. The muscles at
the back of her throat constricted violently, trying to expel the penile
invader. Dominic maintained a steady pressure, enjoying her reactions. Mandy's
elbows were hitting him on the hips, and her head was jerking to the limits of
its restraint. Suddenly Mandy's stomach heaved and she started to gag. Her
throat contracted with intense force, powered by waves of nausea. Dominic pushed
forward with steady force, his cock swelling with power. Blackness began to roll
through Mandy's brain.  Finally, just as she began to slip away, she felt the
pressure on her throat being released.

      Dominic had pulled his cock out of the mouth ring and was letting it bob
in front of Mandy's face. Mandy's chest heaved as she took in air. The soft feel
of silk covered breasts against Dominic's naked thighs contrasted with the hard
edge of excitement he felt, and the intense emotions on Mandy's face. He waited,
his penis glistening with her saliva.

      Mandy's eyelids started to flutter. Dominic took his penis in hand and
again aimed it through the ring. Mandy moved her head quickly to the side,
trying to keep it out.

      In an instant Dominic slapped her face violently from each side several
times. The blows were forceful, and drool flew from the mouth ring as her head
snapped back and forth. Mandy screamed, her cries sounding strangely normal
given the distortion given to all her other utterances.

      He stopped and waited once again until her head stopped moving and her
eyes were open. She looked up at him, fear and panic in her eyes. Dominic
stepped forward, placing his knees against the wall on either side of her
breasts, the underside of his cock against her left cheek. He reached down to
grab her head with both hands, steadying it as he arched his hips out and back,
aiming his cock once again for the opening in her face. He entered her slowly,
feeling the moist smoothness of her tongue under his cock.

      This time he encountered less resistance as he pressed for the back of her
throat. She was weaker. Her muscles were tired and she was already out of
breath. Her reactions came sooner, and Dominic enjoyed the feel of her throat
gagging around the head of his cock. He moved one of his hands over to pinch her
nose again. Gently he rocked his hips back and forth as Mandy struggled under
his cock, and finally lost consciousness.

      Mandy had really fainted this time. Dominic pulled out, quickly noticing
that her breathing had resumed. Mandy's head was dangling from its neck brace.
Leaning down, he unfastened her neck from the wall and reattached her wrists.
Then he dragged her by the elbows across the floor to a large hearth rug before
the fireplace. He straddled her stomach, putting his knees on either side of her
chest. She was still unconscious.

      Dominic leaned forward and again slapped Mandy across the face several
times. She moaned, her tongue moving inside her mouth, her throat muscles
working as she tried to swallow and relieve the pains.

      Dominic moved up so that his knees were by her armpits, and rose up
slightly. His penis was waving over her face, glistening in the firelight. She
lay still beneath him. Then her eyelids began to flutter, and opened.
Immediately she closed them again and turned her face to the side.

      Dominic began to speak to her. "It seems that you are beginning to
understand your position, little one." he said, softly. "Open your eyes!"

      Mandy complied, looking up. The underside of Dominic's cock was only
inches away, his hairy scrotum nearly touching her chin. The sight filled her
with terror. It was an instrument of death, hovering above her face. As she
watched, the head seemed to swell, and it jerked upwards, bouncing slightly.

      "There is no-one to help, Mandy," said Dominic. Do you understand that?"
Mandy focused on his face, then nodded, slowly. She had no idea where she was,
let alone how to get help.

      "There are some things that you will learn to be true. The most important
is that you are my slave. You will do exactly as I wish." His eyes were steady,
seeming to drill into Mandy's skull. "You will be punished for your
disobedience.", he continued. "You may also be punished for my pleasure."

      Dominic reached down to place his hands on Mandy's stretched cheeks. His
fingers caressed her skin, ending up over her lips, which thinly surrounded her
mouth ring. Finally his right thumb entered her mouth, moving inside against her
tongue. "At various time you will be given tests of obedience. Other times you
will be allowed certain choices."

      After a pause in which Dominic noted with increasing pleasure the feel of
her breasts against his buttocks, and the cooling effect of her rapid breathing
on the base of his penis, he continued: "The member you see in front of you is
also your Master. You are here to please him. He would be pleased to enter your
mouth again, and seek once more the back of your throat." His thumb pressed more
deeply as he spoke, and Mandy's reaction was immediate. She cried out, shaking
her head, her eyes filled with terror.

      "Here is a point where you have a choice, Mandy Gray. Would you like the
member you see above you to explore the back of your throat once more? Or will
you give him complete access to any other part of your body that might please
him?"

      Mandy was frozen. After a moment Dominic moved his knees up so that they
held down her arms, and raised himself up above her face. Grabbing his penis
with one hand and her mouth ring with the other, he aimed the head down toward
her mouth. Then he began to lower himself over her face. Dominic's strength and
weight held her arms still, and he succeeded in entering her mouth, withdrawing
his thumb as he went in.

      Dominic held her head with both hands while he leaned forward so far that
his own head was on the ground. He wasted no time pushing for the back of her
throat, forcing her tongue aside, and lodging himself in her windpipe.
Frantically, Mandy tried to swallow him, but he was too large, and she succeeded
only in gagging once more. Her body jerked, but her head was pinned to the
ground and she could not escape.

      The constrictions of her throat sent waves of pleasure shooting up through
Dominic's penis. He gloried in his power as he slowly ground his hips,
suffocating the girl. He had to hold her hair tightly as she jerked her legs and
body, trying to break free. Then, once again, Dominic reached down to pinch the
girl's nostrils. Slowly the girl's struggled ceased, and then she lay quietly.
He remained deep inside her mouth for a few moments to make sure she was
unconscious, and then pulled back slightly. Her breathing resumed with a huge
gasp he could feel rattling down her throat. He pleasured himself inside the
unconscious girl's mouth for a few more moments, and then withdrew.

      Rising, Dominic went to a cabinet by the fireplace and reached for a large
decanter. A few moments later he was standing astride the girl's waist, naked
and rampant, sipping his wine and pleasantly contemplating his next move. The
girl would awaken soon, he knew, and would no doubt be more cooperative - indeed
a few more moments to decide and she would likely have come around the last
time. But he did not want to move too quickly. There was no hurry. This was a
time to extend one's pleasures. He took another sip.

      Mandy lay below him, her gown wrinkled and disheveled, but still covering
her breasts. She was still on her back, her arms framing her head. After a few
moments she came to, and a groan emerged from the bright yellow ring that still
stretched her mouth. Dominic resumed his earlier position astride her face, his
cock swelling in anticipation as Mandy returned to consciousness.

      When her eyes opened, Dominic began to speak immediately. "You chose to
let your Master seek the back of your throat, Mandy. That pleased him greatly.
Would you like him to take that voyage once again?" Mandy's eyes were distant
and confused, but as she focused on the penis hovering above her face they
brightened with fear. Dominic's cock swelled and bounced over her face as Mandy
shook her head and signaled unmistakably that her answer was no.

      "Well then, we will have to let him see the rest of your body, won't we,"
said Dominic cheerfully.

      Mandy had no strength to struggle. She lay quietly as Dominic shifted down
her body so that he was straddling her torso just below her breasts. He looked
down at the two mounds heaving and bulging out of her dress. Reaching down he
undid a clasp at her bodice line, and then pulled her dress apart with both
hands. Moments later her bra was torn away as well and she felt the warm heat of
the fire on her bared chest. A soft but unmistakable wail of misery and defeat
came from her throat.

      Dominic relished his first view of the girl's breasts. He had seen them in
photographs, of course, but they were even more enticing than he had
anticipated. They stood up from her chest remarkably, jiggling softly. With two
hands he reached down to grab the left one, softly at first, then squeezing it
so that her flesh began to bulge out between his fingers. Despite their size,
and the fluid jiggles that his hands were causing, to Dominic's touch the flesh
was remarkably young and firm. He looked hungrily at the pink nipples set in
those lovely aureolae. Still holding her breast with his left hand, he pinched
her nipple with his right and smiled, looking straight into the girl's
frightened eyes: "You have beautiful breasts, slave."

      Mandy looked away, her face turned to the side. Dominic leaned forward
slightly so that his penis rested between her lobes, and then slapped her two
breasts together from each side. "Mmm, plenty of room in here!", he said, gently
moving his hips back and forth.

      Dominic let go of her breasts and turned to grab the hem of the dress. He
pulled it up to Mandy's waist, revealing her black lace panties. Mandy trembled,
terrified of what would happen next. She clasped her legs close together and
shivered involuntarily as she felt Dominic's hand moving along her smooth,
well-shaped legs. He whispered to her, "You also have magnificent legs."

      Mandy gasped and fresh tears flowed from her closed eyes as she felt her
panty ripped away.

      "Your file indicates that you are probably a virgin," Dominic whispered as
his fingers ran gently through the blonde hairs, "but tell me honestly, are you
really a virgin?"

      Tears trailed down Mandy's cheeks and her lips quivered, but of course no
answer came. Impatiently, Dominic forced his hand between her tightly clenched
thighs and tried to insert a finger into her vagina. Mandy jumped at the
intrusion and held her legs tightly together. Her eyes were closed. Dominic
withdrew his hand and then turned and slapped her across the face again. "Open
your eyes! Open them!"

      Mandy opened her eyes, the tears flowing now, and Dominic allowed himself
a cruel smile. He liked the smell of her fear and the way she gasped and jumped
when he touched her. Dominic grabbed the tattered remains of Mandy's dress and
ripped it apart. Then he tossed the pieces into the fire, which flamed brightly.
Apart from the leather straps, there was not a single shred covering Mandy's
exquisite body. She lay quietly, too terrified to move.

      Dominic moved down between her legs, kneeling so that Mandy's thighs were
widely spread across his, raising her hips and placing her open crotch inches
from his bobbing penis. Looking down, he saw for the first time her prepared
labia. "Why your cunt looks lovely." he said. "Did you do this for me?"

      Mandy lay quiet, the shame rising within her again. Her head was to the
side. Reaching with both thumbs Dominic pulled her outer labia apart. Then he
slowly inserted his finger between them as far as it would go, and felt her
intact maidenhead. Mandy jerked violently and tried to pull away from him.
Dominic held her by the thigh and leaned forward. He pulled Mandy's face toward
him by yanking painfully on her hair. "And to think," he said. "You have been
waiting all this time just for me." Then his eyes grew colder.

      Reaching behind her head he undid the strap removed the mouth ring.
Casting it aside, he looked at her squarely and said: "Now, virgin, answer me!
Have you ever been fucked in the mouth or up your ass?"

      Mandy's eyes were closed and tears stained her cheeks. Her mouth and
throat were really sore, and she wasn't sure she could speak. She trembled but
said nothing.. Dominic slapped the frightened young woman several times before
he asked her again. Still trembling with her eyes closed; she shook her head.

      Dominic smiled. "Good.", he said. He was lying still on top of her, his
knees still forcing her thighs widely apart. He spoke more softly. "You know you
are about to get raped, don't you, Mandy." Just saying this made Dominic's cock
bounce, and he wanted to prolong the moment. "You are going to have a big cock
inside you very soon, and you don't have any way to stop it from happening, do
you. And that's not all, Mandy. That's not all."

      Mandy groaned and struggled weakly beneath him, but the fight was gone and
Dominic was far too strong. He laughed as he took his member in his hand and
thrust it into Mandy with all his strength. Her maidenhead gave way immediately,
and her blood provided lubrication as he continued to pump into her again and
again. Tears ran from Mandy's eyes as she moaned her pain and shame. Dominic
held his face close to hers, watching and enjoying her expressions as he pumped.
Then he rose onto his elbows on the soft rug and his hands moved Mandy's
breasts, rolling her nipples between his fingers. Once or twice he stopped
ramming her, moving instead in slow circles as he twitched Mandy's nipples
harshly, making her sob. Mandy did not move, or try to dislodge herself from the
penis that impaled her again and again. She was defeated utterly. Dominic took
his time, watching her reactions as he pushed especially deep, or pinched her
nipples.

      In time he withdrew his organ, hard and quivering, its surface covered
with a mixture of her juices and her blood. Mandy lay on the floor shivering and
sobbing as Dominic stood over her. He bent down and grabbed Mandy by her arms,
walking backwards and making her get up off her back and kneel before him. Mandy
was so terrified that she did not even try to resist. When he let go it took her
a moment to balance on her knees with her arms still bound to her neck. She did
not know what her captor would do until his stiff penis touched her lips.

      "Now you will open your mouth and take in my penis. Do it nicely. If I am
displeased I will replace the ring and I will pleasure myself as I choose within
your mouth and throat. Do you understand?"

      Mandy looked up at him, terrified. She nodded.

      Without warning Dominic slapped Mandy hard, sending her crying, sprawled
on the floor. Swiftly he reached down and yanked on her hair pulling her to her
knees before him. "Open your mouth now, slave."

      Cowed by pain and violence, Mandy gingerly opened her mouth and Dominic
quickly pushed his organ past her lips and teeth. Mandy tried to pull away from
the warm, slimy pole that filled her mouth, but Dominic's hands held her still.
Mandy's tears wetted her checks and she felt sick and nauseated. Dominic began
to vigorously thrust his penis in and out of his victim's mouth. Mandy did not
use her tongue or lips, but Dominic's organ was so deep in her mouth that he did
not care. He was raping her mouth, thrusting violently, causing pain. Again
Mandy tried to pull away, but Dominic's grip in her hair merely became tighter,
pulling painfully at her scalp.

      Dominic then withdrew his organ once again. It hovered in front of Mandy's
face, glistening from the wetness of her saliva. With the choking intrusion
finally removed from her mouth, Mandy began coughing uncontrollably, trying to
rid herself of the taste that it had left there. Dominic slapped her again, then
grabbed her hair with each hand and pulled her face up toward him. His cock was
under her chin, pressing into her throat.

      "Now, my sweetheart, we shall move this little performance to its climax.
In preparation, you shall assume a position for me. Are you ready to do this?"

      It was hardly a question but Mandy answered. Dominic's grip on her head
was so tight he felt rather than saw her nod of assent.

      Dominic paused, looking into her eyes. "Very good," he said finally. "To
begin, you will turn around on your knees and face away from me. Do it now."
Mandy complied, her knees shuffling on the carpet. Dominic undid the clasp at
her neck, and Mandy's hands were finally free. She stretched them out in front
of her a moment, but then Dominic's next command rang out: "You will place
yourself on all fours on the carpet."

      Mandy complied swiftly, her breasts bobbling underneath her. They hung
down nearly to her elbows, swaying slightly as Dominic walked slowly around her.
Standing behind her again, he said: "Now you will lower your shoulders until
they touch the floor. As you go down, take your breasts in your hands and pull
them out to the sides."

      Mandy hardly felt she could feel more shame, but this order to display her
body parts brought it out. With a sob she complied, although it was diccult. She
first dropped to her elbows and placed her fingers against the inside of her
breasts, and then spread her elbows apart, sinking lower down. She had to place
her forehead on the carpet to balance. When her shoulders reached the carpet her
head was to one side and her breasts were like taut balloons on either side of
her back, on top of her wrists.

      Dominic's orders rang out in leisurely succession: "Now you will face
forward - put your chin on the carpet."

       "Draw your hands out sideways. Make sure your breasts are pulled out as
far as possible.

      "Place your elbows out and your hands back toward your knees, palms up."

      "Now arch your back."

      "Further! I want your ass displayed properly!"

      "Now spread your knees apart. Keep your back arched."

      Finally there was silence. Mandy's neck hurt and she wanted to raise her
shoulders, but she feared it would bring more punishments. She heard nothing but
for Dominic's breathing. Then she felt Dominic's hands grabbing her nipples,
which were against the carpet but just visible from above. She took in a breath
as they were gently tugged, not to hurt but to ensure that her breasts were as
far out to the side as possible. She was being inspected.

      The moments dragged on, and Mandy held her position. After a short time
she heard Dominic moving away, and then she heard the sound of wine pouring into
his glass. Over the next minute or so she heard him swallow several times. Then
she heard another sound - scraping, slippery - that she could not recognize.
Then she knew Dominic stood behind her once again.

      Mandy shivered as she felt fingers skimmed over the curve of her bottom,
shaping it gently. Behind her, Dominic smiled. The severely arch in the girl's
back displayed her ass beautifully. Really, she had the cutest bottom - firm and
shapely. Slowly Dominic applied a large dollop of anal lubricant directly onto
her anus. It was another of Doctor Rose's innovations - a mixture that was
mildly fragrant, very slippery, and held up well under prolonged use. He rubbed
it around slowly, eventually inserting his finger, making her body tremble.
Stretching the small ring of muscle, Dominic inserted a second finger. Mandy
groaned and she tried to pull away from his touch, but Dominic's other hand
placed itself on the small of her back and pressed firmly. Mandy knew she was to
be still.

      The room was dead silent as Dominic continued to explore her anus with his
fingers. He was kneeling beside her now. Mandy was holding her breath, her eyes
wide and frightened. Dominic's eyes were bright, and a smile played across his
lips. He took his hand off the small of her back and reached down to touch her
breast. His thumb and forefinger moved against her ribs, encircling her breast
and holding it down. The pressure was enough that Mandy felt pinned to the floor
by her left breast. Dominic withdrew h s fingers from her anus and began moving
his thumb against the opening.

      Then he began to speak: "Very soon, Mandy, your Master will take his
pleasure from you." At this his hand enclosed her breast more firmly and she
could feel his thumb sliding slowly inside her. "I am going to move behind you
and bugger you up your ass. You will find it very painful, because your anus is
not accustomed to this kind of invasion. You will scream and struggle."

      His thumb was already deep inside her. Mandy found this hurt, but she was
transfixed by the coolness in his voice. She was fixed to the floor, held by her
breast and her anus. There was silence again as she felt Dominic's eyes moving
up and down her body. Then the pressure on her breast was released, and she
could hear Dominic moving behind her.

      Dominic remained on his knees. He positioned himself behind his beautiful
captive, his hands gripping her hips. He felt Mandy shudder and inhale sharply
as both his thumbs entered her at once and spread her anal ring apart. Then he
placed the head of his penis at the opening and rammed forward until he was
buried deep inside her narrow passageway.

      Mandy's entire body stiffened and then she let out a sharp cry of pain.
She twisted and turned, straightening her legs and trying to pull away. Dominic
held her hips with hands like steel, digging into her abdomen at each side. He
fell over her as her legs shot out behind and she collapsed to the ground, her
breasts still lewdly displayed on either side of her back. Again and again he
rammed, and the sounds of his body slapping into hers mingled with her screams
and sobs. Mandy's mind was filled with terror and pain. She couldn't believe the
pain. She was swimming through a haze of shame, nausea, and fear. Dominic rammed
again and again into her, and Mandy screamed and screamed, her shoulders
jerking..

      Dominic's orgasm began to build, but he was enjoying the intense violence
of the situation so much that he barely noticed. He pinned Mandy's breasts to
the floor with his hands, holding them against the carpet. Mandy's hips and legs
continued to jump, and the feel of her tight ass jerking against his belly was
delightful. He began to scream himself - a guttural, animal growl of pleasure
and dominance that rose and fell with his thrusts. He felt utterly uninhibited,
rolling in the waves of lust and violence that surged from the end of his cock.
With great suddenness his semen exploded into Mandy's body and he arched up
above her, his hands still crushing her breasts, his hips shuddering against
hers.

      Mandy's mind sank into blissful oblivion as Dominic's body finally began
to relax. After some moments, Dominic raised his hips and withdrew. He was
flushed and breathing heavily. A broad smile was on his face, and he looked
happy. Standing up, Dominic spent a few moments taking in the scene, his eyes
wide. "Wow!" he said aloud. "What a ride!"

      Bending down again, he took Mandy by one shoulder and rolled her over onto
her back. Then he took one of her breasts in his hand. The girl was still
unconscious. Dominic lifted the breast, squeezing it and watching the flesh
bulge out between his fingers. Then he grabbed both her breasts, gathering them
in from each side. "Did you feel neglected tonight?" he said, addressing her
flesh and chuckling slightly. "Don't worry. You're next. It won't be long."
Rising, he turned and walked off to take a shower.




      Chapter 4. The Training Begins

     

      Mandy choked and gasped as a vial of smelling salts was uncapped before
her. She opened her eyes, disoriented. Slowly her eyes focused on a large,
swarthy man who was bending over her. It was Jaffa. Mandy looked around, seeing
the two guards standing behind Jaffa, her own nudity, and the dark panelled
walls of the room where she had lost her virginity. The stark horror of her
situation came flooding back to her. Her whole body ached. She tried to get up
but she was too weak and her legs quivered from sheer exhaustion. One of the
guards bent down behind her head and grabbed her by the upper arms.

      Mandy grabbed the guard's leg, face up, sobbing again. "Please! No! I beg
you." She cried, "Let me go!"

      The guard hauled Mandy to her feet. Jaffa was in front of her. He grabbed
a fistful of Mandy's blond hair, matted and tangled from her ordeal. Mandy's
face wore a painful grimace, but she was too weak to struggle. "Listen
carefully, slave." he said, still holding her hair. "Mr. D'Attilio's orders are
that you are to take a thorough shower and then you will be allowed to rest. Do
you understand?"

      Terror was evident in Mandy's beautiful eyes. "Yes, I understand. Please
don't hurt me."

      Jaffa stepped back, leaving Mandy wobbly on her weak legs. Seeing the
guards' stares, she tried to cover her breasts and pubic area with her hands.
Her breasts were so large she succeeded only in making them bulge lewdly around
her arm. Jaffa and the guards laughed at her discomfort, standing around her.
They seemed to be in no hurry.

      Still laughing, one of the guard produced a piece of rope with metal clip
at one end and handed it to Jaffa. Jaffa clipped the rope to the band around her
neck, and Mandy was then led off like an animal, Jaffa leading her in the front
by the rope and the other guards walking on either side. Her naked breasts
jiggled and bounced as she walked. Once, when she stumbled, the guard cracked
her painfully in the ass with his bare hand. Again, they all laughed, watching
her breasts jiggle.

      She was led back to her bedroom. Jaffa led her straight to the attached
bathroom, removed her leash, and then he and the guards left her. Mandy
collapsed over the sink, crying. Her thoughts were incoherent. Her body ached
everywhere, and she could still feel the pain in her bowels. Resolving herself
slightly, she turned on the shower and stepped in. She wanted to rid herself of
Dominic's greasy ejaculate, but with the physical cleaning came back all the
nightmarish memories of her labia shaving and her rape, and she felt dirtier
than ever. Tears mixed with water in the shower stall as Mandy sobbed. Finished,
she collapsed in her bed and cried. She slept soundly, exhausted.

      Some time later her rest was interrupted by rough hands shaking her. She
awoke and saw Jaffa with two guards standing beside her bed. Desperately, Mandy
tried to cover herself with the sheets. Jaffa laughed, "Forget your modesty,
Miss Gray." Roughly, he pulled the sheet away from her. His hand reached down
and and held her breast. His fingers sank into the flesh, which bulged softly.

      "Don't touch me!" cried Mandy, slapping at Jaffa's hand and trying to
cover herself. once again with the sheet. Jaffa stared at Mandy, his eyes red
with fury.

      "Seize her!" he commanded.

      Mandy struggled desperately, kicking and fighting as the guards grabbed
her and dragged her out of bed. Again, her enormous breasts jiggled and bounced,
giving the guards a visual treat. The guards were strong, and Mandy had no
chance. Soon she was standing between them - each of her arms held tightly
behind her back.

      Jaffa's eyes were cold and he had a cruel smile on his lips. Wordlessly,
he slapped Mandy across her face several times. Her head jerked back and forth,
tears flying off her skin. Then he stopped, and waited for Mandy to look at him.
Finally she did, her face a mask of fear and panic.

      Jaffa held her gaze with his own. Suddenly his hand came up sharply on the
underside of her right breast. "Whap!" The flesh bounced up so high it touched
her chin. Then the other - "Whap!" Both her breasts bounced and leaped as the
underhanded blows continued. The men held her arms tightly, and she could feel
them leaning forward to watch her breasts jiggling and bouncing. "Whap! Whap!"
Jaffa continued his stare, but Mandy could not look. She hung her head, but then
a breast hit her in the face. The men laughed.

      Jaffa reached out to grasp each of her nipples in his hands, squeezed them
tightly. For a moment he held them, and then he started to shake them violently.
Her breast flesh jiggled and bounced as the guards watched, each still holding
her arms solidly. Finally he stopped. Mandy was still sobbing as Jaffa grabbed
her hair and lifted up her head. "Is there a part of your body you do not want
me to touch?" he said mockingly.

      Mandy shivered, frightened. Jaffa laughed. "The blows to your breasts were
for your hitting me," he hissed, "But this is just for fun!" Mandy gasped in
pain as Jaffa reached down and grabbed hard on a few strands of her pubic hair.
Jaffa pulled hard enough that the hair came out. Mandy sobbed in shame, her eyes
downcast, her eyelashes trembling. Jaffa laughed in satisfaction and gestured to
the guards, "Take her to the training room! Secure her there as the Master
instructed!"

      Mandy was dragged helplessly down a hallway and into yet another room.
This one was empty except for some flat cupboards against one wall, and a bar
set horizontally into the wall on the opposite side. The guards pushed her
roughly up against the bar, which hit her in the middle of her back, just below
her shoulder blades. One guard held her there and forced her arms back over the
bar, which was about a foot off the wall. The other guard went to the cupboard
and came back with some items made of black leather. Two of these were tubes
that were forced over each arm, and pushed up past her elbows. They fit very
tightly, especially after internal straps were tightened on each end. Then Mandy
noticed that the tubes could be fastened to the bar, so that her upper arms were
locked in place behind the bar. The guard holding her now let her go, and Mandy
struggled with her restraints, her breasts jiggling and her legs flying.

      The guards stepped back to admire their handiwork. Mandy presented an
exciting sight. Her skin and hair were clean and fresh after her shower. Her
eyes were wide with anger and fright. And her breasts were an amazing treat,
bouncing and jiggling on her arched chest.

      Mandy kicked out at one of the guards, but he caught her ankle easily. As
the other guard held her other leg, he fastened her ankle to a hook set along
the bottom of the wall. Her other leg was fastened in a similar fashion, so that
her legs were held about two feet apart at the ankles. Then one of the guards
produced another strap, this one thinner than the others, with two clips
dangling from short elastic cords. He knelt down in front of Mandy and secured
the strap around her left thigh, high up, with the clips dangling down about an
inch apart between her legs. A similar strap was then attached to her other leg.

      A moment later Mandy gasped in horror as she felt the guard reach up to
her vagina, and enter her with two fingers. Placing his thumb roughly on the
outside of her left labia, he pulled it out, stretching it and causing her to
gasp again in pain and embarrassment. The other guard grabbed her hips to keep
her from moving. The first continued to stretch out her lip and then with his
other hand faqstened the two clips from her thigh strap on either side of his
thumb. The clips were tight, and had little teeth that hurt where they grabbed
her flesh.

      He then let go, and her vagina closed up, with two clips attached. The
guard then shifted position, and while the other one continued to hold her hips,
he stretched out her right labia in the same way, and attached the clips from
her right thigh strap. He let go, and her vagina again closed up, with the four
clips attached.

      The guard then placed his thumbs against Mandy's inner thighs and spread
them apart, to inspect his handiwork carefully. Two of the clips were attached
near the front, just in front of the girl's clitoris. The other two were in the
middle, an inch or so behind. Satisfied, he got up. Mandy, now too shocked even
to move, just shivered slightly and attempted to close her knees, which she
could do slightly. The guard then took Mandy's hands from below the bar and
pulled them forward, to see how far they would go. He pulled so hard that her
shoulders and neck were levered back towards the wall. Satisfied again, he and
the other guard turned and left the room.

      Mandy was left with her thoughts. She was only just awake, she was hungry,
and she was confused. She looked around her. The room was warm, and carpeted.
Then she noticed for the first time a mirror on the door of the cupboard
opposite her, that revealed her entire body. She was so naked. Even more, she
looked so lewd. Her back was arched over the bar, thrusting her breasts out in
front of her. She could hang her head forward, but nothing she could do would
diminish the sight of her breasts. They stood out against her chest like two
great melons, round and hardly sagging at all. Oh, how she wished now that she
had smaller breasts!

      The door opened suddenly, and Mandy's heart fell. It was Dominic. Her
rapist had returned. It was going to happen again. "No! Let me go!" She
struggled violently against the restraints, her breasts bouncing and bobbing
against her chest.

      Dominic was dressed in a silk robe, and appeared to have nothing on
underneath. He smiled at Mandy, a look of pleasure and of genuine admiration on
his face. As he moved closer his eyes moved up and down her body, finally
stopping on her face. He stood before her for a few moments, judging her
condition and enjoying the fright and terror he saw there.

      Dominic reached past Mandy's face to open a small cupboard that was hidden
there. He took out another strap, and a device that looked like a cellular
phone. Placing the device on the floor, he wrapped the strap around Mandy's
forehead, and then attached her head to the wall behind with another hook that
Mandy had not seen.

      Now Mandy's breasts were truly prominent. Dominic stood at the side and
looked at her. The slim body was arched back, the two round, soft breasts,
impossibly outthrust, begging to be fondled or punished. The nipples were soft
and pink, large but not erect. The aureolae were large too, and also a lovely
pink. They looked so delicate - so ready for torment.

      Dominic could feel the blood lust rising in him. There was nothing he
enjoyed more than to be in complete control of a beautiful girl. There were
never enough occasions where he could allow his dark lusts to control him
completely. But now was the time, and there was so much time ahead of him. This
girl, those breasts, everything belonged to him now.

      Dominic moved in front of Mandy. "It is time for your training to begin",
he said. They were the first words anyone had said since she entered the room.
Mandy found herself unable to speak, and Dominic continued: "The first lesson a
slave must learn is to cooperate properly with her training. This serves as a
useful humiliation, and as a test of continuing obedience." Dominic's voice was
matter of fact, but pointed.

      He looked down at Mandy's crotch. Reaching out with one hand, he gently
scratched her lips, feeling the clips that were still attached there. Looking in
her eyes while he reached down with both hands, he found the adjustment cords
and tightened the four straps so that the clips were now tugging gently at
Mandy's labia. Mandy could tell that her lips were now pouting open gently, as
the clips had turned toward her thighs on each side.

      Then Dominic picked up the controller from the floor and pressed a button.
A gentle hum echoed through the room as Mandy felt her legs being drawn apart by
the hooks in the floor. The hooks ran along a track at the base of the wall.
Mandy's face took on a look of horror as her legs were drawn steadily apart. She
could feel her labia being stretched apart by the clips. Farther and farther
they went, as her legs were stretched taut and her weight was taken by her
shoulders and upper arms wrapped over the bar.

      Dominic stopped the motion, and briefly inspected her vagina. Her lips
were widely stretched now, exposing her clitoris in a broad expanse of pink
flesh. The hood was partially retracted from the tension. Behind, her vagina
gaped lewdly, the inner lips also spread by the force of the clips. Farther
back, the pink bud of her anus was moving in and out as Mandy got used to the
forces stretching her apart.

      Dominic stood up and took Mandy's hands, pulling them forward as had the
guard. He briefly noted how far forward they would come. "Good", he said, and
turned away. He went to the cupboard and when he returned he was holding what
looked like a short riding crop, but one where the tip had been modified. It was
much narrower that Mandy had ever seen, and it seemed very flexible.

      "This is a special whip that I designed myself", said Dominic. "It takes a
bit of practice to use it properly." He whipped it back and forth so that it
made a sound in the air, and then held it up so that Mandy could see the thin
tip. Then he flexed it gently and said:. "It is designed to be used on a girl
whose labia are spread wide, like yours are now. Can you guess what it is for?".

      Mandy could say nothing.

      Dominic chuckled. "It's for your clitoris."

      Mandy was shocked. Her crotch hurt, and she had never felt so vulnerable
or so exposed. This man was insane. Mandy felt the panic rising and she began to
feel faint. Dominic saw her eyes fluttering, and quickly slapped her across the
face several times.

      "Are you still with us?" he asked, as the focus came back into Mandy's
eyes. "You are not permitted to lose attention when your Master is speaking
little one." His face was close to hers, and she could feel his breath. "Do you
understand?"

      Mandy nodded, and said "Yes, I - I think so". She could barely recognize
the sound of her voice, or what she was saying.

      "Good", said Dominic. "As I was saying, this whip is designed to be used
on a girl whose legs are stretched wide apart, and whose vagina is held open. I
have had some experience in using it." Dominic was enjoying the sound of his
words. "When a woman is so exposed, her clitoris is displayed prominently. Just
like yours is now."

      Mandy's shame was intense. She felt a sob rising in her throat, and tears
welled in her eyes.

      Dominic's intent face was inches away. He moved back slightly, and
continued: "However, this is not the subject of today's lesson. Today you will
begin to learn how to cooperate properly with your punishments. To that end,
your hands have been left with a certain amount of freedom. You will use them
today to offer up your breasts as I punish them."

      Another gasp escaped Mandy's lips. "No! I won't do that" her head was
shaking back and forth, and the tears began to run down her cheeks.

      Dominic moved back to properly enjoy the sight. Mandy was suspended, legs
and labia tautly spread, breasts outthrust, and tears of rage and shame running
down her cheeks. Even her little clit was visible - from this angle a bright
pink nub not quite hidden behind her trimmed hedge of pubic hairs. Her indignant
face, held back by the strap, looked so out of place atop that smooth and
voluptuous body.

      Dominic stepped forward again. "You will use your hands now. Take them and
hold your breasts together for me. Do it!"

      Mandy's arms moved forward, and her hands seemed to struggle in the air,
but she did not bring them together to hold her breasts. Instead she started to
scream and wail, hands grasping the air, and her shoulders and neck struggling
helplessly in her bonds. Her legs were too tautly held to move, but her muscles
bulged, and Dominic could tell that her ass was clenching by the way her pretty
little clitoris bobbed in and out of view.

      Dominic let out a satisfied sigh. "You refuse?" he said. A huge, satisfied
smile came to his lips, and he stood up tall. "Oh, I am going to enjoy this."

      With a simple motion Dominic removed his robe, folded it gently, and
dropped it to the carpet. He was naked. His erection stood out and up proudly.
He felt incredibly engorged, and as he looked down at himself it seemed that the
head of his penis had never looked so huge. It bobbed with his heartbeats,
almost touching his belly. He could feel the tension in his skin around his
cock. It was stretched to the limits.

      Mandy was quieter now, and more frightened. She knew something was going
to happen. She started to speak, but suddenly he cut her off with a sharp
uppercut with the whip. The flexible end landed with sharp splatting noise, just
on the left side of Mandy's clitoris. The tautly stretched inner flesh of her
vagina also took part of the blow.

      Mandy's body was tightly bound, but she still managed a convulsion of pain
that lifted her hips and pushed her breasts out even further, causing them to
shake and jiggle. The movement of her breasts looked incongruous - her whole
body was tightly stretched, but this part was not. Soft and loose, the breast
flesh continued to shake for several moments while Mandy, still convulsed, began
to scream in pain.

      Dominic stepped back again, and put his hand on his hips. His erection
pointed at the screaming, convulsing girl, and her energy seemed to surge into
his penis. He felt the power concentrating in the head, which grew even larger
and tighter. His legs bent at the knees slightly and he crouched, his ass cheeks
spreading. His eyes feasted hungrily on the girl, her shuddering breasts, her
taut body. He reveled in her intense movements and the sound of her cries. His
hips pumped at the girl, continuing even as she slowly relaxed her body.

      She was still vocalizing, but not so sharply now. Dominic approached her
again, his face inches from hers. "This is the result of disobedience.", he
said. "You will learn to obey." He stepped back, the whip held down towards the
floor. Just as Mandy realized what was to happen, he jerked it upwards sharply.
This one landed squarely on target, making a slightly different sound - more of
a whack! than the first one.

      Mandy screamed again, and her hips strained upwards. Dominic dropped to
his knees to examine her vagina more closely. Her clit had been driven into the
surrounding flesh by his blow, and it was just emerging. As he watched, it began
to turn an angry red, and started to swell up. The hood retracted, as the nub
underneath continued to grow. The flesh on the left side was already starting to
swell from the first blow. Behind, her vagina gaped lewdly, and her rectum was
convulsing in and out with the contractions of her ass cheeks.

      Dominic rose up again. He stood, leaning forward, his face once again
close to hers. Reaching up, he held her head so that she could not look away.
"Now you will reach forward with your hands and hold your breasts together for
me." he said calmly. "Do it now."

      Mandy stared into Dominic's eyes. She was terrified, and the pain between
her legs was intense. She felt her hands moving forward to the sides of her
breasts. Slowly, she pushed them together, aware of the tension this created in
her shoulders.

      Dominic stepped back again, and watched. Mandy's hands looked small
against the sides of her breasts, and she was pushing them sideways, so that the
flesh bulged out on the top and bottom. This gave her an enormous cleavage. The
nipples pointed straight out in front, and the aureolae were also squashed,
looking like vertical pink ovals.

      "That is not satisfactory."

      "No! Don't hit me again!" Mandy screamed, as she pushed her breasts
together with all her might. 'Tell me what you want!"

      Dominic moved forward and held Mandy's face again. He said: "Since this is
your first lesson, instructions will be included. You will only hear them once."

      "There are three ways you will learn to hold your breasts for
punishment.", Dominic continued. "In the first position, you will place your
palms against your chest with your fingers underneath your breasts, and your
thumbs upright, along the outside. Do it now."

      Mandy complied, still looking into Dominic's eyes. He was so close she was
sure her breasts would touch his chest. "Now move your hands up and together. As
you do so, move your fingers out from your chest slightly and squeeze some of
the flesh, so that your breasts will bulge up nicely for me."

      Dominic stepped back once more. Now Mandy's breasts were truly impressive.
Two massive balloons on either side of her neck, with a deep cleavage in
between. He could not see her hands at all - just the firm expanse of breast
flesh, with the lovely pink nipples now pointing gently downwards. His cock
jumped as he gloried in his power over this girl and her body.

      "Position number two. Place your hands on top of your breasts, above the
nipples." Mandy complied, her breasts falling back to their natural position
with a jiggle. "Now squeeze them gently enough to grab them - no more." Mandy's
hands closed. "Now rotate your hands back to lift your breasts so that I can see
the undersides clearly. Do not obscure any part of your nipples or aureolae."

      Mandy again obliged, finding she had to push down on the tops of her
breasts in order to expose the undersides properly. Dominic again examined her
critically. Again, he could not see Mandy's small hands, as they were well
hidden behind her breasts. Mandy's nipples were aimed to the ceiling, and the
broad undersides of her breasts were well stretched and exposed. The breasts
looked more unnatural in this position - the flesh was stretched, and there were
small vertical fissures running up towards the nipples.

      "Good", said Dominic simply. "Now breast punishment position number three.
Take your thumb and forefinger and wrap them as far as you can around each
breast, from the side, thumbs on top." Mandy was focussed now. The pain in her
crotch had subsided to a dull throb, and she wanted only to do as this man said.
She dropped her breasts, and then reached at them from the sides with her thumbs
and forefingers stretched wide. She could not reach as far as she wanted, with
her elbows behind the bar, but she managed to encircle a large part of each
breast, about half way in from each nipple.

      "Now, with your remaining fingers, squeeze as much of your breast flesh
through the circle as you can." Mandy complied, and her breasts became
elongated, the nipples now surrounded with a taut ball of flesh. From Dominic's
angle, the aureolae covered about half the  front surface of each ball, and the
nipples now stood out clearly. Behind Mandy's hands, the rest of her breasts
were flattened against her chest.

      This time Dominic said nothing. He moved forward, and his right hand
reached for Mandy's crotch. His pointer and ring fingers slid smoothly up the
exposed pink flesh on either side of her clitoris, and then his middle finger
gently touched down on the top of her nub, barely touching it. Mandy inhaled
sharply: "Hnah! Aah!" and her hips tried desperately to move up and out of the
way. "

      That is not good enough" said Dominic, as his middle finger began to push
deeper. "You must push more of your breasts through the ring."

      Mandy was desperate. She couldn't escape. The pressure on her swollen
clitoris caused sheets of pain to flow up into her body. Her stomach and thighs
were convulsing in attempts to get free, and her arms were now waving wildly.
Dominic continued to push, and started to move his finger in tiny deep circles,
enjoying the convulsions of the girl's body. The power he felt at that moment
was indescribable. With one well placed finger he had this woman completely
hysterical. Her face was stretched in agony, her chest heaving, her thigh and
ass muscles contracting spasmodically. Her screams and cries were continuous,
rising and falling with the heaving of her chest.

      Dominic stepped back once more, and watched as Mandy slowly relaxed, deep
breaths causing her chest to heave, and her breasts to move pleasurably.

      "I said that was not good enough. You must try again. I am not pleased
with your disobedience!"

      Mandy's arms flew to her breasts. She made a superhuman effort to raise
her body so that her hands could come forward and encircle more of them. She
grabbed as much as she could with her thumb and forefinger, and then squeezed
with her other fingers, walking them along the undersides of her breasts so as
to grab more and more of the flesh. Then she loosened her circles slightly,
moving them back to grab even more, and then pulled it all forward. She looked
up at Dominic, who was watching from in front of her.

      Dominic said nothing. Mandy had managed to push all of her breasts through
the circle, apart from some at the top where the thumb and finger did not meet.
She was stretching and squeezing the flesh behind, to push the nipples out as
far as possible. The nipples were now set in the middle of two lovely, round,
taut balls, as large as melons, quivering with the effort and tension in Mandy's
hands.

      "Hold that position". Dominic placed the clitoris whip on the floor and
turned to go to the cupboard. On his way over, he looked in the mirror to see
Mandy displayed against the wall. Her legs were wide and taut, her shoulders
straining, and now her breasts were taut as well. They stuck out obscenely.. She
was watching his back, fear and terror still in her eyes. Down below, even from
this distance, he could see her swollen clitoris, bright red now through the
blond pubic hairs.

      Dominic returned with a new instrument. He stood beside Mandy, who was
still holding her breasts as instructed, and held it up for her to see. "This
whip is for your breasts." he said. "Notice how it is very thin along its whole
length, and yet very stiff. This is because it is designed to hurt everywhere it
lands, not just at the tip." He laid the end of the whip gently across both of
Mandy's aureolae, just above the nipples, to illustrate his point. His hand was
about two feet away, on the handle. "It leaves beautiful marks - and will draw
blood if I wish it."

      Mandy's eyes were wide. She didn't know what to think, and coherent
thought might not have been possible in any case. She just stared at Dominic,
her hands still straining to keep her breasts in the right position, her
shoulders throbbing with the effort. "As I said," Dominic continued, "Your
lesson for today is to learn to cooperate with your punishments." His face moved
closer. "This is because an essential part of any punishment is the
humiliation."

      He drew still closer to her now, the whip still resting above her taut
nipples. "Look at yourself in the mirror, Mandy!"

      Mandy complied, seeing herself with legs and vagina obscenely stretched,
breasts standing out lewdly like two great balloons, her swollen clitoris a
bright red dot between her legs. She could hardly see her face, with her head
held back by the wall strap, her hair disheveled, her neck exposed. And she
could also see Dominic naked beside her, his cock rampant and jerking, the thin
whip in his hand still laid across her breasts.

      As she watched, Dominic smiled at her in the mirror, and then reached down
the wall, down behind her ass, his hand becoming visible between her legs. His
middle finger started to wiggle in the air, and then he brought it forward and
onto her clitoris again. Terrified, Mandy tried to raise her hips, keeping her
crotch away from that finger. But it was relentless, closing in until Mandy's
body again convulsed as the pain racked through her. She let go her breasts, her
hands clutching the air. She screamed, her face contorting and her mouth
stretching wide. She tried to pull herself up with her shoulders on the bar, but
the finger followed, wiggling now in a harsh gooshing jiggle. From a distance,
she heard Dominic's laugh.

      Dominic enjoyed the feel of Mandy's convulsing ass cheeks as he tormented
her clitoris. He watched avidly in the mirror as her breasts bounced wildly
around on her chest, and his own penis seemed to grow even larger. He loved the
sight of his erect cock, enormously turgid, in the same frame as this screaming
girl. It made the scene lewd and obscene. Looking at his cock in the mirror,
feeling the girl twitching and hearing her screams he felt the power surging
again. His cock was so hard it was painful, the skin behind the head stretched
impossibly tight. He was so turned on he knew that with the slightest touch he
could come at any moment.

      But not yet: it wasn't time. He released Mandy's clitoris, and watched
again as she gradually relaxed. He moved in front of her and crouched down. He
couldn't help but congratulate himself for the way he had displayed this girl.
Her vagina, stretched open wide by the clips, with its swollen clitoris emerging
bright red once again in a patch of pinker flesh, was so lewd and obscene. Her
anal bud, not punished tonight, was cute and beckoning as it pulsed in and out
with her clenching ass cheeks. And her breasts, displayed so prominently above,
were positively begging him for punishment.

      Dominic rose up, breast whip in hand. "Position number one!" he said,
firmly but not too loud. Mandy's eyes opened and her hands moved to her breasts.
She complied as best she could, her thumbs against her ribs and her fingers
underneath squeezing the flesh, bulging it up toward her face. Her mouth was
open, her breathing harsh.

      Dominic laid the whip across the bulging tops of her breasts. "You will
hold your breasts in this position as I use the whip. If you fail to hold them
taut, I will take the other whip. I will use it on your clitoris, amuse myself
with you for a time, and then we will start over again. Do you understand?"
Mandy's eyes were wide, and she felt herself nodding.

      Dominic stepped back to the side. The first thing he did was to spread his
legs on the floor and stretch, his arms high over his head. A long, satisfied
growl escaped his lips. He looked at Mandy for a few moments, and then said
simple "here we go."

      A moment later the breast whip fell for the first time on the tops of
Mandy's well presented, bulging breasts. It landed with a sharp "crack!" raising
an immediate welt. Mandy let out a sharp breath, and waited for the pain, but
when it came moments later it was not so encompassing as that she had already
felt from below. She managed to keep her breasts in position as she looked down
to see small spots of blood begin to well up along the whip mark. She almost
felt a sense of relief that the pain was not so bad. Sharp, but bearable.

      Dominic smiled at her "Now you see why the clitoris whip is so effective,"
he said. "With its sting still fresh in your memory, you can accomplish much."

      The whip fell again across the tops of Mandy's breasts. Each drew a gasp
of pain, and made a sharp, satisfying sound as it hit the taut flesh. Mandy
continued to hold her breasts tightly, her head back in the strap, her legs
wide. After several strokes, Dominic began to enjoy the rhythm of the whipping.
Oh, he loved to whip the breasts of a slave girl. He loved the spectacle. He
loved the way the girl was displayed so obscenely in front of him. He loved the
way the whip would hit her firm flesh, leaving pink marks and eventually little
drops of blood. He loved the sound of the whip moving through the air and
landing with a sharp crack. He loved the girl's moans and cries. He loved the
power that surged through him. With each stroke his cock bobbed up and down with
approval. Occasionally he would look in the mirror to see the girl stretched
out, her legs wide, her clitoris still swollen and red, her back arched and
breasts held high, her head back. For some time the smooth whish and sharp
cracks of the whip, the softer sounds of the girl gasping and mewling, and his
own laughs of pleasure were all that could be heard in the room.

      After a while, Dominic stopped. Mandy still held her breasts, higher now
it seemed, as if proud of her accomplishment. Dominic watched her for a moment,
panting softly himself. Then he reached for her head and touched her cheek
gently. "Well done, my Sweet." he said.

      Mandy couldn't believe this tenderness. Instinctively, she responded to it
with a smile and a look of gratitude. She was barely conscious of it, but her
reflexes saw this as a moment of opportunity. Could she charm him into
relenting?

      Dominic looked back at her, the lust deep in his veins. "Position number
two!" he said softly.

      "Aah!". The sound came from Mandy as she reached to grab her breasts from
the top. Pulling up, she exposed the undersides, the nipples pointing up, the
flesh stretched and taut once more. This was the hardest position on her
shoulders. Dominic stepped back and the sounds of the whip falling against the
girl's tight breast flesh once again filled the room. Again, Mandy felt she
could bear the whip, but the pain from where she was grabbing her breasts on the
top, and the small amounts of blood there, were making it hard to hold on. She
had to squeeze her breasts sharply, forcing the bottoms to bulge out and be even
firmer to the touch of the whip. Dominic could see this happening, and aimed his
blows across the tightest parts.

      Again he looked in the mirror at the stretched and newly cooperative girl
holding her breasts for punishment. He felt the power rush once again to the
head of his penis, as the whip now began to draw blood from the undersides of
Mandy's breasts. His laughs of pleasure grew louder, matching Mandy's cries of
pain.

      When he stopped, Mandy again felt a surge of relief and accomplishment,
but she did not smile. Her mouth was open, gasping. Her shoulders were becoming
incredibly painful, and it was getting very hard to hold her hands forward.
Dominic was leaning his face towards hers.

      "You are doing well, little one," he said. "It is amazing what the
clitoris whip will do. Just a few days ago you were a citizen of the world -
free - ready for new adventures. Now here you are, stretched before me in the
most revealing fashion. Your little your labia are tautly spread, your pretty
pink clitoris is swollen and exposed. And yet you humiliate yourself before me
even more by holding your breasts for punishment. And all of this entirely for
my pleasure."

      Mandy looked at him, fearfully, unable to speak. She knew he spoke truth.
She had lost everything, and so quickly. The clitoris whip had taken it all
away. The only pride she had felt since entering this room had been in her
ability to hold her breasts properly for punishment. For his pleasure.

      As if reading her mind, Dominic continued "When you hold your breasts
properly, the sound of the whip is much louder, and the marks it raises are much
better defined." He ran his finger along one of the marks on the underside of
her right breast, drawing a gasp of pain. "We will continue now. Position number
three!"

      Mandy struggled to comply, her clitoris throbbing under the implicit
threat of the whip. She managed to grab all of her breast tissue and squeeze it
through the circles of her thumb and forefingers. Her breasts stood out again
like melons, the tops and bottoms now marked with stripes and dots of blood. The
nipples and aureolae stood out prominently at the front. Dominic stood to the
side, and aimed his whip. "Whap!" The first blow struck across both breasts just
above the nipples, stinging sharply. Mandy drew in her breath and held it,
desperately trying to keep her breasts taut as her shoulders seemed likely to
give way. Her breath came out in a long cry of pain. Her eyes were closed, her
face stretched. Dominic swung the whip again, this time catching one of her
nipples directly.

      As the blows fell across her nipples and aureolae, the pain seemed more
than Mandy could bear. She held her eyes shut, and tried with all her might just
to keep her hands properly around her breasts. Dominic watched her straining to
keep her breasts forward. He applied the whip sharply to the thicker tissue
around her nipples. The sharp sounds of the whip falling on taut breast flesh
filled the room, and went straight through his ears to his cock, which seemed to
beat with every crack. He knew he could last not much longer, and that the
lesson for today had been well learned. After a final flurry, the hardest of the
day, he stopped.

      Mandy hung there, displayed widely, breasts still ballooned out in front
of her. Their surfaces were crossed with pink lines, and little drops of blood
stood out top and bottom. The nipples were beginning to swell out nicely.
Dominic went to his controller, which had been left on the floor. He pushed
another button, and the bar holding Mandy began to move downwards, toward the
floor, with the hook holding Mandy's head strap following. Mandy opened her eyes
in shock, wondering what was to happen next. Her grip on her breasts loosened,
but she did not let go. To fit her legs into the smaller space she had to push
her knees forward. This reduced the spread of her crotch, but she could see in
the mirror that as her hips rotated her gaping pink vagina was now pointing
directly into the room.

      Dominic moved to a position directly in front of Mandy. She still had her
hands on her breasts, but they were not so stretched now. His cock was at the
level of her face, bobbing erratically. "Position number one!" he said.

      Mandy struggled to move her hands to the required position, thumbs against
her ribcage, hands underneath supporting and squeezing her breasts upwards into
two large hemispheres. The cleavage under her chin could have been made by two
punished ass cheeks, it was so smooth and large. Dominic moved forward so that
he straddled Mandy's breasts, enjoying the feel of them as they rubbed his inner
thighs. His erection bobbed in front of Mandy's face. The strap around her
forehead held her face back so that she looked past he throbbing penis and up to
his eyes. He reached down and loosened the head strap slightly, so that she
could lean her head forward a few inches.

      "Open you mouth." As Mandy complied, Dominic guided his erection deep into
Mandy's mouth, reaching the back of her throat. Mandy's mouth was slack -she was
too traumatized to close her lips, or use her tongue. Dominic swiped his member
around inside her mouth making it wet with her saliva, enjoying the feel of her
mouth and of her breasts pushing up against his thighs. His scrotum dangled
below her chin, his balls nestling nicely in her cleavage. Withdrawing, he saw
that three quarters of his penis was now wet and gleaming with her saliva.

      Dominic readjusted her head strap so that Mandy was again looking up at
him. Then he grabbed his penis at the base with his right finger and thumb. He
lifted it up and then brought it down sharply against Mandy's face. It made a
wet, smacking sound against her cheeks, themselves wet with her tears. He
slapped her from the top several times, and then once or twice from each side,
enjoying the sight of her tearstained, distressed face under his cock, and the
wet smacking sounds as it hit.

      "Are we feeling humiliated yet Mandy?"

      Mandy did not answer, and it was Dominic who spoke next. "Mandy, our
session is close to its end, and your Master is about to show you his pleasure.
I am going to ejaculate on your face. You will maintain your position until I
tell you otherwise. I will want to watch my come as it hits your face, and you
are not to move, flinch, swallow, or do anything to interfere with its
movements. Is that clear?"

      Mandy's eyes were wide open now, and receptive. "Y-yes.", she said,
nodding slightly against the strap.

      "Open your mouth now - wide!" Mandy complied, her chin dropping down so
that it touched his balls.

      "Now stick your tongue out over your lower lip. Farther! Keep it there!"
Again Mandy complied, her pink tongue moving out to cover her lip, the relief
leaving her eyes as she realized she did not know what would happen next.

      Dominic lowered himself slightly to enjoy better the feel of Mandy's
breasts against his crotch and thighs. He leaned his head forward until it
touched the wall. Then he took his penis in his hand and lowered the tip so that
the underside rested against Mandy's tongue. Slowly, he started to move it back
and forth gently across her soft but rasping tongue.

      The reaction built. He felt it first in his balls, like sweet golden honey
spreading upwards through his crotch and to the end of his cock, but also up
into his stomach, chest and head, and down through his thighs into his legs. His
whole body began to shudder with the slow movements of his cock. His hips moved
in and out, the pressure of Mandy's breasts like soft velvet on his inner
thighs. His eyes closed, his whole being - his muscles, his consciousness -
became concentrated on one tiny spot. The underside of his cock, right behind
the head, where the gentle rasp of Mandy's unbearably soft tongue was making
sounds almost too soft to hear.

      From somewhere deep in his throat Dominic started to growl, a guttural
sound that rose in pitch and volume. He felt the first spurt of his come moving
within him, moving to his cock and into the shaft, and as it passed into the
head it stretched his skin even more. He screamed, and through half opened eyes
watched as the white fluid burst forth, streaking over Mandy's gaping mouth to
land on her forehead, dribbling down into her eyes. A second spurt followed,
hitting her in the nose and covering one nostril. A third hit her upper lip,
dribbling down into her mouth.

      Dominic's body shook violently as an incredible rush sped through his legs
and chest, and into his head. He closed his eyes again, savoring the moment,
hanging on to the image of the girl's cum drenched face. His legs were weak; he
rested his crotch down onto Mandy's breasts, then slipped backwards onto the
floor in front of her. More gasps escaped his lips as he fell back and lay on
the carpet, his penis still jerking and dribbling cum in short spasms. He lay
there, spent, groaning as waves of pleasure continued to course through his
body. Gradually, he fell silent.

      Mandy, remembering her instructions, held her position. In spite of her
pain and trauma, she was amazed by the strength of Dominic's orgasm. She
wondered if he was all right. She wanted to look at him on the ground, but it
was diccult with her head held back, and she had cum filling one of her eye
sockets. She knew she should not move.

      It was some moments before Dominic, his head clearing, groaned and looked
up. Incredibly, the girl was still in position, her head back, breasts
outthrust, her gaping vagina now pointed right at him. If anything, her breasts
looked even more beautiful than before, their red stripes making it clear they
had been punished, and that they were held there for punishment.

      Dominic rose up and approached the girl once again, straddling her
breasts. He looked down at Mandy's face. What an obedient girl she was! She had
one eye closed so as not to blink away his white cum, and she had even managed
to keep her mouth wide open and avoid swallowing. Dominic grabbed his penis,
still large but fairly soft, and reached his other hand into his crotch, behind
his balls. Goosing himself, he forced the remaining cum out of his system,
dripping it in greasy globs down into Mandy's other eye, and into her mouth. He
remained there, watching her, for some time.

      Eventually he sighed, stepped back, and began replacing things in the
closets, taking little notice of the naked girl with the cum stained face still
straining to display her punished breasts. Finally he picked up his robe and
took a last look at his captive. "You may relax," he said. "The guards will be
here to take you back to your room shortly." He turned and left.




      Chapter 5. A Day of Rest

   

      Mandy awoke slowly in her room the next morning. Gradually, as the events
of the previous day came back to her, she curled up on her side in a fetal ball,
her hands in front of her face. She had no pillow, and she was naked under the
sheet. She remembered little of what had happened once Dominic had left. She had
slumped forward, her ass against the wall and her knees finally taking some of
the pressure off her shoulders. When the guards came she was barely conscious.
She remembered only that they had first of all reached down to release her labia
from the clips, then released her arms, ankles, and head, and then held her by
the arms as they walked her back to her room. She had collapsed onto the bed,
groaning and holding her crotch as sleep came upon her.

      She opened her eyes slowly. She smelled tobacco. Dominic was sitting
there, watching her with an interested look, smoking a pipe. "Good morning," he
said, with no trace of irony. "Did you sleep well?"

      Mandy groaned. She hurt everywhere, especially her crotch and shoulders.
Her breasts stung, but it was a superficial hurt, only on her skin. Her
shoulders ached deeply, and her clitoris pounded with a dull throb. She looked
at Dominic with wide eyes, like a lost child. "Why did you hurt me like that?"
was all she said.

      Dominic looked into her eyes, enjoying the hurt innocence he saw there.
"You gave me great pleasure yesterday. That is all you need to know."

      Mandy tried to raise her head, to get up. As she did so, her right hand
came to the end of its tether, and she realized she was again tied to the bed.
In a sudden panic, she jerked her legs and arms up, testing the bonds, failing,
and letting out a desperate wail. "Aahh! Let me go, please! No more!"

      Her efforts succeeded only in floating her sheet into the air, and it
settled down across her thighs, exposing her breasts. Her hands went down to
cover them, but the tethers made that impossible, she could only reach her
shoulders. Dominic laid down his pipe and stood up, his eyes alive, and came to
the edge of the bed. He looked down at her breasts. Mandy lay on her back, fully
awake now and breathing heavily, her breasts flattening out on her chest. The
entire expanse of flesh was crisscrossed with thin welts, some crossing the
aureolae, and her nipples looked red and puffy instead of the soft pink of
yesterday.

      Dominic's cock began to swell again as he looked at them. Slowly he
reached down to gather them up from each side, squeezing them so as to make a
soft cleavage. He then looked into her eyes. "You are not yet a trained slave,
little one, and until you are trained to the point where you can be trusted, you
will find your mobility limited. This is why you are tied to the bed. You might
have hurt yourself trying to escape."

      He began to run his thumbs gently over the welts on her breasts, feeling
the ridges and blisters that had formed. His thumbs crossed the nipples, causing
her to wince in pain. Noting this, Dominic moved his hands up to her nipples,
and grabbed each between his thumb and forefingers. Squeezing and pulling, he
looked again into her pained eyes. "You are here for my pleasure", he said.
"Your only goal in life must be to see that I am pleased. You will not realize
what this means for some time." He paused, hands rolling her nipples. "When you
do, you will be free."

      "Ahh! Please stop!" was all that Mandy could say. Despair was rolling up
inside her, and her head rolled back. "Stop! Please!"

      Dominic let go her nipples, watching as her breasts flopped back to her
chest, jiggling slightly before coming to rest. "You did very well yesterday,"
he said. "But you have many lessons yet to learn, and we must make sure you do
not forget them. Any of them."

      He reached down and removed the sheet completely. Mandy was able to close
her knees by twisting them inward, with her ankles out. Dominic reached below
the bed, and the ankle ropes started to draw her ankles out and apart.

      Looking down, Mandy was horrified to see that the thin straps were still
attached around her thighs, but then just as suddenly she realized that the
clips were not attached. Inexorably her legs were drawn out until she was pulled
down the bed, her arms now held above her head.

      Dominic looked down at her crotch, widespread now, but with the labial
clips dangling against her thighs. The lips of her vagina were closed, although
he knew that underneath her clitoris was burning. He got up, and returned with a
small jar that had been on Mandy's dressing table. Gently, he parted her labia
with two fingers, and applied the cream to her clitoris with the fingers of his
other hand. Mandy jerked at first, but feeling the soothing coolness of the
cream soon became still.

      "Today is a day of healing for you," said Dominic. "You have been through
much, and you have done well. Your obedience yesterday pleased me greatly." He
was looking at her open crotch and rubbing the soothing ointment as he spoke.

      "You will be left here in your room for most of the day. You may use this
cream on your breasts and nipples if you wish - there is plenty of it and you
will find it speeds the healing process. You may rest or sleep, play music, or
read any of the books that you will find provided in the bookcase. You will find
a stereo in the wall unit over there with a selection of excellent music. Later
on, in the evening, you will be summoned for dinner. You will not eat until
then. By the time you are summoned you are to be clean, bathed, made up, and
dressed in the attire that you will find hanging in the closet. At no time are
you to attempt to remove your thigh straps or the labial clips. They will remain
in place to remind you of your position. Is all of this understood?"

      He looked at her face again. Mandy was enjoying the relief she was
beginning to feel from her clitoris, but she was still frightened by the tone in
Dominic's voice. Watching her face, Dominic stopped applying the lotion. His two
fingers pushed into the flesh on either side of her clitoris, and he began to
squeeze firmly. Mandy's body froze and her eyes widened.. Dominic said: "At no
time are you to touch yourself for pleasure, other than to apply this lotion.
You are being watched at all times. If you value your clitoris, you will pay
special attention to this command."

      Mandy had never masturbated in her life - she had not planned anything of
the kind. Her wide eyed nod was so vigorous it was almost comical, and it made
her breasts jiggle with her chin.

      Dominic smiled, and the pressure of his fingers relaxed. He applied a bit
more lotion and then stood up and went to the head of the bed. Pushing another
button, he released the tension in the cords, and then he released her arms and
legs, one by one. He was cautious, but Mandy made no move to get up. She was
weak from her ordeal, and knew she could not overpower Dominic. She was still
lying on the bed watching him as he left.

      Some minutes later, Dominic was at his desk in his office. The television
monitor on the wall was showing Mandy in her room, still lying on her bed
sleeping. Dominic was busy with his business affairs for some time, making
telephone calls and working at the computer screen on his desk. Some time later,
Jaffa appeared with a tray of tea and some biscuits. "I have had a chance to
review the tapes, Sir", he said as he laid the tray on the desk. "I think you
will find them interesting."

      "My good servant," said Dominic, leaning back from his work. "Put them on
screen."

      "Very well, Sir." He picked up a controller from the tray. The large
screen on the wall flickered, and then a scene from the previous night appeared.
The view was from the cupboard, through the mirror, and it showed Mandy open and
displayed as the guards had left her. They watched, drinking tea and talking
softly to each other as the scene progressed. When it ended, Dominic noted that
the whole thing had lasted just over an hour. A quick check showed that back in
her room, Mandy was still asleep.

      "Well, Jaffa my friend, what do you think?"

      "Outstanding.", Jaffa replied. "She is a real find. I don't remember
anyone making so much progress so quickly. Did you notice when she looked at
you?"

      "You mean at the time? No", said Dominic. "Let's see that again."

      Jaffa went to the controls, and soon the screen showed a still picture of
Mandy in position number two, breasts help up, her nipples at the level of her
chin. "I will splice in the other tapes, Sir.", said Jaffa, as he worked at the
controls. A panel on the wall moved back to reveal a second screen, as large as
the first. It flickered to life, and the right half revealed a close-up of
Mandy's face, taken from above the position of the first camera. Moments later
the left half showed a close-up of her breasts, taken from slightly to the side.

      "Let's have the sound this time." Jaffa nodded, and as the tapes began the
room was filled with the sound of Mandy's continual gasps and whimpers, and the
swoosh and crack of the whip as it fell on the undersides of her breasts. In one
close-up Mandy's eyes were closed, mouth open. She would wince in pain as each
crack landed, then slowly her expression would change to expectant waiting, her
mouth stretched even wider, eyes tight. The other showed her nipples and
aureolae bobbling violently with each crack of the whip. They never settled down
- the whip, her heavy breathing, and the shaking in her straining hands kept
them in delightful motion.

      As Dominic and Jaffa watched, on the left screen, right after the whip had
struck, Mandy's right hand lost its grip slightly. Immediately her eyes opened,
a look of panic crossing her face. Her hand grabbed for her breast, the fingers
digging in, catching it, and then Mandy's shoulders went back as both her right
and left hands pulled her breasts even higher. At that point she glanced quickly
at Dominic, off screen.

      "Stop there!" said the real Dominic, watching intently.

      Anticipating, Jaffa had pressed the control and all three images stopped.
He framed back and forward several times until one close-up in particular was
displayed. They both looked at it intently.

      "I think it is fear", said Dominic, finally. "She just wanted to see if I
had noticed."

      "You could be right, Sir", said Jaffa. "She did want to see if you had
noticed. But there is some pride there as well, don't you think?"

      It was hard to tell. A slave in her first training session should not be
feeling pride at her ability to follow her Master's most humiliating
instructions. Some slaves had never accomplished this, after years of training.
Yet there it was perhaps, in the frame.

      "Outstanding," said Dominic, leaning back in his chair and sighing deeply.
"Just outstanding."

      Jaffa took his eyes off the screen and looked at him. After a moment he
cleared his throat and said: "Perhaps, Sir, we should not assume to much at this
point. We could be mistaken, and one does want to be sure."

      Dominic looked at him. Then he smiled. "As usual, Jaffa, you are a source
of great wisdom. There is nothing to be gained by speeding up the training at
this point, until we are sure."

      Jaffa was about to nod and reply, but at that point a soft bell sounded,
indicating that Mandy had awoken and left her bed. Jaffa adjusted the controls,
and the scene on the monitor shifted back to her room. The cover moved over the
second screen. Jaffa placed the controller on the desk, picked up the tray, and
left the room.

     

      * * *

     

      After some time lying on her bed looking around at her room, Mandy had
decided she needed to pee. She got up and moved to the bathroom. Entering, she
looked in the mirror, and noticed with shock that her face still wore the
evidence from the previous night. Long shiny streaks of solidified cum, slightly
brown from dust in the air, ran up from her chin to her forehead. Below, on the
tops of her breasts, cum had also fallen and dried, covering some of her whip
marks. She went to mirror and, leaning forward over the sink, ran some water and
began to rinse her face.

      From the camera behind the mirror, Dominic studied her carefully, looking
directly into her eyes as Mandy looked up to examine her cheeks and forehead.
Then he switched views to another camera above the door, and noted with pleasure
how Mandy naturally bent at the hips, back straight, thrusting her ass out in
the most provocative manner. Really, he had not noticed her ass in quite this
way before. It was tight and muscled from her dancing, but still had the
voluptuous curves of a woman. It was unmarked, unlike the undersides of her
breasts, which from this angle were truly enormous, hanging down past the edge
of the sink, the fresh whip marks plainly visible.

      Mandy peed in the toilet, then ran the shower and got in, cleaning herself
thoroughly. Dominic went back to his work, noting Mandy's movements from time to
time on the monitor. Mandy wandered around her quarters, still naked but for the
straps around her wrists, ankles, and thighs, exploring all the cupboards and
closets. One closet was locked, and she assumed it held her evening wear since
she could not find this anywhere else. She examined the collection of CD's - an
excellent choice of classical and contemporary selections. The books, on the
other hand, were a bit strange. She recognized none of the titles.

      This was all a bit too weird, she finally began to think. Memories of her
normal life just a few days before started to enter her mind, and her status as
a prisoner began to sink in. She should be trying to escape, she knew. But what
could she do? She didn't even know what country she was in, let alone how to
leave her room. And the throbbing in her clitoris, no longer harsh, but present,
reminded her of the consequences if she made a mistake.

      Several hours later a bell rang softly, and there was a noise as the
closet unlocked. Mandy looked up from the chair she was sitting in. She
immediately recognized this as a signal for her to get ready for dinner. She was
very hungry by this point, and got up to check the closet. Inside was a long
gown of raw silk, blue in color, and a white bra. That was all. On the gown was
a small white note that said simply: "Dinner in one hour. Please be ready."

      Mandy decided that she should comply. Her curiosity, unbelievably, was
beginning to become aroused. She had not seen nor talked to anyone since the
morning, hours ago. What would happen at dinner? She went to the bathroom,
showered again, and opening the closet found no makeup, but a hair dryer and
brush, as well as some deodorant, and a small bottle of perfume. She fixed her
hair as she liked it, used the deodorant, and then in a final act she couldn't
quite believe herself, she touched a bit of the perfume behind her ears.

      Entering the bedroom, she picked up the white bra. It was not clear at
first how she was to wear it. It had straps for the shoulders, but they were so
far apart at the front this was not immediately obvious. They rose up from the
outer edges of two stiff lacy panels that were no more that a couple of inches
in width. Mandy put her hands through the straps and pulled it up, realizing as
she did the strap in the back that this was hardly a bra at all. It simply
pushed her breasts up and together from the base, along her ribs. Her breasts
spilled over the front and sides, and she had an enormous cleavage at the top.
From the front, in the mirror, she could not see the bra at all, apart from
where the straps crossed her shoulders. She realized with a start that if
anything, her breasts looked like they had the night before, in position number
one.

      Turning to the bed, she had to bend over to see past her breasts and pick
up the dress. She slipped it over her head. The fabric was exceptionally soft,
but as she pulled it down it began to cling to her skin. She pulled and
stretched it out, and then looked in the mirror. The dress was simple, with
squared shoulders and puffy sleeves that ended above the elbow. The hem reached
to mid-thigh level. The bodice was cut square and low, so that her breasts
bulged out. The nipples and aureolae were covered, but the fabric was so thin
and it clung so close that both were clearly visible. Below her breasts the
fabric clung as well, so that the only real space was where her bra was pushing
into her breasts. All over the rest of her body the fabric clung tightly,
revealing every curve, and even revealing her thigh straps. She could feel the
fabric working into the crack of her ass. Apart from the soft wrinkles of blue
silk everywhere, she was still naked.

      The soft bell rung out once again. This time the door opened, and Jaffa
was standing there. Mandy was frightened of Jaffa, and she stood still.

      "Come." he said. "The Master is waiting." He stood aside as Mandy came
through the door, and, pointing, followed her down the hall to another door. He
made Mandy stop in front of it, and then standing behind her he grabbed the
leather collar around her neck. Taking a cord in his hands, he then asked Mandy
to cross her wrists behind her neck. When she complied, he fastened them there,
leaving the rest of the cord to dangle down her back. "Stay here." he said, then
knocked on the door and stood back a few paces down the hall.

      When the door opened, it was Dominic. "Thank you, Jaffa." he said, and
Jaffa left. Dominic remained standing at the doorway, looking at Mandy with her
elbows high and her breasts out. His manner was very relaxed. His eyes fell to
her breasts, which were bulging high from the top of her dress, the stripes of
the whip disappearing under the silk at each side. His hands went out to touch
them at the sides.

      At this moment something in Mandy snapped. Her eyes blazed and she kicked
out at Dominic, turned, and ran down the hall. She ran furiously, and
surprisingly fast given the awkward position of her hands.

      Dominic did not chase her. He watched as she raced away, a soft smile
forming on his lips. His eyes were on her ass cheeks jumping under the silk as
she finally turned a corner out of sight.

      Dominic heard her scream. Moments later Mandy reappeared feet first, in
the strong arms of a guard who had her around the torso and thighs. Struggling,
Mandy was carried back to the doorway and placed on her feet once again in front
of Dominic. Jaffa, who had reappeared from the other direction, stood behind and
held her by the elbows, his chest against her back. She struggled still, kicking
and squirming, but Jaffa simply held her there, applying pressure to her sore
shoulders.

      Finally she stopped. Panting, she looked up to see Dominic in front of her
again. She was angry, but also embarrassed by how quickly she had been caught.

      Dominic stepped up to her. After a moment he slapped her, hard, across the
face. "As I told you this morning," said Dominic, "You have much yet to learn."

      He reached down for her breasts again, gathering them together from the
sides as he had before, only more roughly now. He pushed them together so that
they bulged more lewdly from the top of her dress. His fingers dug into them,
through the flimsy cloth. "You will learn that your only task is to give me
pleasure.", he  repeated, looking into her frightened eyes. "And it will give me
great pleasure to punish you for this little incident."

      "Aah! No Please! I 'm sorry!" Mandy cried, with genuine grief and tears.
"Please! I'll do what you want!"

      "Will you?" said Dominic. "Yes, I suppose you will."

      Dominic looked at Mandy evenly for a moment longer, and then his manner
abruptly changed. "Well! plenty of time. Are you ready for dinner? And will you
behave?"

      Mandy looked at him incredulously, and then slowly nodded. Her eyes were
still frightened, but her body was calm.

      "Straighten yourself up then, and come in."

      Jaffa released her and Mandy stood up straight. She was quite unable to
fix her dress, which had come somewhat askew at the bodice to reveal her left
aureola. Meekly, she followed him into the room, her elbows held close to her
face. As the door closed behind her, locking automatically, Dominic pointed out
a small circular table that had been set for two. It was beautiful - covered
with the finest silk tablecloth and bone china. As she sat down, feeling awkward
with her arms held, Dominic went to a wall panel and dimmed the lights, and
music began to play softly. Arriving behind her, he loosened the cord just
enough so that she could reach the table with her hands by leaning forward. Then
he sat down across from her.

      Dominic began the conversation by asking Mandy about her tastes in music.
Mandy could not respond at first - she did not know what to say. She looked at
him with a puzzled expression, and Dominic continued, asking about her favorite
pianist.

      "What . . . I don't understand." was all Mandy replied.

      "My dear, its a simple question. I know you love music. You play the piano
beautifully. Who is your favorite pianist?

      Mandy just stared back at him, her puzzled expression looking incongruous
atop her exposed breasts. Her hands were held in front of her, just above the
table. The cords from her neck wrapped around the outside of her mounds, pushing
them together slightly. Dominic's voice changed just slightly. "It would please
me if you answered my question, Mandy."

      At that, Mandy's eyes widened and she said "I . . . I have several
favorites - Simpson, . . . Donnini, I suppose, . . . I don't know"

      "Ah, good choices," said Dominic, "You know, I saw Alberto Donnini live a
year ago, and then had him come and play for me and a few of my friends. He was
magnificent! We had him in our conservatory, right here, in this estate."

      Mandy was utterly confused and disoriented. She hurt all over, and she was
still flustered and embarrassed by her attempt to escape and her swift
recapture. And now these opulent surroundings and the bizarre topic of
conversation were too much. Yet Dominic's statement cut through it all, and
suddenly he had her attention. She looked at him. "You had Donnini play for you
in this house?"

      In reality, it was amazing. By the year 2015 advances in recording and
broadcast technology allowed millions of music listeners all over the world to
reproduce the live experience in their own homes. Players of Donnini's ability
earned enormous fees for their performances since their audiences literally
spanned the globe. Players of even slightly lesser ability earned far less. A
private performance? This was truly unbelievable.

      "Yes," said Dominic, expansively. "I was able to offer him some unique
benefits, and I was able to convince him to give a private performance. He
played for several hours - his Chopin was the best, I think."

      At this point Jaffa brought the first course, and poured two generous
glasses of wine. Dominic continued to talk. Mandy found she was very hungry, and
started to eat, and to drink. Jaffa kept her glass full. After a while Dominic
succeeded in drawing Mandy out about her tastes not only in music, but also
dance and the arts. There was no talk of her previous life - only of artistic
and intellectual matters, and Dominic was always interested in Mandy's opinions.
He responded with great intelligence and understanding.

      Throughout, Dominic made no secret of his interest in her breasts and of
the reason he had left her arm tethers so short. Every time Mandy wanted to pick
something up off her plate she had to lean forward so that her breasts actually
touched the table, and below her chin Dominic saw only her two bulging masses of
pink skin crossed with darker red stripes, pushed together to form a deep
cleavage. Gradually, due to friction with the table, both of her aureolae became
exposed, and the nipples were hidden just under the gathered fringe at the top
of her bodice.

      "Why are you doing this?" she asked after she had finished her last plate.

      "The company of a beautiful and intelligent woman is one of the great
pleasures in life." was the sincere reply.

      Mandy could see his pleasure - it was written all over his face and
throughout his conversation. But the memories of her recent ordeal came back
suddenly, overwhelming her, and her voice caught in her throat as she said "So
why did you . . . rape me?"

      Dominic looked at her, seeing the tears form in her eyes once again. "Oh
Mandy," he said. "Training you will give me such pleasure."

      Mandy started to shake, and she had to look away.

      At that point Jaffa arrived and began to clear the table. Dominic
announced that it was time for her to return to her room. She looked at him
sharply, wondering what was to happen, remembering his earlier talk of
punishment. But his face held no answers. She got up, he shortened the cord
again, and she walked with him back to her room, his arm around her hip.

      In the room, Dominic released her hands and then grabbed her dress at the
hem, peeling it off her in a single motion. He removed her bra, and she was
naked again before him. She did not resist. He led her to the bed and made her
lie down. Her breaths became shorter as he fastened her wrists and ankles to the
cords on her bed, and shortened them until she could not keep her legs together,
or bring her hands down past her face.

      Mandy did not struggle. She was hoping, maybe, that he had forgotten or
perhaps even forgiven her attempt at escape.

      When he was finished, Dominic sat down on the bed at her waist, and spoke.
"Thank you for the evening." he started simply. Then, as his hand reached down
to grab her left breast, his tone changed. He circled her nipple with his thumb
and forefinger, and gathered up her breast with his other fingers, squeezing her
nipple and aureola atop a ball of flesh between his finger and thumb. With his
other hand, he grabbed her nipple tightly, and began to pull. The pain from her
damaged nipple as he squeezed it shot through Mandy's entire breast, and made
her catch her breath. He looked at her, squeezing hard.

      "Your punishment will begin tomorrow," he said. She could not reply, but
looked up at him fearfully. "You will learn to regret your insolence, and you
will learn obedience." He was twisting now, and the pain was causing Mandy to
cry out, but she could not take her eyes from him. Finally his voice softened:
"You will give me great pleasure."

      A final shake of his right hand sent shock waves through Mandy's vibrating
breast tissue and the tears started to well up in her eyes. Finally Dominic let
go, got up, and left.



Next chapter:  -- Tongue Training




	Chapter 6. Tongue Training

	

	The next morning when Mandy awoke she was alone, lying naked on the bed.
Her tethers were still attached. At first she was calm - she had slept well. But
the feeling was short lived, as not a moment later Jaffa opened the door. Beside
him were the same two guards - Mandy regarded them with terror. They stood by
the door as Jaffa released her wrists and ankles, and got her out of bed. The
guards then moved forward to take her strongly by the arms and hold her in front
of Jaffa.

	Jaffa looked down at the sleepy girl with the exquisite breasts, still
bearing the bright signs of their status. He smiled as he reached for them. He
lifted and shaped them, causing them to bounce and jiggle with the movements of
his hands. After a few moments he spoke: "Today", he said, "You will learn how
to use your tongue."

	Mandy was suddenly aware that her mouth was open. She closed it
suddenly, and Jaffa laughed. "Take her!" he ordered. "Display her as the Master
has instructed!"

	The guards took Mandy by the arms, and walked her down the hall. In
terror, she saw that she was going to the same room where her breasts and
clitoris had been punished such a short time ago. She tried to hang back, but
the guards barely noticed. They were almost carrying her by her arms.

	Inside the room there was now a low narrow table with a padded top.
Mandy was forced to lie down on this, on her back, while one of the guards held
her there. The other then took a strap from the side of the table, wrapped it
over her hips and attached it to the other side, and pulled it down tightly.
Another thinner strap crossed her chest just below her breasts - the guard had
to push them up so that her breasts were completely above the strap. Another one
went around her neck, not too tightly, but preventing her from lifting up her
shoulders.

	Next they fastened her wrists to long rods that were attached to the
floor on either side of the table. The rods could move where they met the floor,
but she could not break them free. Mandy realized that the rods would allow her
hands to reach her breasts, but little else.

	Then the guards went to her feet, which to this point Mandy had held
together in the air, knees bent, to avoid hurting her back. One guard held her
ankles out straight, on either side of his shoulders, while the other moved to
her hips and reached for the labial clips. Mandy struggled, but to no avail. Her
hips were fastened solidly to the table, and she could not break the guard's
hold on her ankles. She felt the guard reach into her vagina with two fingers,
as before, and pull out her left labia, fastening the little clips on either
side of his thumb. The other one followed, and the guard surveyed his handiwork,
leaving the cords loose. Unsatisfied, he pulled her left lip out again and
readjusted the front clip a bit closer to her clitoris. Then he stepped back, as
did the other guard. For a short time the guards just stood there looking at
her, and they left the room.

	Mandy was alone again. She brought her legs and knees together above her
again, her ass pointing toward the mirrored cupboard on the wall . She moved her
hands around, exploring, but all she could do was move them out and to the side,
or in, to her breasts and stomach. She could just reach her hips, but her crotch
was out of range, and she could not twist her wrists enough to get her hands up
past her shoulders.

	The door opened and it was Dominic. Mandy could just see him in the
mirror between her knees. He was dressed in a different robe this time, but
still looked naked beneath it. Dominic went directly to the cupboard and
returned with a controller, just like the one from before. He pressed several
buttons, and two ropes began to appear from the ceiling, directly above her
hips. He grabbed one ankle, and before Mandy had time to react, her leg was
being pulled to the ceiling. Her other one swiftly followed, and when they were
both almost tight, Dominic pushed another button and started them moving apart.
When she was about two feet apart at the ankles he stopped and walked in to her
crotch. Gently he tugged the adjustment straps so that the labial clips were
just tight. The clips turned, pulling her lips open slightly. Then he stepped
back and pushed another button. The ropes shortened, and Mandy realized that the
mechanism was designed to continue pulling on the rope until a certain tension
was reached. The rope stopped, but the soft humming of the motor continued. Then
Dominic caused the ropes to open further, and to her horror, Mandy saw that the
tracks in the ceiling extended right to the walls of the room and down. She was
stretched, wider and wider, her labial lips opening up in front of Dominic.

	Dominic, not being used to a dancer's suppleness, could not believe how
far her legs would spread. He took the mechanism right to its limit. Mandy's
vagina was agape. Her inner lips were stretched almost flat, like little puckers
of skin, far from the open hole they were meant to protect. Her clitoris looked
tiny and lost in a mass of stretched pink flesh. Her hole was round, the inner
flesh looking white and vulnerable. Only her anus looked normal, dimpled and
puckered. Her ass was so open her cheeks were stretched flat, bulging only at
the bottom where they met the cushioned table.

	Dominic moved around the table, and looked down at the shocked girl. He
touched her face, and then he smiled at her. Eventually he spoke, his voice
soft: "You are here today for two reasons. This first is to punish you for your
silly attempt to escape last night. What were you thinking? Did you really think
you could run down that hall and get free?"

	Mandy could only look at him. She didn't know what she had been
thinking.

	"The second reason is to continue your training. You will learn to use
your tongue in some of the many ways that it can be used to please your Master."
He leaned over her. "And you will learn again the lesson that you must cooperate
to make your punishments more pleasurable for your Master. Do you understand?"

	"P-please." Mandy stuttered. "Don't hit me again. It hurts so much.
Please!"

	"Good slaves need not feel the whip very often," replied Dominic,
promising nothing. "Are you ready to be a good slave?"

	"Yes!" Mandy was almost screaming. "Just tell me what you want!"

	"Very well", said Dominic. "But first I must show you something." He
went to the cupboard, opened it, and returned with a new whip. Mandy could see
that it had the same wicked tip as the one that had caused her so much pain the
time before. Dominic flexed it over her face, showing it to her. "This is also a
clitoris whip", he said. "But this one is designed to be used at closer
quarters." He slipped a short loop of leather over his right wrist, and left it
there, dangling.

	Dominic reached down to adjust a control on the table, and suddenly
Mandy's head began to sink lower than her hips, The rods in the floor lowered as
well, bringing her hands down with them. The motion stopped almost instantly.
Dominic stood back and looked at the girl spread out before him. Once again he
felt the dark urges rise within him, and his cock stiffened under his gown. He
loosened the cord at his waist, and let the gown fall to the floor, releasing
his naked erection. Mandy's head was below the level of his cock, but her hips
were higher, her legs spread wide above them. Her breasts hung toward her face
slightly.

	Dominic moved to a point behind Mandy's head. Mandy's hands were out to
the side. "Breast position number three!" he said firmly. Mandy tried
desperately to comply, her actions feverish. It was hard to gather all of her
flesh properly when she was on her back, and the end result was not to Dominic's
satisfaction. He slapped the bulging flesh hard, driving it out of Mandy's grip.
Then he reached with both hands to grab her right breast and gather all of it in
on each side, holding it for her right thumb and forefinger to encircle at the
base. He did the same with her left, and then announced himself satisfied. "When
you need help, you should ask," he said simply.

	Then he moved up over her, straddling her face, his thighs pressing
against her shoulders, his cock resting on the cleavage formed by the two round
melons of her breasts. Leaning forward, he reached his left hand up to her
gaping vagina, placing two fingers on either side of her clitoris, which bobbed
up between them. With his right hand, he reached down and forced his penis
between her breasts, so that it lay against her chest, trapped by the two round
balls of flesh above them. "Do not let my penis escape", he said simply.

	His attention focused again to her crotch. His left hand moved to grasp
her thigh while the whip came into his right. Sharply it fell against the near
side of her clitoris. As Mandy started to wail below him another sharp blow rang
out, this time on the other side. Then, as she started to buck and heave, her
head coming up to meet his ass, he sent a final blow directly and sharply onto
the top of her nub.

	Mandy's head was jerking back and forth under Dominic's crotch.
Straightening up, he looked at the girl's body beneath him. Her thin torso was
vibrating in agony, while those two impossibly large breasts were still held,
taut as melons, in her hands. He rotated his hips back, trying to break his
erection free from between them. Incredibly, the girl remembered her
instructions and complied, holding her breasts together and squeezing even
harder. Her rapid breathing and the waves of pain rolling through her chest
conspired to rub the flesh of his cock delightfully. Dominic closed his eyes,
pushing his ass into Mandy's face, feeling the caress of hewr chin on his anus
and her tight breast flesh on the head of his penis.

	Finally, as she calmed down, still whimpering, he backed up and slid his
cock out from the top. Mandy panicked, and tried to push her breasts up even
higher to keep it there, but Dominic, laughing, pulled free, his cock bouncing
over Mandy's face. Leaning down, he grabbed her face and looked at her upside
down beneath him. "You are doing so well, little one." he said. "That was your
punishment for trying to escape. And you cooperated beautifully."

	Mandy couldn't help it, she was pleased. She felt herself pushing her
breasts even higher. She was pleased that it was over, and pleased as well that
Dominic was satisfied with her. "Thank you, Master." she heard herself say. The
pain in her crotch continued, but seemed gentler.

	"But we must still attend to your training." said Dominic. "Show me your
tongue."

	Mandy pushed her tongue out from between her lips.

	"Make it into a hard point."

	Mandy did the best she could, sticking her tongue out as far as it would
go.

	"Now flick it slowly up and down - yes that is good." Dominic stepped
back to watch Mandy, breasts still like hard melons above her chest, legs
spread, and her tongue now flicking slowly up and down as she watched him. He
took a glance to the mirror, which showed only her spread legs and gaping
vagina. He took up a position behind her head once again.

	"I am going to move over you again and amuse myself with your breasts.
You will burrow your face into my ass cheeks, and seek out my asshole with your
tongue. You will push your tongue as forcefully as you can into my asshole,
moving it back and forth in a pleasurable manner. Do you understand?"

	Mandy's tongue stopped, her mouth opened, her eyes registered shock. She
had no idea, even after what had just happened, that this was the task for which
her tongue would be trained on this day. She could not imagine anything more
debasing that to shove her tongue up someone's rectum. She felt herself giving
way to panic again, the screams rising in her throat.

	Dominic moved quickly. He stepped forward over her face, left had
reaching for her crotch, the whip in his right. "Whap!" The whip fell sharply on
Mandy's clitoris. He followed the blow with several more, all landing with loud
slapping noises right on target. Her poor clitoris was driven into the
surrounding swollen flesh by the blows, her legs violently rattling the ropes.
Her screams rose up, but then after just a few moments they became muted as her
head lunged forward and she used her nose and chin to burrow between his cheeks.

	Something inside Mandy had finally turned. The pain, the terror, the
humiliation, none of this mattered any more. She had to please her master. She
had to. She burrowed into his ass, her tongue reaching out. She didn't know
where she was at first, but moving the tip up and down she found his asshole.
Pushing with her neck and tongue as hard as she could, she felt her tongue
reaching its goal. She moved it back and forth, deeper into his anus, trying to
sense his reaction from the movements of his hips, hoping against hope that the
blows would stop.

	Dominic, noticing the change in her behavior, stopped his whipping and
straightened up. Mandy's breasts were still in position. Straddling his legs
further to give Mandy's tongue better access, he grabbed her breasts from each
side, gathering them onto either side of his cock. Then he settled his hips
downward onto Mandy's face, sank his fingers into her breasts, and started
rubbing them up and down his cock. Mandy's hands immediately started mimicking
his motions, back and forth.

	Dominic pushed his anus out, driving it onto Mandy's tongue, then
contracted it, drawing her tongue in deeper. Mandy, down below, could feel her
tongue being gently pulled into Dominic's rectum. She felt only success. "He
likes this." she knew, and she redoubled her efforts, making the tip of her
tongue move inside him, trying only to give him pleasure.

	Dominic could not believe the sweet feelings coming from his arsehole.
Mandy's tongue was sending waves of pleasure outward in all directions.
Meanwhile he could look down to see his cock surrounded by large expanses of
taut breast flesh, the end emerging and disappearing with their movements. He
looked up, and in the mirror he saw himself framed between Mandy's outstretched
legs, her breasts and his cock just visible between them. Dominic felt his come
beginning to move deep inside him. He let go Mandy's breasts and moved back, off
of her face. Her tongue tried to maintain contact with him, and he felt it
rasping over his balls as they moved over her face.

	"Position number one," he said, and Mandy's hands moved out, and then in
from the side to gather and squeeze her breasts together. With her body in this
position they pushed right up against her chin on either side, surrounding her
face.

	Dominic reached under the table quickly, and suddenly Mandy's head began
to move back and down, stretching her neck, while her shoulders and body moved
up. When her mouth was at the level of Dominic's cock her movement stopped.
Eagerly, she reached out with her tongue, pressing her breasts up as far as she
could. Dominic looked down, seeing her tongue and nipples reaching and pointing
toward his cock. Slowly he entered her mouth.

	Mandy's tongue and lips took him eagerly, her cheeks moving in and out
with his  thrusts. He reached deep into the back of her throat, and held himself
there. Mandy tried to swallow him, but started to gag, her stomach and breasts
heaving. Dominic enjoyed the sensations, pushing harder, suffocating her. Then
he withdrew slightly, letting her take a huge breaths through her nose that sent
her chest heaving. Forward again, and Mandy tried harder this time to swallow
him, her throat grappling the head of his penis, her stomach rebelling. Suddenly
she heard him groan, and the head of his penis started to swell up to a size she
could not possibly swallow. She felt it withdraw from her mouth, and opened her
eyes as it left. She saw only his cock and balls, and then his hand come down to
grab his penis at the base. He held it loosely, and then above it she could see
his eyes, lost in lust, watching his cock and her face. A stream of white cum
splurted from the tip and hit Mandy on the breasts and chin. A second splurt,
almost as strong as the first partly hit her lower lip but mostly fired into her
mouth. It dripped and collected along the roof of her mouth, some of it entering
her nasal passages from the back, causing her to close them suddenly and breath
in sharply. Smaller spurts continued to come, landing behind her teeth, and over
her upper lip, dribbling down into her nostrils.

	Mandy knew she was to hold her position. She could feel the cum dripping
slowly in beads from her lower lip down onto her teeth, while from her breasts
it ran around her chin and down behind her ears.

	Dominic maintained better control this time. His legs were shaking, but
he slowly straightened up, his cock becoming softer, bending down toward Mandy's
face, still beautifully framed by her two breasts. He looked into her eyes,
seeing only relief mixed with pride and shared success. He examined her eyes for
some moments, amazed by what he saw there. Could this be genuine?

	Mandy saw the look of wonder on his face, not needing to understand it.
Her Master was pleased. She knew it, and nothing else mattered to her at that
moment. Dominic, still looking into her eyes, reached for his cock with one hand
while the other reached behind his balls. He began to push gently, and a large
gob of cum emerged slowly from the end of his penis. He positioned his cock
directly over her left eye, and let it drip slowly into it. Another gob emerged,
and fell into her right eye. Mandy had to blink the cum away, but she did so
happily, keeping her mouth open and her breasts nestled tightly against her
chin.

	Dominic looked at her in wonder. Then, gathering himself, he said
"Maintain that position." He went to the wall cupboard and put away the whip. He
looked for a moment as if he were about to leave, but then he moved between her
legs. Looking down at her crotch, he noted the damage that he had inflicted.
Mandy's clitoris was badly swollen this time. Small blisters were already rising
on it and on the surrounding flesh.

	He went back to the closet and returned with a jar of the salve. He
placed a large glob on one finger, and very gingerly spread it on all sides of
her clitoris. Then, very gently, he removed her clips, one at a time. Her labia
closed, holding the salve against her clitoris. He looked up at her. She was
breathing calmly, but he was unable to see her face behind her upheld breasts.
He stood there for several more moments, looking down at the exquisite body
displayed before him. Finally, he left to go without giving her permission to
change her position. She remained that way until the guards came to retrieve
her.




      Chapter 7. Training in Love

     

      Mandy was taken back to her room by the guards. She was in extreme
discomfort and had great difficulty walking. The guards were firm but they were
also gentle as they held her arms, letting her take one step at a time. When she
reached her room there was a hospital tray by the bed, and there were several
pillows against the headboard. Jaffa was there and he helped her to lie down.
Then he moved the tray by her side, and produced a platter of food and water,
saying that she must be hungry. He and the guards then left, closing the door
behind them.

      Mandy ate slowly. She was exhausted and in pain, but also very hungry. She
ate everything on her tray, and then moved her head back and fell asleep. Just
before drifting off, she remembered that no-one had washed her face.

      Quite some time later, Mandy began to awake. She kept her eyes closed,
feeling her surroundings. The pillows were still on her bed, and more important,
she could not feel any cuffs. She opened one eye to be sure, looking at her
wrist near her face. No cuffs. She closed her eyes again, feeling good. While
the pain in her crotch would have made it very diccult for her to stand, let
alone run away, she knew this was a reward for her behavior. She had pleased her
Master, and he was being nice to her.

      She smelled her Master's pipe, suddenly, and opened her eyes. There he was
again, sitting in the chair, watching her. "Good morning." he said, smiling at
her. He was fully dressed. His face was faintly amused, but not open or warm. He
was watching her, to see what she would do.

      Mandy moved her legs and found that she could bear the pain if she kept
them apart slightly. She rolled toward her Master, sliding out of bed headfirst
like a snake towards him. On hands and knees, breasts lightly touching the
floor, she crawled towards him, stopping when she reached his feet. She looked
up at him, past his knees. "Oh Master," she said. "Tell me how I may please you.
Tell me what to do to."

      Dominic, amazed again, stood up. Mandy's head was down between his knees,
and with her breasts hanging out of sight he could see what a lovely slender
body she had. Her waist was very thin, and spread in glorious curves to her hips
and ass.

      Slowly, saying nothing, he removed his belt. Swinging it above his head he
brought it down sharply against her right ass cheek. "Whack!" Mandy jerked
forward, her shoulders hitting his shins, her legs straightening out behind her.
"Thwack!" The belt fell again on her other cheek. Mandy cried out as the belt
fell once more on the right. Then Dominic felt Mandy's hands reach and grab his
calves. Steadying herself, she moved her knees forward and, incredibly, started
to arch her back. Her ass was now thrust up in the air, her knees about a foot
apart. The blows continued to fall on each cheek, and the room filled with
Mandy's soft sobs and cries and the much sharper sounds of leather hitting
flesh.

      Dominic stopped. He had been careful not to hit Mandy between her legs,
but her ass was now bright red. He dropped his belt on the chair and reached
down to grab her under the shoulders and stand her up. Mandy collapsed against
him, pushing her breasts against his chest. Dominic wrapped his arms around her
and carried her back to the bed, laying her down gently on her back. Mandy
inhaled sharply as her ass touched the sheet, but lay back obediently.

      "Your task for today is to rest and get better." said Dominic. He went to
the dressing table and returned with the salve. Mandy spread her legs for him,
and he very gently parted her lips to apply the soothing cream. Looking up, he
said: "Mandy, what you have accomplished in so short a time is incredible."

      Mandy was thrilled - it was the first time he had used her name. "Thank
you, Master", she said.

      "You will meet me for dinner again tonight. Given your condition, I think
it best that we meet here, in your room. You will eat in bed and I will eat
beside you." He finished with the salve and looked into her eyes again. "I am
looking forward to it.", he said simply. Then, picking up his belt, he left the
room.

      The next few days for Mandy resolved into a pattern of sleep, loneliness
in her room, and time with her Master. To begin she spent most of her days in
bed, but as the week wore on she would spend more time on her feet, entertaining
herself as best she could with books and music. She was fed in the morning by
Jaffa, and in the evening her Master would visit for several hours and they
would eat, talk and laugh together. He never beat her, though she was always
naked, apart from her thigh straps. Her Master did not say when they would come
off.

      During this week he would always inspect her clitoris just before dinner,
applying as much salve as he thought necessary. Then she would sit up, and they
would begin to eat the wonderful meals Jaffa would serve. Mandy enjoyed these
dinners immensely - her whole day seemed to be a slow preparation for the moment
when her Master would step through the door. After the first day she would
shower before each dinner, taking a long time to be sure her hair and skin
looked perfect for him. After he left, she would begin waiting for him
immediately.

      A full week later they had finished dinner and Dominic said that he wanted
to inspect her clitoris again. Mandy lay back on the bed, spreading her legs,
and Dominic looked at it closely. He then closed her labia gently and gave her
vagina an affectionate pat, pronouncing it well on the way to recovery.

      "I have a present for you," he said. He produced a small box and handed it
to Mandy on the bed. She opened it, a pleased look on her face, and pulled up a
tiny pair of panties. They were little more than two loops of string attached to
a lovely white lace triangle of cloth. Mandy quickly asked if she could put them
on, and at his nod stood up to do so.

      Dominic said: "Starting tomorrow you will be allowed some freedoms during
the day. This is for you to wear while you are outside of your bedroom, in the
presence of Jaffa or the guards."

      Mandy looked at herself in the mirror. A small white lacy triangle now
covered her pubic hair. Strings rose from each side to go over her hips, joining
in the back where another string ran down the crack of her ass. It was hardly
much protection, but Mandy was very grateful that she would be allowed even this
amount of modesty before the guards.

      Still sitting on the bed, Dominic said: "As you may have noticed, I have
instructed the guards and Jaffa to be gentle with you. However, you are not to
initiate any conversations with them. They will have instructions each day as to
your activities, and they will ensure you carry them out. Some of those
activities will involve further training on your part, but that training will be
offered by me only. So you will once again be seeing me during the day. When you
are returned to your room, you will have one hour to prepare for dinner."

      "Thank you, Master" was all Mandy said.

      "Come. Stand in front of me," said Dominic. He was sitting in his chair.
Mandy moved in between his knees, her breasts at the level of his face.

      "Turn around." Mandy turned, her round ass now facing him. She looked
ahead.

      "Move forward and spread your legs."

      Mandy complied, spreading her legs widely.

      "Now bend over." Mandy bent, her ass cheeks separating to become two round
hemispheres split by a soft white lacy cord.

      Dominic placed his finger past the string against the rosebud of her
asshole, pressing gently. "You still have much to learn, little one. Tomorrow we
will begin your training anew." His finger began to push, and Mandy pushed back
against him. "I am expecting great things of you," Dominic continued. "I expect
your full cooperation at all times. You may find yourself severely tested once
again, and the whip will never be far away."

      He pushed hard, suddenly, and his finger thrust into her rectum. "Do you
think we will again need to use the whip on your clitoris, Mandy?"

      "A-ahh! No Master! I hope not, Master!"

      "You will find, Little One, that punishments are never very far away." His
finger was moving deeper, and wiggling back and forth inside her. "Your Master
enjoys punishing you. He likes to see your breasts, especially, bearing the
marks of the whip. This reminds him constantly that those breasts are under his
command. Are those breasts under his command, Mandy?"

      "Yes! A-ahh, yes Master!" Mandy was struggling now to keep her balance as
Dominic's finger pushed into her rectum. She could feel it deep inside her,
moving back and forth. 

      "And your asshole, and your cunt, Mandy. Is your cunt under his command?"

      Mandy had never heard him use the word before. She didn't like it, but she
said again "Yes Master!"

      "And you will learn your lessons well, won't you Mandy. You will learn to
use your breasts, and your lips, and your cunt, and your asshole, to give your
Master pleasure?"

      "Yes, Master, I will learn!"

      "And if he tells you that it will give him pleasure to torture your ass,
or your breasts, or your cunt - what will you do?"

      "Oh, Master!" said Mandy, feeling the pain and the humiliation of her
position but knowing so well the answers that would please her Master. "I will
take the pain for my Master! I will offer up my breasts, and my ass and my cunt
to my Master! I want to please him so much!"

      Dominic wrapped his other arm around the front of her thighs, and drove
his finger all the way in, wiggling it slowly. Then he pulled it out, watching
her pink asshole stretch and release it. He stood up, and moved around to
Mandy's front. Lifting her chin, he looked into her eyes. "See you tomorrow," he
said, and turned to go.

      Mandy breathed a long sigh, and wondered if she had permission to leave
her position. At the door, Dominic turned, and looked at his captive. Bent over
toward him, legs spread, tits dangling, she looked up at him, waiting for
permission to move. "At ease," he said finally, and left.

     

      * * *

     

      The next morning Jaffa brought her breakfast as if nothing had changed. As
he left, however, he said that he would be back in one half hour to get her.
Mandy ate quickly, showered, and was ready in her briefs when he returned. He
motioned for her to come with him, and she walked in front of him down the
corridor to a room she had not yet seen. Jaffa opened the door for her, and as
she stepped inside she saw it was a gymnasium, complete with mirror and dancer's
bar against one wall. She gasped in pleasure. She would be allowed to dance!

      Jaffa pointed out the music controls, and explained to her how the various
weight machines in the corner worked. He then left her, saying that he would
return in two hours and that the Master had instructed she start up a serious
training and dancing routine. She would be allowed in here every day for two
hours, assuming the Master had no reason to be displeased with her, and that she
should not abuse this privilege.

      Mandy fairly skipped her way around the room when he left, inspecting the
weight machines and looking through all the music. Finally she settled on a
classical piece, sat down to tie on a pair of toe shoes that were waiting for
her by the mat, and started warming up against the bar.

      Some time later Jaffa carried a tea tray down the hall and into the
Master's office. Inside he found Dominic at his desk watching Mandy go through
her exercises on the screen. Mandy was standing directly in front of the camera,
on the other side of the mirror. She stretched and bent, working out the
stiffness in her muscles. Her breasts would roll from side to side on her chest
as she arched back, and dangle enticingly as she leaned forward. The muscles in
her legs and buttocks clenched and relaxed repeatedly as she rose again and
again on her toes.

      Jaffa placed the tea tray on the table, and turned to watch the screen.
"You are being very lenient with this girl," he said.

      "I know," said Dominic. "I'm not quite sure why."

      Jaffa said nothing at first, contemplating the girl on the screen. Then
turned and looked at his employer. After a moment he spoke again: "I see nothing
wrong with it so far, Sir."

      "Dominic looked at him. "Thank you, Jaffa," he said. "I have always
trusted your experience."

      "You're welcome, sir." Jaffa looked at the screen briefly, then turned and
left.

      Dominic turned his attention once more to the girl on the screen and for a
while was  deep in thought. Then he turned to his desk and took care of his
business affairs. Soon, however, he was watching the screen again. Mandy had one
leg up on the bar, her other one straight down, toes pointed. She was stretching
- bending forward to grasp her ankle with both hands, her head touching her
knee, her breasts hanging on either side of her thigh. They looked massive
resting there against her thigh, and moved delightfully as she rose and fell on
her toes.

      What was the problem? Dominic struggled with himself. He had trained many
slaves. Many had fallen in love with him - none so quickly perhaps, but this was
nothing new. He knew exactly how to proceed. He would continue the training,
introducing new techniques quickly, exploiting her willingness to learn. Then he
would force her to use all of them - the most humiliating and debasing in
particular - on other men. He would watch, whip in hand, to ensure they were
carried out with utmost sincerity.

      Dominic looked at his computer screen. He already had expressions of
interest from several buyers, none of whom had even seen the latest offering.
With the push of a button he could distribute edited films of her training
sessions to many more potential customers. He knew that the response would be
unprecedented. This girl was outstanding - likely to be worth many millions in
only a few more months. His fingers hovered over the keyboard.

     

      * * *

     

      After some time the screen showed Jaffa entering the gym and ushering
Mandy back to her room, where she was given an hour to shower and rest. Then
Jaffa appeared again, and led her into another room. This one was long and thin,
and held a stage at one end. On it was a grand piano. Mandy gasped again in
pleasure. She was left again, for another two hours, under instructions to
practice and improve her technique in the event that the Master would wish her
to play for him. She happily complied, thrilling to feel of the keys and the
wonderful acoustics of the concert hall. She could not get used to the idea that
Donnini had played here, on the very piano she was seated at.

      When Jaffa appeared again it was mid afternoon. Mandy was not ushered back
to her room this time, but instead was taken past it, and down the hall. With a
start, she realized she was being taken once again to the training room. She
felt a knot of fear rising in her throat as they approached the door, but it was
tempered with the knowledge that she would soon be seeing her Master once again.

      Jaffa stood beside her as the door opened. Dominic was inside, sitting in
a wooden chair, dressed in his gown. There was nothing else in the room. Mandy
fell to her knees in the doorway, and then started to crawl towards Dominic on
knees and elbows, her back arched to thrust her ass in the air, and her breasts
touching the carpet. She looked up at him as she crawled, hoping for signs of
approval.

      Dominic watched her approach, marveling at how her breasts formed a smooth
cleavage right to the floor underneath her. "Stop," he said. "Remove your
thong."

      Mandy complied, rising on her knees to balance herself, and lifting one
knee at a time to remove it completely. Then she lay her head back down between
her Master's feet, leaving her arms out behind her, palms up, ass still high in
the air.

      "Turn over. Lie on your back, and spread your legs."

      Mandy complied again, rising to her knees, looking at him, and then
leaning over backwards to lie on her back, knees up, legs spread.

      Dominic then told her to open herself. With two hands, Mandy reached down
to her vagina, pulling the labia apart and exposing the pink flesh. Dominic rose
up and removed his robe, revealing his erection. Without a word, he knelt
between her legs and entered her. Mandy continued to hold herself open as he
slowly thrust into her. She lubricated quickly. It was the first time he had
entered her vagina since the rape on the first day. Dominic watched her intently
as he pleasured himself, exploring the depths of her vagina, withdrawing, and
entering again.

      Then, suddenly, he pulled out and stood up, his cock harder now, bobbing
in the air. Mandy stayed on the floor, her hands still venting herself. "On your
knees," said Dominic.

      Mandy rose to her knees, and took his member into her mouth. She wrapped
her lips around it, moving her tongue over the underside, trying to find the
parts she thought would be most sensitive. Dominic thrust deeper, again taking
his time. He kept his hands on his hips, telling Mandy only with his thrusts
that he wanted the back of her throat. He found it, pressing hard and watching
Mandy's struggles. Tears came to her eyes as she started to gag.

      "Look at me." said Dominic, and Mandy looked up, eyes brimming. Dominic
probed her mouth slowly. Finally he withdrew and Mandy could not help but focus
on the glistening cock bobbing above her face.

      "Ass up," said Dominic. Mandy turned to face away from him, falling
forward onto her elbows, and arched her back. Her knees were about a foot apart,
her ass cheeks were separated just enough for Dominic to see his next target.

      "Place your hands behind your back." said Dominic, and Mandy struggled to
comply, her face and shoulders now pressed into the carpet, her face to one side
and her breasts squeezing out on either side of her thin torso.

      "Now reach back and open yourself." Mandy again complied, her hands
reaching back to hold her ass cheeks and spread them widely.

      Dominic aimed his glistening erection at Mandy's pink rectum. "Take the
middle fingers of each hand and insert them. Spread your asshole for me." Mandy
shifted the grip of her hands on her ass cheeks to comply. Keeping them spread,
she found her asshole with her two middle fingers, and forced them in. Then,
hooking the sphincter muscle, she pulled it apart to form a small dark hole.
Dominic placed the end of his cock at the opening, and thrust in, telling her to
remover her fingers as he pushed. He slid in smoothly, and began to pump slowly
inside her again.

      Mandy, her face and breasts squashed to the floor, could feel him deep
inside her. She knew what was happening. Dominic was re-enacting her rape. He
was making her do voluntarily what he had forced her to do the first night when
he had attacked her. And she was doing it. Her ass was moving under his thrusts,
she was pushing back and holding her cheeks apart for him. She was complying
because she wanted him to be pleased with her.

      Dominic stopped suddenly, pulling out of her rectum with a wet pop. Mandy
retained her position, cheeks spread. Dominic stood, and told her to stand in
front of him. He placed his hands on the side of her breasts, lifting them
slightly, and looked directly into her eyes. "Do you understand what has just
happened?" he said.

      "Yes, Master," said Mandy, looking up at him. "I understand." She was
happy to say it, and Dominic saw this in her eyes. "Good," he said. "Now your
training can begin."

     

* * *



      Mandy's routine continued for several weeks. Every day she would exercise
and dance, and then after a shower she would be allowed to play the piano. Then
she would be ushered to the training room where Dominic would instruct her in
the ways she could use her body to please him. Afterwards she would shower and
prepare for dinner. At dinner, she and Dominic would talk and laugh, and then he
would take her back to her room. Mandy enjoyed every part of her day.

      To say that Dominic trained Mandy would be to miss the point. Mandy taught
herself. She would constantly be improvising on Dominic's instructions, doing
even more than he asked, displaying herself in even more lewd and humiliating
positions, focusing her entire attention on his reactions as she used her
tongue, her breasts, her vagina and her rectum to give him pleasure.

      She learned to bring him to the edge of orgasm and with a look into his
eyes discover whether he wanted it prolonged or consummated. She did not tease -
Dominic had only to react sharply at her first attempt to stop that forever. She
was his fantasy - an extension of his mind. She read his thoughts and complied
with his wishes. Sometimes he would look at her with a fixed expression, and
Mandy would know it was up to her to discover or choose the technique that would
please him most. At others, with only a few words she would know how to begin,
and he would guide her with the lightest touch on her face, or the softest of
groans.

      She learned that sometimes he did not want to be brought to orgasm, but
just kept in a pleasant state of arousal for long periods. She would walk with
him out of the training room, her hands holding his penis and balls, caressing
him gently and looking up at his face. When he stopped she would fall to her
knees, nuzzling his crotch and trying to catch his bobbing penis with her
tongue. Other times she would perform dances for him. She would practice in the
day for the occasion, dreaming up new ways to move and display herself.

      She learned that Dominic enjoyed the sight of his own erect penis, and
even more the sight of his semen spurting out and onto her face or breasts.
Dominic would often let her excite him with her mouth, but withdraw just before
orgasm. Mandy loved this moment. She would sink down before him, spreading her
knees onto the floor and arching her back to display her breasts. Then she would
bring her excited and happy face to his penis from below. With the tip of her
tongue firmly licking the most sensitive spot on the underside she would gently
cradle his balls and move her other hand along the moistened shaft. Sometimes
she would reach between his legs and enter his anus with a finger, swirling it
gently around as his orgasm built.

      Sometimes her Master would want to hold himself as he came. Mandy would
arch her back further and support her breasts from underneath, to display
herself for her Master's pleasure. She would look up at him happily as he came
in great globs, covering her face and hair with sticky white cum. She would wear
these signs of his passion proudly, letting it flow naturally down her face and
neck. Often he would let it dry in place before giving her permission to wash.

      Sometimes he would let her watch the tapes with him. She would observe the
screen, hands caressing him, and he would comment on where a particular spurt
had landed, or on how fine the head of his cock looked against the backdrop of
her obedient face. At times they would stop the playback and analyze her
performance. She would ask whether he had been pleased by her behavior. Did he
like the way she had kept her eyes open and fixed on his just then? Or should
she have focused on the head of his cock? Perhaps she should have held her mouth
open in a larger smile as the tip of her tongue caressed him.

      He was always most interested in her breasts, and she devised new ways to
use them to please him. With Dominic in a chair, she would stand in front of him
with her legs spread wide and she would lean forward so that her breasts hung
down. Then, placing her hands behind her back and pulling back her shoulders,
she would begin to shake and swing her breasts for him. As they bobbled and
swished, he would reach up and slap them from the sides, the sounds ringing out
sharply throughout the room. Sometimes he would grab her nipples and order her
to continue shaking, so that the flesh would jiggle against his hands.

      Other times he would make her kneel, legs spread, in front of his chair
with her hands behind her neck. She would have to arch her back while he slapped
her breasts with an open hand. Dominic found that he could get the loudest and
most pleasing sounds if he hit her breasts from below and slightly to the side.
Her breasts would respond by jerking upwards to hit her chin, and then fall in a
complex gooshing jiggle that proved endlessly fascinating, in practice and in
playback. For long periods they would not speak, the only sounds being the loud
slaps of hand on breast and Mandy's soft cries. Dominic's breathing would grow
heavier, and his erection painfully large as he slapped harder and harder.

      Usually in these sessions Mandy would finish him with her breasts, still
kneeling in front of him. She would envelop him in softness, the tip of his cock
emerging between the two mounds of round flesh, red and tingling from their
punishments. She would bend her head down to circle the rim with her tongue, and
run the tip back and forth across the underside. When he came, his white cum
would spurt upwards like a little fountain to hit Mandy on the lips and tongue,
and then dribble back down over his penis and gather in pools in her cleavage.

      Dominic insisted that her breasts be marked by the whip at all times.
Mandy knew this was a symbol of his power. He was aroused by her breasts, and he
insisted that they be entirely his, to abuse if he chose. Mandy offered her
breasts firmly and proudly to the whip, her reward the sight of his stiffening
cock and the lust she saw in his eyes. Dominic decided to mark her ass as well,
which he did with a larger whip that left long red weals on her skin. She would
wear them proudly as she walked down the halls in front of Jaffa.

      Dominic seldom had any real excuse to punish Mandy, but many times he
would do it simply for his own pleasure. The first time he explained beforehand
that he wanted to see her struggle and cry because he would find this exciting.
She was not to fake any of her expressions, but she was to abandon herself
sincerely to the experience of pain.

      Dominic began by showing her a piece of cotton and a jar full of a
transparent liquid. He was sitting and Mandy was on her knees in front of him.
He explained that the liquid was similar to the alkaloid that the doctor had
used during her examination, and would be very irritating and painful when it
was applied to her skin. Then he put a rubber glove onto his right hand, and
asked her to please lie over his knees. Mandy rose, and positioned herself over
his lap, her legs straight behind her, hands on the floor. He asked her to reach
back and part her ass cheeks. As she did so, Dominic dipped the cotton into the
jar, and then placed the jar carefully to one side. Putting his free hand on her
back he then forced the cotton deep into her anus with his thumb. Then he told
her to remove her hands and place them behind her neck. As she complied, he held
her ass cheeks together with both hands.

      The pain in Mandy's bowels began slowly, as a tickle, and then an
irritation. It grew, and as Dominic watched, Mandy began to roll on his thighs,
her back arching, and her legs kicking. He used his left hand on her back to
hold her down. She started to make noises, yelping and crying as the pain built
further. Her breasts started to swing. Then Dominic, still holding her with his
left hand, began to spank her.

      Dominic was in heaven. He loved the sight and feel of the screaming girl,
ass up for spanks, breasts flapping wildly. His hand fell again and again. He
looked up into the mirror, seeing Mandy's contorted face and her breasts from a
better angle. Mandy's struggles became quite uncontrollable, and Dominic
thrilled at the sight and feel of this naked girl squirming on his lap. His dark
side was hungry. He stood up, dumping Mandy onto the floor. "Ass up!" he
ordered.

      Mandy, barely hearing him, struggled into position, her hips and rectum
pulsing. Dominic reached for a condom, slipping it on quickly. Then he plunged
into her ass, forcing her flat onto her stomach, and pumped inside her. He
grasped her breasts from behind, squeezing them brutally. Once again he reveled
in the violence of an anal rape. Afterwards he had Mandy suck his cum from the
condom and hold it in her open mouth for him to see until he gave her permission
to swallow.

      Even after days like this, Dominic was always polite and civilized at
dinner. He would meet Mandy at the door and usher her gently to her seat and sit
her down. The conversation was always warm and polite, although Mandy knew there
were topics that could not be raised. They spoke of music, art, and philosophy,
and they found much in common.

      Dominic enjoyed leaving different articles of clothing for her to wear at
dinner. He said he liked the contrast between the conversation and the display
of her body. Once, when she opened the closet, she found only two red ribbons
draped over the bar. She tied each around one of her breasts, leaving big red
bows on the top. Then, naked but for her bows, she dined in elegant candlelight
with her Master. Another time she found the blue silk dress hanging there once
again, but this time with a roll of inch thick masking tape. She used the tape
to wrap her breasts tightly around the base so that they stood out like tight
round balls. The balls peeked lewdly out of her bodice throughout dinner, slowly
turning a darker shade of red that contrasted with the blue of her dress.

      After dinner, wine and conversation, Dominic would take Mandy back to her
room and see her into bed. Sometimes he would stay for a while, looking down at
her naked on the bed. One night he stood there and asked Mandy to open her legs.
When she did so, he sat beside her and reached down to her vagina. Opening her
labia, he found her clitoris and began to caress it gently, moving in circles.
Mandy lay there looking up at him. Dominic moved his lips down to touch hers
softly and began to probe her mouth gently with his tongue. Mandy's whole body
relaxed with the kiss as waves of pleasure ran through her. Dominic continued,
feeling her reactions, slowing down at times, controlling her feelings. Then, as
Mandy approached her first climax, he kissed her deeper still.

      Mandy melted with pleasure beneath him. Nothing in life had prepared her
for an experience so intense or so satisfying. She lay there helpless, happy and
tingling with pleasure.

      After that Mandy would sometimes orgasm during their afternoon training
sessions. Dominic took no notice. "A slaves orgasms do not matter," he said
once. "Only the Master's pleasure." But a door had been opened, and Dominic
would soon have to move to close it.

     

      Next chapter - A Setback




      Chapter 8. A Setback

     

      One day towards the end of a training session Dominic got up to relieve
himself, instructing Mandy to stay in position. She was on the floor with her
ass high in the air and her shoulders on the ground.  Her hands were between her
legs where she had been using them to caress Dominic's balls as he plunged into
her from behind. Mandy was so close to orgasm that she reached with one of her
fingers to caress herself, just for a moment. She came almost immediately. She
was still panting when Dominic returned.

      Dominic came into the room and stopped abruptly, looking at her. Swiftly
he strode to the wall near the cupboard and spoke sharply into the intercom.
"Jaffa. Play the last five minutes on the room monitor."

      A panel in the wall moved smoothly aside to reveal a large screen.
Instantly it came to life and Mandy saw a full size image of herself, ass up
with her hands between her legs caressing Dominic's balls as he stroked into
her. Dominic's body went stiff, shuddering for a few moments, and then he got up
and left. Moments later the image clearly showed the middle finger of her right
hand rising up. Moments later her body shivered.

      Dominic shut off the screen and opened the cupboard. Mandy let out a
desperate wail: "Master! I am so sorry! I couldn't help myself!"

      Dominic turned to face her. Both whips were once again in his hand and his
expression was dark. "Mandy, I am very disappointed in you." he said.

      Mandy cried out again and then rolled over onto her back, spreading her
legs and arching her neck to look up at him. Then, incredibly, her hands went to
her crotch and she reached into her own vagina and spread the lips to form a
huge gaping pink expanse of flesh. The offending clitoris was still glistening
and swollen from her activities, standing up like a little nipple. "Oh Master!
Forgive me!"

      Dominic strode over to her and stood with his feet on either side of her
breasts. He was deeply angry. The whip landed solidly. "Whap!" It had been some
time since that unmistakable sound had been heard in this room. "Whap! Whap!"
The whip rose and fell two more times as Mandy screamed and struggled to hold
her vagina open and her legs spread. Dominic dropped to his knees beside her,
looking her in the face as his thumb and forefinger reached for her clitoris and
squeezed. "Did I not explain that your orgasms are mine!" He was screaming at
her. "Mine!"

      The smaller whip leaped into his hand and he continued to punish her as
she writhed on the floor. The slaps rang out sharply, but Mandy continued to
hold herself open, her hips rocking back and forth. Dominic paused, and Mandy
finally lay still, her face a mask of pain, her hands still holding herself.
Dominic aimed one last blow, his hardest yet, right on target. Mandy screamed in
pain, her hands flying up, her legs scissoring together. Dominic placed both his
hands on her hips, holding them still. Then, looking at her face again, he
reached down and placed his middle finger directly on her tortured clitoris, and
pressed. Mandy's mouth opened in a terrible scream. She rolled away from him,
struggling, but he followed, goosing her unmercifully. Finally he stopped, and
with an expression of disgust he turned to leave.

      "No! Stay Master! Please!" Mandy wanted him to stay - stay and punish her.
Stay and torture her. Stay and do anything, but stay. Dominic took no notice.
She was left to herself, sobbing in her pain and her shame. It was heartbreak.

      Later Jaffa came and took her back to her room. There were no clothes in
her closet. She hobbled into the shower and painfully prepared to go to dinner
naked, but no-one came. A jar of salve was on the dresser, but she could not
even bring herself to use it. She spent the night alone, sobbing and desolate.

      The next day Jaffa announced that she would not be allowed to dance or
play piano until further notice, and that the training sessions would begin an
hour earlier. Later, as she was painfully making her way down the hall to the
training room, she was resolved to do anything at all to win back her Master's
favor. Anything. That day her Master was particularly cruel.

      When the door opened Mandy saw with initial relief that the room contained
only his chair, although she also saw a small table over by the cupboard with
some jars and other things. Dominic was standing by the chair, already naked and
erect. But then Mandy's heart fell. Dominic's erection was enormous. It looked
once again like an instrument of death.

      Dominic ordered her into the room and made her kneel in front of his chair
with her hands behind her neck. He then wheeled the small table over to her
side. Mandy looked at the tray and saw with horror that one of the jars
contained the same liquid that had been inserted into her anus only a few days
before. Worse, there were two huge syringes on the table, with wide barrels and
long needles.

      Dominic sat down in front of Mandy, and for a moment he looked at her. His
eyes were dark. Mandy arched her back, thrusting her breasts at him wanting him
to show him how obedient she could be. He reached for her breasts. They filled
his hands, spilling over the ends of his fingers in the middle. He held them for
several moments, lifting and squeezing. It was as if he wanted to measure their
weight, shape and firmness.

      Then Dominic turned to the table at his side and lifted up one of the long
needles. He held it in front of Mandy, showing it to her, but said nothing. Then
he inserted the needle into one of the jars. As he drew the liquid up, leaving
it nearly full, Dominic said: "This is a saline solution." Then, as he inserted
the needle into the other jar and filled the barrel the rest of the way, he said
simply: "This one is not." Dominic repeated the process with the other needle,
leaving them both on the table. He looked back at Mandy, whose eyes were now
filled with horror.

      "Position number three," said Dominic. Mandy had a huge knot in her
stomach, and a wave of fear ran through her. She was terrified. But at the back
of her mind she knew that at least she was not being ignored. She had a chance.
She would please her Master. She would get him back, somehow.

      She took her hands and placed them under her breasts, circling as much of
the flesh as she could at the base, and then pushed out, squeezing with her
fingers to make the round balls as firm as possible. Dominic took one of the
needles in his right hand and held her left nipple gently with the other. Slowly
he brought the end of the needle to her nipple. Then, carefully finding one of
the milk ducts, he began to push it into her.

      Mandy felt little more than the prick of entry as Dominic continued to
push. When it was in to the hilt he had still not reached her ribcage. He raised
his knee up and rested the needle carefully on it, and then picked up the other
needle. This one he aimed at her right breast, pushing slowly and being careful
not to move his knees. Mandy was frozen as she watched. She held her breasts
absolutely still. There was quiet.

      Dominic was focused on his work. The irritant had been developed by his
doctor for use in the punishment of slaves. It was highly effective and safe,
but only if used properly. If too much was administered or if the needles were
not inserted carefully or if the slave moved her breasts abruptly, lasting
damage could occur. Much of a young slave's value depended on the size and shape
of her breasts. He could not afford a mistake.

      With both needles resting on his raised knees, Dominic raised his hands
and moved his fingers in the air for a moment, relaxing them. Then he grabbed
each needle with his first two fingers and placed his thumbs against the
plungers. Squeezing tightly with his fingers, he first pushed each of the
needles in deeper, forcing the barrel of each needle into the round balls of her
breasts. Then feeling he had reached her ribs, he looked into her eyes again.

      "Hold absolutely still." Dominic did nothing for a moment as his words
sank in. Then he began to withdraw the needles slowly, pressing the plungers as
he went. Mandy watched as gradually the needles came out of her nipples. It took
some time, and at first she felt only the pressure of the liquid building inside
her breasts. She had to relax her grip as her breasts began to swell. Then,
swiftly, she had to relax even more. Her breasts were swelling rapidly in her
hands. She could not keep her hands in position!

      Finally Dominic pulled the needles completely free and placed them on the
table. "Put your hand behind your neck," he said. Mandy complied, her breasts
stretching up. Dominic placed his hands around them from the sides, lifting them
slightly and squeezing them gently together.

      It was a few moments before Mandy began to feel the pain. It began deep
inside both of her breasts as a sharp itch. It grew, spreading through her
breasts and growing in intensity. It would not stop. It grew, until it was
unbearable. She cried out, her eyes brimming with tears. "Aggh! Master! It
hurts!"

      Dominic continued to hold her breasts firmly, watching them and feeling
them swell in his hands. An angry red rash began to appear on the skin. It was
happening faster now. Mandy's breasts were turning into huge tight balls on her
chest. They compressed against each other in the middle and pushed his hands
apart, past the sides of her torso. The aureolae were swelling too, the nipples
pointing out. It happened swiftly and steadily. It was as if he were holding two
large balloons as they were being inflated.

      Mandy's cries were sharper now, but Dominic did not hear them. He was
focused on her breasts and how they were reacting to the irritant. This was a
delicate stage and he had to be sure he had the dosage right. Finally he felt
the swelling stop. He kept his hand on the sides of her breasts, shaping gently,
making sure.

      Then, finally, Dominic sighed and his face relaxed. His hands fell to his
knees. He leaned back into his chair looking at Mandy's straining face through
relaxed, half closed eyes. It was time. His penis began to swell between his
legs. Slowly it rose up in front of the straining, sobbing girl with the
impossibly inflated breasts.

      Mandy was struggling hard. She could not believe the pain in her breasts.
Her eyes were closed and her hands were clenching and unclenching behind her
neck. Her tongue was working back and forth inside her open mouth. She couldn't
keep her head or her torso still. Her face worked back and forth. Each breath
raised her ribs and brought new pains to her breasts.

      Dominic watched her for a few moments and then he pushed his chair back.
Rising, he went to the cupboard and opened it. Inside were all of his whips and
crops, each specialized to its purpose. There were also ropes and straps of all
description. He reached for several ropes and turned to face Mandy.

      Mandy was still on her knees in front of his chair. "Stand up!" he said.
Mandy was shaking so much she had difficulty, but managed to stand. She kept her
hands behind her neck. Dominic moved to her side and looked at her. There would
be no need for to her hold her breasts. They were taut as basketballs and nearly
as large. He had something else planned.

      "Stand up straight!  Spread your legs!"

      Mandy heard him, and tried to comply. It was a struggle even to control
her body, but she did it.

      "Now arch your back! Hands behind your head! I want yours tits out! Do
it!"

      "Aggh! Master, it hurts so much!" Mandy tried to arch her back but could
not bear the pain it created in her breasts.

      "You will obey me!" Dominic had never spoken so loudly and Mandy's fear
cut through her pain. Her shaking subsided, and she stood. Slowly, her face
contorting in pain, she pushed her breasts out for him.

      Dominic moved behind her and attached a rope to each of her wrists. Then
he dropped down to do the same to her ankles. After a few more preparations
Mandy was standing in the centre of the room with her legs attached by ropes to
either wall and her arms raised out and held above her head.

      Dominic walked to the cupboard again. He reached for his controller and
contemplated for a moment his collection of whips. He chose one that was
particularly long and stiff and then returned to stand in front of Mandy.

      Mandy was terrified. Her breasts were in intense pain and she had no idea
what was about to happen. Dominic spoke:

      "Mandy, I am about to take you to a level of punishment that you could
never have believed possible. You will not be required to cooperate through such
an ordeal. You may struggle and cry and scream as loudly as you like. You may
beg me for mercy . . ."

      "Master! Please! Make it stop! It Hurts! It Hurts! It Hurts!"

      Mandy's cries were loud and piteous. They went right to Dominic's cock. He
smiled and stood back for a moment, looking at the slim naked girl in the centre
of his chamber. Her breasts were so big she could be a cartoon. "What a life,"
he thought. This was going to be fun. He raised the controller and pushed a
button.

      Mandy screamed and panicked. She tried to run away, but it was far too
late for that. Inexorably her arms were pulled out and up toward the ceiling.
She had to move to the centre of the room, then stand on her tiptoes, then
finally she felt herself being pulled up off her feet. She hung, stretched out
and spreadeagled. She looked around, seeing herself from several angles in all
the mirrors. Her breasts stood out like great colored melons on her slim and
stretched body.

      Now Dominic could relax and really enjoy himself. He moved to stand at
Mandy's side and slowly raised the whip. It made a swish as he moved it back and
forth through the air. Finally it came down sharply on the tops of her breasts.

      "Swishhh . . . Crack!"

      "Arrgh! Ow! Ahh!" Mandy's cries were loud and shrill.

      Swisshh . . .Swissshhh . . . Crack!" The whip fell again on Mandy's taut
breasts.

      "AHHGGH! Stop! Stop! Please Master, STOP!"

      Dominic did not stop. He brought the whip down again and again against her
breasts, marking them with bright stripes. The sound in the room was electric to
his ears - a long pattern of sharp slicing cracks! on a continual background of
cries and sobs. Dominic's cock was enormous. It bounced with pleasure at the
struggles and cries of its victim.

      Each blow would cause Mandy's body to jerk and squirm, but she could not
protect her breasts. They stood out prominently, no matter what she tried to do.
She simply could not believe the pain in her breasts. Soon she saw and heard and
felt nothing else. All of her was focused on the incredible itching, burning
corrosion that was feeding on her breasts. Two fires that were consuming her
from the inside. A pain that would not relent, but grew and evolved into new
agonies as the poison moved through her flesh. The whip fell again and again.

      Dominic found her breasts so large he had better success when he attacked
each one individually. For a while he moved in front so as to hit them on the
sides. Then he moved to the side again, swinging up to catch them underneath.
The whip fairly bounced as it hit her taut flesh. He started to swing and then
hold, so that the whip would stop when it hit her breast, remaining nestled in a
shallow indentation. Then, lifting it, he would see the stripe beneath.
Throughout he enjoyed the sight of Mandy's naked body struggling, straining and
jerking in its bonds. His whip was the baton -- he was conducting a symphony in
pain.

      After some time he stopped the whipping and moved to stand in front of
Mandy once again. Her breasts were enormous, hard, and bright red against her
paler torso. Reaching forward, he palmed them from the front, feeling the
nipples against his hands. Then he began to slap them from the sides and bottom.
They would move with his blows, but the bounce was gone. The flesh was taut and
they were so large he could slap her nipples with the heel of his hand and his
fingers would touch nothing but breast. It was like spanking a firm ass cheek.

      He began to watch her face as he struck. Her eyes were closed, but
shewould wince with each slap. Her head moved constantly, rolling and bobbing as
waves of pain surged through her. Her mouth was open, her cries mingling with
the sound of his slaps.

      "Open your eyes! Look at me!" Mandy's eyes were pools of anguish, deep and
blue. She was barely conscious. Dominic grabbed her nipples and squeezed,
looking intently. Mandy's mouth opened with her cries, her tongue moving inside.
Dominic's face was closer now, and he grabbed as much of each breast as he could
hold from the front.

      "Look at me!" He squeezed hard, watching as the pain played upon her face.
"Do you understand your position? Do you understand that you belong to me!"

      "Agggh" Mandy's cry was pathetic. "Yes Master!"

      "Say It!"

      "I belong to you, Master! I belong to you!"

      Dominic let go of her breasts and moved to the side once again. He picked
up the whip. He would finish, as always, with her nipples and aureolae. With the
swish and crack of the first strike his cock bounced up to hit his belly,
feeling ready to explode. He did each breast separately so as to hit only with
the very end of the whip. The blows fell swiftly, almost on top of each other,
while his cock strained as if it could watch, and wanted to be closer to her
nipples as they were being struck.

      Finally Dominic's arm grew tired. Mandy hung there exhausted, still
sobbing heavily. Her breasts were spotted with blood and covered with stripes.
They were still enormous and taut on her chest, like dark red balloons. Her
breathing slowly softened as she hung, legs spread. Dominic stood there and
looked at her for some time.

      Finally he moved in front of Mandy again and picked up the controller.
Mandy was lowered to her feet and her arms gradually came down as well. At first
they hung loosely on the ropes, but then she came awake and tried to get them
behind her neck once again. She was unsteady. She knew she should be arching her
back, but she had not the strength.

      Dominic freed her arms and legs. Then he sat down in his chair and made
her kneel once again between his legs. He made her keep her hands in position.
Finally she was set to his satisfaction and he leaned forward.

      "Your punishment will end when you have brought me to orgasm. You will
make me come by jerking me off with your tits. You are to use no other
technique. Do you understand?"

      Mandy looked down at her striped and swollen breasts. The pain inside them
was so intense she could not bear to touch them. They were huge, and they were
so tight she thought he could not fit between them. How could she use her
breasts to make him come?

      She started to cry, again, and with the tears rolling down her cheeks she
looked at him and said: "Master, I can't! My breasts hurt so much!"

      Dominic swiftly reached down with both hands to grab them from each side.
Compressing them and squeezing sharply with his fingers he spoke into her face:
"You think they hurt now? Do you want to feel how they can really hurt!"

      "A-ahh! No, Master! Let go, Please!" Mandy's hands were grabbing his,
trying to move them off her breasts.

      Dominic squeezed sharply harder and said evenly: "Place your hands behind
your neck!"

      Mandy shrieked in pain, her face a stretched, agonized version of itself.
But her hands did as they were told, and moved back behind her head. Dominic
maintained his hold while he waited to be sure that she had fully complied, then
relaxed his grip. He flattened his palms against her breasts and moved them
slightly, feeling the curves and the tautness of her skin. Then he lay back in
his chair, placing his hands behind his head, and spread his legs wide.  "You
may begin." he said.

      Sobbing loudly, Mandy shuffled forward on her knees. She had to rise up to
get her breasts onto his thighs, and she heard Dominic sigh as they came down to
rest on his skin. His cock was huge rising up from his balls. It stood up
straight, curving slightly towards him. As she looked down at it the head seemed
to pulse and grow even larger, the opening like a little rectangle on the top.
Mandy wanted to lean down and caress the head with her tongue, and then flick
her tongue gently over the underside, just where the bottom ridge joined the
head. She knew she could make him come with her tongue. But she wasn't allowed.
How could she do it with these two enormous painful balls on her chest?

      Dominic gave no advice. Mandy tried gingerly to hold her breasts
underneath, and winced at the pain. Hearing Dominic's chuckle, she focused her
efforts and she managed to lift and separate them slightly. It was enough to
move forward a bit, and she leaned forward as well to place her breasts on
either side of his cock. But it was hopeless. Her breasts were so taut that she
could not envelop him properly. She would not be able to do it.

      Mandy sobbed again and looked up at Dominic. He was smiling, and as she
watched he made himself more comfortable on the chair, arching his penis into
her. Mandy did her best, rising and falling on her knees to make her breasts rub
against his penis, but she could tell that it wasn't working. She tried once to
take his penis in her hand and hold it to her breast, but Dominic ordered her to
stop. But without her hand she just couldn't grab his penis. It kept bobbing
away from her. Weeping with pain and frustration, she tried caressing the
underside with her nipples. Again his penis kept bobbing away from her.

      Dominic watched with growing amusement as Mandy tried to stimulate him. It
wouldn't take much. Her cries of pain and the tears streaming down her face onto
her huge red and punished breasts were exciting enough. But what thrilled him to
the core and made his cock jerk with excitement was the power. He felt enormous
power. This girl was struggling and sacrificing herself, fighting intense pain
just to please his cock. He watched, drinking in the spectacle through half
closed eyes as she moved her enormous, swollen and punished breasts, wincing and
crying with the effort while his cock bobbed and weaved and laughed in front of
her.

      Mandy was still getting nowhere when the head of Dominic's cock got
trapped momentarily between her breasts. Her downward movement bent it towards
her, and then it released, bobbing in the air again. Mandy's eyes lit up
suddenly. She got up off her knees, sticking out her ass. She was now leaning at
the waist so that her breasts hung down over his cock. Reaching underneath to
cradle them in her hands, she ever so gently moved them apart and lowered
herself at the waist so that his cock was directly between them. As she released
them, they closed together tightly around the head. A new sound came from her
lips - a cry of success - as she held her breasts together at the sides and
started to move her torso up and down.

      Dominic groaned as his cock began to get its first real stimulation. The
valley between Mandy's breasts was soaked with tears, and well lubricated.
Still, Mandy felt this might not be enough. In another inspiration she stepped
over his thigh so that she was standing beside the chair. Now her right breast
was rubbing the underside of his cock, just where she knew he was most
sensitive. Her left breast, guided by her hand, trapped his cock and kept it
from escaping.

      Now it didn't take long. Dominic felt the familiar glow in his balls
beginning to spread. As it built he opened his eyes wide and reached out to grab
Mandy's left ass cheek. His fingers dug in as he felt his seed move within him.
His hips rose up as he came, shooting his load between Mandy's punished breasts.

      Mandy felt him spend on her chest and sobbed with relief. She continued to
stroke as several more spurts burst out against her breasts and slid back down
along his. Then, feeling his cock finally beginning to soften, she let go her
breasts and grabbed the arm of the chair opposite her. Her head hung down, as
did her breasts, still intensely painful and swollen and heaving with her
breathing.

      Dominic lay back with his eyes closed. His body was filled with pleasure
and he enjoyed all of it, allowing his orgasm to subside slowly. When he opened
his eyes finally Mandy was still poised above him. He looked down to see his
cock still softly erect. "You may clean me with your tongue." he said.

      Mandy gratefully complied, licking and slurping around his cock and balls
until he was glistening clean. His right hand moved onto his knee and palmed her
nipple, cradling her breast as she worked at her task. When she was done she
looked up at him, careful not to pull her breast out of his hand. He squeezed it
gently, watching as little sharp jerks of pain crossed her face and eyes.

      Dominic said: "Jaffa will give you the antidote. You will find that the
pain goes away quickly. The swelling will be reduced by this evening, and your
breasts will be nearly recovered by tomorrow." He sat up, and she fell to her
knees beside his chair. "I will see you again tomorrow."

      Then he rose to put away the whip, the jars and the needles, closing the
cupboard before he turned to look at her again. "Jaffa will be here shortly," he
said, and went out the door.

      The rest of that week Dominic continued to punish her during their
training sessions. He left her damaged clitoris and breasts alone, giving them
time to recover, but still found ways to cause her pain. She had another session
with the irritant up her rectum, and the buggering that followed compressed her
breasts painfully against the floor. She spent another afternoon doubled over
the back of his chair while he punished her with a variety of instruments,
commenting on the sounds and the marks that each one made, until he finally
chose a favorite.

      But by the end of the week she could tell that his anger was subsiding,
and she redoubled her efforts to please him. Her breasts recovered, as did her
swollen clitoris. Gradually, there returned a semblance of normalcy and by the
following week she was allowed once more to dance and play music, and he began
to eat with her again in the evenings. But there was still a distance in him
that she could not breach and could not fathom.

      Dominic felt his anger subsiding as well. He knew that it had been
directed partly at himself, although of course it had been carried out against
Mandy. He had made a serious error in his training, and he was very lucky not to
have been caught. He had been far too soft with this girl. If Mandy had been
caught touching herself in the house of a new Master it could have ruined his
reputation. Dominic's reputation was his business - it had to be impeccable.




      Chapter 9. A Decision

     

      Another week went by. It was becoming clear to Mandy that there was little
more that Dominic could teach her. Every day she had learned and practiced the
ways that a slave can please her Master, and she had been an exceptional
student. She was accomplished and confident. She read his wishes with ease, and
responded almost before he was aware of them. And while she had felt them coming
closer in the evenings, he was still troubled by something, and she knew it
involved her. But she could not question him.

      One night after dinner Dominic brought Mandy to orgasm again. He was
smooth and gentle. He watched her closely, feeling her shudder through his
fingers and hearing her soft cries of pleasure. The next day he watched her on
the screen as she danced. She was happier now. Her piano playing was happier
too. Afterwards he had Jaffa bring her directly to his office.

      Dominic was dressed in his robe, sitting in his chair. When Mandy walked
in, he threw open the robe to expose his cock. He asked Jaffa to stay and watch
as Mandy caressed him.

      Mandy fell to her knees and took him into her mouth. Her wide soft eyes
looked up at him as she gently caressed his balls from underneath with her
fingers. Then, as he grew in her mouth, she stood up and moved forward until she
was straddling him. Reaching down and holding him gently, she placed the head of
his penis against her vagina, and settled slowly, letting the head enter her
moist cavity.

      She stopped then, and brought her arms up and placed them behind her back,
grabbing her elbows. Then, leaning forward and keeping him just inside her, she
dangled her breasts over his chest. Legs spread wide, his penis lodged nicely in
her warmth, she began to shake her breasts. Back and forth she moved, making her
glorious orbs dance for him. She swung them from side to side, her nipples
brushing his chest on each pass. Then she raised herself slightly so the head of
his cock was held by her lips in a wet, open mouthed kiss.

      She began to shimmy, moving her shoulders back and forth in a fast jiggle
that sent shock waves coursing through her breasts. The movements carried to her
hips and sent rivers of pleasure through Dominic's penis. As she shook she
watched him. He was smiling and she saw his eyes lose focus. When they closed,
she slowed her movements and slowly descended down on his penis, just once, to
the hilt. Then she stood up slowly and withdrew, leaving him jerking and
glistening between her legs.

      She moved back and lowered herself onto her knees, once again between his
legs. Leaning forward, she opened her mouth and held him gently in her pursed
lips. Reaching down to gather up her breasts, she placed them on either side of
his lubricated cock. Then she looked up at him and, without stopping her oral
caresses, began to gently squeeze his cock between her breasts, occasionally
shaking them to make the nipples wobble.

      Holding him firmly, she then moved her chin back to look at the head of
his cock. It poked up in front of her, swollen and purple. Smiling and holding
his gaze with her eyes she opened her mouth and waved her tongue softly in the
air over its target. Then, still squeezing him tightly, she began to caress the
underside with the tip of her tongue. Her face was gentle - happy - gorgeous.
She began to move her breasts up and down slowly, maintaining the contact
between the tip of her tongue and the most sensitive part of his cock.

      Dominic was lost in an ocean of pleasure. His cock and balls were filled
with electric thrills that radiated out from Mandy's tongue, and the spectacle
of her face under his cock framed by her marvelous jiggling breasts was awe
inspiring. He could feel his orgasm building inside him.

      Still, there was something missing. Dominic's head rose, his stomach
muscles tightening. Mandy knew what was coming, but she held her position,
keeping her breasts well squeezed and holding him tightly, her tongue firmly
caressing his cock. Dominic grabbed her nipples, using them to pull himself up
so that he was sitting over the girl with her tongue placed so nicely. Mandy's
held breasts were now pushing against his belly.

      "Look at me." said Dominic. Keeping the tip of her tongue placed carefully
on his most sensitive spot, Mandy looked up, her eyes apprehensive. Dominic
looked at her a moment, and then slapped her face harshly, the sharp sound
puncturing what had been a silent room.

      "Whap!" He slapped her again from the other side. Mandy's eyes brimmed
with tears, but she held her position, looking up at him. Several more slaps
rang out, and a few tears began to roll down Mandy's cheeks. The next slaps
sounded sharper against her wet skin.

      Dominic stopped, looking at her reddened face and the hurt in her soft
eyes. His cock was throbbing now. The head pulsed visibly between her bulging
breasts. She had not been able to keep her tongue in place during the slaps, but
out it came once more, long and pink, to find its target. As he watched, it
resumed a slow caress. She looked up at him.

      "Continue.".

      Mandy's lips quivered as her tongue began to move against the soft
underside of Dominic's cock, just where the head met the shaft. She rasped the
tip up and down a few times, and then she felt his body stiffen. She leaned
forward more and wrapped her lips around his cock, forming a gentle and loving
seal around the head. Inside, her tongue continued its caresses.

      A groan, and then he came strongly into her mouth. She held him for some
time, even reaching behind his balls to draw her fingers forwards through his
crotch and force out the last drops. Then she straightened up slightly, still
holding his penis softly in one hand. With the other she raised her breast up to
her mouth, and allowed a large gob of his cum to drip down onto her nipple.
Then, reaching under that breast, she raised the other one, and another large
gob of white cum oozed out, falling from her lips to her nipple. Then she gently
dropped his shrinking penis, her eyes still fixed on his. She raised herself up
slightly and put both her hands under her breasts, holding them up and out, the
nipples pointing towards him. The cum on her nipples slowly oozed to the
underside and formed two long drips, hanging in space. Then Mandy's lips parted
slightly and she allowed a bit more cum from her mouth to flow out, running down
the center of her chin and hanging. There she waited, still looking softly into
his eyes, the tears still fresh on her reddened cheeks.

      Dominic watched, mesmerized, as Mandy held her position. The drops of cum
slowly lengthened in the silence. Finally he spoke, but it was not to Mandy.

      "Jaffa," he said. "I want to ask you a question. I need an honest answer."

      "Of course, Sir," Jaffa replied, his eyes on the girl.

      "I want you to describe for me your impression of my state of mind over
the past few months."

      Jaffa replied immediately, not taking his eyes off Mandy. "Sir, I can
honestly say that I have never seen you so happy or so satisfied."

      Dominic was silent as he watched the string of cum on Mandy's chin stretch
out. Just as he started to speak it broke off and fell into the cleavage between
her breasts. "I know," he said.

      "Jaffa, I think I may just have to keep this one for myself."

      Mandy could not help herself. Her lips broke into a broad smile, the white
cum flowing out and down the sides of her chin. Her eyes were ecstatic.

      Dominic smiled back, and gave her permission to swallow.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Archetype


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





