BDSM Library - In Trouble Again




In Trouble Again
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Short take on master and slave at home...
In Trouble Again

The butt plug in my ass burned and made my entire body tense with the fullness.
Yet I struggled to remain passive and docile as I lay next to my Master,
listening to His words and watching His eyes as they bore into mine. He was
propped up on His side, as was His wont, as He lectured me on my lack of
training and my wrongdoings of the day. My right arm lay trapped under His body,
my left arm stilled only by fear. His right leg lay possessively over my groin
as He toyed cruelly with my left nipple.

"I have been extremely patient with you, my beautiful slut, haven't I?" He asked
in deceptively innocent voice. The only appropriate response was out of my mouth
without thinking, "Yes Sir" I murmured softly. "Then why do you persist in
misbehaving like this? You know that I do not like to punish you?" Another
question with the rote response coming from me. His heavy sigh of exasperation
was meant to further terrify me and it worked. His fingers at my nipple were
tweaking the tip more aggressively, twisting the tit in ways that it was never
meant to be twisted. I clenched my fist, in an attempt to keep myself from
reaching up to stop his hand, knowing that such an action was unacceptable.

"Now little one, tell me exactly why I must punish you this evening." His
request might have been as nonchalant as asking what was for dinner in a normal
household but I was not fooled. Behind the quiet, intelligent face was a sadist
who delighted in tormenting me. My faux pas this evening was small in my eyes,
but served as yet another opportunity to beat and torture his slave.

My eyes filled with tears, knowing that with my admission of failure, my
punishment would not be far behind. This happened night after night and tonight
would be no exception. Careful to keep my eyes on his, as failure to do so was
also reason for punishment, I started my begging.

"Please Sir, Your slave failed to have the newspaper ready at Your reading chair
on Your arrival home. I am truly sorry Sir and I accept the punishment that You
deem necessary to correct this foolish slave." Tears blurred my vision so His
face wavered in my sight. I heard rather than saw the smile He bestowed upon me
at the completion of my short speech and felt the release of my tortured nipple.

"Now, was that so hard?" He continued. "You see, you know your errors and know
the proper behaviors but you still make mistakes. It is very clear I am being
too lenient with you and I need to take a firmer hand in your corrections. From
now on, your kind master will be rougher with you, little slave. Now beg your
master prettily to take better control of you and thank him for having the
patience to put up with your foolishness."

For a moment, I was quiet with shock. His words scared me as there was no way I
could live through "firmer corrections." He was already cruel beyond words and
to force me to ask for more was akin to asking for my own death. He read my mind
clearly as his hand tightened on my breast in the first sign of anger. "SPEAK
BITCH!!!!" He yelled into my face as I cringed under the crippling grip on my
tit.

"Ssssssir. Yesssssir." Stammering in pain, at first I could not even remember
what I had been asked to say but thankfully the words came in time. "Pleeeeease
Sirrrr. This foolish sssssssssslave is in neeeed ........owwwwwwww........of
Your firmmmmmmmm guidance. Pleasssssssse punish me Sirrrr" I sobbed out, knowing
that I was asking for torture beyond comprehension.

The grip on my tit was released and my body sagged. The smile on his beautiful
face did not soften the next words. "Anything to please my beautiful whore."

He bent down to kiss me softly on the lips. I reveled in that moment of
gentleness, giving me a glimpse of the reason I was here in the first place. The
man I had agreed to sell my soul to was a gentle man, one that I loved, one that
kissed me softly and made me feel wonderful to be his pet, his toy. But
somewhere along the way, this inner angry, and sadistic man had come out and now
I was chained to a monster.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  spoytllady


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





