BDSM Library - Shipwreecked




Shipwreecked
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Losing his ship in a storm a captain finds himself shipwrecked in an island ruled by women. Given a choice to either submit for life or die - he submits and finds his freedom.
Shipwreecked

It was well past midnight when he finally came to. He knew because he was
familiar with the night sky in these parts. Orion was nearly at its westernmost
point. AS he lay in the water bruised and dazed S remembered the last hours on
board his ship - the crash as the hull hit the rocks of the shallow coast of the
gulf of Sirens and the quickness with everything seemed to follow after that. He
had thrown himself off the bridge when the ship slowly started to turn about its
aft, and remembered hitting the water and desperately swimming away to avoid
being sucked under. He was a powerful swimmer and had managed to put a safe
distance between himself and the wake as his ship slowly keeled over and sank
beyond sight.

Now he was alone, shivering and waiting for the dawn. He looked about in the
half-light to locate a dry spot. He seemed be on an island. He tried to remember
the maps of the area but could not recall anything like this one. Up above him
the island rose - he could dimly make out a rocky structure like a primeval
castle, but he thought his mind was playing games. So he decided to find a warm
dry spot and wait for the morning instead to recce. He crawled to the edge of
the rock and finding a shallow pit, lowered himself and lay down. His crew was
probably dead. He felt pangs of guilt for not having done enough...

Little did he know that high above, someone was tracking his movements. Someone
had seen the ship sink far out to sea and had seen him struggle to the shore.
Infra red binoculars showed him up against the cold rocks and even as he
snuggled to keep himself warm, he was showing up as a warm mass of flesh against
the cold ambient. Little did he know that even as he burrowed deeper into the
undergrowth urgent messages were being relayed between unseen sentinel and that
with every passing moment they were getting close to him.

He woke up with a start as a sharp pain ran through his back. He doubled up in
pain and felt blood oozing out of the small of his back. Under the skin he could
feel a lump and try as much as he could  he had no way of reaching it. Meanwhile
close by unseen sentinels could now track his every movement through the signals
of the transmitter - now under his skin. A little above him he could now see the
flash of torch lights and shadows of figures descending fast. He could also hear
animated cries as his pursuers closed in on him. He tried to burrow deeper into
the undergrowth, but bit by bit it was getting clearer that he was the hunted
and that the hunters were closing in. He could hear horses...

The first sign that they were nearly on him was when the undergrowth snapped
under the weight of a large animal. As he looked up, lying on his back he could
see the sharp silhouette of a horse-borne figure, carrying a sharp spear like
object. As the figure dismounted and walked towards him, he could see moonbeams
dancing on the figures long sliver hair. The air crackled as he felt a whip cut
through the air and break his skin just under his chest. The figure was now
standing right above him. He felt the sharp pain as the figure placed it's foot
on his bleeding chest and realized with a shock that it was woman - tall, busty
- like a Greek martial goddess.

She leaned over and quickly tied a leather collar with a chain around his neck
and then straightened up - placing the arch of her leather boots on his neck as
she did. She pulled the chain up while pressing him down with her foot and asked
who he was... He was choking but managed to answer that he was a captain of a
ship that had sunk off the coast.

The tall horsewoman then took out a horn and blew, and within minutes he was
surrounded by a group of similar horsewomen. They disembarked and proceeded to
beat him up with sticks till he was a little more than a pulp of bleeding flesh.
One of the then tied his cock and nuts with a piece of nylon till it cut into
his flesh and handed the other end of the cord to the first woman. They mounted
on the horses and started on their way up to the castle, pulling him with sharp
jerks using the nylon cord and chains. Sometimes a horsewoman would sidle up to
him and push him forward with the sharp heels of her boots - sometimes he fell
and felt that he would actually come apart.

It was nearly dawn when they reached the castle. He could now see his captors.
They were all women dressed in the manner of warrior women. He felt weak under
their powerful gazes. By now he could see other men - all wore collars and were
engaged in some activity of labour or the other. This place, he realized was
ruled by women. He was taken to an underground dungeon where the women proceeded
to chain him and hang him upside down. There were may other men in similar
positions - some were close to dying...Exhausted he dozed off.

It must have been about 10:00 in the morning when he was woken up again, this
time by another woman - she seemed angry that he should have fallen asleep. From
her clothing it appeared that she was not one of the warrior types  - more a
lady of the court. She steadied his hanging body by  placing her foot on his
chin very hard then tightened the nylon around his cock and nuts so hard that he
nearly passed out with pain. Having done that she undid his chains so that he
slumped on the floor.

She sat on a rough couch over him asked him to repeat his story - which he did.
She said that she had no use for him and would happily throw him off the cliff,
or better still trample him to death for sport. What did he have to say? S
stayed silent.

She leaned over and grabbing his hair forced his head to a side. Then placing
her exquisite foot on her neck  "I'm feeling merciful today", she said. "My
pussy slut was killed during one of our celebrations and you can replace him if
you are good at eating it If I am satisfied you shall stay on as my slave. If I
am not you shall be put to death. We shall play a game - you will be released
and we shall hunt you by night. Since to see a mistresses pussy is such a
privilege, your death will be painful if you do not meet the mark  - in fact
I'll personally skin you alive and then marinate you in sea water..hmm?" She
flicked his chin with the tip of her foot as though to ask him if he accepted...

S nodded his acceptance. By now he was secretly beginning to enjoy his
humiliation. As captain of a ship he had felt a sense of responsibility that had
often crushed him. It felt lighter to submit completely to someone and never
have to worry about making another painful decision. The lady (we shall simply
call her Mistress) yanked his head up till his face was close to her crotch. She
then placed her foot on his chest straightened her leg - and quickly slipped her
pantyhose down. S gripped the nylons just above her knee with his teeth and
proceeded to roll them down.

Mistress sat at the edge of the couch and parted her thighs a little. S knelt in
between...He bent down and started caressing her feet, kissing them and working
his way upwards. Kissing her calves, her knees and running his lips along the
inners of her thighs. With his tongue he played delicately with her thighs,
tracing patterns on them, just where they joined her pussy. As Mistress relaxed
she parted her thighs and opened herself up. S could see that she was beginning
to enjoy it as she started running her fingers on her breasts. The warm smell of
her pussy overpowered him...

He ran her fingers around her spot - never touching it but gently breathing on
to it. As mistress relaxed further she grabbed his head with her hands and
thrust her groin into his face. S started lapping her pussy from vaginal
entrance up to her clit, leaving his tongue soft and jaw relaxed. He then ran
his tongue between the inner and outer labia on one side, while holding the two
together with his lips. Then he did the same thing with the other side. By then
the Mistress was moaning softly.

S fucked her pussy with his tongue - in and out, around and around, rolling  his
tongue up , giving it a sharp jab sometimes,  sometimes  flattening his tongue
and sucking firmly. Next he spread her outer lips with his hand and with his 
tongue pointed and stiff, gently flicked here and there. He roamed to her the
inner part of her labia - both sides but kept coming back to her clit. Mistress
was moaning ...

S could sense her clip peeping out between the flesh and , teased it out with
his  tongue  and gave it a quick little suck - pulling it into his mouth briefly
and letting it go, gently sucking on it and simultaneously flicking his tongue
over and around it.. He could feel Mistress heaving with pleasure. He rolled his
tongue into a tube around the shaft of her clitoris, and slid it up and down; in
effect, his tongue made a tiny pussy for her clit to fuck. As he got in to the
rhythm Mistress bucked and shook as the orgasm after orgasm racked through her. 
All the while S remained on knees never letting go ...

When it was finally over Mistress leaned back and ordered S to tidy up. He
rolled her panty hose up again and waited at her feet for her verdict. When she
got up sat last S could see from the look in her eye that he had done well. He
nevertheless prostrated herself, face down at her feet and begged her to be
merciful.

She placed her foot on his head and made him repeat the Slaves oath. From now on
he was entirely her's.  She could use him for her pleasure, torture him, maim
him, kill him, sell him and he would have to accept. He was to  be  her
footstool and would have to lick the dog shit off her boots when she ordered. S
repeated after her delighting in the smell that wafted from her beautiful feet.
He was nothing but a footstool but he belonged at last....He was a slave but he
was free...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Raskolnikov


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





