BDSM Library - Life At 40




Life At 40
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A rich widow desires the kinky things in life.
Life At 40

by Brenda


Judy always heard that life really began at 40, but she seriously doubted it on
her 40th birthday.  She had an attractive face to complement her willowy figure,
lush firm breasts, tight ass, and long well-turned legs. She had no problem with
attracting men into her bed, but the types who were attracted to her were brutes
who dominated her for their own pleasure and expected her to lay back
submissively with her legs spread wide for their thrusting cocks.

Her pussy needed a submissive tongue - not a thrusting cock. After 15 years of
marriage to a man whose greatest pleasure was sucking her to orgasm, Judy missed
him more than she thought she ever would. Especially the lewd and unspeakable
toilet pleasures she trained him to give just a year before he tragically died.  
She had never loved Edward - the only person she truly loved was herself - but
she did love the hours of pleasure he had given her, and the total domination
she had exerted over him.  At least when he died, Edward left her very well off,
financially.

She had almost given up the thought of experiencing again what she had with
Edward - until she become friendly with a young 19-year old college student. 
Connie was a very pretty brunette whom she had hired to clean for her.  It had
been Connie who suggested she may find the pleasures she craved with another
woman, explaining that lesbianism was quite the vogue.

Judy dismissed the idea.  At first.  But the thought of another woman - or a
pretty girl like Connie - giving her the oral and other lewd pleasures Edward
had given her began to turn her on. Several weeks passed since Connie offered
her suggestion.  The girl had just finished cleaning for her and they sat in the
lounge chatting over coffee.

"I've been thinking seriously about what you suggested," Judy said.  "About
finding a woman to give me the kinky sex I used to have with Edward."

"I think you may have much better luck going that route," Connie said.

"Is that a recommendation from personal experience?" Judy asked.

"No, I've never had lesbian sex," Connie blushingly replied.  "But there's lots
of girls on campus who are into it."

Judy got the distinct feeling that the girl wanted to experience it though. With
her.  "I'm glad to hear that.  There must be a lot of them like you, living
roughly and struggling very hard to pay their way through college. I'd be
willing to take the right girl under my wing, or more like it, under my skirt. 
I'd pay her way through college and give her a very comfortable life with me.
I'd demand total devotion to me and my passions, of course. But that's only
fair.  Do you think any of the girls at college would be willing to take me up
on my offer?"

"I know several who would snap your offer up," Connie replied.

"I was hoping you would," Judy smiled.  "Would you be willing to introduce me to
such a girl?  Someone who's really into pussy and not just looking for a free
ticket through college?"

"I...I'd be very willing to take you up on your offer," Connie replied, blushing
deeply.

"But you told me that you've never given lesbian sex," Judy said. "You'd have to
convince me that you really want my pussy.  And my ass," Judy said, opening and
closing her legs suggestively.

"I...I've never given lesbian sex...but I...I want to," Connie stammered,
blushing deeper.  "I...I suck your dirty stockings and panty crotch and play
with myself before I hand wash them.  I...I want to give you lesbian sex, Judy."

"You suck my dirty stockings as well as my dirty panty crotch?" Judy said,
kicking her shoes off and wriggling her black stockinged toes.  "Edward got off
on licking my feet and sucking my cheesy toes.  Take your shorts and panties
off, Connie, and let me have your panties.  Your panties will tell me how
sincere you are."

Connie stood before the woman, and blushing crimson, wriggled out of her shorts
and then her panties.  She stood naked except for her tank top and sneakers,
watching as Judy pressed the crotch of her panties against her nose.

"Your panties are soaking wet," Judy said, inhaling the scent of the girl's
aroused pussy.  "You are quite sincere.  Make love to my feet, Connie."

Connie l knelt  before Judy and caressed her foot as Judy raised one leg,
rubbing her stockinged toes in Connie's nose. Judy's sweaty feet scent filled
her nose and Connie whimpered as she kissed then licked Judy's toes, the woman's
salty, cheesy feet taste thrilling her.

Connie looked up at her and Judy's rummy quivered with hot arousal as she stared
into the girl's submissive eyes.  Even Edward had not looked at her with such
submissive passion.  She still held Connie's wet panty crotch pressed against
her nose, the scent of the girl's sexual passion for her stirring her lust.

As Connie passionately sucked on her toes Judy thought about the last man she
had been with and who had taught her so much about submission.  Sam was the
caretaker of the apartment building she lived in.  She had never desired sex
with a black man and the ugly nigger's open flirtations with her had often
infuriated her. She threatened several times about getting him fired, but had
never carried out her threats, even when his flirtations became bolder and
obscene.

It got to the point where something had to be done about Sam, and she decided to
take matters into her own hands.  She went to a sex shop and bought a very
revealing black nylon body suit which did very little to hide her tits, ass and
pussy when she tried it on at home and stared at herself in the mirror.  But
that was the effect she was after.  She picked up the phone and called Sam,
asking him to come up and fix a leaky tap.

Her intention had been to flaunt herself in the body suit while telling him how
disgusted she was with his filthy flirtations and how she wouldn't go to bed
with him if he was the last man alive on earth.  But things did not gone as she
planned.  After giving him a good eyeful he caressed his stiffened cock through
his pants and then unzipped himself, revealing his immense erected cock and told
her he was going to give her what he knew she was so hot for.

His action incensed her and she slapped him hard across the face. He slapped her
back, making her reel.  Picking her up, he carried her to the bedroom and dumped
her sprawling onto the bed.  He stripped naked and advanced on her.  She
threatened to report him for rape and he smiled and responded by pulling his
belt from his pants and whipping her without mercy, making her writhe with
agony.  Only when she promised to satisfy his every desire did he drop the belt.

Sam ripped the flimsy body suit from her and stretched out on the bed beside
her, telling her to go down on him.  She had never sucked cock, but she obeyed,
partly because of fear that he would use the belt again - but also because he
had beaten her into true submission and she wanted - needed - to appease his
every desire.

As Connie passionately tongued the sole of her foot Judy recalled how she had
crawled down to the nigger's crotch and licked the shaft of his enormous cock. 
As if to prove her submission to him and to herself, she asked if she could lick
his ass.  Sam rolled over and knelt up and she knelt behind him, and parting his
ass cheeks, licked his asshole.  He had very recently taken a shit and his
personal hygiene wasn't too good when he wiped himself. She could taste his
shit, but rather than being disgusted, she laved his anus, the taste of his shit
filling her mouth and making her even more submissive.

When he finally turned onto his back again she went down on him with hot and
submissive passion, sucking him till his cock jumped again and again between her
lips, filling her mouth with his creamy come.  He remained hard and stiff and
she rolled onto her back and parted her legs wide to him as he mounted her and
thrust into her gaping pussy.  She whimpered and cried with wild lust as he
brutally fucked her, jarring her with his deep thrusts.  She soaked the bed with
three orgasms when he finally shot off deep inside her.

They lay panting and locked in sexual union, his cock still fully erect and
throbbing deep inside her pussy.  When he tried to kiss her, she twisted her
face away.  She had never liked kissing and had allowed Edward only the most
chaste of kisses on her lips.  She whimpered as Sam grabbed her hair tightly and
forced his kisses on her.  He raped her mouth with his tongue and she responded
hotly, hunching up against him and burying one finger deep in his asshole and
frigging it in an effort to make him hump her again.

But her action had given the nigger other ideas and he asked if she had ever
been ass fucked.  The thought of his enormous cock in her virgin ass frightened
her, yet her passion for total submission to him was so strong that she got on
her hands and knees on the bed and allowed him to smear her asshole with face
cream.  She held her ass cheeks open for him as he knelt behind her and pressed
the tip of his cock against her anus.  She whimpered and cried with pain as he
slowly pushed inside her, his cock feeling like a red hot poker.

Unable to bear the agony any longer, she had tried to wriggle away from him. 
But he held her hips firmly in anticipation of such an attempt, and with a
brutal thrust, pushed completely inside her.  She cried and begged him to take
his cock out of her asshole but it only served to incite his lust.  Just when
she thought she could no longer bear the agony of his deep thrusts inside her
bottom, the pain suddenly turned to wild pleasure and she began to push her ass
back against him, begging him to ass fuck her even harder.

Having conquered her, the nigger seemed to loose interest in Judy, much to her
relief.  She did not relish the thought of submitting so completely to the
nigger again, but knew she would open her door to him whenever he chose to have
her. Several days later she saw him flirting with a very pretty young blonde
girl of Connie's age.  The girl was the daughter of a rich banker and went to
the same college as Connie.  Several days after that, she saw the girl and Sam
together again.  The look of total submission was unmistakable in the girl's
eyes when she looked at the nigger, and Judy smiled knowingly at Sam, who
grinned back at her.

"If you accept my offer, you become mine, body and soul," Judy said, licking the
large wet stain in Connie's nylon panty crotch. "Sometimes I'll whip you for the
pleasure of it. With a belt. And I'll whip you hard and without mercy."

"I think I could cum if you whipped me really hard," Judy said without
hesitation. "The more you whip me, the more I will love you."

"I'll also expect you to give me sex while I'm on the toilet. You'll have to
lick my asshole and cunt while I'm shitting and pissing." Judy pulled her skirt
up and spread her thighs wide. She  wasn't wearing panties and the girl stared
at her dark thick bush and gaping cunt.

"I'll eat your shit and drink your pee and cum while doing it," Connie said,
kneeling up between the woman's legs.

I'll whip you till you can't walk if I ever catch you fooling around with a man
or one of those pretty young bitch's on campus."

"It's only you that I want," Connie said, staring up into Judy's eyes. "I...I
want to be your...your slave...Your lesbian slave."

"How strong is your desire to be my lesbian slave, Connie?"

"I...I want it more than anything..."

"I'm an extremely randy woman, Connie, and expect to have a very active sex life
well into my 70's.  You become my slave, and it will be for a very long time."

"That's what I want," Connie said without hesitation.

"As my slave you will have no time to attend college.  Are you willing to give
that up, Connie?"

"Yes," the girl replied again quickly.

"Don't you want some time to think about it first?  I'll give you all the time
you need."

"I don't need any time to think about it.  I want to become your slave now."

"So be it, my darling," Judy said.  "As of this moment you are mine, and there's
no turning back."

"No, no turning back.  I...I'm yours, Judy..." Connie said as she pressed her
face to Judy's wet and sticky cunt.....




PS: DON'T ask me for a sequel to this story. I NEVER write sequels to ANY of my
stories.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brenda


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





