BDSM Library - One Hot Day




One Hot Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about a master and his slut... enjoying a nice summer day.
One Hot Day

I leaned over to take a long cool sip of water... it
was a hot day and we'd been strolling for about an
hour.

You liked what you say and playfully slapped my ass
and said "Let's go home." from the glint in your eyes,
I could tell, it was going to be a hotter afternoon.

***

We walked into the cool air conditioning of your
condo, and you grabbed me from behind and said "Strip
bitch." This was a game we usually played, so I took
it all off, except when I reached for my high-heeled
sandals, you told me to leave those on, "you'll need
them."

You take my hand, lead me to the glass dining room
table and ask me to lean over and rest my cheek on my
hands.  I oblige without a word, my ass in the air,
and my pussy exposed for your view.  

You tell me how delicious I look, and how you want to
taste me while nuzzling my neck and teasing my clit
with your index finger.  You bring your finger to your
mouth and suckle on in for a moment and then return it
back to your sweet torture.  Little do I know, this is
just the beginning.

You slowly kiss me down my spine, parting my ass
cheeks and kissing me all the way down to my clit. 
You start eating me.  I begin to moan and writhe with
pleasure.  

"Ohh, that feels good Master."

You continue, without a word, eating me just the way
you know I like it.  

"Master, I think I'm going to cum."

You suck my clit harder.  I'm weak in the knees.  I
feel like my legs are going to give way, but you
persist.

"Master, I think I'm going to fall."

"Do you now?"

"Yes Sir"

"Fine then."  You hoist me over your shoulder and
carry me to the bedroom and throw me onto the bed. 
"Arms and legs spread eagled.  Now!"  

I can tell you're growing impatient, so I quickly put
my hands and legs in place, and you secure them.  

You then leave the room, abruptly, without a word.

I lay there dumbfounded expecting that you are angry. 


A minute later you return, with a cherry popsicle. 
"It's a hot day, I think we both need to cool down." 
With that, you pump the popsicle into my cunt.  The
cold is a shock to my system, but the restraints hold
me in place.  

You begin kissing me, stroking my abdomen and pinching
my nipples.  I writhe some more and thrust my hips
upwards.

"Patience my dear" you say, as you continue pinching
my nipples.  You then reach down and pull the wooden
popsicle stick out of my cunt.  

"Perfect, now your ready to be eaten."  And you start
sucking the popsicle out of my cunt.  You come up once
to give me a taste.  I taste the cherry flavour mixed
with my cunt juice.

"Mmmm, thank you Master"

"Your welcome slut" you say as you suck the last of
the popsicle out of my cunt.  You continue sucking me
until I cum.  

***

I awake a few hours later to find my self unbound and
lying naked in your bed, covered in only a white
tranlucent sheet.  

You've left me a note with instructions.  I sit up to
read it and feel some pressure in my rectum.  You must
have gently inserted the trainer plug into my ass
while I was sleeping.  I touch it, and start playing
with it a bit while I read your letter:  

Slut,  You may not leave this bed.  You may not watch
TV.  I am leaving you with a dildo to entertain
yourself with. If you must leave the bed to pee, you
must masturbate yourself first.  Be good, else you'll
be put over my knee. Master.
  
I lay there and smile for a moment, and play with
myself a bit.  The dildo you left me slightly smaller
than your penis, but a grotesque purple latex.  

I rub my pussy with it, just slightly, and then
realize that I really need to pee.  I lay down, rub my
clit harder with my hand, and leave the dildo.

I continue to rub myself, til I cum.  And I cum hard. 


After my heart stops racing I go into the bathroom
naked, careful not to dislodge my butt plug.  I finish
my business and return to bed.  I see the purple
phallus just lying there, and suddenly feel very
aroused.  I masturbate myself with it again, however I
fall asleep with it inside me.  

***

You return a few hours and find me in bed, lying on my
side.  You look for the dildo, but you can't find it
anywhere.  

I'm sleeping deeply, but switch positions and lie on
my back.  I'm completely unaware that you are there.  

Your search for the dildo ends as you see it half
protruding from my cunt lips as I lie there on my
back.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sweet_one


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





