BDSM Library - Cruise Ship Stowaway




Cruise Ship Stowaway
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Molly decides to hitch hike to the France for her holiday. Unfortunately for her, the ship she chooses to stowaway on is not the ferry but a cruise ship hired by BDSM enthusiasts.
Cruise Ship Stowaway

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF FF NC

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.





This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2002




Cruise Ship Stowaway

by obohobo

Chapter 1. Molly

"Hi ya!" Molly Sugden's smile beamed at the young fisherman heaving boxes from
his boat on to the quayside. "Can you tell me where I get the boat to France
please?"

Her infectious smile was returned by the youth as he gazed along her bare legs
to the bottom of her short shorts. From his low position he could see a little
beyond the ragged edge of the hem to the whiteness of her untanned thighs.
Looking higher, he took in the bare midriff and belly button and glimpsed a
little of the underside of her white bra just showing beneath the knotted tank
top.

"You'll be wanting the Black Prince, Miss. She's berthed about half a mile or so
further on. You've plenty of time. She's not due to sail for another two hours."
He hesitated a moment, "Course if you wanted, we could take you but you'd have
to work your passage."

"Yeah, sure. I guess I'd be working on my back! And it would be a long trip.
Sorry fella, I'm not very good on small boats even with a good crew!" Molly
laughed back at him

"Or a good screw," he smiled back, giving her a wave.

Molly was happy. Life was good. Exams were over and she wouldn't have to worry
about schoolwork again until September, not even then if she found herself a job
during the holidays. She was off on an adventure. For sixteen years she'd been
governed by her parents who tried to control what she did and who she did it
with. They were good to her but tried to guide her life in the way normal
parents do. Today she was free. Her own boss. The decisions she made, right or
wrong, were her own.

It was a school trip to France that formed the germ of the idea and for two
months now she had planned it as far as any planning could, considering she was
just going to take each day or opportunity as it came along. It was a Wednesday
and on Wednesdays her parents always spent the morning at the local market and
shopping in town. They invited her to go with them but Molly declined. Her
adventure was about to start. Once she had seen them board the bus to town, she
left a note, tossed the small rucsac over her shoulder and started walking
towards the slip road to the M1 and off to she knew not where. It was mid-June,
it was warm and sunny and she felt alive and free. There were risks she knew for
a young and not unattractive girl in hitch-hiking but she felt the risk was
small and added spice to the adventure. If she had to give her body to pay part
of the costs, it was no problem. Despite her parents watchful eyes, she lost her
virginity two years ago on a school field trip when the teachers were not as
observant as they should have been. Since then she had got herself on the pill
and had sex with a number of other boys but nothing serious.

Good fortune favoured her. Within minutes a lorry driver stopped and drove her
several hundred miles to Padmouth Industrial Estate where it was only a mile or
so to walk to the harbour. Although obviously attracted to his passenger, the
driver, a fatherly man in his forties, made no move to molest her and indeed
bought both their meals at a truck stop. "Have a safe journey," he waved when
she left.

Sauntering along the dockside in the warm sunshine Molly came to vessel where
everything was a hive of activity. People were boarding, cranes lifted goods in
netted slings from dockside on to the boat watched by uniformed and barechested
men alike. On the bow in large letters Molly read the words "Svart Prinzen"
which, even with her limited knowledge of continental languages, she translated
as "The Black Prince".

"It's a nice looking boat," Molly said to herself, "Much nicer than the ferry I
went to France on before."

*****

"Those dammed British food wholesalers," swore Sven Bjornsen, chief chef on the
"Svart Prinzen" in his native Swedish language, "The food ought to have arrived
yesterday. It's just come and we have to get it stored away and a meal prepared
ready for tonight and we are due to sail in an hour." He cursed a swore at the
cooks under him and chivvied them into action. "Why are they so late coming?" he
demanded of the purser.

"Seems the hauliers tried to put it all in one load on the lorry. Police stopped
them and had the lorry weighed. It was seven tonnes overweight so they impounded
the lorry until some of the load could be transferred to a second vehicle.
Inspectors went over the lorry with a fine tooth comb and found faults with the
steering and brakes that had to be fixed before they would allow it to continue
its journey."

"So we are inconvenienced and have to work like slaves because of their
incompetence!" Sven raged on.

"The lorry driver is not too pleased either. The police are throwing the book at
him. Anyway it's here now and they are getting it aboard as quick as they can."
The purser tried to pacify the irate chef. "And you know it will be a fun trip
once we get into international waters.

"Fun for some," muttered Sven, remembering how he would have to cook many meals
for passengers who treated some of the staff like dirt. Rarely, it seemed him,
did he get his cock into a new piece of cunt. It was easier for the girls. They
only had to flirt a little and they got invited to the better cabins and even
got to view some of the happenings.

Outside, the unloading of the lorry was nearly finished. Only a few items were
left and the loader decided he could just about pack them on top of the already
full sling net. Molly watched along with a number of other passers-by as the
crane lifted the net.

A cyclist came along, swerved around the lorry just as the net begun to swing in
towards the boat. Had it been a slap-stick comedy film, he couldn't have timed
it better. Just as he passed to one side of the net, so a 25 kg. bag of flour
toppled from the sling and caught the side of his body, knocking him from his
bike. The bag burst, flour covered the cyclist, his bike and a large area of the
dockside. All work ceased and people rushed to see what injuries had been
caused. An ambulance was called and the police arrived.

Molly, like the others, watched for a few moments and then turned her attention
to the ship's gangway. All the security staff were around the cyclist. All the
waiting passengers had moved to watch the scene. No one was around. Molly
decided she could save a little of her money if she slipped aboard and hid until
the ship arrived in France and then slip off in the general melee that occurred
when everyone tried to disembark at once.

It was surprisingly easy. All attention was on the scene of the accident and the
paramedics trying to assess the injuries to the flour covered man while they
themselves were getting more and more flour over them. Their efforts were
accompanied by applause and laughter from the onlookers. Molly slipped unnoticed
up the gangway, walked around to the other side of the boat and hid under a
tarpaulin covering a piece of equipment stowed under a lifeboat.

Quivering with the excitement of her daring, Molly sat still for what seemed
ages but it was only a little over an hour before the activity around her
increased. "All shore crew and others not booked on this cruise, please return
to the shore now," came over the Tannoy system. Molly was a little puzzled by
the term 'cruise' but wasn't too concerned. Perhaps they call at France to pick
up more passengers, she thought. Ten minutes later there was a last call for
shore staff and shortly after the reverberating sounds of engines being run,
orders given and a general rush around on the deck outside her temporary 'home'.

She could feel the boat moving but dare not look out. "May I remind passengers
to act with decorum until we are in international waters and away from other
shipping. This will be in about one hour." The Tannoy blared out again. By now
Molly was more than puzzled. She was very concerned. "International waters? To
France?" Something wasn't right. Still she remained hidden.

Again the loud speaker system came to life. "Ladies and Gentlemen. Masters,
Mistresses and Slaves, this is Master Frederick, your tour organiser speaking.
Welcome to the cruise ship 'Svart Prinzen' leaving on her fifth BDSM cruise. We
have just dropped the pilot and will be in international waters in about fifteen
minutes. However, there are still other ships in the area so please confine any
nudity to below decks for the time being. Dinner will be at 7 p.m. Masters and
Mistresses should dress appropriately and may bring their slaves who may be in a
dress conforming to their status. Please remember, the crew are not to be
interfered with and should be treated with respect. Most have been on previous
cruises and know what to expect. Some will undoubtedly volunteer their services
but no force or coercion should be used. They have also been advised to keep
away from the area where the more extreme punishments are carried out. You will
find more information on this in the brochure in your cabins. Masters and
Mistresses, have and enjoyable trip, slaves remember your lowly status here or
be prepared for some very sore flesh."

"Chief! Take a look at this." Security guard Tom Winston called his superior
over. "I was looking again at the quayside incident and noticed this girl
appears at the start of the tape. She looks around a bit suspiciously and then
disappears. I wound back the tapes from cameras 1, 3 and 5 and as you can see
the girl has sneaked aboard. Camera 5 shows her going under the tarp."

"And she's still there?" questioned the Chief.

"The camera hasn't shown her coming out but then we turned off the surveillance
system once we were under way."

"We were told to watch for a snooper coming on board. I'd better show these to
the Capt'n."

"Capt'n Sorenson." He answered the phone while still on the bridge.

"Capt'n Sir, Security here. Can you go to your office and take a look at the
tape I will put through. Looks as if we have a stowaway on board. Maybe a
snooper from the press or police."

Thirty minutes later once more Molly heard the crackling of the speaker system.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, this is the captain speaking. We appear to have a
stowaway on board. Will the young lady hiding under the tarpaulin beneath the
No. 5 lifeboat on the port side, please come out. Deckhands Johnson and Meadows,
please bring her to my office."




Chapter 2. Two schoolgirls punished

Detective Inspector Karen Smethers enjoyed work especially now she was assigned
to undercover work with the vice squad. Working on the corruption behind the S&M
and BDSM scenes suited her very well indeed.

Even from childhood she had been a big girl, larger than all her class mates
including the boys. Now she was a striking figure standing 5ft 11" in her
stocking feet and with a large frame and powerful physique to match. At school,
her authoritative ways made her an obvious choice for a prefect and then head
girl and it was during her term as head girl she had her first spanking
experience.

Wisps of grey smoke drifted gently above one of the toilet stalls. Being tall
Karen only had to stand on tip toe to peer over and catch the two girls smoking.
As this was considered a grave offense, Karen was about to haul them to the
headmistress when one of the girls pleaded for Karen to punish her. "Please
Karen, don't send us to Miss Pritchard. She said last time she would stop us
going on the school skiing trip if we got into trouble again."

"My mother will kill me if I get banned as she had enough trouble saving the
money for me to go," said the other.

"Well what do you expect me to do?" enquired Karen, "It's Miss Pritchard's job
to deal out the punishments and you both have received the strap already."

"Couldn't you .......?" tentatively asked Angela, the ringleader of the two.

"What and risk my position as head girl? For two little snots like you who are
always getting themselves in trouble? You must be joking." Never-the-less
something stirred inside Karen like it had when she had previously taken Angela
to the head and had subsequently witnessed her receiving four strokes of the
tawse on her knicker covered bottom. For some time afterwards she fantasized
while masturbating that she was applying the tawse and the bottom was bare.

Angela quickly noticed Karen's slight hesitation and repeated "Couldn't you
.......? We wouldn't tell, would we Jane?" Jane nodded in agreement but wasn't
as sure as Angela. She knew Karen was a powerful girl and remembered what she
was like on the sports field.

"I don't know why I should do this just to save you but I know it would hurt
your mum, Jane, if after all she had done, you didn't go skiing. But because of
the risk I am taking you will have to agree to come to my flat after school and
take your punishment there. And I can tell you now, your bums will be very sore
afterwards. And if there is any come-back from you afterwards, then be sure I
will exact a revenge you won't like."

Karen had a 'granny flat' in the basement of her parents house. It was a self
contained unit with its own entrance from the outside and internally connected
to the main house but isolated from the main rooms by a stairway, the garage and
a utility room. When grandma had died Karen took over the flat. She still ate
with her parents but when she wanted she could lock the door and live her own
life. It gave her a great feeling of independence and could invite friends
around without disturbing her parents.

Angela and Jane arrived as agreed. They all knew she had missed her chance to
take them to Miss Pritchard. "We don't really have to go," Angela said to Jane.

"You know how she'll make our life hell though," Jane answered as they debated
whether or not to go. It was only the realisation that Karen would find a way to
punish them worse if they didn't go that they decided to take her punishment.
The big, dominant girl would surely find a way to make it worse for him.

In the hours after catching the girls, Karen had thought about how to punish
them, if they came. It would have been easy had their been only one but with
two, the second would have to witness the first and could try and interfere
unless she was prevented from doing so.

"Come in girls," Karen greeted them, "Take off your coats and skirts." When they
hesitated she bluntly told them to get a move on otherwise it would be worse for
them. Having got them to remove the required clothing she led them to the large
antique dining table inherited from her grandmother. "One of you stand at each
end," she ordered and when they complied, had them bend over and grip each
other's wrists. Quickly she tied them with school scarves. Angela tried to
protest but was quickly silenced by a sharp, "I'll gag you as well if you keep
that up! I'm not going to have the pair of you trying to run away once you start
to feel the pain."

Further protests came when Karen sharply pulled down Angela's knickers and then
tied her ankles to the table legs. Repeating the operation with Jane, both girls
knew they were totally helpless. Angela kept voicing her protests at the
indecency until silenced by a headscarf gag.

"I'll hand warm your bum first Angie, then Jane and then I'll do the real
punishment smacks on each of you with my belt." Without further ado, Karen
started smacking Angela's bare arse. She laid on twenty hard ones before giving
Jane's the same treatment. Jane cried out but was able to control herself so the
noise wasn't loud enough for her to need gagging. Both girls now had rosy red
rears.

"Miss Pritchard would have used a tawse but I will have to make do with a belt,"
Karen informed them. She produced a wide leather belt which formed part of her
cowgirl outfit for country and western evenings. "I'll give you each four
stripes in turn until you've had a dozen."

"No, please Karen, we can't take that many. Our bums are sore enough now. Miss
Pritchard wouldn't......" Another scarf silenced Jane's pleading.

"A dozen strokes I would have thought was a small price to pay to avoid a two
week long expulsion, missing your exams and losing out on the school trip. I any
case whether or not it is a small price, that is what you are getting and you
can do nothing about it."

Jane screamed into her gag when the belt struck and curled its way over her bum
cheeks with a resounding 'TWACK!!' By the fourth her tears were pooling on the
table top and her arse showed bright red stripes across both cheeks. Karen felt
herself on a sexual high and becoming very wet between her legs.

Angela's slightly wider arse perhaps took the punishment a little better but
before four strokes were completed, the table under her face was wet with tears.
Both girls thought they could not possibly withstand a further eight blows with
the belt but were powerless to prevent them or even to plead for mercy.

Karen felt Jane's fiery bottom before laying on the next four. Jane bucked and
twisted as far as her bonds allowed but there was no reprieve. The wicked belt
came inexorably down leaving its wide trail of pain. Soon both girls had their
eighth stroke and were now sobbing uncontrollably. Karen might have let them off
the final four had not she been nearing a climax. As it was she quickly returned
to Jane and vigorously laid the belt across her blistered flesh. Walking round
to Angela she could feel wetness flowing down her thighs and after the second
stroke she came with a massive orgasm. The final two strokes to Angela's arse
were almost a formality.

Immediately Karen began to regret what she had done but didn't yet wish to
release the two girls. Instead she went to the bathroom, wiped herself and
brought out two flannels soaked in cold water. These she placed over the
blistered rears. Twice she replaced them and after a quarter of an hour
carefully applied some salve. Again she left it for some minutes before
ungagging and releasing her victims. Having been warned against verbal abuse,
both girls were very subdued. Karen told them they could stay as long as they
wanted to recover and indeed it was nearly an hour before they could walk
reasonably well.

That night Karen tried to examine her feelings and why she had climaxed so
heavily whilst administering pain. She considered herself some kind of pervert
and tried to avoid situations where she might repeat the events and it wasn't
until she was at university she once again explored her perchance for inflicting
pain.




Chapter 3. Karen at university

She was paired in her dorm with another girl who was totally opposite in
character. Karen athletic, studious and didn't care too much for late nights.
Sandra, very carefree, liked late night parties, drank heavily and spent a lot
of time at clubs. She had a succession of boyfriends and made no secret of the
fact she had sex with many of them. One night late in the first term, Karen
agreed to keep out of the way while Sandra had a few friends in the dorm for a
party. "It's okay this once, as long as you finish by eleven," she told her
roommate.

"We'll hardly be started by then," Sandra exclaimed.

"I'll be back at eleven," stated Karen, "And I shall want to get to bed and get
some sleep ready for an early start for the tomorrow's athletics meeting."
Returning at eleven, Karen could hear the loud music an knew the party was still
in full swing. She waited till eleven-thirty and decided she had waited long
enough. Stepping into the dorm she announced the party was over.

One of the boys, his hand caressing Sandra's breasts, yelled at her "Get out
bitch, the party's only just beginning." Angrily Karen walked over, picked him
up like a baby and carried him to the hall where she promptly tossed him to the
floor. When he tried to stand she promptly flipped him on his back threw him
down again. Returning she did the same to a second boy. He struggled but was no
match for the much larger girl. The third boy and two other girls said okay,
they got the message and left.

Sandra was furious but couldn't do anything about it. She couldn't complain as
they weren't supposed to have boys in their dorm rooms and when she voiced her
objections, Karen promptly threw her face down on the bed and swatted her arse a
few times. A few days later Sandra arranged to change dorm places with a rather
timid girl, Yvonne although she was unkindly known to everyone as 'Freckles' or,
more often, just as 'Freck'. The two, although opposites in physique quickly
became friends.

Seeing this and to get her revenge, Sandra arranged for two of her boy friends
to waylay Freck and between them stripped and beat her arse and front of her
thighs cruelly with a wire coat hanger. Had the boys had their way, they would
have raped her too but Sandra insisted their cocks were for her cunt. She did
make Freckles watch while the boys fucked her and then forced the hapless girl
to suck her clean when the boys had finished.

Karen was furious as she bathed the poor girl's wounds and vowed revenge.
Immediately she went to Sandra's room. Helen, her roommate unsuspectingly opened
the door and let her in saying, "Sandra's in the shower, I'll tell her you're
here."

"Sorry, Helen, you're not going to tell her anything. Nor are you going anywhere
until I have dealt with the bitch." Grabbing a pair of tights that were drying
close to the radiator, Karen quickly tied the girl's hands behind her back, then
found a handkerchief and tie to gag her. "Sorry Helen," Karen repeated, "I've
nothing against you, but I can't have you running off and shouting for help
until I have given Sandra what she deserves for whipping Freck."

Minutes later, Sandra bounced through the door clad only in a thin gown. Her
inward progress stopped abruptly when she saw Helen tied and gagged on the bed.
By this time Karen has slipped between her and the door and locked it.

"What do you want bitch!" shouted Sandra.

"I think you know that," Karen replied quietly, "And before you start shouting
further you had better think what the alternatives are. Either you accept my
punishment which will be similar to what Freck received except I will use my
wide belt so the marks won't show as much, nor should it cause any bleeding like
the coat hanger did. You will be very tender for a few days and I doubt you will
want you boyfriends touching you. Alternatively I will take Freck to the
hospital where they will have to investigate non accidental injuries and that
could lead to expulsion for you and the two boys. The choice is yours Sandra."

"I didn't whip her. The boys did! You should...."

"The choice is yours Sandra. I know who the real guilty one is. You have five
minutes to decide. Your future or a sore arse and thighs."

"Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!" Sandra sat down for some minutes trying to decide but in
her heart she knew there really was no choice. Her future was at stake and the
futures of the two boys. "Okay, let's get it over with."

Shortly after she was lying face down on her bed, wrists tied behind her back
and a gag in her mouth. "Helen, watch or look the other way if you don't want to
see your friend punished. I don't mind as long as you don't try and interfere.
She is going to hurt by the time I've done with her but she won't have the cuts
that Freck has. I know you weren't here when they did it so won't know what a
mess she's in." Helen opted to watch.

THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! The wide belt resounded as
it struck the naked flesh of Sandra's arse. The cheeks bounced and bobbed as
each stroke tortured them until the whole area was covered with welts. Helen sat
horrified and yet fascinated. She wanted to stop the punishment and yet she
didn't want to.

Karen turned Sandra front up and started to lay the belt across her thighs.
THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! THWACK!! Soon they too were raw and sore and
after a dozen good whacks Karen ceased and put the belt back on. She could feel
her own knickers wet between her thighs and thought it was a good job her jeans
were thick so any stain would not notice.

Karen removed Helen's gag. "You didn't have to hit her so hard. Surely...." the
girl started to protest but Karen pressed her finger against her lips.

"I will show you two reasons why I did it." She led Helen to the sobbing girl
and releasing her wrist bindings placed one of her hands between Sandra's
thighs. They were very wet. "Put your shoes on and I will show you the second
reason."

Helen was horrified at the sight of Freck's welts. Every fine line looked very
angry and inflamed and at the end of many, the skin had broken. Despite Karen
having cleaned them, some still oozed blood. "Now do you think she deserved what
I gave her?" Tears in her eyes, Helen just nodded.

They went back and released the still crying Sandra, Karen warning her again
about the need to keep quiet about the incident but the girl was much more
subdued now. "Look after her Helen," Karen said, "Put some cream or something on
in about half an hour when some of the pain may have eased enough for you to
touch her. She might even cum again."

"You should know something," Sandra spoke hesitatingly, "I'm not the only one
who came when being whipped, that Freckles bitch did too."

That night Karen took Freck into her bed ostensibly to comfort her and as the
lay naked and close, Freck admitted she had climaxed not once but twice during
her punishment. It had been the same on the fairly rare occasions her father
spanked her even though he had done it over her knickers and with her mother
overseeing it.

After that night they often slept together and a lesbian dominant sub love
relationship developed that lasted till they both graduated from university.

During her training as a police cadet and then as a policewoman she came into
contact with BDSM clubs and visited several. On her second visit she picked up a
male sub and for a while they became lovers but it was always a mistress / slave
relationship which ended when she obtained a post in CID in London, well away
from her home. Apparently her bosses had learned of her proclivities and thought
they could use it to their advantage to infiltrate a private club in Soho.
Fortunately she had used the alias Brenda Gee when she'd joined the club in
Birmingham and the police were able to substantiate that alias with credit cards
and other necessary paperwork.




Chapter 4. Paul

P.C. Paul Ewin expressed surprise when ordered to present himself for an
interview with the assistant chief constable for the Liverpool area. Lowly young
policemen just out of training college didn't get to see the A.C.C. except from
a distance at formal functions. He was more surprised the order came directly
from his station commander who instructed him to go on his day off in civilian
clothes and not to mention anything to his mates in the force. His puzzlement
was compounded when told his interview would be at noon in the Black Bull, a
small country pub on the Wirral.

Paul ordered a shandy and sat in a secluded corner of the bar to await the
arrival of his superior officer. Ten minutes later and punctually on noon, he
arrived dressed in a rather worn suit and looking like a rep who had been on the
road for a day or two. "Morning Paul, I'm Peter Haines, Have you ordered lunch?
No? Good, It's my shout."

Paul knew Peter Haines wasn't the A.C.C.'s real name but quickly decided there
was a good reason for the subterfuge and played along with it.

"Morning Peter," he replied.

Over lunch, Paul was astounded to find out how much the A.C.C. knew of his early
life and of his sexual proclivities. "Paul," the A.C.C. said, "I know you have
kept all this a secret and it was only one slip in your college application when
you gave as one of the reasons for applying was to get away from your dominant
sisters. That gave us a clue and your reluctance to take charge of others at
college and in your present station made us look more closely at your past." He
saw Paul looking very worried and realised the young constable thought his job
was at risk. "Normally we wouldn't have even thought about it but I had a
request from a friend in the Met for subservient male for undercover work in
Soho. I don't have full details but as far as I can tell, you would be what is
known as a 'sub' to a very dominant female officer. I have no intention of
fooling you, Paul, for 'sub' you might well say 'slave' and you would be
required to attend various underground clubs with her. The information I have is
sketchy but I do know it could be risky so you will not be under any compulsion
to take the job or even go to the interview. Other forces have been asked to
nominate recruits so you might not get the job even if you want it."

"But I suppose my future here in Liverpool will be dead if I don't," commented
Paul.

"No. I will see these files are kept away from your immediate superior officers.
Very few at headquarters know of them. That was one reason for this rendezvous.
Think about it and let me know by Monday." He gave Paul his private number.

Paul thought about it over dessert and coffee. His mind kept wandering from the
idle conversation his boss was making as they ate and just before they rose to
depart Paul asked to be put forward for interview.

After that things happened very quickly. On Friday he was told to make
arrangement to go to London for an interview that might last up to a week. He
was to tell his colleagues it was an interview for a civilian IT job with a
London surveillance firm which should pay a lot more than he earned here. They
gave him a lot of ribbing about what he would be surveying and not being able to
stand up to the tough life of a copper in Liverpool but most wished him well at
the interview.

*****

"For the moment Paul, I will be known only as Don, the lady on my right is Bren
and this is Les. Sorry we cannot tell you much more about the investigation work
you will be doing apart from what you already know until if and when you are
appointed. All we can say is that the investigation is very important and we
think you may have traits that make you a suitable applicant. We need to find
out more about these traits. Please don't be embarrassed by our questions. All
three of us have been in the vice squad for a long while and as the saying is,
'we've been there, done that, seen it all'."

Paul looked at the three sitting in comfortable chairs opposite him while he sat
upright on a dining room chair. The two casually dressed men and the tall well
built woman had had an authoritative manner, particularly, Paul thought, the
woman although she had yet to speak.

He driven down the previous day and stayed at a small hotel in High Wycombe and
had come to the detached, rather isolated house in the Hughenden Valley, a
strange place he thought for an interview but this whole thing had been very
unusual.

"First we will review your past experiences," Don continued. "You have four
older sisters and the youngest of these is six years older than you? Paul
nodded. "And you had a different father to them? Again Paul nodded thinking, if
they know all that why are they asking? "You were an 'accident' because your
mother had been divorced for three years," Don went on, "How did you get on with
your step sisters?"

"Okay I guess."

"They had to baby-sit and look after you while your mother worked in the pub?"

"Yes."

"They resented having to do this and bossed you around?"

"Yes."

"They punished you for every conceivable offense?"

"Yes."

"How exactly?"

"When I was young it was just smacking, usually on my bare bottom. As I grew up
so they changed to using a ping-pong bat or strap or cane."

"Didn't your mother say anything about this? She must have known."

"She punished me as well. I wasn't the sort of boy she wanted. I didn't play
football, I was shy and timid and no match for the girls. I just wanted to be
quiet and read books or play with a computer."

"When did this turn into a sexual thing?" Bren asked. Paul hesitated. "Go on,"
she said, "It is very important. This operation involves sex in its kinkiest
forms so we need to know how you stand with it. We haven't brought you here to
reiterate what's in the files and what we already know."

"It was when I was about eleven, Susan my oldest sister, had come home early
from a date. Her boy friend had chucked her. She told me to get her a drink and
when I wasn't quick enough she had two of my other sisters hold me over the back
of the armchair while she stripped my trousers and pants of and gave me a hard
strapping. I remember crying my eyes out but when I stood I had an erection
which didn't go unnoticed by the girls. They tied me face up over a table and
played with it and teased me until I came. From then on almost always my
punishments were accompanied by sexual torment. Gradually I came to like what
they did."

"Did your mother not find out?" Les asked.

"I think she chose to ignore it most of the time. One time she did catch me
having sex with Susan, Susan said I was forcing her even though she still had
the strap in her hand I had been beaten with. Mother sided with her and I was
tied to the bed and severely caned. I couldn't go to school the next day. All
she said to Susan was, 'I hope you are taking your pills regularly young lady.'
They left me tied up until Mother had left for work and when Susan came to
release me she made me have sex with her again before she would release my
wrists."

"Where were the other sisters?"

"They'd left home. Susan was the only unmarried one. She really gloated over the
caning I had especially when she found I had ejaculated on to the bed. Susan was
the most sadistic of the four but somehow I liked her best."

"Did she make you do other things to her?" The question came from Bren.

"Paul blushed. "Yes..."

"Come on Paul, out with the sordid details. Did you have to suck her?"

"Yes, even during her period and I had to wipe her and tongue her after she used
the toilet."

"You enjoyed that?"

"I didn't mind too much I suppose. At least it didn't hurt, unless I didn't
perform to her satisfaction.

Don enquired, "Did you have sexual contact with your other sisters after they
left home?"

"Yes, mostly with my oldest sister, Jan. Mother sent me to stay with her and her
husband Ronny for a fortnight and I was virtually a slave for them." Paul
stopped but was signalled to continue. Susan tied me to a beam and gave me a
severe front and back strapping before driving me to Jan's. I had some
difficulty in walking and Susan gleefully showed Jan and Ronny why. Ronny said
to leave my trousers off to prevent them chafing and laughed when he added, 'and
he'll be ready for any further punishment if he doesn't do as he is told.' My
prick erected under their gaze and Jan remarked at least that was a decent size
even if my muscles weren't. Compared to Ronny, I was a puny man although I was
much better equipped in the genitals."

"And were you punished further and did you have sex with Jan... or Ronny?"

"Yes, all the time. They made me sleep in the same bed, all of us naked. I had
to watch Ronny fuck Jan and then suck them both clean. I hadn't done it to a man
before and when I demurred Ronny beat my arse until I did. I of course got a
hard on and Jan wanted it inside her and said Ronny could beat my arse while I
fucked until I came. Ronny proved to have gay tendencies and three times in the
fortnight used my bottom hole."

"Were there other similar instances with your other sisters?"

"Sort of but none with homosexual overtones. I left home as soon as I could and
went to University but being shy, didn't find any dominating girlfriends. A
couple of times I went to a S/M club and got myself whipped with a flogger but
didn't find anyone I felt I could form a relationship with."

"But you wouldn't mind having a dominating man or woman in your life?"

"I'm not sure I would want a man. While I've had homo experiences I didn't get
much satisfaction from them." The interview continued for another hour gradually
extracting Paul's sexual experieces from him. Eventually the panel asked Paul to
wait outside. "Brenda, what do you think?" Don asked, "You're the one who has
got to live with him. He seems okay from other points of view. He's unattached,
has excellent computer skills and looks the part of a submissive. "What do you
think?"

"Well, yes he could do. I would have liked someone with a bit more flesh on
their bones especially if it came to a rough and tumble somewhere along the line
but I am willing to give him a try out. We set aside a week for these interviews
so perhaps you could return here on Sunday and I'll report on him then. That
will give me chance to take him to the club on Friday."

Paul was brought back in. Don spoke. "Paul we are offering you a week's trial
for the job. Do you wish to undergo this trial?"

"Yes Sir."

"You realise you will be Brenda's sub come slave for the week?"

"Yes, Sir."

"You think you can handle that?"

"I'll try Sir."

"Good. I'll leave you with Brenda. We will meet again here on Sunday morning to
review the situation. At that time we will decide whether you are up to the
standard we want and you can decide whether you want to continue. However, I
must strongly caution you about speaking of what has gone on here to anyone. And
I do mean anyone including your superior officers in Liverpool."

"Right boy," Brenda stood and spoke quietly but her voice carried authority. Her
height alone overshadowed Paul's. "Park your car in the garage at the back,
bring your kit up to my bedroom and then strip off for my inspection."

Ten minutes later Paul was standing naked in front of Brenda. She walked round
him feeling his flesh every so often. "It's been a while since you had a
thrashing then boy? But you know what it's like to be a slave. If you've
forgotten you'll learn during the next week won't you?"

"Yes, Bren."

"Yes, Ma'am for this week and at other times when you are definitely my slave,"
corrected Brenda. "Now put your clothes away neatly in that cupboard." Paul was
taken aback when he opened the door to find various instruments of chastisement
hanging on the back. Most prominent was a shiny well oiled leather tawse, but
alongside were whips, two canes, a crop, two floggers and several other things
he didn't recognise. He was horrified at the sight and realised these tools of
torture would inflict a great deal of pain especially when wielded by a strong
woman like Brenda.

"Pass me the tawse," commanded Brenda and when she received it slapped it
noisily on the palm of her hand and then clipped it to her belt. "The tawse is
what I use for general punishments. It hurts but doesn't leave too much of a
mark. The canes and whips are for when I want to see you have been well
punished, and want others to see too. You will definitely get to know them
before the end of your week."

"Brenda...?"

"Whack!!" Before he almost had time to think, he felt the sting of the leather
across the top of his thighs. "Boy, we are not playing at Mistress and slave.
From now until Sunday you are my slave. After that we will discus your future. I
told you how to address me. Didn't I?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Well put some slippers on and get yourself down to the kitchen, wear an apron
and start to make us some tea. Any future lapses will be dealt with far more
severely." Although the words were spoken without venom, Paul knew they carried
a great deal of menace. "Put that apron on and I will show where the stuff is
kept. After tea we'll have a little off the record chat."

Paul thought he did quite well preparing the tea. His experience at serving his
sisters came in very useful. Brenda was served at the main table while Paul had
his on a low stool while sitting on the floor. When ordered to clear away he
nervously touched a cup and spilled the tea dregs.

"Over the back of that chair, boy," Brenda commanded and when he obeyed and she
had opened his legs to her satisfaction, Brenda slapped his arse hard six times
with the tawse. Paul tried to be brave but cried out after the fourth. It
pleased Brenda to see his cock was proudly erect and was a good seven inches and
quite thick with it. At the clubs she'd seen bigger but hadn't taken them inside
her.

Later their off the record chat went well. Brenda told Paul exactly what she
expected of him, and Paul was able to ask questions on what she wanted him to do
sexually as well as the more mundane things like where he was going to sleep.
From what she told him, the week was going to be painful but at the same time
exciting. He would be regularly punished but would get sexual satisfaction with
her provided she got her satisfaction too.

He was only half looking forward to bedtime. She had explained he would help
prepare her for bed and then receive another six with the tawse to warm his arse
before she decided whether he would fuck her and sleep in her bed or just lie
chained to the small mattress on the floor. He would receive a similar
punishment when he brought her breakfast. By that time he would be expected to
have cleaned himself and shaved and shaving meant his pubic hair as well.

Bedtime came. Paul carefully removed each item of her clothing and placed it in
the laundry basket. For the first time he saw her voluptuous body which caused
his prick to rise. Brenda flicked it painfully with a finger and it went down
again. She took a shit and made her 'boy' wipe her and then wash her from head
to toe. While she tended her hair at the mirror, Paul had to perform on the
toilet alongside.

"Lie spread-eagled on the bed and don't dare come on the bedspread otherwise I
will whip that nasty uncontrollable thing of yours." Paul knew what to expect
and took the six strokes this time without crying out. They weren't given with
the venom of the earlier punishment. His cock once more became erect.

"Get into bed and fuck me. Remember you have to give me pleasure. If I don't
come at least once, then you lie on the floor after I've given you another six
strokes but this time they will be across the front of your thighs." The threat
proved unnecessary. Having seen her boy naked for some hours, Brenda was already
worked up and the feel of the large prick filling her cunt made her come easily.
Paul came inside her and to her surprise then asked if she wanted him to suck
her clean. All his sisters required that service. She was pleased with this
service too and decided he would perform it often.




Chapter 5. Paul's first week

Most of the first few days passed without much more than having a few extra
doses of the tawse. Paul was introduced to the computer set up in the house and
began learning the call signs and passwords as well as making small
modifications to the system to make it run more efficiently. Because of his
superior computer expertise Paul became complacent and on Wednesday afternoon
only gave her a vague answer to a direct question on the computer. Brenda was no
fool with using computers and took offense when treated to an unsatisfactory
answer. "So you think I am incompetent and shouldn't bother my head with such
things? When I ask a question boy, I expect a full and complete and lucid
answer," she yelled at him. It was one of the few times she raised her voice and
Paul knew he was in deep trouble.

Before he could react to what was happening, Brenda picked him up and carried
him down a flight of stairs to what she euphemistically called the 'playroom'
and fastened him face up to a low table. "So boy, you wanted to make fun of me.
You thought I was an idiot and wouldn't know what you were talking about. Let's
see if this will change your mind." Taking a soft leather flogger she swung it
hard so it landed across both thighs just above the knee. Although soft, the
leather stung and burned lines of fire across his legs. Paul screamed but Brenda
showed no mercy. She laid each stroke on hard, waiting for the pain to take full
effect before applying the next. Each stroke went a little higher up the leg
until she reached his prick head. Making sure it was lying down over his balls
she hit across it and both thighs until the whole top of his shaft was well
marked and sore. Paul cried and screamed but it made no difference. Having reach
the junction between his prick and his stomach she flipped it up and proceeded
whip the underside and his stomach.

Paul had never known such pain. He begged. He pleaded but to no avail. Only when
Brenda was ready, did she stop. Even then she continued to play with the soft,
very tender penis but it didn't rise. It was so sore he could hardly bare the
touch of her hands. Brenda covered the whole area with a wet towel and left him
for an hour.

"Don't ever try and humiliate me again boy," she hissed when she returned, "When
I ask for something to be explained I expect an explanation not some garbage
about my not understanding. Understand?"

"Yes, Ma'am. Sorry. I truly am sorry. I'll never do that again." He knew he
wouldn't dare try to humiliate her ever.

Brenda suggested he had a shower and afterwards applied some salve. She then sat
him in a comfortable chair and spoke in her usual quiet way, "Well Paul, you've
seen how cruel I can be and I can promise you will have another severe thrashing
before the end of the week but that will be more for effect than a punishment.
If you want to chicken out, do so now and don't waste any more of our time. Get
dressed, get into your car and leave. If you want to continue, bring some tea
into the computer room in ten minutes." With those words she left.

Paul didn't leave partly because his legs were so sore he couldn't drive far,
but mainly because he had begun to like his life with Brenda. She did hurt him
but mostly the pain went in a hour or so, and then there was the sex. Sex like
he hadn't had for several years. Today he realised he had gone too far but what
would the other thrashing involve? If it was worse than this afternoon he didn't
know if he could stand it.

"You are very brave Boy. You have more courage than many so called he-men and I
admire that," Brenda complimented him when he entered with the tea. Lifting his
apron, she saw the whole area was bright red and his cock, even in its flaccid
state, looked very swollen. "Now, explain what you did on this programme," was
all she said.

Friday came and Brenda dressed Paul ready for the club meeting. Around his neck
she placed a tight leather collar with several rings. Similar leather cuffs were
put on his wrists and ankles and she completed the outfit with a posing pouch
which barely covered his still sore cock and balls all held in place with a
narrow strap around his waist and another passing along the crease of his arse.

"Come with me boy." Paul followed with some trepidation as she went down to the
'playroom'. He rightly guessed this was the time for the thrashing she had
warned about. Quickly she fastened him over a stool.

"Boy, at the club tonight I need to appear as a hard cruel mistress. You are
going to aid that impression by accompanying me with severe welts across your
arse. Sorry Boy but there is no way I can fake it and you will only have a
couple of hours before we take the train into central London. I am going to gag
you in case your screams make me soft hearted." Brenda picked up a long, single
tail whip and after a trial crack or two, laid it hard across both taut cheeks
of her victims buttocks. A moan escaped from behind the gag so she knew Paul was
in extreme pain. Five more times she cracked the whip across his bare arse, each
time raising a livid raised welt.

"I think that will do for now," she told Paul, "Sorry, but you will probably see
worse stripes on some of the other slaves." Later she found him a baggy track
suit to wear for the journey.

Brenda was obviously well known at the Soho club and spoke frequently with other
masters and mistresses. Paul was introduced as 'Boy' her new slave. Several
remarked on Paul's arse but Brenda off-handedly dismissed any concern by
remarking, "Boy seemed reluctant to come and be shown to the club." Brenda was
forced to use a strap on him when he nudged another woman and spilled some of
her drink but kept the stripes away from the earlier ones.

Paul was amazed at the punishment some of the slaves took, especially some of
the girls. While watching a rather elderly woman receive the cat across her back
and tits, Paul's cock started to rise but was painfully restrained by the pouch.
It tried to rise again when he was forced to watch a man have his cock caned.
The man was lying on his back tied to a table with his cock through a hole in a
sheet of thin plywood. His young, near naked mistress, used her body to
stimulate him and when his cock was standing proud, took a thin, whippy cane and
thrashed it from side to side until it fell limp on the plywood. Even then she
didn't stop but continued to whip the cane down until the man passed out.

"You thought I was cruel Boy," Brenda whispered in his ear, "Perhaps I should do
that to your cock.

It was 3 a.m. before they arrived home. Both were extremely tired and Paul was
also very sore. Brenda omitted his nightly spanking and cuddled him into her
arms, too exhausted to even fuck but before she went to sleep she murmured in
Paul's ear, "Boy, I hope you are not planning to go back to Liverpool on Sunday
because I've booked us places on a cruise ship in three weeks time."




Chapter 6. Robert and Cheree

"Your tickets and passport please Sir." Acting Superintendent Charles Milburn
from the Birmingham Vice Squad handed the smiling stewardess his tickets and
passport all made out in the name of Robert Lanford.

"Sorry we had a car crash on the way and my partner was taken to hospital. I
nearly didn't make it." Robert said as the girl perused the documents. "What's
the mess on the quayside?" Workers were still trying to clear the flour but with
the onshore wind, as fast as one area was swept, wind eddying around the ship
moved it elsewhere.

"Only flour Sir. They had a little accident when loading supplies. Just as well
we did otherwise you may have been too late. Sir? I was told no singles, only
couples on this trip, Sir. I will have to check with the tour organiser."

"I wouldn't mind it if you coupled up with me, Sadie," Robert replied reading
the nametag on the girl's blouse.

"You know the rules Sir. Staff are to be left alone unless we volunteer in our
off shift time." Picking up a phone she contacted Master Frederick who listened
to Robert's story and then phoned the hospital before allowing him on board.

Cheryl "Cheree" Baines had lived with Robert for four months believing him a
business man with a liking for bondage and stuff. He seemed to have enough money
to live well and buy her clothes and other gifts. On the downside, she had allow
him to smack her bottom and at times he did hit hard, and to fuck her equally
hard. That she didn't mind at all.

They had met at a club her friend Fiona knew of and gained her admission.
Towards the end one of the men there had too much to drink and was being
obnoxious, leering down her dress and feeling up her skirt. She already knew
what went on at the club and indeed had allowed other men to fondle her breasts
and finger her cunt while they watched two young 'schoolgirls' being caned by a
'headmaster'. Afterwards in the dorm the two girls applied salve and the ate
each others cunts to a climax. Of course everyone knew they weren't really
schoolgirls but the caning was real enough. The men fondling her, quickly gave
Cheree an orgasm that made her so wet she had to retire to the ladies room and
clean herself up. The two schoolgirls were in there cleaning themselves too and
they spent some time gossiping.

Fiona and her men friends had moved to an alcove by the time she returned and
for a few minutes Cheree sat alone. It was then the obnoxious man moved in.
Robert, seeing the girl having trouble getting rid of the drunk moved to Cheree
and bluntly told the man "Piss off mate, the lady is with me." Fortunately two
bouncers also arrived on the scene and led the man away.

Robert stayed and chatted with Cheree and they got along well with each other.
Both of them thought the incident was over and were surprised when the Master of
Ceremonies announced an extra item.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, Masters and Slaves. We have an additional item on our
programme for tonight. As you should all have read and signed a copy of our
rules, you will know that drunken behaviour is not tolerated on these premises.
Neither from a man or a woman. Many of you witnessed the deplorable behaviour of
one man earlier. He is now here to pay for his sins." The curtain opened to
reveal the man, now naked hanging by his wrists with his feet well off the
floor. His body swung and twisted  as he tried to kick and plead. He certainly
didn't seem as drunk now.

"The penalty for such behaviour is a thrashing with a flogger by the person or
persons offended by the miscreant. The rules do allow for the offended party to
nominate someone to punish the offender on their behalf. I now call on the young
lady at table seven to come and do her duty on this man or nominate another to
do it for her."

Cheree nominated Robert. Having been a club member for four months, Robert had
twice seen members flogged for misbehaviour and knew the audience would
encourage him to lay it on harder and harder. He also knew that while the soft
suede flogger hurt and would leave painful red stripes, by the end of the week
they would be gone.

Applause accompanied Robert as he climbed on to the stage. "Start at the knees
and work up the back and down the front," whispered the M.C as he handed Robert
the flogger. "Do it hard. This one has been objectionable several times."

Robert handled the flogger like a tennis racket. Once a few blows started the
man swinging, he waited until the man swung towards him and then laid on a smart
blow to set him swinging further. The audience loved it and were soon yelling
"More! More! More!" until the man's body was covered on both sides with light
red welts.

Cheree kissed him when he returned and when she touched his cock through his
trousers she murmured that it flogging a man seemed to turn him on. Robert, his
finger in her cunt remarked she seemed turned on as well and suggested the went
to one of the alcoves where there were mattresses. For a few minutes they fucked
like rabbits but both having been turned on by the events of the evening their
fucking was short lived.

Returning to their table they arranged to meet a few days later for a meal and
then again at the club the following week. At that meeting on seeing a woman at
a table opposite them get her bottom chastised she shyly asked him to warm her
bottom with the flogger. Robert obliged and when the event on stage finished he
publicly bent her over the back of a chair and gave her twenty strokes with the
house flogger. Immediately after they went to an alcove where her found her wet
and ready for his cock.

A week later, she moved into his house as his servant and sexual slave. Over the
months Robert became very fond of her and when news of the cruise came through,
he booked her on it to travel with him. However as information from his and
investigations in other parts of the world came in, Robert realised the cruise
was partly a blind for an illegal trade in young white girls for sale in far
eastern markets. The most likely place for kidnapping the girls was Barbados.
Five girls disappeared from the last cruise. Apparently they had left the ship
together in a mini-bus to spend a few days at a hotel before going to the
airport for the return flight home. The bursar sent fax copies of the hotel
reservation she had made for them and the alterations for their return flights
home. They didn't check in at the air terminal and nor had the hotel any record
of their being there. Once they left the ship no one had seen or heard of them.

Robert knew he had to book as a couple but didn't want to have Cheree under his
feet during the investigation, he wanted to be free to change partners and try
to gather further information. He also did not want her to become involved in
any kidnapping deals where his emotions might prejudice his judgment. He called
on his friend and boss, Chief Superintendent Phil Smethers and together they
hatched a plan.

Robert drove the scenic route to the port. It made a pleasant change from the
motorway even though the roads were narrow and winding. About seven miles from
Padmouth, on a curve he swung the car off the road and crashed the passenger
side into a tree denting the wing and breaking the headlight. He had slowed
enough for the seat belts to prevent any serious injury to either of them.
Cheree looked shocked and turned to Robert. As she did so, Robert hit her neck
with a karate chop that rendered her unconscious. Immediately he lifted her
sharply and banged her head on the top of the windscreen bruising her forehead.

The ambulance was on the scene in minutes and took the pair to Padmouth General
Hospital where Cheree was kept in for observation and a CT scan. While this was
going on Robert informed the police that a car coming the other way had forced
him to swerve off the road. He then slipped away and took a taxi to the harbour.
Later Phil Smethers asked the local police to hold Cheree until he sent someone
to pick her up as she was wanted for questioning concerning prostitution crimes.

Robert had Helen James, a Birmingham WPC, drafted in to escort Cheree to a safe
house and ordered her to keep Cheree under observation 24/7. He knew she would
be happy to do so and she owed him a favour. When the vice squad had raided a
lesbian club for drugs, Helen had been there and Robert, who had seen her in the
station a few times, had allowed her to slip away so her name wasn't on the list
of detainees. "Don't be afraid to chain her to the bed or to sleep with her,"
Robert said to Helen at the end of her briefing.

Master Frederick, the tour organiser arrived. He already knew Robert well enough
but thought it best to check the story. After phoning the hospital to see if
Cheryl Baines was actually a patient there and finding she was and the story
they gave him was similar to the one Robert had told, allowed him on board.

"I'll be more than pleased to see you when you get off duty," Robert smiled at
the stewardess.




Chapter 7. Molly's punishment

Molly flanked on either side by two security guards, stood shaking in front of
the Captain, Master Frederick and his slave wife Sara.

"Search her," Captain Sorenson instructed the security guards. They emptied the
contents of her rucsac on the table. It contained nothing a unusual. Her purse
only had a little english money, a few hundred francs and a credit card. Her two
year old passport showed she had developed considerably since the photo was
taken but the face was still a good likeness.

"Take her clothes off and search for bugs." Molly struggled but was no match for
the two guards. Before long she stood naked in front of the four men and one
woman bravely trying not to cry and trying to hide her breasts and crotch with
her arms and hands.

"Which newspaper is paying for this trip?" What did you plan to do once you got
aboard? Who helped you organise this? Master Frederick and the captain fired
questions at her for half an hour. Tearfully Molly tried to answer them but
there was so much she didn't understand. She tried to explain the fisherman told
her the Black Prince was the boat going to France and as she hadn't much money
she tried to get on without paying.

"Unfortunately for you girl, the Black Prince was the boat you wanted, this is
the 'Svart Prinzen'," Capt'n Sorenson pointed out, "It might translate to the
same thing but it is not the same boat. We are a cruise ship heading for Madeira
and Barbados and, as you may have heard, this cruise is for BDSM people. Do you
know what that means?"

"I think so Sir," Molly answered, "It for people who like whipping people and
having sex."

"That's about right," Master Frederick agreed, "The problem is we vet all people
who come on the cruise because we know there are those who would try and stop
our fun. We learned that a newspaper might be trying to get someone on the boat
to expose what we do and therefore on this trip we have to be especially alert.
On the face of it your story seems believable but....."

"It is true Sir, I swear it is true."

Sara, who had noticed how her husband was eying the teenager, spoke for the
first time. "Master, might I be allowed to make a suggestion?"

"What is it slave?"

"You know we have the S.S. girls Venta and Elsa on the programme. Could we not
bring them forward to tonight and get them to elicit the truth from her? I guess
Marie wouldn't mind not being beaten."

"I know you wouldn't want to be a part of this captain so I suggest you turn her
over to me, as tour organiser and I will see what we can find out. Perhaps it
would be a good opportunity to try out one of the new dungeon cells.

Capt'n Sorenson agreed. He didn't want all the hassle and paperwork having a
stowaway would involve and he had a shrewd suspicion, the girl would never get
back to England to tell her tale.

Crying and naked, Molly was taken to a cabin deep in the bowels of the ship that
had been turned into a replica medieval dungeon. In the dim light coming through
artificial gratings Molly could see a hard wood bench, a hole in the floor
toilet such as she'd seen in France and rings set in the 'stone' walls. Because
of its proximity to the engine room it was surprisingly warm. It was also noisy
and airless and it wasn't long before Molly began to feel queasy. She sat and
then lay on the bench and tried to review her plight. Her only hope, she thought
was the tall woman with the man on a leash she passed on the way down would help
her. It wasn't much of a hope. The bitch had looked cruel too when Molly called
out, "I'm Molly Sugden, help me please." the bitch had only remarked to the
guards that it looked as if they were going to have some young flesh on the trip
this time.

"Yeah, and I guess she will wish she hadn't slipped on to this boat before too
long."

Back in the isolation of their cabin, Paul sent an encrypted emailed giving the
information to headquarters.

*****

Dinner was a splendid affair. Most of the masters and mistress were elegantly
dressed although many of the ladies showed plenty of tit flesh. The slaves
though were either naked or nearly so. Some sat at table with their owners but
most were on the floor alongside. Several girls were underneath feeding on their
master's cocks. Paul was relatively lucky, Brenda cut up his food and placed in
on the floor and gave him a fork to eat with. Others, he noted either had
nothing or tidbits passed by their owners or had to lap the food like dogs.
Every so often the conversation was punctuated by the crack of a strap as one or
other slave was corrected for a misdemeanor.

Brenda sat with similar couple, Xandra the dominatrix and a slave who she called
Little Sammy and another couple who said they liked to switch. Some times one
would dominate and then they would swap. "That way we get the best of both
worlds," Peter said. "At functions like this we both want to eat properly and
see the sights so we play equals."

"Ladies and Gentlemen, Masters and Mistresses, you should all by now know me,
Master Frederick. I hope you all have a very pleasant and fulfilling trip and
you are able to take full advantage of the facilities we have on offer and get
as much sexual enjoyment as you wish from the slaves. Those slaves with a plain
leather collar with an owner's name are for their enjoyment only, those with an
extra silver collar may be used by anyone provided the owner doesn't want them
at that time."

Master Frederick paused at the microphone. "Tonight we have a change in our
advertised programme. Most of you will have heard the earlier announcement
saying we had a stowaway on board. We are by no means certain she wasn't trying
to record what happens on this cruise for a newspaper. She denies it of course
but we thought the best way to arrive at the truth was to have our Gestapo
girls, Venta and Elsa try and obtain a confession." There were murmurs of
approval. "Usually the two act out a scene with a sub but tonight it will be for
real. The girl will not be acting and neither will Venta and Elsa. We will
investigate the girl's claims of innocence in about 30 minutes time in the
theatre.

"That young girl we saw is going to get one helluva thrashing," Brenda whispered
to Paul, "And we will just have to watch it without doing anything. The lives of
an unknown number of other girls is at risk is we show our hand this early and
out here on the ocean we could be fish food."

They first went to their cabin so Brenda could change out of her dinner dress
into her more comfortable dom gear then led Paul already in his leather jock
strap to the theatre. She found a seat where Paul could sit at her feet and
still see the action on stage. Undoing the crotch piece to the outfit in a quite
loud voice for her ordered, "Boy, get your tongue in where I can feel it doing
me some good. Just thinking about what is going to happen has gotten me horny."
Her legs were still around Paul's head when Molly, wrists and feet bound, was
carried in to applause and cheers from the audience.

Molly though was crying out. "I'm not a spy. I was just trying to hitch a ride
to France."

"Does she really expect us to believe that," the woman next to Brenda said,
"Anyone would know a fine ship like this would not be the ferry to France."

Several pieces of apparatus were wheeled on to the stage behind Molly, most 
prominent was an oversize door frame on a carriage frame and a large wooden cask
also on a carriage. It was to the cask Molly was fastened first, her arms and
legs wide spread. Then the carriage was revolved to allow all the audience to
see the fettered girl.

A drum roll announced the arrived of two blonde women dressed in military
uniform bearing swastikas on the arm bands. They were kitted out with radio
microphones so the audience could hear every word spoken. However, only Venta
deigned to speak.

"Molly Sugden, Molly Sugden," Venta snapped in a clipped accent, "You are
brought here for spying on our little happenings. We are here to find out who
your are spying for. Are you going to tell us now or after you have been warmed
a little by our canes?"

"I am not a spy," screamed Molly, "I was going on holiday. Why won't you believe
me?"

"Because you are lying to us, Molly. Have you ever felt the touch of the cane
Molly?"

"No! Please don't hit me. I'll pay the fare. I'll work. Don't hit me!"

"You still expect us to believe that lie. You mistook this boat for the
ferryboat? We'll see how long it is before you change your story."

Venta and Elsa took up positions either side of Molly's arse. Elsa being left
handed complimented Venta. Each now held a long flexible cane some four feet in
length. At a nod from Venta. Elsa brought the first terrible stroke down on
Molly's thighs. Almost before the scream had time to burst from the victims lips
Venta had laid another vicious cut just above the first. Right from the
beginning it was obvious the two sadists were not going to show any mercy and
were not going to pull back slightly as they normally had to in their act.

Molly screamed for mercy but they showed none. A dozen strokes were applied in
quick succession until it seemed Molly might faint. The near parallel raised
welts were blood red, her buttocks already had swollen.

"Hans!" Venta called. Immediately a blonde well muscled man appeared wearing
only jockey shorts which hardly contained his erection. Venta nodded and Hans
dropped his shorts to reveal a ten inch, thick cock. Without any preliminaries,
Hans thrust his hard weapon into the girl's tight cunt and fucked her hard. It
didn't matter to him that he was really too big for her. It didn't matter that
with each thrust he hit against her welted arse. All that mattered was he got to
fuck her and it wasn't often he had such a young bit of cunt. Molly passed out
before he climaxed but Hans continued just the same.

Some of the audience now began to murmur the girl had had enough but others
wanted more. In the end they won. Molly was removed still barely conscious and
fastened spread-eagled to the door frame apparatus. A feather was burned under
her nose to revive her.

"Are you still going to tell us you are not a spy?" Venta asked.

"I'll confess to anything if you stop hurting me but I don't know what it is you
want me to say." Everyone now knew she wasn't a spy and anything that went on
after this was a pretend interrogation. Once again the two Gestapo women
positioned themselves either side of Molly this time it was her front that was
to take the punishment. They started with their canes just below her pubic hair
and worked rapidly up. Each blow came micro seconds after the previous one. Both
women knew Molly couldn't stand much more pain and wanted to inflict the maximum
amount in the shortest possible time before she finally passed out.

For some moments there was silence as the beating stopped, Molly hung limp and
bleeding. Everyone else was stunned by the ferocity of the frontal caning.
Robert stood up and went to Master Frederick who then went to the microphone and
spoke. "Ladies and Gentlemen, Master Robert here has a request and an offer."

"Ladies and Gentlemen, Masters and Mistresses, as many of you know I was
involved in a car accident on the way to the port and my sub had to be taken to
hospital with head injuries. Thus I am here without a partner. While I know some
of you have already been kind enough to share yours with me, I am sure you will
realise that isn't quite the same thing. It seems fairly certain to me that
after a beating like we have just witnessed, the girl hanging there is innocent
of spying, therefore I am asking that I be allowed to take her as my slave until
we arrive in Barbados. I have paid for my sub's passage for the whole cruise and
back to England. At Barbados depending on how she has performed during the
voyage I will ask whether she can be allowed to fly back home with me. As a
slave it will take some time for her to recover and for me to start training her
but I am willing to offer $3,000 for the privilege of doing so. That is if you
and Master Frederick will agree."

A few members dissented but the general consensus was in favour and the request
was agreed on. Robert had the still unconscious girl put on a trolley and taken
to the hospital room.




Chapter 8. Slave Molly

Molly lay on Robert's bed, still naked except now she had a plain leather collar
and cuffs around each wrist and ankle. From one ankle a six foot length of light
chain connected her to a bed post. She could stand and walk a few steps, enough
to ease her aching body a little, but not enough even to reach the toilet. She
looked at the clock; 17:45. She'd been lying there since 17:00 when they had
brought from the hospital. He said he would be back in an hour. "What will he do
to me then?" she thought, "What will happen to me when we get to a port?"

Looking down at her breasts and lower body, she could see the painful stripes a
very vivid reminder of last night. The hospital staff had been very kind and did
what they could to relieve the pain and had given her a sedative that ensured
she slept through all of last night and most of the morning. Before she left a
nurse gave her one more pain killing injection and had handed the person who
called himself Master Robert, a bottle of pills. Vaguely she remembered him
saying she was now his slave and he owned her until they reached Barbados but
her head was none too clear at the time.

For the second time since being in the cabin, she tried to stand. It was a
little painful but she could do it, indeed she had been made to walk from the
hospital room to the cabin but he had partly supported her. Catching sight of
her reflection in the mirror, again brought back painful memories of the
previous evening. Now Molly's lovely body was marked and scarred and she wore
these leather bands with the rings that could fasten her anywhere while they did
anything they wanted to her.

Blurrily she remembered being raped but the nurse had told they cleaned her out
and had given her the 'morning after' pill and had given her master suitable
contraceptive pills for her use. Somewhere in the purse she'd last seen in the
captain's office, she'd had her own supply so she wasn't too afraid of
pregnancy. Only the fear of what this man, this Master Robert might do to her.
She was still standing and looking at herself in the mirror when the door opened
and in he walked. Molly's first thought was to grab a sheet and cover herself
but immediately she decided against it. So many people had seen her naked now it
didn't matter and it might only anger this man, her new owner.

"Good, you're up," Robert said, "Is the pain bearable?" Molly nodded. "When I
ask a question Molly you answer, Yes Master or Yes Master Robert. Do you
understand?""

"Yes, Master Robert."

"Come and sit on the bed Molly, you and I need to have a little talk about what
is going to happen to you in the next few days. Molly winced as her tender arse
sat on the bed, Robert sat in a chair opposite.

"Molly I know you have been through a terrible ordeal and you must be very
fearful of what is going to happen to you now. What I am going to do to you. Let
me assure you, nothing as painful as last night but you must be on your best
behaviour. From what you have seen, you know this is an unusual cruise. The ship
has been hired by a group that is into painful sexual relationships which you
may have heard referred to as BDSM. On this cruise away from the prying eyes of
neighbours and with like minded fellow passengers, they want to let their
inhibitions go and be free to pursue their inclinations. Most of the passengers
are either Masters or slaves although a few switch roles. Apart from you, the
slaves have more or less volunteered to come and although the whippings they get
are painful, they get a sexual thrill from receiving them. This you might not
understand especially as your caning wasn't sexually orientated. It was only
partly to get information from you. The other part was to satisfy the sexual
urges of the more sadistic masters and mistresses who would not dare to go as
far with their own slaves. Are you with me so far?"

"Yes .....Master."

"I am not one of the more sadistic ones and provided you go along with your role
as a slave and satisfy me sexually, I shall not hurt you at least not badly
although I may have to spank you from time to time to keep up appearances but I
will certainly try to avoid that until your wounds have healed a little more. As
a slave though, you will have to do exactly as you are told, immediately you are
told to do it however embarrassing it might seem to you. Now in an hour's time
you will accompany me to the dining room and this is how I expect you to
behave." Robert went on the explain the Master / slave protocol.

In her cabin Brenda had just stepped out of the shower and was toweling herself
dry ready for dressing for dinner. Paul walked in. "Bren!" Brenda was ready to
rebuke him for the way he addressed her but before she could do so, Paul went
on, "Just had a email from H.Q. It just says 'Keep a special watchful eye on
Molly Sugden.'

"How'd they know about her?" Brenda wondered out loud.

"The only way I can think of is they have someone else on the boat."

"Yes, but who and why weren't we told? Molly is a very likely candidate for
abduction though. I think I will have to get you a silver collar so you get to
hear what others have to say. ... And perhaps I will get a real slave in
return." She laughed at Paul and threw a towel at him. "Dry my back Boy."

*****

"Stand up straight but keep your eyes down. Be proud of your stripes. Few other
slaves here would have taken that amount of punishment." To both their surprise
many of the diners already seated clapped and cheered as Robert lead Molly into
the room. For a few moments Molly did indeed feel proud but it soon went when
she had to kneel on the hard floor. Robert tied her leash to the table leg.

"Watch what the other slaves do. I shall feed you like that male slave on the
next table. No, don't look up. Another couple with a female slave asked if they
could join Robert at his table. "Certainly," Robert agreed. Their slave knelt on
the floor alongside Molly.

The couple John and Clarace proved good company and like many others in the
dining room, discussed the events of the previous evening. "Kitty here gets well
tanned at times but what the two German girls did was really a bit over the top.
I cried for the poor girl, but I see she is recovering."

"In appearance only, Clarace, the nurse has filled her with pain killing drugs."

"Good evening Sirs and Madame would you like to order now?" Robert recognised
Sadie from the episode at the gangplank.

"Yes, please Sadie. I'll have the steak please with all the trimmings and a
small portion for Mollie." Sadie took the orders from the others and returned a
few minutes later with the food.

"Are you free later Sadie? I would still like to spend a little time with you,"
Robert asked with a smile.

"I thought you had a pet now Sir."

"Well, yes I have but it will be a few days before she is able to provide the
comforts I like so I would be delighted to receive your company."

"I'll come to your cabin about 10.30 if that's okay."

"That should be fine. I have to take this one to the nurse before then for
another injection."

"You're a fast charmer," John remarked, "I tried to get our cabin stewardess to
spend a night with us but she didn't want to know and we aren't allowed for
force them."

Robert cut Molly's food and set in on the floor for her and gave her a fork.
He'd seen Brenda do it like that for Paul and thought it a good compromise. He
too disliked seeing slaves with food all over their faces or fingers. The slave
a few tables away was having to eat like a dog with her hands cuffed behind her
back and her face was an awful mess. Clarace agreed but as they had ordered
chili her slave had a spoon.

Part way through the meal a hushed silence fell over the room. Venta and Elsa
entered and made their way to Robert's table. "So our little spy gets to eat
with the rest of our company now does she?" Venta hissed the words. "It was such
a pity you didn't have a higher pain threshold you little bitch. It quite
spoiled our evening's entertainment. We would have liked to have finished by
hanging you upside down from the door gallows and then birching you tiny little
cunt from either side and then when it was nice and raw and bleeding, Hans could
have fucked you again."

"Go away, Venta," It was Clarace spoke loudly, "You are spoiling our meal. You
treated the poor girl shamefully yesterday." In the near silence every one
heard.

Venta said nothing but put her foot in Molly's food. "Now look what you've done
spy bitch," she exclaimed to a terrified and shaking Molly, "You had better get
your tongue to work cleaning that mess from my shoe."

Molly never expected an order like that and hesitated. "Do it Molly," Robert
ordered touching her tender backside with his toe. Molly started to lick. She
saw there was no choice. The cleaning was facilitated by tears flowing down her
cheeks.

Clarace had by now called Master Frederick over. "Master Frederick, we pay these
two women to perform for us, not to disturb our meal. Please have them removed
forthwith." Robert could tell who wore the trousers in that household.

Master Frederick looked at Robert who nodded and said, "I think for just one day
of slave training she had done good enough job on the shoe and I would
appreciate it if you asked them to sit elsewhere."

"Don't worry, we've made our point," Venta said as the pair walked off. Robert
wondered why Elsa never said anything. Molly just sat quietly sobbing and
shaking while the meal progressed. She shook her head when asked if she wanted
dessert and Robert had to remind her to answer in the correct manner. When
coffee came he told her to drink it but her hands shook and spilled some in the
saucer. Robert made her lap it up from there. He had to be seen to be making an
effort to train the new slave.

Sadie was waiting in his cabin when he returned with Molly. "I hope you didn't
mind, I let myself in. One of he perks of being a supervisor stewardess, I get a
master key." Sadie grinned.

Robert took Molly's collar and cuffs off and told her to take a shower and do
what she had to do in the bathroom. Turning to Sadie he invited her to have a
drink and the asked if she minded Molly being in the cabin with them. "I can put
a blanket down in the office room," Robert stated. It was then he noticed the
door was slightly ajar. He was certain he had closed it.

Sadie laughed again, "You forget, I'm Swedish and I have been on these cruises
before. I've tried many things including threesomes. I sleep with guests who
attract me. Someday I hope to meet a rich man who I may wish to marry but all
those so far have wanted to spank me or worse and most who come on these cruises
are older people. But sometimes like tonight, I just feel lonely in my own cabin
and feel the need for a man inside me."

"Aaaarrrgggghhhhh!" The water from the power shower hit Molly's already
tormented skin like a thousand knives.

"I think we should give you a gentle stand-up body wash," remarked Sadie as she
deftly turned the water off.

"Please miss, don't touch my skin," Molly pleaded.

"It's okay Molly, I'll be very gentle, and you do need a bit of a wash." Sadie
stripped off her clothing while she ran water into the bath tub. "You get your
clothes off too Robert, you shouldn't be the only one dressed and in any case I
want to see what I am going to be serviced with tonight." Sadie's laugh was
infectious and Robert had a wide grin on his face as he started to undress.

Both Robert and Sadie stood in the tub, Robert holding his slave steady while
Sadie very gently swabbed her back. Molly winced a few times but didn't cry out
again. They turned her round and Sadie washed her face and then worked down. The
breasts were in an awesome state. Livid weals and purple bruises, never-the-less
Sadie noticed the nipples harden as she carefully washed them and then couldn't
resist surprising Molly by softly suckling them. She stimulated the girl further
when she washed her genitals. They at least were not sore, the Gestapo girls
having left that area for later.

After patting her dry, they laid her on one side of the bed. "You can watch if
you wish, Molly," Sadie said, "I won't mind."

"No," Robert countermanded, "You WILL watch Molly. Watch and learn. It will be
your turn to perform for me soon."

For a while Sadie and Robert just lay kissing and fondling each other until
Sadie requested Robert to lie on his back with his head towards the foot of the
bed. Straddling him, Sadie lowered her cunt on to his face and then took his
cock into her mouth and began to suck and massage the hard rod.. This was only
inches from Molly's face.

"Some men, Molly, like to shoot their load right into a woman's mouth, others
like to pull out and spurt all over the woman's face. As that is messy and I am
not a slave, I am going to swallow his cum." Molly looked disgusted although she
had heard of it being done. Seeing this Sadie added, "Don't worry Molly, there
isn't much taste and it is not painful. It certainly beats taking a spanking for
not swallowing." She continued with her sucking massage until it was obvious
Robert had come. Waiting a few moments for all his ejaculate to finish, she
opened her mouth so Molly could see the whiteness inside then before the girl
realised what was going to happen, leaned over and gave her an open mouth kiss.
Sadie's tongue entered her mouth and Molly could taste some of her master's
juices as they were transferred from one mouth to the other. Had not Sadie held
her head she might have tried to pull away but after the initial shock, Molly
began to enjoy the kissing and was a little disappointed when Sadie pulled away.

"The taste wasn't bad was it Molly? It wouldn't have been worth risking a
spanking to refuse now would it?" Molly reluctantly had to agree.

"You probably know that once a man has shot his load, his cock takes a little
while to recover. I still haven't orgasmed so I think we will have a little
drink, play a little more until I can get him hard again and then this cock is
going inside me. You are going to satisfy me aren't you Robert?"

"Of course I am dear. Perhaps my cock will do what my tongue couldn't." Half an
hour later, Robert's cock was pounding Sadie's cunt until she climaxed a minute
or so before him. Eventually it was all over and they sat at the head of the bed
with another glass of wine. Sadie looked down at Molly's face and turning to
Robert she asked, "May I make use of your slave?" On receiving the affirmative,
she placed her legs either side of Molly's head and ordered her to clean her
slit. Molly hesitated until she saw Robert's raised hand and then began to lick
the Swedish woman's cunt. Sadie made her continue until she climaxed a second
time.

"Move over Sadie, I need cleaning too," Robert ordered. Molly was past caring
about the taste and obediently put the flaccid prick in her mouth and licked it
clean. She now felt so tired she couldn't keep her eyes open any longer.
Reaction to the whipping and drugs was setting in again and her mind was
blotting out the horrors.

Sadie and Robert sat alongside the sleeping girl and talked quietly for a time
until nearly midnight when Sadie dressed. Before she left she kissed him and
whispered in his ear, "Thank you Charles, that was great." Immediately she was
gone.

Alarm bells rang in Robert's mind. Did she call him by his real name by
accident? Did she know he was an investigator? Would she turn him in to the
Captain? The tour organiser? It was a long time before he fell into an uneasy
sleep.

In the morning when he decided to email H.Q. he noticed his laptop was not in
quite the same position as he had left it.




Chapter 9. The abduction

During the days that followed the welts from Molly's beating healed sufficiently
for her to walk reasonably well and she no longer needed pain killing
injections. The stripes, still plainly visible, had lost their fiery look and
she could lie on her back on a soft surface without problems. Robert took
advantage of this to fuck her most nights and often during the day as well
especially after the erotic shows that were put on for their entertainment.
Sadie also visited him regularly and on those occasions introduced Molly to
other methods of enjoying sex besides the straight missionary position. Molly
even became a little jealous of Sadie.

Robert declined to take her ashore at Madeira. He felt she was still to sore to
walk properly and would evoke attention and she might try and escape and foil
any plan to catch the slave traders. Now they were only one day away from
Barbados. He wondered if they would use the same plan to waylay the women or
have a alternative plan. His instinct and the way Master Frederick seemed in
control of everything made him a major suspect but he had no concrete evidence.

Then their was Sadie. Since that first night she had not given him any cause to
believe she was anything but a randy stewardess but he knew that was just a
blind. What part in the scheme was she playing? Was she just toying with him to
keep an eye on Molly? To make sure she was ready and fit for sale? Nothing had
come back from H.Q. about her.

Brenda had loaned out Paul to other masters several times, once even to Master
Frederick who liked to have a sex with a slave boy as well as with women. His
wife spent the night with Brenda but again, the investigators only had a hunch
and a snippet of a phone call Paul overheard that the couple were involved in
the slave trade. Paul suffered greatly at the hands of Master Frederick. His
arse was well fucked and strapped before he was returned in the morning.

Brenda saw Robert beckon her to his table as they entered the dining room for
the last dinner before arriving at their destination. "Would you care to join
me?" Robert asked, "They like us to mix a bit and I haven't had the pleasure of
your company during this cruise at all." Brenda smiled and sat opposite him.
Paul knelt alongside Molly.

Robert openly flirted with Brenda but that was not unusual, she had noticed him
doing that with any lady that shared his table. While waiting for dessert, he
leaned over the table and pulled Brenda's head gently towards his gave her a
little kiss and whispered in her ear, "I'm Superintendent Charles Milburn, make
sure you keep a close eye on Molly when we leave tomorrow. Now laugh as though I
have said something amusing. Then invite me to your cabin afterwards, Make sure
the next table can hear,"

"You're just a flirt Robert, but I like to flirt sometimes. Why don't you join
me for a glass of wine afterwards.?"

Robert took Molly and Paul to his cabin. "Paul, lock the door and don't let
anyone in until I get back. Don't let anyone in and I mean anyone except Brenda
and I."

In Brenda's cabin, Robert outlined the situation and said he would try and get
them to allow Molly to accompany him home but was certain Master Frederick would
not agree. "I think he gets a good rake off from each girl, so he is unlikely to
risk her going with me and then talking of her experiences on this boat."

Brenda mentioned the snatch of conversation Paul had heard about a taxi for five
girls to a hotel, but that was all he got of it. They discussed when and how the
snatch was likely to be done and who would be the other victims. They began to
hazard what seemed a reasonable guess as to the modus operandi. Most passengers
they expected would go directly by coach to the airport, only the few staying
for the trip back home by boat would be left on board or they would be
sight-seeing in the town, it would be likely the girls would be detained somehow
and then supposedly taken to the airport by taxi. Who were going to be the
victims, was more difficult. Molly was top of the list of course but they
assumed the kidnappers would want young girls and the majority of the women on
the trip were into their thirties or older. A few slaves were younger and it
could be some masters would want to sell them on. "There is also the possibility
they could abduct some of the staff. Most of the stewardesses are young and
attractive, like the one who seems to share your bed quite often."

Robert had to agree and was immediately worried. "Brenda, you don't know how
right or wrong you might be. On the first night together she called me by my
real name and I believe also she tried to access my computer while I took Molly
to the nurse. She's either on our side or she knows and may make plans to thwart
our efforts. Let's go to my cabin now and see what is happening there. Mess your
hair up a bit so it looks as if we have been making mad passionate love, even if
we haven't."

They found Molly and Paul cuddled up together on the bed but no one had come or
tried to get into the cabin.

"Molly," Robert said, "Treat these two people as your friends. Tomorrow when the
boat docks, you will be in great danger. I will do what I can to protect you but
while I will ask to be allowed to take you home, I am certain that request will
not be granted. They cannot afford to let you get back to England and talk about
what has happened here. All three of us will try and keep and eye on you but we
do not know what they will try and do or how they will do it. Try and keep out
in the open it you can."

"Robert," Molly started crying, "Will I be whipped again?"

"I don't know Molly. Nothing is certain at this time." Brenda and Paul left and
Molly and Robert tried to sleep. Neither of them could.

3 a.m. and Robert heard the door open and Sadie slipped in. "It's me Robert."
She turned on the small bedside light and dropped a small bag on the bed. "It's
me Solvig Aagardsen, Swedish Vice Bureau. As you have already guessed I know
about your work too. I have just had my work roster for tomorrow. Sylvia
Reynolds one of the other stewardesses, and I have to accompany a group of three
girls by taxi to a hotel downtown. We already believe they are abducting five
girls so I am guessing, Sylvia and I are going to make up the number. Even if we
are not, it is certain, they are either going to kill Molly or abduct her. As
large sums of money are involved, I am pretty certain it will be the latter."

Robert agreed it was a likely possibility. Molly started sobbing again and
looked absolutely bewildered by the events unfolding around her.

"Molly," Sadie spoke quietly, "I guess Robert has already told you a little of
what may happen tomorrow. The main problem is once you and I are away from the
ship and into the busy streets even locals may have difficulty in finding us. I
have two tracking devices. They are small and the latest technology developed in
Sweden and in suitable conditions can transmit for several miles especially if
the receiver is airborne. The trouble is, we are likely to be stripped naked and
any jewelry or other concealment is likely to be taken from us. Likewise if we
insert them into our vaginas or arses it would soon be found. The devices are
intended to be swallowed." Sadie produced the devices. "They might be small but
they were a rather large pill to  swallow."

"I don't think I could ever get one of those down," moaned Molly.

"Yeah, me too!" grimaced Sadie, "But we have to do it. Our lives depend on it.
Fortunately they gave me a muscle relaxing powder to put in water to help the
devices down. Are you willing to give it a try?"

"I guess so if you will. But why do I need one if you are going to be with us?"

"At the moment nothing is certain. I may not be abducted. It is only a guess.
Then again we may be split up. Having two transmitters gives us a better chance
of being found."

Molly eyed the two devices and watched as Sadie mixed the powder into two
glasses of water. Could she trust Sadie? Even if she couldn't what choice did
she have? Robert or was it Charles had explained the chances of her being
allowed back to England were practically nil. Sadie drank her glass of water and
then waited for five minutes before filling the glass with clean water and
taking the device. She managed to swallow it at the third attempt but made Molly
wait longer for the relaxant to take effect then she was able to swallow the
device at her second try.

She gave Robert a music player-like device and an ear piece. He tried it and got
a very loud signal. She gave him two more for Brenda and Paul. "Is your group
armed Robert?" He shook his head, No. "I thought not, I'll try and arrange for
one of the shore crew to see to it. It is too dangerous not to be in this
situation."

"According to my roster, the taxi should be here about midday, by then most of
the other passengers will have left for the airport so there won't be too many
others around. You'll have to find an excuse to stay behind."

"Yes, I have already thought of that. I shall be distraught at Molly being taken
away. Brenda will comfort me and I shall decided to spend a few days at a hotel
with her before flying home."

"Sounds good, especially as you spent some time in her cabin this evening."

Master Frederick came and took Molly immediately before breakfast. Robert
pleaded and begged all to no avail.

"She's only a slave, you should know that," Master Frederick scowled at the fuss
Robert was making.

"Yeah, but I have nursed her back to some semblance of life and grown to love
her." Molly too pleaded and begged to be allowed to go home with Robert. She
promised she would never tell of what happened on the boat but the Master just
grabbed her arm and led her screaming away. Robert was very pleased she never
mentioned anything about being rescued.

Brenda met him at breakfast and saw tears in his eyes, "They've taken her," he
sobbed and the emotion he felt was very real. Sitting alongside him she put her
arms around him and hugged him tight. "Come with me to my cabin and comfort me
after you've had something to eat. We need to play this thing out so we leave
late," he whispered.

They didn't eat much but drank a lot of coffee. Sadie brought a refill and
whispered, "Look for a guy with a red and a yellow bandanna. He will be helping
passengers with their luggage."

"Boy, pack our luggage and bring it to Robert's cabin," Brenda ordered, "And be
discrete when you come in. I shall be comforting him." For once, Paul was
properly dressed as were all the other slaves now they were coming alongside the
dock.

Brenda took him to his cabin, watched by Master Frederick who gruffly told him
to forget her and get the plane back to his slave at home. "It was a mistake to
let you have her in the first place."

"I know the sort of comfort a grieving man needs," stated Brenda before Master
Frederick moved on, "He'll begin to forget her after that." She left the cabin
door cracked open in case the master should pass by.

Brenda quickly stripped and undressed Robert. "Do you mind if I still call you
Robert?" she asked.

"I'm more used to that than my real name and it makes it less likely we'll make
a slip up in front of others. Now what sort of comfort do I need?"

Smiling as she slid down his body and took his still soft cock in her mouth,
"This sort of comfort works wonders." It took a little while for his mind to
settle and enjoy the sensations and become fully hard. Once that had been
achieved it was a short step to thrusting it into her delightful cunt.

"She might be a big girl," thought Robert, "But her cunt feels nice and tight on
my cock." He thought again of last night with Molly and his anger returned and
he thrust his prick hard and deep into Brenda's vagina. It wasn't the gentle
fuck she had sort to calm his nerves but she encouraged him and began to enjoy
the ferocity of it as his pubic hair mashed into hers. He took a long time to
come, partly because of the nights activities but Brenda had multiple orgasms.

"Coach for the airport leaves in fifteen minutes," Master Frederick called out
as he thrust his head inside the cabin door and saw the pair still coupled
together.

"It's okay Master Frederick," Brenda answered, "I've decided to take this
grieving thing to a hotel for few days before we fly home. I'm sure the purser
can arrange something."

Paul was at the door too. He'd obviously waited until they were finished, "I've
brought our bags Ma'am."

"Very good Boy. I'll just take a quick shower to wash this sweat off. Be ready
to dry me."

When the master had left Paul quickly said, "The man with the yellow and red
bandannas came and left this case. There's three hand guns and ammo." The Swedes
must be better organised on this operation than we are, thought Robert.



Sadie stood at the gangplank checking passengers off the boat. Most had now gone
on the coaches. A few were going ashore and returning to the boat later for the
return trip. Robert and Brenda hadn't appeared yet so she guessed they would be
one of the 'hotel' guests. At 11.30 they appeared and she waved them good-bye. A
fellow stewardess was near-by so she couldn't say much but she did enquire about
his slave girl because most of the other stewardesses knew she'd been seeing
Robert.

"You couldn't persuade them to let you keep Molly then?"

"No," Robert said, with great emotion in his voice, "But I think I will wait on
the quayside for a bit in the hope she might appear and I can try again to get
the to let me keep her."

Sadie was about to commiserate when her radio crackled. "Sadie, Sylvia needs
some help in the laundry. Seems to be a problem there can you check it out
please?"

"Yes, Sir, I'll be right there." Turning to the other girl she asked her to take
over and then returned to Robert. "Sorry Robert, I have to go. Thanks for the
night time entertainment. I hope we will meet again on a future trip." She gave
him a hug and a kiss and then murmured in his ear, "Two couples left by coach
for the airport without their slaves."

Robert and Brenda sat on a pile of pallets, plugged in their ear-pieces and
listened for the signal. The receivers looked like any other portable music set
so wouldn't cause any suspicions. "Boy, go and sit away from us. We need a bit
of peace. Go up the other end there where I can keep an eye on you but you're
not under my feet." Paul immediately knew she wanted him to watch the crew
entrance to the ship.



Sadie guessed if she was to be a victim this would be when it would happen.
Sylvia had no business in the laundry room so it was just a ploy to get her
there. On the way she debated whether to keep her pistol on her or whether if
found would make them even more suspicious. By the time she passed into the
kitchen area she still hadn't decided but she knew that from the mezzanine floor
over part of the kitchen she could peer into the laundry room. Fortunately the
kitchen staff were on break time so her movements were not noticed.

Looking down she saw Sylvia bound and gagged but dressed, being loaded into one
of the large wicker laundry baskets. "So that's how we are going to travel," she
thought. Turning back into the kitchen she noticed the rack of sharp knives the
chef's used and slipped a small one into the back hem of her skirt. It was
covered by the tails of her jacket.

"This is it," she said to herself as she strode into the room as though she had
hurried there. Hardly had she entered than hands grabbed her and she was able to
get out a scream but in only seconds she felt her hands being bound with tape
and several pieces put across her mouth.

Master Frederick stood in front of her. "Sorry Sadie, you were a very nice
stewardess but you are worth more to us as a slave in South America." He held
her legs while Sara, his wife taped her ankles. "That should hold her until we
get to the warehouse and then we can do them properly. We need to get away from
here now. Sadie felt herself lifted and then placed amongst the dirty laundry.
More was padded around her so she was not able to move very much but was
somewhat protected from injury when being transported.

"I do hope they are on the ball with tracking us. I really don't want to be a
slave to a wealthy South American plantation owner." Sadie felt the basket being
wheeled along and then lifted. She knew the procedure well enough. It was the
ship's derrick lifting them to deck level and then lowering them on to a lorry.
"My God," she nearly panicked "I told them a taxi. They won't be looking for a
lorry!" Outside she could hear voices without making out words. The basket moved
on it own wheels and then came to a crashing halt. She heard another being
wheeled and then lifted on top of hers. "Oh my God, they've trapped me in even
if I can free myself from these bonds."



Two cars drew up and a man with red and yellow bandannas got out. "What sort of
music listen you to?" he said with a strange accent. Robert guessed he was
Swedish.

"Not Abba!"

"Maybe Sadie music? I'm Bjiorn."

"Still from the boat as far as we can tell. Doesn't seem to be in the same place
now though."

Paul came running, "They are on that lorry, in the wicker baskets."

"You can go with Sven later," Bjiorn said to Paul, "For the moment all of you
come with me. Just walk naturally. Ask me way to hotel and then we can look
round and point and see what is happening. Paul make sure you keep your music
on." They did and noticed the fifth basket was being loaded. It dropped the last
few inches and hit the floor of the lorry hard. Harder than they would have
expected of laundry.

"Yes, I will take you to hotel," Bjiorn almost chanted.

"Master Frederick and Sara are coming down the gangway now," Brenda reported as
she was the one looking in that direction. "Should we split and follow them?"

"Good idea," Bjiorn agreed. He waved Sven over and with much gesticulating to
indicate a hotel that was a little out of sight told Paul to travel with him and
his mate. Much of the time he talked in Swedish so the others had no idea of
what was said. Sven seemed to talk better English and started chatting to Paul.

In Bjiorn's car they were introduced to Ove, the driver while Bjiorn switched on
the GPS system and pointed out where they were and the green dot that was the
signal from Sadie and Mollie's transmitters.

"Are they both there?" enquired Robert.

"Can't tell if the signals are close but the signal's very strong so they could
be." A taxi arrived and Master Frederick and his wife got in and started off.
"Zero one to Zero two follow at a discrete distance, they may be heading for the
same place as the load so watch the GPS."

"Okay Zero one." Half a minute later, the lorry pulled away from the quay.



Sadie struggled to make a little space within the sheets. She was hot and
sweating from her efforts but eventually she was able to get her finger tips at
the knife. "I'm glad I put the knife behind me otherwise it would have been very
difficult to reach," she said to herself as she worked it part way out from the
waist of her skirt and then turned it so the cutting edge was outwards. From
then on it was relatively easy to cut the tape although she did manage to nick
herself a couple of times. Once her hands were free removing the tape gag and
freeing her feet was relatively easy.

Gradually by moving a part of a sheet at a time she worked her way up to the lid
of the basket. Through the spaces in the wicker work at one corner of the basket
she got glimpses of cars but with baskets on top and alongside her, the view was
very restricted. Sadie slid the knife along the opening edge of the basket until
she felt the leather strap that held the lid down and slowly sawed through the
leather but with the weight of the other basket on top she could not lift the
lid. Sadie cursed her luck. The odds were 2 to 5 against being trapped like that
and she had to get one of the 2.

Sounds from outside changed. No longer were they in traffic. The lorry slowed. A
metallic door opened, they went in and the door closed.

"Go outside and lose yourself for half an hour. Then return and collect the
baskets and take them to the laundry," Master Frederick instructed the driver at
the same time handing him a wad of notes. "You haven't been here remember."

"Which one is that Molly girl in?" Sadie recognised Venta's voice. "Elsa and I
have unfinished business with her."

"We haven't time for that." Master Frederick's voice came through.

"Yes we have, if you get on and get the others ready while we are dealing with
the little English bitch."

"Carlos won't like it if the goods are damaged."

"We can say it happened last night." Sadie could hear quite clearly now the
clothing was not packed around her. A winch whirred and there was a little shake
from the lorry.

"Lift her out Hans." Venta's voice again. "Take the tape from her ankles and
let's get her tied to those two iron posts." Sadie could now hear moans which
she assumed were Molly's struggles.

The winch whirred again. Another basket off. A scream, "No!, no! Please not
again. I'll die. Help me someone."

"No one is going to help you bitch and we have unfinished business on your body.
That little cunt of yours is going to be very sore and so swollen Hans will have
difficulty in getting his cock in." Venta cackled. "Here comes Elsa with our
whips now. Not long to wait."

Sadie felt the basket above her lift. She lifted the lid an inch and took in the
scene.  On the floor were five coffin sized crates which she guessed were to be
their transportation to South America. Everyone now seemed to be watching the
struggling Molly. "Tie her upside down, Hans," Venta ordered. Elsa took her
position behind Molly who was still screaming incoherently at the top of her
voice. Venta got into position, "Ready now bitch?"

Despite the fact it might jeopardise the operation, Sadie pushed up the lid and
stood pistol in hand. Everyone except Venta turned. She had her back to Sadie
and was more interested in the pain she was going to cause the little bitch.

"CRACK" The single pistol shot sounded like a canon in the enclosed space. Sadie
had fired overhead but the levelled the pistol at Master Frederick.

"Hans. Release Molly." Sadie ordered. The Master's hand slowly went to his
pocket but Sadie was ready and ordered him to put them above his head.

Sara who stood to one side while all this was going on, saw her opportunity.
Swinging the hook from the winch in a wide arc it caused Sadie to duck. A
microsecond later she felt the burning sting of Venta's whip as it wrapped
itself round her gun wrist, flinging the weapon to the floor.

"Well now brave Miss Sadie, we'll have to see how well you stand up to the whip.
We'll enjoy having the two of you and I don't think you have felt the whip
before either so it will be a double pleasure for me." Venta was highly amused.

Master Frederick retrieved the gun and pointed it at Sadie. "Get down here, and
don't try anything otherwise Venta may well want to make more permanent marks on
your lovely body."

"I think not!" Sven's voice came from a skylight in the roof. He was armed with
a high power rifle. Three others similarly armed came through the door followed
by Robert, Brenda and Paul all with pistols drawn. Frederick's group were no
match for the trained well armed men that surrounded them.

"Robert, take Molly to the car and stay with her. I'll bring you some clothes
later but for now use a sheet," Bjiorn ordered. "Brenda and Paul, release Sylvia
and the other two girls. We must move quickly." It was not long before the three
were free and rubbing their sore bodies. Both slaves were used to being bound
but were terrified by the thought that they were going to be sold and sent to a
foreign country as real slaves. Until now they had believed their masters cared
for them. They started to jabber and wail but Bjiorn silenced them, with a curt,
"Shut up. You are safe but only if we can get out of here before the transport
arrives for you."

Sven and the rest of his group forced the would-be slavers to strip and was busy
tying them. He threw Sara's clothes to Brenda. "Please to give these to Molly.
Size may not be right but better than nothing."

Soon Master Frederick, his wife, Venta, Elsa and Hans were all naked and bound
and gagged. Bjiorn then suggested Brenda and Paul wait outside. "It will be
better if you do not see what we are about to do." Although framed as a request,
both knew it was an order and left. Ten minutes later, the four Swedish
investigators joined the others outside.

"Sorry ladies but it is going to be a tight squash in these cars but we need to
move away from here." Bjiorn was obviously in command. They moved back behind a
warehouse while the Swedes and Brenda watched. Presently an unmarked closed van
arrived and went inside. The five crates were there as they expected but the men
were mildly surprised there was no one about to greet them. Any way they just
shrugged, loaded the crates and sped off.

"Watch the red light," Sven said to Brenda who shared the front seat with him
and another Swede. That's a tracking device in Master Frederick's crate."

"I can't believe you did that," Brenda exclaimed. Later in his house which
served as the headquarters for the Swedish Vice Bureau on Barbados, Bjiorn
explained a little of what happened. First he addressed the British team. "I
know you expected us to arrest those people. Had we done so, we would have be
overwhelmed by paper work to get them extradited to our country and here money
talks so they might have got away with it. Not only that, our cover and yours
would have been blown and these ladies would have had to describe their ordeals
again in court. In the end they would have at best been put away at our expense
for a few years. As it is now, Carlos will be most displeased when he finds what
he has paid for arrives not quite to his liking. Instead of five young maids he
gets two men one of whom is well past his sell by date, his wife who isn't far
off it and two scrawny German women with crabby personalities. From what I hear
of Carlos he will be more than displeased. He will be very angry and will take
his anger out on the slaves he received. They will no doubt be severely punished
and then put in a jungle brothel for the use of his drug farmers and any other
low life."

Bjiorn turned to the two slave girls. "You two, and Molly and Sylvia must never,
and I repeat NEVER talk about us or what happened to you. If wind of what
happened ever gets to Carlos, you would be better dead. I'm sure the British
team will be able to concoct a story for you. Probably something like when you
got to the warehouse it was stormed by a whole battalion of soldiers who rescued
you and took you away. Sadie you had better phone Captain Sorenson and give him
a similar story. Say you and Sylvia are too distressed to come back to the ship.
I have sent a couple of men to pick up your stuff and they can pick up Sylvia's
too if she doesn't mind them doing it."




Epilogue

Molly returned to England with Richard and stayed for a while with him until it
was time for her to go to college. She needed frequent conselling sessions at
first but being young, soon seemed to get over the trauma although there were
nights when the terrible whipping kept her awake.

Brenda and Paul kept together both as a team in the vice squad and privately.
After his work on the case, Paul's status was raised both by Brenda and by his
superior and often now they worked together more or less as equals but at home,
Paul was always, or almost always, the slave. He liked it that way.

Sadie continued in her under cover work and on occasions looked up Robert
especially where their investigations interlinked.

The two slave girls disappeared. It was thought the Vice squad enabled them to
emigrate possibly to Australia.

Sylvia took a shore job in a travel agency.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





