BDSM Library - Little Tommy




Little Tommy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A son is dominated by his mother and her Boss.
Little Tommy

(incest, D/m, hetro, ws)



Don't read this if you are not supposed too.

This is my first attempt at writing so please excuse the amateur effort.



Tommy never really grew up physically and really looked much younger than he was
because he was short and slim. He had no brothers and still lived with his Mom.

Tommy's Mom was going on a business trip out of town for a couple of days. 
Tommy sat silently in the car as he was being driven to Beth's place. Beth Davis
was Mom's boss who had insisted that Tommy could stay at her place while Mom was
away.

Beth was a big woman of about 50. Though despite her efforts at the local Gym
was still fleshy around her thighs and ass. She owned her own company and was
quite rich and well off. Beth was used to being bossy and people generally
listened to her. Though initially Tommy's Mom Doris was a bit reluctant to leave
Her son at Beth's place, she finally agreed.

Tommy did not like Beth in fact he was scared of her. But it was not in little
Tommy to a argue, Tommy did everything he was told, he was an extremely obedient
boy. Tommy knew from experience that if stepped out of line Mom punished him
with the "routine".

"I don't want any complaints from Beth when I get back you listen to her and do
everything she tells you to" Mom told Tommy as she reached Beth house.

"Hi Doris and hello young man" Beth said as she let the two of them into the
house. After the little small talk Doris rushed out of the house as she was
already late for the airport. Beth looked at Tommy with a sort of a hungry look
that Tommy did not quite know what to make of. She showed him around the house
and his bedroom, which was right next to Beth's bedroom. "There are some rules
in the house and I expect you to follow them. As long as you are here I want you
to take care of the laundry and some other work around the house that I will
tell you about". Beth explained to Tommy the rest of the rules at dinner time
while Tommy was silent most of the time except to say "yes Mrs. Davis" every now
and then.

The next two days past by uneventfully. Tommy was the good little boy around the
house did everything he was told to and stayed out of trouble. They had even got
into a nice little routine where in the evenings after Beth came home from work
Tommy fixed her normal drink and then did her feet. She would put her tired feet
in Tommy's lap and watched TV while the little boy massaged her feet. She
wondered how he was so good at it but didn't think further on it. Tommy did not
quite feel the same way because Beth big feet smelled a bit after a full day in
the office. Tommy wished she would take off her shoes and walk around a bit
before she put them in his lap. She also had this habit of touching his face
with her feet ever now and then. Tommy did not dare say anything and would
continued massaging her feet until he was told to stop.

Today Beth was in an irritable mood. Susan her assistant was on leave today.
Susan was an extremely submissive girl who needed her job with Beth desperately.
Susan came from a poor family and had an elderly mother to take care off. Soon
after Susan took up her job with Beth she realized her Job description included
taking care of Beth's personal needs. The large part of, which included licking
Beth's pussy in the afternoons or whenever else Beth needed it. Beth needed at
least one good orgasm a day and Susan took care of that for her dutifully for
the last three years. Beth had no trouble with Susan at all, in the beginning
she had to thump her regularly while teaching her how to service her cunt, but
now it was reduced to the occasional slap on Susan's face just to get her pussy
juices flowing and show Susan who was BOSS. There were occasions where Beth has
Susan lick her pussy several times in one day but more on that later. Today
Susan was not at work and Beth was on edge, to make matters worse she had a
couple of bad meetings, which had put her in a foul mood.

She sipped her drink kicked of her shoes and put her feet in Tommy's lap. Tommy
as usual carefully peeled of her stockings and started massaging her feet. Tommy
had broken on of Beth's expensive dinner plates this morning and was wondering
how to break the news to her. "I'm sorry Mrs. Davis I broke one of the plates
this morning " he stammered. Beth glared at him and struck him in the face with
her foot."You careless fool" as she struck him a second time with her foot. "You
will have to pay for this wait till I tell your Mom". She hit him a few more
times until he was crying uncontrollably and was pleading with her not to tell
his mother. She put her foot back in Tommy's lap and growled at him to continue
she felt more relaxed after giving Tommy a beating and strangely enough she
began to feel her pussy getting wet.

She suddenly on impulse put her big toe into Tommy's mouth; "Suck on my toes
while I think on how to punish you" she said. Tommy who was still sobbing away
quickly started sucking on her sweaty toe. She was amazed to find that Tommy was
sucking on her feet with so much expertise she was almost sure that this was not
the first time he was sucking on someone's feet. Tommy sucked on Beth's feet for
a long while, meanwhile Beth started to get really worked up and her pussy smell
started slowly filling the room.

Beth was lying back with her eyes closed wondering how to take the next step,
when she felt Tommy's breath at her crotch, before she could react Tommy started
rapidly licking her soaking pussy. " What On earth are you doing how dare you do
that"!  She thundered.  " I was just showing you how Sorry I am just like my Mom
always taught me" the poor boy whimpered tearfully. Beth was stunned. She just
stared at Tommy while he cried softly. She slowly slipped her panties off and
spread her legs apart and looked at Tommy. Tommy stared at Beth's pussy he had
not seen so much hair in his whole life. Beth reached into her Beard and started
rubbing her clit as she still looked at Tommy. "You can show me how Sorry you
are and if I think you did a good job I might let you of the hook" with that she
roughly pulled Tommy's face into her forested pussy. Tommy sucked Beth's pussy
for at least an hour and gave her three strong orgasms'. Now everything was
falling in to place Beth thought, Little Tommy has been sucking his Mama's toes
and pussy no wonder he is so good at it. Beth finally pulled little Tommy's face
out of her crotch and told him to wash up and come back. When Tommy came back
Beth made him tell her everything his Mom made him do. Beth would never have
guessed that Doris had been cumming in her little boy's mouth for years now.
Unknown to Tommy, Beth was recording everything that Tommy was saying on tape.
Beth had already decided that she was not going to let this expert little
cuntlapper out of her life.

From now on after the foot massages Tommy licked Beth's pussy for an hour every
evening. She made him sleep in her bed, just in case she wanted a release at
night. She generally got Tommy to service her orally before she got out of bed
every morning. She knew that her pussy smelled quite stale in the mornings but
Tommy got used to it. The morning sessions started with Tommy giving her what
she called were her "Pubic Shampoo's". Tommy was made to gently suck on her
pubic hair, till she was totally wet with saliva. Part of his job was to swallow
all the pubic hair that came loose. This was one of the best parts of Beth's
day. By the time that her Shampoo was over she usually grunted for him to
"finish her off". Tommy would instantly mouth her clit and give her the first of
many for the day. At some point of time before she got out bed she would piss in
Tommy's mouth. Swallowing to keep up with Beth's strong morning flow was another
thing that Tommy became pretty good at.                                                                                                                         



 Every once in a while she would jerk off Tommy's little cock and make him lick
the cum of her hand. Tommy was really scared of Beth's temper so he did
everything she asked. One day she beat the shit out of him because he hesitated
to lick her ass in the morning just after her Shampoo. Beth has big fleshy ass
cheeks that need to pulled way apart for Tommy to say Hello to her asshole.
Beth's asshole is dark black brown in color, a complete contrast with her white
bottom. Her asshole is always oily, strong smelling, and not a pretty sight.
Beth is always pushing Tommy to stick his tongue further up her asshole and then
clenches herself to really pull his tongue out. Tommy spends a lot of time with
his face between Beth's big dimpled Ass cheeks. Beth the lady that she is always
refers to her ass as her BOTTOM. "Do my Bottom, Tommy" or "Be nice to my Bum,
Tommy" is how she put it. She loved calling him her little BUMBOY.





Finally the day come when Doris came back to pick up Tommy. They were all
standing in the living room of Beth's house. "I hope Tommy has been a good boy
and not been too much trouble Beth "

"Tommy has been a good little boy and I never knew he was so talented"

"Yup he's good with the housework and I don't know how I would do without him"
said Doris now in a rush to leave as she started to get a little bit uneasy.

"Tommy are you going to show your Mom how you say good-bye to me. I want you to
THANK ME for looking after you so well" Beth spread her legs and pulled up her
skirt just a little so Tommy had no doubt what she had in mind. All this while
she continued to look at Doris who had a look of complete shock on her face.

Tommy knelt between Beth's thick legs stuck his head up her skirt and went to
work on the pussy he had got to know so well. Beth caught Tommy's head through
her skirt and ground her crotch in his face.


"My compliments Doris for teaching your son to be such an expert with his mouth.
Tommy has been serving my needs so well I don't think I can manage without him"
she groaned huskily.

Doris just stared at Beth. Beth kept looking at Doris. And little Tommy kept
doing what he did best.

After Beth came a little more noisily for Doris's benefit Tommy went and stood
next to his Mom with Beth's pussy juices smeared all over his face.



"Come to my office by 11.am tomorrow and we will talk about how we share Tommy.
I have got everything he said on tape if you have any funny ideas." Beth did not
wait for an answer as she opened the front door to let Doris and Tommy out of
the house.

As a stunned Doris left the house, Beth remarked " Oh by the way I'm surprised
you didn't teach Tommy to lick your ass. Now thanks to me I have turned him into
a proper little BUMBOY. Ask him to show you what I taught him". As she shut the
door with a smirk on her face


Doris and Tommy drove home in silence. Doris did not have nice breasts; she had
a rear end that was big for her, a tummy that stuck out and veins that ran down
her fleshy pale legs. But she had what most other women did not have, a devoted
little boy who sucked on her cunt whenever she wanted.


Doris entered her bedroom with little Tommy following. She had a long Journey
and was sweaty and grimy

with her travel. She was going to let Tommy run a bath, but as an after-thought
decided to let him clean her up the "hard way".



She stood in the center of the room and Little Tommy undressed her with his
nimble fingers. When she was naked, she walked to her bed and lay down
spread-eagled. The smell of deodorant and sweat hit Tommy's nostrils along with
another smell that he was familiar with.



"Tommy I want you to start with my toes and clean me. It's been a long day and
I'm really tired and dirty so you have just over an hour before dinner to clean
me up good.   I want you to visit all the usual "spots", and I want you to
especially spend time at the place that Beth talked about. I am unusually filthy
there today, so make sure that you get all the little "bits and pieces".



Little Tommy started working on his Mom and covered all the old ground and some
new! Some very new ground.



Scarface750@yahoo.com




Little Tommy 2  (F/m D/s Incest)

The usual disclaimers apply. Don't read this if you are not supposed too. This
is a sequel to Little Tommy . Read it if you wish to know what happened earlier.




Little Tommy cleaned up his sweaty Mom real good. He just loved his mother's
bottom, and wished that Mom had made him do this all along. He just loved
putting his tiny nose to her brown asshole and Sniff.  A few sniffs of Moms
bottom would get his small cock all rock hard. Mom's bottom crease and asshole
always smelled so strong and ripe, especially at the end of the day.

Mom also was quite enjoying her boy's breath and untiring tongue working deep in
her ass cheeks. It was a real Win-Win situation.

Tommy did her toes and feet first. Then slowly licked up her flabby legs,
nuzzled his face in her pubic hair and gave her pussy lips two quick swipes with
his tongue before moving on to her navel.

"That's right move on up and do the rest of me, you can go back and lick me
after you finish," she lazily whispered. Tommy worked diligently up around and
under her breasts, a quick suck on her big brown flat nipples, and on to her
armpits. Tommy started getting real hard with smelling and licking Mom's
armpits. He knew that Mom liked him to suck her armpit hair in his mouth and
suck out the sweat from them. Tommy did his best to please and soon had both her
armpits squeaky clean.

When Tommy was finally finished with both back and bottom, Mom rolled over on to
her back, spread her legs really wide, rubbed her clit with her middle finger
and said "Tommy put your mouth in here, I should be giving you quite a beating
for telling Beth about us, but make me feel really nice and maybe I won't hurt
you." Tommy knew from experience that no matter how angry Mom got, a nice long
pussy licking always got her into a better mood. Sometimes Mom used the cane on
little Tommy, on such occasions she would get just a little wet by the time
Tommy started sucking her cunt. Today there was no need of the cane as Tommy was
already a little scared. Mommy knew that Tommy always did her a little better
when he was frightened.

Frumpy old Doris kept Tommy's face in her crotch for almost 45 minutes and three
strong orgasms. Tommy's face was completely smeared with Mom's juices. Mom then
instructed Tommy to bring the cream, Tommy went running to bring the cream as he
knew his Mom was going to jack him off with those magic fingers of hers. It took
Doris less than a minute to bring the excited little boy to ejaculation. Tommy
came with a groan in his mother's hand, who then wiped it on Tommy's stomach and
told him to clean up.


"Tell me about Beth" as she put her feet in Tommy's lap. Tommy started massaging
her feet while thinking what he should say. The poor boy did not know how much
to tell his Mom he also felt awkward talking about it. How was he going to tell
her about the piss drinking?

Tommy finally told his Mom everything. The toe sucking, the pubic shampoo's, the
ass licking, the piss drinking, not to forget the countless times he was made to
suck Beth's pussy.

"She makes me eat her pussy hair that gets stuck to my teeth, also she doesn't
smell so good down there" complained poor Tommy. "I don't like it when she makes
me do her Bum it doesn't smell and taste like yours Mom, its so YUCK," carried
on the poor boy.


"TOMMY!!" Mom said in a voice that sent the alarm bells ringing in little
Tommy's mind. "You will do exactly what Beth tells you. If I hear even a murmur
of discontent from Beth you know what will happen to you". She said in such a
stern voice that Tommy put his head down and fought back the tears. "Put your
nose back in my cunt while I think of how to punish you for this". Little Tommy
put his head back to where it belonged and gently started licking Mom's pussy
lips. "You drank Beth's piss, and all this while you never once offered to drink
mine," said Mom lifting Tommy's nose from her crotch and looking down at him
over her tummy.


"She m..made me," he stammered "I'm sorry, I could drink your piss right now if
you wanted," whimpered Little Tommy.

"Get back to work first, you ungrateful little swine, if you behave right maybe
I will let you drink from me later," as she slammed his head back into her cunt.



BETH'S OFFICE 11.AM


"Did you make him do all the new little things that I taught him. It's the
little things that make the difference Doris." Beth said as she sipped her
coffee looking at a very quiet Doris and Tommy. "Tommy needs to be a part of my
life Doris, can you understand that, I mean I will not take him away from you,
but I come first. You can have him when I'm not using him." She said not really
expecting much of an answer from Doris.

"Get in here under the table Tommy while your Mom and me discuss a few girlie
things," said Boss Beth.
As Tommy scooted around to Beth's side of the table, Beth whispered in his ear.
"I have a special treat for you Tommy. I did not wash myself down there this
morning, just for you. So its smelling nice and strong, get down and sniff me
and see for yourself," as she pushed the white faced little boy under her desk.
Tommy knelt down and put his head between those thick fleshy thighs and stared
at the huge big mass of hair.  "Since your are down there you might as well do a
little housekeeping and clean up any of those loose hairs you can find, don't
touch my clit and no tongue,"  She said as she shifted to the edge of her chair
and spread her legs to make way for Tommy's head. Beth's cunt was smelling so
strong that now even Doris sitting across the desk could get a whiff of it.

Beth explained to Doris how she was renting the house next door where the two of
them could move into.  She also told Doris about her new job, which would
require Doris to travel three or four days in the week. Tommy of course would
stay with Beth while Doris was travelling. Tommy would stay the nights with
Doris when she was in town but would be required to call on Beth as and when
Beth was in the mood.

"Usually I will keep him with me till I fall asleep then he can run across and
spend the night with you Doris" said Beth to a really subdued Doris. She reached
down and pulled Tommy's head a little deeper into her crotch while continuing "
I 'm looking forward to Tommy spending time with me at home, unfortunately I
could never take Susan home with me often." She explained to a puzzled Doris
that Susan had been servicing her orally now for some time but had to go home at
the end of the day because of her sick mother.

Beth was getting just a bit distracted and was debating whether to get Tommy to
finish or not. She decided against it as she had her mind on another important
meeting. With a final little "grind-up" against Tommy's face she pulled the
little boy up to his feet.

 
Before long Doris was on her first of many trips out of town, and Tommy came
over to stay with Beth. Unlike Doris, Beth wanted not only to dominate the poor
boy, but remove any iota of self worth from the boy. She wanted him to be a
zombie existing only for her needs, being her full time sexual servant at home.
With the proper discipline and conditioning she knew she could turn Tommy into
just the kind of boy slave she had in mind. In a few years his cock would also
grow into a useful size and then she could get Tommy to fuck her on occasions
she wanted a change from his mouth.  The only problem was Doris, she would have
have to do something about that. She started keeping Tommy nude whenever he was
staying at home. She loved watching him walk around naked with his naked butt
and cute little cock always on display. The power of groping his cock and balls
or putting one of her fingers up the squirming boys asshole whenever she felt
like, gave her quite a rush.

Beth knew she smelt strong and fishy from her cunt, normally it would be a
source of embarrassment for her but she got quite turned on at the thought of
Tommy being made to Sniff her regularly-just like my dog - she thought. In fact
she began to notice that whenever she made Tommy smell her cunt or sweaty
asshole, the boys little cock would get hard, despite the strong odor. She
prohibited Tommy from masturbating and kept him always with a little cockstand.
It was only on the odd occasion that she tossed him off that she would see him
go down for a few minutes.



Soon she was capable of getting Tommy's little cock to stand, just by getting
him to stand in front of her. It was a mixture of fright and sexual fascination
that made Little Tommy always have a cute little hard-on in Beth's presence. To
amuse herself she would play with Tommy's tiny balls and cock while she was
having a drink or watching TV or sometimes when on the phone. She swore it
helped her to think better.

Beth continued to make Tommy sleep in her bed. He would always have to be under
the covers at the foot of her huge bed. Most nights Beth would come home from a
business dinner and would be too tired too take a bath, she would simply take
her clothes off and get into bed. Tommy would tidy up the room and then slip in
under the covers ALWAYS from the bottom of the bed.  Beth liked that. Most
nights Beth would read for a little while and then have Tommy service her orally
before she went to sleep. The nightly licking of Beth's cunt would usually take
the better part of an hour as Beth would insist on at least cumming two or three
times before she was relaxed in enough to go to sleep. On some occasions she
would lie on her stomach and lift one leg up making it easier for Tommy to
spread her big ass cheeks and lick her asshole. This always relaxed Beth and she
would usually fall asleep soon. She was really addicted to getting her Bottom
attended to by her own little Bumboy. After the first few licks Tommy would wipe
away all sweat and the slime from her entire crack. He would like to do this
fast and quickly as it made the smell go away a bit. Sustained licking of her
"rosebud" as Beth liked to call it resulted in her slowly opening up for Tommy.
Tommy knew he had to reach as deep inside as he could to clean her up
completely. Beth was fond of clenching her bottom periodically and pulling his
tongue violently inside just to remind him that she hadn't fallen asleep as yet.
The smell of Beth's asshole would be on Tommy's mouth and nose till he had a
bath the next morning. If she were especially dirty at her rear end she would
get Tommy to brush his teeth and wash up before she got him to work on her cunt.
Beth like his Mom always reminded Tommy that it was unhygienic to get little
pieces of muck from her bottom into her pussy.

 

Mostly Beth slept through the night, on rare occasions that she got up and could
not go back to sleep, she would nudge Tommy awake with her foot and get him to
lick her anus some more. Tommy would try to put her back to sleep without
getting her too excited or else he would have to put his mouth back into her
thick bush and suck her pussy till she leaked her juices in his mouth. As Beth
was getting on in age, she would on occasion need to take piss in the early
hours of the morning. Pissing in Tommy's mouth was always an option, but usually
she would sleepily walk to the loo after kicking Tommy awake to follow her.
Tommy would kneel at the pot while Beth would lower her bulk on to the toilet
seat and let go with a strong stream of piss. Tommy waited patiently till Beth
finished, and then reached out and carefully started wiping her dry with the
tissue. On occasions Beth had not quite finished, and she would then continue to
piss in her sleepy state, sometimes on Tommy's outstretched hand. Tommy was
taught to never pull his hand back but to reach with his other hand and wipe her
again when she was finally finished. He sometimes thought she did this on
purpose but could never be sure.      


If Beth woke up in the morning without taking a piss at night, she would always
then piss in Tommy's mouth. There were almost no exceptions to this. "Wee Wee
time Tommy" she would whisper under the covers and Tommy would quickly attach
his open mouth to her pussy. Beth would wait a few minutes before starting to
piss as she enjoyed keeping the little boy in suspense. Meanwhile Tommy would
wait patiently with his mouth wide open covering her tiny hole. Suddenly, with
all the force she could muster she would dreamily release her bladder into
Tommy's mouth. Initially Tommy would splutter and cough trying to keep up with
the flow, but as Beth got really cross if her sheets got wet, he got really good
at swallowing everything. Beth would smile to herself and stretch luxuriously as
she forced the last remnants of her urine into the boy's mouth.


 On most mornings she would get Tommy to suck her pussy before she got lazily
out of bed. She would save her pubic shampoos for times when she had a late
start to work and wanted to indulge in a lengthy session of homage to her
crotch. This would be at least twice during the week. She would constantly
humiliate the young boy while he was doing her. Reminding him that he was only
good enough to lick and suck her secretions. "I hope you realize how lucky you
are that that I am letting you grow up on my juices" or "You little bastard
that's not good enough" were her constant words of encouragement.     


Beth started punishing Tommy for even the slightest infraction. Sometimes she
hit him without any reason. Slapping Little Tommy's face never ceased to get her
warmed up and moist. Slowly she started getting quite violent with him. This
usually took place before she had Tommy service her on weekends. She would not
just smack him across the face, she would make him kneel down between her legs
and take huge swinging slaps across his face, which usually sent poor Tommy to
the floor. Despite Tommy's eagerness to move his mouth on to her crotch to avoid
any further beating, she would continue to strike him until her pussy was
soaking wet and the angry red lips would be glistening through her thick stiff
black pubic hair. She would then catch Tommy by the hair and rub his nose
through her thick red pussy lips for a while before lowering her tired body on
to a chair and directing the boys mouth to her clit. Her pussy by now would
smell quite strong, but that was the least of Tommy's problems as he worked
rapidly and methodically to making Beth cum.    

From obedience Tommy moved to total subservience and Beth's complete body
servant. He unthinkingly would jump to her every command .The only thing that
Beth had not done was shit in the poor boys mouth. She had thought about it but
somehow was saving it for the future. Anyway, she had Dolores to worry about
first.

Dolores was Beth's elder sister. She was 55 years old and looked it. She was a
no-nonsense kind of a person who lived all her spinster life in country clubs
and afternoon bridge games. She was wealthy and spent most of her time with her
geriatric pals in Florida. Dolores would visit Beth once a year, but ever since
in a moment of weakness she had "lent" Susan to Dolores, Big sister had
developed a sudden fondness for Beth and came to visit every other month now.
Dolores was now due to visit next week and she began to wonder about Tommy.


Scarface750@yahoo




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Donald


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





