BDSM Library - Rose Takes a Day Off




Rose Takes a Day Off
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Rose was the high school bitch. She came from a wealthy family and thought she could have anything she wanted. Now, she is in college, but her attitude has not changed. One of the people Rose used to pick on constantly in high school, Richard, now looks to adjust Rose's attitude. Richard blackmails and kidnaps her, leading her into a life of slavery. Will she be able to maintain her snobbish attitude or will her new life teach her something about respect?
Rose Takes a Day Off

By

BDSM_Tourguide



Prologue: The Set-Up


      Rose was nineteen, her parents were wealthy, she got just about anything
she asked for and was considered by most, even her friends, to be a super bitch.
She was slim, blonde and fairly tall, about five feet nine inches. She was
always in the most fashionable clothing of the season and her friends swore she
never wore anything more than once.
      To Richard, however, Rose was a fucking bitch and would soon get taken
down off her high horse a few notches.
      Richard was the bookish type, not terribly popular, except with the
computer geek, Dungeons and Dragons playing group he hung out with. Richard had
one girlfriend all through high school, but she moved away to Colorado for
college. She hadn't been a knockout or anything, but she had been a sweet girl
and she played Dungeons and Dragons, too, so Richard didn't complain.
      Despite his high school romance, Richard was still fixated on Rose. The
way she belittled everyone and talked down her nose to people of lower status
than here made him sick. But what really pissed him off was that she took every
possible opportunity to cut him down and make him feel ridiculous. Since junior
high school Richard had been Rose's whipping boy. Well, all that was about to
change, if Richard had his way.
     
     
      One dull Friday, Rose decided to skip her classes and go to the mall. She
was so bored with college already, and this was only her first semester. She
didn't even know why she was going. Her family was rich and she would never
really have to work, unless she wanted to anyway, so why bother with all this
college crap anyway? But her daddy insisted that, unless she finished school,
she wouldn't get the money set aside for her in her trust fund. Plus, he
promised her a one month trip to Europe for a graduation present and she totally
wanted to see Paris and Milan. She could just picture herself buying clothes
straight from the designers in Italy and France. Oh she could just see it!
      So, Rose headed out of her private dorm room and to the parking lot. For
some stupid reason, the college insisted that all entering freshmen had to stay
in the dorms for the first two semesters. It was so degrading. The only had
basic cable, no DSL line at all and she had to share a washroom with another
girl in the room adjoining hers. Like, how nasty was that? Having to shower
after some middle class tramp? Rose sometimes had to force herself not to throw
up at the thought.
      Rose tried quietly to clear her head and thought about the fun she would
have shopping today instead of going to stupid old Economics and English
Literature. Could they make classes more boring?
      Rose pulled her BMW convertible into the parking lot and walked into the
mall. She went straight to the most expensive store and began looking at the
costliest skirts, shoes and bags. She purchased a skirt, a pair of shoes and a
new handbag. As soon as the items were paid for, she took the tags off the new
purse and transferred all her stuff from the old purse to the new one. She
tossed the old purse into the garbage on the way out of the store.
      A thought struck her and she grinned wickedly, turning into the women's
undergarments and lingerie section of the store. She found a couple of pairs of
skimpy thong panties and a black silk nightshirt that would be just divine to
sleep in. Looking around and seeing no one in the area, she popped the three
items into her new purse and headed out of the store, not looking back.
      Had she looked back, she would have seen Richard watching her leave the
store, an evil smile on his face as she walked out haughtily.
      Rose went next to Victoria's Secret. She browsed through all sorts of
items. She looked at lotions, oils, bras, panties, teddies and stockings. Most
of the stuff in the store didn't interest her. She knew she was sexy, but she
knew that no man without a seven figure income would ever touch her, so she
didn't see any real need to buy teddies and garter belts. Besides, all the
effort to get into and out of that shit was unnecessary work. She liked panties,
though, and she loved scented oils for her bath, when she was at daddy's house,
and she loved scented skin creams.
      Rose bought a bottle of bath oil and a jasmine scented skin cream. She did
not pay for the black fishnet thong, bra and stockings that were in her purse.
She walked confidently out of the store and on to the next store. She thought
nothing at all of taking the items without paying for them.
      But Richard watched. He watched every move she made intently. He tried to
keep out of sight as much as he could, but it was a little tough to do in the
lingerie shop. He kind of looked a lot out of place following her around the
store. He soon found that Rose was too caught up in herself and her thoughts to
pay much attention to anything going on around her, so Richard followed along
and quietly watched.
      Rose went to a music store and bought three CDs. She didn't steal anything
there, though. She knew they had those alarms in the packages on stuff like
that. Afterward, Rose went to another department store and shopped the clothing
there. She stole a mini tank top there, after buying a pair of jeans and a hat.
She stopped for lunch and to take her packages to her car. She put her bags in
the trunk along with all her misbegotten gains. Richard quietly watched.
      Returning to the mall, Rose went to several more stores, stealing from
every one of them. Richard noticed most of what she stole was small items like
bras, panties and t-shirts. To his astonishment, though, the gutsy bitch even
got away with stealing a two thousand dollar bracelet from a jewellery store.
Richard was astonished to watch her. She took the bracelet right out from under
the girl behind the counter's nose. Rose had the girl show her several bracelets
and rings to see what she liked the best and what looked good. While the girl
was replacing a couple of items in the display case, Rose quickly slid her
bracelet off the counter into one of the bags she had from another store.
Deciding she didn't want anything, Rose left the store and the soon to be
unemployed salesgirl behind without a second though.
      Rose thought she should call it a day and head back to campus. After all,
she had so much new stuff to try on to see how it all looked and what else she
could wear with what she bought today. Besides, it was almost three o'clock and
she should be getting to her afternoon fitness class. Not a college fitness
class, to be sure.
      As Rose pulled out of the parking lot, Richard watched everything with
precise detail, making sure to have a good look at her face, her car, her
license plate and, for good measure, how she ran the stop signs the whole way
out of the lot.
      He smiled delightedly and touched a small button on the side of the
glasses he was wearing. Being a tech geek had its good points, Richard thought.
He picked up this pair of glasses at one of those spy stores that sold all kinds
of cameras and listening devices. This particular pair of glasses had a
micro-lens in one of the stems. A small wire ran from one of the earpieces to a
transmitter clipped to his belt. It looked like a beeper, basically, so no one
noticed it much. The transmitter sent the image of anything Richard looked at to
a DVD recorder back at his dorm. He could start and stop recording at any time
simply by touching either of two small buttons on the left stem of the glasses.
They were ingenious really and he was glad he picked them up when he did.
     
     
     
      Monday morning found Rose back in class, pretending to give a damn about
what her professors were saying. The end of class could not come fast enough for
her. Her first class was economics at nine in the morning, then an hour break in
which she usually ate lunch, then her English literature class, then she was
done for the day.
      Today, though, the English class seemed to just go on and on. Her
professor had to be the most boring woman in the world. And her clothes were so
eighties. This woman wouldn't know fashion if it smacked her in the head. She
was probably a dyke anyway.
      When her class was finally over, Rose returned to her dorm. She stopped
and checked the mail on the way inside. To her surprise, there was an odd little
white envelope in her box. It was one of those disc mailers that people send CDs
in. Rose wondered why there would be one in her box. She looked at the mailing
label, but all it said was:
     
      Rose
      Beverly Towers Dormitory
      Room 303
     
      There wasn't any return address or anything to give a clue to whom the
mailer might have been. She tucked the little white disc mailer into her bag and
went to the elevators. When she got into her room, she went to pee then opened
the little disc mailer. Inside there was a generic DVD and a little white folded
note. On the front of the note was printed, as if by a computer printer:
     
      Rose,
      Watch the disc, and then read this.
     
      She was a bit less than impressed by the theatrics and all, but she
decided to play along. She turned on her computer and popped the disc into her
DVD drive.
      The screen popped up showing the inside of a vehicle. In front of the
vehicle was a red BMW convertible with the top down. In the car was a blonde
girl with her hair blowing in the wind. Rose instantly recognized that the car
was hers and the girl in the car was, in fact, her. She began to get scared, but
continued to watch as the disc showed Rose's car pulling into the parking lot of
the mall.
      "Oh shit!" Rose almost shouted. She clicked on the stop button on the DVD
screen and quickly turned from the screen. Her eyes fell on the little folded
piece of paper next to the now empty disc mailer on her bed. She thought maybe
she was being paranoid, although she had a good idea what was going to be on the
disc. She turned back to her computer and played the disc again.
      She sat and watched as some unknown person followed her around the mall,
showing her making all of her purchases, but also showing her making several
unpaid for transactions in several different stores. The video showed her even
go out to her car and empty the new purse she had bought and go back and steal
more stuff. The crowning moment of the video had to be when the person caught
her stealing the expensive bracelet, which she was now wearing. There was even a
slow motion instant replay clearly showing her sliding the bracelet from the
counter into one of her bags. And, as if that wasn't bad enough, the creep that
filmed her even showed her running stop signs through the parking lot out of the
mall. At the end of the video there was a black screen and on the screen in
thick white letters were the words READ THE NOTE.
      Feeling like she was going to puke, but also incredibly angry, Rose
snatched up the note and read it. The note was printed out on a computer and it
read:
     
      Rose,
      I can send copies of that disc to police, to your father and mother and to
every store in that mall. I can also put the video out on the internet and show
the world what a thieving bitch you are.
      If you would like to avoid spending some time in jail and facing the
strong possibility that your father will cut off your money, then meet me at the
football field, on the 50 yard line, at 1AM tonight.
      R.
     
      P.S. Rose, you committed a felony when you stole that bracelet.
     
      Rose was pissed! She tore the note into small pieces and threw them into
the toilet and flushed them.
      The girl that shared the washroom with Rose poked her head into the
washroom. Rose looked up, frightened.
      "Sorry if I startled you." The girl said. "I was wondering if I could
borrow some tampons. I'm on the rag and I ran out. Can I get some from you?"
      Rose spat back at the girl angrily, "What the fuck do I look like, a
fucking pharmacy? Go buy your own god damn tampons, if you can afford them, you
poor white trash."
      Rose stomped out of the washroom and slammed the door. The girl next door
screamed out that she was a bitch and slammed her own washroom door. Rose sat on
her bed and fumed. She didn't deserve this shit from anyone. She was among the
elite. This kind of thing only happened to poor people that lived in trailers
and shopped at Wal-Mart.
      She started to call her daddy, but she stopped when she realized that the
jewellery store would show that they were one two thousand dollar bracelet short
at the end of day on Friday. She wanted to scream and to throw stuff and break
it.
      "Fuck!" She cried out. "Fuck this! Whoever that son of a bitch is, he's
going to pay for this."
      A thought occurred to Rose. Her daddy had a gun and she knew where he kept
it. Maybe she could go over to his house and get it and then when she met him
tonight she could just blow the sick freak's head off.
      But then the police would investigate. They would find out about the disc.
Rose groaned and collapsed on her bed. What was she going to do? How could she
get out of it? Why was this happening to her? It wasn't fair!
      Eventually, Rose's mind gave up on figuring the situation out and she fell
asleep fitfully. When she woke up, she immediately ran to the washroom and threw
up. Her nerves got the better of her stomach and she couldn't help it. As she
vomited, she noticed her suitemate had left a bloody tampon floating in the
toilet. Rose was thoroughly disgusted as she had to smell and look at the filthy
thing as she puked her guts up.
      When she was finished, she flushed the toilet and gargled with mouthwash
to get the horrible taste out. She went back into her dorm room and checked the
clock. It was about nine o'clock.
      She sat down and thought about to what to do. She figured whoever had sent
her the video wanted to blackmail her for money. Everyone knew her daddy was
rich, so that seemed the most logical thing to her. She could handle that. Daddy
never asked where she spent any of the money anyway. He probably wouldn't even
notice if she had to pay off a blackmailer.
      She began to feel more at ease. Now that she finally had a plan and she
knew how to deal with the situation, she felt a lot better, more in control. She
turned on her television and watched one of those popular crime dramas everyone
kept raving about. Rose didn't quite get them, but watched them anyway to have
something to talk about with her friends after classes.
      After an hour or so, she got up and put the note and the DVD in her purse,
then thought better of it. It was the same purse she had bought Friday at the
mall. She changed purses, selecting a small purse just big enough to hold her
wallet, a lipstick, the disc and the note.
      She then went and took a shower, trying to feel a little less dirty and a
little more human. She washed her hair and face, shaved her pussy, legs and
armpits and then got out and dried off. She returned to her room and dressed.
She put on a tight pair of low-cut jeans and a t-shirt that showed her midriff.
She put her hair up in a pony tail, put on her watch, painted her fingernails
and toenails and put on a pair of open-toe sandals. She figured if she dressed
up nicely and used her looks, she could get the blackmailer off guard and turn
the situation to her advantage.
      Once she was clean and dressed, she sat back down and watched TV for a
little while longer. The longer she watched and the more she though about her
situation, the better she felt. She figured she would be done with this nonsense
and back to her normal life again in no time. Fuck this little prick, whoever he
was. He should know better than to fuck with her. She would pay him his money
and he would get what he wanted, but she would make damn sure that she found out
who he was and destroy the bastard completely when she could. After all, daddy
was a lawyer. He knew how to destroy peoples' lives. She was sure she could
gather enough information from him to make this blackmailing son of a bitch
regret the day he ever saw her.
      About half past twelve, she picked up her purse and left for the football
field. She decided not to drive. She didn't really think it was necessary; the
field was only a few blocks from her dorm.
     
     
      Richard sat in the bleachers at the field, waiting. He hated waiting, but
he did not want Rose getting there before him. The big field lights were off,
but the night lights were on so the field was lit, but not incredibly brightly.
He really didn't want her to see him when she walked in, but he wasn't going to
go out on a limb to conceal his appearance either, at least not a great deal. He
had bought a mask to conceal his face, but he wasn't really sure if he was going
to wear it or not. He wanted this to be a shock for Rose, but he didn't know
what would make the bigger impression on her. He figured he would wear the mask,
just for the hell of it. He could always take it off after he got her where he
wanted her.
      Next to him on the bleachers, where he had left it, was a black duffle
with supplies he thought he would need to pull off this little stunt of his. In
the bag were several lengths of rope, duct tape, a knife, scissors, handcuffs, a
high powered flashlight and a stun gun. He wasn't going to take any chances.
Tonight was going to go off just like he wanted it to.
      Richard heard something off to his right. He looked over and saw Rose
coming in the rusty gate to the football field. She walked right past him and
out to the fifty yard line. She was looking about nervously and clutching her
little bag to her side as if someone might come and mug her here on the field.
The night lights of the stadium weren't producing much light, but Richard could
see her slender body in the low cut jeans and t-shirt.
      What a slut, he thought. She probably thinks she's going to make me lose
my determination by thinking how cute she looks. That sounds like something she
would do.
      Her arrogance and vanity made Richard even angrier. He was more convinced
than ever that she was a dumb fucking cunt that needed to be taught a lesson.
And she was going to get her lesson, starting tonight. No ifs, and or buts about
it; she would never forget this experience.
      He took the flashlight out of his duffle bag. He also took out the stun
gun and stuffed it in his back pocket. He started walking quietly down the
bleachers to the field. He was only sitting five rows up so it didn't take long.
He pulled the mask on and stepped onto the track that circled the perimeter of
the field. He walked out onto the dewy grass.
      Rose was still looking around and had a look like a deer caught in the
headlights of an oncoming car. She didn't see or hear Richard approaching until
he was nearly standing right behind her. She turned around and shrieked in
surprise. As soon as she turned around, Richard flipped on the flashlight and
shone it right in her face to further conceal his features. He put the duffle
bag down on the ground next to him.
      "Hello Rose." He said, trying to make his voice sound deeper than it was.
He had known her for years; after all, he didn't want her recognizing his voice.
He doubted she would anyway, as little attention that she actually paid him.
"I'm glad to see you came. And a few minutes early. That was nice of you."
      "Look, scumbag. Let's just get this shit over with." Rose snapped at her
blackmailer. "How much do you want?"
      "How much?" Richard was a bit perplexed. He wasn't sure what she meant,
and then it dawned on him. "Oh no, Rose, this isn't about money at all. This is
about you learning a few things about life. This is about you learning that you
can't just go through your life running over people and treating them like
garbage."
      "Oh fuck you, you sick little prick!" Rose shot back at him. "I can to go
through my life running over people. If they don't want to get run over than
they need to get the hell out of my way. Do you know who my daddy is? He eats
people like you for lunch, you piece of shit. You don't get it, do you? I'm
better than you. I always will be.
      "So, you said you don't want money. What do you want then?" She asked,
putting her hands on her hips and looking quite indignant to have to be standing
here with some annoying, possibly crazed, person.
      Anger flashed through Richard, but he kept his cool. He wasn't going to
let her get to him and fuck this up.
      "I want you, Rose. I'm going..."
      She interrupted him immediately. "Well, you can't have me, you fucking
sick shit. What are you some kind of pervert? You think you're going to get a
little head out of this? You video me stealing some clothes and you think I'm
just going to cave like some stupid tart on a horror movie? You really are
stupid aren't you?"
      Richard stopped and stared at her. He doubted she even realized the irony
of what she was saying to him. He wasn't even angry. In fact, he almost laughed
at her.
      "Fine." He said, and turned to walk away, switching off the flashlight. "I
will send out copies of the dick to everyone I can think of tomorrow morning.
Have a nice life, Rose. Enjoy prison."
      Searing anger coursed through Rose's body, but more than that there was a
nagging knot in her gut that just wouldn't let this guy walk of and turn her in
to the police. As much as she hated to admit it, the fucker had her where he
wanted her. She hated that! She could stand being in someone else's power. She
was supposed to be the one controlling other, weaker people. After all, the
idiots she ran into daily were beneath her. Why couldn't they just accept it and
move on? She just wanted her BMW, her beach house and a platinum credit card
that her daddy paid for every month.
      Swallowing her pride, or maybe not swallowing it, but pushing it aside for
a moment, she said, "Wait."
      Richard turned back around a few feet from her. He turned the flashlight
back on her and started to walk slowly back toward her.
      "Don't go." Rose said. "What do you want me to do?"
      She almost sniffled when she said it. She knew this sick pervert was going
to take advantage of her. Make her suck his dick or maybe make her fuck him. She
knew she couldn't take it. She already felt like she would throw up again and if
this person touched her, she knew she would. At least she would have the
satisfaction of aiming at him.
      Richard put his bag back down next to his feet.
      "Turn around and put your hands behind your back." He said. He bent to the
bag and removed the roll of duct tape from inside it.
      Furiously, Rose did as she was told. She turned around and clasped her
hand behind her back. Richard looked at her for a second and noticed her purse
was still over her shoulder.
      "Put your purse on the ground." Richard insisted.
      She slid the strap from her shoulder and set the purse on the wet grass
next to her freshly painted toe nailed feet. She resumed her previous position
with her hands behind her back.
      Good girl, Richard thought. I didn't even have to tell you to put your
hands behind your back again. Maybe there's a little submissive bitch locked
inside all that fucking cunt of a shell after all.
      Richard put the flashlight down and walked directly behind her. She was
trembling, probably a lot more frightened than she was letting on. Quickly, he
wound the roll of duct tape around her wrists several times.
      Rose stiffened. "What are you doing?" She asked incredulously. She tried
to look over her shoulder at him, to maybe see who he was. Maybe she could catch
a glimpse of his face.
      Richard cut her attempt short, though. He tore off a short piece of tape
and covered her mouth with it. He noticed how wild her eyes went when he did
that as he fastened his fist in her silky hair and pulled her quickly to the
ground. She was making some small noises, both in pain and protest, as she was
first pulled to her knees, and then pushed forward onto her belly in the damp
grass.
      Richard pulled her sandals off, setting them aside. "You won't need
those." He said. He then wrapped her ankles in the duct tape, making sure not to
catch the cuffs of her jeans in the tape. He reached back into the duffle bag
and removed the knife and scissors. He cut her shirt right up the middle of her
back, and then cut down the backs of the sleeves, pulling the ruined bit of
cloth off of her when he had the fabric cut through. Rose began to squirm and
whimper in earnest. She was becoming afraid for her life. Good, Richard thought.
Let her fucking worry.
      He cut the cuffs and waistband of her jeans with the knife, and then split
right down the backs of both legs of the fabric with the scissors. He pulled the
jeans out from under her as the denim fell aside.
      And there the mighty Rose lay, naked in the wet grass of the football
field. The little slut cunt hadn't even put on any bra or panties. What a tramp.
Richard chuckled to himself.
      "What's the matter, slut?" Richard asked teasingly. "Didn't want to wear
any of those new panties you stole tonight? I can't believe what a fucking slut
bitch you are."
      She wanted to scream at him that she wasn't. She was no slut. She hadn't
even had sex, except with like three guys in high school. She couldn't defend
herself, though. She felt so afraid. She was alone and naked in the power of
some sick perverted guy that was about to do only God knew what to her.
      She jumped as she felt the cold steel of the handcuffs against her skin.
Richard slipped them on her wrists over the tape and ratcheted them shut. He
made them uncomfortably tight on purpose. He didn't want her slipping out of
them. He took the knife and cut the tape off her wrists, pulling it off and
setting it aside with her clothes and her purse.
      To be fair, Rose did try to fight Richard, but given her situation and the
fact that she had no idea what to do in her circumstance, she could do little
more than squirm on the ground and whimper at him.
      Warm tears were running down her cheeks. She never cried about anything.
She felt that it made her weak and she couldn't have that. But she cried now.
She was scared and she didn't know what this guy was going to do to her. She
just wanted her daddy. She wanted to be back at home with him and not thinking
about being raped by some freaky pervert.
       Rose noticed her attacker gathering up her things nearby. He put the
remains of her clothes and her purse into his black duffle bag and replaced his
item as well. He then picked up the bag and walked off without any explanation
at all.
      Oh my god! She thought. Was he just going to leave her here? Was this what
he had in mind? To leave her stripped naked and helpless on the fifty yard line
of the college football field? Her mind reeled at the humiliation. She would
never be able to live that down. All her friends would see her. Everyone would
make fun of her. Oh god. He couldn't leave her here like this. She would just
die.
      She shrieked, or would have shrieked if her mouth wasn't covered in duct
tape, when the man suddenly picked her up and over his shoulder. She was
reminded of the Tarzan movies where Tarzan threw Jane over his shoulder and
swung off into the jungle on a vine. Except she wasn't Jane, she was Rose. And
this guy was no Tarzan, he was scary.
      So, over the shoulder of her abductor she went. He walked out of the
stadium to the parking lot. Soon, Rose found herself being placed, rather
unceremoniously, into the back end of a black Chevy Blazer, then a thick blanket
was thrown over her and all was dark. She heard the man close the back of the
vehicle, and then she heard the driver's door open and a key being shoved into
the ignition. The engine turned over and the vehicle began to move. Rose had the
sinking feeling that she would never see her friends or family again, and it was
all because she stole a stupid bracelet. She never felt so stupid in her life.
      From the front of the truck she heard her abductor say. "Relax, Rose, your
life is about to take a wonderful and drastic turn for the better."
      The Blazer drove into the night.




Chapter One: Beginning the Process


	Rose rode in the back of her abductor's vehicle for what seemed like
forever. She noticed that, occasionally, he would open the window partially to
smoke a cigarette. She could smell the smoke and the outside air. She noticed
that the air eventually began to smell less like the city and more like the
country. It had that outdoors quality to it.
	Sometime during the night, the man pulled over into a gas station to
fill the tank. No matter how she tried, Rose couldn't squirm enough to move the
blanket off of her, or make enough noise to be heard outside of the Blazer. She
thought about trying to slip her wrists out of the cuffs like she saw people do
sometimes on television, but it was no use, he had secured them tightly on her
wrists. Eventually, he finished gassing up and paying the attendant and they
were again on their way to where ever they were going.
	After what Rose guessed to be an hour or so, the Blazer made a turn and
the road got really rough. It seemed the tires were dipping frequently and the
whole vehicle would tilt to one side or another on occasion.
	After a few more minutes the vehicle came to a stop. Rose heard the man
get out of the vehicle and a few seconds later, the back hatch was opened. He
pulled the blanket off of her, but immediately put that damned flashlight back
in her face. She couldn't see enough of him to tell who he was or even if she
knew him. She didn't think he had the mask she had seen him wearing on anymore,
though. He grabbed her by the arm and told her to get out. In a few seconds, she
was standing at the rear of the vehicle next to her abductor. He gave her a hard
push and she fell backwards on her ass.
	"You don't stand up anymore. You either sit or kneel, depending on what
I say. Do you understand, Rose?" He asked her roughly.
	Rose's only response was to look up at him sharply with a fuck you very
much look on her face.
      The man took a step forward and put his foot on her throat, pushing her
backwards against the dirt she in which she was sitting. He began to apply
pressure to her throat with his boot.
      "I asked you a question, slut girl. Do you understand what I said?" The
man asked her again, even more roughly than before.
      Rose nodded, fearfully, almost imperceptibly, as much as she could under
his boot. He held it there for a few seconds longer, and then took his foot off
her throat. He flipped off the flashlight and reached down and dragged her to
her knees by her hair. She winced in pain and made some kind of whimpering
noise; not that he cared. Having her on her knees served a practical purpose for
right now.
      "I suggest you piss." Richard said. "You won't have another opportunity
until tomorrow morning."
      Rose looked up at her captor and instant recognition flashed across her
face. Her pure shock made Richard laugh out loud.
      "That's right, Rose. It's me, Richard. Don't look so surprised. I figured
you would expect someone to put your smart, smug ass in its place eventually."
      Rose made a noise, as if trying to say something. Richard wouldn't give
her the pleasure of speaking just yet. Instead, he repeated his advisory for her
to empty her bladder now, because if she didn't do it now, she would have to
wait at least six hours.
      Despite the embarrassment of having this man standing over her naked body
and watching her, Rose pissed in the dirt right there at the back of his Blazer.
Some of the warm liquid ran down her thigh to her knee. She could feel it making
a small, warm pool there. She thought about how disgusting that was and shivered
a little in revulsion. She didn't even like it when her pee got on her hand when
she went to wipe herself. She had to wash herself immediately if that ever
happened.
      "Good girl. Don't make me repeat things. You won't like that very much."
      She looked up at him again and nodded a little. She looked around to take
in her surroundings as best as she could. The Blazer's lights were still on and
the back hatch was still open, so there were a couple of sources of light for
her to see in the gloom.
      They were in the woods, at the end of a rough dirt road. The Blazer was
parked in front of a small wooden shack. To one side of the shack was a simple
dog pen made of chain fencing. It was about four feet wide and tall and about
six feet long, by Rose's estimate. Not that she had ever had to estimate the
dimensions of a dog pen before. Rose didn't care for dogs much. They stunk and
they were loud and they drunk out of the toilet. On the other side of the shack
was a small shed, presumably for the keeping of tools and such.
      As Rose continued to look around, she noticed there were no visible street
lights, no city lights of any kind and she couldn't hear any cars or animals.
She knew with some degree of fear that they were out in the middle of nowhere.
Richard had probably picked this place so she could scream and no one would
hear. Her heart sank. Maybe he was planning to kill her later. She never thought
little Richard, the chess club geek, could be capable of killing anyone.
      Richard had grown, though, she noticed as he was unpacking his duffel bag
and another bag from the Blazer and taking them into the cabin. He had put on
probably thirty pounds since she had seen him last. He was not fat, but trim. A
little taller, she thought, too, but her perspective from the ground was a
little distorted. His almost black hair was cut short, not shaggy like it was in
high school.
      She noticed a light come on in the cabin, but it didn't look like a light
from a bulb. Soon after, Richard reappeared in the doorway holding a lantern. He
walked to the Blazer and turned off the light, and then came to the back of the
vehicle and closed the back hatch, plunging the whole area into darkness, except
for the light coming from the lantern. Rose was suddenly afraid, more afraid
than she had been to this point. She was alone, except for this man that could
kill her or do whatever he wanted with her. She was in the middle of nowhere. No
one would hear her screaming. No one would find her body for months, if ever.
Tears suddenly rolled down her cheeks as she sobbed softly.
      Richard took no notice of her tears. He grabbed her by the hair again and
pulled her back onto her ass. She was now sitting in the cooling puddle of her
own urine. She was vaguely disgusted, but not for long. Richard pulled a knife
from his belt and Rose shrieked behind her duct tape gag. He was going to kill
her! He reached down between her ankles and cut the duct tape holding them
together. Rose kicked out at him and her foot hit him squarely in the chest. He
fell backwards in the dirt on his butt.
      "What did you do that for?" He asked. "You got my pants all dirty."
      He got up off the ground and crouched back in front of her. She tried
kicking out at him again, but he grabbed her ankle in his free hand. With the
other hand, he turned the knife over so that the handle was facing her. He
thumped her right on the tip of her nose with the solid handle of the knife.
      It hurt like hell! Rose fell back and tried to grab at her stinging nose.
Her eyes filled with tears and she could feel warm blood running down the sides
of her face. She laid there and tried to clear her vision and let the pain go
away.
      "Don't do that again." Richard said, very calmly. "The nicer you are to
me, the nicer I will be to you. If you hurt me, I will hurt you worse. If you
try to run away, I will find you and punish you. If you do not do exactly as I
say, I will beat you and then punish you. Like I told you back at school, your
life is about to take a change. It should be a good change, but it can go very
badly for you if you don't cooperate. One way or another, the outcome is going
to be the same. You're going to learn to be a good little slut girl by the time
this is all over."
      Slut girl, Rose cried out in her head. Who does he think he is? And who
does he think I am? That rat bastard! I'm not a slut. I'm a very good girl!
      "Anyway, stinky girl, it's late and I want to go to bed. Let's get you put
away, shall we?"
      She wondered what he meant. She would find out soon. He took her by the
hair and pulled her to her feet. He walked her to the dog pen and pulled her
back to the ground again, all the way to her belly this time. He held her down
with his foot while he rummaged in his pocket and took out a ring of keys. He
unlocked a padlock on a chain holding the dog pen door closed. He pulled back
the latch and swung the door open and looked down at Rose.
      "Crawl your ass in there, slut." He said, taking his foot off her back.
      She looked at him, then at the dirty cage in which he wanted her to enter.
She looked back at him as if he must be kidding. She could see he was not.
      Sighing, Richard took the knife out again and turned it over in his hand.
Rose was up on her knees immediately and crawling into the cage. Richard smiled
at her and put the knife away. He closed the gate behind her, threw the latch
and locked the padlock on the chain holding the cage door closed. He then picked
up the lantern and walked into the cabin, leaving her there, alone.
      There Rose was, in a dirt floored dog cage, her hands cuffed behind her
back, her mouth duct taped closed. She was covered in her own piss and blood as
well as caked with dirt and mud. Her nose still ached as did her wrists from the
cuffs. She could smell herself, too. She stunk of her piss. She wanted to gag,
but if she threw up, she knew she would wither drown in it or have to swallow it
back down.
      Mostly, though, she was alone. She was outside in the dark woods, cuffed
in a steel cage and alone. It was very dark, the kind of dark it is only in the
woods in the middle of nowhere. She was afraid, too. She didn't know if a wild
animal might rip into the cage and eat her or if she was secure.
      Soon, Rose could smell something cooking. It smelled like chicken soup.
She looked about and noticed a stovepipe protruding from the roof near the side
of the cabin where her cage was situated. She was hungry. She hadn't eaten in
hours and the smell of the soup was making her drool, despite herself and her
own stink. But never did Richard come out to offer her anything. In fact,
several long moments after she smelled the soup cooking, the light went out in
the cabin. Richard had gone to bed without feeding her or giving her a second
though, just like he would any dog kept in this pen.
      An hour or so later, Rose finally curled into a ball on the dirt floor of
the cage and slept. It was chilly out, but not cold, in the May evening. Rose
fell asleep in the quiet, dark woods. She rested peacefully, despite her
predicament.
      In the cabin, Richard snored softly, a small smile on his face. He had
gone to sleep with a full stomach and a proud feeling in his chest that his plan
was coming together so well. He figured he would have the dirty slut trained in
less than a month, if all went well. As soon as he could get that shitty
attitude of hers under control, she would be more pliable. Then he would finish
training her. Once she was finished, he would think about returning her to
society.
      If she was good.




Chapter Two: Coming to Terms


	Early the next morning, Rose was suddenly and cruelly awakened by the
shocking experience of being sprayed with a cold water hose. Richard stood
outside her cage and sprayed her from head to toe as Rose twisted and writhed in
the cold stream of water. By the time he was finished, she was soaking wet,
curled into a tight ball in the corner of the cage with her knees tucked against
her chest trying to keep as much water off her as possible, she was squealing
behind the still-present piece of duct tape, she was very cold and she was
mostly caked in mud.
	"That's your bath, Rose." Richard said. "It doesn't look like you got
very clean, muddy slut. Oh well. You will learn to stand up, stooped over in the
cage and bear the water if you want to be clean. Otherwise, you'll just have to
go the day being a dirty little piggy like you are today."
	Richard unlocked the padlock and pulled the latch, opening the cage
door. He told her to get out and get on her knees next to him while he locked
the door. She shook her head furiously at him and pushed herself against the
back of the cage. Richard sighed and took what looked like an elongated
fireplace poker of a nail hammered into the side of the cabin near the dog pen's
entrance. He walked to the rear of the pen and started poking Rose roughly in
the ribs and back, driving her forward. He could hear her trying to scream
behind her makeshift gag. As she was driven forward, Richard walked along the
outside of the cage, thrusting the poker through the fence, constantly driving
Rose forward. She stumbled toward the front of the cage. It only took a moment
to get her to the door, but to Rose it seemed like forever. Her sides and back
and legs throbbed where ever Richard had poked her with that awful poker.
	However, as soon as Rose reached the door of the pen, she bolted. She
was up on her feet and running down the dirt road in an instant. She tried to
carry herself as swiftly as her legs would take her away from the cabin. Maybe
she could make it to the road and a car would come along and rescue her before
Richard could catch her.
	"Jesus Christ, you're a moron, Rose." Richard said to himself as he
dropped the poker to the ground and took off after her. She couldn't run
terribly fast with her hands cuffed behind her back.
	He caught up to her in no time. It was inevitable, of course. He caught
her, grabbed her by the hair and threw her to the ground. He pulled his belt off
his pants and viciously beat her, letting the belt fall where it may while she
twisted in agony. Over and over the leather belt cracked down on her skin,
striking her legs, ass, arms, or chest, whatever presented itself as a viable
target. Soon, she was sobbing behind her gag, tears running from her eyes.
Richard did not relent, however. He continued until her body was covered in red
slashes from the belt. The red went nicely with the mud caked on her from her
shower and the dirt covering her from the road. She looked like a pig and
Richard told her that she did. She only laid there in the dirt and sobbed; her
entire body was a flash of pain. She refused to look at him as he berated her
with insults.
	"You dirty piggy bitch! Don't try to run, Rose. It's useless to even
try. The road is miles from here. The nearest town is over a hundred miles from
here. You're not going anywhere, you stupid pig."
	He snatched her up off the ground by her hair and walked her forcefully
back to the cabin. He shoved her roughly against the side of the dog pen and
told her not to move unless she wanted some more of what she just got. He went
and picked up the poker from where he had dropped it. He hung it back on the
nail and then closed the door to her pen and locked it. He walked back over to
her and threw her roughly to the ground. He knelt with a knee in the middle of
her back and took the handcuffs off of her. He turned her over and pulled the
tape off her mouth roughly. She cried out as the tape that had been there for
almost ten hours was ripped from her lips. The area behind the tape was red and
raw.
	Rose looked pathetic, covered head to toe in dirt and mud, tears
streaking her dusty cheeks. Richard took a moment to admire his work. He smiled
down at her as she laid there in the dirt. She wouldn't look at him. She
couldn't bear it. She felt so miserable and so scared. How could Richard the
geek have gotten the better of her? She was the one that used to pick on him
relentlessly in school. She was supposed to be better than him. Little Richard
with his thick glasses, skinny little body and shaggy haircut; he really was a
pathetic thing in high school. And now, here he was kneeling over her
dirt-covered body smiling down at her nudity and shame. How could he do that to
her? It wasn't fair!
	Richard pulled her off the ground by her hair and led her roughly and
quickly over to the shed on the other side of the cabin. He pushed her roughly
against the grainy wooden wall of the outside of the shed. He unlocked the
padlock closing the shed's door and swung the door open. Inside were all kinds
of things. There were power tools, hand tools, hobbles for horses, all sorts of
bits and bridles and tack. There were also several leashes for dogs, collars,
muzzles and the like.
	Richard pulled Rose into the shed with him while he looked over some of
the leather items hanging on the walls. He took down a bright red leather collar
with a metal ring in the front of it. This he put around Rose's neck and buckled
it shut. There was a place on the buckle for a lock so the collar could not be
removed, except by the person with the key. Richard selected a small brass
padlock from the workbench in the shed and locked the collar. He took the small
brass key that would open the lock and threaded it onto his key ring.
	"That's the only thing you will ever be allowed to wear in my presence
while you are here, Rose. That collar is the only bit of clothing you will have
here. Get used to it and come to like it. Now, say thank you." Richard said,
looking over his work, making sure the collar fit properly.
	"Fuck this, Richard!" Rose yelled at him. "You want me to thank you? Are
you some kind of lunatic? I mean..."
	Richard reached up and slapped her hard across the cheek. She looked at
him in total shock, a red hand print coming up on the side of her face. Her eyes
were wide and tear-filled again. She couldn't actually believe he had hit her.
	"Say thank you, piggy. Say 'Thank you, Richard, for the nice collar.'"
	Rose brought her hand up and touched her still-stinging cheek. She
looked away from him, rubbing where he had hit her.
	"Do I need to repeat myself again, Rose?" Richard asked sternly.
	She looked back up at him and said, "No." She looked down again and said
very quietly, "Thank you, Richard, for the nice collar." She flushed bright red
as she said it, not believing her own mouth had made those words.
	"What did you say?" Richard asked. "You'll have to speak up. I didn't
hear you properly."
	"Please, Richard, don't make me..."
	He raised his hand as if to strike her again. She flinched away from him
and cowered slightly.
	Slowly, but loudly, Rose said, "Thank you, Richard, for the nice
collar."
	"You're welcome, piggy." Richard said to her, sweetly. "In fact, that
will be your name for now. I like it and I think it shows your true nature." He
continued, looking her over. "What do you think, Rose?"
	Swallowing her tongue, Rose said, "Whatever you feel is right."
	"Good girl, piggy. Now, say your name for me. I'd like to hear what it
sounds like coming out of your mouth."
	"Please, Richard..." Rose began, but stopped, knowing it was useless.
Again, she swallowed her tongue and her pride and said, "My name is piggy,
Richard."
	"Good girl, dirty little piggy. Now, isn't that better than a slap in
the face?" Richard asked.
	"Yes, it is, definitely." Rose answered quickly.
	"Now, tell me, piggy, why is your name piggy?"
	She looked up at him again, that same stunned, shocked look on her face
as when he'd hit her. She looked at her feet and said, "Because, I like rolling
in the dirt."
	"What was that, piggy? I didn't hear you properly." Richard asked
patiently, looking at her.
	"I like rolling in the dirt." Rose repeated, looking at him. She noticed
him looking back at her and quickly dropped her eyes again. She couldn't bear to
meet his gaze. This was Richard, after all, the chess club nerd from high
school. How could he have ever gotten the better of her like this? He even had
her calling herself piggy just for his amusement. She couldn't believe how mean
he was being and how terrible he was making her feel. Whatever she did to him in
school, surely he couldn't have held a grudge this long about things, could he?
	"Can I ask you a question?" Rose asked tentatively. When Richard nodded
his assent, she continued. "Why are you doing this to me? Was I really such a
terrible person back in high school? I mean, like, I know I picked on you and
stuff, but it was just harmless fun. I never meant anything by it, you know?"
	"Just harmless fun and you never meant anything by it?" Richard shouted.
"Fuck you, Rose! You poked fun at me non-stop for seven years. All through
junior high school and high school you made my life miserable with all of your
teasing. You even had all your friends in on the act. Do you know what it feels
like to be laughed at everyday? Do you know what its like to not be able to go a
single day without someone giving you a wedgie or pushing you down in the halls
or knocking your books down the stairs and then have to listen to all those
people as they laugh at you?"
	Richard was furious. He was pacing the small shed and fuming. His voice
was loud and carried the built up anger of seven years of teenage angst.
	"Hell no, Rose doesn't know a thing about that, because Rose was the
perfect little daddy's girl. She was rich and well-liked by everyone. The whole
world was beneath her consideration and she damned sure couldn't be bothered how
the other students treated her little play toy. It's your fucking fault, Rose,
that I didn't have a life until college. It's your fault that all the
cheerleaders, drill squad, softball players... Hell, every girl in school picked
on me or pinched me or kicked me. And when the football players saw it
happening, they naturally had to get in on the act, too."
	"Every single day was torture for me, Rose. Not that you give a rat's
ass. I hated going to school, because I knew someone was going to either trip me
in the halls or knock my books down the stairs or stick my head in a toilet. Do
you know what that's like? To have your fucking head stuck in some football
player's piss?"
      "No, you don't know do you Rose, because for you, life is just peachy
everyday. What do you have to worry about? Your daddy had all the money you
could spend, you were a cheerleader and were extraordinarily popular, and you
had everyone in the whole school bent on your every word."
      Rose interrupted him and said quickly, "Look, Richard, it's not my fault
you were a geek in school, okay? Some people are just better than others and
some people are just meant to be leaders. I mean look at me, Richard. I am
better than other people. I have everything I want and I always will. So, stop
trying to make it out like it's my fault, you freak. It's not my fault your
parents were losers."
      Rose knew she probably shouldn't have said that as soon as the words came
out of her mouth. He grabbed her by the hair and threw her out of the shed to
the dirt of the drive. He followed her out and was standing over her in a flash.
He pulled the belt from his pants again and began beating her soundly. As he
whipped her, he yelled at her.
      "My parents are not losers, fucking bitch!" Richard screamed as he brought
the belt down across her skin. "They worked hard to make sure we had food and a
nice house and clothes. My dad saved for years to put me in college and when I
got a scholarship, he was so happy. He took his money and actually got to spend
a little on himself. My parents loved me and my sister and they didn't have to
buy our affection. How dare you say something like that, you fucking bitch. How
dare you!"
      Richard fell to his knees in the dirt next to Rose and sobbed. All the
emotion that had been swallowed within him over the years finally came to the
surface just once. Near him, Rose was a stinging, swelling mess. Her body was
striped with many long red stripes from the leather belt. Richard had not spared
and inch of her flesh. She was smart enough to curl into a ball and cover
herself so most of his blows fell on her back and ass. However, many of his
frenzied thrashings hit her arms, legs and feet. She was lying crumpled in the
dirt and weeping. Her entire body ached.
      Still, she couldn't understand where Richard was coming from with his
ranting. It was probably inconceivable for Rose to understand Richard's plight.
After all, she had not had the life he had and she could not know how difficult
school had been for him.
      If Richard had anything to say about the matter, she would know. She would
know exactly how it felt to be humiliated and treated like a second rate piece
of trash. Richard would languish in the knowledge and pleasure of seeing this
prissy little bitch taught what real life was like. Well, okay, maybe not real
life in the job and work and studying sort of sense, but real in the sense that
she would not be a favoured treasure. She wouldn't be daddy's little girl, nor
would she be catered to on a silver platter. She would start learning lessons
and, instead of being served, the luscious and righteous Rose would be the
servant.
      Rose had risen to her hands and knees and was feebly crawling away from
Richard when he snapped to from his wandering. He looked at her trying to flee
and stood up.
      "Did you forget what I told you, Rose? It is miles to the road and many
miles to the nearest phone. Now, get your pretty little ass back over here and
maybe I won't beat you again." Richard said the last part quite sternly to get
his point across.
      She turned and looked at him over her shoulder. She whimpered slightly,
but turned around and started to rise to her feet.
      "No!" Richard commanded. "Just as you are is fine. Crawl back to me. Keep
your head down and don't stop until you see the toes of my boots in front of
your face."
      Rose lowered her head, defeated, for the moment at least, and began to
slowly crawl to Richard's feet. Soon enough, she saw his boots under her face
and she stopped.
      "Good piggy. Now, don't move while I get some things from the shed."
      Rose nodded imperceptibly and stayed right where she was told. She ached
so badly that she would have done about anything to avoid another beating from
him.
      In a moment she heard him close the door to the shed and lock the padlock.
She heard him approach her, but she dared not look up at him. Somehow, she felt
like he might get angry again if she did. His hand went to the ring on the
collar under her chin. He snapped a leash to the collar and then gave her a
little slap on the ass with the riding crop he had picked up from the shed. Rose
squeaked and started crawling; guessing that was what was required of her at
this time.
      Richard directed her to crawl toward the cabin and, as she was headed in
that direction, she suddenly realized she had not yet had the opportunity to go
to the washroom yet this morning. She didn't know if she should bother Richard
with it or not, but she was going to have to go sometime fairly soon.
      He led her up the couple of steps to the covered porch of the cabin and
tied her leash to the railing that ran the front of the porch, except where the
stairs ascended to it. Nearby was an old wooden rocking chair, the kind you
would expect to see in the old western movies. Richard sat down in the rocker.
He placed one foot on Rose's back and rocked with the other foot. He sat and
stared off into the distance, swinging the crop as he rocked. He sighed,
clearing his head and getting his thoughts back into order. He didn't like the
fact that he had gotten emotional in front of Rose. That showed that she still
had some degree of power over him and to him and that was unacceptable.
      Rose squirmed a little as the pressure in her bladder increased.
      "Be still!" Richard ordered.
      "I have to go pee. Can't I use the toilet?" Rose asked, some of the old
tone coming back into her voice.
      Oh that's right, Richard thought to himself. I haven't covered that
particular little point with her yet. He guessed that now would be a good of a
time as any other. He untied the leash from the porch railing.
      "Sure." He said. "Let's go take you to pee."
      He led her to the side of the cabin, just away from the dog pen. Her dog
pen, Rose though. It's not just the dog pen anymore, is it? It's my dog pen;
where I have to live with this insane freak from now until he lets me go or
until I can get the fuck out of here.
      The ground at the side of the cabin was also dirt. It looked as if the
people that used this cabin parked pickup trucks or travel campers in this area.
The dirt area extended probably thirty or forty feet before it became grassy and
then finally gave way to the woods. Richard led her almost to the centre of the
dirt area and stopped her.
      "This area over here is your toilet from now on. You will come over here,
dig a little hole, do your business and bury whatever you do. For now, I will
supervise you, but if you are a good piggy I will let you go potty by yourself.
I'll time you to make sure you don't run away, of course, but you'll still be
able to go alone."
      "Oh this is sick, Richard." Rose said, gritting her teeth. "You want me to
pee in the dirt and then bury it like I'm some kind of cat? That's just nasty."
      "Well, it's exactly what you're going to do. Not only pee but shit, too.
Anytime you have to use the toilet, you will come here to do it. If you have a
problem with that I can always duct tape your piss hole and your asshole shut
until you're ready to pop. I imagine by that time you won't have so much of a
problem going to the washroom where I tell you."
      Rose whined and started to protest, but she knew it wouldn't do any good.
She knew he would just take her back to the cabin and tape her up like he said
he would. She had the distinct impression that he would not have much patience
with her today after what she had said to him earlier. She knew what she said
was right, though. Certain people have certain places in life. Richard's parents
were little people that led little lives. They would never have any money and
they would never amount to a speck of anything in the long run. Richard wouldn't
either, for that matter. He'd probably wind up selling tile at Home Hardware or
wind up being a nurse like his mom and dad. What kind of life was that? Just
doing the same old shit over and over again? Boring is what it was and Rose
would be damned to hell if she would have it for herself. Her parents had taught
her better and she had the money to have any kind of life she wanted.
      Regardless, she dug a little hole in the dirt with her hands and squatted
over it, Richard watching the whole time. Rose pissed in the little hole she
made and turned around to bury it. She caught a whiff of the smell and saw the
foamy little puddle soaking into the soil and retched. She sat there for a
minute just trying not to throw up. Oh god, please don't let me puke, she begged
silently.
      She finally steadied herself and buried her little pool of pee. She waited
for Richard to tell her what to do next. Just wait, she thought. It's not always
going to be so easy, you little prick. I'll fight you. I'm not going to make
things so easy on you all the time. You're going to regret ever bringing me out
here, you jerk son of a bitch.
      "Alright, Rose, let's go. It's time to eat." Richard said, pulling the
leash and guiding her back toward the cabin.
      As they approached the cabin, Richard directed her to go to the pen. He
opened the door and let her in, unclipping the leash from her collar, then
closing and locking the door behind her. As she sat on the dirt covered floor of
the pen, Richard walked into the cabin and began cooking.
      Since it was still fairly early, he decided breakfast would work better
than lunch. He looked through the ice chest he had brought in the night before
and found sausage, eggs and bread and set about making breakfast on the gas
stove.
      The interior of the cabin was actually quite nice, if not a little rustic.
It was a one floor, one room affair, but fairly spacious. The walls, ceiling and
floor were all made of wood, but on the floor, just as one entered the door,
there laid a red woven rug that looked like it might be older then the dirt
covering it. As one walked in the doorway, to the right, against the wall, was a
small bed with clean linens. Richard had thought ahead of time to bring bed
coverings, figuring they would be out here for some time. Settled into the back
wall was a stone fireplace. Directly in front of the fireplace was a collapsible
card table with two folding steel chairs. Against the left wall were the gas
stove, an old porcelain sink and the ice chest Richard had brought. There were
also two long shelves, one above the stove and one above the bed, that held
mostly canned goods, pots and pans, spices, cups, books and all sorts of other
little whatnots. It was a cozy little place and even though it didn't have any
electricity, a person could live out here indefinitely if they knew how to hunt.
      Richard cooked six sausage links, four eggs and four pieces of toast, but
he only ate four of the links, three of the eggs and three pieces of toast. The
rest he saved aside for his helpless little captive.
      Once he was finished eating, he walked out of the cabin, across the porch
and toward the shed.
      Rose shouted from inside the dog pen, "Hey! Aren't you going to feed me?"
      Richard turned and looked back at her. She was up against the gate of the
pen with her fingers hooked through the chain link fence. She was looking after
him as best as she could from her position on the other side of the cabin.
      "Keep your pants on." Richard said. "I'm just going to get your dish."
      He turned and headed again toward the shed. He unlocked the door and went
inside. On the floor were two beaten tin dishes, both circular, measuring about
six inches in diameter. During the regular hunting season they were used to keep
dog food and water in for the hunting dogs. However, they would serve just as
well to feed Rose for now. He picked up the dishes and walked out of the shed,
closing and locking the door behind him. He walked over to the dog pen and
unlocked the door, warning Rose to back away or she would get some more of the
poker.
      Rose backed away from the door and Richard placed the dishes just inside
the gate of the pen. He closed and locked the gate as he returned to the cabin
to get Rose's breakfast. He picked up the skillet he had left her eggs, sausage
and toast in and walked back outside to the pen. He noted the eggs were pretty
cold by now and the sausage looked fairly lukewarm. Perfect, he thought.
      After opening the cage door again, he scraped the scraps from the skillet
into one of the tin dishes. Leaving the skillet on top of the cage momentarily,
Richard got the water hose, which was connected to a spigot at the front left
corner of the cabin, and filled the other dish with water. He closed and locked
the cage, picked up the skillet and headed back inside the cabin.
      "Enjoy." Richard said as he walked away from the pen.
      As soon as Rose heard the cabin door close, Rose scrambled over to the two
dishes. Even thought he thought of eating like this was degrading, she was so
damned hungry that she didn't care if he had thrown the food on the ground, she
would have eaten it anyway. She shovelled eggs into her mouth with her fingers
and ate one of the sausages along with the eggs. The other she wrapped in a
piece of toast and ate the two together. She then picked up the water dish and
drunk almost all of it in several long gulps. She even licked her fingers clean
when she was done. She hadn't realized how famished she was. She could have
eaten more, if the food had been present.
      She probably hadn't eaten anything in nearly twenty-four hours. She was
starved and with good reason. She realized her situation suddenly. While
drinking the rest of the water from the dish, it hit her. Here she was, naked,
locked in a collar, whipped, humiliated, degraded, pinned up in a cage and
eating her food out of what was clearly a doggy bowl. She began to weep. She
couldn't help it, the tears just came. This should have never happened to her.
Not even to anyone like her. People like her were supposed to be pretty all the
time, not covered in dirt and mud and welts from belts. People like her were
supposed to dress nicely, not forced into nudity. People like her were supposed
to go to fancy parties and have fun, not spend their time locked in a cage or
crawling around on a leash. She was supposed to eat catered food, not scraps
from a cols skillet. She wasn't even supposed to go to stupid old college,
either. She was supposed to look pretty and marry rich, like her mother had
done.
      Her mother was a cow, though. The stupid old bitch probably didn't know
her ass from a hole in the ground. She was daddy's trophy wife. When she turned
forty, he had bought her a boob job. A couple of years later, a face lift, then
a tuck here and there, then she had her eyebrows done. The woman was such a
fake. Rose didn't really know why daddy kept her around, but she knew better
than to ask.
      After all, daddy was older and handsome. He had that touch of grey right
at the temples of his hair and a really pronounced chin and great nose. He had
all those classic features they talked about in the magazines Rose read at the
hair salon. Rose thought he looked distinguished. Yes, that was the word the
magazines used all the time. Her daddy was a distinguished gentleman. He watched
business television all the time and made sure all of his stocks kept going up
and up and up. He spent a lot of time at work, though. Being a lawyer must have
been hard. Sometimes, daddy didn't even come home from the office or from trips
for, like, two or three days.
      Mom didn't work, though. No way would she have had a job, not if daddy had
anything to say about it. He didn't want his wife to work. He wanted her to be
home to cook and handle planning the parties and paying the bills and that sort
of stuff. At least that's what daddy always said. Thinking about it now, though,
Rose wondered what her mother really did do all day. Their family had an
accountant to pay bills and do taxes, they had a maid to clean the house and
Rose really never could remember her mother cooking much of anything. Their
chef, Pierre, saw to all of that. Either that or they ate out at expensive
restaurants during the evenings when daddy was home.
      The only things she had ever seen her mother really ever do was lay out in
the sun or shop. She really was a cow. With all the money daddy was making and
all the work he did to keep them happy, she figured her mom could at least show
some appreciation and cook dinner herself or do something, anything.
      Something started nagging at the back of Rose's mind, something that she
didn't like. A thought that really began to frighten her or it would have if it
had really come to the surface. Before her thoughts could be completely
realized, though, she was interrupted by the tiny sounds of a radio playing
inside the cabin.
      Rose strained against the cage to listen to the music. She tried terribly
to make out the words or even the kind of music, but it wasn't really loud
enough for her to hear very well. She didn't know why, but for some reason, that
little sound made her feel like she was still part of the world and not some
hostage in an insane world gone mad. She wished Richard would turn it up. She
would give almost anything just to be able to hear the words of one of her
favourite songs. She wiped the tears from her eyes and tried to push her head
hard against the chain link side of the cage, thinking that if she could press
her ear to the side of the cabin, she could hear better. Even though there was
barely two inches between the side of the cage and the wall of the cabin, Rose
couldn't push hard enough to get her ear against the wall. She lay on the ground
dejected and miserable, left alone with nothing to do but to think.
      Rose was beginning to realize changes had had taken place already in
herself from this experience. She realized she really would have done anything
to listen to the radio and, despite the fact that her food was served to her
cold in a dog dish, she had eaten it and hadn't really given it much thought.
What was happening to her? This wasn't right! She would not accept this
situation. She would not become accustomed to such petty nonsensical shit as
this. She had to maintain her focus.
      But what could she do? If she refused to eat, he would just take it away
from her and not feed her. If she refused to do as she was told, he would whip
her again. Hell, if she didn't fucking piss in a little hole for him and bury
it, she would get her pussy and ass taped shut for her efforts. Regardless of
what she thought or even if she refused to admit it to herself, she was in his
power. She hated that! She was always the one in control. She was the one that
made the rules, her own rules. Who the fuck was he to do this to her. She should
have gotten daddy's gun and shot the fucking bastard.
      The door of the cabin opened and Richard walked out. He began walking
toward the cage and Rose looked up, wondering if he was coming for her, but he
kept walking, heading for the rear of the cabin.
      Rose pressed herself against the rear of the cage to watch him, lacing her
finger into the chain links.
      "Richard?" She asked very tentatively.
      He stopped and looked back at her. "What?" He asked.
      "Can I... May I... Please... listen to your radio? Please?" She asked
nervously, trying to look away from him, but failing.
      "No." He said simply and began to walk away again.
      Rose pressed harder against the fence, her eyes following him, riveted on
him.
      "Please, Richard." She begged. She was really begging. She couldn't
believe it. She was begging to be allowed to listen to a radio. "Please let me
listen to it. I... I need to hear it, just to hear something from the world."
      "I said no, Rose, and I meant it." He said and continued to walk.
      "Please! I'll do anything you want." She cried out, gasping at her own
desperate words. What had gotten into her?
      Richard stopped again. "Are you that desperate already, Rose? I have only
had you for a day and you are already begging me to do anything I want? Jesus,
Rose, you're making my work too easy."
      She began to weep again. "Fuck you." She said weakly. "Fuck you. I just
need to know the world is still there. You don't understand, you asshole. You're
not on this side of the fence."
      Richard cocked an eyebrow at her. "Asshole?" He asked. "You're not being
terribly persuasive, you know? What's the matter, Rose? Are you lonely?"
      "Yes." She replied meekly, her usual haughtiness gone. "I can't stand it
out here. I hate being alone. All I can do is sit here and think."
      "Imagine that." Richard said a slightly mocking tone in his voice. "I
didn't know you were capable of it."
      "You're so mean to me! How can you be so heartless?" Rose cried out, her
voice still quaking from emotion.
      "Well, god damn, Rose, I think you're starting to realize how it feels.
Now, fuck off, piggy, I have to go shit."
      With that, Richard walked away around the back of the cabin. Rose heard a
wooden door close and figured there must be another building around the back of
the place.
      What a fucking prick he was being! She had only made one small request.
Why couldn't he just let her listen to the fucking music? Why did he have to
torture her so? What did she ever do that was so wrong?
      He had told her what she had done to him, but fuck him! It was not her
fault that he and his whole fucking stupid, poor family were losers. If they had
wanted a better life, they should have done something about it. Blaming her for
all his problems wasn't going to solve anything. Besides, all she had done was
pick on him some in school. Everybody did it! Was that so damned hard to
understand?
      Wait. Not everyone got picked on, did they? Rose never really did. Maybe
some in grade school, but nowhere near as bad as she had picked on Richard. No!
No, that was not right. He got what he deserved. Whatever she had done to him,
it was entirely his own fault. Fuck that little, skinny mother fucker. He got
what he deserved! He did! She knew he did. It was his fault, all his fault.
      She wept, putting her face in her hand and sitting back in the dirt.
      Wasn't it all his fault?




Chapter Three: Sanity


	Richard came out of the outhouse behind the cabin and walked back around
the cage toward the front of the cabin. He noticed Rose sobbing on the dirt
floor of the pen. He was almost motivated into concern for her, but thought
better of it. She was probably just trying to make him feel bad anyway. That
would be about right for her. She was a fucking manipulative bitch after all. It
would be right up her alley to make him feel shitty for carrying out a plan of
revenge on her.
	Was what he was doing right? Aside from the obvious criminal aspect of
blackmailing and kidnapping someone, was what he was doing such a good idea? He
knew if he pulled this off right, she would be changed forever and would
probably come to accept the changes and him as part of a new life. If he didn't
do things right and she didn't accept the changes, well, then he didn't really
know what he would do. He couldn't very well let her go, could he? Not unless he
wanted to spend a large chunk of his life in prison.
	Oh good grief, man, enough of this shit. The fact of the matter is
simple: She's an evil bitch that has caused the suffering of countless innocent
adolescents and he was here to dish out a heaping spoonful of justice. Fuck, not
justice, but good old fashioned revenge. Yes, it was wrong of him to do, but it
was being done none the less. If there were consequences and repercussions
later, he would approach them when they came.
	He had walked around the cabin and was standing at the front door with
his hand on the latch. He wondered how long he had been standing there and then
he wondered if Rose had seen him standing here lost in thought. He heard her
sobbing in the cage off to his left, so he doubted very seriously that she had
paid any attention to him at all. That would be normal for her, after all,
wouldn't it?
	He opened the door and went inside, sitting down at the table. He turned
the little radio back on and took out a deck of cards. He started playing
solitaire, trying not to think about the beautiful little animal out in his
cage. She was his now, after all, he could do what he wanted with her. Why not
use her as he wanted?
 	Ah fuck it, he thought. I have enough to think about without worrying
about whether or not to fuck her. I'll get around to it when the time is right.
	Rose had stopped sobbing out side and was feeling terribly lonely. She
crawled about her cage and looked at the scenery. If the circumstances were
different, it would be beautiful here. The cabin was quiet and quaint and had a
rustic atmosphere about it. It was pleasant, truly, despite her not actually
being in it. The area was secluded and sequestered from the rest of the world,
which was nice for a private place and not so nice if you happened to be a
kidnap victim wanting desperately to be saved. The trees, mostly pines, oaks and
box elms, were all vibrant and green. The leaves had not yet started to turn,
but the first chill of the year would probably be upon them soon. Richard hadn't
waited very long to abduct her, although, to Richard, he had probably waited six
years too long to do it. The fall semester at school started in August and it
was only the second week of September now
	A breeze rolled through the trees and the air became a little chiller.
Rose looked up to the sky and noticed clouds coming in. It looked like it was
going to rain. Surely, Richard wouldn't leave her out here once it rained. He
wouldn't do that to her, would he? She sighed and realized that, yes, he
probably would. He would do anything he damn well wanted with her and there
wasn't much she could do to stop him. A low rumble of thunder from far off
foretold even more clearly of rain.
	Inside, Richard had laid down to read, content to let the animal outside
have some quiet time to itself. That would probably be one of the worst tortures
for her. Soon enough, he began to hear the little patters of raindrops on the
roof of the cabin. He put his book aside for a moment and went outside to have a
look. He walked out onto the porch as the rain started to come down. It wasn't a
heavy storm or anything, but it was a steady shower. Most of the thunder he
heard was far away from here, so he didn't figure there would be any threat to
the piggy by leaving her out here.
	He walked to the end of the porch and looked into the cage at Rose. She
saw him and looked back. She was already drenched and her hair was clinging to
her neck and shoulders. She was hugging herself and shivering in the chilly
shower. Richard smiled at her and she dropped her head. She looked like a
helpless defeated prisoner.
	Maybe he should bring her in and play with her awhile. No, not yet, he
decided. He would have time for that later. For now, he wanted her to be a
humiliated piece of shit. He wanted her to learn her place and how things were
going to run around here. He turned around and walked back into the cabin,
waiting for the rain to quit.
      Rose looked after him and fresh tears sprung to her eyes. She actually
found herself wanting his attention. If he paid attention to her, it would at
least give her someone to talk to and to be around. She needed him. As much as
she hated to admit it, she really did. As long as she was locked in this cage,
she needed him. If he left her here, she would die. Rain showers might provide
her with water, but food would not find its own way to her. She would fight him
and she would resist him all she could, but she did need him. She had no idea
where she was. She was naked and locked in a collar. She shivered, partly from
the rain, but also partly because of the thought of being locked in a collar and
caged by a lowlife that should have barely deserved her attention in high
school. Rose didn't want to get back onto that tirade, so she let her mind drift
to other matters.
      Eventually, the rain let up and then ceased altogether. It hadn't been
much of a shower, but it did get everything wet. Richard came out of the cabin
and walked to the cage housing his animal.
      "How did you like the rain, piggy?" He asked her from under the porch.
      "I'm cold." She replied, still shivering in her cage.
      "You didn't answer me, though, piggy. How did you like the rain?"
      "It was nice." Rose said, biting back her sharp remarks. "I liked the
sound of it most of all."
      "Good. Would you like to come out for a walk?"
      "Can I please?" Rose responded with interest. Anything to get the fuck out
of this cage! She screamed mentally.
      "Oh. So you're learning to say please now? That's good of you, Rose. I
would prefer it if you learned your lessons quickly and behaved like a good
girl."
      Had she said please? Rose asked herself. Holy shit, she did, didn't she?
She was just as surprised at this as Richard had been, maybe even more. She
remained silent, though, and didn't make a comment about it.
      "Well, let's get you out of there, shall we?" Richard said and picked up
her leash from where he had tossed it on the rocking chair on his way into the
cabin earlier.
      He walked to the cage and let her out, clipping the leash to her collar
and telling her to remain on her hands and knees and crawl behind him. He asked
her if she needed to pee again and she replied that she did, so he took her to
the area he had taken her to previously and let her relieve herself. He walked
her around the cabin, showing her where everything was. She had pretty much seen
it all already, except the outhouse. It wasn't just a simple outhouse either; it
was a well-built wood structure with a toilet and a bathtub. Richard explained
to Rose that they had running water from an artesian well under the cabin. They
didn't have hot water, but he had a big pot that could be heated over a fire and
poured into the tub, then cold water could be added to the right temperature.
There was even a septic system, so the toilet run-off didn't affect the
surrounding environment.
      Rose really couldn't have given a shit less about the septic system or
artesian wells or any of it. The bathtub interested her, mostly because she was
cold and dirty and would have loved to have had a bath. The cabin was nice and
all, but it was definitely a far cry from the four and five star hotel services
she was used to when she travelled with her daddy.
      She though about her daddy now and how far away he seemed now. She missed
him and wished she could be sitting in front of the big fireplace in the reading
room where daddy kept the nicest, softest chair in the whole house. She had, of
course, never actually touched any of the books in the reading room, but the
fireplace and the comfy chair were nice. Again, tears rolled down her cheeks.
She was becoming a regular cry baby out here. She wanted her family, though. She
wanted her regular life. She wanted to be shopping and driving around in her car
sipping frozen mocha cappuccinos with her best friends. She wanted to be free to
do what she fucking well wanted and when she wanted to do it. She didn't want to
be stuck at boring fucking college. She didn't want to be kidnapped by some
psycho freak from high school. She didn't want to be kept naked in a cage. She
damned sure didn't want to be pissing in the dirt and burying it.
      She had made an angry noise sometime during her mental tirade and Richard
had noticed. He was taking her back to the porch, although she didn't notice.
She just crawled along, oblivious to most of the things going on around here,
even what Richard was saying. He led her up the steps of the porch and tied her
leash off to the railing as he had before. He sat down and looked at her. She
still hadn't looked up. She just stayed where she had been put with her head
looking at the ground lost in though.
      "What are you thinking about, Rose?" Richard asked her calmly, but she
didn't seem to hear him.
      "Rose!" He snapped. Her head jerked up and met his eyes, then dropped
again.
      "I'm sorry." She said. "I was lost in thought for a moment. Please don't
hurt me."
      "I'm not going to hurt you, Rose" Richard said, still looking at her.
"Contrary to your belief, it is not my desire to harm you in any way. I just
want to know what you are thinking about."
      "I was thinking about my daddy." She said wiping a hand across her grimy,
tear stained face. "I miss him and being home."
      Richard regarded her with interest and allowed her to continue.
      "I miss my life, Richard. I miss driving with my friends and being home
with my daddy. I miss the fireplace in his reading room and his big, comfy
chair. I just want to go home and have a hot bath." She said, bringing fresh
tears.
      Richard watched as she wept quietly. He said, "I know you miss those
things, Rose. One day you might have them again. Then again, one day you might
not want them anymore. I know it's hard to grasp right now, but I am trying to
show you what a regular life is like."
      "By keeping me locked up in a cage?" She shot back at him with a fury that
surprised even her. As soon as the harsh words had come out of her mouth, she
recoiled, expecting to be struck.
      "Yes, to an extent. I keep you in a cage to try to change the way you
think of things, Rose. I keep you naked and make you piss in a hole for the same
reason. I figure if I take enough away from you, you will eventually appreciate
what you are given and stop just expecting things to be handed to you on a
platter all the time."
      "Why shouldn't I expect things to be handed to me, Richard? My fucking
family is wealthy. Don't you get it? We're the people that other people talk
about. I have the right to expect certain things because of whom I am and who my
daddy is. It's just the way things are." Rose said, now looking up at him, her
words inspiring her confidence.
      "It's not the way things are, Rose. Not for the normal people. You're a
rich, egotistical bitch that just expects people to bend to your needs at the
drop of a hat. I'm not being insulting, Rose; I'm telling you the truth. Wait
until you have had everything possible taken away from you, then maybe you will
understand what I am talking about." Richard said, evenly. He wasn't angry with
what she said. He had grown to expect these sorts of responses from her.
      "Screw that, Richard. That's what makes you and me different. You come
from the middles class 'backbone' of society and I come from the wealthy upper
crust. I shouldn't be punished for my genetics or for my parents. What you are
doing to me is wrong. I don't want to know what the normal people are like,
because I am not one of the normal people." Rose was starting to slip back into
her old form again. She could feel herself gathering power, readying for the
swift strike of the tongue that made her who she was.
      "Frankly," she continued. "I find your reasons for all of this to be
flawed, if you are truly trying to show me the life of the normal people. Why
the fuck would you care? Who am I to you but someone from school?
      "No, what I think is this, Richard: You're pissed at me because my friends
and the people that liked me in school picked on you and your chess club
groupies. We made fun of you and played little pranks on you. Well, fine and
dandy, people do it all the time. It's just part of growing up. Teenagers
torture one another.
      "So now you've singled me out as the ringleader and expect me to pay for
my crimes against you and your form of humanity by showing me humility and
trying to teach me a lesson. Well go for it, little man, because, when it's all
said and done, I'll still be standing and you will be a stain on my daddy's two
thousand dollar shoes."
      Richard sat and calmed himself. He hadn't expected this little rant from
her, or even from the likes of her. Truly, he was surprised by what he was
hearing. He didn't think she had enough brains to string all of those words
together.
      "Well, you're right about some things, Rose." Richard said, keeping his
cool. "I did single you out as the ringleader and I do expect you to pay for
what you have done to my friends and me. And maybe my motivations aren't as
noble as I would have you think, but I do still expect you to learn something
from our time together. And if it does work out to where you get back to your
father, you can be sure I won't be around to have him crushing me under his heel
like he does to so many other people.
      "You don't intimidate me anymore, Rose. You stopped having that power a
long, long time ago. Now, you pretty much just piss me off. You hurt me for six
years. You hurt my friends, too. Out of all the popular people in our school,
you were number one. You had the power to decide who did what to whom, but you
chose to be petty and trite to those you felt were beneath you. That's the part
I want to change about you; the part I want to show you about yourself that can
be different, because now you are beneath me, slut, and you will be until I
choose otherwise.
      "All that power you had in school doesn't mean squat now. All of your
daddy's money can't buy you back from me. And not one of your friends can help
you now. You belong to me now and you will continue to belong to me until such
time as I deem fit to change that."
      "I don't belong to anything, you son of a bitch!" Rose screamed at him.
His words had finally struck a cord with her. "You do not own me! You never
will! If you think I am going to just bend to your will, then you better think
again, buddy, because I don't think so. You don't have the stones to..."
      He slapped her hard across the face, knocking her back on her ass. The
leash was pulled snug against the railing and her collar as she fell backwards.
He stood up and put his foot against her chest and pushed down. This caused the
collar to ride up higher on her throat and dig into the skin there. It also cut
off her airway, making it impossible for her to draw a breath.
      "Well, Rose, if you're not going to learn anything from your time here, I
can always cut it short for you." He said, looking down at her, his eyes focused
and intense. "What do you think?"
      She futilely tried to push his foot off of her chest, but she was not
nearly strong enough to move him. She tried to gasp for breath, but none was
coming. She scratched at his leg and boot, but she was too weak to harm him. She
was now afraid, more truly afraid than she had ever been in her entire life. As
her lungs burned for air, she suddenly knew what it was to be helpless. To be
powerless against someone, unable to stop them from doing whatever they wanted.
      A sheer bolt of white revelation struck through Rose's entire being as she
suddenly realized that this was how it felt to be beneath someone; to be really,
honestly beneath someone. Was this how Richard had felt all throughout his
school years? Was this what he meant when he said everyday for him had been
torture? Was this the effect she had had upon him?
      God, she needed to breathe, but he wasn't letting up. She could see little
stars at the corners of her eyes and felt a throbbing in her head. She knew she
must be close to passing out by now. She tried feebly to raise her arm to do
something, anything to make him stop, but it was no use. All she could manage
was to reach up and grab the leg of his faded blue jeans in a pathetic gesture
of defiance.
      If she could speak, she would beg him to stop, her fear driving her. She
would plead with him to take his foot off. She would tell him she would do
anything for him if he would just let her have some air. Couldn't he see that?
Couldn't he tell by just looking at her that she was pleading with him in her
mind? Please, Richard, please let me have some air. I'll do anything you want,
just let me breathe again. I'll piss in the dirt, I'll let you call me piggy,
and I won't put up a fight if you just let me breathe. Please...
      Her vision was fading. She could see the darkness overcoming her eyes. Was
this what it was like to die, she wondered. Would he kill her, really?
      Then, suddenly, it all stopped. The pressure was released from her chest
and she was finally able to suck in one deep gasp of air. She choked
immediately, but at least she could breathe again. Oh god, she was so thankful
just for that simple pleasure, just for the simple need to draw air.
      Richard sat back down as Rose choked and sought to regain her breath. He
watched her chest heave and he watched as she sat up, her hair in strands across
her sweating face. He sat and waited for her to recover from the oxygen
deprivation before he spoke again. He wanted her complete attention.
      She looked up at his face, tears in her eyes. The look was complete fear,
horror. He knew it would be a blow to her and that's what he wanted: Something
to finally get his point across.
      "Do you understand me now, Rose?" He asked patiently.
      "Yes." She replied weakly and broke into ragged sobs and heavy tears. Her
chest heaved as she wept. It was the saddest sound Richard could ever remember
hearing. Maybe he was finally getting through to her. Maybe she was just so
utterly terrified of him now that she would say what she thought he wanted to
hear just so he wouldn't hurt her anymore. He hoped not. He didn't want this to
be a lesson in fear; he wanted it to be a lesson in humility and understanding.
      He left her there, crying on the front porch, and went inside to start
dinner. He left the door open, so he could listen to her. He wanted to hear when
she stopped crying. He wanted to talk to her again to see if he was getting
through to her or if he was just frightening her. So, he cooked and waited
patiently.
      Rose sobbed for several minutes. Something had happened inside her. She
wasn't quite sure what it was yet, but something had happened. Maybe it was
feeling so near death. Maybe it was the first time she had ever felt completely
helpless. Maybe it was because she was finally starting to understand Richard a
little better. Perhaps it was just some of all of those reasons; she really
didn't know and really didn't want to think about it. She didn't really have a
choice, though, did she? That's what he had brought her here to do, wasn't it?
He was trying to make her think about these things and see herself and the rest
of the world in a new light.
      Was she truly as bad as he said she was? She had always thought of herself
as perfectly normal. In fact, she usually thought of herself more perfect than
normal.  She guessed Richard would have bad things to say about that, though.
      She heard him cooking inside. She wondered what he was making. It smelled
good. She smelled biscuits and something else, maybe chicken. After several long
moments, the sounds of cooking stopped and she saw him through the open doorway
taking a plate of food to the little table and eating. So, he ate first and then
fed her from the scraps, like a pet. Why should it be different? She guessed
that he probably saw her as a pet or some kind of animal to be trained properly.
She noticed him finish eating after a few more minutes. She watched him walk to
the stove and gather bones and morsels on the plate he had just used. He walked
outside to her and set the plate down on the seat of the rocking chair. He
untied her leash from the porch railing and took it in his hand. He picked the
plate back up and walked her to her cage. He opened the door for her and she
crawled in. She turned around and faced him and he unhooked the leash from the
collar. He scraped the food from the plate into one of the dishes on the floor
of her cage and then closed the cage door and locked it. He turned and walked
back inside the cabin. Shortly, Rose heard water running from inside. She
figured he was washing the dirty dishes.
      She looked to her little tin dish and saw he had put one whole drumstick
and half a breast in her dish. Also in the dish but sort of mixed all together
were cooked canned corn and canned peas. He had also given her two biscuits.
This was practically a feast to her. It was definitely more than she ate in one
sitting on any given day. She was unsure of her ability to finish it all.
However, as she began to eat, she realized she was a lot hungrier than she
though she was and before she knew it, she was licking the juice of the chicken
off her fingers and tilting the dish to her mouth and scraping the last pea into
her open mouth.
      "Finished?" Richard asked from the corner of the porch.
      Rose jumped, quite startled. She hadn't seen him standing there and was
too caught up in her eating to hear him.
      "Yes, I'm finished." She said and even managed a little smile.
      "Good." He said. "I gave you extra because I think you're too skinny. You
need some more meat on your bones."
      Rose flushed and was quite put off by this remark. She had worked long and
hard to get her body into the shape it was in. She did all the exercises in the
magazines and followed a strict diet. She thought she looked fine. Actually, she
thought she looked hot. What did he know anyway?
      "I know what you're thinking, Rose." Richard said, looking her body over
slowly. "You're thinking that it took a lot of effort to get yourself into shape
and to be thin like you are. Well, I prefer a healthier look from my girls. I
don't like to see ribs and hipbones sticking out. It's not very attractive.
      "So from now on I'm going to include a few more calories and more fat in
your diet than you're used to. That is, if you are good. I don't want you to
expect that you will just be fed. Food and many other privileges will have to be
earned if you want them."
      "Privileges like what?" She asked. She was feeling a little confused. She
hadn't ever had privileges before, at least not that she knew of anyway.
      "Let's see." He said thoughtfully, looking up at the late afternoon sky.
"I'm talking about washroom breaks, eating, and freedom of movement. Those sorts
of privileges are what I mean."
      "So what you're saying is that if I'm not good and do what you want me to
do, you will take away my food or lock me in the cage all day? Is that what you
mean?" She asked, regarding him.
      "Yes, that's exactly what I mean, Rose." He replied, thinking that he was
starting to get through to her.
      "That's just not fair!" She exclaimed. "How can you take those things away
from me? Am I just supposed to not eat? Are you just going to starve me to
death? How are you going to keep me from going to the washroom? I mean, it's
kind of a reflex action, you know? When you have to go, you have to go. About
the only real privilege I see that you listed was letting me out of the cage. I
can see how that would be considered a privilege and if you didn't let me out of
the cage, it would probably drive me pretty nuts. Those other things, though,
those aren't privileges. They're things that I have to do in order to survive."
      "Well, they are privileges now. They are privileges that I can and will
take away from you. If I were you, I would be a good girl and not try my
patience."
      Yeah, we'll see, you freak, Rose thought. It seemed that the food and the
appalling conversation had snapped Rose out of the reflective stupor she had
found herself in after Richard had choked here nearly to death. She doubted he
would try to do it again anyway, so she was less than worried about it.
      "I think that's enough for today, Rose. I'll leave you to yourself for the
evening. Have a good night." Richard said and rose to return to the cabin.
      He went inside and lit the lantern, busying himself for the rest of the
evening and not giving so much as a second thought to Rose in her little cage
outside.
      Rose sat on the floor of the cage with her back against the chain link
fencing and watched the sun go down. She though about the day and how different
her life had become in so short a time. Whether or not Richard had good points
was irrelevant to her at this moment. She had to resist him. She had to resist
him for her own sanity. She couldn't just let him bulldoze her and twist her
into something she knew she wasn't.
      He might beat her. He might break her spirit. He might hurt her. But she
was determined not to let him take over her being. She resolved herself to
resist his influence. She would start tomorrow.




Chapter Four: Resistance


	The next morning was cool and fresh dew had settled over everything.
Rose was huddled in a small ball at the back of the cage. She was asleep, but
shivering. Richard shrugged and sprayed her with the hose anyway. Rose came
instantly awake and shrieked as she was again assaulted by the cold jet of
water. Despite the chill in the air, the water was still colder than Rose's skin
was and she shivered more. She again tried to cover herself.
	"No!" Richard said sternly. "Don't cover up. Let me wash some of that
grime off of you."
	Reluctantly, Rose stood in the cage, as best as she could, and let
Richard wash her from head to toe. With no soap it wasn't like she was really
getting clean, but at least the surface dirt was coming off. When she was told
to do so, she turned around and he squirted the backs of her legs, in between
the crack of her ass and her back.
	In a moment, Richard stopped the flow of water and approached the cage.
He hung the sprayer nozzle on the fencing of the cage by its handle. He had set
two items on the top of the cage earlier, before he started Rose's bath. Now, he
brought her attention to the two items, shaving cream in a can and a disposable
razor. He called her over and told her to take the items from him as he passed
them through the links of the fence.
	Her hands shivering still, she took the shaving cream and the razor from
him and looked at him, her eyes were tired and she looked as if she wasn't sure
what to do with the items given to her.
	"I want you to shave now, Rose." Richard said. "Be sure to shave your
legs, pits and pussy. I want you to look nice and clean for me."
	Still shivering, she whimpered quietly and stood there as if she did not
understand the instructions given to her. Richard didn't want to see her shiver,
he wanted his orders followed.
	"Come on, Rose, get to it." He said impatiently. "I haven't got all day.
We have things to do."
	Her teeth chattering slightly, Rose squirted some of the shaving cream
into the palm of one of her hands. Setting the can of cream down, she rubbed her
hands together and lathered her armpits. She picked up the razor and shaved her
armpits clean. Once she was done with that, Richard rinsed her armpits and the
razor off with the hose. She picked up the cream again and lathered her pussy
and shaved it. Richard rinsed her and the razor again and the same steps were
repeated for her legs. When she was done, he had her pass the cream and razor
back through the fence to him.
	He went to the spigot and turned off the water, then went into the cabin
and put the razor and shaving cream away. He had shaved his face earlier in the
morning and wouldn't need it for the rest of the day.
	He went back outside to check on Rose and to pee. She was still standing
where she had been before. Her arms were clutched about her and she was
shivering still. He shrugged and walked past her to the outhouse. He relieved
himself and went back around to the cabin. As he was walking by the cage, Rose
stopped him.
	"C-c-cold..." She stammered, water still dripping from her body and
hair.
	"Yes, you look like you are freezing." Richard remarked
matter-of-factly.
	"T-t-towel?" Rise asked through chattering teeth.
	"Yes? What about it?" Richard asked, baiting her.
	She whined again slightly. "M-may I p-please have a t-towel to d-dry
myself?"
	Richard thought for a moment.
	"Please?" She asked again.
	"Alright." He said. "Since you asked so nicely, I'll get one for you."
	"T-thank y-you." She said, still clutching at herself.
	Richard went into the cabin and brought a clean towel out to Rose. He
let her out of the cage so she could dry herself. She was very careful not to
get the towel dirty from the ground. As soon as she was dry, she stopped
shivering. Truly, she was still cold, just not as much as when she was soaking
wet.
	Richard leashed her and secured her to the railing of the porch while he
put her towel away. Rose looked around and noted that the sun had not yet even
crested the trees.
	"What time is it?" She asked Richard as he came out of the cabin.
	A quick glance at his watch confirmed that it was just after seven in
the morning. She asked why he was up so early and he responded that they had a
big day planned. Since this was the first she had heard of it, she was naturally
curious. She asked him about the details of their day, but he told her to hush
and that she would find out as it unfolded. Needless to say, that answer did
little to slake her curiosity or ease her anxiety.
	Richard first went to the shed and brought out a huge stainless tell
pot. The thing was so big it looked like you could cook a human in it if you
wanted. He took the pot to the corner of the porch where Rose was tied and set
it at her feet. He turned the water spigot on and handed Rose the water hose and
told her to fill the pot nearly to the top.
	As Rose began filling the pot, Richard started a fire in the fire pit
near where Rose was made to pee each time she went.
	Shit, she thought. Why the hell did I have to think of that? She
realized how badly she needed to pee. She hadn't gone yet this morning, as her
early morning routine here wasn't terribly relaxing. Her bladder was telling her
now that it was perfectly relaxed and should be relived of its contents as soon
as possible. The water running into the pot probably wasn't helping matters any.
	"Richard!" She called to him from the porch.
	"Yes?" He called back as he added a couple of cut pieces of wood to the
fire that was already going.
	"I have to go pee!" She called to him and then blushed deeply. That was
not supposed to come out so naturally. God damn it, she had only been here a
day! She was already slipping into some kind of naturally servile position to
him? Why? Why the fuck was she acting so damned calm about all of this shit?
Like, she should just take it into stride and not worry about a thing?
	"Tough shit, Rose!" He called back to her, interrupting her thoughts.
"You didn't ask nicely and you are busy with a task already. I'll take you to
pee after you've filled the pot and when your attitude is better."
	Oh really, mother fucker, she though to herself. You want that fucking
pot full? Fine. Here you go asshole. I'll fill it for you.
	She squatted over the pot and pissed in it, her yellow stream of urine
mixing with the fresh, cold water in the pot. She felt so relieved and her
bladder instantly thanked her for the gratifying relief it felt.
	Richard, on the other hand, was not amused. He had added the last log to
the fire and turned to go fetch the pot from Rose and saw her squatting over it
pissing away in the fresh, clean water inside. At first, his jaw actually
dropped. He was astonished that she had the nerve to pull something like that
off. He stood there, while she obliviously pissed in his bath water, quite
literally, and gaped.
	However, the gaping didn't last very long and was soon replaced by
something resembling indignation and a whole load of anger and other itchy
little feelings. He raced across the yard to the porch. By the time she saw him
and noticed the anger in his eyes, it was too late.
	He slapped her right off the pot while she was still pissing. A golden
line of urine was still streaming from her pussy and making a lovely arc as she
fell backward on the wooden porch. The uncontrolled line of piss spattered up
Richard's pant leg, right up the middle of his shirt and into his face, stinging
his eyes.
	He moved to pick up the water hose, placing a boot firmly on Rose's
chest. He sprayed his face off lightly, washing the piss from his eyes. Rose was
clawing at his boot, trying to get his foot off of her chest. A large red
handprint was very evident on her cheek. He looked down at her when he was
finished washing her piss off his face and out of his eyes.
	"What in the fuck were you doing?" He yelled at her.
	"What the fuck did it look like, ass?" She shot back at him, refusing to
let him compromise her like he had done yesterday. "Now, get your fucking foot
off me!"
	"What?" He asked incredulously.
	"You fucking heard me!" She screamed at him as loud as she could. "I've
about had enough of this shit, Richard. Being treated like an animal for your
amusement, being fed from a dog dish, having to be naked around you all the
time, having to piss in a hole; I'm sick of it all. Who do you think you are?"
	He bent down and slapped her again. "I think I am the person that is now
in charge of your entire life and how long or short it might be." He punctuated
several of the words with more hard slaps to her face.
	She was crying underneath him, her face red from his slaps. She wouldn't
give up, though. She still fought to get out from underneath him. He would not
treat her like this! He would not, by god!
	"I said get the fuck off me!" She said again slowly, through gritted
teeth.
	He moved his foot up from her chest to her throat and pushed down. The
collar dug into her windpipe and again she fought for breath. Still, she tried
to fight back. She hit his kneecap for all she was worth. It just wasn't enough.
She was in a poor position and he was too strong and too heavy for her to fight
back properly.
	"Now you listen to me, you little horse's ass." He sneered at her under
his foot. "You are my god damned property. Whether you breathe again is
completely up to me. You are about as insignificant to me as a piece of shit.
The only thing that appeals to me about you is the deep sense of loathing I have
when I look at you."
	He grabbed her by the hair, removed his foot and pulled her roughly to
her feet. She took one deep gasp of air and then her head was plunged into the
cold, piss and water filled pot she had been squatting over previous to this
meeting of the minds. After a moment, he pulled her head up out of the water.
She gasped and choked on her diluted urine.
	"Do you like that, Rose? Does it taste good to you? Get yourself a big
mouthful now." Richard said with anger and plunged her head back into the pot.
She was instantly submerged to her shoulders in water tasting of her own piss.
	She flailed her arms and tried to hit him or kick out at him, but he was
right over her and not offering her any kind of target. Her mouth was full of
bitter-tasting water and she had her eyes squeezed shut. He pulled her up and
she instantly gagged. Her stomach retched and she knew she was going to puke.
There was nothing she could do about it.
	As she threw up, Richard held her head over the pot. She didn't have
very much in her stomach, so she wasn't really able to throw up more than just
some bile. As soon as she seemed marginally in control of her facilities again,
Richard plunged her head back into the piss-stinking, bile-swirling water.
	Nothing that Rose could possibly think of could be worse than this. This
was revolting. Having to gasp for air, having her head shoved into a pot of her
own piss and vomit. This was too fucking much. She just wanted to be left alone
so she could cry. Richard wasn't letting up, though. He was making her wait
longer and longer for each breath. Her own urine and vomit permeated into her
mouth and eyes and nose. All she could taste or smell was the foulness of it
all. Her eyes burned from it. She threw up three more times while he tortured
her and deprived her of air.
	 Soon, the water was completely foul and Rose stank of it all. Richard
threw her to the wood floor of the porch and hosed her off viciously, spraying
her with the full force available from the nozzle. He washed her face and head
off, then picked up the pot and carried it into the woods behind the cabin. He
emptied the contents on the ground and returned to the cabin. Rose was, of
course, nowhere to be seen.
	"Oh god damn it!" Richard exclaimed. He looked down the dirt road
leading to the cabin. He saw her blonde head bobbing off over the next hill.
"Fucking moron."
	He shook his head and got in the Blazer, going after her. He caught up
to her in a matter of moments, but when she noticed the vehicle coming toward
her, she darted into the woods. Richard stepped on the brakes hard and leapt out
of the Blazer and ran into the woods after her. He ran into the woods, but oddly
enough he didn't have to run very far, though. The stupid girl had untied the
leash and left it attached to the collar, rather than just unclipping it from
her collar. The handle of the leash had gotten caught on a small stump, it
seemed. To Rose, who was running full-speed into the woods, the effect was
stunning, literally. She was jerked swiftly and violently to the ground by the
throat. The violence by which she was pulled to the ground stunned her.
	When Richard came upon her, she was still trying to clear her head and
unclip the leash from the collar. Richard pulled the handle of the leash free
from the stump and knelt over Rose's nearly helpless form. He pulled her arms
forcefully behind her back and tied her wrists together with the free end of the
leash. He dragged her to her feet by her hair then, in his rage, picked her
completely off of the ground by her hair and one thigh. He flung her out of the
wooded area and against the side of the vehicle. She bounced off with a shout
and a thud. The vehicle was, of course, unfazed.
	As Richard came out of the woods, stalking toward Rose, she laid on the
ground crying. She looked up at him, her face dirty and streaked with tears.
	"Please..." She begged him. "Please, Richard, just let me go. Please
don't do this to me anymore."
	"Shut the fuck up, bitch." He said through clenched teeth. He opened the
back of the Blazer, picked her up and threw her in. He knew she wasn't hurt. He
had only tossed her four or five feet. Not hard enough or far enough to break
any bones or leave any permanent injuries.
	He drove back to the cabin, pulling Rose from the back of the Blazer. He
dragged her by the ankle to the porch. He tied a loop of the leash to one of the
porch rails, the shortness of the remainder of the leash pulling her face right
against the wooden railing. Richard stalked to the shed and opened it. He
returned with a length of rope.
	Unbeknownst to Rose, there were four sturdy J-hooks set into the beams
of the porch. Usually, they would hold two, two-seater porch swings. Richard
figured that one of them would hold Rose's weight. After all, she was
practically a twig anyway.
	He climbed up on the railing and fed one end of the rope over one of the
J-hooks, the other end he tied firmly to Rose's ankles. He untied her leash from
the railing and hoisted her up by her ankles until her head was about three feet
off the floor of the porch. As the tension increased on her ankles, she cried
out, but Richard paid no attention to her and when he was satisfied with her
height, he tied the free end of the rope off to the porch railing. Thus she was
hung up side-down by the ankles with her hands still bound behind her by the
leash.
	"You wanted it this way, Rose. Well, now you got it. You want to make
this more unpleasant than it has to be? That's just fine by me. I can play that
way, too." He seethed at her as she hung there, her ankles throbbing.
	He went back to the pot and rinsed it out with the hose. He looked over
to the fire, but it had gone out already. It seemed that his bath would have to
wait until later. No matter, though, he had something else he could do first,
after this dumb, fucking cunt was disciplined for her many foolish acts this
morning. He stalked off to the small shed, opened the door and went inside.
	When he came out of the shed, he was carrying a riding crop, the kind
used on horses to goad them into better speed. He walked to the porch and
without saying a word, sliced the crop down across the backs of Rose's thighs.
She screamed out and a thin red line came up on her skin almost immediately. He
didn't just stop at one stroke, though. He hit her with the stiff leather crop
over and over again as she dangled there, screaming. Soon, her thighs, calves,
ass, hips, back and belly were all covered in angry-looking red welts. Rose was
beyond sobbing and she had screamed herself hoarse. Now, she just hung there,
upside-down making sort of a rasping, moaning sound in her throat. The entire
lower half of her body throbbed and screamed at her at the slightest movement.
	Rose thought he was finished with her when he turned the hose on her. He
sprayed off her legs, ass, and hips and back, the soothing, cooling water making
the welts feel immediately better. Richard had ideas other than her comfort and
soothing. He was only relieving her pain so she wouldn't pass out completely as
he continued.
	After spraying her wounds with the hose, he took up the crop again and
went back to work on her already reddened flesh. Again and again he struck her
with the crop, covering her legs, hips, and ass with at least a hundred more red
marks. Rose found her voice again and she screamed. She screamed and screamed,
the torturous blows raining down on her like hot fire. She wriggled and
squirmed, trying in vain to cover some part of herself from the blows, but it
was fruitless.
	Richard paused again while Rose hung there and made heavy sobbing noises
mixed with ragged weeping sounds. He took up the hose again and cooled her
wounds, but picked the crop back up and approached her with it a third time.
	Rose saw him and screamed, "No! Please, no more! Please, don't hurt me
anymore!"
	"Fuck you, Rose. You asked for this. Let this be a lesson to you. Don't
ever fucking run away again!" Richard said his breath heavy and hard.
	That was all he said to her before resuming his barrage of pain on her.
Over and over the crop fell on Rose's naked, exposed skin. Over and over she
screamed, squealed and begged him to stop. By the time he was finished, though,
she couldn't scream, she couldn't squeal and she certainly couldn't beg. All she
could do was hang there and sob.
	Richard let her down from the hook and literally dragged her by her hair
to the cage. He threw her inside and left her there. He got into the Blazer,
making sure he had his wallet with him, and drove off down the dirt road. Rose
lay in her cage and wept.
	
	
	Rose was alone. She was now truly, completely alone. Since Richard had
left, she had nothing but herself and her cage and her pain. She looked at her
legs and saw that they were a crisscross of ugly red lines. They throbbed when
left alone and hurt to the touch. She tried to forget about her legs. She also
tried not to worry that Richard wasn't ever coming back.
	It had been over an hour since Richard had left, she figured. She knew
he would be back, although the thought occurred to her that he had just left her
there to starve to death. She knew he really hadn't, but there was always the
doubt.
	For the first little while, all she could focus on was her pain. He had
beaten her soundly. She couldn't move her legs for nearly a half an hour,
because they hurt too badly. Then the pain subsided somewhat and she was able to
pull herself to the back of that cage and curl up in a ball and cry.
	He hadn't even fed her. He had just washed her and told her to fill his
pot and then when she had been bad he had whipped her and then left. Despite the
fact that she still ached from the beating, she was hungry. It was unusual,
though, for her to be hungry in the mornings. She almost never ate breakfast.
Truly, she almost was never up and about early enough to eat breakfast. She was
normally up about a half an hour before her first class and then she concerned
herself with getting dressed and made up, instead of eating. After all, she had
to look good for all of her friends and she didn't want to look like some
trailer park trash to the people she didn't know.
	Now, she had time to think. No one was going to interrupt her and
nothing was going to disturb her train of thought, unfortunately. She didn't
want to think. She didn't like where her mind usually wandered when she started
thinking. She tried to fill up her time, either with friends or with activities,
to avoid having to listen to where her mind went when she really got to thinking
about things.
	Rose was not a stupid girl by any means. She was smart; she just didn't
like to act like it. Smart girls were made fun of and were to be ridiculed. No
one wanted to be friends with the class nerd. That was how it had been when she
was in school and it probably would continue to be so until the end of time. No,
it was better to be pretty and act stupid than to be smart and an outcast.
	Besides, it wasn't like she made poor grades or anything. Anyone that
looked would know she wasn't a dumb ass. She just didn't want to act like a nerd
and ruin her chances for real popularity. That seemed to work fine in high
school, but in college she noticed that things didn't seem to revolve around
popularity so much anymore. There weren't any 'cool' people and there weren't
any 'nerds' anymore. Everyone was just who they were. The only people with any
real status were the ones in fraternities and sororities; and even then things
still weren't a popularity contest.
	Rose, much to her chagrin, was starting to think she had been immature
all this time. Was her life really all about her looks and her popularity? Until
this point it had been. What did she hope to accomplish by acting like that? She
begrudgingly admitted that she wanted the status and popularity and she wanted
to one day marry someone like her daddy. Then what, she asked herself. At that
point, she told herself to fuck off and she tried desperately not to think
anymore.
	Why didn't she want to think about it, though? What was hiding in there,
in her mind, that seemed so distressing to her? She didn't want to answer that
question of herself. She pleaded with her brain to just shut up and stop
working, but it would not relent. It wanted answers and she had nothing better
to do than to give it to them. Was it not bad enough that Richard tortured her?
Did she also have to torture herself?
	She loved her daddy very much. She even idolized him somewhat. To Rose,
he was the epitome of perfection. She didn't want to grow up to be like her
mother, though. She didn't want to be some useless cow that did nothing all day
long, but sip martinis next to the pool and ogle the pool boy. That was all her
mother ever did. That or she would shop all day long. Or she would spend an hour
and a half at the beauty salon getting her hair and nails done.
	And how much time do you spend shopping, her brain asked her. How much
time do you spend at the salon having your hair and nails done, Rose? She cried
out for her brain to shut up. She didn't want to be like that. She didn't want
to be some stupid, useless cow woman. But, Rose, her brain said. Isn't that what
you have been doing? Haven't you been looking at college as a waste of time,
looking at the smart people as geeks and nerds, doing whatever it takes to fit
in and striving to maintain your popularity and status?
	Yes, she admitted to herself. Yes, god damn it, that's what I have been
doing. Now shut up, please. I don't want to think about this anymore. Why not,
Rose, her brain teased. Are you starting to sound more and more like your mother
the longer you think about it?
	"Shut up!" She screamed out at the top of her lungs, trying to make it
all go away.
	Why had Richard left her here all alone? Why did he go away and leave
her with herself? She hated him, but she needed him. She hated to admit that to
herself, but she knew, deep down, that it was true. Out here, along and
isolated, she needed someone to keep her attention and to keep her from thinking
about all the things she never wanted to think about.
	No, wait, she was his captive. He had kidnapped her from school and
taken her out here to torture her and abuse her. He had brought her out here to
show her what a horrible, ugly person she had been. Oh fuck, she thought. He has
been showing me what a fucking stupid, evil bitch I am. Except he had not been
showing her by whipping it into her or by making her pee in a hole, he had been
showing it to her by making her think and by making her realize how abnormal her
life had been.
	How important was her popularity, really? How important was it to be
pretty and well-liked? What would that get her in the long run? She knew what it
would get her. It would get her a life like her mother's. It would get her a
life of sitting around all day watching the soap operas and drinking martinis.
It would get her a life of shopping and meeting her friends at the salon.
	But, damn it, she yelled at herself. Isn't that what I should want? Her
brain was quick to respond to that one, of course. Is it what you want, Rose, it
asked? Do you want to live a useless life, by your standards? Do you want to be
measured by your popularity and by how pretty you are? Do you really want a boob
job and a face lift by the time you're forty?
	Rose was suddenly very aware that she didn't really know what she wanted
anymore. How much had this little experience of hers changed her already?
Probably not as much as she figured it had, she realized. She knew that if she
was rescued right now and left to her own devices, she would return to her old
self in no time at all. Her daddy would buy her a nice, long cruise with lots of
massages and lots of suntan oil. She would wind up taking a year off from school
and daddy wouldn't even mind that she did. He would probably send her to Europe
where she could visit some of the world's finest health spas and get her head
back on straight. While she was on her cruise and poking about Europe, she could
shop at all the strange foreign ports and all the quaint little Swiss and
English shops.
	She realized that the thought of being bought off by her father and
using money to make her problems go away didn't really appeal to her right now.
She didn't know if she would ever feel the same after this. Somehow she doubted
that her problems would be solved with money anymore. Not after all that had
happened to her since she had been here. She knew what it was to hurt and to
feel anguish and to be really sad. She didn't know until now that you can't make
those problems go away by buying them a flashy bandage; even if the bandage was
a quaint European one.
	What was she supposed to do now? She had been kidnapped by an obviously
disturbed man that didn't have any qualms whatsoever about hurting her. She knew
she had to resist him, even though she really didn't want to anymore. The last
beating she had received, coupled with this dreadful time of being alone and
left to think for herself had seen to that. What the fuck was that all about
anyway? She felt like she had been here forever, even though it had only been
for two days. She was confused, sure, but she was also wondering what in the
hell was going on in her head. Had she really been so self-involved that she
couldn't see what was going on in her own life or in that of her family's?
	She felt the answer to that particular question was obvious. Of course
she had been oblivious to everything going on around her. Wasn't that what
Richard was trying to tell her? That she was a self-centered bitch with no
regard for anyone or anything. She hated to admit it, but it was really starting
to look like he was right.
	She could not just accept that as truth, though. There was something
nagging at her brain that said that she was better than him, that she belonged
on her upper-class pedestal and he belonged on his middle class step below her.
That was the basic premise by which she had lived her whole life, after all. A
couple of days of torture and thought couldn't change that so quickly. After
all, that was the way she was raised. Her family had the money, the influence,
the power that others didn't. She was supposed to be better than most people,
wasn't she? Wasn't that really supposed to be her lot in life?
	If it was, then why was it now starting to feel all wrong to her?
	Richard's words were starting to get through to her, yes, even though
his methods were completely unacceptable. Still, if he had used conventional
methods, would she have even thought about what she was thinking about right
now? Face it, Rose, she thought. Had you been committed to an institution, you
would have faked your way through it and thought of all the wonderful presents
daddy would have bought you once you got out, just like you're doing right now
with your college. Because, let's face it, Rose, if it wasn't for the fact that
you were going to get to spend a month in Europe, you damn sure wouldn't be
going to class everyday, would you? Fuck no, Rose, you would be off at the mall
or a beach somewhere, shopping or soaking up some rays.
	Fuck that, some supposedly rational part of her mind screamed at her.
Isn't that what you're supposed to be doing? Lying in the sun somewhere, rubbing
suntan oil on yourself and driving all the poor boys nuts with your sexy body?
Shouldn't you be out at the mall spending all the money your daddy can give you?
Shouldn't you be buying all the latest clothes and purses and accessories? Isn't
that what you are meant to be doing right now? You are a member of the elite of
society, Rose. You have to maintain the appropriate image, learn the appropriate
things to say, wear the appropriate clothes, laugh at the appropriate jokes and
find the appropriate man to marry. Once you get yourself a husband, then you can
relax and live like you have always wanted. You can live off of his money,
because he will be perfectly happy to support you like a good husband should.
You can take some of his money and jet off to Milan anytime you want and watch
the fashion shows. You can use his money to buy yourself a new car every year
like your mother does. After all, your perfect husband will support you and
won't mind a bit that you spend his money so freely, as long as you look good
and play your part right.
	At least he won't make you piss in a hole in the ground. He won't whip
you with his belt when you piss him off. He won't call you piggy when you dirty
yourself in the garden. Not that you would actually dirty yourself in the
garden. Not you, Rose, you would hire a gardener to dirty himself for you. Then
you could sit out by the pool and watch your tanned, muscular gardener mow the
lawn or trim the hedges just like your mother does. Doesn't that sound nice?
	Well, Rose, she asked herself. Doesn't it sound nice?




Chapter Five: The Price of Resistance
	
	
	Richard had driven to the nearest town. It was a fair-sized city with
lots of friendly people. It was about a two hour drive from the cabin, not too
bad with the radio going in the Blazer and the windows down feeling the first
chill breezes of fall.
	He stopped in a couple of places to say hi to people. A lot of people up
here knew him. He and his father usually used the cabin for deer hunting or
fishing if the river was up. His father hadn't been able to go this year because
he had to pull some double shifts at work. Christmas was on its way and the
family had a few extra expenses this year.
	Richard had told his dad that he was going to head up to the cabin for a
weekend or so, and then head back to school from there. Richard hinted that
maybe he would stay up there a little longer and he might miss this semester of
school in order to save the family money and to get some extra hunting in for
once. His dad worried that he would lose his scholarship, but Richard told him
that, as long as there was a written parental excuse for the absence, the
scholarship people would let him miss a semester without pulling the funding.
Richard's dad was only too happy to write the letter. Richard had been through a
lot in high school, plus he had gone to college a semester early and missed any
kind of summer break. His dad figured he could use some time off and some time
to himself. He thought a trip up to the cabin would be good for Richard.
	While he was in town, he stopped by the hardware store to pick up a pair
of jumper cables, some lumber, rubber tubing and a few other assorted items. He
also visited a fishing store to get some lead weights, another large ice chest
and several bags of ice. He went to the one small department store and got a
straight razor and two bamboo cane fishing poles. The fishing store had been
out. Lastly, he stopped at the supermarket and picked up some more eggs, bacon
and other foodstuffs he thought he would need for the next little while. He also
bought a case of moist dog food.
	Once he was finished with his shopping and everything was packed away in
the Blazer, he drove back out to the cabin. Along the way, he had a little time
to plan out how to best discipline his little captive. Most of the stuff he had
bought was just for preventative measures. The lead fishing weights would make
great nipple weights, the lumber could be fashioned into stocks and other wooden
items and the cane poles he would cut into shorter lengths and wet them to use
them to spank her.
	He noticed the sun was getting high in the sky. Checking his watch, he
realized he had been gone longer than he had planned to be gone. The little
bitch would probably complain most of the rest of the day about being left
alone. She would probably be hungry, too. Thinking back to the case of dog food
he bought, he knew that problem would be taken care of easily enough.
	He had even made sure to get up early so he would have time to have his
bath and get a little work out of the piggy bitch before he would have to come
into town. Unfortunately, she had fucked up those plans when she pissed in his
bath water and tried to run away. He had to spend all his extra time cleaning
the pot and disciplining her stupid ass. He honestly thought she was smart
enough not to keep trying to run away. She had no idea where she was, if she
followed the roads, he would find her before she got remotely close to a town
and if she went overland she would get lost and probably die out in the wild.
Not to mention the fact that she was butt naked, she had no money, no compass,
no supplies and no clue as to where she was. Even if she got so far as the end
of the dirt road, she wouldn't know whether to go left or right on the small
paved road that connected.
	She was probably still panicked from being taken against her will. He
guessed he would have to keep an eye on her still, which really irritated him,
because he wanted to be able to have her do tasks around the place without
having to constantly supervise her. She would fall into shape eventually,
though, he was sure of it.
	On he drove, eventually finding the dirt road leading to the hunting
cabin. After a few more moments, he pulled up at the front of the cabin. Rose
must have heard him coming, because she was on her knees at the front of the
cage, her fingers in the links and her breasts pressed against the metal. She
looked happy to see him. Richard almost reeled in his seat. He had not expected
that reaction from her. He had expected her to still be angry and to have that
haughty look on her face that she normally had. Instead, she was staring at him,
her eyes bright. She wasn't beaming at him or anything, but she wasn't outwardly
angry either.
	He stopped the Blazer and got out, going to the back of the vehicle to
unload his new purchases. He brought out his new purchases and took them into
the cabin, unpacking the items and repacking the groceries into the coolers,
spreading some of the ice over them and keeping the rest in the bags they were
in and left them in one cooler. Once he was finished, he went outside to check
on Rose.
	She was still at the front of the cage, waiting for him to come out of
the cabin. Her breasts were pressing tightly against the metal of the links, as
was her belly. She watched him walk to the cage and look down at her.
	"Lay down." Richard said. Rose instantly did as he said. She laid down
on her back in the cage, her feet nearest the door.
	"Spread your legs and bend your knees."
	Rose opened her legs for him, parting them and then bending her knees so
she was exposed to him. He looked her legs over, making sure the skin was
unbroken and that the marks were healing. They looked alright to him. Some of
the red welts were still angry-looking and prominent.
	"Turn over, but leave your legs open." Richard said, not asking, but
commanding her. She turned over immediately, leaving her legs apart. Her ass was
worse than the fronts of her legs. Many of the welts on her ass were
nasty-looking and swollen still. The skin wasn't broken and she wasn't bleeding,
but the welts had to be fairly painful still.
	"Do they still hurt?" He asked her.
	"Yes, sir, but they're not too bad." She replied, not moving from her
position.
	"I'm glad you are alright, Rose. Get on your hands and knees and turn
around, facing the cage door." Richard stated plainly.
	"Yes, sir." She said and rose to her hands and knees and turned around
toward the cage door. She looked up at him, waiting to see what he would do
next.
	He unlocked the cage door and let her crawl out. She waited as he locked
the door back. He clipped the leash to her collar and took her to the dirt patch
so she could relieve herself. She hadn't asked, but he figured she would need
the relief. In fact, he was right. She had been fighting the urge of her bowels
for awhile now and had started cramping slightly while waiting for him to come
back. She dug her little hole in the dirt and squatted over it. Shortly a stream
of yellow piss flowed steadily into the hole as she relaxed her bowels to
relieve them. Richard watched her with interest; not particularly looking at her
as the feces was coming out of her, but looking at her face. He wanted to see if
he could tell what she was feeling, whether it was shame, resignation or
something different altogether. She seemed shamed, but she also seemed resolute.
Perhaps the latest round of discipline had really affected her. Or perhaps she
was just in shock and would be back to her normal self by tomorrow. Who knew
when it came to Rose?
	After a moment, Rose's feces fell into the hole, making a slight
plopping sound. She turned around, not looking into the hole, and buried her
waste. She had not been given any toilet paper, so there was no way for her to
wipe herself. Richard tugged her leash and she followed him, crawling, back
toward the cabin. She could imagine the nastiness that must have been her anus,
poking into the air as she crawled. Thankfully, no one was around to see her,
except Richard and he wasn't looking at her.
	Richard led her back to the porch and unleashed her. Her told her to
stand up, gave her the water hose again and instructed her to fill the pot. She
complied perfectly as he went and restarted the fire. Soon, the pot was filled
and Richard had carried it to the fire to heat. He sat in the rocker on the
porch, making Rose act as a footstool before him. He made her place her forehead
on the wooden planks of the porch, her ass high in the air and facing him. She
was very conscious of her still-dirty asshole as she sat there, exposed, before
him. He took no notice of her asshole or any other part of her as he propped his
feet on her ass and rocked steadily back and forth. He would pause occasionally
to go check the fire or to see how warm the water was.
	Once the water was heated, he went into the cabin to get a pair of
potholders. He took the pot to the outhouse behind the cabin and emptied the hot
water into the bathtub. He then ran some cool water to equalize the temperature
so he would be comfortable.
	His bath drawn, he took the pot back to the shed and locked it away. He
fetched Rose from the porch, leashing her and making her crawl to the outhouse
behind him. He tied her leash to a towel rod and began taking off his clothes.
She watched him, looking his body over, as he undressed. This was not the
Richard she had known in high school. This Richard was more muscular, not
ripped, but nicely shaped. He was also a little taller, but she thought it might
have been because he was standing straighter now than he did in high school. She
remembered he always walked hunched over, like a turtle, in school. Either he
had poor posture or his poor self-esteem caused him to walk with a hunch. Now,
though, he stood upright and straight and seemed to exude confidence.
	Rose found her eyes drawn to his cock as he pulled his underwear off and
tossed them onto the pile of his clothing near where she was made to kneel. His
cock was surrounded by a patch of dark hair, which was kept closely cropped,
probably by a beard clipper or something similar. His cock was flaccid at the
moment, but was still quite nice. She tried to look away from his cock when she
noticed him looking down at her, but she couldn't. Her lips were parted slightly
and she seemed to not be in control of her breath. What the fuck was that all
about anyway? She wanted him. How could she want him? Here he was, some evil,
kidnapping asshole, but holy shit he looked good naked. She could imagine what
he would feel like with that cock inside her. She shook her head slightly,
trying to remove that image from her head. She couldn't make it go away though.
Was she really that desperate? Did she really need a thick, warm cock inside
her, like his, so badly that she had to turn to the one person she knew damn
well she should not? Holy god, though, she thought, it looked so good to her.
	Richard had turned toward her and had noticed her eyes riveted on his
cock. He saw the looks passing over her face. He saw her eyes, her mouth and the
way she had parted her lips. He knew what she was thinking and, although he was
as confused about this as she was, he decided to test something in his mind.
	He walked toward her slowly, only a few feet, but she still couldn't
take her eyes from him. He approached her very closely, his cock right before
her face. Her eyes never left his cock as he approached her. For some reason,
she wanted this. She knew what would happen, but she didn't care. She wanted it;
even though she knew she shouldn't at the same time. She tilted her head back a
little, her eyes moving off his cock for the first time and looking directly up
into his.
	He moved his hips forward slightly and watched as her lips moved toward
his cock. Her mouth opened as if it had a mind of its own and her tongue slinked
slowly out of her mouth and toward the soft, warm skin of him. Her tongue found
the head of his cock and licked it lightly. It was soft and the skin was a
little salty from his sweat. She closed her lips around the head of his cock and
sucked it into her mouth gently. His cock seemed to flinch at her touch and he
took in a deep breath as her lips closed over his cock. He closed his eyes and
let out a soft moan at her touch. She felt his cock begin to harden in her
mouth. She opened her mouth again and took his cock back between her lips, but
farther in this time. He was now fully erect and she had to get farther up on
her knees to take him again, but she did it. She took his cock into her mouth,
moving her tongue over the head, tightening her lips over his shaft, sucking her
cheeks in against his soft skin. She moved her mouth back and forth over his
cock, licking it, sucking it and teasing it with a desire she did not know she
possessed. He moaned as she sucked him off and she moaned as he moaned.
Something about bringing him pleasure seemed to make her feel better. For many
long moments she continued to suck him, working her lips and tongue and cheeks.
The longer she went the more rapid his breaths became and the more turned on she
became as well. She could feel her pussy dripping down her thighs as she was
sucking him. Oh god, she thought, he feels so good in me. She moaned against his
cock.
	"Would you like me to cum in your mouth, Rose?" Richard asked her
softly.
	She nodded lightly, not wanting to let his cock out of her mouth for
fear of losing this wonderful feeling of having him inside her.
	"Good." He whispered, his muscles tightening slightly and his breathing
becoming more rapid. After just a few more seconds, he tensed and groaned as he
emptied his cum into her mouth. It tasted bitter, but it was so good to her. She
couldn't get enough of it. She sucked greedily on his cock as he continued to
fill her mouth with his juice. Soon, she had every last drop and he pulled his
cock from her mouth and she swallowed the cum he had given her. She looked up at
him, panting, her eyes lusty and smouldering. She wanted him to fuck her. She
wanted him to pull her up from her knees, bend her over and fuck her helpless
horny cunt until she came and came and came. She didn't even know it, but her
need was so strong that she growled deep in her throat, an animal noise, but not
unnoticed by Richard. He looked down between her legs and saw a shallow pool of
her pussy juice on the floor underneath her and her thighs were covered with her
own wetness.
	He turned away from her, eliciting a small noise of protest from her,
but that is all she dared. She did not open her mouth to say anything nor did
she try to complain. She did not want to be displeasing to him, especially right
now. She wanted him inside her, fucking her and making her cum. She would be
good. She would be a very good little slut for him. He entered the warm bath
water and lay back in the tub, sighing deeply. She looked upon him, now lusting
after him for two reasons. She wanted him, of course, but now she also wanted to
be in that bath with him. She would have loved to clean herself off and to get
the grime off her and to clean her still-dirty asshole.
	"May I please join you, sir?" She asked him quietly.
	"No, you may not." He replied without any hesitation whatsoever. "But I
would like to ask you some things." He added after a short moment's thought.
	"Yes?" She asked with interest.
	"You have started calling me sir since I left you here and went
shopping. Why is that?" He looked over at her to watch her face.
	"I want to be more pleasing to you." She said shyly, and was very aware
that he was watching her. "I don't want you to have to whip me anymore sir."
	"Is that all, Rose?" He asked. "That's not really what I want your
motivation to be. I don't want you to be afraid of me. I just want you to learn
something from me."
	"Yes sir, I will try to remember that and learn from you in the future."
	"Will you?" He asked and looked away, no longer concerned with looking
at her face. She felt suddenly ashamed.
	"I will try to at least." She replied, wanting very much for him to look
at her again. To see how much she wanted to please him and how serious she was
about this.
	He said nothing more to her for a few moments. He closed his eyes and
relaxed back into the tub, letting the water warm him. Rose had noticed the room
was warmer, too, and humid. Maybe it was just her that was warm and humid,
though.
	After several long moments, he looked back at here and said, "I want you
to be good from now on and do as you are told, no matter what. Can you do that
for me, Rose?"
	"I really don't know." She answered and looked down at the floorboards.
"What would you have me do?"
	"Anything I want, Rose." He replied. "I want you to comply with me, no
matter what I ask of you or want you to do or want to do to you."
	"I will try to do as you ask." She said, but did not move her gaze from
the floor of the outhouse. "I don't know if I can, though." She hated to say it,
because she didn't want to anger him again. She was beginning to realize that
having him happy with her was much better than having him angry with her.
	He sat forward in the bathtub and reached across to her. She flinched
away from him, but he took her chin in his hand and forced her to look up at
him.
	"You will do as I ask, Rose." He said, looking directly into her eyes.
"You will because you don't have any choice."
	"Yes sir," She said, her composure cracking suddenly as she began to
weep in his hand. He took his hand way from her chin, but she found herself
leaning forward to keep his touch. She wanted him to touch her.
	He leaned back into the tub, sinking back into the water. She knelt
where she was and wept quietly.
	After about a half hour or so, Richard took a washcloth and began to
wash himself off. Rose looked at the soap and the cloth longingly. She also
looked at Richard's chest longingly. God, what had happened to her? Why couldn't
she take her mind off of him? She could still taste his cum on her tongue. Her
pussy was getting hot again, too. Soon she would be running with her juices and
there was nothing she could do about it. Her body was betraying her and she
couldn't fucking well believe it. She could remember him in her mouth, his cock
hardening against her tongue, his cum in her mouth. God, she loved it! She
fucking wanted more and she wanted more now!
	Richard was washing his hair now. He had rinsed the soap from his skin
and lathered his hair. Once he was finished washing his hair, he rinsed it off,
pulled the plug on the tub and got out of the warm bath water. Instantly, Rose's
eyes were transfixed on his cock. It was limp, but the warm water had made it
hang lower and his balls looked bigger and hung lower, too. She felt her mouth
watering for more of him, more of his cum, more of anything of his.
	He reached over to her and unclipped her leash from the collar.
	"Come over here." He said, indicating the floor before the toilet. She
quickly crawled the few feet to where he had indicated and then settled back on
her knees again.
	"Bend forward and turn your head to the side." He said. "Place the side
of your head against the rim of the toilet bowl."
	Saying nothing, she did as she was instructed, bending forward and
placing her right ear against the rim of the bowl. She knew what he was going to
do. It made her sick to think of it, but she tried her hardest to keep her
composure. She wanted to please him, but this was going to be very hard for her
to do.
	"Put your tongue out, Rose." He said, stepping forward and standing over
her.
	She put her tongue out and a short moment later she felt the warm stream
of his piss hit her mouth and pass over her tongue. The taste was bitter and
quite unpleasant and she did retch at first, but she held herself together
amazingly well. He pissed across her tongue for a few moments until he was
finished. He then made her hold his cock in her mouth while he squeezed out the
last drippings of urine. She could taste it in her mouth, the bitter liquid
pooling around her tongue. She almost retched again, but Richard held her firmly
so she couldn't force the liquid from her mouth.
	Once he was finished urinating in her mouth, he took her mouth away from
his cock and told her to swallow what was given to her. She bowed her head and
did as she was told. The thought was disgusting to her, but the actual act
itself wasn't too bad.
	How she had changed these last couple of days. Three days ago, there
would have been no way in hell she would have swallowed anyone's piss, let alone
Richard's. Now, though, here she was, taking it and swallowing it and thinking
how not too bad it was. She went from hating him and wanting to see him dead to
wanting nothing more at all than to suck and fuck him until he was satisfied
with her. She wanted him to be happy with her and happy with her progress. She
really did want to be pleasing to him now. Resistance, as the saying went, was
futile, after all.




Chapter Six: Rose Gets Punished


	Richard got dressed, leashed Rose and led her out of the outhouse. He
led her to the front of the cabin, near the front of her cage. He had her kneel
and wait for him to return. He went into the cabin to fetch a few things he
would need to punish Rose accordingly for her foolishness this morning.
	The first thing he brought out of the cabin was a folding metal chair he
set it up right behind Rose and went back into the cabin to get the rest of the
items he would need. Rose hadn't moved or even looked up since Richard had told
her where to kneel. When he returned, she was till right where he had left her
and still looking directly at the dirt in front of her. He laid the rolled up
towel containing the remainder of the items he needed in the seat if the chair
and went to get the water hose. He picked up the free end of the hose and turned
the water on, extending the hose as he walked back to Rose.
	He sat down in the chair behind her and spoke to her softly, saying,
"Rose, I am going to punish you for the way you acted this morning. Your
behaviour was completely unacceptable and I want this to be a reminder to you
not to act that way again."
	"I thought you had already punished me for that." Rose said, somewhat
startled. "The whipping you gave me, wasn't that punishment enough?"
	"That was not your punishment, Rose." Richard explained. "I was
disciplining you, yes, but I want your punishment to be something lasting. I
want it to be something you will not soon forget."
	"I won't forget that whipping, I assure you, sir."
	"You probably won't, but you certainly won't forget this either. Now,
you have two choices, you can just be good and accept what I am about to do to
you without complaining or you and I can fight about this, then I will have to
restrain you, give you your punishment anyway and then punish you again for
acting badly and not accepting my wishes."
	"May I at least ask what my punishment will be?" Rose said, although she
wasn't terribly sure she really wanted to know.
	Richard considered this for a moment. Might as well tell her, he
thought. See what her reaction will be.
	"I am going to shave all the hair off your head." He said, keeping his
voice firm, but flat, trying not to show any emotion.
	Rose bent her head forward and he heard her sniffle once. He knew she
was proud of her hair and this would probably be a blow to her. She had
beautiful blonde hair below her shoulder blades in length. Usually, it was
bright and shiny and well-combed, although the last couple of days, she hadn't
been able to keep it like she would have liked it. It had become rather filthy,
somewhat tangled and matted.
	As Rose wept in front of him, he unrolled the towel in his lap,
revealing a pair of scissors, not barber shears, but regular paper scissors, the
beard trimmer he used to keep his pubic hair short, the straight razor he had
purchased in town earlier today and a can of shaving cream.
	He took her hair in one hand and the scissors in the other. He gathered
as much of her hair as he could in his one hand, then brought the scissors up
and started to cut. Rose could feel the tug as he gathered up her hair, she knew
he had the scissors and she heard it when he started cutting her hair off. She
shook and wept more furiously. This was her own fault, she thought. Had she not
been so stupid, she would not be in this position now. Richard continued to cut
off her hair with the scissors, taking as much as he could off with them before
moving to the trimmer. He made Rose hold the long tail of her hair that he had
cut off while he continued to work on her with the trimmer. She continued to
weep, but offered no resistance. She had learned her lesson about that and would
continue to learn it, it seemed. She looked down at the dirty mass of her hair
in her hands. Her shoulders shook as she continued to weep. She could feel how
much cooler her head was already and Richard still wasn't done. He was still
running the trimmer over her scalp, cutting the hair away as close to the scalp
as he could. After he finished with the trimmer, she heard him squirt shaving
cream into the palm of one of his hands. He rubbed the shaving cream all over
her scalp, from the back of her neck up to the apex of her forehead. He wiped
off his hands and took up the straight razor. He began shaving her hair
completely off her scalp, wiping the razor after each strip was taken off.
Eventually, he was finished and he wiped the remnants of the shaving cream off
her head. He inspected his work, noting how her bald head seemed to glint in the
late afternoon sun. She was completely shaved and her scalp was shiny and soft
to the touch. He ran his fingers over every square inch of her scalp, checking
to make sure he didn't miss any spots at all. As he ran his fingers over her
scalp, Rose could feel how differently her head felt now with no hair. Her scalp
seemed alive with feeling now that the nerves were not dulled by the presence of
all her hair.
	How she must have looked, she thought. Her legs, pussy, armpits and now
her head completely bald, the rest of the hair on her body was fine and blonde,
so it would almost look to anyone that saw her that she had no hair on her body
at all. That coupled with her pale skin would make for an interesting image, for
sure. Truly, the loss of her hair would only serve to accentuate how pale her
skin really was. That was something she had always been conscious of anyway. She
had tried to tan or to lie out in the sun, but her skin seemed to go directly
from white to red with no shades of brown in between. It just wasn't possible
for her to tan.
	So there she was, kneeling in the dirt, her ass dirty from defecating
without the benefit of toilet paper, her head shaved and glossy in the sunlight,
her face streaked with dirt and tears and the taste of Richard still lingering
in her mouth. She had to admit, she thought she was broken. She didn't think she
had the spirit to fight this anymore. She would just do what he told her to do
and not complain or hesitate. If he wanted her to piss and shit in a hole, she
would. If he wanted to piss on her, she would just let him. If he wanted her
head, pussy, legs and armpits shaved, then shaved they would be. She was his toy
now. His dominance over her seemed complete, but was it really? Could she just
give herself up after only two days? Richard had obviously made plans to keep
her here much longer than that. He must have thought she would put up more of a
fight than this pitiful effort. The thing was that she didn't want to fight him
anymore. She didn't want him to hurt her anymore. She didn't want to be punished
anymore. She just wanted to be good and try to please him as best as she could
so he wouldn't harm or punish her. Who knew what he would do the next time she
was bad? He had shaved her head this time. What would he do next time? Her head
swam. She was so completely out of her normal mind set that she didn't know who
she was anymore. Who was it that was thinking all of these thoughts? Where was
the fight that was in her? Where was her spirit, her self-confidence and her
haughty, better than everyone attitude? All of it just seemed to be gone; her
fight taken away like her freedom, her spirit beaten into submission by each
lash of his belt and the riding crop, her self-confidence buried in a little
hole like her urine and feces and her haughty attitude peeled away from her just
as her hair had been shorn away from her.
	She was no longer herself. She was no longer Rose, the high school
cheerleader. No longer was she the better than everyone bitch. No longer was she
the Rose that all the boys desired and lusted after. Now, she was just some slut
to be whipped, pissed on, humiliated, shaved and used however her captor and
tormentor wanted.
	She would be a good girl now. She would do as she was told. She would
follow orders and obey. She would do all of this in the hopes that one day she
would be taken back into society and then she could escape from him. She had to
escape from him. If she couldn't, if he wouldn't allow it, she would lose her
mind completely. She might not be able to outwardly or physically resist him,
but her mind was still up to the task.
	She assumed that one day they would leave here, to go back to the city
and then she could scream and people would hear her. She could cry out and
people would see and come help her. She could run and actually have someplace to
go. There were people in positions of authority that would help her and rescue
her from him. There had to be. That was the only hope she had left.
	If he killed her here or left her here to die, it would be the same as
if she went back to society and could not escape from him. She had to have some
kind of hope of eventually regaining her freedom.
	While Rose was kneeling where she had been left, lost in her thoughts
and staring at what was once her hair, Richard had put all of his equipment away
and taken the chair back into the cabin. The towel had gone into a laundry
basket that his family kept here for dirty clothing and linens. He washed the
razor, the scissors and the trimmer and put them all back where they belonged.
Once he was finished, he went outside to fetch Rose.
	He walked to her and took the lock of hair from her. He found some twine
in the cabin and hung the lock of hair from a corner of her cage so she could
look at it and remember what happened when she was bad. He then retrieved her
leash and walked to her, clipping the leash to her collar. He gave the leash a
tug and she dropped without complaint to her hands and knees and followed him.
He took her up the steps and into the cabin.
	It was the first time she had been inside the cabin. She began to look
around, noting how rustic and homely the place was. It made her feel a little
better to be inside this place. She felt a little special that he had finally
showed it to her. She brightened a little bit.
	While Richard had been shaving Rose, the sun had drifted farther down in
the sky and late afternoon had given way to evening. While he had been washing
his equipment and putting everything back in their proper places, the sun had
drifted from evening to twilight. The air had gotten chill, but Rose, kneeling
where she had been left, hadn't even noticed it. She probably would have
remained there until Richard had retrieved her, even if he had left her there
for two days.
	As she looked around, Rose noticed a shelf near the stove that had boxes
of crackers and other assorted snack foods on it. She realized suddenly that she
had not eaten all day. She wondered if Richard realized it or if not feeding her
had just been an oversight on his part. Seeing the food, though, her mouth began
to water and her stomach grumbled.
	From her position on her hands and knees, she looked up at Richard and
asked, "May I have something to eat, please? I have not yet eaten today."
	Richard looked down at her and said, "So it would seem, wouldn't it? I
suppose I should feed you something, shouldn't I?"
	"It would be terribly nice of you if you would, sir."
	Richard set about making a brief dinner for the both of them while Rose
sat on the floor and watched. Richard threw together a simple salad from
vegetables he had picked up from the market earlier and then he made a can of
chicken soup and a can of corn. He served himself portions first, then prepared
Rose a bowl of soup and a plate for her corn and salad and placed it on the
floor for her. She ate her salad with her fingers, licking them clean of
dressing after each bite. The corn was a little harder. She had to pick up
individual pieces and eat them one at a time. The soup she sipped from the bowl.
Needless to say, because he had the luxury of a fork and spoon, Richard finished
before Rose and moved to the back of the cabin to make a fire in the fireplace.
Soon, the fire was crackling and the air in the cabin has a rosy, warm glow.
Rose had finished her meal, but waited until Richard had finished setting the
fire before telling him she was finished. He took her plate and bowl and placed
them in the sink. He washed the plates and bowls they had used, as well as the
pots in which he had cooked the soup and corn.
	"Tomorrow, you will start doing the dishes." He said, looking down at
her. She looked away, something flashed through her mind about how she would not
do such a menial task herself, but she squashed the thought before it formed
into words.
	Richard continued, "You will also start doing other things around here.
You will learn to clean and cook as well as other things around here. I will
teach you to make a fire. I will show you how to heat water for my baths. If you
learn well and you are very, very good, I will start rewarding you for your
efforts. I might even let you have a bath once a week or so."
	She had been sitting there on the floor, listening to him speak, in
quiet, righteous indignation as he described her menial little existence as if
it were nothing to him. The moment he mentioned rewards and a bath, however, she
started listening in earnest and wondering what she could do to make her
progress improve quickly. Her face brightened at the idea of actually being
allowed to bathe. It would feel so good to actually be able to wash for once and
to get the shit, piss and grit off herself. It would feel so good to be able to
wash her... hair.
	Damn it! That brought things back into perspective for her somewhat. He
had shaved her head! He hadn't just cropped her hair or clipped it short, he had
shaved her completely bald! That son of a bitch. How could he dare to do that to
her?
	"Let me guess." Richard began. Rose was startled as he spoke. She looked
up and saw him sitting on the hearth watching her. "You're upset about losing
your hair, right? You're probably sitting there wondering how I could have done
such a horrible thing to you, right."
	"You're damned right." She said, not realizing she had said it until
after it came out. "Oh shit. I'm sorry." She tried to correct her mistake before
he took it out on her.
	He smiled and said, "I was wondering if there was still some of the old
Rose in there somewhere. I see that there is, but that's alright. We have plenty
of time to work that out."
	He motioned for her to come to him. Without even thinking, she dropped
to her hands and knees and crawled the short distance to him over the rough,
wooden floor. She knelt in front of him, but s little to the right of him so she
could feel some of the warmth from the fire.
	"Just remember that your hair being cut off was a punishment for how
poorly you acted this morning. I do not expect it to be your last punishment,
but I do expect you to learn from them. Remember what I told you; the nicer you
are to me, the nicer I will be to you."
	"I know." She said. "I shouldn't have pissed in your pot and tried to
run away. I will make an effort to be more pleasant."
	"That would be very good, Rose, but I don't believe you. At least I
don't believe you yet. I know there's still enough of the old Rose in there
still to rebel against my authority and to balk at the tasks given to her.
That's fine, because I expect it from you. I know I will have to whip you and
punish you again before you completely settle into your new life."
	Rose started to say something, but he stopped her before she could
speak.
	"In fact," He continued. "If you try to run away again, that will be
your third strike. You do not want three strikes against you for any one
particular mistake. The consequences for that are going to be nasty."
	Rose wondered what Richard could do that would be nastier than what he
had already done to her. She was pretty sure he meant it, though. If he had
showed her nothing in the last couple of days, it was that he had an imagination
for hurting and humiliating her.
	"Well, the fire is going, we've eaten, I suppose we should consider
turning in for the evening." Richard said, looking at her in no particular way.
	As he stood, Rose waited to be leashed and shown to the cage outside,
but instead Richard began undressing. He took off his boots and socks, then his
shirt and pants. Rose looked at him in the firelight, noting the muscles in his
chest and back and the way his cock bulged against the front of his underwear.
	She seemed to be mesmerized by him, particularly by his cock. She didn't
know why, but the moment he took off his clothes, she lost the will to think
about anything else. It had happened both times he had undressed before her.
Now, he was standing before her clad only in his briefs and she could think of
little else than having his cock in her mouth again, or better, her pussy this
time. She felt a wave of heat emanate from between her legs and she knew she
must be getting wet.
	He pulled off his underwear, exposing his flaccid cock to her. She
watched him as he sat down n the side of the bed. He pulled the blanket back and
slid under. He beckoned her to the bed, holding the blanket for her. She was
very tentative at first, but she crawled to the bed and slipped under the
blanket with him. His skin felt good against her as hers did against him. She
was soft and smooth, he was firm and warm.
	She lay there under the blanket with him, not quite knowing what to do
or what was expected of her. He leaned toward her and kissed her neck, then her
shoulder. She shivered at his touch. She felt like she should have been
revolted, but his touch felt good to her. She found herself wanting him, but not
quite knowing why. He kissed her tenderly from her shoulder to her breast,
sucking her nipple into his mouth. She gasped quietly and rolled toward him. She
tingled with anticipation. He continued to suck her nipple, rolling his tongue
over the stiffening bud. Goose flesh rose up on her, covering her belly and
breasts. His hand moved up her arm, raising more goose flesh. He moved his mouth
away from her breast, and then slid his hand over her breast and to her belly.
She was breathing deeply, panting with her lust.
	"Fuck!" She almost shouted, turning away from him. "What's happening to
me? Why am I so turned on by you? Why do you excite me, Richard? I want to hate
you for what you have done to me. I want to scratch out your eyes and run away,
but something keeps drawing me to you. I want you. I hate feeling this way and I
hate admitting this, but you excite me."
	"You're just confused, Rose." He said, kissing her lightly on the back.
She shivered again and pressed her back to his lips. "Stop fighting me and just
let things happen. You might find that you start enjoying things a lot more."
	"I shouldn't be enjoying this at all, though." She said gasping as he
kissed her between the shoulders.
	"Yes you should, Rose. You should learn to enjoy the nice times and fear
the times you are bad. If you are a good girl, you will be treated well. I
you're not, you will be punished, sometimes severely. Accept these things and
let them happen."
	"I just can't do that, Richard."
	"Sure you can, Rose. Just watch." He said and kissed her shoulder again.
He slid one of his hands over her hip and up the side of her belly. He cupped
her breast and pinched her nipple lightly between his fingers. She moaned
lightly and pressed her body against his. He moved his mouth to the side of her
neck and kissed and licked it lightly. She moaned again, her hips moving on
their own accord, pressing into him.
	"Are you enjoying that, Rose?" He whispered in her ear, and then licked
her earlobe.
	"Yes." She replied and shivered again, closing her eyes.
	"Good." He said. "You should. Stop thinking about everything and just
let yourself have some fun."
	Still rolling her nipple between his fingers, he used his other hand to
run his fingers lightly over her now bare scalp. She shivered and moaned again,
even though she felt like she should have been disgusted. The way he made her
feel made her want to forget about those negative emotions and just think about
how nice this was. He licked the side of her neck again and her hips moved
against him again. She could feel his cock pressing against the cheek of her
ass. She wiggled her ass until his cock slid between her cheeks, pressing it
between them. He continued to lick and kiss at her shoulders, neck and back, all
the while pinching and rolling her nipples between his fingers. Soon, Rose was
moaning and panting in obvious lust. She was pressed tightly against Richard,
her hips bucking against him causing his cock to slide between her ass cheeks.
He grew harder as she stroked him with her ass. He moved the hand that was
playing with her nipples downward, over her belly and to her soaking wet pussy.
She spread her legs without any hesitation and his fingers slid between them.
The tips of his fingers found their way into her slit, tickling her clit. She
gasped loudly and arched against him again more fervently. She rolled onto her
back; her legs wide open for him. He fingered her juicy pussy, sliding first one
finger, then two and then three fingers into her. Still kissing and licking her
neck and shoulder, his finger penetrated her, drawing the moisture from her
smooth pink hole. He bent his mouth again to her breasts, sucking hard at her
nipples, drawing the hard nubs, first the left then the right, into his mouth.
She was moaning and gasping as he toyed with her. She loved how he was making
her feel. She wanted more. She wanted to cum. Her pussy was flowing with juices
and pooling on the bed sheet under her ass. She could feel Richard's fingers in
her pussy and playing with her clit. Her hips moved to meet each thrust as his
fingers fucked her. Her moans became louder and louder as her heat and desire
rose.
	Richard roughly turned her back onto her side, her ass again pressed
against his cock. He reached down and moved the head of his cock to the entrance
of her flowing pussy. He pushed it into her in one rough stroke, his hands
holding her shoulders so he was buried deeply inside her instantly.
	"Oh, yes!" Rose screamed, feeling the length of him buried inside her.
Her pussy clenched at him, seeking to hold him inside her.
	He began moving his cock back and forth inside her, slowly, making her
moan at each stroke. He pulled her tightly against him, his hands seeking out
her breasts, pinching her nipples roughly. She cried out even louder as the new
sensation caused her lust to grow even further. He began fucking her faster and
harder and pulling her nipples so they stung with delicious pain. Rose was
eating it all up. Her bald head was pressed against Richard's shoulder as he
licked her earlobe and nibbled her neck. He whispered dirty little words in her
ear to drive her desire. He continued to torture her nipples while his cock slid
all the way into and back out of her over and over again. She bucked against him
like a wanton whore, her cries of desire growing louder and louder.
	Richard pulled his cock out of her pussy and turned her over. Rose saw
the lust in his eyes. They were dark and burning with desire. His breath was
hard and fast. He pulled her by the shoulders down on the bed so his cock was
right before her face. Without a second though, she opened her mouth and took
him into her. She sucked his hard, hot cock with every bit of desire that drove
her. The heat in her pussy driving her to please him and to make him cum. She
wanted his cum in her mouth. It would be her reward for pleasing him and being
appealing. She could taste her pussy on him and she didn't care. She licked and
sucked her juices off his cock, then took him back into her mouth. He held the
back of her smooth, bald head and pumped his cock in and out of it as she sucked
her lips tightly against him. He cried out and his cock leapt in her mouth as
his seed shot into her. She took it all in greedily, feeling so lucky to have
received this reward from him. As soon as he was finished filling her mouth with
his cum, she moved her mouth away from him to swallow it. He took her chin in
his hand and turned her face upward to him before she could swallow his juice.
	"Show it to me." He said.
	She opened her mouth widely, proudly showing the thick white fluid still
held within her jaws and lips. She stuck out her tongue so he could see how much
he had given her.
	"That's a good girl." He said. "Now, you may swallow it."
	Eagerly, she gulped his cum down her throat, revelling in the taste. She
felt so good to be allowed to do so. She felt so good being with him. She wanted
him to use her. She would do anything he desired.
	Richard reached up on a shelf above the bed and took down two prepared
lengths of rope. He tied her wrists together and secured them to the headboard,
leaving only about six inches of rope for her to move her wrists. He repeated
the process on her ankles, securing them to the footboard of the bed. He covered
her with the blanket, and then put his arm around her as he began to drift to
sleep.
	Thus, Rose was allowed to spend her first night in the cabin, sleeping
with Richard. She was tied like a prisoner, but she didn't care. She just felt
good to be near him and to feel his body next to hers. She knew she was acting a
feeling just like a slut, but it didn't matter to her. It felt good.
	Her pussy was still hot and dripping, because she had not been allowed
to cum, but it only made Rose feel more excited to be near Richard. Her body
pressed so closely to his body really only served to make her wetter. Every time
he moved against her or she pressed into him, her pussy juices would coat
whatever touched her. Her excitement made it hard for her to fall asleep, but
she did soon enough, sleeping quite contentedly.
	Sometime in the middle of the night, he woke her by sliding his cock
into her pussy again. Instantly, she was a complete slut against his body. He
fucked her hard and fast while she cried out at each stroke of his cock. He came
in her pussy this time and he still did not allow her the release of orgasm.
	Her pussy was still wet and slick with both his and her juices as she
fell asleep the second time. She slept comfortably, tied as she was, with
Richard still holding her. She was a good girl and this is how good girls were
treated.




Chapter Seven: Rose Starts to Learn



	The next morning, they woke up later than normal. Rose cooked her first
breakfast ever and served it to Richard on her knees. She held up the plate of
too-runny eggs and over-done toast to Richard from her place on her knees next
to his chair. She did get the sausages right at least. He told her that she
could eat that plate, but she would have to cook his better than she had done
hers. She was chagrined, but she went right back to the stove and cooked another
plate. He set the plate she had first prepared on the floor for her to eat when
she was finished cooking his breakfast again.

	Soon, she presented him with another plate of hot food. The toast was a
little darker than he liked, but this effort was much better than the last. The
eggs were nicely done and the sausages were cooked through. He took the plate
from her and placed it on the table in front of him. He told her that she could
eat, but she had to eat like a dog for messing up the first plate. She was not
allowed to use her hands.

	For the next several moments, they both ate silently. Richard sat at the
table and ate his hot plate of food while Rose ate her cold, undercooked food on
her hands and knees on the floor. She took mouthfuls of cold food without using
her hands and even licked the egg yolk from the plate. Richard told her what a
good girl she was for cleaning her plate and told her she could now wash the
dishes.

	Rose was pretty clueless about the whole washing dishes thing. Richard
had to show her how the sink plug was used, how much dish soap to use and how to
put the dishes into the drainer after she was finished.

	When she was finished with breakfast and dishes, Richard took her
outside. He turned the water hose on and hosed her down for her morning bath. He
gave her the disposable razor and shaving cream and told her to shave her legs,
armpits and pussy smooth. Once she finished and he rinsed her off, he produced
his straight razor, lathered her head and shaved her head smooth and bald and
making sure the stubble was completely gone. He rinsed her head with the hose
and collected all the shaving accessories and took them back into the cabin. He
made her kneel next to the small kitchen sink while he shaved his face.

	When he was done, he took her out to let her piss. She made her little
hole and relieved herself in it and then covered it up like she had been taught
to do. When she was finished, Richard took her to the outhouse while he relieved
himself as well.



	This is how things went for the next several days. She prepared meals,
she washed dishes and she did as she was told. She learned to build a fire. She
learned to make Richard's baths. She began sweeping the porch, at his behest,
every morning. After the first night in the cabin, she was returned to her cage
on subsequent nights, but she was still brought back into the cabin for chores,
cooking and sex. Richard began making use of Rose anytime he felt like it now.
Whether they were inside or outside or in the outhouse, he would pull her to her
knees and push his cock into her mouth or he would push her onto her back and
take her or he would take her while she was on her hands and knees. So far, all
of her that he had used was her pussy and mouth. He was saving her ass for
something special. He wasn't sure what for yet, but he knew he wanted her first
time taking his cock in her ass to be very memorable.

	During the next week, Rose was only disciplined once and that was for
dropping an entire pot of boiled potatoes on the cabin floor. Needless to say,
after she was whipped for being so clumsy and after she had prepared a new pot
of potatoes, she was made to eat the cold, dirty potatoes off the floor and then
eat the food he put on her plate. She was stuffed by the end of dinnertime that
night.

	She had begun to gain some weight. It was a pleasant change in her, from
Richard's point of view. He liked her thighs a little plumper and her ass a
little rounder. It seemed that even her breasts had gained a little roundness.
She was not getting fat by any stretch of the imagination, but at least her
thighs touched together now when she stood with her ankles together.

	She seemed to be happy serving him now. He still talked to her often and
tried pushing her buttons every now and then just to see how she would react. It
seemed she was truly becoming his piece of property finally. To be sure, Rose
was getting into the habit of serving him. She hardly minded doing the chores
anymore. She was starting actually to like cooking and tried to experiment with
what flavours tasted good together, to Richard's displeasure on occasion. Even
when Rose crawled these days, her head was up and her eyes looking around rather
than how she usually kept her head down and her eyes looking at the ground.

	From Rose's standpoint, all kinds of things were happening in her mind.
She was growing accustomed to living like this. She knew if she behaved and
acted right she would be treated well. She tried to be as pleasing as possible.
She was diligent in her chores. She paid attention to the lessons Richard was
teaching her, even though she would have classified most of them as menial tasks
that were beneath her only a month ago. She was even getting used to being used
by him. Well, there was more to it than that. She craved being used by Richard.
She couldn't get enough of his cock in her. Whether she was servicing him with
her mouth or her pussy, she greedily took as much of his cock as she could. It
was like she was addicted to it. All Richard had to do was to pull his cock out
and let her see it and she got wet and wanting.

	That wasn't entirely true either. Since Richard had been using her, he
had not yet given her the luxury of one single orgasm. The one time she had
tried to touch herself, Richard had slapped the backs of her knuckles with an
egg spatula. She didn't need reminding again that she wasn't to try to bring
herself to orgasm and that Richard would be the only one distributing those
prizes.

	Needless to say, her present condition was one of almost constant
arousal. At any given time, her pussy was wet and ready. She had a smoky,
starved look in her eyes. In the morning when Richard would come get her from
her cage, the very first thoughts that ran through her mind were of how he would
use her today, or if he would use her today. She had begun to become distressed
by the possibility that he might not use her and she would go through her whole
day under so much sexual torment. Anytime he was near her now, her clit throbbed
and her nipples hardened.

	Richard noticed all of this, of course. He noticed how she would try to
rub her hips against him when she was eating next to him. He noticed that her
nipples were almost constantly erect now. He even noticed that her smell would
get stronger if he showed her the slightest inkling of interest now. He felt
confident that she was moving into the place in which he wanted her. That place
of total, helpless servitude. He felt like she might almost be there, but he
knew there were still some facets of the old Rose left in her and they had to be
completely squashed away before he could risk moving her out of the cabin. He
would have to completely crush her and destroy all the old attitudes she had and
replace them with only the new ones that he wanted her to have. He wanted Rose
to become the cowed, wanton, servile slut that he would mould her into and that
he knew she could become.

	Now, how to go about it? Sure, having her do menial tasks like cooking
and cleaning would dampen her spirits and the constant sexual frustration would
certainly make her crave to be more pleasing, but what he needed was something
to really break her. Something she couldn't easily forget or cast aside with a
whim, something permanent, perhaps. He would have to think on it and decide what
would be the best thing for her.

	

	To be sure, Rose was undergoing some changes in her thinking as well.
She really, seriously began to question how bad her existence was. Her thoughts
of running away when she returned to civilization were diminishing. She was
beginning to feel like this was her place. She was beginning to enjoy serving
Richard. She obviously liked being used by him sexually.

	Besides, wasn't this exact thing what she was waiting her life to
accomplish? To find a man that would take care of her, that she could have a
life with and that would provide her with all her necessities. Isn't that
exactly what Richard had been doing? He took care of her and made sure she was
provided for and fed. True, he did punish her, but only when she brought it on
herself. She knew he wouldn't whip her or punish her for things if she didn't
deserve punishment.

	She definitely couldn't complain about the sex either. Holy cow, there
was nothing at all lacking in that area. She had never before been used in the
ways he used her. Sometimes her head swam from his rigorous uses of her. She
didn't complain a bit, though, although she did wish he would let her cum once
in awhile. She figured he would, she just needed to work harder to earn her
orgasms. With that in mind, she had begun to participate more in their sexual
contact. When he took her from behind, she would wiggle her ass pleasantly for
his enjoyment. When he took her in the missionary position, she would pull her
legs open as widely as she could and allow him more access to her so he could
fuck her more deeply. She had even begun trying to deep throat his cock when she
sucked him off. She had even begun to lick his balls and suck them into her
mouth almost every single time she sucked his cock, in hopes it would please him
more and he might finally let her cum once. So far he had not, but she knew he
would one day.

	Rose knew she was changing. She understood what was happening to her,
even if she wasn't quite sure why. She knew she would never have submitted in
such repulsive ways to a man before Richard had taken her. She didn't even look
at it like kidnapping anymore, because she was now becoming a willing
participant in his discipline, punishments and sex. She was used to having her
heads shaved. She didn't even think of it anymore. She was used to wearing the
leather collar he had put on her the very first day she was with him. All in
all, she figured, her life was a lot less complicated than it was before he had
taken her. She didn't have to worry about school. She didn't have to worry about
books. She didn't have to worry about money, or what to wear, or where she
should go that day, or what to have to eat. Richard told her what to do and she
did it. Now, she did it willingly. She didn't care anymore that she was a
kidnapped, raped slave. She didn't care that her normal life was long behind her
now. She didn't even care about her family and school anymore. It had been a
long time since she had even thought of her daddy. All she cared about now was
making Richard happy and being as pleasing to him as she could be.

	Thus, their relationship evolved from captive and kidnapper to slave and
owner. She learned to yield to his will and he worked her through the paces to
elicit the services he wanted from her. They both saw the changes and recognized
what was happening and things were progressing right along, just as Richard had
hoped they would.

	After much though, Richard decided to take Rose to town for an outing.
It would be a test to see how she would act in public. He would have to prepare,
though. He didn't want any surprises if he was to take this risk. He doubted
that Rose was faking any longer, but he had to be sure she wouldn't run
screaming down the street if he took her to town. He knew just what to do, he
thought. He would plan to make the trip to town tomorrow.




Chapter Eight: Pleasure



	The next morning, Richard woke Rose with a blast of cold water from the
water hose. She had been lying on the dirt floor of her dog cage shivering
gently. It was early June, but the air in the early morning was still cool. She
inadvertently shrieked and immediately came awake and pressed her back
completely against the chain link fencing of the back of the cage.

	"Come here, Rose." Richard commanded, holding open the cage door. Rose
looked about sleepily and noticed it was still very early in the morning. The
sun had only just come up, it seemed. She wondered why Richard had woken her so
early.

	She moved forward to the open door and out. She stood and waited for his
command. He instructed her to move away from the cage so he could have her wash
and shave. She complied at once and, even though the water and the air were
chilled, she stood with a bar of soap in her hands and washed in the middle of
the driveway. Once she was finished washing, she was instructed to shave. Rose
knew this meant everything from legs to pussy to armpits to head. Again, as
Richard directed the flow of water as needed, Rose shaved herself as thoroughly
as possible.

	Once she was finished, Richard gave her a towel and instructed her to
dry off and get breakfast started. She had to pee very badly, but knew better
than to ask to go right now. She knew by now that he would take her out after
breakfast was finished. As she dried herself, she watched him walk around the
cabin to the outhouse. She knew that, had this been less than a month ago, she
would have bolted down the driveway and tried to escape. However, she had
learned her lesson about that sort of thing. She honestly did not want to find
out what Richard meant when he said she didn't want three strikes against her.

	She walked into the cabin and began preparing breakfast as she had been
told to do. While she was cooking, she noticed Richard moving about outside. He
had the large pot he used to heat bath water and it seemed he was making a fire.
Once he had the fire started, he filled the pot and set it over the blaze. When
he stepped into the cabin, having finished his task, Rose had breakfast prepared
and waiting for him. His plate was on the table, along with a napkin, fork and a
glass of orange juice. Her plate was on the floor with only a glass of water to
accompany it. Richard smiled at her and told her she had done very well. He did,
however, take her glass of water and pour it into the sink. He poured her a
glass of orange juice as well and told her to drink that with her breakfast
instead. She had no idea why he was giving her the extra treat, but she wasn't
complaining. Maybe he was concerned about her getting sick now that the air
outside was getting chillier.

	Once breakfast was finished and the dishes cleaned, Richard sat down on
the hearth of the fireplace and had Rose kneel in front of him. He told her that
he wanted to speak to her about something important. She immediately knelt in
the place before him that he had indicated. There wasn't any fire going in the
fireplace, but the cabin was still fairly warm from the cooking of breakfast.
The air still smelled of sausages, too, and toast. It was a nice and homely
smell and it made Rose smile on the inside.

	"Rose," Richard said, looking her in the eyes. She regarded him
curiously. "I think you have been doing very well these last couple of weeks. I
really feel you have begun to learn your place here. I want to give you a
reward."

	"Yes sir." Rose beamed, brimming with curiosity, she asked, "May I ask
what it is, sir?"

	"Well, first off, I'm going to give you a bath." Richard started.

	Rose almost yelped with pleasure. "Oh, thank you, Richard. Thank you so
much."

	"I'm not finished." He said.

	"Sorry." She replied and lapsed into an excited silence.

	"I also need to make a run into town to pick up groceries." He watched
her very closely. "I want to take you with me."

	Rose was shocked. He wanted to take her to town? Many thoughts buzzed
through her head all at once. She though of the trust involved for him to even
consider letting her do something like that. She thought of how easily it would
be for her to make a scene and get him into trouble. She thought of actually
getting to meet people again and interact with the world again. Mostly, though,
she though of how much he must trust her to even think of letting her go into
town with him. She would know where the nearest town was now. She would know how
to escape if she ever tried to run away again. He was placing a lot of faith in
her and she knew it.

	"It's sort of a test, really." Richard said. "I want to see how you will
do in a public setting. Don't get me wrong, if you make a scene, I will have to
tell people you are sick with cancer and the medications make you delirious
sometimes."

	That was clever, Rose thought. Her bald head would make that a
convincing argument. Also, her thinness, even though she had put on some weight,
would lend itself to a belief that she might be ill.

	"I really want you to do well at this, Rose." Richard was saying. "I
want to know that I can trust you and not have to worry about you trying to
escape again or cause a scene and get me into trouble. Well, you could try to at
least. I doubt you would, though."

	Rose swallowed and said, "I will try and do my best, sir."

	"Good. That's all I ask of you, Rose." He stood up, clipping the leash
to her collar. "Now, let's go have a bath, shall we?"

	"Absolutely!" She exclaimed without hesitation.

	This was a dream. She knew it had to be. Richard was going to let her
have a bath and then take her into town with him? It was too good to be true.
She was being rewarded for being a good girl. Her efforts were finally beginning
to pay off. Still, the truth be told, she didn't want to try to escape. She
didn't want to try to get him into trouble. Those thoughts had all but vanished
from her mind. She knew how painful her life would become if she failed. She
knew things could be so much worse and she was finally starting to do good for
herself.

	She wondered what the town was like. She wondered if the people were
nice. She wondered what people would think of her. Her bald head was bound to
draw some attention that was for sure. What would she wear? As far as she knew,
she didn't have any clothing. She had to try to remember to ask Richard about
that.

	As she was thinking, Richard had brought her out to the outhouse and
tied her leash to a towel rack. He had then gone and fetched the pot of water
and dumped it into the tub, running enough cold water to make it comfortable for
her to enter. When he was finished, he unclipped the leash from her collar and
beckoned her to undress him. She did so with much relish. She removed his boots
and socks, then his shirt and finally his jeans and underpants. She was even so
bold as to slide her tongue over his cock as she knelt before him after removing
his undergarment.

	"Alright," He said. "Let's get washed up first. There's plenty of time
for that sort of thing later."

	"Yes sir." She said and eagerly climbed into the tub after Richard.

	The water felt so good! She was instantly in heaven. She felt like she
had a layer of filth on her that would not come off, but this was making her
feel so much better. She lathered a cloth with soap and presently washed her
face and bald head. She washed her arms and armpits. She washed her body, her
pussy, her ass and her legs and feet. She even got in between each of her toes
and behind her ears. When she was finished, she felt so much better. More human,
if that made any sense at all.

	She noticed that Richard was regarding her with interest as she washed
herself. He had a small smile on his lips and seemed mildly amused about
something.

	"What is it?" She asked.

	"Nothing. I was just watching the look on your face as you washed off.
You looked like you were about to have an orgasm or something."

	"I think I was." She replied. "I feel so much better now. I don't feel
dirty anymore. I don't feel like I stink anymore. I feel, well, almost human
again, if that makes any sense at all."

	Richard's smile faltered a bit. Rose noticed and wondered if she had
said something wrong. Before she could ask, though, Richard ordered her to wash
him off. She did so just as thoroughly as she had done herself. She paid special
attention to his cock, noticing how he moved involuntarily as she ran the
washcloth over it.

	When she was finished washing him, they got out of the tub, draining it
as they dried off. Richard got dressed and leashed Rose again. He walked her
back to the cabin, but she stopped him along the way. She noted that, in her
excitement, she had forgotten that she had to pee. Richard wished she had told
him before they got into the tub. He really didn't want her dirtying herself up
again. He walked her back to the outhouse and let her use the toilet there and
even let her use toilet paper when she was finished. She felt so privileged. She
made sure to thank him most graciously.

	He led her into the cabin and had her sit on the hearth while he
rummaged under the bed for something. He pulled out a smallish box and handed it
to her. There was a ribbon. She looked at him curiously.

	"Something I have been saving for you, if you were good." Richard
explained. "Open it."

	She pulled off the ribbon and opened the box. Inside was a beautiful
pink sundress. It was simple, but nice. She looked at him and tears almost came
to her eyes. It was probably the nicest thing he had done for her so far. Her
bottom lip quivered at the thoughtfulness of the gift.

	"Well, put it on." Richard said.

	Rose stood and slipped the dress over her head. It fell to her mid calf
and was cut in such a way as to accentuate her neckline and shoulders. Her
neckline? Now there was an interesting issue, Richard thought. Her neckline was
currently adorned by a leather dog collar locked on her with a tag proclaiming
his ownership of her. He wasn't sure whether to leave it on or to take it off of
her. He knew that the psychological benefits of leaving it on her were numerous,
but he also knew it would draw a lot of undue attention in the town. He'd need
to think about it for a few moments before he decided what to do.

	The sundress looked glorious on Rose. It accentuated her skin and gave
her a certain level of radiance. She stood taller in the dress, knowing Richard
would approve of her.

	"Oh! I almost forgot." He said and dug back under the bed for something
else. He handed her another box. Inside this one were pink flats that perfectly
matched the sundress. Rose slipped them on and Richard admired her beauty. She
looked great, he thought.

	"Do you like it all?" He asked.

	"Oh yes!" She exclaimed. "I love it! It's a perfect dress and the shoes
are very nice. I only wish I had a scarf to wear with this. That would make it
perfect."

	A scarf? Richard though incredulously. Of course! Why hadn't he thought
of that? A scarf would go with the outfit he had picked out and hide the collar.
He smiled at her and told her that he would pick one up for her on the way into
town. She smiled back at him brightly.

	They walked out of the cabin together and got into his Blazer and drove
off down the dirt driveway to the paved country road and towards town.



	A couple of hours later, they arrived in the small town. Richard had
stopped at a discount store just on the outskirts of town to buy Rose a scarf to
match her dress. He was still a little nervous about taking her out in public,
but he was fairly sure his cover story would work if she caused a scene.

	It was a good day, though. They made the rounds around town, visiting
the supermarket, the general store and a couple of other places. Richard even
allowed Rose to pick out some clothing for herself, in case he ever let her come
back into town or if he took her back to civilization with him. Well,
civilization, as in people that he and she knew.

	For her part, Rose did very well. She was well-behaved, she minded her
manners and she even carried on detailed conversations with the locals about the
most mundane of subjects. In all his time knowing Rose, Richard didn't think he
had ever heard her express opinions about deep-fried chicken, kite flying or how
wearing the right hat could attract your perfect man. Richard figured if anyone
had tried to have conversations like these with her before he had abducted her,
she would have blown them off as losers and beneath her attention. Yet, here she
was making friends and apparently having a great time. A person or two asked her
about her hair and, as Richard had said, she told them she had some kind of
cancer and was undergoing drug therapy to help her. She even told them herself
that the drugs sometimes made her light-headed and moody. She even went so far
as to make up a story about how she had flown into a rage at Richard one evening
while they were at the movies and gave him a bloody nose. She told the amused
onlooker that the ushers had even escorted her out. All of the locals Rose had
told her story had offered their sympathies and support and wished her well. She
thanked them all just as warmly and told them that she was determined to get
better and how she couldn't have gone this far without Richard's support. It was
all a fantasy, of course, but it was Rose telling it, not him as he had figured
it would be.

???Richard was stunned. Could it be that she was truly starting to forget the
old ways? He had figured it would have taken much, much longer than this to
break her to this point. He had planned to spend the entire winter in the cabin,
if he needed to. Now, it looked like he wouldn't need to after all. Richard was
pleased with Rose's progress. There would definitely be rewards for her tonight
and he knew exactly what to give her.

	They had lunch in town, eating at a small family restaurant. Rose
devoured the food as if she was in a fine dining establishment and not a place
with paper napkins and stains on the tablecloths. Rose commented about how
wonderful the food she had was and how she never ate at places like this back in
the city, because she was always watching her figure. To be sure, Rose had eaten
a plate of chicken fried steak, mashed potatoes and gravy, whole kernel corn and
a dessert order of strawberry rhubarb pie before she was finished. Rose smiled
and talked excitedly about the trip into town with Richard the whole time they
were eating. She even made polite conversation with the waitress about how good
the chicken fried steak was and how amazing the pie tasted.

	Eventually, though, it was time for them to return to the cabin. They
had loaded the last of their packages and then themselves into the vehicle and
headed out of town toward the cabin.

	Rose was still excited as they left the town. She talked to Richard as
they drove down the country road. She told Richard about how different the town
had been from the city and how her experiences the last few days had prepared
her better for these sorts of things. She said that she was really enjoying
herself and she hoped he would take her with him if he went back to town in the
future. He reminded her that her returning to town with him depended wholly on
her attitude and how behaved she was. She informed him sternly that she would
behave just so she could have some more of that chicken fried steak and pie. He
got a chuckle out of her mocking sternness.

	Rose seemed genuinely happy. She even seemed happy as they pulled back
into the driveway of the cabin, while they were unloading the supplies and
unpacking everything into its place and even as Richard ordered her out of her
dress and shoes and scarf. She liked the dress, he knew, but her experiences
today had made her a little lighter of spirit and she didn't mind being a naked
slut girl for Richard's amusement. She was his possession after all and if
Richard saw fit for her to be naked, then she would be naked for him.

	Later that night, Richard gave Rose her reward for being so well-behaved
in town. As her reward she was slowly molested over a period of several hours.
She was brought to orgasm after orgasm in various ways. Richard gave her oral
pleasures, bringing her to multiple orgasms in this way before plunging his rock
hard cock into her tight, dripping and open pussy and giving her even more
orgasms.

	Richard decided that tonight would be the night to break in Rose's
virgin asshole. After the mind-boggling number of orgasms she had, he doubted he
would have much trouble getting her to enjoy anal sex. Richard pulled her to her
hands and knees on the small bed before him and reached up on the shelf over the
bed and retrieved a small bottle of lubricant he'd brought with him. He covered
his cock with the lubricant and smeared the remainder against her asshole and up
the crack of her ass. Rose gasped and suddenly seemed to realize what Richard
was going to do. However she made no move to try and pull away from him or to
resist him in any way. If he wanted her tight, virgin asshole, he would have it
one way or the other and Rose would much prefer the pleasant, pleasurable way to
the forceful, greatly painful way. Besides, given how he'd been making her feel
all night long, she doubted it would be so unpleasant. She was still dripping
wet and panting with desire from all the use she had gotten.

	"Okay, Rose." Richard said, "I want you to relax and concentrate on your
breathing. Just breathe in and out slowly. You're going to feel the head of my
cock press against your asshole, then go into it. It might hurt some, but if you
stay relaxed, it won't be too unpleasant. I'll work it in slowly, so it doesn't
hurt much. Alright?"

	"Alright," Rose panted.

	Richard guided his hardened cock between her ass cheeks, pushing the
head of his cock against her tight asshole. He pushed gently with his hips and
felt the head barely push against the tight muscle there.

	"Remember, Rose, just relax." Richard said.

	Rose was pretty relaxed already. She was, in fact, enjoying the feeling
of his cock against her tight asshole. She could feel it pushing against the
tender, unused skin there and didn't think it felt too badly at all. She felt
him push his hips again and felt the head of his cock push past the outside of
her sphincter. She expected it to hurt, but to her astonishment, it felt very,
very good. She gasped aloud as Richard pushed again and the head of his cock
sank into her asshole.

	"Are you okay, Rose?" Richard asked; his voice was laced with concern.

	"Oh god, Richard. It feels so fucking good. It doesn't hurt at all."
Rose said in obvious ecstasy. "Give me more, please."

	"Alright, but I'm still going to take it easy. I don't want this to hurt
at all." Richard said, placing his hands on her hips to hold her still. She had
begun to wiggle in her excitement.

	"Well, it doesn't yet," She said. "It feels fucking incredible."

	Richard smiled and started pushing his hips again. His cock was sliding
easily into her tight asshole and she was panting like a wanton whore all the
while. Finally, his trimmed pubic hair was pushed flush against the skin of her
ass and his entire cock was buried in her ass. Rose had cum when she felt his
entire cock inside her, he knew. She was still shuddering softly from the
orgasm.

	"Now, I'm going to fuck your asshole until I cum. Do you understand,
Rose?" Richard asked.

	"Yes, I understand." She replied and readied herself for more orgasms.

	Richard drew the length of his cock almost entirely out of her asshole
before shoving it roughly all the way back in again. Rose's head instantly came
up in attention and her mouth hung wide open and she gave a loud gasp. Richard
stopped again, but she assured him she was okay and told him not to stop until
he had cum, no matter what. Richard assented and pulled his cock all the way out
of her body before forcefully sliding it all the way back into her asshole
again. Rose panted again like a bitch dog in heat. Richard took firm grip of her
hips and began to drive his cock in and out of her tight, virgin asshole. His
hips slapped against her ass loudly as he rammed her from behind. Rose was in
sheer Utopia. She had never felt anything so good. She came so many times in
just the first few moments; she thought she was going to pass out or vomit or
both. Richard was merciless with his cock, though. He continued to plough her
tight asshole and never let up, causing her untold waves of unknown pleasures.

	Richard pulled his cock out of her ass and roughly turned her over on
her back so she was looking up into his face. He put her legs over his shoulders
so that she was completely exposed to him and so that her asshole was opened
widely for his rock hard cock. He buried his cock to the hilt in her asshole and
Rose cried out in pleasure. He was so deep in her that she knew he must be
pummelling her bowels. She didn't care, though. This was the best thing she had
ever felt. The more Richard fucked her asshole and the harder he ground his cock
into her, the more she came and the more she wanted it. Gone was the notion that
Richard was her kidnapper. Gone was the idea that he was just some freaky high
school geek. Gone was any thought of her escape. All that existed was this
moment and her will to please him. She wanted him to fuck her asshole forever
and she would give herself to him willingly if he would do it. She looked into
his face. His teeth were clenched, his jaw set. Beads of sweat were dripping
from his forehead and nose. Still he ground into her. His cock was a pile driver
and her asshole was the soft, pliable earth into which that big pole was being
driven. She came again and again, her mind whirling in ecstasy.

	Suddenly, Richard clenched his jaw shut and his muscles went rigid. She
knew he was cumming. She was so happy that she could bring him this much
pleasure. She loved him and she loved his cock leaping deep within her bowels,
emptying its seed into her. She felt it. She felt his hard cock pumping his cum
into her asshole. It felt like hot, molten gold to her. She wanted more. She
couldn't get enough of it. Before she knew it, though, his cock was being pulled
from her asshole and Richard took her by the back of her head. He pushed his
cock into her mouth and made her suck his cum off it. She didn't care. She was
so enthralled by this new feeling that having his cock anywhere inside her right
now was sheer bliss. She sucked cum and shit off his cock and licked her lips
and smiled at him when she finished doing it. She had a wild glint in her eye
and Richard could easily see that she wanted more. That was fine with him. He
liked leaving her wanting. As long as she was a little frustrated, she would be
easier to handle, he knew. Not that he figured there was much of the old Rose
left in her anymore. The trip to town had pretty much convinced him that her
spirit was broken and the former bitch that she was had become a forgotten
memory.

	Rose was licking the lube and cum from his balls when he noticed
something. There wasn't just cum and lube and shit on his balls and on her
tongue, but blood, too. He had busted her open. He needed to get her cleaned up
right away, he knew, but he let her finish her self-appointed task before he
stopped her.

	"That's enough, Rose." He said, pulling her mouth away from him. "We
need to get you cleaned off. You're bleeding."

	"I am?" She asked. "Where?"

	"Your asshole is torn a little, I think." He said. "It's not serious,
but we do need to clean it off."

	"Okay." She said, taking it all very much into stride.

	Rather than take her to the outhouse and use cold tap water from the
bath, Richard heated a pot of water on the stove and dipped a washcloth into it.
He washed her asshole with warm water, noting that the blood wasn't flowing
badly. It was just from a small tear and not serious. She'd be fine, but sore in
the morning.

	After she was cleaned off, he allowed her to sleep with him that night.
He told her that the next day would be harder for her. He wanted her to do
things that would challenge her. Some of them wouldn't be very pleasant, but he
knew she could do them. Rose agreed and assured him that she would do her very
best to do anything he wanted of her. Richard smiled against Rose's shoulder as
he fell asleep with his arm wrapped around her waist.

	Rose smiled, too, as she drifted off to sleep. She felt totally safe
lying next to him and feeling his arm around her and her ankle tied to the foot
of the bed. It felt so natural to her that she couldn't believe that she'd ever
been anywhere else. She could feel her heartbeat throbbing in her asshole, but
that only made her smile more widely. It made her feel content. She almost
couldn't believe that she'd never experienced the pleasures that kind of sex
could bring, but she knew very well that the Rose she once was would never let a
man near her asshole. She had to admit that she had a lot of reasons to be
grateful to Richard. Yes, sometimes the lessons were painful, but for the most
part, this had been a wonderful experience for her.

	She wondered what he had in mind for her tomorrow. As she fell asleep,
she remembered thinking to herself that it didn't matter what it was, she would
do it. She would do it, just because he wanted her to do it.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  BDSM_Tourguide


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





