BDSM Library - Taking Carol




Taking Carol
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young housewife is blindsided by a mysterious new neighbor with an agenda.  This is an ongoing story that will be added to at the author's pleasure.
Taking Carol

Chapter I  The New Neighbor

Carol Sizemore couldn't think of anything her part-time neighbor would want to
meet with her about.  She had known that someone had purchased the house next
door six months earlier, but hadn't seen or met anyone associated with it since. 
She had been satisfied to see the lawn care company keeping it well maintained
every Wednesday, and didn't much care whether anyone ever lived there. 

It was odd to have a complete stranger call her and insist that they meet on
short notice, and the woman's demeanor was unsettling.  It was as though she had
no doubt that Carol would agree, like she was taking Carol for granted.  Carol
resented the woman's attitude but didn't object to visiting with her later that
evening.  She didn't want to be rude by refusing the invitation. 

When Carol asked what was so important that they had to meet so quickly, the
woman, who identified herself as "Karen, your new neighbor", breezily replied
that, "I'm just sure you will want to take a look at a few things I have for
you."

Carol had trouble concentrating on anything for the rest of the afternoon.  Not
that she had a lot of brainwork to occupy her time.  There was only a week of
school left where she taught high school math at the Naval Base in Mayport,
Florida.   She finally put her mind at ease by concluding that the woman was
probably an Avon lady with a bad sales technique. 

After a few laps in the pool Carol spoke briefly on the phone with her mother in
Ohio, then showered and dressed for the visit with her new neighbor.  Carol
liked being on time and ended up waiting ten minutes before strolling across the
lawns to ring her neighbor's doorbell precisely at six o'clock.

She was a little put off that she was made to wait a couple of long minutes
before her neighbor finally opened the door.  Carol was a forgiving person and
gave everyone the benefit of the doubt in almost every circumstance. 

Karen was a bit taller than her, but seemed friendly enough.  They were about
the same age, Carol judged.  Karen looked to be a professional of some sort. 
Carol thought of her as a lawyer for some reason.  It might have had to do with
the fact that Karen looked very attractive and comfortable in the business suit
she was wearing.  Carol assumed she had important plans for later in the
evening, and she felt a little embarrassed to be so underdressed in her white
shorts and red tank top.

Karen welcomed her into the home and motioned for her to proceed into the living
room, off to the left.  She was surprised at how wonderfully appointed the home
was.  An interior designer had obviously been give a liberal amount of freedom
in furnishing and decorating the place. 

Carol sat rather nervously in an easy chair that seemed to be the place where
Karen wanted her to be.  There was a brown envelope on the table between her and
the chair that Karen sat in.  Karen crossed her legs and seemed to study Carol
for a few seconds before speaking; "I understand you're a school teacher?"

"Um, yes.", Carol replied, wondering how she knew anything about her.  "I teach
high school on the base."  She started to ask, "What about you?", but was cut
off.

"And you're only twenty eight.  How do you stay in such good shape?" Karen
inquired rather intently, tossing her hair lightly over a shoulder.

Carol was ill at ease already.  How could this stranger know her age and
profession?  There must be some innocent explanation.  "Oh.  I, ah.  Thank you! 
I swim a lot, and run and do a little weight training too."

Karen was now looking Carol over in an entirely different way.  It was as though
she was surveying her for flaws.  Carol felt creepy in the pregnant silence
before Karen spoke again.  "Carol, I wonder if you wouldn't mind standing up for
me?  I'm very interested in hearing more about your workout program"...

Carol was lost.  She started to stand, then thought better of it.  "Who is she
to order me around?", she thought.  Feeling foolish and not knowing whether to
sit back down or to stand all the way up, Carol hesitated. 

Karen kept talking as though nothing unusual were occurring at all.  "Do you
swim everyday?"

Carol slowly straightened until she was fully upright.  "I, yes.  Most
everyday."

Karen was resting her chin in her hand, studiously observing her guest.  "You
have good tone.  Turn around.  You look like a swimmer, Carol."

Carol half formed the thought that she needed to get a handle on what was
happening, but started to follow instructions before she could consider how best
to react to circumstances she had never faced before.  She thought the comment
was a compliment, but before she could say anything else her neighbor spoke
again.

"You could pass for twenty, Carol.  Your butt is nice and firm and your
legs...those legs are quite nice.", Karen mentioned without enthusiasm.  Carol
thought she had nothing on her attractive neighbor, who looked like she could
have been a model.  She struggled to make all of this fit into some strange
sales pitch for some sort of Mary Kay cream or something, but couldn't.  She was
very uncomfortable, but there was a faint, almost imperceptible warmth spreading
within her that was alarming.  This was all wrong and none of it was right or
normal.  Whatever it was.  Her mind was racing.  She had to say something.

"Uh.  Thanks.", was all she could manage.  She was facing away from Karen, not
sure what to do.  She caught herself in the realization that she was waiting for
more instructions.  Before she could react, Karen commented that her breasts
were of a nice size and appeared youthfully firm as well.  Carol was taken aback
and drew in a deep breath to respond.  Again, Karen spoke first.

"Turn and face me, Carol.", she ordered casually.  It was as though she simply
expected it to happen.  Karen was rising from her chair and folding her arms as
Carol turned toward her.  Their eyes met. Carol could not match the icy blue
gaze that challenged her.  She glanced quickly down toward her feet, feeling
silly and unsure what to do with her hands.  She shook her head, trying to clear
the confusion away to regain her self control. 

"Take the envelope from the table, Carol."

Carol looked down and to the left, seeing the manila envelope she had noticed
earlier.  She stepped forward and took it, trying to sort out in her mind how to
break out of the bizarre situation she found herself in.

"There are things in that envelope that are very important to you right now. 
Take it home and open it immediately."  Karen's voice was controlled and
somewhat formal, as though she were instructing someone beneath her intellect
how to perform a simple task.

Carol hesitated, not sure if she should leave.  The frustration boiled over
before she even realized it was coming.  She looked directly at Karen and
angrily shouted, "Is it okay if I FUCKING LEAVE?" as tears formed in her eyes. 
She stalked quickly toward the door and out into the yard without waiting for a
reply as her sobbing swelled into an uncontrollable avalanche of complicated
emotions. 

Karen gently closed the door behind her with a wry smile on her lips.  "That
went well.", she thought.  She strode through the kitchen and into her enclosed
sunroom, taking the cordless phone off the wall and carrying it with her.  She
kicked off her heels and tossed her jacket on a side table.  The pastel yellow
leather couch was one of her favorite places to relax.  She hadn't been home for
long, but it sure did feel like home compared to the places she'd been the last
nine months.




Chapter II  Blackmailed

It seemed to take forever for Carol to make her way across the yard to her front
door.  She felt like a blubbering fool and had not gained any better control
over her emotions by the time she made it home and had gotten to the liquor
cabinet.   She didn't drink except for rare social occasions,  but whatever had
just happened required something to help her sort things out.  Plus, she had the
envelope to contend with.  What could be in it?

She poured herself a scotch with shaking hands and drank it down quickly, then
poured another.  She went into the guest bathroom and splashed cold water on her
face.  She thought of the neighbor she had never seen before and how she had so
quickly and completely controlled her, even if for a very brief time.  Carol
thought that she could have prevented it had she been prepared.  She was simply
caught unaware.  It wasn't a big deal, she told herself.  That woman is some
kind of cop or something and she was just toying with me for whatever sick
reason.  I'm home now.  That won't happen again.  "Turn around, Carol.", she
mocked out loud.  She cringed, wondering if Megan had left yet.  She quickly
made sure her daughter was gone, then took the envelope and the second glass of
scotch with her into the den.  The sofa there was always a place of comfort to
her. 

Carol took a deep breath, then a sip of the scotch.  She wondered why she was so
wet.  She was repulsed by the thought that a woman had made her horny.  It had
to be something other than that.  She blushed deeply, then tried to shake the
thought off. 

With trembling fingers she slowly tore open the end of the envelope and pulled
the contents out.  A slim microrecorder fell out onto the floor as she placed
the thin stack of papers on the table in front of her.  The first document
consisted of printed mailing labels with the names and addresses of her mother,
her husband who was away on a military deployment, her minister, the principle
of the school where she taught, several of her fellow teachers at the school,
the chairwoman of the base noncommissioned officer's wives club, and even the
commanding officer of the base military police. 

She nervously slid the page of labels aside to look down on an eight by ten
glossy photograph of her giving oral sex to Ralph Petersen, her secret lover
when her husband was gone on military deployments.  It had to have been taken at
the motel where they had met just last week, but...Carol's heart felt like it
sank into a bottomless pit.  The implications of the photograph in combination
with the labels hit her so hard that she simply froze.  Thoughts of what would
happen to her life if the picture were mailed to the people on the list started
swirling through her mind in a nonsensical vortex of the most distressing
impressions imaginable.

She turned the photograph over, placing it on top of the labels.  The only
remaining document was a white sheet of paper with a local phone number on it. 
Carol knew it would ring next door.  She looked down at the microrecorder on the
floor and correctly guessed that it contained audio recordings of her and Ralph
having sex in the motel room.  After listening a portion of the tape, she shut
it off and sat in stunned silence.

The scotch was having a numbing effect on her but she needed more.  She picked
up the glass and drank it slowly.  If she worked hard at it, she could come
close to thinking through the problem rationally.  She was obviously being
blackmailed, but for what, she did not know.  She had no money or assets that
would attract anyone's attention.  The audiotape existed to prevent her from
being able to claim the picture was somehow faked.  As she finished the scotch
and began replacing all of the items in the envelope except for the phone
number, a sense of overwhelming shame overcame her.  If not for her desire for
sexual excitement, this wouldn't have happened.  It was her fault.  All her
fault, and she would just have to deal with it the best that she could.

Carol forced herself not to think about how the picture or the recording could
have been made.  She didn't want to think Ralph was somehow involved.  He
wouldn't do something like that.  But, someone knew, somehow, where they were
going to meet and what room it was going to be.  She and Ralph were the only
ones who had that information.  She took a deep breath and went quickly to the
kitchen to wash out the glass she had been drinking from.  She hated clutter and
habitually cleaned or put things away when she was through with them. 

She returned to the den, remembering what had happened at her neighbor's house
just a few minutes earlier.  As much as she hated to admit it to herself, she
was strangely excited by the memory.  Every aspect of it repulsed her totally,
yet the heat that was growing between her legs contradicted her emotions and her
thoughts. 

She gathered the envelope and the paper containing the phone number and took
them to the small office her husband had converted from a pantry for her.  She
sat at the desk and slid the phone over until it was directly in front of her. 
Taking another deep breath to help regain her composure, she slowly dialed the
number that had been provided to her.




Chapter III Karen Takes Control

Karen answered on the fourth ring as though she had no idea who might be calling
her.  Poor Carol was so weak and confused, she could barely speak. 

"What do you WANT from me?", Carol stammered angrily.

"Hmmm.", Karen replied.  "Maybe we should start with your phone manners.  You
may call back when you're ready to act like a big girl."

Click.  The line went dead.  Carol was stunned.  Frantically, she dialed again. 
After five maddeningly long rings, Karen answered again.  "Hello?"

"I, ah, I'm sorry.  I mean, about how I spoke.  Ah. Could you please tell me
what this is, what this is all about?" 

"Poor Carol.  She grew up to be thirty eight years old and never learned how to
be polite on the telephone."  Karen replaced the handset on the phone, smiling
quietly to herself.  This was her kind of fun.

Carol slammed the phone down and quickly made her way to the scotch.  Skipping
the formality of pouring a glass, she took a long swallow straight out of the
bottle.  Replacing the cap, she carried the bottle back to where she had been
sitting and took a deep breath as the warm glow she had felt earlier between her
legs began to intermingle with the numbness caused by the scotch and the anger
she was barely managing to control.  She sat down and dialed again.

Six rings later, Karen answered calmly.  "Hello?"

Carol concentrated on speaking evenly, trying to keep her jumbled emotions
beneath the surface for just a few seconds.  "Hello.  May I speak with Karen,
please?"

"Perhaps,", Karen answered, "may I ask who is calling?"

Flabbergasted, Carol took a breath and answered calmly.  "Carol?"

"Oh?  Carol who?", Karen inquired, tormenting her poor victim and enjoying every
minute of the little game she was playing.

"Uh.  Carol Sizemore?"

"Oh!  Carol!  I thought it was you.  This is Karen.  What can I do for you?" 
She was quite the actress, sounding as though none of the earlier conversation
had taken place.

"Uh.  I.  You gave me this envelope and I assumed you wanted me to call this
number.   I mean, what is all this..."

Karen interrrupted, "I don't like it when you call me "you".  I would like you
to call me "Miss Karen"."

"Why would I call you "Miss Karen"?", Carol shouted into the phone. 

Karen hung up and stood, stretching leisurely before ambling to the kitchen for
a tall glass of icewater.  The phone started ringing almost immediately.  She
disregarded it as she sipped the water, looking out the kitchen window toward
the pool and the beautifully landscaped back yard that surrounded it.  This was
going to be a fun break, she thought to herself. 

After more than thirty rings, Carol had apparently given up. Looking at her
watch, Karen anticipated hearing the doorbell ring in less than sixty seconds. 
She wasn't surprised when it took only thirty seconds for Carol to return to the
front door.  She was both ringing the doorbell incessantly and pounding on the
door.  Karen listened, waiting for the surge of anger to play itself out on the
doorstep.  She couldn't make too much of a scene in the front yard, but Karen
could hear her sobbing after a few seconds of futility had passed.  The pounding
had transformed itself into a polite knock in short order.  Karen was pleased. 
She pulled her heels back on, stood, put her jacket on, thenstrode to the entry
foyer and slowly opened the door. 

Smiling broadly, she exclaimed, "Why Carol!  How nice of you to stop by! 
Please!  Come in!".  Carol looked disheveled and worn down.  Her nostrils had a
cute way of flaring between breaths and her erect nipples were did not go
unnoticed.  Karen really appreciated her complexion.  Her skin was nearly
flawless. 

Carol stepped into the evil woman's house once more, the memory of the
humiliation she had suffered there just a few minutes earlier fresh on her mind. 
"Have you calmed down a bit, Carol?  Or do we need to send you back home for
more booze?", Karen asked in an even voice.

How did she know?, Carol thought.  Maybe she smelled it on her breath.  Carol
realized how exhausted she felt.  Her life as she knew it was in jeopardy, and
she had to find out why.  She knew she couldn't do that if she kept behaving
aggressively.  She could not look Karen directly in the eye without fear of
giving herself away, so she looked momentarily at her own feet and replied
breathlessly, "No, ah...Miss Karen.  I am calm now."

"Very good, Carol.  Now, just run back over to your house and retrieve that
envelope and bring it to me.  You have thirty seconds."  Karen glanced at her
watch to take note of where the second hand was.

Carol looked at her quizzically, then realized she was serious.  Bolting through
the open door, she sprinted across the yards to her house and quickly returned
with the envelope and it's contents.  As she crossed her neigbor's threshold,
Karen called out "Twenty seven.  Not bad!", and pushed the entry door closed. 
She took the envelope from Carol's hand and quickly looked inside to make sure
all of it's contents were enclosed before tossing it onto a side table.

It was a particularly hot, humid day.  Carol's exertion, though short in
duration, had caused her to begin to sweat profusely.  Her nerves were not
helping matters any, and she stood, dripping and panting, on Karen's tile floor. 
She blinked her eyes rapidly as sweat poured into them.  Her tank top was
clinging to her heaving breasts, and her prominent nipples were pushing through
the damp fabric so intently that it seemed they wanted to burst through.

Karen had noticed during the first visit that Carol had been braless, and was
delighted now that it had become shamefully obvious.  Such a hussy!

Karen circled her prey slowly, studying Carol more closely as the poor thing
tried to catch her breath and begin to regain her dignity.  It was not to be,
though.  Karen took who she chose, and dignity was never a concern.  She spoke
casually, her heels clicking softly on the tile in a perfect rhythym. 

"You are to be commended for two things, I think.  The first is that you chose
to be a whore for the only black United States Marine who was ever named Ralph. 
The second is that you were so damned sloppy about it that anyone could have
easily compromised you."

Carol started to blurt something out, but was slapped hard across her face.  She
immediately went to pieces and continued sobbing.

Karen looked at the palm of her hand, satisfied that she had actually hurt it on
the slut's face.  She didn't need to wonder what Carol felt as she watched her
collapse to her knees.  She continued her circular stroll, delivering her brutal
monologue.

"Other than that, you really are a reprehensible, weak, and completely worthless
human being, Carol.  It must have been a sinful thrill to feel that big black
cock sliding in and out of your holes while everyone you knew thought you were
being true to them."  Karen sighed for effect, then continued.  "Talk about
betrayal!  Just think what would happen if all of your friends, family, and
coworkers knew!  And the Marine Corps!  They'd throw poor Ralphie's career into
the toilet so fast he wouldn't know what happened."  She paused briefly to
ensure that Carol was listening.  "Of course, you'd never teach high school
again.  We know that, don't we slut?"

Carol was stunned but managed to utter a "yes". 
Karen noted with satisfaction that the anger she knew Carol could conjure up was
well buried by now.  "Yes? Do I need to slap you again to remind you of your
manners Carol?"

Her mind was trailing out over the imaginings of her husband's reaction to her
indiscretions.  He would drop her like a rock and never look back. 

"Uh.  Yes, Miss.  Uh.  Miss Karen."

"I really don't like you, Carol.  I especially don't like you dripping on  my
nice floor like you are.  My suggestion is that you ask permission to get a
towel to dry it off."

Her mother would just die.  Her heart would break and she would just die.

"Miss Karen, may I get a towel and dry this floor off?"

"Hmmm," Karen replied.  "I suppose.  The guest bathroom is behind you.  Get a
towel out of the closet."

Carol turned to look behind her, then slowly rose, feeling her knees shaking. 
She was completely defeated.  As she entered the bathroom Karen called out from
the foyer, "I just don't think you could move any slower, could you?".

Carol quickened her movements and found a towel.  Returning to the immediate
presence of her tormenter was frightening.  She had always had a fear of being
hit or slapped, and practically flinched in anticipation of another strike.  She
stole a quick glance at Karen and was shocked to be smiled at.  It was as
unsettling as anything that had happened so far, and she felt the tears well up
in her eyes once again. Carol knelt and swirled the towel around a few times
until the floor was completely dry.

"Now, ,spread the towel out neatly on the floor and stand on it.", Karen
ordered.

Carol followed the instructions, so fearful and so confused.  She thought of her
life in a shambles.  No husband, no career, no lover, nothing.  Not even a
mother who cared anymore.

Karen began circling again.  "You have quite a problem, Carol.  You see, I have
unique tastes.  I also have unique friends who help me to indulge my tastes.  I
am taking a hiatus from a rather unusual profession.  During such times I like
to find a few people to toy with to keep me occupiied and to keep my skills
sharp.  This time, I have taken you, Carol.  You belong to me now.  I own you. 
I own you.  I will train you, I will use you, and I will abuse you.  If, at the
end of my little break, I am satisfied with you, well, then you might get your
life back.  If I am not satisfied with you a number of things could happen.  It
is conceivable that you could simply disappear, never to be seen again.  It is
conceivable that you could be shipped off somewhere to lead a quite miserable
life.  It is conceivable that you could be left here to deal with the
ramifications of your sordid past.  It's all up to me.  Is there any part of
this that your little whore brain doesn't understand?"

Carol swallowed.  Her lips were dry.  "Uh. No, Miss Karen."

Karen stopped directly in front of her.  She lifted Carol's chin until she made
eye contact.  Gazing intently into Carol's deep brown eyes, she whispered,
"What's it like to be a piece of property?", then turned toward the entry door. 
"I'm going to explore my neighbor's old house now, slut.  Follow me.  Two paces
behind, and not a peep out of you."

Carol followed quietly across their front yards, amazed at how well Karen could
walk in grass with heels on.  Her calves were well defined and her legs were
taught and shapely.  Carol knew she was in good shape by her posture and the way
she carried herself.  She wondered as they neared her door how she could be
thinking about Karen's legs under such bizarre circumstances.




IV Taking Possession

Karen walked happily through her neighbor's front door as though she owned the
place.  She turned in time to watch Carol pass through the door and close it
behind her.  She looked so very pitiful. Like a frightened doe.  "Lock it.",
Karen ordered.

After Carol turned the latch Karen told her to get a box of garbage bags.  While
retrieving them from the kitchen Carol poured herself a glass of water and drank
it down quickly before taking the bags to Karen.  She tried to hand the box to
Karen, but she wouldn't take them.   After an awkward pause, Karen told her to
put the box on the floor. 

Karen slid her jacket off and tossed it onto a wingback chair.  "Take one bag
out and put those nasty, sweaty clothes in it Carol.  You may place your shoes
over  by the door for now."

Carol looked up at her with incredulity.   Did she mean?  "Uh.  You want..."

"I want what I said I want.  Are you sure you're educated beyond the third
grade?", Karen answered in a sarcastic tone as she folded her arms across her
chest.

The tears came quickly again as Carol bent to untie the laces on her canvas
tennies.  She had to do what she had to do, but there was that odd,
contradictory glow beginning to rise from deep within her.  It was most similar
to how she felt when she was on her knees in front of Ralph, ready to take him
into her mouth.  She realized she was becoming horny before she even had her
shoes off.  She felt her nipples hardening and her pussy becoming moist again,
and felt so completely repulsed by, and drawn into, the situation at the same
time. 

She placed her shoes in their assigned spot and stood to push her shorts down
while her back was turned to Karen. 

"I don't think so, slut.  Over here!"  Karen was pointing at the floor a short
distance in front of her. 

Carol padded over to where the finger pointed, never daring to look up.  Her
tears were flowing freely now.  She slipped her thumbs into the waistband of her
shorts and pushed them down to her ankles, leaving her panties on.  She stepped
out of them and placed them into the bag she had gotten out of the box.  Next
she stood up straight and pulled the tank top quickly over her head, placing it
in the bag.  She covered her breasts as best she could and stood motionless,
unable to continue, hoping she would be spared complete nakedness.

Karen's voice was a bit more sympathetic this time.  "Isn't my little slut such
a shy thing, though?"  Karen crouched down onto her haunches to get a good view
of Carol's cotton briefs.  "Oh, you poor thing.  You are simply dripping with
excitement!  Look at that spot!"

Carol gasped in embarassment and immediately broke down again, sobbing
uncontrollably.  This was not necessarily rectified by the brutal slap she
received, but Karen did have her undivided attention once again, as well as her
compliance.

"Put those nasty panties in the bag, Carol.", Karen calmly ordered. 

This time, Carol wasted no time stripping them off and stuffing them in the bag. 
Now she tried to cover her breasts with her right arm and hand and her pussy
with her left hand. 

Karen sighed heavily.  "My patience is being tried, and I know that your
stupidity is going to be a problem.  Would you like me to give up on you now,
Carol?"

"Nnnno, Miss Karen", Carol sobbed as she slowly moved her hands to her sides.

"Good.  Now you're naked.  You'll be naked a lot in your new life, so get used
to it.  I'm going to sit down while you fetch me a nice drink and bring me all
of your cameras.  Don't forget your video camera, Carol." 

"Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol replied shakily.  "Wha...What would you like to
drink?"

"Oh, that's another thing.  You have so much to learn.  Never use "you" if you
are referring to me.  Use "Mistress".  Let's try that question again now -
properly."

"Uh,  what would Mistress like to drink?"

"Very good, pet,", Karen said soothingly as she rubbed her calves.  "I'd like a
single malt scotch."

Carol turned to fulfill her tasks, dwelling on Karen's use of "pet".  What did
that mean?  She was so confused.  Her pussy and nipples were still betraying
her, and she was grateful to be out of sight if only for a couple of minutes. 
She went to her bar first and  poured the scotch, quickly delivering it to
Karen.  She wasn't immediately sure where the video camera was and had to do
some searching to come up with it.  She had no idea why she had been ordered to
gather up her cameras, but it didn't really matter.  She was in a blur of
chaotic thoughts blanketed by that deep and penetrating fear that arises when
one's security is in the balance.  That woman was frightening, and Carol knew of
nothing she could do about it except to do what she was told.

Karen had slipped her heels off and was massaging her feet when her toy returned
with her arms full of cameras.  Carol was standing in front of her, completely
clueless as to what to do.  "When you return after completing a task you should
quietly announce..." she paused for a sip of scotch.  "...the results and
present yourself to me.  Now go out and come back in correctly."

"Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol replied.  She spun and strode quickly out of the room. 
On her return, she said in a soft voice, "I have my cameras Miss Karen."

"Your slut has brought the cameras Mistress wanted.", Karen replied mockingly.

"Your slut has brought the cameras Mistress wanted.", Carol repeated.

"Put them on the floor.", Karen ordered, gesturing toward the hardwood floor
immediately in front of her.  "Now present yourself."

Carol didn't know what that meant, so she put her body in a position of
attention, as though she were in the military.  Karen leaned back in the chair,
regarding the still shaking victim of her torments. "Nice try.  Whenever you
return from a task, and whenever I have no orders for you, you will maintain
yourself in a very nice position that enables me to enjoy a good view of you as
well as full access."

She leaned forward slowly, resting her elbows on her knees.  "First, you'll
clasp your hands together by interlacing your fingers at the back of your neck. 
This will help to elevate your breasts so that I can enjoy those freaky nipples
of yours." 

Carol blushed heavily as she joined her hands behind her neck. 

"Push your elbows back until they are in line with your body.  That's it.  Now
spread your feet at least wide enough to be outside of your elbows.  If I
dropped a string down from your elbows, it would fall inside of your feet. 
Good."  Karen smiled quickly, pleased but not surprised at how compliant the
bitch had become.

Carol's blush seemed never to end, and it took her breath away as it heightened. 
The stirrings between her legs had grown into outright demands and her nipples
had grown harder than she had ever seen them.  Her chest began to heave and
perspiration formed on her forehead and upper lip.  The position was not a
strain at all, but being so openly displayed in front of another woman was
completely alien to her.  Karen had picked up her husband's Polaroid and was
checking to see if it had film in it.   Carol closed her eyes as Karen focused
it on her. 

"Eyes up, slut.  Smile pretty now."  FLASH.

Karen set the Polaroid down as it was spitting out the undeveloped shot and
picked up Carol's cheap 35mm automatic camera.  It had a bit of film left in it
after Carol had used it to photograph her husband's promotion ceremony earlier
in the month.  She turned it on and waited for the flash to warm up.  "This time
you'll cup your breasts for me, like you're really proud of them."

Carol moved her hands to do as she was told, cupping each breast from underneath
and lifting them up slightly.  She  wished she could squeeze her nipples as they
were begging her for attention.  She felt moisure beginning to flood her pussy
and knew it would be dripping down her thigh soon.  When Karen told her to smile
again, she was actually able to form one this time.  She thought it might even
have had some hint of her hunger in it.  She became briefly angry with herself
that her body was giving itself over to this sick, sadistic situation she was
in.  FLASH. 

Karen put her through a range of poses, all intended to make her appear to be
the wanton slut she was beginning to feel like.  The worst one (or was it the
best one?) was when she had to turn away on all fours and spread her legs while
arching her back.  Karen ordered her to "purr like a kitty" as she took the last
few pictures to finish out the roll.

While she was still on her hands and knees, Karen stood and told her to crawl to
her bedroom.  Carol felt herself so far beyond the edge of desire that her fear
was beginning to fade.  She crawled down the hallway and into the large master
bedroom at the far end of the house.  Karen picked up the box of garbage bags
and followed, leaving her heels and the cameras back at the entry area. 

The slut had certainly gotten horny, Karen knew.  Her juices had flowed all the
way down her inner thighs to the floor.  Her entire body was alive with desire,
and it was quite an alluring sight to see her skin glistening in the dim light
as she crawled slowly down that long hallway.  Karen was tempted to make use of
her right there on the floor, but she had an agenda and intended to follow it. 
Self discipline was more than just a family trait, it was also a necessity of
her profession.

Karen made her stand and assume the "present" position against a wall next to
the dresser. She took a garbage bag out and tossed the box on the bed.  She
handed the bag to Carol and told her to hold it open, then slid open the first
dresser drawer.  It was Carol's lingerie drawer, containing dozens of panties
and bras.  Karen quickly tossed all of the bras into the bag, then began looking
at each pair of painties in turn.  Some she would discard into the bag and some
she piled on top of the dresser. Most of those remaining on the dresser were
thongs or bikinis.  All of her briefs had been relegated to the bag.

Carol looked on in fearful amazement as the woman went through her most intimate
things as though they were mere rags.  It was not easy to remain quiet, and she
really didn't understand at all why this was happening.  She was simply being
ignored, or rather, simply being used as a tool to hold the bag open. 

Karen went through all of the remaining drawers in quick succession.  She dumped
all of the slut's husband's clothes out onto the floor in one big heap, but
carefully considered everything that belonged to Carol before either piling it
on the dresser or putting it in the bag.  By the time she was through, Carol's
arms were getting tired. 

Karen moved quickly across the room and began going through the closet.  "Get
another bag and come over here.", she said flatly.

Carol placed the bag down next to her husband's clothes and pulled another out
of the box on the bed.  "May I ask, ah.  May I ask Miss Karen a question
please?"  Her voice was faltering, as though she had absolutely no confidence in
anything.

Karen didn't answer.  She had heard the question, but wasn't wasting her time. 
She had no use for questions other than her own. 

Carol stepped closer and assumed the same position she had held over by the
dresser.  She spread her legs the required distance and held the bag out.  It
was soon being filled with some of her favorite suits, dresses, skirts, pants,
blouses, and shirts.  Not much was kept, other than what was obviously revealing
or tight fitting.  By the time Karen was finished with the hanging items, she
had filled three bags. 

Next she went through all of the shoes in the closet, only keeping some workout
and running shoes as well as everything with heels over three inches.  She threw
the rejects out of the closet onto the floor, telling Carol to put them in a
bag.  She told Carol to put on a pair of sandals with five inch heels that she
had found gathering dust in the corner of the closet.  Karen then moved past her
while she was still picking up shoes and went to the nightstand beside the bed. 
Carol's heart filled with dread when she looked up to see Karen opening the
nightstand drawer. 

"Hmmm.  What have we here?", Karen asked gleefully.  Without waiting for a
reply, she pulled Anne Rice's Beauty Trilogy out of the drawer and tossed all
three copies on the bed.  "No wonder the little slut has been so compliant",
Karen thought, "She's probably always dreamed of something like this happening
to her". 

Then, she pulled Carol's vibrator and dildo out.  The vibrator was a simple,
battery operated one of eight or nine inches in length.  The dildo, however, was
something entirely different.  It was a very large, very realistic
representation of a well hung black man's penis and balls.  "It doesn't take a
genius to figure out who you're thinking of with this thing inside you, does
it?", Karen asked in what seemed to be a good humor. 

Carol was so very humiliated.  "No, Miss Karen.", she replied sullenly as she
tightened the straps on her "honeymoon" sandals.  She quickly finished bagging
the shoes and stood unsteadily in the sandals.  She placed herself in the
"present" position where she stood, having a little trouble keeping her ankles
steady. 

Karen wouldn't have chosen her if she hadn't been quite attractive to start
with, but seeing her in heels reinforced Karen's belief that she could be made
into an exceptionally sexy slut.  "Go get my scotch and the cameras.", Karen
ordered curtly.  She smiled with satisfaction as she watched her victim turn and
leave the bedroom.

After Carol had delivered the scotch and cameras, Karen ordered her to take all
of the filled garbage bags to the garage.  She was feeling a bit of a buzz by
then, and downed the remainder of the scotch in one gulp.  She checked out the
video camera and got it ready to film just as Carol was returning from her last
trip to the garage.  Before Carol could assume her proper position, Karen told
her to get a fresh razor, shaving cream, and a damp washcloth out of the master
bathroom.

When Carol returned, Karen motioned her toward the bed. Karen moved down so that
she was  between the dresser and the foot of the bed, and turned the video
camera on.  "Turn and face me, slut.  Good.  Now lay back on the bed and lift
your knees.  That's it, spread them wider.  There's no need for any modesty now
that we know what a whore you are." 

She noted with satisfaction that the slut's blush showed nicely through the
digital video camera's viewfinder.  She did as she was told, though, and must
have known what was to come.  Karen zoomed in for a closeup of her face.  There
was as much unmitigated desire in her expression as there was fear.  "Have you
ever shaved your pussy, slut?"

Carol's perfect eyebrows furrowed with concern.  "Um.  No, Miss Karen.  Please
don't ma..."

"Shut up!", Karen snapped.  "You can either sit up for another slap or make that
pussy smooth!"

Carol had been growing more accustomed to being naked in front of the woman, but
this was such an alien mix of sheer terror and unregulated excitement that she
could do nothing but what she was told.  She lie on her back now, with her knees
held up and widely apart, wantonly displaying her wet pussy for her mistress. 

Slowly, Carol spread the shaving cream over her pussy and began shaving. 

Still filming, Karen began to question her.  "You seem to be surrounded by a few
things that came out of your nightstand, Carol.  What are they?"

"Oh, God.", Carol thought.  "She's not going to make me do this...to talk about
my things."  But, she found herself responding, if haltingly.

"Um. My...", her face wrinkled up in the cutest way when she realized her
mistake.  "Sorry.  Miss Karen found this slut's books, her vibrator, and her
dildo."

"I see.  What are the books?  What are they about?"

Carol was just beginning to pull the razor up on either side of her pussy,
carefully smoothing the skin with her left hand as she shaved with her right. 
"They are a trilogy about some people who are captured and used as, as sexual
slaves, Miss Karen."

"Uh huh.  And you have these books in your nightstand because...why?", the
interviewer inquired.

"Ah, because they make this slut horny, Miss Karen.", Carol replied, using the
washcloth to wipe the razor off before starting in on the well trimmed little
triangle that remained above her pussy.

"And are you horny now, slut?" 

"Oh, yes, Miss Karen.", Carol breathed heavily.

"What about that  big black dildo, slut?"

"It's, ah.  It's what I, I mean,  it's this slut's dildo.  She uses it to fuck
herself, Miss Karen."

"Oh?  Where do you fuck yourself with that thing, slut?"

"In my pussy, Miss Karen.", Carol sighed, pulling the razor up for the last time
before wiping herself dry.  She looked down to see herself completely smooth,
like the porno stars she and Ralph liked to watch before making love.

"But that's not correct, slut.  You don't have a pussy.  I have a pussy.  You
have a cunt.  Tell me again where you fuck yourself with that monster."

Carol had placed the razor and washcloth off to the side, but stayed in position
out of fear of displeasing Karen one too many times.  The thought flashed
through her mind that she was thinking less of the ramifications of failing to
satisfy Karen than she was of the desire that she was barely able to contain.

"This slut fucks herself in her cunt, Miss Karen."

"I'll just bet you do!  I'll bet you'd just love to show me how you can suck on
that thing, wouldn't you?"  Karen was getting even more turned on playing out
her twisted interrogation.  The footage would be useful once it was digitally
edited.  Her new toy's motor was certainly running.

"Uh.  Yes, Miss Karen."  Carol reached behind her head until she grasped the
dildo and raised it up so that it was pointing down toward her mouth.  It made
for a great closeup as Karen zoomed in.  The slut licked her lips several times
before bringing the tip of the huge dildo lower toward her mouth. 

"Before you begin, I will permit you to touch yourself while you suck it for me,
but I do expect to hear plenty of moaning out of you, slut."

Wordlessly, Carol slid her right hand down between her legs and placed her
middle finger gently over her clitoris.  Her eyes closed softly as she bagan
little circular motions with her fingertip as the dildo was brought down into
contact with her lips.  She opened her lips widely to accommodate it, but could
not take in much more than the first three or four inches because it was so
thick.  She began breathing even more loudly, and groaned deeply as her little
bud hardened and pushed outward toward her juice slickened finger.

This was what Karen needed.   There was no doubt the slut was operating of her
own free will.  "Oh, by the way, you are not permitted to cum without
permission, so be careful to avoid angering me. slut."

"Yes Miss Karen!", Carol answered a bit too enthusiastically.  She was quickly
reaching a crecendo, and knew that it was obvious.  She was swirling her tongue
around the head of the dildo, just the way Ralph loved for her to do to him. 
Her finger was alternately pushing, circling, and tapping on her rigid clit as
her juices flowed freely down onto her satin bedspread.  She could think of
nothing but how hot she felt and how badly she wanted to cum.

Karen stopped filming with the video camera and reached for the digital still
camera.  She took two or three quick shots using the flash from across the room
before returning to the area at the base of the bed.  There was a dark spot on
the bedspread underneath the slut.  She was possibly the wettest bitch Karen had
ever seen.  That was not a bad thing.  Things seemed to be getting very close,
and Karen did not want the slut to cum.

"Stop!", she shouted, loud enough to startle Carol.  Carol froze, but
reluctantly. She wanted it badly, as badly as she ever had in her life.

"On your feet!", Karen ordered, pointing to the side of the bed. 

Carol dropped the dildo and quickly stood, assuming the position as she had been
taught.  She felt her juices flowing down both inner thighs.  The sandals
certainly hadn't gotten any more comfortable in the brief time she had been
shaving and tormenting herself on the bed. 

Karen then told her to get down on her hands and knees and to give her a "little
tour" of the house.  Karen took it all in as though she were considering buying
the place.  Carol had few chances to look up at her. When she did, she could see
that her neighbor was doing a lot of thinking.  With the slut crawling in front
of her, Karen looked over every inch of the place, including the spacious two
stall garage.  She had retrieved a good length of cotton clothesline in the
garage and a pair of scissors out of Carol's home office, as well as a bag of
spring-type clothespins from the laundry room.  Carol loved to hang her laundry
out in the fresh air.

Karen directed her onto the deck that adjoined the back of the house and
overlooked the back yard.  Carol was very nervous and felt so exposed as she
crawled through the sliding glass door onto the deck.  She had forgotten how
oppressively hot it was outside.

It was still a couple of hours before the late spring sunset.  Like all of the
homes in the area, this one featured a high stucco wall surrounding the well
maintained back yard.  There was  a nice lap pool and a small poolhouse as well
as a barbecue area  with a built-in brick grill.  None of the homes were more
than a single story, so the back yards afforded a great deal of privacy and some
sense of seclusion, although noise could be a problem at times. 

Karen briefly left her on her hands and knees as she quickly strode over to
check something out at the poolhouse.  Carol watched her walk away with a lust
that she had never known for another woman.  She considered herself completely
straight, but what was going on here was something totally beyond her wildest
dreams, or nightmares.  She was still fearful, but so very, very horny. 

Karen motioned for her to come to the pool house.  She crawled down the two
stairs and across a portion of lawn quickly enough, she thought.  But, Karen
grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked her mercilessly to her feet. 
Whispering with an unmistakable intensity, Karen said, "You need some fresh air
and some time to think about things.  I am going to secure you here until I have
a use for you."

With that, she pulled Carol's hands behind her back and expertly bound her
wrists together with a length of the clothesline.  Out of Carol's view she
fashioned a noose and tossed it up over a beam on the pool house's extended roof
overhang.  She pulled the noose end down over Carol's head and seated it firmly
up under her jaw line.  She pulled the rope taught and tied it back to itself. 
She cut a third length of about three feet and wrapped it around the slut's
knees, binding them tightly together.  She stepped back to admire her work.

Carol looked thoroughly terrified, although her nipples were certainly erect and
her juices seemed to be flowing even more freely out of her smooth cunt.  She
simply didn't know what was happening.  She was being held perfectly erect by
the rope around her neck and would likely die if she lost her balance and fell
off her sandals.  She was completely helpless.  It was perfect, Karen thought.

Carol watched intently as her captor raised her skirt a bit and reached up under
it to tug down her panties.  She pushed them down over her knees until they
dropped, then stepped out of them.  Carol was amazed at how poised she always
seemed to be, even when she was stepping out of her panties it was as though it
was a perfectly normal circumstance.  It was when Miss Karen picked the panties
up and began balling them up in her hands that Carol began to understand the
implication.  She did not fight it, and opened her mouth willingly to allow her
mistress to stuff the wet panties deeply enough to effectively gag her.  Carol
swooned at the wonderful fragrance and taste of this strange, frightening woman
who had stolen her from the world. 

Karen placed a section of the clothesline between the slut's open lips and
pulled the ends tightly around to the back of her neck where she tied them in a
knot.  This forced her panties even further back and guaranteed that they
couldn't be expelled.   Next Karen pulled four of the clothespins from the bag
and showed them to her victim.  The poor, weak school teacher shook her head
vigorously when Karen began to playfully squeeze one open and let it snap
closed.  She did this several times before growing bored of the little game. 
She gently grazed the long nail on the end of her index finger against the
underside of the slut's right nipple.  It was the first time she had touched
Carol in any way other than slapping her or yanking her hair.  Despite the heat,
she could see the goosebumps rise on the slut's skin. 

"My God,", Karen whispered seductively.  "your nipples are simply obscene!  Look
at how long they are!"  Karen was delighted.  She had no idea they could have
grown any larger. 

Carol had always been self conscious of her nipples, particularly when she was
fully aroused.  They were prominent enough when it was simply cold or she was
mildly excited, but Miss Karen was right, they were obscene when completely
hard.  She had measured them once, and knew them to be a full inch long when
they were like this.

All kinds of possibilities were passing through Karen's mind, but for now she
simply needed to manipulate the other nipple to an equal length.  She had plans
for them.  She grasped and twisted the left nipple, causing Carol to gasp
audibly.  It had the desired effect, and she stepped back momentarily to
appreciate the long shadow the nipples cast across her new toy's full breasts in
the early evening sunlight.

It was a small thrill for Karen to finally place the clothespins on the slut's
engorged nipples.  Carol winced as each clamped down, but seemed willing to at
least try to bear up.  Before she got adjusted to the pain, she felt Karen
sliding a finger deeply along the cleft of her pussy, scraping across her still
rigid clitoris on it's way out.  Karen brought the finger to her nose, sniffed
lightly, then wiped it off on Carol's lips.  She quickly knelt down to clamp a
clothespin on each of the slut's outer lips before rising to double check all of
her knots to ensure Carol stayed in place until such time as she chose to do
something with her. 

"I'm going to be busy for a while.  I'll check on you periodically.  Use this
time to concentrate on what kind of a slave you are going to be.  I have use for
you only so long as you make me happy, and can do without any drama.  You are
property now, and your life is going to be very different.  Get adjusted to it.
If you don't think you can, I would suggest you simply fall over and hang
yourself.  Do you understand me, slut?"  Karen looked intently into the
teacher's eyes.

Carol nodded slowly, not doubting a single word. She could do nothing but look
longingly after Miss Karen as she strode confidently back into the house.




V. Transition

Karen made a mental note to check on the slut every half hour.  She would need
to be watered periodically to keep from wilting.  She had enjoyed her time
getting the stupid bitch under control and was well satisfied with the progress
so far.

It had already been a long day for her, considering that she had just driven in
that morning from a debriefing in Arlington, Virginia the night before.  She
decided to go back to her home and regroup.  After a quick search she found the
slut's house keys.  She put her heels back on and picked up her jacket.  Locking
the door behind her, she made her way across the yard to her home.   After a
quick   shower she got dressed in some workout clothes and put her supplies in
her gymbag before heading back over for more fun.

Back in the slut's house, she poured herself another scotch before going into
the garage and loading all of the discarded clothes into the trunk of the slut's
Toyota.  She had noted earlier that the car was fairly new and didn't exhibit
any identifying marks such as custom paint, wheels or bumper stickers that would
make it recognizeable.  Next she went to the office and looked for anything that
would be of use to her.  She searched through the slut's purse and wallet,
taking   IDs, credit cards, and cash before dumping everything else in the trash
can. 

She found the number of a 24 hour a day locksmith in the yellow pages and called
in a work order to have the locks rekeyed on the entry door and the side door to
the garage.  She used the slut's name. 

Finding a couple of brown paper shopping bags under the kitchen sink, she took
them to the bedroom and placed all of the slut's remaining clothes in them
before dropping them on the garage floor.  She double checked to make sure no
clothing of any kind remained in the bedroom, and returned the vibrator, dildo,
and books to the nightstand drawer.  Karen took the razor and shaving cream back
to the master bathroom and disposed of the washcloth. 

Next, she opened her gymbag and began installing the surveillance equipment the
agency had asked her to test.  It was all cordless, nearly undetectable, and was
supposed to proved better clarity than anything previously available.  She
installed video throughout the house and emplaced audio bugs on her phones.  She
was also testing a new software program that tracked activity and broadcast it
to a remote location.  What was left in the bag when she finished was the
tracking and "body" audio she would make use of in the morning.  She turned the
TV on in the bedroom and quickly returned to her home to verify that the monitor
and recording bank were picking everything up.  Seeing that all was well, she
returned next door.

It was time to check on the slut.

Carol had experienced a great deal of difficulty in controlling her thinking
since being left bound as she was in the hot sun.  Her feet had long since gone
numb, as had her nipples.  The clothespins on her pussy were especially
annoying.  She couldn't look down at them because the noose wouldn't allow it,
and simply found herself watching the clouds float lazily by while torrents of
jumbled thoughts continued to rush through her consciousness.  She had no clue
how much time had passed, but was so very relieved to see Miss Karen returning
through the sliding door. 

She had changed into a short pair of bike shorts and a loose t-shirt, and looked
even prettier than she had in the suit.  She even smiled warmly as she
approached. 

"Thirsty?" she asked enthusiastically.

Carol nodded as another rivulet of sweat ran through her brow and into her left
eye.  Karen playfully wiped some of the sweat off her forehead before holding
the glass up to Carol's lips.  With the panties pressed so firmly toward the
back of her mouth, there was no chance of her being able to take a drink.  She
soon realized that Karen only intended to saturate the panties, allowing Carol
to at least get some moisture through them.  It took a few minutes for the
entire glass to be fully absorbed and sucked through the panties. 

Before returning to the house, Karen dragged a finger gently upward along
Carol's slit to verify that she was still wet.  She scraped a fingernail along
the underside of her clit, eliciting an involuntary spasm before holding her
fingers up to see them glisten in the slowly dwindling light of that Sunday
evening in June.  This time, Karen brought it to her lips for an experimental
first taste.    "Mmmmm.", she coo'd melodramatically. 

Karen returned quickly to the house and stripped the slut's bed, throwing all of
the bedding in the laundry room.  She went to the kitchen and made herself a
nice salad to eat while she waited for the locksmith to arrive.  Just as she was
finishing up, the doorbell rang.  Playing the part of the homeowner, Karen
directed the man to change out the entry and garage door locks.  She watched TV
while he worked.   When he was finished, she paid him in the cash she had taken
from the slut's purse, tipping him ten dollars for his trouble.  He seemed very
happy before she sent him off on his merry way.  Karen took the receipt he had
given her and placed it in her bag for safekeeping.  It would be of use later.  

She quickly returned to her suffering captive and asked if she was ready to obey
her orders. 

Of course Carol nodded "yes".  She had lost all feeling in her feet and had
begun wondering how long she could stand there without losing her balance and
being choked by the noose.  It seemed like she had been there forever, although
she knew it was probably less than two hours.  The sun was just then sinking
behind the trees at the back of her yard, casting long shadows and bringing a
bit of relief from the heat. 

Karen decided to take the clothespins off the bitch while she was still gagged. 
She reached down to pinch and twist that lovely little clit just to ensure the
slut was feeling more than a little conflicted when she removed the clothespins.  
Her pussy was still satisfactorily wet, which was a good thing.  She removed and
dropped the clothespins that she had attached to Carol's pussy, then reached up
to simultaneously unclasp the clothespins from her engorged nipples.

Carol was relieved when the pins were taken off her pussy.  They had been
annoying, like a scratch she couldn't itch.  The pins on her nipples were
different, however.  Carol first winced, then screamed into her gag as the blood
pulsed back into her nipples, arousing raw nerve endings and lighting Carol up
as she had never been before.  She thought she understood what it would feel
like to have red hot pokers applied to her nipples, they hurt so much.  Through
her tear and sweat-streaked eyes she saw Miss Karen smiling delightedly at her.

"Isn't this fun?", she cooed. 

As the pain was slowly fading into something tolerable, Carol  noted with relief
that Miss Karen was untying the knot that had secured the noose to the
poolhouse.  She pulled the loose rope over Carol's shoulder and took hold of it
as though it were a leash.

"Come now, my slut.  Time for a walk.", Karen ordered casually. 

As Carol tried to awkwardly comply, it felt as though a thousand needles were
being pressed into the bottom of her feet.  She had never spent much time in
heels and wasn't accustomed to them, especially under circumstances where she
had to stand in them for so long without being able to move.  Her knees were
still tied together, causing her to have to splay out her feet in order to take
small steps.  She felt so clumsy as Miss Karen led her slowly along the side of
the pool toward the small area of lawn Carol and her husband maintained at the
rear portion of the yard.  She was grateful to be moving, but still fearful and
confused as to what might happen next.

Karen carefully led her new pet to the center of the grassy part of the back
yard and turned her to face the house.  Leaning in so close that her lips
brushed against the slut's ear, Karen whispered softly, "Are you ready to begin
learning some of your new rules?"

Carol nodded eagerly.  Anything to avoid being slapped or having the clothespins
put back on her nipples.  She tried through the gag to say "Yes, Mistress.", but
it came out as an unintelligible mumble. 

"Good girl.", Karen cooed, as though she were talking to a cat.  "Look around a
little to make sure you can find this exact spot again.  Okay?"

Carol nodded.

"This is where you will come to pee.  When you really need to pee, you will ask
my permission by saying, "Miss Karen, may the slut have permission to go to her
place in the yard?", and you will come to this exact spot if I give you
permisison.  Do you understand so far?"

Carol nodded.  Could it get any worse?

"And when you come here, you will squat down on your haunches with your knees
wide and your hands behind your back, facing the house.  Do you understand that
part?"

Carol nodded.

"Then you will hold that position until I signal that it's okay for you to pee. 
When I tell you or signal that it's okay to pee, you will pee then without
delay.  Do you understand this part?"

Carol nodded again.

"After you have completely emptied your bladder, you would return to the place
and position or activity you were in when you requested permission."  Karen took
advantage of the opportunity to slip her tongue in the slut's ear.  It was not
so much to give the slut any pleasure, but to entertain herself by watching how
fast those abused nipples would harden.  She was not disappointed.

"My time is highly valuable.  You have no value and your time is
inconsequential.  So, you won't waste my time by interrupting me for pee breaks
too often.  When you ask, you'd better be sure there won't be any delay or that
you won't be pissing out a respectable volume on your lawn here.  There will be
consequences otherwise. After a while, you'll kill the grass in this spot and it
will be easy for you to find.", Karen added, intentionally drawing a parallel
with the effects of animal urine on lawns.  It was part of the process.

She stepped back and looked up into the sparse clouds, noting the golden tint
they were taking on as the sun lowered toward the horizon.  "I'll tell you later
how we'll manage your bowel movements."

Carol was struck by the matter of fact attitude that the woman displayed.  It
was obvious she had done this before, possibly several times.  Carol's feet were
still sore but the numbness had left her, only to be replaced by the horny
longing her new neighbor was always able to reestablish in her.  More than
anything, Carol still just wanted to cum.

Carol watched as her mistress strolled up to the edge of the pool and began
stripping off her clothes.  There didn't appear to be an ounce of fat or flab on
her.  Hers was the sorty of athletic body that Carol could sometimes convince
herself that she had while really knowing she might never quite get there.  She
gazed after the object of her torment and her desires as Miss Karen began
swimming laps in the pool.  It was another form of reinforcing Carol's status,
leaving her standing there, bound and naked in her back yard, while enjoying a
refreshing swim.  Carol knew it, but her lifetime of fantasies of being used in
just this manner gave her the perspective that it was something she had always
wanted but never thought could happen.  It was not the sort of situation she
would ever have put herself in.  But, once in it, she found her desires
impossible to control and her thoughts more attached to the role she found
herself in than detached from it.  She was surprised that she was not dwelling
on thinking of the means to escape.  She was very much in the moment, feeling
the pain, the heat, and the warm glow between her legs that seemed to have a
louder voice than reason.

Though the pool was a bit shorter than hers next door, Karen enjoyed the swim. 
It was always a turn on for her to swim naked, especially in unfamiliar
surroundings.  She knew she would be spending a lot of time in the pool.  She
reminder herself to find out who maintained the pool.  Service people could
arrive at an inopportune time, and that wouldn't be good.  After twenty
freestyle laps, she climbed out of the pool and laid down on her back next to
her clothes on the concrete deck.  The slut could watch her for a while as she
let the slight, early evening breeze dry her body.  She closed her eyes and
rested, confident the slut wasn't going anywhere. 

She was right.  Carol was mesmerized by the sight of her mistress's taught body. 
Her breasts were small but very well shaped and firm.  Carol longed to
experience her.  She had never been drawn to another woman before, but had often
wondered what it would be like to be dominated by a beautiful woman.  She was
finding out.  She so wanted to be used sexually that she felt herself becoming
wet again, fearful only of the humiliation she might suffer when it was noticed. 
But, was it really fear?

After about ten minutes of relaxing, Karen turned her head toward the slut and
told her to go into the house and to bring her hairbrush out.  For a moment
Carol couldn't compute how she could perform the task, bound as she was.  But,
she realized she could still grasp things with her hands tied behind her back as
long as she could access them.  She shuffled toward the back of the house,
barely managing to open the sliding door, and stepped inside.

By the time she returned, she was disappointed to see that Miss Karen had
dressed and was sitting in one of the lawn chairs at the rear corner of the yard
near the stone grille.  Carol slowly made her way there, understanding what it
must feel like to be handicapped.  All the while, her nipples were hard and her
pussy wet.  She was loving the abuse, if not every aspect of it.

Karen would not betray her feelings, but she was surprised at how readily the
slut had accepted her authority.  It was simply a stroke of luck that she chose
one that harbored secret, submissive fantasies.  It would be so much easier to
establish dependency and reach a state of instant obeyance with this one.  She
reminded herself to continue to be cautious.  For the time being, though, all
was well.  The slut had managed to hobble all the way to her location and was
standing directly in front of her now.  Though impatient by nature and always
anxious to move along to the next thing, Karen forced herself to enjoy the
evening for a few minutes longer before acknowledging the slut's presence. 

"Turn around.", Karen ordered.  She untied the clothesline binding the slut's
wrists and tossed it onto the grass.  "Face me."

Carol turned back around as she had been told.  She was ordered to brush Miss
Karen's hair, and spent the next ten minutes carefully grooming her beautifully
thick, shiny, blonde mane.  Miss Karen finally took the brush from her hand and
dropped it onto the grass before untying the rope binding Carol's knees
together.  It felt so much better to be able to straighten her legs.  Now, if
only Miss Karen would allow her to remove the gag.

Karen stood and took hold of the clothesline hanging from the noose and again
led the slut across the yard toward the pool.  At the pool's edge, she told her
to take the heels off and get in.  She could see the relief on the slut's face
as she stepped out of the heels and lowered herself into the pool. 

The water felt great, but her feet felt even better.  She looked up at her new
mistress, wondering what to do next, then slowly moved into her waiting position
with her hands clasped behind her neck and feet spread.  Mistress smiled, and
Carol was able to smile back, happy that she had done well. 

"Dunk your head and get out, pet.", Karen ordered.

Carol dipped her head fully under the water, squeezing her mouth shut as much as
possible to keep the chlorine out, then quickly pushed herself up out of the
pool.  She returned to the proper position once she was out.  Miss Karen stepped
closer and removed the noose from around her neck, dropping it onto the concrete
deck.   She then untied the knot at the back of Carol's neck and pulled it free
of her mouth, dropping it. 

"You may spit my panties out now.", Karen told her. They landed on the deck with
a loud "splat".

"Quickly gather up all of the debris we've left around here and go to the
garage.", Karen said before returning to the house. 

Carol literally ran around the back yard gathering her heels, hairbrush,
scissors, the pieces of clothesline, clothespins, and Miss Karen's wet panties. 
She anxiously rushed to the garage and placed all of the items neatly on the
floor before assuming the position.  She hadn't seen Miss Karen in the house,
and she wasn't in the garage.  Carol nevertheless remained perfectly motionless
as she waited.  Things had changed since she had been in the garage.  Some of
the bags seemed to be missing, and she could see that her clothes had been
bundled into a good number of brown grocery bags.  What did that mean?

The garage was not air conditioned like the rest of the house, so Carol began
sweating again as she waited.  It was so quiet.  She wondered what would happen
to her, what would happen next.  Her mind began to play through the
possibilities.  She envisioned herself being kissed by Miss Karen, and it nearly
made her swoon.  Carol knew that she was more than a little taken in by the
situation, and by the strong woman who had put her in it.  She reminded herself
that this was all her fault.  She thought that what she was really doing was
protecting her husband and her mother from a lot of pain, and saving herself
from complete personal and professional destruction. 

Inside the house, Karen had gathered up the slut's cash and credit cards and
placed them in her gymbag.  She threw the dirty bedding in the washing machine
along with some laundry detergent and turned it on.  Then she attached the new
house keys to the slut's key ring and proceeded to the garage, carrying her bag. 
She was pleased to see her new pet holding her position well despite the stuffy
heat.  Karen ignored her as she dumped the paper bags out onto the dirty
concrete floor and began rifling through the piles of items she had chosen to
keep for the slut.  She tossed aside a pair of adidas crosstrainers, then found
a little pair of black knit shorts.  Finally, after finding a black t-shirt, she
rose up and stood next to the slut.  Handing over the t-shirts, she said simply,
"put it on".

As Carol pulled the t-shirt over her head, she noticed Miss Karen grasping the
scissors.  Carol smoothed the t-shirt out over her ample breasts, seeing with
some embarassment that her nipples were pushing quite insistently against the
tight material that was already dampening up from her perspiration.  Without
comment, Miss Karen began cutting the t-shirt off just under Carol's breasts. 
She cut very carefully, all the way around, until the bottom half fell down
around Carol's hips.  Miss Karen discarded the unwanted strip by tossing it into
a metal trash can in the corner of the garage.  She dropped the scissors onto
the floor and ordered Carol into the little shorts.  They were a bit difficult
to tug on, they were so tight.  Carol had never worn them to run or work out in,
other than maybe doing some crunches or running on her treadmill at home.  They
were too short to be seen in public in.  Once she had them on, Miss Karen took
hold of the waistband at the back and tugged sharply upward, pulling the shorts
up tightly into Carol's butt, leaving the lower portion of her ass exposed. 

"Shoes.", Karen said flatly, pointing at the adidas. 

Carol crouched instantly to put them on.  She knew what a wreck she must look
like.  Her hair had certainly kinked up from being dipped in the pool, and all
the sweating certainly wasn't helping.  When she stood, Miss Karen held her hand
out toward her and said simply, "Jewelry."

Carol reluctantly tugged off her wedding ring first, then the small heart
earrings her husband had bought her, and the gold necklace she had kept on since
church that morning.  She placed them all in Miss Karen's hand and watched them
disappear into her large black gymbag. 

"We have some errands to run, slut.  So, you'll need to remember a few easy
rules and we won't have any "incidents" this evening.  Do you understand?"

Carol nodded. 

Seconds passed.  Miss Karen was waiting.

"Uh.  Oh.  Sorry!  Yes, Miss Karen, this slut understands."

 "Good.  You may refer to me as Miss Karen while we are in public, but you may
not speak unless spoken to.  You will do what you are told.  You will walk two
paces behind me at all times.  Is this simple enough for a dumb whore like you
to remember?"

"Yes, Miss Karen.  This slut will remember."




Chapter VI Debasement

"Get in the back seat.  You'll sit in the middle."

As Carol climbed into the back seat of her Camry, Miss Karen tossed her heeled
sandals onto the floor in the back seat before throwing her gymbag onto the
front passenger seat and climbing in.  She activated the automatic garage door
opener and started the car before turning around to look Carol in the eyes. 
"Spread your legs so your feet are touching either side of the car, and put your
hands behind the small of your back."  She didn't pause for a reaction.

"Yes, Miss Karen."  It wasn't until she had heard the garage door begin to open
that Carol had started to experience a great deal of anxiety.  It was bad enough
to have been slapped around, stripped, bound, and tormented behind closed doors. 
But, this t-shirt she had on was barely long enough to cover the bottom of her
breasts.  Along with the shorts, and the way her ass was hanging out of them,
she would look every bit the slut that she had been called all evening.  She
knew she looked awful, and the heels on the floor, if she had to put them on in
this outfit, well...Oh, God. 

Miss Karen was backing the car down the driveway now.  "Slide forward a bit so I
can reach you while I'm driving.", she ordered. 

"Yes, Miss Karen." Carol replied.  Her voice was quavering.  She slid forward
until she was sitting on the front edge of the middle of the back seat.  It was
not at all comfortable, and her t-shirt was riding higher on her breasts.  This
was the only time she really appreciated that she had gotten the privacy window
option on the Camry.  Not that it prevented anyone and everyone from seeing her
in this predicament, but it was at least something.

Karen noticed the increased nervousness, but knew it would take little more than
a few strokes to get the slut's mind back on her hungry pussy and the hope of an
orgasm.  Either that or a couple of slaps.  She would simply have to find a way
to cope.  That's all there was to it. 

Carol noted that Miss Karen seemed to know the area quite well.  She had not
seen any activity around the house next door in so long that she assumed the old
couple who had owned it had skipped visiting that past winter.  But, it must
have sold.  It was always so well maintained though.  Whatever.  Her neighbor
knew her way around. 

After about ten minutes they pulled into a sleazy strip mall and pulled up to
the curb in front of a thrift store operated by a charity.  Karen shut the car
off and got out, leaving the windows up.  It wouldn't hurt the slut to sweat a
bit more.  It was still oppressively hot, especially after being in a car with
such cold air conditioning for a while.  Karen opened the trunk and removed the
bags of discarded clothes that had belonged to the slut and her husband.  She
carried them through the doors and placed them in a neat row next to the check
out counter.  It took her three trips to get them all into the store.

Carol watched in frustration.  She knew those bags contained her husband's
clothes.  She was fixated on her concern as to what she would ever be able to
say to explain what happened to them.  She couldn't believe this was happening. 
Why in the world would Miss Karen do this?  Only a small, foolish part of her
told her to get out and have a discussion about this.  Prudence kept her
silently in place, sweating profusely in the heat while lewdly displayed in her
own back seat.   She glanced around, thankful that it was nearly closing time
and there were few customers in the plaza. 

Karen patiently waited while the large black woman operating the register filled
out her receipt, in the name of Carol Sizemore, for the bags of miscellaneous
clothing.  Such things came in handy at tax time.  Karen might have another use
for the receipt, though.   She returned to the Camry only to place the receipt
in the gymbag, get some cash out and to retrieve the slut.   "Get out.  It's
time to do some shopping." 

Carol told herself that it took considerable courage to get out of the car. 
Whether it was out of fear of crossing Miss Karen, having her affair exposed and
life ruined, or the simple desire to follow orders, Carol managed to get out
without objecting or breaking down in some way.  When she tried to pull the
shorts down over her butt her hand was slapped away.  "Keep your fucking hands
at your sides!", Karen hissed.  The black woman looked out at them blandly.

Carol followed Miss Karen into the store, carefully keeping pace with her from
two steps behind.  Completely embarassed to be dressed this way in public, she
kept her eyes riveted to Miss Karen's ass.  "Stoah closin in ten minute.", the
black woman warned as they passed her.  They made their way to the women's
clothing section.

Carol had always been a great dresser.  She wouldn't be caught dead in a thrift
store, let alone wearing anything from one.  All of her clothes, at least those
that were just then in a heap on her garage floor, were designer or brand name
items.  She had no idea why they were there until Miss Karen next spoke. 

"I'm guessing you're a size six.  Is that right, slut?"

Carol's heart seemed to drop all the way to her feet.  Miss Karen had called her
"slut" loud enough for the cashier to hear.

"Yes, Miss Karen.", she whispered.

Karen was browsing through the size six skirt section.  "What?  I couldn't hear
you.", she said.

"Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol answered a bit more loudly. 

Karen quickly stepped to her left, placing her face inches in front of the
slut's while taking a firm hold on her right nipple.  Pinching it roughly, she
quietly but intently said, "One more mistake and you are toast.  Do you get the
meaning of that?"

Tears welling up in her eyes, Carol answered clearly, "Yes, Miss Karen."  The
cashier was listening and doing a poor job of pretending not to be. 

Karen returned to browsing.  She pulled a black skirt off the rack and held  it
up to the slut's waist.  It was suitably frumpy, so she put it in the slut's
hands and moved over to the blouse rack.  After looking for just a few seconds,
she found a thin white polyester blouse with a wide collar and quarter length
sleeves.  It buttoned down the front. 

Carol could see a cigarette burn on one of the sleeves and a stain on the
collar.  It, too was handed to her.  Miss Karen gave her a five dollar bill and
told her to go pay for the items and to meet her at the car.  Carol tried wiping
away her tears before reluctantly making her way to the cashier.  What had she
been reduced to?

The cashier looked at her with a mild expression of contempt on her face.  She
had probably seen it all, Carol thought.  The fact that Carol was getting any
reaction at all must mean that she really did look like a complete slut.  She
felt herself blushing as she stepped up to the counter.  "Dat be all?", the
cashier asked, looking her level in the eyes.  Carol glanced around.  "Uh,
yes.", she replied shakily.  The cashier rang the items in and Carol gave her
the five dollars.  As the change was being handed to her, the cashier spoke
slowly, as though she wanted to make an important point.  "Yo life on da wrong
track, girl.  Yo needs to get raght wit God." 

"Tell me about it.", Carol thought.

Miss Karen had her toss the skirt and blouse into the trunk, surrender the
change from the purchase, then get back into the car.  They drove a few blocks
further into one of the worst parts of town before pulling into the lot of an
adult video emporium.  Miss Karen pulled Carol's credit card out of the gymbag
and handed it to her.  "Go in and buy three buttplugs; small, medium, and large. 
Then choose five movies featuring interracial sex - black men and white women.
Be sure to bring me the receipt.  Ta Ta!"  She turned and began fiddling with
the radio.

The parking lot was nearly full, and this was a dangerous part of town.  Carol's
heart was thumping so heavily in her chest that she thought she could hear it.  
She was not telling herself she was brave this time.  She was just plain scared
to death.  She had never been in such a place.  She had never been in this part
of the city. 

She slowly stood, closing the door behind her.  She heard Miss Karen click the
automatic doorlocks to the locked position before cranking the stereo.  The only
way to do this, Carol thought, was to do it quickly and get it over with. 

To say that she attracted attention when she passed through the door would be an
understatement.  She became the main attraction.  White women simply didn't
visit the store, especially white women that were dressed to fuck.  There were
eight men in the store, along with the clerk.  All of them were looking her over
quite blatantly as she stood frozen just inside the door.  Finally, the clerk,
an older man with a raspy voice and a huge head, said, "C'mon in an visit a
while, girl. We's all fammy heah."  A couple of the men snickered.  A younger
man who looked to Carol like a gang member was a bit more blatant.  He strode
menacingly toward her, saying, "Show me dem tits, bitch."

Carol nearly panicked.  She quickly considered running out the door, but thought
if she moved fast it would cause the man now standing in front of her to react
in a way that might not be best for her.  "Please.  I, ah...I just need to buy a
few things.", she stammered.  Some of  the men laughed at her.

"Oh.  You buyin nah.  Ah see.", the man in front of her replied, grabbing his
crotch.  "How much you wanna pay for dis big black man meat raht heah?"

All of the men burst out laughing as though he had said the most hilarious thing
they had ever heard.  Carol didn't know what to do.  She looked across the room
and saw a variety of butt plugs hanging on a wall display.  She decided to try
ignoring them, and stepped around the man blocking her path.  He slapped her ass
as she passed him.  The others made room for her to walk between them, but they
hadn't seen the need to keep their hands to themselves.  She wasn't so much
fondled as she was groped at as she passed through them to the display.

"Look Donnie!", one of the men exclaimed.  "Bitch take it up de ass. Lookathat!"

Carol took three different sizes of plugs off the wall and moved quickly to the
right where the movies were displayed.  It wasn't at all difficult to find five
videos that met Miss Karen's criteria.  The store obviously catered to black
men, and having sex with white women was one of their leading fantasies, Carol
knew.  The first movie she took down was entitled, "Gang Bang Bitch".  The cover
was composed of a photograph of a young white girl being forced to have anal sex
in a room full of black men.  Something clicked inside Carol.  It wasn't some
sort of epiphany,  or a bright flash of enlightenment.  It was more a sense of
resignation.  Seeing the movie cover triggered one of her darkest fantasies. 
She realized her pussy was gushing and her erect nipples were lifting what
little fabric covered them. 

Now she was in a kind of daze, pulling down the remaining four movies with
little thought, carrying them to the counter and placing everything there,
turning to face the gathering of men who were gazing hungrily at her, and simply
lifting up the front of her cut-off t-shirt to fully expose her breasts to them. 
She closed her eyes and licked her lips as the cacaphony of lewd comments washed
over her. 

"Looka dem nips!"

"Jesus H. Donnie!"

"Sweet Jesus what a fine bitch!"

"Bitch want fucked!"

She heard the door being latched.  The overhead lights were flipped off, but a
small lamp near the cash register provided some light.  The younger, scary man
took her by the wrist and pulled her toward the back of the store.  The others
followed.  Carol looked back to see the clerk glancing out the window before
following along.  Someone took her credit card out of her hand.  She was pulled
through a doorway into storage room that smelled of spilled beer and urine. 
Hands covered her entire body, pinching, rubbing, poking, and pulling at her
little shorts and her shirt.  Foul fingers slid between her lips, and she sucked
them in all their Kool menthol nicotine nastiness.  Her shirt was lifted over
her head and tossed aside.  Her shorts were roughly pushed down around her
ankles and pulled off.  She had no idea where they were thrown, because she was
already being lifted onto a table, pushed down onto her back.  Her knees were
lifted and spread, her body pulled back until her head hung free over the edge. 
They were talking all the while.

"Lissin ta the bitch purrin like a kitty!"

"Pussy wet over heah, JayJay!"

"Yessir.  Bald white pussy!"

"Ah sees dat.  Looka dem titties!"

She winced as her nipples were pinched and twisted.  They were still sore. 
Someone cradled the back of her neck.  She opened her eyes momentarily, just in
time to see a beautiful black cock being moved closer toward her lips. She
opened willingly, fully.  She looked beyond the cock, straining her eyes to see
higher.  What looked back was a video camera.  Her body tensed.  "Yo calm down,
bitch.  We wanna watch you fuckin us later.  Keep us outta jail too, right
boys?"

All of the men laughed again.  There would be no denying she was there
willingly.  There could be no claim of rape now.  All of the desire Miss Karen
had built up in her over the past few hours had put her here.  She was
responsible for this, not Carol.  Carol hadn't put herself in this position. 
Now in it, that she would take advantage of it by having her desires sated, her
fantasy fulfilled, was clear.  Why not?  Why not give in to it?  It was rape, in
a way.  She hadn't set out to have this happen.  It was not her intent.

The rationalizations flashed by between the realization there was a video camera
focused on her and the passage of the hard cock between her lips.  It moved
slowly but forcefully in, all the way to the back of her throat.  The heavy
balls rested against the top of her forehead.  She guessed there was another six
inches of shaft remaining outside her lips, but before she could reach for it
her hands were guided to other cocks on either side of her.  She took hold of
them eagerly, beginning to stroke them in an alternating rhythm that did as much
to prove that she was deeply into this game as her primal moaning. 

One of them pushed down on her knees, spreading them so widely her thigh muscles
stretched to their limits.  She couldn't see who was there or what was
happening, but someone was about to fuck her.  Thick, warm lips were on her
nipples, biting and sucking.  Someone clumsily flipped her clit back and forth
with a large finger or thumb.  It was maddeningly pleasurable, and caused her
hips to come into motion.  The cock in her mouth held her captive.  Lips
distended around it's impressive girth, she could do nothing with it as her
tongue was pressed flat against the underside while the cameraman it was
attached to held it firmly in place. 

She felt her pussy lips being pulled open as another cock was fed into her. 
This one she knew to be as big as Ralph's by the way it felt.  The man there
pushed the head through slowly before withdrawing out of her.  "Looka dat!", he
exclaimed, "Bitch's cunt all wet.  She lovin it!"

"Howsabout you shuttup and git ta fuckin it, Big Johnson.  We all is waitin our
turn boy.  Ain got all night.".

With that he replaced his cock at her pussy and pushed in, once again, until
just the head was inside her.  "Bitch can take a big black man, nah.  Bitch can
take it see."  Some of the others replied affirmatively.  "Push it in an we'll
see. Go on." 

As he began to push into her she realized he was even bigger than Ralph.  She
had never tired of being completely filled by his wonderful ten inch cock.  She
could never get enough of it.  This one was larger, and it kept pushing slowly
forward, ever deeper into her hot, clinging pussy.

The man whose penis was in her mouth now began to fuck her with slight movements
to the back and forward again, always threatening to trigger her gag reflex as
he pushed against the back of her throat.  The cocks in either hand were rock
hard and impressively sized as well.  She could feel her arms burning from the
constant stroking she was maintaining. 

Suddenly, as though it had been coordinated, both cocks that were penetrating
her were ruthlessly thrust forward.  The one in her pussy reached her cervix and
entered parts of her that had never been reached before.  It was in to the hilt,
and the momentary spasm of pain would pass quickly, Carol knew.  The one in her
mouth was an entirely different situation, however.  As it pushed into her
throat, she was able to successfully, if temporarily, stop it by pushing her
tongue up and trying to constrict her throat.  She was gagging when renewed
effort pushed it past those minor obstructions and directly into and down her
throat passage.  Her entire body bucked involuntarily as her breathing was cut
off and the searing pain in her throat made her forget everything else.  She let
go of the cocks in her hands and was able to vainly  thrash around for only a
few seconds before being pinned down.  The balls were now dangling down on
either side of her upturned nose as the man thrust fully into her throat and
held himself there for a few seconds as though to establish just what sort of a
position she was really in. 

The cock in her pussy was now pistoning in and out of her at a rapid pace.  The
long, brutal strokes were hitting home with an impact that produced an audible
smacking noise each time the man's balls slapped her ass.  She was literally
impaled at both ends.

After what seemed an eternity but was only a few seconds, she felt the cock in
her throat withdrawing slowly outward, pursued by the bile that was rising out
of her stomach in response.  When the head had slipped back past the base of her
tongue she vomited out and around the cock, the nasty, burning liquid running
down her nose and over her face into her hair.  He held himself there to allow
her time to heave a few more times and to take a couple of breaths.  One of them
said, "Ain nobody ever teach the ho ta deep throat, but she'll learn!"

Her whole body was jerking with each thrust of the man who was fucking her cunt. 
The cock in her mouth again pressed forward until it was poised for another
entry into her throat.  Trying to breath through her nose, she whimpered loudly,
trying to beg him not to do it to her again.  To no avail, though.  Again, her
throat was distended to accept the forced passage of the long cock.  She gagged
and her body jumped involuntarily again as she felt the balls sliding up over
her forehead to find their home pressing against her eyeballs this time.  She
retched again as it was withdrawn, then struggled for air.  "Damn! I ain never
seen a bitch neck stretch out like dat, Donnie!", one of them said.  "Me
neiver." , was the reply.

She was now being fucked in her pussy with abandon, and knew the man there was
close to getting his satisfaction.  She wished her attention could be fully on
what still did feel like a wonderful fucking there, but her natural instinct was
to focus on where she was going to get her next breath.  Now the man was pushing
down her throat again, and had begun fucking her as though her mouth were a
pussy.  He would push in, stroke in and out several times, then back out to
allow her to breath before repeating his merciless thrusting.  She had stopped
gagging and was thankful for that, but the burning pain in her throat made her
wonder if she would ever be able to talk again.  She knew she was taking at
least ten inches on both ends of her body.  Her fantasy hadn't involved this
sort of misery. 

The man fucking her pussy grabbed her hips and thrust into her one final time. 
With a loud groan, he spasmed and shot jets of his ghetto seed deeply into
Carol.  The man fucking her mouth seemed to be getting close as well.  He seemed
to have forgotten about her need to breath and was continuing long strokes down
her throat without pause.  She felt his balls tighten on her face as he shoved
himself fully into her before exploding directly into her throat with a few
animalistic grunts.  The two of them exchanged hand slaps before withdrawing
simultaneously from both ends.  "God damn!" someone said.

Hands pushed down on her to ensure she had no thoughts of getting up while new
cocks were presented to  her mouth and pussy.  Her own hands were guided back to
hard cocks on either side of her that needed attention.  Her nipples felt
distended and sore, but deliciously aroused from the continuous abuse they were
getting. 

Carol stayed on that table for the next thirty minutes, being used as a
convenient fuck toy for the clientele of the local black adult video store. 
Most of the remaining men opted to deposit their jism on her body rather than in
it.  The exception was the younger man who looked like he was a gang member.  He
opted to use Carol in the most debasing way a black man can, by fucking her in
the ass.  His seed was left deep within her bowels. 

When the last man had carefully shot his semen onto her face and in her hair,
she was dragged off the table and onto the floor.  The clerk kicked her shirt
and shorts at her and told her to "Get da fuck out."  Most of the other men had
drifted away while she had still been on the table. 

Carol dressed slowly, in a daze.  It wasn't that she had that much to pull on,
she was simply out of it.  She had been thoroughly fucked and otherwise abused. 
She didn't know if Miss Karen would still be waiting, or what.  She thought
about the movies and the butt plugs she had been expected to buy, and decided
she still had to follow through with that, although it seemed somehow that she
had been a different person then.  She remembered the credit card being taken. 
As she stumbled out of the storage room and toward the door, she saw that the
clerk had bagged her items and was holding out he credit card for her to take. 
"Receep is in da bag.", he said flatly. 

As each man left the temporarily closed store, he had passed next to Karen in
the slut's car and paid her the twenty dollars each had agreed to pay to fuck
her.  She had loaned the video camera to one of them in exchange for his getting
to use the slut for free if he shot a movie of the entire thing.  She hadn't
charged the clerk either, as he was taking a risk with his job in allowing it
all to happen. 

When the slut finally came wandering out and got into the back of the car, she
at least remembered her position and assume it, if a bit slowly.  Karen made a
point of counting out the one hundred and twenty dollars the slut had just made,
but didn't bother to explain it.   She turned toward her well used former
neighbor and asked what took her so long. 

"This slut was...raped by those men in there, Miss Karen."

"Well, that's no surprise.  What'd you expect going into a place like that
dressed like such a slut?", Karen replied innocently.  "You're a wreck!"

Carol didn't respond, other than to begin sobbing.

Karen next drove to a large warehouse club where she knew the slut had a
membership.  Digging into the gymbag, she produced the membership card and
flipped it into the back seat.  "On aisle sixteen there is a large animal cage,
like for a great dane or something.  Buy it with your credit card.  Get some
help to load it.  We'll have to haul it back with the trunk open.  They'll tie
it down for you."

Carol sat in disbelief.  She had just been fucked by eight men.  She wasn't
going anywhere.  She wasn't buying a dog cage for this bitch.  She wasn't...

Miss Karen was holding up a cellphone as though she were about to dial a number. 
"What was that number?  Let's see, seven one two, four seven three, eight,
five..."

It was Carol's mother's phone number.  "Wait!", she shouted.  "I'll go...I mean. 
I'm sorry.  This slut will go, Miss Karen.  Please don't call my mother!"  She
was crying openly now, breaking down even further. 

Karen flipped the cellphone closed and began looking at the movies Carol had
chosen at the video store as the slut climbed out of the car and made her way
across the parking lot toward the store.  Karen had intentionally parked some
distance away to maximize the slut's exposure.  She had borne up exceptionally
well after being so thoroughly used.  That was good.  Only one more stop after
this one, and then home for more fun and games. 

Carol felt completely hopeless as she crossed the huge parking lot.  She knew
she was attracting attention.  Women looked at her with contempt.  Daddies tried
to shield their kids from seeing her.  She was dirt.  Just a whore.  She had no
business being in public looking the way she did.  She sniffled and wiped away
her tears.   She could've kept crying, but it would only have made her more
conspicuous.  Tried to run her fingers through her hair in a vain attempt to
improve her appearance a bit.  Instead, she found her fingers entangled in the
matted, gooey mess.  She smelled.  She felt and looked disgusting. 

Karen knew the store an it's interior layout.  She watched closely as the slut
entered, showed her membership card, then walked off to the left where the
restrooms were rather than directly into the store toward aisle sixteen.  That
was expected.  The stupid bitch was sloppy at remembering her instructions and
would be corrected soon enough.  Karen found it amusing that the slut never
questioned why she was buying a cage.  She either thought nothing of it or knew
it was for her and opted not to object.  It was the trauma of having to walk
around in public in the condition she was in that made her rebel.   Rebellion
was good if it led to better control.  Before long the subject would be on
autopilot in terms of following instructions and the need to coerce her would
dissipate. 

About fifteen minutes passed before the slut reappeared in front of the store
with an employee pushing the cage on a cart.  The slut waved in Karen's
direction, but she opted to leave her exposed for a few seconds longer before
starting the car.  As Karen pulled up she could see that the slut had washed her
hair out in the restroom sink.  She had managed to clean herself up quite a bit,
but she still had that well fucked look about her.  The poor boy helping the
slut had an erection that he couldn't find a way to hide.

Karen pulled up in front of them and popped the trunk lid.  The slut helped the
boy load the cage into the trunk with some difficulty.  It would only fit in on
one end, leaving half of it hanging out.  The boy took some twine and tied the
trunk lid down to keep the cage from falling out. 

Carol thanked him nicely.  He was effusive in his thanks of Carol for
patronizing his employer.  When she tried to open the right rear door to climb
into the back of her car, Miss Karen lowered that window instead and told Carol
to get the boy's phone number.  She said she thought he might have a crush on
her.  Carol flushed at the thought of doing it, but she had to.  Turning quickly
to try to get to him before he reentered the store, she called out loudly to
stop him.  Several people in the lot looked at her as though she were a sideshow
freak.  The boy stammered out his phone number, feeling like the stroke of luck
he had just then would never be matched in his entire life. 

Carol was thankful that when she returned to the car she was able to enter it. 
Miss Karen took the receipt, the membership card, and the credit card from her. 
Carol assumed her position in the back seat as Miss Karen wordlessly pulled out
of the parking lot and back onto Palmetto Boulevard, heading in the direction of
home. 

Miss Karen adjusted the mirror so that it reflected Carol rather than the
traffic behind the car.  "Pull your shirt up over your breasts, slut.", she said
evenly, as though she were making a comment about the weather. 

Carol was too exhausted to protest, so simply rolled the cut off t-shirt up as
far as the neckline and returned her hands to the small of her back.  Her
nipples always betrayed her.  They had been hard for hours now.  They throbbed. 
They had never endured so much abuse before.  She wanted to take a long, hot
bath.  She needed a drink.  She felt much better after she had peed and
freshened up back at the warehouse store.  Miss Karen hadn't noticed.  Who cared
anyway?  What was she going to do? 

Before Carol realized it, they had parked outside a 24 hour Walmart near her
home and Miss Karen was ordering her to change into her heels and get out of the
car.  The last thing Carol needed was yet another public display.  Somebody who
knew her would see her if this kept up.  Not that they would recognize her, but
they might.  At least Miss Karen was getting out, too.  Carol smoothed the
t-shirt out over her breasts so that she would not be exposed as she got out of
the car.  Miss Karen locked the car and strode off at a quick pace toward the
store.  Carol couldn't keep up easily, and her breasts were bouncing beneath the
thin fabric of her shirt as they crossed the lot.  She pulled her shorts down a
bit to cover her exposed ass, sure that Miss Karen wouldn't notice now that her
back was turned. 

They made their way to the pet department, then found the section where the dog
collars were displayed.  Despite what she had been through, Carol was mortified
when Miss Karen began fitting different dog collars around her neck.  It was
surrealistic, Carol thought, that she was standing dressed as she was in a
Walmart pet department while this woman casually fitted her for a collar.  Carol
was ashamed when she noticed the first stirrings within her that she knew led to
hard nipples and a wet pussy.  She was quietly seething inside, angry that her
body would betray her. 

Karen chose a few nice collars.  One was a simple black leather one with a nice
wide band, another was red nylon, and the third was a simple choke collar.  She
then fitted the slut for smaller black leather collars that she would use as
wrist and ankle restraints, and chose a couple that would fit well just above
her knees. She then found a couple of large metal dog bowls. Handing all of the
collars and bowls to the slut to carry, Karen moved along to the health and
beauty aids department, where she chose the first box of platinum blonde hair
coloring she came across.  Next she found a creme hair dipilatory and an
enema/douche combo kit.  Finally they went to the hardware department and picked
up a length of chain and a chain cutting tool, as well as several padlocks.  By
then the slut had her hands full, so Karen flipped the credit card into one of
the bowls and told her to go check out.

Carol jiggled her way in the high heeled sandals to the check out counter as
Miss Karen left the store.  Carol's pussy was soaked and her nipples were again
causing the material of her cut off t-shirt to tent at just the point where each
breast peaked.  She was beginning to feel like a slut, she thought.  It was not
a choice, but rather something that was happening to her.  The memory of those
men using her as they did kept flashing into her mind.  The mental images were
horrible, but she found herself replaying them rather than being repelled by
them.   Her throat and ass were still very sore from the abuse they had
received, but...she shook her head, willing herself not to dwell on it.  She
just needed to get through the next minute or two and get to the car. 
Everything would be fine if she could only get back home and have time to sort
things out.




Chapter VII  Adjustments

Miss Karen hadn't said a word on the drive home.   Nevertheless, Carol
maintained her lewd position in the back seat, hoping all the while Miss Karen
would touch her.  Her pussy was throbbing, desperate for attention.  The men who
had abused her had no interest in her satisfaction, and while some of it had
felt very good and there had been a couple of times where she was close to
orgasm, the pain she was subjected to tended to interrupt her chances.  Now she
was as horny as ever, particularly after being forced to display herself in
public as she had.  Everything that this woman did to her made her even more
desperate to please.  She had to get satisfaction out of this somehow.  Surely
she would be rewarded.

Karen backed the car into the garage and activated the garage door closer before
stepping out.  She left the slut behind for the time being.  By the smell of
her, she was oozing pussy juice all over her seat again and could use a touch
more frustration before Karen got down to business.  Little did the slut know
that what she had experienced so far was only so much monkey business.  Soon it
would be time to get serious about this, and Karen looked forward to it.

She dragged the cage out of the trunk and across the floor to the back corner of
the garage.  Reaching into the car, she pulled out all of the items the slut had
purchased and placed the bags next to the cage.  Then she took her black sports
bag and placed it just inside the door leading to the house.  Finally she
ordered the slut out of the car. 

Carol had been worried about the cage.  Now her worries were confirmed.  She had
hoped Miss Karen had a pet dog and simply needed a kennel for it.  Now that the
cage was in her garage, she began to believe she would find herself in it at
some point.  Carol got out with considerable apprehension.  Glad to be home, she
noted a different tone in Miss Karen's voice.  It was harder, unforgiving.  She
closed the car door and assumed the proper position.  Next she was ordered to
strip, except for her heels.  Carol quickly pushed the wet, dirty knit shorts
down to her ankles and stepped out of them, then pulled the cutoff t-shirt over
her head, dropping it to the floor. 

"Go get the collars and put them on the appropriate locations, slut.  Be sure to
tear the tags off them.  Use the leather punch to shorten the smaller ones so
that they fit your ankles and wrists tightly.  I think the ones you bought for
your knees will be fine.  You should not be able to pull them off.  Do you
understand?"

"Yes, Mistress.", Carol replied with a sigh. 

Karen left the garage and entered the house.  She spent the next several minutes
snooping around, opening closets and doors, and generally cataloging anything
that she might need to be aware of.  She helped herself ot a couple of snacks
and got a soft drink out of the fridge.  Karen then retrieved the VCR from the
den and a small TV from the guest bedroom, carrying them separately to the
garage.  The slut had completed her tasks and was standing in position, looking
well fucked and quite wanton in her new collar and cuffs. 

"Hands behind your back, slut.", Karen ordered as she retrieved a padlock from
one of the bags.  Stepping behind the slut, she snapped the lock shut over the
d-rings in the wrist cuffs.  She placed the key on top of the car, where the
slut couldn't get it.  Testing to ensure she couldn't slip her hands through the
cuffs and free herself, Karen then got the chain leash and fastened it to the
collar in front.  She tugged the slut over against the wall adjoining the house
and turned her to face the side of the car.  Pulling the leashe down and between
the slut's legs, she jerked it tightly up and back, embedding it firmly  between
the slut's pussy lips and her ass. 

Carol hadn't expected the cold chain to be jerked up into her as it was.  She
had cried out, more in surprise than in pain.  Miss Karen told her to clench her
butt to hold the leash in place while she retrieved a length of clothesline. 
Mistress then knotted one end of the clothesline to the handle of the leash and
passed the other through a wall mounted shelf bracket over the Carol's head. She
jerked down on it, nearly lifting Carol off her feet, before tieing the second
knot to hold it securely in place.  Carol was now fastened to the wall in a most
unpleasant and humiliating way.  She had to keep her legs together to keep the
chain from biting too deeply into her, and she had absolutely no freedom of
movement as her ass was pressed tightly against the wall.  She could not lean
back against the wall with her upper back to rest, as it would pull the chain
too deeply into her.  All the while, the now-warm chain was pressed tightly
against her hardened and erect clit, creating a mixture of pleasure and pain
that she could neither accept or reject.

Karen stood back to admire her handiwork.  The slut looked enticing with her
back arched like that, and her calves flexing and straining on the high heels. 
She looked appropriately distressed.  Karen then went about setting up the VCR
and TV on the hood of the car, facing the slut.  This was going to be fun.

Carol watched Miss Karen work on the equipment, only half caring whether the
hood of the car got scratched.  She was getting beyond worrying about things
like that.  With the pain she was feeling in her feet, calves, thighs, and lower
back, along with the need she felt between her legs, a scratch on the car was
getting lower and lower on her list of concerns.  After all that she had been
through that evening, she just wanted an orgasm and to be able to sleep.  If the
torment continued much longer, she didn't know what she would do.  Not that she
had many choices.  It wasn't as though she could step out of the situation by
shouting out a safe word or something.  She realized she kept wavering from
feeling as though she was in this somewhat consensually to knowing it was real
and unalterable.  It was probably just a defense mechanism to believe she had
some role in this and that it would all be okay.  How could it be?  It couldn't
be.  It wasn't.

Karen thought the possibility that the slut might want to get noisy was strong
enough to merit gagging her again.  After all, they were in the garage and any
yelling could be heard outside.  No need to attract attention.  She had been
carrying around a nice ball gag in her bag all evening and decided to get it out
and install it before proceeding.  The slut felt the need to resist opening her
mouth just long enough for Karen to convince her otherwise by cruelly twisting
one of those delicious nipples.  Once it was securely in place, Karen pulled the
video camera out and held it up for the slut to see.   She connected it to the
TV and pressed "play".  She stepped back to savor the moment.

The slut's eyes bulged as soon as she recognized she was watching the tape of
herself being abused by those terrible black men.  She glanced back and forth
between Miss Karen and the TV screen, feeling a sense of hopelessness wash over
her.  How did she get the tape?  Had she...yes!  Miss Karen had arranged the
whole thing...it...she...

"I don't see a rape happening at the moment, do you, slut?", Karen asked.

Carol became truly enraged.  Screaming obcenities into the gag, she was beside
herself at the realization that she had been set up.  She didn't see a white
woman being raped by eight black men.  She saw a willing participant, at least
at the start, willingly making herself available in every way to the nasty men. 
She heard their comments all over again.  It was so strange to see her from the
perspective of one of the men - the one she happened to be sucking when the
camera was first turned on.  It was hopeless.  If only she could get loose...

"I think I'll go inside where it's cool and let you finish watching your debut
performance.  I was amazed at how you could make a gang rape appear to be
nothing more than an evening getting fucked by the boys.", Karen said as she
strolled into the house.  Karen had already viewed the film in it's entirety
while the slut had been in the wholesale store earlier in the evening. 

Carol struggled briefly, testing her bonds to see if there was any way to get
loose.  She only increased her discomfort and soon proved to herself that any
movement was futile.  She was practically suspended by the chain and wondered
what would happen when her already sore feet and quivering legs gave out.  She
couldn't avoid watching the video.   She saw herself willingly take cocks into
her hands, mouth, pussy, and ass, and heard herself moaning in obvious pleasure
despite the rough treatment she was being given.  She was fascinated at the
sight of her throat swelling as that long cock was forced down it, and was
disappointed, or maybe just surprised, that her struggle was not so long or as
intense as she remembered.  Toward the end of the film, when she had been taken
anally, she thought a jury of her peers might consider it rape.  It was
obviously unpleasant and she did struggle while the dangerous looking younger
man forced his way ever deeper into her.  A jury?  What was she thinking?  Would
she subject herself to having this video seen by anyone if she could help it? 
Who would believe she had gotten anything but exactly what she deserved by
putting herself in that position, in that place, in those clothes.  How could
she explain that a woman, her neighbor, had blackmailed her into dressing that
way?  She couldn't think.  There seemed no way out...no way at all.  By the time
the video ended she was covered in sweat, both from the heat and the extreme
exertion of trying to avoid suspending herself on the chain. 

It was a bit after midnight.  It had been a very long day for Karen, and she was
quite happy with the way things were going.  She had herself a snack in the
kitchen and decided to pour one last scotch.  She sat for a while, sipping it,
giving the slut time to see herself as a porn star and to let things settle in a
bit before proceeding. 

Carol was relieved to hear the door open.  She couldn't turn her head far enough
to see Miss Karen at first, so kept her eyes straight ahead, staring blankly at
the opposite wall of the garage.  Without comment, Miss Karen turned off and
unplugged the video camera, then turned the TV around to face toward the cage. 
Carol saw that the car had been scratched on the hood, but could care less.  She
just wanted off the damned chain.  All of the resistance had gone out of her. 
She knew she was in a hopeless situation and only wanted to minimize her
discomfort.  She knew the best way to do that was to satisfy Miss Karen, whether
she liked it or not. 

Miss Karen was digging through some of the bags they had brought home, and
pulled out the blouse and skirt Carol had purchased at the thrift store.  She
threw them onto the floor of the cage.  She got one of the padlocks out and
placed it on top of the cage.  Then, she started dumping things out of the bags
and stood to look them over. 

"You know, slut, you were provided very simple instructions before we left this
evening.  Either you think I'm stupid or forgetful, or you are stupid or
forgetful.  I lost count of how many rules you broke tonight. You need to be
punished.  But, it's late and I'm tired.  You need to go teach snotty teenagers
tomorrow and can't be completely dysfunctional.  Otherwise I'd likely leave you
here with that chain up your cunt all night.  Instead, I am going to be generous
and allow you to choose your punishment."  Karen looked toward the slut with a
glare.  "Do you understand?"

Carol nodded quickly.  Anything to get off the chain.  Her legs were about to
give way.  She couldn't feel her feet.

"Good.", Karen replied as she turned to stroll toward her suffering victim. 
"Three choices;  First, we email your poor husband a nice picture of you fucking
and sucking those nice black men you met tonight."

Carol shook her head vigorously.  She couldn't do that, no matter what.

"Second, we call your mother and play a nice audio tape of you having sex with
your new black friends."

Carol shook her head again, tears welling up in her eyes.  What would the third
choice be?

"Third, you pledge your complete and total obedience to me now and assign to me
power of attorney rights over your affairs."

Carol was dumbstruck.  She couldn't consent to either of the first two options. 
They weren't options at all.  She couldn't sign a power of attorney over,
either.  It could me the loss of everything she owned.  She already had power of
attorney on the joint holdings she and her husband owned, which was fairly
routine for military couples when one was deployed overseas.  Would Miss
Karen...

"Or, I could walk out of here now and let them find your stinking body trussed
up to the wall in a week.", Karen mused.

The slut mumbled unintelligibly into the ball gag, nodding her head. 

"Have you made a decision?", Karen asked.

The slut nodded vigorously.  She wanted off that chain.

Miss Karen told her to nod when she heard the number of the option she chose,
and she nodded when she heard "three".

Miss Karen left the garage and soon returned with several pages of legal
documents, a clipboard, and a pen.  She took the key from the top of the car and
unlocked Carol's cuffs, freeing her hands to write.  Carol was sure she would
detach the leash that was biting so cruelling into her flesh between her legs,
but it was not to be.  Still gagged and trussed, she held the clipboard in her
left hand and the pen in her right.

"Sign your full name everywhere there is an "x"., Karen ordered.

Miss Karen slowly circled the car as she waited for the stupid bitch to sign her
life away.  When all the signatures were in place, Miss Karen took the clipboard
and removed the ball gag.  Maddeningly, she began strolling around the car
again.

"I recall something about a pledge?", Karen finally said calmly.

With a voice filled with exhaustion and resignation, she began.  "Miss Karen,
ah, this slut...promises to do what you say and to...try to make you happy..."

"Pet!  You sound like a teenager caught necking in the basement!  This is a bit
more solemn occasion, don't you think?  You are pledging your complete essence
to Me now.  You are choosing to give yourself over out of love for others - to
protect them from the pain you know your actions would cause them.  That's a
noble thing to do.  It might be the best thing you've ever done in your entire
life.  So, I would like to hear you say that you accept that you belong to me,
are my property, etcetera.  Go ahead. Try again."

Tears began flowing freely over Carol's cheeks.  Confronted with what was
expected of her while fully aware of the lack of alternatives, she felt herself
sinking further into this nightmare.   Now sobbing, she began again.  "This
slut...gives herself over for the use and pleasure of her Mistress.  With...no
expectation of reward other than what Mistress may choose, and, no..."

Karen chose to complete the sentence for her.  She was growing impatient. 
"expectation of ever enjoying her freedom again except through devoted service
to Miss Karen?"

Carol looked up at her.  Their eyes met.  "and no expectation of...ever enjoying
her freedom again except through devoted service to...Miss Karen."  Carol
sighed.

"I think maybe you are starting to get it now, slut!"  Karen exclaimed as she
approached.  "Put your hands behind your back now."

Karen padlocked the slut's wrists together and got the scissors she had used
earlier off the floor of the garage.  Cutting the clothesline that held the
chain leash taught, she noted the expression of relief on the slut's face as the
upward tension between her legs was suddenly abated.  The chain remained
embedded in place, though, until Karen pulled it down and out of the slut.  She
pulled down on the leash, signaling that she wanted the slut to knee before her. 

Carol got to her knees with some difficulty.  Her feet were killing her.  Miss
Karen gently took her head in her hands and cradled it against her flat stomach,
carefully avoiding touching her nasty, matted hair.  Soothingly, Miss Karen
spoke, "Repeat after me.  I pledge the full application of my mind, body, and
soul to your satisfaction, Mistress."

Carol repeated the words, if haltingly.

"That is your new pledge, pet. You'll remember it, and each time that you repeat
it, you will kiss my feet as proof of your desire to please me."

Carol nodded slowly.  Without instructions she carefully slid her knees backward
on the concrete floor to allow enough space to bend down to kiss her Mistress'
shoes.  Her lips touched the tip of each foot in a gentle kiss.  Mistress Karen
tugged lightly on the leash, signaling for Carol to rise up to a standing
position.

When their eyes met again, Karen saw, for the first time, that look she knew
signaled the end of the first phase of the process.  She smiled and nodded
toward the cage.  "You'll be sleeping in your cage tonight, pet.  When I am sure
that you can be trusted, you'll be rewarded with better accomodations."  Karen
led her slowly across the garage to the cage.  She bent to open the door,
saying, "I want you to back your way into it so that you can watch a little TV
before falling asleep."

Carol couldn't believe that she was actually looking at the animal cage with a
sense of relief.  The floor was bare metal except for the skirt and blouse
mistress had tossed into it earlier.  She simply didn't care.  She was
exhausted, filthy, humiliated, sore, and emotionally spent.  To be able to
simply lie down and rest was highly appealing to her just then, whether it took
place in a dog cage or a king size bed, she didn't care. She was greatly
relieved and filled with gratitude when Mistress Karen ordered her to kneel,
then removed the high heeled sandals and quickly massaged her aching feet.

Karen helped the slut back her way into the cage, then closed and padlocked the
door.  The cage was roomy enough for her to turn over on her side, but she would
essentially be fixed in a fetal position for the night.    She popped one of the
interracial porno tapes into the VCR and pressed "play". 

"I'm through with you for the evening, slut.  I'll be doing some organizing for
a while and I don't expect to hear a peep out of you.  I do expect to see you
watching movies until you fall asleep.  Do you understand?", Karen asked.

"Yes, Mistress.", Carol answered just before yawning.

"I'll get you up in plenty of time to get ready for work tomorrow."  With that,
Karen picked up several of the shopping bags from earlier in the evening before
entering the house.  She left the lights on in the garage intentionallly.  The
slut had five hours to sleep.




Chapter VIII  A New Day

Karen had debated whether she should wait until her new toy had finished
teaching school for the summer before taking her.  But, she believed the higher
risk option produced much better results when the subject was forced to
participate in her own separation from her world.  She was particularly pleased
with this one and was enjoying herself considerably so far.  It could be nerve
wracking to send a newly acquired slave back into her world so soon after moving
into her life.  There was always the unpredictability of the human mind to
consider.  But, her current acquisition had fallen in love with her the night
before.  Karen had seen it in her eyes.  The slut had touched and tasted her own
fantasies.  Karen could see that the slut was drawing herself in rather than
struggling to get herself out.  She wouldn't be a big problem.

Karen had organized everything the night before so that she wouldn't exhibit any
indecision or waste any time this morning. She had made the slut's bed after
laundering the sheets and had slept well on it.  She awoke at 5:30 a.m. and
showered quickly.  Karen dressed informally,  in a pair of khaki shorts, a green
polo shirt, and a pair of canvas boat shoes.

Carol had managed to doze off to the sights and sounds of the interracial porno
movie Miss Karen had told her to watch until she fell asleep.  She awoke several
times in the night, mostly when the arm on the side she was laying on went numb. 
It took a great deal of effort for her to turn over in the confined space of the
cage, expecially with her wrists locked together behind her back.  She had
sweated most of the night because of the high humidity and heat in the garage. 
She was sleeping lightly when Miss Karen came through from the house.  "Time to
wake up now, pet!", she said in a sympathetic tone of voice.

Carol was still sore from all of the abuse she had suffered the previous
evening, not to mention the stiffness caused by spending the night curled up in
the cage.  She was filthy and she smelled badly.  She was thirsty and hungry. 
For whatever reason, as soon as her eyes saw Miss Karen, she thought of her need
to have an orgasm.

Miss Karen unlocked and opened the cage, then reached in to grasp the leash that
had remained affixed to Carol's collar all night.  She momentarily caressed
Carol on her cheek.  The touch was so much appreciated by Carol that she longed
for more.  Instead, the leash was tugged gently as she struggled to push herself
out onto the concrete floor.  Miss Karen then unlocked her wrists and removed
the cuffs, placing the lock and cuffs on top of the cage.  "Wha...what time is
it?", Carol asked groggily. 

As though bemused, Miss Karen replied quickly, "It's time for you to get on your
feet and to remember your rules.  You just broke two, and I am keeping track of
you today.  So, it might be best if you concentrate on pleasing me.  Do you
understand?"

Less groggily, Carol answered, "Yes, Mistress."

Karen knew she needed to keep everything within a sexual subtext for this one,
so she reached forward and gently stroked the slut's already long nipples
between her thumb and index finger, drawing them still further out.  She
marveled at them all over again, appreciating what a curse they would be at
times.  She worked them until they were fully distended the inch and one half
that she had seen them grow to the night before.  When she knew she had the
slut's attention once again, she turned and led her by the leash through the
house and into the backyard. 

Carol followed obediently.  It didn't seem to matter what she had been through
or how bad she felt, having her nipples tormented had caused her pussy to begin
flowing again.  She would have followed Miss Karen anywhere, leash or not.  She
became a bit alarmed when Miss Karen picked up a small crop of some kind from
her buffet table in the hallway leading to the back of the house.  She held the
leash in her left hand and the crop in her right, swishing it through the air as
they approached the sliding glass door leading to the back yard.  Miss Karen
turned and unclasped the leash from the collar before placing it on a side table
just inside the door.  Sliding the door open, she stepped aside and said, "Go
and find your spot, pet, and remember what you were taught yesterday."

Carol couldn't forget a thing about the night before, even if she had tried. 
Every second of it was firmly embedded into her memory forever.  Completely
naked except for the collar on her  neck, Carol moved quickly through the door
and across the pool deck to the grassy area beyond.  Finding her reference
points, she located the exact spot Mistress had identified the day before as
"her" spot, and she squatted down on her haunches, completely humiliated once
again, to await the signal to pee.  Unfortunately, Miss Karen was no longer at
the door to give her the signal. 

Karen took her time filling the three hot water bottles.  One was filled with
warm water and mineral oil for the slut's enema.  One was filled with a scented
douche solution, and one was filled with icewater straight out of the slut's
refrigerator.  They each held two quarts, but Karen only topped off the enema
bag.  Attached to all three were plastic hooks on one end for hanging them up,
and hoses with specialty attachments on the other end.  Between was a plastic
clamp which controlled the flow of liquid.  Karen carried all three out to the
pool house and hung them under the roof overhang where she had secured the slut
the previous evening.  She returned to the house to get her morning coffee and a
bottle of hydrogen peroxide.  She noted with mild satisfaction that the slut was
maintaining her position well.  

Carol, expecting to be able to pee once on "her" spot, was having difficulty
holding back.  She watched Mistress carry the sinister looking bags to the pool
house.  She had experienced an enema only once when she was a child and
recognized the bags for what they were.  She had no clue what was going to
happen, but she was sure she would not like it.  The sun hadn't completely risen
yet.  Carol liked to sleep in, and was frequently late getting to work.  As she
concentrated on staying in position and not peeing, she thought how bizarre it
was that within twenty four hours she had been taken from being a relatively
normal school teacher and wife to a pathetic naked woman squatting in her own
back yard until she could get permission to pee on the grass.  

Mistress finally returned carrying a cup of steaming hot coffee, a small bottle
of something, and the little crop.  She unfolded a lawn chair and sat on it
under the pool house canopy.  Finally, she nodded at Carol.  Despite the wait,
she found it difficult to begin to pee with another woman watching.  She closed
her eyes and pushed hard, finally getting a dribble started that quickly turned
into a high pressure torrent of golden piss which shot out and forward into the
grass. 

When the slut had emptied herself, Karen motioned for her to come.  She rose and
walked quite nicely to Karen's location, then assumed her position to await
instructions.  Karen sipped the coffee while reaching forward with her little
dog whip to tap the inside of the slut's thighs until she had her legs properly
spread.  It would take a while before the dignity would fade.  She gently
touched the end of the whip against the slut's seemingly always-wet slit and
elicited a cute little gasp.  So fearful was this one of being struck in any way
that the mere hint of it had an effect.  Karen smiled. 

"How many of those men came in your cunt last night?", Karen asked
inquisitively.

"Two, Miss Karen."

There was more than a hint of shame in her voice.  That was good.  "How many
came in your ass?"

"One, Miss Karen."

"Oh?  And how many came in your slutty mouth?"

"Two, Miss Karen."  Carol's head hung low in shame.  Her pussy was burning for
attention. Her nipples were so ready to be pinched.  She wanted to suck them
herself, right then and there.

"Well then.  That adds up to only five.  I understood that eight men used you
last night?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"What happened to the other three?"

"One pulled out and came on my pussy, and two came on my face, Miss Karen."

"Hmm.  I see.  Did you forget that you don't have a pussy?  Remember?"

"Oh. Yes.  I'm sorry.  One pulled out and came on my cunt, Miss Karen."

Karen whipped the dog whip through the air, causing it to whistle.  "Turn
around, pet!", she ordered.

Carol found herself instantly petrified.  The questioning had been deliciously
humiliating and degrading.  But, Mistress was putting her coffee down now,
and...Carol started turning as Mistress rose up, pulling her arm back...

"TTThhhwack!"  Karen loved the sound of that particular whip.  Even more, she
loved the pitiful little squeel the slut let out when it struck.  She was
blubbering as though she had really been hurt.  Karen let her blubber as she
stood back to watch bright little welt present itself across the slut's left
cheek.  "Good aim", though Karen.  She had pride in her ability to place a
strike with most implements within a quarter inch of her target each time. 

"Return to your position and stop your whimpering.", Karen whispered harshly. 
"You'll wake up the neighbors."

Carol's ass stung fiercly.  She had never been struck with a whip or a crop
before.  It burned with an intensity she had never felt.  It was awful.  She
hated it. 
Facing Mistress now with her legs spread, she tried her best to regain her
composure as Miss Karen began sipping her coffee again.

"You made me good money yesterday.   Twenty bucks per paying customer.", Karen
said as though her words were of little consequence.  "Of course, the clerk and
the cameraman were free." 

Carol recalled Mistress counting money when she had returned to the car the
night before, but she hadn't put the "rape" and the money together.  She had
been enraged when the movie had been presented to her.  Being set up as she had
been, and being exposed as a liar - and showing  her for the slut she really was
were all bad enough.  To now hear that she had been paid for was beyond her
ability to absorb at the moment.  She had been fucked and had sucked those men
for money?

Karen allowed it to sink in before beginning again. "I don't want you going to
work today with all of that nasty cum in all of your holes and all over your
body.  So, we'll need to clean you inside and out so that I can be proud of you. 
Who knows, if all goes well today, I might just make use of you myself!"

The last comment made Carol forget about being prostituted to the men at the
video store, at least for the moment. 

Karen could see the change in her attitude.  She had gotten the slut's attention
refocused quite well.  Motioning toward the outdoor shower stall at the end of
the poolhouse, she ordered the slut to rinse herself off with hot water, then to
come back and get into position.  Karen stood to go into the house.  She needed
to refresh her coffee and retrieve a few more things.

When Karen returned she was satisfied to see the slut back in position,
glistening and looking much brighter since the quick rinse.  Approaching from
behind, Karen noted that the stripe she had placed on the slut's ass was fading
quickly. 
She was tempted to add a few more, imagining what three diagonal welts would
look like on each flank.  No sense in traumatizing the poor thing with violence
when the cleansing would be troubling enough.  How people could subject
themselves to such things Karen couldn't understand.  But, she was sure that was
how it was meant to be.  Some were dominant, some were submissive, and what was
left over wasn't worth dealing with.

Karen was carrying a kitchen trash bag containing a bottle of Nair and the
smallest of the three anal plugs the slut had bought the night before during her
big adventure.  Karen had found a tube of KY jelly when she had emptied the
medicine cabinet and brought it along too, as well as a bar of soap and a scrub
brush with stiff bristles and a long handle that Karen knew must have belonged
to the slut's husband.  It was much too tough for a woman's skin, and it was
perfect.  She also brought the slut's toothbrush and toothpaste as well as a
fresh safety razor. 

Karen dropped the bag next to the lawn chair and carefully placed her hot coffee
on a small plastic table that sat over against the side of the structure. 
Turning toward the slut, she took hold of her wrists and gently guided them
straight out from her body so that her arms were completely exended out from
either side, perfectly parallel with the ground.  Bending to pick up the
hydrogen peroxide she had brought out earlier, Karen held it up for the slut to
see.  "We're going to sanitize your mouth with this peroxide."

With that, Karen unscrewed the cap and held the bottle up to the slut's lips. 
She poured enough in to fill the slut's mouth, then told her to hold it in and
swish it around.  Next, Karen held up the large bottle of Nair.  Shaking it, she
said, "You'll be kept completely hairless from your head down.  Not so much as a
little peach fuzz should be found anywhere on your body.  I am going to spread
this stuff on every inch of you.  The instructions say to wait four minutes
before rinsing.  We will wait ten.  If at any time you feel burning or
irritation you are to request permission to speak, then tell me so.  Do you
understand?"

Miss Karen wasn't waiting for an answer.  Carol nodded and replied hesitantly,
"Yes, Miss Karen."  Shaving the hair from her pussy the night before had made
her conscious of it every second since then.  Even now, standing as she was with
her bald pussy exposed to her Mistress, she could not help but sense that her
horniness seemed to override all reason.  She hadn't shaved her legs in a few
days, but she wasn't sure what hair Miss Karen was thinking of until...

Karen took hold of the slut's fingertips on her right hand and squirted a
liberal amount of the Nair up her arm to her shoulder.  She worked it in well,
including the backs of her fingers.  The slut wasn't particularly hairy.  What
little hair there was on her forearms and fingers was completely normal.  But,
Karen didn't want any at all.  The slut looked worried and confused, but that
was of no concern as long as she stayed still and let it happen.  Karen moved
over to the left arm and slathered it with the cream.

Carol felt like an animal.  Miss Karen was spreading the stuff over her body so
quickly and efficiently that it reminded her of how she used to give her
mother's dog a bath when she was a young girl.  She completed both arms, then
her back from the neck down to her waist.  When she squirted the stuff over
Carol's chest, it led to nothing more than a clinical application of ointment. 
Carol enjoyed the few seconds it took to cover her breasts and nipples, but she
would have preferred a bit of special attention there.  Finally, Miss Karen was
squirting out and spreading the last of the cream over both her feet.  The
entire process must have taken less than a minute or two. 

Carol was worried that someone would notice her hairless arms.  Nothing about
her seemed to slip by her students.  They had been observing her closely as she
taught them for an entire school year.  What would she say if one of them asked
what happened? 

"Get over there on all fours now, slut!", Karen ordered as she wiped her hands
on a pool towel.  

Carol moved quickly.  Miss Karen was suddenly sounding impatient, and that was
alarming.  She didn't need another swat.  Once in position, she was told to spit
out the hydrogen peroxide and was handed her toothbrush and toothpaste.

"Brush your teeth now, quickly!"

Staying on all fours, Carol managed to hold herself up with one arm while she
brushed with the other.  She scrubbed her teeth well, as always.  It felt good
to have them clean again.  Miss Karen snatched the brush from her hand and threw
it on the deck, kicking the tube of toothpaste away from her as well. 

Karen spread a bit of the KY jelly on two of the attachments that were dangling
at the end of the rubber tubes that hung from each suspended bag.  The first she
quickly inserted into the slut's cunt, then pushed the second past her sphincter
and into her ass.  She presented the third attachment to the slut's lips.  
"Open.", she ordered before pushing it in and telling the slut to hold it in
place with her teeth.

Turning to wipe the KY off her hands, she took up the dog whip again and sliced
it back and forth through the air a few times to ensure the bitch understood
that it was time to concentrate.  "I've carefully measured the quantities in
each of the bags, slut.  I know that you can accept all that I am going to put
into you.  Unfortunately you are going to cramp up and find it quite unpleasant. 
But, I am going to sip my coffee and don't expect to have to get up until the
bags are empty and you are full.  If I do get up, it will be all the worse for
you.  You are allowed to move around what little you can as long as all of the
tubes stay in you and you don't spill a drop.  Do you understand?"

"Weff Mifftuss", Carol replied, keeping the tube clamped between her teeth.  She
suddently felt warm water flowing slowly into her bowels, followed by a warm
flowing going into her pussy.  The water that then started flowing into her
mouth was ice cold.  Carol was thirsty. 

"You are to drink every bit of your water, pet.", Karen instructed as she turned
to sit down.  Her coffee hadn't lost much of it's heat, so she leaned back in
the lawn chair and watched her new slave suffer the pain and humiliation of
taking a full gallon of water into her body while the hair removal cream did
it's work.  Karen was efficient and always kept the slave's comfort so far down
her priority list that it was rarely considered.  It was a beautiful morning! 
The coffee was great.  Slut would be just as she wanted her in a few minutes. 

It was more than an odd sensation for Carol to be drinking icewater into her
body while two bags of warm water were flowing into her vagina and ass.  When
the first cramp in her bowels hit, she was shocked at how painful it was. 
Crying quietly, she tried lowering her head to accommodate the flow better and
moved around a bit otherwise, hoping to discover a way of minimizing her
discomfort.  Nothing worked, but the cramp gradually went away for a short while
before presenting itself again.  She was desperately trying to hold her pussy
closed as it filled.  She knew she would not be able to hold back the pressure
there much longer.  She tried to keep swallowing steadily through it all, but
even that was proving to be difficult.  Tears streamed down over her cheeks. 
She turned to look toward Miss Karen, and saw only amusement looking back.  Such
cruelty she had never witnessed.  Carol could never casually watch another
person suffer while she sipped coffee.  Carol focused on the dog whip, which
Miss Karen was tapping against her own thigh as though she were anxious to use
it.  It was small and light, but frightening enough to keep her in place,
soaking up water like a human sponge. 

Karen had finished her coffee by the time she heard the three bags begin to
gurgle in succession, indicating that their contents had been fully
redistributed.  The slut's belly hung low, distended by it's contents.  Water
dripped steadily out of her cunt but she continued to exert herself in the
struggle to keep it tightly closed.  Karen tilted her head to get a better view
of the slut's breasts and nipples as they hung beneath her.  They would be so
much fun to abuse in a few days.  She had been thinking of something especially
creative to do with those nipples. 

Before getting up, Karen set her empty coffee cup down and dumped out the
garbage bag, spilling the anal plug, soap, scrub brush, and razor onto the deck. 
She rose and carried the bag over to the slut.  One by one, she gently tugged
each of the three attachments out of Carol and handed her the bag.  "Crawl to
your spot, slut.  Squat over the bag and collect all of your nasty business in
it.   Seal the bag and put it in the trash can, then rinse off the Nair in the
shower.  When I come back out I'll expect you to be in your ready position right
here.  Now go!"

Karen strolled casually into the house to refill her coffee and take a bathroom
break.  She knew the slut would be fully occupied in trying to expel all of the
liquid Karen had squeezed into her.  The poor thing would have to pee all day
long after drinking so much water.  She would certainly feel clean, though.
Clean and smooth.

Carol was crying openly in her back yard, on her "spot".  She was squatting on
her haunches trying to keep a plastic bag situated so that everything that
spilled out of her could be caught in it.  It was horrible and there was
abolutely nothing good about what was happening to her.  To be so callously
abused by being filled up like a water balloon made her feel completely
helpless.  She couldn't get all of the stuff to come out of her easily.  Each
time she thought she was through she would feel another urge coming and expel
even more.  It was disgusting.  She envisioned her neighbors, a retired couple,
listening to the rude sounds emanating from her yard and wondering what in the
world was going on over there.  She was worried that she would not get it all
out and complete rinsing off the cream before Miss Karen returned.  She was
worried about the dog whip.  She was worried about being late for school, and if
anyone would notice her hairless arms.  She was worried about everything. 
Nothing was secure for Carol anymore.  She knew nothing beyond the range of her
most recent instructions. 

She stayed on her spot until she was absolutely sure she had completely emptied
herself into the bag.  Tying the end of it in a knot, she carried it very
carefully to the trash can at the corner of the yard beside the gate that led to
the driveway.   The hot water was a real pleasure even though she hurried to
rinse off the cream.  It had dried into a film that wasn't easy to remove, so
she had to briskly rub her hands over every area she could reach to get it all
off.  Peeking out of the shower stall, she was relieved to see Miss Karen had
not reentered the back yard.  Carol quickly padded over to the location she was
expected to be in and assumed the waiting position.  The sun had risen enough to
cast a yellow early morning glow over the back yard.  A few minutes passed
before she heard the glass door slide open.

Karen checked the slut over very closely, looking for any semblance of even the
smallest hair on her body.  She found a few on the back of her hands and her
forearms, and directed her to shave them off with the razor she had brought out
earlier for just that purpose.  She knew such a close examination was difficult
for the slut, both in terms of her dignity as well as her desire.  Karen knew
when she had her property purring, and this one was revved up.  She appreciated
that certain moment when a female was known to be at the height of her desire. 
The slightly swollen labia, hard nipples atop a rising and falling chest, the
frequent licking of the lips and eyelash batting.  It was mesmerizing to watch. 
Karen would have her time soon enough.  For now, though, she had a newly hair
free slave to scrub down.  "Go to the shower stall and wet yourself down, pet.",
she ordered.

Carol hurried off as ordered and doused herself with warm water.  Mistress
followed closely behind her, carrying the soap and scrub brush.  She handed them
both to Carol, telling her to wash her hair with the soap, then to lather up the
brush.  When this had been done, Mistress took the stiff brush and began
scrubbing every inch of Carol's soft skin with it.  It was coarse and it hurt, 
but Carol endured it because her Mistress didn't give her any other option.  She
was certainly getting clean, she rationalized.  The areas Miss Karen scrubbed
reddened quickly and faded back to Carol's normal skin color very slowly. 

Again, Carol felt like a dog being washed by it's owner.  There was no
consideration of her feelings or her comfort.  She was simply being scrubbed
down in the back yard because she was dirty and needed to be made clean.  The
brush was excruciating whem Miss Karen forced it between Carol's spread legs and
across her breasts.  The pain brought tears to Carol's eyes, but she remained
silent through it all.  That was remarkable even to her. 

After giving the slut a good, thorough scrubbing, Karen ordered her to rinse
off.   She retrieved the anal plug and the KY jelly and handed them both to the
slut.  "You'll be wearing this plug in your ass today, slut.  Besides constantly
reminding you of me and your need to please me, it will also initiate the
process of making your ass more pleasant to fuck."

Carol stood, dumbfounded. 

"Hesitate much longer and we'll have a conversation with my friend Mr.
Dogwhip!", Karen announced happily. 

Carol's emotions had been on a rollercoaster ride ever minute she had spent with
Miss Karen.  Now, her heart sunk as she experienced another event in which she
had to degrade herself to follow an order.  It wasn't that big.  She was sure
she could handle it...the whip...that was worse.  Much worse.  She didn't want
to be whipped again.  Never again.  Spreading the KY onto the plug, she crouched
a bit as she reached around and eased it into her ass until the circumference
narrowed at it's base and it nestled itself nicely into her.  She was surprised. 
There was only a little pain at first. Other than that, it felt kind of good
even though she was still sore from the night before. 

Karen could see the makings of a future anal queen.   The slut had hesitated
only long enough to decide she didn't want whipped.  Once over that hurdle, she
quite readily inserted the thing into herself.  Her facial expression was closer
to contentment than revulsion or disgust.  "It's always worse thinking about
things, pet.  Doing without thinking is how you will save yourself a lot of
distress."

"Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol answered uncertainly.

"Say it for me, slut.  Doing without thinking will save me distress."

"Um.  Doing without thinking will save me...distress, Miss Karen."

"Try again, correctly."

Concentrating, Carol responded, "Doing without thinking will save...this
slut...distress, Miss Karen."  She was rewarded with a broad, genuine smile. 
Her Mistress was beautiful, she decided.  Miss Karen patted her on the head,
then took her by the hand.  Turning toward the house, she led her through the
sliding door and straight to the guest bathroom.   Being led by the hand was
electrifying for Carol.  She had no idea how or why it had such an effect on
her.  Perhaps it was the first time she felt herself voluntarily submitting to
her Mistress out of desire to please her and to be with her rather than as a
result of blackmail or a threat.  The plug in her ass moved around deliciously
as she walked.  Her nipples betrayed her, as they always did.  Miss Karen
noticed.

"I'll be keeping some of your supplies in this room, and I have other uses for
it, as well."  Karen smiled and winked at the slut, relishing the blush that
nicely complimented those fabulous nipples.  Karen then ordered her to open the
medicine cabinet.

When Carol had first entered the guest bathroom she noticed that every hint of
decoration had been removed.  For some reason the toilet seat was gone.  There
was absolutely nothing left in the room that she could see.  As she was opening
the medicine cabinet she suddenly thought of Megan.  Megan!  Oh, God!  What
would happen?  Oh, God!

Carol struggled to maintain her composure and to focus on Miss Karen's words as
thoughts of Megan ran through her mind.  She saw the hair coloring Miss Karen
had chosen the night before, as well as a single tube of lipstick and a half
full bottle of Chanel.  That's all that was in the cabinet.  Megan!

Miss Karen reached around her and grasped the bottle of perfume.  "Put the
lipstick on, slut.", she ordered as she began spraying the Chanel on the slut's
neck, behind her ears, her wrists, her belly, and her inner thighs.  Carol
applied the crimson red lipstick carefully.  She was conscious of the fact that
her Mistress was practically dousing her in the perfume, but her mind was fully
on Megan.

Her little sister had just graduated from high school up north and had arrived a
few days prior to spend a couple of weeks with Carol.  She had a friend who
lived in Orlando and had left the night before to make the three hour drive to
stay a couple of days with her.  She had slipped out without saying goodbye
sometime after Carol had first left to go visit her new neighbor.  What would
happen when she came back?  She had a key to the house!  Carol couldn't believe
she had forgotten about Megan. 

Mistress had stepped out but soon returned with a comb.  Carol had finished
applying the lipstick and had put the perfume back in the medicine cabinet after
it had been handed to her.  Miss Karen inspected her lips carefully.  "Good job.  
Now, you may comb your hair with this to get the tangles out, but I am not
permitting you to style your hair, brush it, or anything else.  Do you
understand?"

"Yes, Mistress.", Carol answered flatly.

Karen snapped her fingers in front of the slut's face.  "Earth to slut!  Is
anybody home in there?", she asked mockingly.  "Were you thinking again?"

Carol couldn't tell the truth.  She had to sort things out to decide what to do
about Megan.  Maybe she could call her.  She had the number written down
somewhere...on the fridge, she thought.  "Uh.  Sorry, Mistress.  This slut will
do better."

"I am keeping count of your errors today, slut.  Don't forget that there will be
a price paid for each one.  I believe you are adding them up much more quickly
than you know!"

Carol dropped her head in defeat.  She was down.  Her sister...her baby sister. 
She dragged the comb through her hair unenthusiastically.  She knew what it
looked like and didn't even want to see herself in the mirror.  She never wore
red lipstick.  Her hair would be flat and colorless since she had only washed it
with soap. 

Karen could see that some kind of transformation in attitude had taken place. 
"Put the comb down.  On your knees, slut. NOW!"

Carol was stunned out of her doldrums and dropped to her kneeling position. 
Instantly she felt her nipples stirring again and the warmth grow between her
legs.  She hated that she was so easily turned on by a quick demand.  She still
didn't understand it.  Everything was so confusing...

"Pledge?"

"This...slut pledges the full application of her mind, body, and soul to her
Mistress' satisfaction.", Carol said, somewhat reverently.

Karen noted the improvements the slut had made in the wording since the night
before.  She must have spent some time thinking about her pledge, which was
good.  "I want to see you suck those nipples of yours, slut.  Do it."

Oh, no.  Carol thought.  She could almost bring herself to orgasm when she
licked her own nipples.  It was one of her secret, favorite things to do...it
was so...private, so...important to her...she...bent her head down toward her
right breast and gently lifted it with both hands toward her mouth.  She easily
took the length of the nipple between her teeth and nipped lightly at it,
swirling her tongue around it and sucking it hard.  She moaned quickly and
loudly, feeling herself becoming wetter by the second.  Afraid of being told to
stop, she quickly took up her left breast to ensure it got some attention. 
After being denied pleasure for so long she was hungry for it, even if she had
to give it to herself, on her knees, naked, on the guest bathroom floor,
with...Mistress watching. 

Karen immediately regretting turning the animal loose in the slut.  Not because
she couldn't undo it, but because it had quickly gotten her aroused beyond the
point where she wanted to be at seven o'clock in the morning.  She did not
interrupt her own plans once she made them, barring unexpected circumstances.  A
bit of horniness wouldn't cause her to jeopardize the slut's making it to work
on time.  She grasped the slut by her hair and jerked her head back to an
upright position.  "Enough!", she shouted to ensure she got full attention.

When she pulled the slut to her feet, she was amused to see how much lipstick
the slut had left behind on her nipples.  She decided to leave it there.  It
would make the day more interesting for the both of them.  Again, she took the
slut by her hand and led her into the garage to get her dressed. 

Carol was truly suffering.  Her pussy was hot and flowing freely down her
thighs. She was desperate.  At that moment, Megan was a long way from her
immediate concern, which was to have an orgasm.  Mistress practically dragged
her to the garage and told her to get the TV and VCR off her car.  Carol did so
with difficulty.   It proved she was much weaker than her Mistress, who had no
problem lifting them onto the car the night before.  The scratch was worse than
Carol had first thought, but...she just wanted to cum. 

Karen chose a pair of black thigh-high stockings with elastic tops for the slut
to wear.  She sifted through the bag full of shoes until she found a pair of
slutty looking platform clogs.  They were black, quite high, and with a rounded
toe.  She tossed the clogs and stockings onto the floor in front of the slut and
told her to put them on.  Karen pulled out the blouse and skirt that the slut
had slept on inside the cage the night before.  They were wrinkled and they
smelled of sweat.  Karen tossed them on the floor and told the slut to put them
on, as well.  She left the garage to retrieve a couple of items she was
equipping her slave with for the day.

Carol was shocked that Mistress actually wanted her to put the nasty skirt and
blouse on.  It had been embarassing enough to buy them at the thrift store. 
Wearing them would be an entirely different matter.  She couldn't!  She just
couldn't!  She couldn't but she was soon enough into them and doing her best to
make herself look presentable by trying to smooth out some of the wrinkles.  The
blouse was white polyester, worn so thin that it was practically see-through. 
Carol buttoned it up to her neck in front.  The skirt was simply frumpy.  It was
an unfashionable knee length and contained a number of small snags and loose
seams.  The clogs were much better than the sandals she had been forced to wear
for so long the night before.  They were not what she normally wore to teach
school, though.  And, they were by no means comfortable. 

The slut looked very apprehensive when Karen returned with the items.  She
handed the slut a small purse.  "This contains a new cellphone for you.  You'll
answer it when it rings, no matter what you are doing or where you are.  You'll
also use it to call me to get permission to use the restroom.  I'll be here most
of the day, so you had better hope you can reach me when you need to go.  Do you
understand?"

The tears were coming again.  "Yes, Mistress."

"Good."  Karen then held up what looked like an antique choker with a large
black opal centered in a rather gaudy silver mount.  "This!", she smiled
broadly, "is a wonderful little piece of equipment!"  She stepped behind the
slut and quickly passed it around her neck and fastened it in place.  "This is
worth more than you are.  It contains a video and audio transmitter that will
enable me to accompany you throughout the day...by remote!  If you try to take
it off you'll find yourself incapacitated.  People will think you had a seizure
of some kind and you won't be worth a thing to anybody then.  It even has a GPS
marker so that I can see where you are in the school at any given time.  I love
it!  I'll be watching and listening to you perform all day, so you had best be
on your toes. I'll be counting your mistakes, pet."

Carol cried silently.  It was terrible.  Worse than last night.  The people she
would see today knew her.  Oh! 

"Now, you are not to eat or drink anything today. You may not touch yourself. 
You will obey any instructions you get.  You will leave work immediately after
your last class and drive to the thrift store we got your nice outfit from last
night and wait in the car there until further instructions.  Do you understand
all of this?"

"Yes, Mistress."

Karen handed the slut her keys, which still contained the now obsolete
housekeys, and strode over to the wall to activate the automatic garage door
opener. 

Suddenly snapping out of her daze, Carol quickly hopped in the car and backed
out. She was petrified that one of the neigbors would see what was going on in
her garage and wanted to get out of there as fast as possible. 

Karen started brewing another pot of coffee while she flipped on her remote
observation unit.  She watched the slut drive away from the vantage point of her
throat.  What a wonderful life, Karen thought.  What a great day today would be!




Chapter IX  Carol's Workday

Carol hadn't driven a block before the cellphone in her handbag started to ring. 
She hadn't used it before and was unfamiliar with it.  It took a few seconds of
fumbling before she was able to answer.  "Hello?"

"I forgot a few things, pet.  I'll be the only one calling you on this phone, so
you should answer by saying "Yes, Miss Karen?".  I want it answered that way
quickly, whenever it rings.  Do you understand?"

"Uh.  Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol replied, trying to concentrate on the road.

It was delightful for Karen to toy with the slut while watching from the unique
vantage point of the choker mounted on her throat.  Karen chuckled to herself. 
She would call the device her "chokercam".  She planned to try out a small
earpiece that would fit within the slut's ear, enabling her to hear Karen
whenever she chose to communicate a message.  That would be when she could
really get inside the slut's head.  For the time being, the cellphone would do a
fine job of keeping her on edge and ensuring she was constantly mindful of who
had control of her.

"You'll also need to unbutton the top three buttons on your blouse.  You didn't
think you'd get away with buttoning up like that, did you?"

"Nnno.  No, Miss Karen. This slut apologizes."  Carol was starting to feel her
heart rising into her throat.  Unbuttoning would make it difficult for her...as
if it wasn't bad enough...to conceal that she wasn't wearing a bra under the
nasty, thin white blouse. 

"So, I'll add that little example of stupidity to the list for today."  Karen
could see on the monitor that  the car had stopped at an intersection. 
"Unbutton now, slut, and adjust your mirror so I can see that you've done it."

Carol quickly unbuttoned the top three buttons, feeling self conscious to be
doing so in broad daylight on her way to work.  She adjusted the rear view
mirror until Miss Karen could see the reflection of her chest. 

"Good girl.  Another thing before you pull out.  I don't want you sitting down
at all today, except, obviously, in the car.  But, while you're driving, you
need to pull that skirt up and sit your bare ass on the seat.  Do it now."

As Carol lifted her hips to tug the skirt up around her waist, she noticed in
her side view mirror that a car had pulled in behind her.  There were no other
cars in the intersection.  Her seatbelt was in the way, so she had to unfasten
it.  She knew the other driver would quickly get impatient with her since there
was no reason why she shouldn't go through the intersection.  She also didn't
want it to be obvious what she was doing.  With increasing frustration, she
managed to get the skirt pulled up and the seatbelt back on.  She proceeded
through the intersection and picked up the cellphone.

"Okay, Miss Karen.  I did it.  Ah, this slut lifted her skirt up, Miss Karen." 
There was nobody there.  A brief wave of panic washed over Carol.  Had she
accidentally hung up on Miss Karen?  The sensation of sitting directly on the
seat was having an effect on her that she would just as soon have done without
while on her way to work.  She felt extremely exposed, even though she really
wasn't.  The plug was pushing into her and her pussy was wet yet again.  She
nearly jumped when the cellphone rang again.

"Yes, Miss Karen?", she correctly answered.

"You hung up on me you stupid slut!", Karen hissed into the phone.  "Lose
another button!"

Carol's heart was beating so rapidly she felt short of breath.  Oh, God.  How
could she ever survive this?  "Yes, Miss Karen.", she answered respectfully. 
She undid the fourth button on the blouse, realizing she would now be totally
unable to appear to be anywhere near respectable.  It was with considerable
relief that she heard Miss Karen hang up.  

Carol pulled into the teacher's parking lot feeling like she stood at the edge
of a bottomless chasm.  She sat in the car for a few seconds to gather her wits. 
She hadn't been able to consider what to do about Megan.  Her little sister
couldn't come back after her visit to Orlando with all of this...this...decadent
activity going on.  She shut off the car and put the cellphone in the small
handbag before climbing out and locking the car.  She tucked the blouse into the
skirt in front as tightly as she could get it in an attempt to keep the blouse
from opening up on top.  She hadn't worn the slutty clogs for several years. 
She was really trying to get used to them as she walked across the parking lot. 
If she was awkward on them it would only attract unwanted attention.  Maybe she
could make it through the day.  Maybe at lunchtime she could figure out what to
do about her little sister. 

Karen watched the monitor closely to time her next call.  She wanted the slut
just inside the doors.  She dialed quickly when she saw that the slut was
approaching the entrance to the school. 

Carol thought her heart would explode when she heard the cellphone ring just as
she entered the school.  The administrative offices were to her immediate right. 
There would be people coming and going out of there.  She wanted to avoid
everyone she could.  She kept walking while she opened the handbag and took out
the cellphone.  "Yes, Miss Karen?", she answered quietly.

"Are there mirrors in the teacher's restroom?", Karen asked.

Oh, God.  "Yes, Miss Karen."

"Go there now."

Carol turned around.  The female teacher's restroom was in the administrative
offices section.  She would have to go in.  Mary, the school secretary, would be
there at the counter sipping coffee.  Carol decided not to think about it, to
just go through the door like it was a normal morning.  Luckily, Mary wasn't
looking up when Carol passed through.  She strode quickly through the small
lobby and into the restroom and was relieved to find herself alone.   She walked
over to one of the sinks and waited for Mistress to say something.

Karen was delighted to see the stricken look on the slut's face.  She had a good
view of her as the mirrors covered the entire wall behind the restroom sinks. 
"Take me on a tour of one of the stalls, slut."

"Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol answered.  Turning, she entered the first stall and
closed the door behind her.

"How many stalls are there?", Karen asked.

"Six, Miss Karen."

"This is the first stall?"

"Yes, Miss Karen."

"Good.  This is your stall, slut.  If I give you permission to pee, you'll come
in this stall and remove your blouse and skirt, and you'll pee while standing
up.  If I give you permission to get a drink of water, this is where you will
drink it from.  Do you understand?"

Tears welled up in Carol's eyes.  She didn't know how she could make it through
the day.  "Yes, Miss Karen."

"Good, now be an obedient little slut and go out to the mirror and show me those
luscious nipples of yours!"

"Miss Karen!  I can't do...This slut can't do that!  Someone will..."

"You'd rather have me email some photos to the school office today then?", Karen
replied.  "I think you are making it worse for yourself by thinking, pet."

Carol hesitated.  Maybe she could get away with it.  She left the stall and
stood before the large mirror.  She held the phone to her ear with her right
hand and nervously opened the blouse to reveal her hardened nipples.  Carol was
shocked to see how much lipstick she had left behind on them after being made to
suck them earlier.  They were prominent enough as it was, but now their
coloration would make them even more noticeable through the thin fabric of the
old blouse.  She looked around for a paper towel.  If she could just wipe them
off quickly...

Karen could see that opening the fourth button had been a mistake.  The front of
the slut's blouse was practically open all the way to her waist.  That would not
do.  She couldn't push things to the point that her intentions might be
compromised.  "You had better button up two buttons, slut.  You're going to make
a spectacle of yourself."

Hearing those words produced such a sense of gratitude in Carol that she sighed
aloud.  "Oh!  Thank you Miss Karen!", she exclaimed.  She felt as though she had
been given a valuable gift.  Maybe she could make it through the day afterall. 
She did not hesitate for a second.

"Before I leave you alone for a while, you'll need to lift that skirt and show
me your cunt.", Karen said as though she were bored.

Carol's relief was short lived as her apprehension that someone might walk in
grew stronger with each moment that passed.  She reached down and grasped the
hem with her left hand and lifted it slowly, concentrating on any sounds outside
the door so that she could drop it quickly if need be.  She had to gather the
material up as she raised it to allow Miss Karen a clear view of her...bald,
wet, hot pussy.  She looked at herself in the mirror, along with her tormentor. 
What she saw was not the school teacher that had been in the building on Friday. 
It was something else, something entirely different. 

"I'll be in touch.", Karen announced before disconnecting the call.  She noted
with interest that the slut maintained her position for a few seconds after she
had hung up.  She looked a bit mesmerized. 

Karen poured herself a cup of coffee and went out to the back yard to straighten
up a bit.  She hadn't been sure how much time there would be to spare that
morning so hadn't had the slut clean up.  There was never a good excuse for
leaving things untidy.  She left the monitor behind, disinterested in following
the slut's every step throughout the day.  That would be more boredom than she
could bear. 

Carol snapped out of her brief daze and smoothed out the natty skirt she had
been made to wear.  She replaced the cellphone in the otherwise empty handbag,
and proceeded to her homeroom class.  She was relieved that Mary had left her
usual perch at the front counter at least long enough for her to pass through
the adminsitrative lobby unnoticed. 

The students were an entirely different situation, however.  Normally, Carol
would sit at her desk as the students trickled in.  She would grade papers or
write memos to herself - anything to pass the time.  This morning, however, she
was not allowed to sit.  The room was empty when she arrived, so she tugged her
stockings up to get them adjusted and did the best she could at straightening
out her blouse and skirt.  Her hair was flat and dull.  Without makeup other
than the bright red lipstick, she knew the students would notice.  She wasn't
worried about the noticing part.  The problem that concerned her was what if
they asked her about it?  She paced back and forth across the room in the slutty
platform clogs, thinking through different scenarios to come up with the best
possible answers.  She was scared to death that Miss Karen would call her while
she was in front of a class.  Maybe the best she could do about that was to put
it out of her mind. 

Karen's idea of straightening the back yard involved little more than
transferring everything that had been left out there into the garage, where she
dumped it in a heap on the floor.  The morning was already oppressively hot, so
she opted to stay in the house and went to the kitchen to have a bagel. 

The homeroom period lasted only ten minutes.  Carol was very relieved that the
kids seemed to be focused on each other rather than her.  She had noticed a
couple of double-takes and was sure some curiosity had been aroused, but was
simply thankful none of them had said, "Hey, Miss Sizemore, what's with the
lipstick?", or "What happened to your hair?"  All the while she waited for such
questions to come at her, she had to pace slowly back and forth, doing her best
to keep her breasts from bouncing and struggling to keep her mind on anything
other than her pussy, nipples, and the plug that was beginning to feel kind of
nice in her ass. 

Her first class was a different situation.  All eyes were focused on her
throughout, and she noted questions in each one of them.  She felt completely
naked at the front of the classroom, and was sure they all knew she wasn't
wearing a bra.  She was able to concentrate on the lesson plan she had intended
to write when her weekend had started the previous Friday afternoon.  Things
happen, though.  Like when your new neighbor moves in and turns you into
a...a...whatever. 

When the first period ended one of her better female students waited until most
of the others had left before asking "Miss Sizemore" if she was okay.  Carol
answered that she was fine.  The girl mentioned that she noticed Carol hadn't
worn her wedding ring and that maybe...But Carol had answered that she was doing
a lot of cleaning around the house and that she had taken her rings off to keep
from damaging them.  It seemed to be a good enough excuse. 

The quart of water that she had been forced to drink that morning was beginning
to find its way to her bladder by halfway through the second period.  That was a
problem, a real problem.  She knew she seemed distracted through the last half
of the class, and she was.  She had no idea how to get permission from Miss
Karen to go pee.  The instructions she had received earlier regarding how she 
was to pee when given permission gave her enough incentive to hold out for as
long as possible, but this was one of those times where she had to go...so much
was flowing through her system that she had to get rid of it. 

She had no idea how she managed to make it through the period, but as soon as
the bell rang she was dialing her home number on the cellphone Miss Karen had
given her.  She stepped over into the corner of the room, ignoring the students
as they filed out.  Carol squeezed her legs together as tightly as possible, not
sure if she could even make it to the restroom if she could get permission.  Her
phone was ringing...

Karen had just finished her third cup of coffee and was looking through the
refrigerator for some juice when the phone rang.  Of course she wasn't going to
answer it, but she did look at the monitor to see what was happening.  Sure
enough, it was the slut calling.  The "chokercam" showed a wide angle view from
the level of the slut's throat, and Karen could see she had the cellphone
pressed against her jaw.  She seemed to be standing in a corner.  The answering
machine finally picked up.  Karen laughed out loud when she heard how long the
slut's message was.  Obviously she needed to pee.  Karen was surprised it had
taken this long for her to get desperate enough to call.  Now the slut was
recording a message on her own machine that was hilarious to Karen. 
"MissssKaren thisslut has to peeeee!  Please answer please!"

Karen found a quart of orange juice and casually poured herself a glass while
the slut hung up.  She could see the class was beginning to fill with students. 
This was the sort of story she liked to tell when she got together with her
friends and associates.  They knew her to be diabolical.  She was that, and she
loved that about herself.  She sat down at the table, reaching for her
cellphone.

Given the choice of violating the school's policy against the use of cellphones
during school hours or peeing on the floor in front of a classroom full of
students, Carol opted for the former when the cellphone started beeping.  She
answered it so quickly that many of the students noticed that she seemed highly
agitated.  Luckily for her they were noisy enough this morning that she could
answer properly without them hearing her.  "YesssMisssKaren?"

Sounding as though she resented this interruption to her peaceful day, Karen
barked into the cellphone, "You may go to the restroom now, slut!", and hung up.
Snapping the phone closed, Carol announced to the now full classroom, "I'll be
right back, class!", as she scurried out the door and into the hallway.  She was
fully aware that her breasts were bouncing freely behind the flimsy material of
the old polyester blouse.  It was a fair trade, she thought as she nearly ran
down the hall  toward the administrative offices. 

She burst through the door and dashed across the lobby area so quickly that Mary
nearly spilled her late morning coffee.  "What in the world?", she exclaimed
just as Carol passed through the ladies room door.  Carol knew she was dribbling
and only feared now that she would not make it into the stall.  She was pulling
the blouse up over her head even as she entered the stall and barely managed to
unzip and push the skirt down far enough to step out of it before the torrent of
urine that she had held back so desperately began to splash off the rim of the
toilet.  She stepped forward, straddling the toilet and crouching slightly to
keep the piss from running down her thighs.  Just as she got herself centered
over the bowl she heard the restroom door swing open.  It was Mary.

"Carol!  Are you all ri....What in the world?"

Mary was a loud and obnoxious gossip in the best of circumstances.  These were
not the best of circumstances.  Carol clasped the blouse to her breasts.  She
hadn't had time to close the stall door.  She knew if Mary approached..."SHIT!",
Carol's mind screamed.  The cellphone had slipped out of her hand, bounced off
her right foot, and was skidding across the tile floor in the direction of the
door.

Mary could hear splashing inside the stall, and could plainly see Carol's feet
facing the wrong direction under the stall.  Now, a cellphone was sliding toward
her on the floor.  She bent to pick it up.  As she stepped forward to look into
the open stall, the cellphone rang.  What was Carol doing peeing like that?  Why
was she standing up?  Why was she naked?  What was that she had up her...?  Mary
loved every second of it.  How many people could she tell about this by
lunchtime?  Mary looked down at the cellphone.  Carol was in no condition to
answer it.  She flipped it open, standing at the end of the open stall. 
"Hello?"

Karen was taken aback by the fact that the voice did not belong to the slut's. 
All she could see on the monitor was the back wall of the toilet stall. She had
seen with considerable enjoyment that the slut had remembered to get naked, and
that she was standing.  The cellphone had been visible as the slut ran down the
hallway and into the restroom, but had been out of sight since...she must have
dropped it.  "Carol?  Is this Carol Sizemore?"

"No, and I'm glad it's not, cause she is having some kind of problem here!",
Mary exclaimed loudly enough, Carol thought, for everyone in the school to have
heard it.  Carol was crushed.  Destroyed. 

"Oh, Dear.  Who is this?", Karen asked.
"This is Mary.  I'm the school's administrative secretary." 

"I see.  What...what is the trouble Carol is having?  I'm her o.b.g.y.n.", Karen
asked calmly.  She could hear the ignorant woman inhaling deeply on the other
end. 

"Well, she's peeing over a toilet here at the school, and she doesn't have any
clothes on, and she...she's crying, and..."

"Oh, no.  I told her not to work today, Mary.  She has a severe infection as
well as a nasty intestinal virus.  You may not want to get too close to her."

Mary instinctively took a step back.  The hyponchondriac in her was announcing
that she had had enough of this.  Time to go sanitize her hands after touching
the cellphone of a sick person.  "Oh,  okay.  Bye."  Mary put the cellphone down
and retreated toward the door.  "I'll go get Amanda for you, Carol.  She'll know
how to help."

Carol didn't need the help of the school nurse.  She needed to die, right then
and there.  It was a relief when the stream became a dribble, then a drip.  She
turned to look out of the stall and saw her reflection in the mirror.  Oh, God. 
The anal plug was plainly visible the way she was standing...Mary...Oh, God. 
Carol saw the open cellphone on the counter, but needed to get redressed before
Amanda arrived.  She pulled the blouse down over her head and stepped into the
skirt.  It was damp, actually, wet, from the initial rush that Carol hadn't been
able to get to fall into the toilet bowl.  She pulled it up and quickly zipped
it, smoothing everything out as best she could.  What had Miss Karen said to
Mary?  Oh, God.  What had she said? 

Watching the monitor, Karen saw that the slut had redressed and was now stepping
toward the cellphone. 

"Miss Karen?", Carol asked.

Remarkable.  Even under such circumstances the slut was remembering.  "Listen
carefully, slut.  I told Mary I was your o.b.g.y.n.  You have an intestinal
virus and a bad bladder infection that has made you incontinent.  I told you
that you should not work for a few days, but you insisted.  My medical advice is
that you leave school until provided further instructions.  The nurse is on her
way, and getting out now will be the only way to provide yourself a plausible
excuse for pissing all over yourself and the restroom.  Right?"

"Uh. Yes.  Yes, Miss Karen.  Thank you Miss Karen.  I'll...I'll do that."  Carol
felt grateful for the quick thinking of her Mistress.  Being helped out of such
a humiliating situation was an unexpected gift.  

 Just then the restroom door opened and Amanda entered.  Mary was opting to stay
away, fearful that she had already earned herself a good chance to become
seriously ill.  Amanda looked concerned, but Carol could see she had been told
more than might have been necessary.  Mary was always a complicating factor, no
matter what the circumstances.

"Are you okay, Carol?", Amanda asked.

Carol's blush gave away the fact that there was more to this thing than an
infection and virus.  "Oh, I'm fine.  Thanks.  My, ah..."

"Mary told me you had an accident?"

"Oh, yes.  But I did get a call from my doctor.  She told me to stay home today. 
I shouldn't be here,  ah, I...need to go home."

Karen watched as the slut muddled her way through the exchange without giving
anything away.  It was a noteworthy recovery from what was certainly a highly
distressing situation.  She managed to sidestep any exam by the school nurse and
followed the proper procedure for departing the school early.  One of the
students had delivered the empty handbag from the classroom to the office, and
the principal had taken care of getting another teacher to cover the slut's
remaining classes.    

Carol was almost happy to be walking through the sunlight to her car, free from
being forced to deal with so many issues in the school.  Her situation remained
unchanged.  She had not been able to determine how to get her life back into her
own hands, and still had not had the time to consider how to protect Megan from
what was happening when she returned from Orlando.  Carol was still perspiring
from the stress and she smelled of urine.  She hoped to return home and would
have been willing to do most anything to avoid being put in such humiliating
circumstances around people she knew.

She climbed into her car, carefully lifting the skirt up so that her bare skin
could sit directly on the bucket seat.  Carol remembered her instructions to
drive to the thrift store she and Miss Karen had visited the evening before. 
She wondered if they were still valid since she had left work early.  Careful
and smart enough not to take a chance on being whipped or slapped, she decided
to drive there and wait for the instructions she knew would come soon enough.

Karen idled some time away rearranging furniture in the slut's former house. 
She remained quite amused by the slut's predicament in the school.  But, she had
performed well enough.  It hadn't even been eighteen hours since Karen had moved
on her neighbor.  All was going well, and Karen was having a good time while
getting the break she needed.  When she checked the monitor she could see that
the slut had followed her instructions and was sittling idle in the thrift store
parking lot.  Karen decided to let her sit for a good while and continued
changing things in the house so they were more to her liking.  Her primary goal
for the day had already been satisfied.  The slut had created the scandal of the
year at the school, Karen surmised.  Her appearance, coupled with her odd attire
and self conscious manner, were capped by a mad dash out of a full classroom and
a major spillage of urine that was actually witnessed.  What made it all the
more entertaining for Karen was the fact that the slut was found naked as she
straddled the toilet.  She knew the general tone of the gossip would have to do
with speculation as to what was going on with Carol Sizemore.  Was she going off
the deep end?  Such chatter was always helpful when it could be established
prior to a disappearance. 

Carol sat patiently in her car for over an hour.  She rationalized that every
minute she was left alone to think was good.  She had been thinking a lot. 
Megan could not be allowed to return unless her situation changed quickly.  She
wondered if the choker would actually incapacitate her if she tried to remove
it, or if there really was a tracking device built into it if she decided to
drive away.  Nothing about Miss Karen had proven to be false.  Carol feared her. 
She knew the thing on her neck did work in terms of it's having a camera lense
that transmitted an image all the way back to her house.  That was amazing. 
And, Miss Karen had said it was worth more than she was.  Who had access to that
kind of equipment?  Who was Karen, really?  Why had she come into Carol's
life...turning her into a pathetic, confused, horny slut so quickly.  How could
she get in touch with Megan?  All of her thinking was amounting to little more
than that.  She was not able to form conclusions or make realistic plans that
would help her extricate herself from the grips of her...worst of all...she
wasn't sure she wanted out.  Yet.  She had never been kept so aroused for so
long in her life.  Nothing had done this to her.  Nothing.  When the cellphone
finally beeped, it nearly scared her to death. 

"Yes, Miss Karen?"

"I may choose for you to go back to school tomorrow, slut.  But, you'll have to
go back in the same slutty clothes you wore today unless you can go back in that
thrift store and convince the nice lady to let you exchange your outfit for a
different one. You stunk pretty badly this morning, and I'll bet you smell like
piss now.  So, it's your choice."

Carol's heart fell to her feet as she listened to Miss Karen.  She couldn't go
back tomorrow in these clothes.  She wasn't  sure she could go back tomorrow at
all, let alone in the nasty skirt and blouse.  "But, I don't...But this slut
doesn't have any money, Miss Karen!", she exclaimed.  She wanted mercy from a
merciless woman. 

"I think I used the word "exchange".   I think you know the meaning of that
word.  I think, also, that you know you just annoyed me by asking a question. 
So, there will be a price to be paid that is far beyond any little embarassments
you suffer in the next few minutes.  I just don't think you want to make it any
worse for yourself." 

Carol noted a new menace in Miss Karen's voice, and knew she had no options. 
All she could do was try, and maybe it would be okay.  The cellphone connection
went dead, and she felt as though she were naked onstage with the whole world
watching. She reluctantly climbed out of the car and made her way to the
counter.  At least a different woman was working.  This one was much better
dressed, and less overweight.  She wore sunglasses inside and had long, curling
fingernails on her left hand.  She saw Carol coming, and seemed to be
considering her an oddity before she even walked through the door.

Geraldine hated the way white people smiled at you when they wanted something. 
It was that sheepish, "I'm really friendly and I hope you'll be nice to me"
smile that always appeared before they tried to bargain you down to a lower
price or to get something for nothing.  The white bitch coming through the door
had that kind of a smile.

"Hello!", Carol called out as she passed through the door.  She noted a poorly
concealed expression of contempt on the woman's face, but it was soon followed
by a plastic smile and a silent nod.  Carol proceded to the counter where the
woman was actually putting her husband's clothes on hangars. 

"I have a small problem that I hope you can help me with.", Carol began in a
pleading tone of voice.

"Here we go.", thought Geraldine.  "Uh huh.", she replied.

"I donated several bags of good clothes last night.  Actually, you're working on
some of my husband's clothes right now.", Carol paused to see if the woman was
paying attention.

"Uh huh."

"And, I realized I had mistakenly donated my favorite skirt and blouse.  I
didn't know it until I got home, but the store had closed before I could get
back.  So...I was wondering...?"  Carol paused, hoping the woman would finish
the sentence for her.

"Uh huh."

"Well, I was wondering if it would be okay for me to get my skirt and blouse. 
They're in one of those bags right there."  Carol gestured casually toward a
couple of bags piled up behind the counter.  She hoped and expected to hear
another "Uh huh."
"I heard bouts you.  You's the one come in heah lassnite wit yo skanky behine
hangin' out cho shorts."  The woman was speaking in a monotone without looking
up or interrupting her work prepping the clothes.  "White bitch dress the same
way wennin ta the movie store up the block and pull a choo choo on seven eight
boys from mah hood."  Her eyes flashed quickly up at Carol, who was stunned. 
"So!  In you comes actin' like all a that!  Well.  I doesn't sell to no white
trash crackhead hoe's!"  The woman turned her back to Carol and walked to the
other side of the U-shaped checkout counter.

Carol's heart was beating so strongly that she half wondered if it would
explode.  She had never been spoken to like that.  Oh, God!  She was lost,
speechless.  She couldn't seem to get a word out, let alone a thought that could
produce one.  She hadn't expected this. 

Geraldine held her hand up and made a sweeping motion toward the door.  "Move
along, whore.", she muttered. 

Carol had gotten accustomed to following orders, so it was easy for her to turn
and begin walking out of the store.  It wasn't until she got to the door that
her tears burst forth and began streaming down over her cheeks.  She ran the
short distance to the car, frantic to get away from there as fast as possible. 
She was so ashamed to have been called a "crackhead whore" by a complete
stranger.

She could hear the cellphone ringing well before she opened the door.  It
signaled much more than a simple phone call.  Miss Karen had been watching, and
already knew she had failed in her task.  How could it happen?  Carol had been
confident that anyone reasonable would have accepted her story, which was mostly
true, and would have let her retrieve a couple of items.  She remembered to lift
her skirt before sitting down, and pulled the phone out of the otherwise
pointless and empty handbag.  "Yes, Miss Karen?"

Karen noted the sadness in slut's voice.  She knew she had failed.  "You left
the store without following my instructions, slut.  Why?"

Miss Karen sounded upset.  Carol didn't need that. "I, ah.  This slut tried,
tried to, ah...do it, Miss Karen.  But..."

"Are these excuses I am listening to?  I don't think my ears can hear excuses,
especially not from sluts!"

Carol knew she had crossed the line.  "This slut failed and is very sorry, Miss
Karen!"

Karen saw an opportunity.  She loved it when wonderfully creative ideas popped
into her mind from nowhere.  "It's time for you to have a choice, slut.  Option
one: You come home in those clothes to be severely punished, sleep on them
tonight, and be sent back to work tomorrow in them.  Option two is you leave the
blouse and skirt in the parking lot and come home to less severe punishment and
you'll call in "sick" tomorrow.  You have ten seconds to decide."

"Oh, my God.", Carol thought.  She couldn't go back to work tomorrow.  Not after
what had happened.  She couldn't.  Not in these nasty clothes.  Severely
punished?  What did that mean?  The little whip?  Worse?  But...driving home
naked in broad daylight?  Could she do that?  What if someone saw her?  What
if...

"Time's up, slut.  Make your choice." 

Carol was fixated on the thought of having to face her students, and Mary, and
everyone at school again tomorrow.  That, and "severe punishment" were the
greater fears.  "Yes, Miss Karen.  This slut chooses...option two."

Karen noted the apprehension in the slut's voice. "Why are you wasting my
time?", Karen yelled into the cellphone before disconnecting.   Watching on the
monitor, she saw that she had the desired effect. 

Carol put the cellphone down and quickly pushed the skirt down over her hips to
the floor, then pulled the blouse up over her head.  Glad she had parked with
the driver's side of the car away from the store, she scanned the lot to see if
anyone might notice her dumping the skirt and blouse on the asphalt.  The lot
was still practically empty, so she opened the door a crack and pushed them both
out.  

Now naked except for the thigh highs and platform clogs, she started the car and
pulled out of the lot.  Every thought she had now was of concealing herself from
other drivers and pedestrians while making it home as quickly as possible.  She
knew it was going to be the longest ten minute drive of her life, but was
confused and frustrated by the fact that her nipples were hardening and her
pussy was beginning to throb.  She had never thought herself an exhibitionist,
and would never put herself into this kind of a predicament if she had any other
choice. 

She had made it out of the plaza and onto the main highway that led in the
direction of home without stopping.  She was sure she hadn't been seen.  Now, on
the highway, she slouched down so that her chest would at least be below the top
of the doors.  She hoped the privacy glass would conceal her better than it
seemed.  She felt completely exposed to the entire world.  And, she had never
felt so thoroughly alive. 

Karen, watching the monitor, decided to torment the slut just a bit more before
she made it "home".  She called again.

"Yes, Miss Karen?" Carol answered, her voice quavering.

"I feel like being naughty, slut.  It's almost lunchtime.  Pick me up an order
of fries."

"Miss Karen!  This slut doesn't have any money!", Carol cried.

"I seem to recall seeing a good amount of change in your center console.  Aren't
you glad I didn't order a value meal?"  Karen disconnected the call and poured
herself a cup of coffee. 

Carol was frantic.  She realized she had to pee again.  She turned the air
conditioning up higher as she had begun to sweat.  Her nipples were still coated
with her own lipstick.  Oh!  What could she do?  It would be brief.  She could
slouch.  She needed to choose a fast food restaurant that was fast.  Waiting at
the window would simply kill her.  She could cover herself with her arm,
somehow.  She could do it.  She could.

Karen watched the monitor, seeing the slut exit the highway and pull into a
Burger King.  She was actually going to do it!  The slut would do anything to
avoid Karen's wrath...and the whip, of course.  Things were going quite well.

Carol pulled up to the "to go" order station and ordered a small fry.  She
gathered up a few spare quarters in the console and intentionally waited a few
seconds before pulling around.  She had to be sure they would be waiting on her
to give her the fries rather than getting to the window too soon.  She was so
thankful there were no other customers to prolong her torment.  Her pussy was
flowing freely now.  She felt the seat getting slick. She moved over closer to
the door to minimize her exposure and pulled up to the window with the change in
her left hand and her right arm ready to cover herself as soon as she could let
go of the steering wheel.  Nobody was in the window.  She waited a few seconds
before a teenage boy with a pimply face appeared with the fries in his hand.  He
slid the door open without looking.  "Seventy nine cents, please.", he muttered
unenthusiastically.  She put the change in his outstretched hand.  He handed
over the fries before looking down at her.  By then Carol had the fries in her
hand and was already pulling out.  The boy had seen something that nobody would
believe, and something that he knew he would never, ever, see again. 

................................................................................
........................

Note to readers:  Thank you for your support and all of the kind emails!  L.D.




Chapter X.  Home Again

Carol was nearly manic as she turned the last corner and headed down the street
toward her house.  As usual, she was pressing the automatic door opener for her
garage before she even turned into the driveway so that she could cruise right
in.  But, it didn't open.  She had to brake before hitting the garage door. 
What was going on?  She pressed the button repeatedly, but it would not open! 
She was naked, except for the thigh highs, choker around her neck, and her old
platform clogs. The smell of the french fries Miss Karen had made her buy were
driving her crazy with hunger.  She hadn't eaten a thing since the night before,
prior to visiting with her "new neighbor".  She was flabbergasted.  What was
going on?  She thought about honking the horn, but didn't want to attract any
attention.  She decided to call her house using the cellphone, but there was no
answer.  Oh, God! 

Karen was enjoying the anxiety she was witnessing through the "chokercam".  She
smiled every time she thought of the term.  She knew later variants would
transmit such good stuff as pulse rate and temperature.  This one, the one she
was beta testing for the agency, had proven to be quite effective, at least in
providing quality video out of an exceptionally inconspicuous and well crafted
platform. 

She decided to toy with her toy a bit.  Besides, she was hungry and wanted those
fries.  Karen tracked down the video camera and prepped it to shoot.  She began
filming before she opened the slut's main entry door so she could capture the
spontaneity of the moment.  Karen giggled a bit to herself when she first saw
the slut's crimson face.  It looked like her head might explode.  Karen strolled
down the sidewalk toward the car, carefully focusing on the naked slut.  "My
goodness!  Haven't you had a big adventure!" she called out as he got close to
the driver side door. 

Carol wished she could melt into a puddle.  To simply cease to be.  She couldn't
bear it.  Miss Karen was tapping on the window.  Oh, God.   Carol pressed the
power button, rolling the window all the way down.  Carol cringed when Miss
Karen announced loudly, "What are you doing driving around in broad daylight
with no clothes on?  Look at you!"

Carol had no idea what was expected of her, so she remained silent.  She was
faintly aware that she was whimpering. She knew her nerves were shot after what
she had been through.  "Give me the fries, slut!", Miss Karen ordered.  Carol
handed them to her.  "Yes, Miss Karen.", she replied shakily.

Karen shut off the camera and strolled casually back into the house to enjoy the
fries.  The slut looked to be in worse shape than Karen had thought, but she
knew she could stand a bit more torment.  They can always stand just a bit more,
Karen thought.  

Carol watched as Miss Karen walked back into the house, leaving her naked in the
car.  She tried dialing the house again, now that she knew Miss Karen was there. 
No answer.  What could she do?  Carol settled down as low in the seat as she
could to ensure that she couldn't be seen by any neighbors.  She just wanted to
be inside.  She didn't care what happened after that.  She just wanted out of
public view.  She peeked out the back of the car to see across the street. 
Would anyone see her if she dashed for the front door?  She could have her key
ready.  It would be quick.  She didn't care if Miss Karen was upset.  She'd take
almost anything rather than being left naked in her car in the driveway. 

She would do it.  She could.  She could.  Nobody was looking.  Nobody was
out...no cars coming...in a flash she was out the door and running up the short
sidewalk to her entry door...sliding the key in...turn...trying to turn
it...it...wouldn't open the...Oh, God!  She pounded frantically on the door. 
Her key didn't work!  Had someone changed the locks?  Oh, God!  She was naked in
broad daylight!  Quickly, she spun and ran back down the sidewalk, across the
driveway, and up the side of the house to the gate leading into the walled
backyard.  She pushed on it...and banged into it from her forward momentum.  She
almost stumbled to the ground...but, up, looking around...she didn't know what
do to!

Karen was laughing uproariously while watching the slut's actions through the
monitor.  She had only eaten a few fries before the dumb slut decided to take
matters into her own hands.  Every time they did that, they failed.  Slut was
crouching behind some bushes now, over on the side yard.  She didn't want to
risk going back out to the car.  The way the picture on the monitor was rising
and falling, the pitiful thing could hardly breath from the stress.  Karen
thought about going out and locking the slut's car, but she had the keys and
could gain entry to it easily enough...it would only slow her down.  Hmm.  Karen
munched on a few more fries while waiting for the stupid bitch to try something
new.  She didn't need for things to get out of hand.  Running to a neighbor
would not be a good thing, Karen considered. 

She finished off the last of the fries and walked into the backyard through the
sliding door.  Off to the right, on the backside of the tall gate the slut had
tried to get through, Karen called out, "Hellloooo?  Hellloooo?  Are there any
sluts out there?"  She could hear sobbing.  Maybe this one had made it to the
breaking point?  Nah...Karen knew better.  "Go back to the car, slut.  I'll help
you get into the house then."

Miss Karen's voice turned sincere after her first, mocking comments through the
gate at Carol.  Carol felt reassured by the sound of Miss Karen't voice.  She
didn't know why.  She could hear the sliding glass door at the back of the house
open and close again, and knew Miss Karen had gone inside.  Carol took advantage
of the chance to pee, there in the bushes beside the garage.  Feeling much
relieved, she decided she could make it back to the car.  She tentatively rose
out of the bushes and looked around, making sure no one was out on the street. 
She ran at a low crouch to try to keep her silhouette below the roofline of the
car.  Dashing across the front of it and around the door, she jumped back
inside, slamming the door behind her.  She was drenched with sweat.  Rivulets
were pouring over her body and onto the already wet seat.  Why did she have to
be tormented like this?  She simply didn't understand.  If only she could know
why...

Karen strode out through the front door again, locking it behind her before
putting one of the new keys in her shorts pocket.  She walked directly up to the
car, opened the door, and flipped the recline lever of the bucket seat the slut
sat on.  The back instantly gave way, dropping backward until it rested on the
back seat.  The slut was startled, but Karen placed her right hand on the slut's
chest to hold her in place.  "Stay.", was all she said.  Seeing that her order
was going to be followed, she stepped back and slammed the door closed. 
Reaching in, she turned the ignition key to activate the electronics, then
pressed the driver side power window button and lowered the passenger side
window.   She then pulled the keys out of the ignition and threw them over her
shoulder onto the lawn.

Carol was petrified.  She looked up to see Miss Karen's penetrating eyes staring
back at her.  "Spread your legs, slut.", she ordered.

Carol did as she was told without hesitation.  She surprised herself.  Maybe she
had no dignity left after what had happened to her.  Why didn't it seem to be
such a big deal?  Her nipples hardened yet again and she felt that familiar
stirring deep in her loins. 

Karen decided that what would be really fun would be to finger fuck the slut in
broad daylight in her driveway.  She leaned halfway through the window and
pinched and twisted the slut's nipples until she was rewarded by audible
reactions.  She knew this one would be hot once her motor got fully revved up. 
Reaching down between the slut's legs, she roughly pinched and flicked her hard,
distended clit until the slut became even louder. 

Carol was completely lost in this frenzy of sexual torment Miss Karen was
putting her through...it seemed the louder she got, the more Miss Karen would
reward her.  She was so much more excited than she had ever been in her life,
and it was with complete and total abandon that she reacted to every twist and
pinch.  She felt Miss Karen spreading her lips just before thrusting several
fingers deeply into her sopping pussy.  Miss Karen was fucking her now, and
Carol's loud moans mixed sensuously with the slopping and slurping that a good
finger fucking can produce.  Carol had been surviving in a realm between desire
and distain for all of the hours she had known her new neighbor.  Now, there was
nothing but hot, unlimited, total wantoness in her.  She bucked her hips to
better accommodate her Mistress's thrusts and squeeled loudly in rhythym with
each movement.  Now there were four fingers in her, being pushed deeper and
deeper....she was...she was...ohh.. .ohhhhhhh "ahhhhhhhhhhhhssssssssssyes
yesyesssssssohmygod"...racked with one shattering orgasm....ohhh....
"nnnooohyesssssssssssssssss" ...then another...and still Mistress kept fucking
her, still...thrusting...oh, oh...the thumb was added...being forced
into...OH!.....until the third orgasm came and..."aaaaaaaa aahhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhh
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"  Carol exploded in an uncontrolled, screaming outburst
that made the neighborhood dogs take note.  At the pinnacle of her unmanaged
abandonment Carol was astonished to see and feel Miss Karen constrict and force
her hand with just a bit more pressure until...it passed  completely into her.

Carol looked down over her freakishly distended nipples and heaving chest to see
Miss Karen's wrist protruding out of her...out of her "cunt".  Her eyes rolled
back in her head as she felt the completeness...a sexual totality...a perfection
she had never known, come over her.  Several aftershocks rolled through her,
helping her down from heights she had never dreamed of finding.  Then, when she
again opened her eyes they were met by the knowing glare of the one who had
taken her, who owned her...who knew what change had just taken place in
her...the beautiful one, her tormentor...who took her without warning...her
Mistress.  She focused on those beautifully formed, expressive lips that she
longed to know, now, more intimately than she knew any other, as they simply
said, "Pledge."

Carol lifted her knees slightly, stretching, relishing the fullness of being so
completely possessed.  It was a delicious moment for her...and she spoke
drowsily, "This slut pledges the full application of her mind, body, and soul to
your satisfaction, Mistress.  This slut...gives herself over for the use and
pleasure of her Mistress.  With...no expectation of reward other than what
Mistress may choose, and, no expectation of ever enjoying her freedom again
except through devoted service to Miss Karen"

Karen smiled warmly.  She was impressed.  "And what do you know about thinking?"

Carol hesitated for only a moment.  "Doing without thinking will save this slut
distress, Miss Karen."

"Whose property are you?", Karen asked, slowly twisting her cunt encased fist.

"I am the...property...of Miss Karen."

Karen always savored the finer moments.  This was one of them.  She had taken a
respectable housewife, a school teacher, and transformed her into a willing
slave in...seventeen and three quarters hours.  A new record, even for her.

She allowed the slut to enjoy the completeness of her surrender for a few
seconds longer before slowly withdrawing her hand out of the distended and
swollen cunt.   The slut gave it up with reluctance - the regret of losing that
moment was apparent on her face.  "Stay.", Karen ordered while turning toward
the house.  She walked up the sidewalk studying her glistening left hand.  She
smelled it and touched her tongue to it as though she wasn't sure what flavor
she had been given, or whether or not she would like it.  Karen was an unabashed
lesbian and considered herself a connoisseur of pussy juice.  It wouldn't do to
be seen showing any interest in the secretions of a slave, though.  She pulled
the key out with her right hand and entered the house, closing the door behind
her. 

As she ventured through the kitchen to the garage, she licked her fingers clean
of the sweet,  lightly aromatic nectar that her new toy had given up for her. 
Karen was totally aware that she had soaked through her  panties, but suffered
none of the anxiety over it that those for whom orgasms were less readily
available might endure.  She could use the slut for her own enjoyment anytime,
and would.  Just not now.  Not yet.  She took the time to lick the remainder of
her hand clean before rummaging through the garbage bag of clothes into which
had been dumped the slut's swimsuits.  Frustrated, she finally dumped the bag
out on the floor and kicked the items around until she found the nice little
white bikini she remembered seeing the previous evening.  Next she found the
scissors on the garage floor and returned to the coolness of the kitchen to sit
down.  Carefully, Karen cut out the lining of both the bra top and bikini
bottoms. 

She left the newly modified bikini on the kitchen table, then proceeded to her
own home to change panties.  She was careful to take the new housekeys and to
lock the door behind her when she went out.  No need to tempt the slut into
playing some sort of silly game. 

When she returned across the front yards, she noticed the slut peeking out of
the car at her.  She smiled and waved, calling out, "Hello there!", before
tossing her wet panties onto the slut's sweat-beaded belly. 

Carol was still enjoying the afterglow of the most intense experience of her
life.  She loved Miss Karen...the one who had taken her there.  Despite all of
the cruel torment and humiliation she had been through, she felt deeply indebted
to the beautiful neighbor that fate had brought into her life.  Carol wondered
if she would ever come completely off the high she had just been taken to. 
While fully sated of her immediate and compelling need for sexual release, she
noted a new, persistent hunger for more.  Her pussy was still calling out to her
for attention.  Maybe laying spread out and well fucked in broad daylight inside
her car was doing that to her...but she idly thought not...that maybe it would
always be there now.  How delicious that would be...to be constantly...ready. 

She balled the panties up in her left hand and held them to her nose.  Inhaling
deeply, like a smoker's first drag after a stressful meeting.  She had made her
Mistress wet!  Carol stretched lanquidly, relishing the thought that she might
soon get to...service Miss Karen.  It made her nervous.  Carol had never made
love to a woman.  Her first taste of any woman had been at the hand of Miss
Karen, and now, breathing deeply of her essence through her pretty cotton
panties, Carol began to long for the opportunity to provide Miss Karen the kind
of intimate pleasures she knew she was capable of.

Karen retrieved the bikini from the kitchen table and entered the garage.  She
rummaged through the slut's remaining shoes and found an old pair of
crosstrainers.  On top of the hot water heater was a half full bottle of suntan
oil. Next, she flipped the wall switch, restoring power to the automatic garage
door opener, and activated the door.    Carrying the bikini, shoes, and oil
outside, she dropped them onto the driveway immediately beside the slut's driver
side door.

Returning to the garage, she carried out a small can of gasoline, then pulled
the lawnmower out to the sidewalk.  Stepping over to the car, she saw the slut
clutching her used panties to her nose as though she were afraid they'd be taken
away.  It was a tantalizing sight, but one Karen chose not to enjoy too much. 
She pulled the door completely open.  "Sit up.", she ordered. 

Carol pulled herself to an upright position while Miss Karen raised the
seatback.  Sweat poured down over Carol's body onto the seat.

"Give me the stockings and shoes."  Karen held her hand out, as though the
command would be obeyed instantaneously.  She was happy to see that it nearly
was.  It's amazing what a little incentive can do, she thought.  Pointing to the
items she had dropped on the driveway, she said, "Put the bikini on and cut the
front lawns, both of them.  Be sure you oil yourself up, I want you well tanned
this summer."  Without waiting for a response, she turned and strode back into
the garage, dropping the door behind her. 

Carol's reverie hadn't left her entirely.  She still felt the lusting for Miss
Karen that she had been relishing the past few minutes, but there remained an
element of fear that was real.  Looking down at the items in the driveway, she
saw the shoes, oil, and her old white bikini.  Since she could be seen by anyone
driving down the street, she quickly gathered up the bikini and began to pull
the bottoms on.  She noticed immediately that the lining had been cut out of
them, and knew that with a little moisture they would become practically
transparent.  She nevertheless pulled them on and got them adjusted before
noticing the same had been done to the top.  A little was better than nothing at
all, Carol thought...she had just spent a considerable amount of time naked in
public, though nominally concealed in her car.  She knew there was little
activity on her street at any time of the day, but particularly during working
hours.  After getting the top situated she put the shoes on and got out of the
car.  As ordered, she oiled herself down and managed to get the lawmower started
with very little trouble. 

Karen sat down in the coolness of the slut's home office to go through her
computer files in more detail while watching her progress through the
"chokercam".   The phone began ringing. She waited to see if the caller would
leave a message. 

Megan White was pissed off.  She spent much of her time pissed off because
nothing ever seemed to go her way.  What she had hoped to be a fun summer break
had turned boring the second she arrived at her sister's house.  So, she made up
a story about visiting a friend in Orlando just so she could be on her own for a
few days to have the kind of good time she couldn't at her big sister's house. 
By the time she had gotten to Orlando and found a motel room she could afford,
she was too tired and too smart to go wandering around the strange city in
search of...what-ever.  She managed to fall asleep after listening to the
headboard in the room next door bang for over an hour, only to wake up to a car
that wouldn't start.  She had no clue what to do except call her sister, who she
knew was teaching and wouldn't be at home. 

"Hey, Sis.  It's me.  My car broke down and won't start.  I'm sorry!  I just
don't know what to do except leave you a message.  I'm at the Blue Harbor Motel
in Kissemee, room 210, the number here is...."

Karen listened to the young voice with growing anger.  She always  used trainees
to prep her dossiers and provide detached support when she took breaks.  It was
a way of continuing to work without working.  Having a support team helped to
make everything go easier, and using ad hoc trainee support teams was a nice way
to justify access to beta equipment.  The agency wasn't bothered by the fact
that she field tested equipment when she was on vacation, nor that she gave
trainees real time experience even if it was formally off the books. 

Someone had fucked up, large.  She knew nothing about a sister, let alone a
sister that happened to be in the area.  Karen quickly grasped her encrypted
cellphone from her gym bag and dialed the secure message center.  It would
automatically trigger the pagers of the participating trainees, prompting them
to dial the message center to retrieve Karen's recording.  "Previously
undocumented younger female sibling has been verified.  Training operator
requests immediate review and update."  She snapped the cover down forcefully to
terminate the call. 

Karen had yet to cross the path of a problem that she couldn't somehow turn into
an opportunity.  Some took more time and effort than others, but there was
always a way to salvage a situation.  In this case, a little sister in the area
was certainly a complicating factor, but not one that would necessarily
compromise her "training" mission.  She had always planned to manage her new toy
such that she could either walk away when the time came or have the slut
disappear without anyone being surprised or looking too hard for her.  The
husband and boyfriend could be managed, friends and associates kept at a
distance, and the mother lived in Ilinois.  A sister in the area, though...could
be a problem.

After feeling self conscious for the  first few minutes of mowing the lawns,
Carol became more relaxed and accepting of the situation as time passed.  The
bikini had become  practically transparent as she sweated and the white fabric
began to cling to her skin.  She felt totally out of place, cutting the front
lawn in a bikini with crosstrainers and a choker on.  But, it was making her
horny.  That was undeniable.  The way her hairless skin glistened in the
sunlight under the oil, the way the plug moved inside her with every step she
took, the vibration of the mower in her hands, the slight bounce of her breasts
as she pushed,  all were contributing factors that were causing her nipples to
stay hard and her pussy to stay wet.  All the while she thought of her Mistress,
and dreamed of kneeling before her...

Karen watched the slut's progress distractedly  while she waited for her support
team to scramble into action.  They envisioned her laying beside a pool,
drinking lemonade, and dreaming up scenarios for them to react to.  Nobody in
the agency had any idea she did what she did in her down time.   She knew the
message she left was a career  threatener for whoever had been responsible for
tracking the family's lineage and whereabouts.  It should be.  In a live
operation, this would be considered a major intelligence failure that could
jeopardize lives as well as national security.  She took a deep breath and
sighed.  That's what training scenarios are for, she reminded herself. 

Carol's daydream was interruped by the appearance of a pickup truck.  She hadn't
noticed it turn down the street, otherwise she would have found a way to turn
the mower in the opposite direction.  It was too late.  Whoever was driving it
had probably already seen her nipples pushing through the bikini top, as well as
noticed that her pussy was shaved.  The bikini had become practically see
through, and there was no way of concealing herself now.  She kept going, hoping
they hadn't noticed. 

Using her peripheral vision, she noted with some dread that the truck had
stopped in the street off to her left and the driver side window was rolling
down.  She heard honking, and turned to look.  A younger hispanic man was
driving it.  He was smiling, and waving for her to come over.  Uncertain as to
what to do, she finished the row she was cutting and turned to come back the
other way before shutting the mower off.  She smiled back at him.

"I need some directions!", he  shouted happily.

"Oh, okay.", Carol replied as she tentatively stepped closer to him while
staying in Miss Karen's yard.  "What address are you looking for?", she asked.
"What's your address?", he answered, laughing. 

Carol had always been naive.  The joke went straight over her head.  "I'm 102
Thrushmeadow."

"Well.  I wish there were more 102 Thrusmeadow's in this world, cause I like the
one I'm lookin' at now!"

Carol realized he was talkiing about her.  The compliment made her feel...sexy. 
That was strange.  Unwanted attention had always made her uncomfortable.  Now
she was standing in her front yard in a see through bikini, feeling horny and
having a nice conversation with a complete stranger.  She smiled, not sure what
to say.

"Wanna come cut my lawn next?", he asked jokingly.

Carol stepped closer, to the edge of the lawn.  She felt her desire
growing...the boy was cute!  He had kind eyes and a really nice smile and his
eyes looked so sincere...she had always been attracted to clean cut hispanic men
like this one. 

Preoccupied with the problem, Karen had taken her eyes off the monitor for a few
minutes while she poured another cup of coffee.  When she returned to the slut's
home office and looked at the monitor, she became alarmed.  The slut had stopped
cutting the grass and was talking to someone in a pickup truck.  The "chokercam"
lense was designed to be more of a fisheye view and did not perform well beyond
ten feet or so.  Karen decided to go to the guest bedroom and look out the
window. 

Carol stepped down onto the asphalt.  She was standing in the street now.  His
teeth were the whitest she had ever seen. 

"You are hot, baby.", he said as his eyes openly roamed over her body.

Carol felt like a teenager.  She slowly turned her body from side to side to
make sure he got a nice view.  She felt like she was on autopilot.  She knew
where this would end up...and was happy to help it move along.  "You aren't too
shabby yourself.", she answered in a sexy voice. 

This, Karen didn't need.  Not while the team was scrambling to get her a
reactive call.  The slut looked like she was ready to climb in the mexican's
truck and make off with him.  Her sexual appetite was obviously much greater
than Karen had anticipated. 

When Carol heard the front door slam she turned to see Miss Karen walking
quickly toward her across the lawn.  The hateful glare in her eyes told Carol
she was in big, big trouble.  Carol glanced quickly back at the boy with an
apologetic expression on her face.  She immediately regretted it, fearful Miss
Karen had seen it and that it only made matters worse. 

Karen covered the ground she needed to cover quickly.  The mexican male didn't
know what to make of the situation, and that was just fine with Karen.  She
didn't plan to provide him with any explanations.  She was enraged that her
property would be out slutting around in the street when she had direct
instructions to cut the grass. 

Carol was frozen in place as Miss Karen came up quickly upon her.  Oh, God. 

Karen grasped the bitch by her right wrist and turned back toward the house,
pulling the slut behind her.

"Ooohhmama.  You're both soooo hot!", the boy called out.  "Can I watch?"

Karen flipped him the bird over her shoulder while continuing to lead the stupid
slut to the house. 

Carol was petrified, but being led by her wrist across the yard as though she
were a child caused her nipples to harden even more and her pussy to begin to
tingle.  She was practically dragged through the door and into the living room,
where she was roughly spun around to face her Mistress. 

"Strip!", Karen screamed.  As the slut hurried to comply, Karen took a moment to
control herself.  She was inclined to inflict significant pain, but knew that
once she started she might have a problem.  Better to step back, be rational. 
The slut was already in her proper position, breathing heavily and dripping
sweat on the plush green carpet.  "Go outside and take a cold shower, you stupid
fucking slut!  I can't stand the sight of you!", Karen yelled before turning
back toward the home office. 

Relieved and grateful not to have been slapped or whipped, Carol rushed to the
shower stall by the poolhouse in the back yard and took a quick shower. 
Removing all of the sweat and tanning oil under the cold stream of water was
invigorating, but Carol knew she was still in trouble.  She had never seen
another woman become so enraged.  She was amazed, after seeingn the look in Miss
Karen't eyes, that she had been able to control herself so well.  Carol knew she
had done wrong, but she was so....horny...all the time now. 

When she finished the shower she wasn't sure what to do next.  She thought she
should return to the last spot she had been in position, so tried to get into
the house through the sliding door.  It was locked, however.  So, hopeful to
make amends somehow, she faced the glass door, spread her feet, clasped her
hands behind her neck, adjusted her elbows, and waited.

Karen kept a close eye on the monitor to ensure the bitch didn't do anything
else stupid.  She had locked the sliding door to keep the slut out until the
trainees could give her an update on the little sister.  She took a few minutes
to put the lawn mower and gas can away, then found the slut's car keys in the
grass.  She decided to leave the car in the driveway.  When she returned to the
office, she took some time to work through a few contingencies in her mind
regarding the sister.  They weren't all bad.  As she sipped another cup of
coffee, she reflected on whether or not so much of it that day had contributed
to her reaction to the slut's...forgetfulness.  She had calmed down enough to
begin to see some humor in the slut's horniness.  It was obvious what would
happen if she was left to her own devices. 

Finally, the small green light on Karen's encrypted cellphone began to blink. 
She checked her watch.  Twenty minutes...not a bad reaction time.  But, what was
the information worth?  She plugged the adapter from the monitor to the
cellphone and downloaded the text message sent by her team of trainees. 

"Apologies.  Megan Renee White, younger sister is adoptive.  Joined family when
subject was ten and sister was six months.  Graduated high school last week. 
Illinois I.D. Photo attached.  End."

Well.  At least Karen had a name, age, and knowledge that she was adopted.  She
could fill in the blanks by other means.  What to do?  There was no immediate
need to decide because Megan knew her big sister was teaching and had no
expectation of a return call until late afternoon at the earliest.  It was...one
fifteen. Plenty of time.  Megan wasn't bad looking, but there was really no
telling from an I.D. photo.

Karen straightened up the office area, putting all of her equipment back into
the gym bag.   She strolled casually toward the back of the house and stood for
a while just inside the sliding glass door, looking out at the slut.  She had
gotten some sun while cutting the lawns and was just then beginning to turn pink
from it.  Karen would have her tanned deeply by summer's end.  She would look
especially hot once her hair was dyed blonde.  There was much to do, and much
fun to be had with this one...but...there was the matter of the sister to deal
with. 

Carol saw with some trepidation that Miss Karen was looking her over from inside
the house.  She remained completely motionless, trying to ensure that she did
not further enrage her  beautiful Mistress.  She thought about what it felt
like, being led by the wrist...it was so...natural.  But for the circumstances,
she would have enjoyed it very much.  For now all she could do was keep her
position and wait.  She was getting increasingly hungry as the day wore on, and
cutting the grass had served to build up quite an appetite.  She hadn't had any
breakfast or lunch, other than the quart of water she had been forced to drink
that morning. 

Karen closed the drapes on the slut, both to give her something more to think
about and to conceal the fact that Karen had gone to her home to exchange some
items and to secure some of the test equipment in her safe. 

When Karen returned she found herself in a much better mood.  As often happened,
her fabulous brain worked out a solution while she let the problem ruminate
without applying conscious thought to it.  Then, when the solution popped out,
she could apply her unequaled analytical skills toward deconstructing the
solution to test it, ,refine it and make it more workable.  The bottom line in
this case was that she needed to take a trip.  Before leaving, she needed to
secure the slut for an undetermined period of time.  She gathered what she
needed from her substantial supply at home and returned with a general plan.

Carol was surprised when the curtains suddenly parted.  She had been staring at
them for so long that her mind had started to wander.   Still mindful of the
degree to which she had upset Miss Karen, Carol had begun to develop the skill
of allowing time to pass.  Being trussed up by the neck the previous evening had
given her some practice.  Though tired and otherwise distressed, she had made
the same accomodation in the cage and while she waited in her car outside the
thrift shop.  She recalled the life in which she dreamed of having more idle
time.  Her dream had come true, although not in the way she had envisioned. 
Idle time punctuated by humiliation, fear, work, confusion, and almost constant
horniness was not yet a 24 hours lifestyle for her, but that was only because
she had not yet made it through her first 24 hours.

She had been thinking about kind of change had occurred in her that she could
and would mow the lawn in a see-through bikini and be fully prepared to fuck the
first man that took notice.  On the one hand she was alarmed.  On the other she
felt the familiar, almost constant heat that kept her wet and ready.  Something
deep within her, beyond the reach of her intellect, was winning the battle for
her body.  She wasn't trying too hard to keep herself under control, and wanted
to go where fate seemed to be taking her. 

Karen was preoccupied with getting to Kissemmee.  She slid the door open a
crack.  "Go to your spot and pee, then return here.", she said flatly before
closing  the door.  She watched as the slut made her way quickly to her spot on
the grass.  Karen knew she had found a way to pee since her "accident" at school
that morning, probably in the bushes on the side of the house.  She only
dribbled a bit now, and Karen knew the quart that had been put into her that
morning had obviously already been drained.  There would be an accounting for
every transgression, eventually.  Karen slid the door open when the slut
returned to allow her entry into the house.  Karen told the slut to kneel on top
of the coffee table in the living room. 

Carol had no idea what to expect.  Miss Karen's mood had changed for the better,
but she remained serious and somewhat detached.  Carol kneeled up on the coffee
table, feeling even more as though she were on display than she had been in the
back yard.  She clasped her hands behind her neck and spread her knees, keeping
her eyes downcast.  She noticed the furniture had been rearranged and that it
didn't look bad. 

Karen placed her large sports bag beside the coffee table and withdrew her
favorite leather discipline hood from it.  This particular hood was nice because
of the flexibility it provided.  It could be fitted with a bit, O-ring, penis
gag, ball gag, a simple vented mouth cover, or left open over the lips.  The
eyes could be left open or snapped shut, as could the ears.  It was fully
adjustable with leather laces up the back and contained numerous D-rings in
various locations to make it convenient to secure the slave's head contained in
it.  She had already fitted it with a large penis gag.  First, though, she
pulled out a pair of earplugs that would effectively render the slut deaf,
especially once the hood was fully in place.  She held the earplugs up for the
slut to see.

"I lost count of the number of times you failed me today.  Since you are
apparently unable to hear what I tell you, I've decided to make you deaf, dumb,
and blind for a while.  After I insert these earplugs I'm going to put this nice
hood on you.  Then, I'm going to do what I will with you, as though you were a
stupid animal with no sense, which is what you demonstrated that you are,
through your actions today.  Should I meet with any resistance, things will be
all the worse for you.  Do you unerstand?"

Carol understood that tone of voice.  She nodded slightly, her lips
involuntarily curling down on the corners.  "Yes, Miss Karen.", she replied. 

Karen held the slut's head steady with one hand while she pushed the earplugs in
with the other.  Then, she took the hood and turned it inside out so that the
large penis gag protruded outward from it.  Reaching down between the slut's
legs, she roughly parted her labia with the penis gag and firmly guided it up
and back several times until it was thoroughly coated with cunt juice. 

Carol knew what was expected of her when she saw the shortened black dildo being
held to her lips.  She opened wide as it was pushed deeply into her mouth and
the hood quickly pushed up and over her face until it surrounded her entire
head.  Miss Karen gathered and pulled her hair up through a hole in the top,
then tightly laced up the back, down to the nape of her neck.  She could hear
and see nothing.  The gag was so large that it seemed to completely fill her
mouth, and was just short enough not to trigger her gag reflex.  She relished
the taste of herself as her juices intermingled with her saliva and seemed to
settle in throughout her mouth.  Miss Karen was adjusting and tightening various
buckles and straps that served to make every part of the hood  conform to the
shape of her head.

Karen stood back to survey her work.  The hood looked like it had been custom
made for the slut's well formed head.  She loved it.  Leaving the dumb beast on
the table, she strolled to the garage and gathered the converted dog collars she
had made the slut purchase the evening before.  She put one on each ankle and
wrist.

Next, she guided the slut down onto her back and pushed her wrists up over her
head.  She padlocked the wrist cuffs together and knotted a length of nylon rope
to the padlock, tossing the loose end under the table.   She grasped each ankle
and pushed it under the table on either side, then tied a length of rope between
them. Next, she pulled the rope attached to her wrists until the slut's upper
arms rested on the table top and her lower arms were pulled at an angle under
the table.  She tied it to the rope connecting her ankles.   If the slut tired
to straighten her arms, she would pull her ankles closer together, and if she
tried to straighten her knees, she would pull her arms more tightly under the
table.  

As her body was being bound to the table, Carol became increasingly alarmed. 
She was splayed out on the table in such a manner that her breasts, belly,
pussy, and inner thighs were fully exposed. Her breathing became more difficult
because of the mask, and she felt her head beginning to perspire inside it's
leather cucoon. 

So as not to have any interruptions to the task that soon would be at hand,
Karen retrieved the slut's huge "black man's" dildo as well as the next larger
of the three sizes of anal plugs that had been bought the night before at the
adult video store.  She tossed them onto a side chair next to the coffee table. 
She stripped a few nice lengths of duct tape off a roll she had in her bag and
temporarily stuck them on the edge of the table. 

Not one for wasting time, Karen quickly stripped off all of her clothes, neatly
folding them and placing them on the couch.  She was already wet, but opted to
slide a finger along the length of her long neglected pussy just to warm herself
up a bit more.  She had brought a longer dogwhip with her, one that produced a
deep whistle as it split the air and a very satisfying crack upon impact.  It
was not heavy enough to do damage beyond surface welts, but it was more
subtantial than the one she had used on the slut that morning, which was
basically just a toy.

She stood on the table, straddling the slut's torso and facing toward her feet. 
Raising the dogwhip up to the ceiling, she took careful aim at the right inner
thigh, about six inches above the knee.  Taking a deep breath, feeling her
nipples rise and her pussy tingle, she brought the whip down with a sureness and
fury that knew no compromise. 

Carol's entire body went rigid as her thigh suddenly erupted in flame.  The pain
was so quick and so deep that she momentarily wondered if she had been burned. 
She screamed at the top of her lungs into the gag and hood that held her mute,
blind, and deaf.  This was a cruelty she had never known.  Her mind reeled,
functioning at the level of a cornered animal. 

Karen was thrilled to see the result.  The welt came up nicely while the slut's
body quivered from the shock.  Karen stood poised, watching the nipples rise and
the clit escape from it's soft, concealing hood.  She waited patiently until the
breathing returned.  Some of the muscles relaxed...then she struck again,
ruthlessly.  Then, again, and again... 

The slut had been perfectly striped, three times on either inner thigh.  Karen
admired her work from above the writhing victim.  "Well placed.", she
complimented herself.  The gutteral, muted screams that managed to make their
way out of the hood were a nice compliment as well.  They continued for a while
even after the last strike, as long as there was breath to produce them. 
Eventually the slut had tired of breathing so hard, and had to either calm down
or pass out.  The human body was a particularly interesting and useful
instrument.  It typically did what needed to be done to keep the system
operating despite the emotional distress of the frail personality that sometimes
controlled it. 

Karen was flowing freely, and happily gathered her own moisture on her fingers
to share with the slut.  She rubbed generous amounts of it over the slut's
nostrils and the area surrounding them on the hood to ensure her sweet aroma
would be a distinct aspect of that particularly memorable event. 

Next, she roughly removed the smaller plug from the slut's ass, replacing it
with   the medium sized plug, then unceremoniously forced the dildo in to the
hilt.  They would be held in place with the duct tape, which Karen placed from
the slut's lower back to her belly and reinforced with several more lengths to
ensure nothing could be expelled.  It would be a perfectly natural way for a
slut to pass the time, fully stuffed in all her holes, freshly striped, and
stringently bound. 

Karen hadn't intended to give herself relief.  That would come later.  She
enjoyed and appreciated the value of discipline and the satisfying results it
would bring when her desire was allowed to build to the point that she was
unable to stop herself.  She looked forward to the frenzy, and the unpredictable
circumstances in which it might arrive.  It was the one unregulated aspect of
her life that she allowed herself. 

She quickly showered and redressed, then prepared for the drive to Kissemmee. 
It was time to investigate what  kind of complication Megan would be.




Chapter XI.  Megan

Karen made her way at a leisurely pace down Interstate 95 to I-4 and the Florida
Turnpike.  She didn't particularly enjoy driving, but her Jaguar tended to make
it a pleasurable experience.  After about three hours, she found the appropriate
exit and made her way to the Cool Harbor Motel.  It was a dump with a rusty sign
and cracked plate glass in the lobby windows. 

Armed with the image of Megan's driver's license photograph in her mind, she
parked the car in the motel lot and strolled to the pool area.  She preferred to
have a look at Megan before approaching her.  It was always best to have the
first opportunity to size someone up.  With a broken down car, there wouln't be
too many places she could hang out.  Not at the Cool Harbor, anyway.  It would
be the room or the pool.  She wouldn't be expecting anyone other than her
sister, but it wouldn't be in the slut's character to drive to Kissemmee without
calling first. 

There were only stray cats poolside.  Karen looked at her watch.  School would
have been out about a half hour ago, so she might still be in the room waiting
for a call from her big sister.  Karen stretched a bit and took a few seconds to
align her thoughts before searching out Megan's room.

Megan heard light knocking on the door, just as she was finishing her third
joint of the day.  It couldn't be her sister.  She wouldn't have come without
calling to get highly detailed directions.  Megan had been dreading the call
because she knew she couldn't give Carol minute directions.  She hadn't been
able to find a motel room in Orlando and had kept moving until she happened upon
the Cool Harbor.  She had no idea how she had gotten there.  She had left the
bathroom exhaust fan on, but tried fanning some of the smoke toward it with a
damp pillow after throwing the roach in the toilet and flushing it.

Looking through the door viewer, she saw a pretty older woman with long blonde
hair and bright blue eyes.  What was up with that?  Brushing her hair back over
her shoulders and straightening her tank top, she inhaled deeply and pulled the
door open a crack.  "Megan?", the lady asked pleasantly.

"Uh.  Yeah?", Megan replied, sounding more wasted than she intended to.

"Hi!  I'm glad I found you!  I'm Karen, Carol's new neighbor?"

"Oh...uh. Yeah.  Okay." Megan pulled the door open wider.  "C'mon in."  She
gestured halfheartedly toward the interior of the room. 

Karen managed to keep her facial expression fixed as she stepped into the room
and was hit by a wall of marijuana smoke.  Little sister was no goody-two shoes,
was she?

"Are you okay?  Carol said something about your car being broken down?"

The lady...what was her name?  She looked good.  She was nice.  "Uh.  Yeah.  I'm
okay.  It just...won't start.  It's dead.", Megan answered sullenly.

Dead.  Like your brain cells, Karen thought.  The room was nasty, but Megan
appeared natural in it.  She was not out of place.  It was a room made for
eighteen year old girls with too many rings in their ears to count, a tongue
stud, nice floral tatoos on each arm, and a penchant for smoking too much pot. 
She was attractive, though.  In a pseudo butch lesbian kind of way.  Her hair
was short, dyed as black as boot polish (which Karen much preferred to blue or
purple) and highlighted with a bit of glitter that hadn't washed out from a long
night of fruitless cruising for a sugar mama.  Karen could see that in a family
setting Megan would stand out as the one who was adopted.  She bore no
resemblance to Carol or her mother, whose picture Karen had seen in the dossier. 
She was certainly not talkative.  At least not yet.

"Well, I'm sure we can figure something out.  Carol had an...engagement and
couldn't make it.  So...I decided to come down and see what I could do for
you.", Karen smiled sincerely.  She knew it looked that way, at least.  "You're
lucky she called home to check her messages today.", Karen added.

"Uh. My car won't start, so...ah...", Megan mumbled.  She was feeling a bit
intimidated.  She knew the lady had smelled the pot.  She didn't really care,
but it was like...out there.

"How about this,", Karen offered.  "let me call a tow truck and get it to a
garage.  Then, we'll go to dinner somewhere and figure out the rest."  She
smiled pleasantly, ensuring there was no possible reason for Megan to object.

"Oh.  I, ah...the problem is, ah...I don't have any money.  Not much, anyway.
Not enough...so...", Megan's voice trailed off as though she had lost her train
of thought.

"No problem!", Karen exclaimed, trying to inject some enthusiasm into the
depressing room.  "I have Carol's credit card!". 

Megan liked the way the lady's lips moved.  She thought for a few seconds.  That
was odd.  If this was the neighbor Carol had gone to meet the night before, why
would she have trusted her with her credit card?  "Uh.  Are you the neighbor
Carol was, Carol visited last night?", she asked foggily.

Karen knew then how badly her support team had failed.  Not only was there a
surprise little sister that someone had forgotten to tell him about, but she had
been in the subject's house the day of Karen's first planned contact. 

Karen understood the underlying reason for the question.  This ones mind worked
slowly.  "Yes!  We had a great time last night!  She feels really bad that she
couldn't be here for you.  So, I've got her card to pay for whatever needs
done."

"That's a switch.", Megan whispered as she turned toward the door. 

"What do you mean?", Karen asked.

"Um, I expected her to tell me to fend for myself.  Then I'd have to call my mom
and get a lecture, and she would call Carol, and Carol would...whatever.  It
doesn't matter." She shrugged.

Karen smiled warmly, tilting her head in kind understanding.  The rift she
thought she could use had just leapt into her arms.  She followed Megan out the
door and onto the second floor walkway.  There was a nice breeze.  "I know she's
a real slut, but she didn't come across as such a bitch.", Karen mentioned
casually. 
Megan was surprised, both by the statement and by the fact that the lady had
said it.  Maybe she was cool.  Maybe she wasn't some kind of boring...sister's
friend.  Carol?  A slut?  She pointed across the lot to a small red Cavalier. 
"That's it, right there." 

Karen pulled out her cellphone, then went back into the room to check the yellow
pages for a towing service.  She watched Megan through the dingy room window
while she made the call.  The comment was sinking in.  Karen would be ready when
the questions came.  She could tell she had managed to put something in Megan's
mind that could sit right on top of her car trouble for a while. 

The lady was confused. Carol was a boring prude bitch.  It was almost funny to
hear somebody call Carol a slut.  If she was a slut, I'm a...movie star, Megan
thought. 

The tow truck took more than thirty minutes to arrive.  By then Megan was
starving.  They had managed to pass the time with idle chatter about the
weather, Megan's trip, and other seemingly inane subjects that helped Karen to
gain a better understanding of how Megan's mind worked.  She wasn't impressed,
but had noted that Megan was brightening a bit as they got to know each other
better.  Of course, everything Karen told her was a complete fabrication.  But,
it was a well remembered set of lies that would have been referred to as "cover"
if she were in operations and if she were on an operation. 

The driver made an imprint of the slut's card before taking Megan's car away. 
He had told them both that he was sure whatever was wrong with it couldn't be
fixed for a couple of days due to a backlog of tourists with similarly disabled
vehicles at the garage.  Megan seemed to take the news in stride, although she
didn't have the money to stay around for that long without some help.  She was
happy to go to dinner with the lady, especially since it was free.  She was
really surprised when she discovered she was driving a new Jag.  Megan had never
been in anything like it, and it felt great. The lady was being very nice to
her, although she did make Megan wipe off her shoes and checked her over for
dirt before allowing her into the car. 

Karen took the girl to the best restaurant she could find on short notice. Not
that the tart deserved to live the high life, but Karen did.  They made an odd
couple, but the more Karen was around Megan, the more she found to appreciate. 
With some cleaning up, a better wardrobe, and a haircut, Megan could be really
cute.  In the restaurant Karen ordered for Megan, without asking what she wanted
to eat.   She told her she was cute.  The girl blushed.  She wasn't accustomed
to compliments.  She had probably been put down all her life.  When Karen patted
her on her thigh, she blushed again. 

It was weird to be eating in such a nice restaurant in a tank top and pair of
jean shorts.  What's her name was dressed casually, too, but she seemed to fit
in so much better.  It was the story of Megan's life - never fitting in.  She
didn't know what to do or how to act.  Having her food ordered for her made her
feel like a child.  She didn't appreciate it much, but what could she say?  Free
food was free food.  The lady was pretty.  The more Megan looked at her, the
more she was attracted to her.  She was really smart, too.  That comment about
Carol being a slut was still gnawing at Megan, though.  She finally felt
comfortable enough to ask.

"Um, what was that you were saying about...ah...Carol being, like, a slut?"

"You shouldn't speak with your mouth full, Megan.", Karen replied impatiently. 
She could see the girl bristle.  Those who hate authority are great fun to
break, Karen thought.  "Before we talk about Carol, tell me when you first
realized you were lesbian?"  Karen gazed into Megan's eyes, making sure she
understood the seriousness of the question. 

Megan hadn't recovered from being told not to talk while she was eating. 
Besides, she was confused.  This was a strange turn.  "Um...none of your
business.", she answered quietly.  She was proud to have stood up to the lady. 

"Okay.", Karen said.  "Fair enough.  I could tell you were the second I saw
you."  She reached over and took Megan's hand.  "You certainly are an attractive
young lady."

Megan allowed the lady to hold her hand for a few seconds.  At least until she
started rubbing it.  She hadn't thought of herself with...was it Karen?  This
kind of come-on wasn't something she was used to.  She wasn't sure how to react. 
She slowly pulled her hand away.  Hadn't she been hoping for a moment like this
since she was...thirteen?  She was pretty...but...well, old!

Karen had worked out her options well in advance.  She assumed the girl was just
taking a short trip from Carol's home and that had been confirmed.  So, the
prospect of having her return to potentially discover what Karen had been doing
to her adoptive sister created the need for management.  Karen then knew she had
two options.  She could either take the girl as well, or she could somehow
manipulate the girl's assistance in a way that would ensure her security.  When
people disappear, it is not a good thing for one to have been closely associated
with them anytime prior to the disappearance.  Karen had already concluded the
second option was much too risky.  The first option involved more risk than she
was normally willing to assume, mainly because the potential disappearance of
sisters would create a sensation that would attract so much attention that she
would most likely be compromised. 

So, she had decided to take the little sister as well.  In the short term it was
manageable, and the slut could be used to minimize concern on the part of the
mother or other relatives.  Karen would have time to enjoy herself while
planning how to cover her tracks without having to constantly worry about
whether Megan would be a reliable ally.  Having formed the conclusion, Karen
found herself highly excited.  She hadn't taken two simultaneously before, let
alone two sisters.  The possibilities were diabolical.  And this one, well, she
hated authority.  That was always a pleasant first ingredient.

Karen could pick up the car in a few days or a week.  Nobody in Kissemee would
remember Megan.  It would most likely be a few months before Karen's break was
over and she would have to make any final determinations anyway.  Mmmm.  Two
sluts. Two.  What fun!

Karen leaned toward the girl as though she were going to tell her a secret.  She
rested her hand on Megan's knee.  "I think you should come home with me.  You
can hang out by the pool for a few days.  I'll tell Carol that you're fine and
that you decided to stay somewhere down here until your car is fixed.  If you
want to make some money, you could do some work around the house and I'll pay
you.  How does that sound?"

It wasn't like Megan had a thousand choices.  One of her problems in life was
that she never seeme to have more than one choice.  This was yet another
example.  It didn't sound that bad, but she hated the thought of being dependent
on this...Karen...for a few days.  "Okay.", she shrugged. 

Karen wasted no further time in the restaurant.  As soon as they finished their
entrees she paid with the slut's credit card, carefully and accurately forging
her signature on the receipt.  They returned to the motel and gathered up
Megan's things, packing them in the trunk of the Jag before heading back
upstate.

Karen used the time to learn more about the slut and her adopted sister.  Their
relationship had never been good.  Karen concluded they were deeply jealous of
each other.  She discovered that the slut's marriage wasn't at all healthy, and
that the slut had been considering a trial separation when her husband returned
from a military deployment sometime in September.

Megan decided not to pursue the comment about Carol's being a slut.  She really
didn't care to talk that much, and the lady seemed to be interrogating her
during the entire drive, although it was a well paced and seemingly innocent
interrogation.  Her buzz wore off much too quickly, and she wished she could
fire up another fattie.  As usual, she quickly became bored.  They stopped once
to refuel, and Megan didn't mind pumping the gas and going inside to pay while
Karen sat in the car.  

When they were again on the interstate, with about forty minutes drive left,
Karen decided to test the little lesbian to see what she was made of.  "Megan,
maybe this isn't such a good idea.  Maybe I should just let you hitch a ride
back to Kissemmee and fend for yourself."

Megan woke up quickly from whatever the daydream of the moment was.  "Uh.  Like,
why?", she asked.

"Why?  Well, because I seem to have gotten myself into a situation where I think
I'm doing some really nice things for a complete stranger who doesn't appear to
appreciate it."  Karen glanced at the girl, guaging her reaction.

"Wh...what do you mean?"

"Why would I do this for you, if you're just going to sulk and act like you're
put out?  I could have found easier ways to be miserable.  Are you going to make
me miserable?"

Megan knew she was right, but wasn't going to admit it.  "No.  I haven't done
anything to you.", she replied.

"Oh?  Six hours driving?  Dinner?  And you are...who?  My neighbor's sister?" 
There was a long pause before Megan spoke. 

"I don't know what you mean, uh, Karen.  Like, what do you want?"
Karen noted just a touch of nervousness in her voice.  "Well, to start with, I'd
like the rest of the drive to be a bit more...interesting.", Karen said softly.

"Okayyyy.  But, like, I don't know any jokes?"

Karen half expected her to say, "Hellooo!" after each sentence.  She was dealing
with a child in a young  woman's body.  She hated to react to that kind of
attitude, so she didn't.  She simply put her right turn signal on and started
slowing down.

She wouldn't put me out, Megan thought.  She wouldn't!  Would she?  She would. 
They were on the berm.  They were stopped.  Megan froze.

Karen put the car in park then turned fully toward Megan.  The little trollop
was frightened.  What a shame.  Being put out on I-95 was not proving to be
attractive to her.  "I can tell you now what I want, Megan.  In exchange for all
this time, effort, and expense that I'm putting in for you, I want you to be my
personal little lesbian whore for a few days, starting now.  Either that, or get
out now."  For effect, Karen reached over Megan and pushed the door open. 

Megan knew what she wanted.  It was just so...weird.  "Okay.", she blurted out.

Karen didn't move or speak, she simply continued to glare at the girl.  Okay
wasn't an answer.  Megan glanced at her.  There was fear in her eyes. 

"Okay!" Megan repeated.  "What do you want me to do?"

This one was tougher than big sister, Karen thought.  Though fearful and
stressed out, the young tart was managing to keep her emotions under control, at
least outwardly.  Karen reached up, placing her hand at the back of Megan's neck
and pulled her close.  Karen pressed her lips to Megans, slipping her tongue
lightly between the girl's parting lips and gliding it across her teeth.  Megan
sighed heavily, as though all the air had gone out of her bravado balloon.  She
parted her teeth, allowing Karen's roaming tongue full access.  Her own hot
little tongue ventured shyly forward.  Karen pulled her in  tighter, pushing
deeper with her tongue, feeling the heat rising quickly.  She slid her left hand
smoothly up under Megan's tank top to cup her right breast.  Megan sighed again,
seeming to melt back into the car seat.  Karen slowly rolled the nipple between
her thumb and middle finger, applying moderate pressure as she felt it harden. 
The girl was responding nicely, just as Karen had expected. 

Megan's body had reacted in ways she had never experienced before.  She was
being taken, and was freely giving, all of herself to this...pretty woman with a
Jaguar...on the side of the interstate.  She swooned at the perfectly
orchestrated ministrations she was subjected to at the hand of the...lady.  She
was...in...heaven.

Karen slowly, languidly ended the kiss and withdrew slightly to look into
Megan's eyes.  Sexily, she whispered, "Did you like that?"

"Mmmmmm.", Megan nodded. 

Karen sat back a bit further so that she could lift the front of the girl's tank
top up for a look at her breasts.  Megan accomodated the effort by sitting up
slightly.  She was nervous, though, looking out at passing traffic to see if
they could be noticed.  They were pretty little breasts...perfect for a young,
horny lesbian.  Karen leaned forward, slowly enveloping Megan's right nipple
with her lips, drawing it in between her teeth and gently teasing it with her
darting tongue.  Megan leaned back, her legs spreading slightly.  Karen moved
back to the left nipple, giving it a soft kiss and a quick, teasing bite.  She
kissed Megan again softly on the lips, then her neck, then whispered into her
ear, "Let's go home now, okay?"

Megan nodded slowly...she was high on...lust.  "Okayyyy.", she quietly answered. 


Inside the hood...

For Carol, time had become something more abstract than she had ever known it to
be.  Bound lewdly to her own coffee table, stuffed in all of her holes and
rendered blind, deaf and mute by Miss Karen's discipline hood, she had been in a
number of different places physically and mentally over the past several hours. 
For quite some time she simply reacted to the pain of the whipping of her
thighs, either by fearing more of it or wishing the burning that had been
inflicted would stop.  Eventually it did, freeing her to dwell on what was going
on...where Miss Karen was...and why she was simply being ignored.  The plug,
dildo, and penis gag were serving their respective purposes, making her feel
both degraded, stuffed, and well used while also titillating her without relief. 
She hadn't been fond of the method that was used to insert them, but now that
she was accustomed to it...she wasn't so distressed.  Her knees hurt, as did her
shoulders.  All she could hear was her own breathing and heartbeat.  It took a
long time before she calmed down to normal rhythyms.  All the while, in the back
of her mind, she still hoped Miss Karen would choose to use her.  Breathing her
essence kept Carol constantly mindful of...Mistress.  She reviewed all of the
circumstances of the day and the evening before and concluded that her darkest,
most secret fantasies were coming through at a time and in a way that she could
not have ever dreamed of.  Did she want out?  No.  Did she want more?  Yes.  
She tried rotating her hips to draw Miss Karen's attention.  Maybe she could
entice her to...maybe...

After more than six hours Carol finally dozed off to dreams that intertwined
with a new reality.
 




Chapter XII An Evening at Karen's

By the time Karen pulled into her garage it was 9:30 p.m. Since their little
necking session on the side of the highway, Megan's attitude had changed.  She
seemed excited, like a schoolgirl on her birthday.  Karen kept a hand on the
girl's knee for most of the last twenty miles, occasionally allowing it to stray
up along her inner thigh.

Megan noticed her sister's car was still in the driveway next door as they
pulled in.  She was nervous that she would be seen with Karen.  She felt
inordinately guilty for some reason.  She was an adult and could decide for
herself what she wanted to do and when.  She didn't need to get permission from
anybody for anything anymore.  If Karen wanted to let her hang out for a while
at her house...well then...who cared?  Besides, Megan had been hoping to meet
someone in Florida.  It had been the main reason for the trip.  She had known
she couldn't get lucky staying with her sister.  She also knew she couldn't stay
with her sister for more than a few days before they'd have an argument and she
would have to leave.  Megan needed to find a way to start a life for herself,
and had no clue as to how to go about doing it.  Her plan had been only to try
to meet an older woman who would...take her...under...her...wing.  Duh.  She had
spent much of the previous evening drinkng up what little money she had in the
hope of meeting a nice girl, or woman.  The night had ended in frustration...but
now...this...Karen...had taken an interest in her.  She hadn't ever, in her
life, felt so horny.   It was exactly how she hope it would be...so far.  If she
thought she was a lesbian before. Well, she knew it now.  She knew it from the
second Karen's tongue had slipped  between her lips.  She hadn't ever been
wetter.  Her nipples had never been so hard.  But, she was nervous.  It felt
like being on your first date, she thought.  She wasn't sure how to act or what
to do.  She only knew that she wanted whatever happened.

Karen shut the car off and climbed out, so Megan got out, too.  She followed the
woman through the door into the house as the garage door closed on the fading
light of a day that had taken a turn for the better.  The house was beautiful,
like out of a magazine.  She looked around in wonder.  "Wow", she said, then
felt embarrassed.  She might as well have admitted out loud that she was nothing
more than a street urchin.

"Like it?", Karen asked, smiling. 

Megan nodded, wide-eyed. 

"Why don't you go on out to the pool.  I'll get us a couple of drinks.  Rum and
coke?"

Megan was really thirsty.  She was underage back home.  It was cool that Karen
would make her a drink.  "Sure.Okay.", Megan answered as she strolled lightly
down the center hall toward the back.  The house was awesome.  She was going to
love it here.  Every room was perfect.  She made her way to the back yard and
found a pair of cushioned lounge chairs next to the pool.  She stretched, then
sat down, kicking her shoes off.

Karen mixed the drinks in extra large glasses to ensure Megan got more than
enough alcohol along with the crushed Rohypnol she had sprinkled in one of them. 
She took that one out to Megan, smiling pleasantly.  "I need to check my
messages and freshen up a bit."  She leaned down, kissing Megan gently.  "Be
okay til I get back?"

"Mmmmyesss.", Megan cooed. 
The drug would begin to have an effect in about thirty minutes, so Karen took
her time unloading the Jag, using the bathroom, and sipping on her own rum and
coke.  She would need to get over to secure the slut for the night.  Leaving her
plugged and bound to the table for too long might loosen those holes more than
they needed to be.  She needed to get accustomed to sleeping in the cage, too. 
Karen hadn't completely planned out what fun she would be having tomorrow, but
there was plenty of time for that.  For now, she had two sisters under her
control and neither knew about the other.  What kind of mischief could Karen get
herself into?  She smiled, feeling her nipples tingle at the possibilities.

Megan was feeling just a little foggy by the time she finished the drink.  It
was a nice kind of foggy...warm and loose.  She giggled a bit, still excited at
the evening's possibilities.  She felt less nervous and knew the rum, or
whatever, was loosening her up quite a bit.  It was nearly dark now, but the
pool lights came on and soon after she turned to see Karen walking toward her,
naked. 

She was beautiful now that she was out of those...lame clothes.  Her breasts
were full and firm.  They would make any woman jealous, Megan thought.  She was
in great shape for her age, which Megan guessed to be around thirty five or so. 
There was a faint bikini line, but it didn't seem like she had been in the sun
much this year.  Megan started to sit up, but found it more difficult than it
should have been.  She was a bit alarmed at how fucked up she seemed to be.

"Feeling okay, sweetie?", Karen asked in a soft, sensuous voice.  She bent down
to kiss Megan.  The girl reached up to touch her dangling breasts, and Karen
forced her tongue deeply between the girls parting teeth as she moaned loudlly. 
The kiss went on for well over a minute, leaving them both breathless and wet.

It was obvious to Karen that Megan was being influenced by the so called "date
rape" drug she had secretly slipped her.  Her inhibitions were practically gone
and her eyes seemed to be gettng glassy.  "Let's get you out of those old rags,
Megan.", Karen suggested.  The girll nodded, her head lolling slightly to one
side. 

Karen helped her sit up just enough to tug the tank top up over her head.  It
felt good to Megan to get it off.  It was a warm evening made warmer by her
desire.  Shucking her clothes was a relief.  She raised her hips to help Karen
tug off her jean shorts and panties and finally her socks.  Karen was again
gently sucking on her nipples, causing her to purr like a content housecat.  She
put her feet down on either side of the lounge chair, spreading her legs wider
to ensure Karen had no worries that she wasn't ready for this.  She was
ready...soooo ready.  She closed her eyes as Karen began rubbing her inner
thigh, then massaging her across her lower stomach and finally reaching her
mound.  Megan inhaled sharply as the unmitigated pleasure of feeling her pussy
lips being parted by another woman spread up and over her body.  She arched her
back, raising her knees slightly...wanting more...more.  Her neck was being
kissed now, a finger pressed firmly down, gliding up and back along her sex.  A
hot tongue tickled her ear, raising goosbumps across her back and chest.  She
moaned now, the finger beginning to reach her hard little clit and to linger
over it with each trip up and down her hot pussy.  "Ohhhhhhh."

"Mmmmmmmm.", Karen answered, whispering into her ear.  "Feeling good, little
one?"

"Ahhhhhhmmmmyessss.", Megan sighed.

Karen sat back slowly, gazing into the girl's bleary eyes.  She brought her left
hand to her lips.   They glistened in the soft light of the pool.  She passed
them under her nose as she delicately took in the young girl's sweet scent. 
Impressed, she touched a finger to her tongue.  "Ohhhhhhhh.  You are sweeeeet,
girl."  She took her index finger between her lips and sucked the girl's thick
nectar from it as Megan watched, entranced.

Karen hadn't tasted a sweeter, more luscious pussy.  It was amazing, she
thought.   To find such a treasure by accident.  To think it likely would have
ended up in a trailer park somewhere...

Megan was content letting things progress without much effort on her part...she
was wasted but still very much aware of what was happening to her.  She was
loving every second of it...and it made her feel so...special to see an
experienced, older woman getting so much pleasure from tasting her.  Karen had
moved between Megan's legs now, and was straddling the end of the lounge chair,
facing her.  She grasped Megan from beneath either leg and tugged her entire
body downward toward her.  Then, reaching further under and up over her stomach,
she lifted Megan's lower body straight up until she felt her ass pressing
against Karen's breasts.  She was nearly inverted, with her shoulders and head
resting on the cushion. 

Karen judged the girl to be no more than 100 pounds, which was going to be
convenient.  She paused momentarily to allow herself a good, close look at the
sweet young cunt.  It was small and well formed, with bright pink inner lips and
a well concealed little clit.  The girl had kept herself trimmed nicely,
probably for just this sort of an occasion.  Karen knew it was her first
time...that was obvious.  She pushed her tongue fully out of her mouth and
lowered her head toward the object of her lust and began lapping hungrily at it,
like a thirsty hound after a hunt.  The girl's body quivered and stiffened at
the new pleasures it was receiving.  The pussy released more of it's sweet stuff
as Karen licked deeply along the cleft, twirling her tongue over the flesh
around the little clit.  Each time she touched it, Megan's body jerked in
reaction.  Karen moved her hands under the small of the girl's back and lifted a
bit further, presenting her snack at a better angle.  She nipped at the soft
inner thighs, teasing a bit before resuming her ceasless, well paced licking. 
When she felt the time to be just right, she plunged her tongue deeply into
Megan's pulsating hole and swirled it around it's outside walls before quickly
withdrawing and moving up to trap the little clit.  She sucked the flesh around
it deeply into her mouth, nipping with her teeth until she caught the little bud
between them. 

Megan bucked wildy, calling out, "OhhhhhhhGodohgodohhhgod!!!" as she forced her
body upward, pushing her cunt more firmly into Karen's face as she felt herself
begin to shudder and quake as the orgasm built still higher until...until...she
screamed, "Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhooooooohhhhhhgodfuckmeohhhhhhhhhshitohhhhh!" 

Karen brought the girl down easily.  She couldn't afford to keep the
neighborhood dogs barking.  Under different circumstances she might have
delivered three or four such orgasms in the next few minutes.  But, she had
gotten the pleasure she wanted out of causing the girl to cum, and had wanted
that memory to serve as a benchmark for the girl over the next few days.  If she
could be kept in a state of constant desire for more of that, things would go
much easier.

By the time Megan had calmed to the point of anything resembling a normal 
breathing pattern, the drug had rendered her almost incoherent.  Karen had been
speaking to her softly to gauge her progress into foggyland and now looked down
at a naked, limp, and helpless young girl.  Karen licked her lips to savor the
taste of the girl one more time before reluctantly getting up to make her
preparations.

She would have to call the moving company tomorrow to bring over all of
her...furniture and...equipment now that Megan had presented herself.  For now,
though, she would need to get the girl converted for her long and deep journey
into servitude.  Poor thing. 

There was no need to hurry, so Karen went about her preparations at a leisurely
pace.  There was also no reason to dress, so she remained naked.  Most of what
she needed was in her portable kit, a locked steel toolbox that looked innocent
enough but for it's size.  It contained three small drawers in the front and a
nice large tray that fit inside the top, along with a substantial storage area
inside.  She did need to run an extension cord from the outlet at the back of
the house to beside where Megan lolled.  She snapped her fingers, remembering to
get a plastic trash bag from the kitchen.  When all was ready, she lowered the
back of the lounge chair so that Megan was laying flat rather than in a
reclining position. 

First she removed all of the earrings as well as the three rings the girl wore
on her fingers.  She took a small baggie from the toolbox and placed them inside
it for disposal later.  Removing a few cable ties, she secured Megan's wrists to
the lounge chair on either side.  The girl was limp enough, but she wasn't
totally out of it.  No need to give her a chance to get lively.  She plugged the
electric clippers into the extension cord, then lifted Megan's head slightly so
she could slip the garbage bag in behind it.  Taking the clippers, she quickly
and efficiently shaved off all of the girl's black, glitter-infested hair,
making sure it all fell neatly into the bag.  Once it was all cut down to a
barely visible stubble, she used the clippers to remove Megan's nicely trimmed
pubic hair. 

Megan looked up through bleary eyes, fully understanding what was happening but
feeling completely helpless to do anything about it.  She was disoriented, hot,
and feeling a buzz unlike any other in her life.  The sound of the clippers and
the knowledge that her hair was being shorn caused her to feel some sense of
alarm, but she was experiencing so many other things that it was just a part of
the swirl.  That...lady was...that nice lady who...

Karen enjoyed herself thoroughly.  It reminded her of the strange sense of power
she had experienced as a girl, playing with Barbie dolls.  Did she know then
that she would someday use real humans to occupy her time?  She thought that she
probably did.  It wasn't long for her to make the transition from dolls to the
neighborhood girls.  She had such fun back then, but nothing like this. 

She spread a small quantity of shaving gel over Megan's sweet pussy and removed
what the clippers had missed.  On a whim, she decided to shave off her eyebrows
as well.  She could shape them as she wished as they grew back, and in the
meantime their lack of presence on Megan's face would only serve to help the
process of deconstructing the girl. 

Snapping on a pair of surgical gloves, Karen decided to do the nose first. 
Pulling out her piercing kit, she chose a heavier guage needle than the local
parlor would ever use.  She set it on the girl's flat stomach as she carefully
dabbed Megan's septum with first hydrogen peroxide, then alcohol.  She clamped
forceps just above and below the area she wanted to pierce to isolate it, then
quickly forced the needle through.  She had chosen the location well, she noted,
as there was little bleeding.  Megan had squeeked at about the volume of a real
mouse, but lacked the strength or awareness to do anything more.  Piercing is so
much less trouble when they aren't flailing all around, Karen thought.  She
found one of the nine heavy gold rings she was going to permanently emplace in
the young girl.  She released the forceps and pushed the gap in the ring over
the small section of flesh separating the nostrils.  Then, as she pulled the
needle slowly out to the left, she rotated the ring into the hole it left until
the ring was fully installed and the gap was at the bottom.  Pulling out her
ring clamps, which were little more than a smaller version of the same tool used
to clamp rings in the snouts of hogs, she squeezed the ring together until it's
matched ends snapped inextricably in place.  She rotated the seamed portion of
the ring until it was not visible in Megan's nose.  The area was dabbed with
hydrogen peroxide and left to dry as she enlarged the piercings in either
earlobe and emplaced rings there.

Since the tongue was thicker, she used a circular piercing needle of the same
guage as the straight one.  She pried open Megan's mouth and got hold of the tip
of her cute little pink tongue with a pair of forceps.  It was a bit awkward for
her to get the thing adequately clamped because it didn't seem long enough, at
first, to allow her to get it far enough out.  She pierced the very tip of the
tongue and installed a ring there, mounted vertically.  She left Megan's trendy
tongue stud in place as it was out of the way and inconsequential. 

Karen took great care in ensuring each nipple was done perfectly.  They would be
noticed the most.  The rings looked larger than they actually were in the girl's
small nipples.  Karen was quite happy with the look as the guage of the rings
distended the nipples just a bit, making them more enticing, she thought.

She installed the seventh ring just above the girl's navel in a vertical
position, then placed one on either side of her sweet little pussy, through the
outer lips.  Karen more carefully explored the small, well hidden clit she had
become such � fan of.  There wasn't enough of it to pierce, let alone get a firm
grip on with the forceps.  If she was going to do anything there, it would have
to be a piercing of the loose flesh above the clit with a nice, golden hook
dangling down to tease and torment the thing.  That might be a consideration for
later.  For now, Karen looked over her freshly pierced acquisition with
satisfaction.  If not for the floral tattoos on the shoulders, the girl's skin
was almost perfect.  There were no blemishes or birthmarks...nothing other than
the smooth, taught skin of little Megan. 

All that was left for Karen to do was to install the foot trainers on Megan's
legs and feet, then to secure her for the night.  She got them out of her box
and lifted each foot in turn, to place them in the devices.  They looked
remotely like some sort of medical leg brace, but their purpose was to cause the
foot to arch at an extreme angle.  This would eventually aid in the long-term
wearing of extremely high heels and ballet boots.  Karen tightened each just
above Megan's ankles.  They prevented the ankles from being turned to the side
as the forward portion of the foot was pulled tightly downward as though the
objective was to have the toes and heel rest on the same surface while the
middle of the foot assumed a pleasing arch.  It could be quite painful, Karen
knew.  But...in the state Megan was in, she was doing her a favor by giving her
a head start when her tendons and muscles were as loose and uncaring as they
were going to be for quite some time. 

Karen repacked her toolbox and carried the bag of hair and Megan's old jewelry
back into the house.  She returned with an old blanket and a pair of scissors. 
Cutting the cable ties loose from Megan's wrists, she lifted the girl down onto
the blanket so that she could drag her across the lawn to the house.  She then
was able to grasp her under her arms from behind and maneuver her into the
house.  She laid her on her side in the hallway just outside her bedroom and
hog-tied her, then blindfolded and gagged her with a pair of blue bandannas.  
As a reward to herself for all of that effort, she dipped her fingers into the
still-wet honeypot of Megan's sweet pussy for a taste of her fine juices.  Karen
giggled quietly, thinking of Pooh and his love of honey. 

She needed to cum, and the slut was waiting to provide just that service.  Karen
got one of her favorite toys, pulled on a bathrobe, retrieved the slut's house
keys, and proceeded next door to have her fun before bed time. 

After more than eight hours left bound and stuffed on her own coffee table, it
came as a considerable surprise to Carol when her head was suddenly pulled up by
her hair.  Miss Karen was back!  She had no idea how long she had been waiting,
but a small, insecure part of her had been wondering if something bad might have
happened.  She had replayed all of the events over the past evening and day, and
had taken a different perspective in terms of understanding why she was so
severely punished.  She had been breaking rules by the dozen without really
being aware of it.  But, Miss Karen knew, and she had no obligation, or at least
felt no obligation, to explain her reasoning.  Carol finally understood and
accepted the need for the whipping she had sustained.  She had caused it through
her failure to adequately follow her simple instructions.  She had been given
the gift of time to ponder it all and to come to a proper understanding.

Carol could feel through the leather hood that Miss Karen seemed to be putting
something more on her head.  It had been pulled down over the top and been
adjusted.  It was causing downward pressure on the penis gag in her mouth and
was tight around the back of her neck.  It was odd...there was something there,
but what?  She realized she couldn't draw air through the penis gag any longer
and would have to rely on her nose alone.  Suddenly she felt Miss Karen cruelly
twisting and pinching her nipples.  She was grateful for the change from
nothingness to at least some attention.  She felt them hardening in just the way
she knew Miss Karen liked them...fully erect and longer than anything close to
normal.  Carol moaned softly into the gag, the first sound she had heard other
than her breathing and heartbeat in hours.  She tried stretching what little bit
that she could in her tight bonds.  Her joints were sore and she wondered if
they'd ever straighten again.  She hoped she'd be freed from the table, and
soon.  She had needed to pee for what seemed like a very long time.

Karen had dropped her robe on an easy chair and climbed up on the table to
straddle the slut's upper torso.  It was an erotic sight that she looked down
upon as she casually dragged a finger over her sex.  She had felt like a good
fucking all night for some reason.  The slut's head provided the perfect
platform for her favorite strap-on - an eight inch affair in black rubber.  The
wicked thing stood proudly over the slut's mouth, just waiting for a horny
Mistress to use it.  Karen bent down to pull up on the slut's nicely erect
nipples, then got a firm grip on them with either hand before lowering herself
down onto her special friend.   The fellow always needed to be a bit patient
with her, as she didn't own one of those nasty, stretched out whore pussies like
the slut.  But, once inside of her fully, no dildo in the world was enjoyed
more.  Her eyes rolled back into her head as she savored the first moment of
full penetration.
 
Karen knew and appreciated the fact that she was cutting off the slut's air
supply.  She was sitting on the poor thing's nose, after all.  It was okay,
though, she would begin bucking soon enough.   Karen waited patiently, twisting
those nipples around and around until the body beneath her started to react.  
She raised herself up a few inches to permit the slut a quick supply of air
before sitting again, content to twist and pinch a while longer.  The body
bucked more insistently this time, and she rose, then dropped.  It bucked, and
she rose, and dropped. 

Carol was in a state of utter panic.  She had no real idea what was happening,
but had thought Miss Karen was above her.  It almost seemed as though...if
she...arched her back...she could get a breath...before it...would be...cut
off...again.  There was pressure on the whole of her face when she couldn't
breath, and she quickly noted the familiar aroma if Miss Karen's pussy juice
mixed with something more...pungent.  Carol told herself to stay calm, and began
to understand there was a rhythym to it.  She would struggle, get to inhale, and
then the weight.  Struggle, get to inhale, then the weight.  As she calmed,
never quite getting enough breath to satisfy her, she was able to form a vision
in her mind that the thing attached to her face was...probably...she
was...being...oh, the torment her nipples were receiving was ruthless,
but...breathing was...oh! 

Karen fucked herself on the slut's face for well over twenty minutes, enjoying
every second of it.  At the first stirrings of a long-deserved, high quality
orgasm, she let go of the slut's reddened and abused nipples and began pinching
her own with her left hand while she tapped the area over her clit with her
flattened right hand.  The tempo of her fucking increased in response until her
breasts were bouncing lewdly up and down on her chest, making a delicious
slapping sound that harmonized well with the wet slaps she heard each time her
hand struck her own pussy.  She felt a glowing ember deep within her become
enflamed and grow, spreading out from her pussy and culminating in a long, deep,
and shuddering crecendo that left her sweating and completely sated, at least
for the moment. 

Karen climbed off the table and looked down at the slut as the wet dildo swayed
slightly from side to side.  That had been nice.  Just right, in fact.  Not the
big one that took so much out of her and, well, might have been potentially
damaging when her bloodlust took over.   But, it was neat, tidy, quick, and
satisfying.  She padded off for a quick shower before preparing the slut to be
put back in the cage for the evening.  By the time all was complete it was
midnight and she was exhausted.  She returned to her own home to sleep and to be
there when Megan awoke from her evening in foggyland.




Chapter XIII:  A Happy Morning

Karen awoke in the morning, serenaded by the soft mewling of the hog-tied and
freshly pierced little trollop she had acquired the night before.  It was a
beautiful sound, Karen thought, so she lay still for a while, appreciating the
moment as the young girl struggled to work her way out of the drug induced fog
she had been resting comfortably in.  Karen smiled.  The little thing had no
idea...

Megan felt like she was surrounded by a huge bale of cotton.  Except for her
throbbing head and some faint, disturbing memories, she might not have been
ready to wake up.  Something was wrong...different.  She hurt all over, not just
the headache.  The pain was dull and faint, like everything seemed to be.  Her
shoulders hurt.  She tried to move, but couldn't for some reason.  She whimpered
a little.  Her nipples hurt, and her nose, and...her throat was dry.  She didn't
want to open her eyes, but something was wrong...there was something metallic in
her mouth.  It was...in her tongue?  She tried to reach it, but her hands
were...tied or something.  Her feet were cramped.  She heard a voice.

Karen crouched over the little thing, looking into her face.  "candi?  candi? 
Are you awake?"

Megan slowly focused her attention on the voice.  With some effort, she managed
to open her eyes but couldn't see anything.  She realized she was blindfolded. 
Something was in her mouth...she was gagged, too!  Someone was untying the gag,
pulling it off.  Megan croaked, then whimpered a bit more loudly.  "Where am
I?", she asked.

"You're in Florida, candi.", Karen answered as though she cared about the thing.

"My name isn't...Candy.", Megan rasped.

"Sure it is.  I've chosen that for your name.  You're candi now, with a small
"c" and an "I".  It's the perfect name for you."

Megan was challenged enough without this confusing mind game.  She was not at
all happy with anything she felt or heard.  What she was hearing was just too
bizarre.  "Wh...what is, like, going on?  Let me loose!"  She struggled weakly
against her bonds, until the effort caused her head to throb and she thought
better of it.

"What's going on?  You're waking up from a nice sleep on my floor, candi!"

Megan just couldn't comprehend.  "But...what, where am I?" 

"Hellloooo!  You're in Florida, on my floor."

"Who are you?"

"Me?  Oh.  I'm your new owner.   You may call me Mistress, although you really
won't have much occasion to speak at all before too long."  Karen looked the
piercings over for any signs of inordinate swelling.  They all looked great. 

Megan struggled again.
"There's no need for wasted effort, candi.  You'll never be free again.", Karen
said lightheartedly.

Megan went limp, then began to breath more heavily.  This couldn't be real.  It
was just a dream.  She couldn't move her legs.  God, how her feet hurt!  "You
fucking bitch!  Let me loose!"

Karen laughed at the stupidity of the insolence.  A few hours of sorting things
out would do the tasty little cunt some good.  Karen stood and made her way to
the master bathroom to get ready for what was sure to be a very busy day.



Carol awoke to someone...Miss Karen, rapping on her head.  The hood had been
left on her for the night and she remained unable to see, hear, or speak.  The
previous evening she had been so very grateful to have been used for Miss
Karen's pleasure.  She wasn't sure exactly what had happened, but she had been
treated fairly gently after suffering through a period of...having her face,
well, whatever. 

Miss Karen had freed her from her bonds and removed the dildo and plug that had
stuffed her for who knew how long.  She still felt empty.  Carol had been so
grateful for the chance to rest on top of the table for a while, allowing her
joints to recover.  She had then been led out onto the lawn and allowed to pee
before being taken to the garage and guided into the cage.  Now, she was being
guided out of it.  Her knees were especially stiff this morning.  Miss Karen
helped her to her feet and took hold of her left wrist to guide her through the
house to the back yard.  Somehow that simple thing, being led by the wrist,
caused Carol's nipples to harden and her pussy to begin to glow. 

She was placed on all fours in the lawn while Miss Karen untied the laces at the
back of the hood and eventually peeled it off.  Carol's jaw had frozen in
position around the penis gag, so it took some tugging to get it out.  The light
was a shock to her eyes, but feeling fresh air over her face after such a long
period of confinement in the hood was a genuine relief.  She felt as though she
was starving, and she was parches as well.  Neither of those concerns would
override her deep and abiding desire to serve and satisfy Miss Karen, however. 
Her new understanding had produced an eagerness to react to instructions rather
than to dread them. 

Karen looked down on the slut, and was very pleased when she rose into a
kneeling variation of the "present" position.  The whipping and it's aftermath
had apparently done the slut some good.  "Good morning, slut."

Carol was still trying to get her jaw to loosen up.  It was working, but felt
like a million needles were pricking it as the muscles controlling it came back
to life.  "GuuutmunnnunMisstess.", she answered, drooling.

"This morning you'll demonstrate for me how well you paid attention yesterday
morning.  You'll gather everything you need from the house and will prepare
yourself today as I prepared you yesterday.  Do you understand?"

"YeshMissstess.  Zisssslutunnnertans." 

"Begin.", Karen answered as she strolled toward the house to get a pot of coffee
brewing.  She spent the next hour sipping coffee, watching one of the morning
news shows, and checking on the slut in the back yard.  She really seemed to be
taking the tasks on with enthusiasm.  Well, maybe with energy.  When she
finished, she presented herself to Karen just outside the sliding glass door. 
Karen opened it and told her to enter, then directed her to climb up on the
dining room table.

Karen had the slut get on all fours in the middle of the table so that she could
inspect her.  She walked around the table slowly, admiring how the slut's
breasts presented themselves in this position.  They dangled nicely and swayed
seductively with the slightest movement.  She lightly slapped her tits and
admired how they reacted.  Karen had watched the slut dutifully cleanse herself
inside and out, and could see from the slight distension of ther belly that she
had taken the quart of ice water Karen required each morning.   

Carol was fearful of another whipping at first, but calmed down when Miss Karen
carefully positioned her so that she was resting on her elbows and lower back
with her head thrown back and her knees spread widely.  She was to keep her feet
in as close to her ass as possible, and to remain completely still while Miss
Karen ate her breakfast.

Karen sat at the end of the table facing the slut's lewdly displayed pussy,
eating a bowl of cereal and half of a grapefruit.  She had brought over the
cordless phone, placing it beside her on the table.  What a lovely sight to eat
breakfast to.  Much better than a sunset or ocean view.  She looked at her
watch.  It was 8:15 a.m.  Pushing the phone up to within reach of the slut's
hand, she said, "Call the school and tell them you're still sick."

"Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol answered respectfully.  She needed to prop herself up
on one elbow to call.  "May this slut please adjust her position, Miss Karen?",
she asked. 

That was a nice sign, Karen though.  "Yes, slut.", she answered as a rather
cruel idea popped into her mind.

The school's number was programmed into the speed dialer.  Mary answered, in the
administrative office.  As soon as Carol began to speak, Miss Karen reached
forward and began lightly tapping the back of her cold spoon against
Carol's..."cunt". 

Mary glanced furtively back and forth across the administrative lobby as though
she wasn't already aware that it was empty.  "What happened to you yesterday,
girl?", she whispered confidentially.  She had told at least a half dozen people
all that she had seen in the ladies restroom before the school day had ended. 
By noon today it would be general knowledge that one of the more attractive and
well liked teachers in the school had been seen pissing all over herself, naked,
with something in her ass. 

Hearing Mary's voice brought back all the shame and embarassment of the day
before.  Feeling Miss Karen tap her spoon against her clit was bringing back all
of the horniness.  "Oh, I, ah..."  Tap.  Carol inhaled deeply.  "I was, ah..." 
Tap.  Mmm.  She tried not to look at Mistress but was too weak to avoid it. 
Those beautiful eyes were staring back at her.  It was a challenge.  A test. 
Could she follow her instructions despite whatever distractions were presented?
Tap.  "I'm very sick, Mary.  But, I've got..."  Tap.  "I've got medicine now
so..."  Tap.  Ooohhh that one touched her clit.  "...I should be better soon
but..."  Tap.  "I'm not going to be..."  Tap.  "Ahhh! I can't work today."  Tap. 
She was wet now, and hot. "So...I'll let you know..."  Tap.  "Uhhh...tomorrow if
I'll be in okay?"  Tap.

The line went dead.  That was strange.  Not at all like Carol, all talkative and
friendly like she was.  What was going on with that girl?  Mary couldn't wait
until Principal Parker arrived so that she could tell him. 

Carefully placing the phone back in the exact position from which she had taken
it on the table, Carol breathlessly asked, "May this slut...resume her
previous...position...Miss Karen?"
Karen was focused on the slut's cunt.  She continued tapping with the spoon,
slightly increasing the force with which it struck.  The slut was quick to
become wet, and her clit was substantial enough to peek at Karen almost as soon
as she had invited it to play.  Keeping them stuffed and bound for a few hours
always got their attention, but it was the whipping that Karen knew had really
brought on the improved attentiveness.  The angry welts that had been so well
placed the previous evening had faded almost to invisibility.  Karen thought
they'd be gone by noon, but you never quite knew. 

She wondered if or when the slut would give up the fact that she had a little
sister in the area.  Karen had no intention of ruining what could be some
wonderful fun by mentioning that the slut's little sister was a fine tasting
lesbian slave.  She would be using the slut to buy time and create a cover for
the sister's disappearing act.  It was a fun game, this off-time world she had
created.  Stimulating both mentally and sexually, and it really did provide for
better performance on the job.

The slut was squeeling just a little every time her little red bud was struck by
the spoon.  Her breathing had become heavy while she was still on the phone. 
Karen felt herself growing warm as well, but the day was to be a long and
interesting one, and there would be plenty of titillation in it for her.  The
slut was doing an admirable job of remaining perfectly still as instructed.  She
was even showing a bit of advanced thinking in not repeating her question as
though Karen hadn't heard it.  A question asked by such as her need not be
answered.  She was lucky she had the freedom to speak at all.  Little sister
would find it a rare privilege.

Carol was exceptionally aroused by the now repeated slapping of the back of the
spoon against her clit.  Each time it hit she thought she might cum, but the
timing and the pressure were just not enough to bring her over the top.  Miss
Karen was playing her body as though it were an instrument.  Carol knew she was
both the beneficiary of the pleasure she was feeling but also the victim of what
she could expect to be an unrewarding outcome.  She had taught herself while
bound to the table that it needed to be about Miss Karen.  Totally.  Carol knew
she had to put her own wants and desires completely away in order to fully
satisfy her Mistress.  That was a nice concept when she was tied and stuffed,
she thought.  It was a bit more difficult to rely on when you were splayed out
on a table, having your cunt slapped with a spoon.

Just as spontaneously as Karen had started toying with the slut's cunt, she
stopped.  Holding the spoon up toward the slut's face, she simply ordered,
"Lick."

Carol started to close her mouth over the spoon, then remembered she needed to
pay closer attention to the specific instructions.  "Lick" meant "Lick".  So,
she quickly dragged her tongue over the length of the spoon as Miss Karen held
it for her, until all of her juices were cleaned from it.  She was disappointed
to see Miss Karen put the spoon in the sink and get a clean one out.  Did she
disgust Miss Karen? 

As Karen was returning to her seat, she decided to let the slut have some
breakfast.  "I believe there is a nice cucumber in the fridge, slut.  Get it and
return to your position."  The slut didn't hesitate and responded
enthusiastically, as well she should.  It had been thirty six hours or more
since anything had gone into her stomach other than water and sperm. 

Carol was back up on the table in a flash, putting herself in exactly the same
position Miss Karen had wanted her in before she called the school.  She waited
calmly, wondering how she could have lost every trace of modesty she ever had in
such a short period of time.  She looked up at the ceiling thinking how repelled
she would have been just two days prior at the thought of being a nude
centerpiece for a...well, another woman.

Karen finished the cereal and started eating the grapefruit.  "Get that cucumber
in your cunt, slut.", she ordered after a few minutes.

Oh, God!  Carol knew this feeling...of being trapped.  She could never...she had
done some really bad things for this woman, but...could she?  Her breath escaped
her as though a great weight had settled on her chest.  At the same time, her
nipples betrayed her by standing straight out as proudly as a palace guard. 
"Yes, Miss Karen.", she replied evenly, as though it was no big deal.  She would
be fine.  It was a large cucumber though...not as long as, well.  It was very
big around, but...

She moved the cucumber down between her legs, tentatively placing the smallest
end of it up against her lips.  It was so cold.  This was so...wrong and...so
bizarre.  She stole a glance at Miss Karen and realized she wasn't even
watching.  The grapefruit meant more to her at the moment than what she was
doing to Carol.  It would be okay.  It was always okay.  She didn't have a
choice, so why not just...do it?

Carol applied a bit of pressure and found her pussy well stretched from the
hours of being stuffed the night before.  Her lips parted easily to accommodate
the thing.  Although it was quite large and did challenger her...cunt...(she was
finding it easier to think of that part of her as Miss Karen wanted now)...she
was able to inch it ever deeper until all but a little nub was inside her.  The
thing was soooo cold, but it was warming up.  She was, too.  It felt wickedly
delicious to be so filled again.  Miss Karen always knew best. 

Karen spent a few minutes finishing the grapefruit before pushing her chair back
and standing.  She carried the bowls and spoon over to the sink.  "Lay flat on
your back with your arms resting at your sides and your legs together.  If that
thing comes out  before I want it to you'll have nothing to eat today."  She
left and went into the garage.  All was proceeding as might be expected.  Slut
thought she had it all figured out and that if only she were accomodating enough
she would have it easier.  That was proper and expected at this stage, but far
from the reality.  A slave's life should never be free of challenges, at least
those that had some purpose other than simple labor. 

Carol had replied as was expected before following the instruction.  She was
clamping down  with all the strength she could muster in keeping the cucumber
inside her.  She was in no way resting as every muscle in her body was rigid as
she concentrated on the task.  She was so hungry, and so horny.  She just wanted
to please Miss Karen and to not be...whipped again.
As Karen sipped coffee and kicked around the slut's pile of clothes, she tallied
up the list of things that needed to be done that day.  Slut hadn't finished
cutting the grass yesterday.  That would need to be corrected.  All of the
supplies from her morning preparations needed to be put up.  The garage was a
mess and needed organized.  Karen needed to have the moving company deliver her
"stuff" - the balance of a lifetime collection of bondage furniture and
accoutrements.  The slut's house needed cleaning.  She smiled to herself.  There
needed to be time for shopping or a trip to the beach as well.  What good was it
to be free from work for the summer without shopping or going to the beach?

As for slut herself, Karen wanted to get her exercising today...perhaps a nice
long run?  She also wanted her hair dyed and cut today.  She'd look much better
as a glimmering blonde.  It would go well with her average brain. 

With her foot, Karen kicked aside a gray atheletic bra and matching bike shorts. 
Moisture was highly visible on gray cotton.  The slut's nipples would show
nicely through the bra top.

She spent a while kicking through the slut's shoes before returning to the
dining room.

"Get up now and go to the back deck.  Take that thing out and enjoy it as your
breakfast.  You'll place it on the deck and kneel with your hands behind your
back and eat it using only your mouth.  Do you understand?"

Carol's first thought on hearing the instruction was not one of blissful
servitude to her Mistress.  She had been well tormented already this morning. 
After having her pussy, or cunt, tapped incessantly with a spoon until she was
on the verge of ecstasy she had been made to force a cucumber into herself and
hold it there.  While certainly preferable to the public humiliations she had
suffered, this was not going to be a day full of pleasantries.  "Yes, Miss
Karen.", she answered while rising dutifully from atop the table.

Karen followed as the slut waddled quickly toward the back of the house.  She
pressed a hand against her pussy to keep the thing from popping out.  Karen was
satisfied to see she was getting through again.  Slut's face was crimson when
she got into position on the back deck and gave birth to the slick, now warm
cucumber.  The expression of distates on her face as she placed the thing on the
deck and knelt over it was a delight, although it would be unacceptable in, oh,
two or three weeks.  Regardless, the slut was getting her nourishment for the
day.  There were pounds to be lost.

The last few bites of cucumber were encrusted with dirt that had stuck to it
while she tried to eat it without the use of her hands.  She had tasted herself
before, but somehow the idea of eating a cucumber that had been inside her was
respulsitve.  Fear of a whipping as well as a yearning hunger overcame her
resistance, though.  She felt better when it was over.  At least she had eaten
something. 

Miss Karen ordered her to clean up all of the supplies in the back yard, then to
find her in the house for additional duties.  Karen scurried naked around the
back yard, trying to minimize the number of trips she had to make through the
house to return items to the garage.  It was going to be another exceptionally
hot day. There was no breeze and it was very humid.  By the time she had
finished the current task, she had to pee.  She searched out and found Miss
Karen reading a magazine in the living room.   She assumed her proper position
to wait for further instructions. 

"What's your cup size, slut?", Karen asked while turning a page.

"Uh.  This slut is a C cup, Miss Karen.", Carol answered.

"Thirty-six?"

"Yes, Miss Karen."

Carol stole a few glances at Miss Karen to measure her mood.  She seemed happy,
but was almost impossible to read.  She looked great in her jeans and the cotton
sleeveless t-shirt she wore.  She was carefully skimming through the magazine. 
It looked like Woman's Day.

"Have you ever had those tits whipped, slut?"

It was almost as though she were asking if Carol preferred cherry pie or apple. 
The fear factor rose instantly in Carol.  "Um...No, Miss Karen."

"Did you enjoy your breakfast?"

"Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol thought for a moment, then added, "Thank you, ma'am." 
It brought a slight smile to Miss Karen's lips.  Carol like to see her smile. 

"Have you ever had sex with a woman, slut?"

Carol's fear began to ease...there was hope this could lead to...something. 
"Um,  No, Miss Karen."

"Have you ever kissed a woman?"

"Yes, Miss Karen."

Carol watched her Mistress turn a page, intently searching the new pages for
anything of interest.  She seemed genuinely bored.  But, how could she be? 
Carol's nipples were hard and her...cunt...was beginning to overflow to her
upper thighs. 

"When?"

"In college, Miss Karen.", Carol answered.

"When?"

Carol was angry with herself for not thinking as she should.  "In, nineteen
ninety eight, Miss Karen."

Karen began reading a cooking article about regional cuisine in the Outer Banks
of North Carolina.  It was interesting, so she completed it.
Time seemed to stand completely still for Carol.  Her cunt was continually
reminding her that it was neglected by oozing more and more wetness out over her
thighs.  Oh, how she wished she could just...

"Who did you kiss?", Karen asked after five minutes of reading.

"A girl at a party, Miss Karen."

"Who did you kiss?"

Carol was feeling very stupid for continuing to fail to answer the questions
accurately.  She desperately hoped she would not be punished.  She was trying,
after all!

"I...sorry.  This slut never knew her name, Miss Karen."

"A stranger at a party then?", Karen asked without looking up. 

"Yes, Miss Karen."

"Tell me about it, quickly.", Karen turned a page.  She wasn't at all happy that
time was passing and nothing was getting done, but for the moment she was
enjoying this line of questioning, mainly because it would expose what the slut
was willing to reveal about something very personal.  A simple measure, well
worth the time.

"Um, this slut was at a house party.  I had to pee so I went.  Um, I had to pee
so this slut.  Sorry!", Carol was becoming flustered at the frequency of her
mistakes.  "This slut had to pee so this slut went into the bathroom.  There was
a girl there, snorting coke.  She pushed me...she pushed this slut against the
wall and kissed...this slut.  Miss Karen."

"Did it make your cunt wet?"

"Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol replied honestly.

Karen closed the magazine and tossed it onto an end table.  "Very nice.", she
said.  "Go to your special room and dye your hair now.  Come see me when you
have it applied and are waiting for it to take."

Carol remembered the pared down guest bathroom without anything left in it but
the platinum blonde dye she had been made to purchase.  "Yes, Miss Karen.", she
answered as she moved quickly toward the room.  Blonde hair?  It wasn't a big
surprise...it had been purchased for a reason, Carol knew.  She just hadn't
prepared herself for...the thought of being a blonde. 

Early morning hours were slow to pass, Karen thought.  Soon enough she'd be
sleeping in, and all of this work would be paying it's dividends.  She stood and
stretched, then wandered through the house surveying what she would keep and
what would be discarded.  The slut or her husband had average tastes.  There was
little in the home of real value.  Some run of the mill figurine collections and
the like.  They always moved quickly in yard sales. 

The slut found her quickly enough, getting into position at a respectable
distance.  The plastic cap on her head in conjunction with the distressed look
on her face were humorous.  It was a distressing thing for a woman to have her
hair taken away from her.  The slut was fortunate that she was only undergoing a
hair coloring rather than a shearing like her little sister. 

The hair color change would support an assumption of some sort of personality
issue or other significant personal change in the slut's life that would be
helpful later if Karen did choose to take her permanently.  Everything leaned
that way, but the addition of the sister definitely increased the risk.  Having
multiple contingencies was always a key, so continuing to support an eventual
conscious decision for a major life change in the slut's future could be quite
useful. 

"While the color sets, you need to finish cutting the grass, slut.  I hope you
don't take too long and ruin your hair.  Go put on the bike shorts and top I set
aside in the garage, and do it."

"Yes, Miss Karen."  Carol moved quickly.  She knew about how much grass was left
to be cut, and that wasn't a problem.  The issue was whether the mower would
start easily. 

Carol found the clothing items in the garage and pulled them on quickly.  The
little gray shorts and bra top were a real improvement over the practically
transparent bikini she had to wear the day before.  She started to pull on a
pair of shoes then thought better of it.  They hadn't been specifically
mentioned. 

The mower started with little difficulty, but Carol became very self conscious
when she noticed some of the neighbors looking out at her through parted drapes. 
It was too early to be cutting grass in that neighborhood, but what had aroused
their curiosity was that she was home when she should have been working, and was
wearing such skimpy clothes to cut the grass.  Carol was known as a
conservative, friendly, good neighbor.  She knew they were likely wondering
about the plastic bag on her head, too.  It was better to be cutting the grass
in the middle of the day when nobody was home than now.  She hoped nobody would
decide to come over for a chat.  That wouldn't be good. 

She also thought about Megan and worried that she would have to tell Miss Karen
about her.   She had no idea when she would be back from Orlando, but worried
what would happen if she came back at the wrong time.  There was no right time,
Carol thought.  This was nonstop...not like she got evenings off from
this...whatever.  She looked down at ther thighs to see if the welts were still
visible.  That had hurt worse than anything in her life, that...whipping.  She
remembered Miss Karen's earlier question about if her tits had ever been
whipped.  Would Miss Karen expect her to tell about Megan?  Yes.  So, she would
have to tell her.  How and when became foremost in Carol's mind as she finished
the last strip of lawn and put the mower away in the garage.

When Carol presented herself to Miss Karen she was ordered to go complete the
hair color change and to return to her.  She quickly completed washing out the
remaining residue but could not comb her hair out as no comb or brush was left
in the small bathroom by Miss Karen.  So, she ran her fingers through it even as
it kinked up into a knotted mess.  It was blonde, very blonde.  It had an effect
on Carol that she couldn't have expected.  Looking in the mirror to see a
stranger looking back had an effect on her body.  Like so many other
circumstances that were arousing her sexual cravings with so much frequency,
this was to be no exception.  She felt her pussy beginning to throb and could
watch as her nipples pressed outward against the thin fabric of the worn bra
top.  Better get out of here before I'm tempted, Carol thought.  She returned to
the presence of Miss Karen and assumed her proper position. 

Karen was very pleased with the hair color.  It was bimbo blonde - a shade that
no one would ever believe was natural.  Perfect for the slut.  It would
compliment her implants, when they could be done.  Karen noticed the slut was
beginning to darken up the shorts where her cunt was beginning to leak.  She did
have a slut's appetite for sex and Karen knew all too well how to help expose it
until it was laid bare for all to see. 

"Time for your morning run, slut.  Go put on a pair of running shoes.  No
socks.", Karen went on to explain the route the slut was to take, which was a
very public one of about four miles.  She then told her that when she completed
the run, to assume her position on Karen's front porch, facing the door.

What alarmed Carol was the time limit Miss Karen placed on her.  If she was a
runner as she claimed to be, Miss Karen said, she would have no problem being in
that same spot thirty-three minutes from now.  Miss Karen had looked at her
watch and simply said, "Go." 

Carol had wanted to say something about how she always doubled up her bra tops
because her breasts were too large for just one.  Two would keep them in place
so that she could enjoy the run without putting on some sort of obscene display. 
But, she hadn't been given an opportunity to speak and was never sure if or when
she would be.  To avoid another whipping...especially a tit whipping...she
hurried to the garage and put her shoes on.  Four miles?  In this heat?  With
this old bra top?  Carol knew she had to do it.  She stretched quickly and made
her way to the bottom of the driveway before starting off at a steady but
quicker than normal pace.  Right away she knew she was going to have problems
because her breasts, or "tits", as she was to refer to them,  began to bounce
wildly with each stride.  She tried running with her upper arms pressed in
toward her body to control them, but that didn't work.  She placed her hands
over them to press them down as she ran, but could only manage it at the cost of
her speed and when it didn't seem like anyone would see her.  Her nipples had
extended to their full length from friction against the top, and even as she ran
she felt her cunt growing ever hotter.  It was a new feeling to be running with
a shaved cunt and no panties...not at all a bad one if she were on a treadmill
at home.  This was going to be horrible, she thought as a smile formed on her
lips and she picked up the pace a bit.



Karen returned home to prepare for a little fun.  As soon as she entered she
heard the little lesbian teenager moaning in the hallway outside her bedroom. 
She had probably come completely out of her drugged stupor and was simply
whimpering over the fresh holes in her body.  They were all so weak.

The thing had managed to move a few feet toward the back of the house.  Not an
easy task when hogtied as strictly as Karen had bound this one.  She was a
lively one.  Quite alert, as well.  Her bald little head snapped quickly up when
Karen spoke. 

"Fuck you!", Megan snapped.

"Now, now, candi.  No need to..."

"Fuck you!  Let me go!", Megan screamed.  She was terrified.

Karen stepped into her bedroom to retrieve her smaller dog whip and to get the
toolbox.  She placed the box beside candi, ensuring that it would be in full
view, then removed the girl's blindfold. 

Megan squinted as her eyes adjusted to the light.  She looked up to see...the
lady looked familiar...but her memory was so disjointed.  She remembered being
kissed alongside the highway.  She was pretty.  She drove a black jag.  She was
holding something, slapping it against her leg.  It was...a whip?

Karen waited until her little trollop's eyes bulged in recognition of her little
friend the dogwhip.  "It makes me wet to think of whipping those little titties
of yours, candi.", Karen said casually.  No response.  "Are you going to make
things as difficult as possible or are we going to get along?"

"What did you do to me?", Megan asked before breaking down into heaving sobs. 

"Umm.  Duh!?", Karen said mockingly.  "I captured you.  I ate you.  I shaved
you.  I pierced you.  And...Oh, yes, I hogtied you. I think that about covers
it." 

"But, why?  Why why why?", Megan cried.  "Oh!  God!  My feet hurt soooo much!"

For all the butch bravado of the afternoon before, this one wasn't showing much
now, Karen thought.  She bent down and quickly rolled candi over onto her face,
causing the girl to scream as the fresh piercings came into contact with the
carpet.  Karen quickly untied the bindings that had secured her ankles to her
feet, leaving her wrists bound behind her back and her ankles tied together but
allowing her access to that little, squirming  ass.  She raised the dogwhip high
over her head and struck with furious intent over both cheeks and the back of
the legs twenty times.  More than enough to provide for an improved atmosphere
of cooperation. 

She rolled candi over and pulled out a small brass padlock and a pair of
forceps.  As candi cried, she took advantage of the open mouth and closed eyes
to reach in with the forceps and pull that little tongue out and up.  Slipping
the open padlock through the rings in the tip of the girl's tongue and through
her nose was a bit difficult since the tongue was so short, but with some extra
effort she managed to secure it.  This was her preferred method of gagging.  It
didn't stop noisemaking, but talking was a bit difficult for them when their
tongues were locked to their noses.  Especially when the piercings were fresh. 
The girl squeeled like a little pig, but that was to be expected.

Karen dragged candi the short distance down the hall and into her guest bedroom. 
The queen bed there hadn't been made up, but Karen lifted the girl onto the bare
mattress and tied her spread eagled, face up.  The whimpering had lessened a bit
and the girl's eyes were communicating fear rather than hatred now.   Karen
showed her the whip again.  "What would twenty feel like across the front,
candi?"

Megan shook her head vigorously.  Anything but that.  Anything.  She pled with
her eyes, hoping for mercy.

"How about we make a deal?  How about you lay here and rest quietly for a while. 
If you're good, you'll get your cunt licked.  If you whimper, squeel, or
otherwise act up I'll give you a real thrashing and you'll spend the rest of the
day with a broomstick up your ass?" 

Megan shook her head, saying "no" with her eyes.  No thrashing.  No broomstick. 
She would be good.  She looked up at the ceiling, willing herself to calm down
and be quiet.
The lady put the whip on her stomach and walked out of the room.  Megan sighed,
feeling as though she had dodged a major bullet.  Now she hurt
everywhere...nose, tongue nipples, navel, pussy, her ass and the back of her
legs, and her feet.  How did this happen?  She asked herself a dozen questions
to which there was no answer.  All she could do was wait, quietly.



Karen took advantage of the spare time to give the moving company a haul.  Candi
would look great on her wooden pony, or maybe suspended upside down on her
pivoting frame. 

Carol rounded the corner for the last half mile to Miss Karen's house.  She had
no idea if she was going to make it in time or not, so ran as fast as her body
would carry her over the final distance.  It had been terrible.  She had first
noticed a dark spot of dampness spreading over her cunt and down her thighs
after only five minutes of running.  That, along with the fact that she had to
hold her tits down while she ran, attracted so much attention that men were
honking at her and traffic had even slowed at a couple of locations. The last
mile of the run was very uncomforatble after she realized that she had to pee.
When she finally stopped at the end of Miss Karen's driveway she thought her
legs might give out.   She walked up to the small entry area and assumed her
position facing the door as instructed.  It was a struggle to catch her breath,
but the anxiety of standing with her legs spread and hands behind her neck in
full view of the neighbors was truly distressing.

Karen hadn't bothered to measure the slut's time.  The slut didn't know if she
had made it, and that was all Karen needed or wanted.  She let the slut stand on
the porch for a good five minutes before opening the door a crack.

"Three choices.", Karen began.

Oh, God, Carol thought.  She didn't like Miss Karen's choice game. 

"One hundred jumping jacks facing the street at the end of your driveway."

Carol knew that would completely expose her breasts as they flopped out of the
old, thin bra top she was wearing.  The neighbors would probably call a psych
ward somewhere and have her taken away.  She couldn't do that.  

"A nice tit whipping."

No.  Absolutely not, Carol thought.  No way.

"Or, you spend the morning learning how to properly lick a cunt."

Karen could see the slut's eyes light up.  Maybe she wasn't such a cock whore
afterall.

"Am I to guess you would choose the last option?", Karen asked.

"Yes Mistress. Please!"  Carol answered enthusiastically.

"Do you understand that if you fail to please me in any way, I will whip your
tits as punishment?"

"Yes, Miss Karen."  Carol's enthusiasm was now tempered with genuine fear and
determination to satisfy her...her...owner.

Karen opened the door to allow the slut to enter, but had her stop and strip in
the entry.  She kicked the slut's nasty shorts, top, and shoes out onto the
small porch before pushing the door closed.  There was no sense in having them
stink up the house. 

Carol wondered if the feelings that washed over her when she was near Miss Karen
would ever become familiar.  Her nipples always hardened and her cunt inevitably
flowed freely each time she was under close supervision.  Now, naked and exposed
in the position she was expected to assume in such circumstances, she had the
added enticement of the thought of satisfying Miss Karen sexually for the first
time. 

Karen handcuffed the slut and tied short lengths of rope around her ankles
before blindfolding her and guiding her into the bedroom where candi lay. 

Megan had heard some talking but couldn't makeit out from her location.  She was
fearful of everything, but most of all of being whipped again.  When she looked
down over her body at the doorway and saw the lady leading someone...who? 
Carol!  Even with the blindfold on and her hair dyed blonde Megan could easily
identify her sister by those nipples.  Oh my God!, Megan thought.  She shook her
head quickly from side to side, silently pleading with the wicked lady.  She got
a disaffected smile and a wave of the hand in reply.  She  glanced down at the
dog whip she had placed on Megan's stomach and quickly back into Megan's eyes,
communicating a threat that meant business. 

Karen positioned the slut at the end of the bed and kicked her her legs out as
widely as she could before securing her ankles at each corner.  Next she took
hold of her hair and slowly guided her forward and down until her torso rested
on the bottom portion of the bed, between candi's widely splayed legs.  Karen
held the slut's head up by the hair so that she would not come into contact with
the sweet cunt until it was time to allow her. 

"You have not shown yourself to be worthy of satisfying me yet, slut.  But, I
have arranged for you to learn how to eat cunt by supplying you with one of the
sweetest I have ever tasted to practice on.  I will supervise you very closely. 
You'll be licking candi's cunt.  Say hello, candi."  Karen glared at the little
bitch.

"Uhhhnnn. Uhhhnnn."

"Candi happens to be speechless at the moment slut.  Say hello to candi."

"Hello...candi.", Carol said in compliance, her voice quavering.  This was not
what she expected, but she told herself, yet again, that it wasn't about her. 
She knew she should not have expectations.  She smelled candi's cunt and felt
her own begin to throb in anticipation. 

"Your objective is to torment this poor slave for the next two hours without
allowing an orgasm.  My little whip is on her stomach.  If she cums or if you
cum, or I hear a word exchanged between the two of you, you'll be whipped
severely. If you perform this task well, you'll be rewarded.  Do you
understand?"  Karen shook her by the hair for effect.

"Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol answered breathlessly.

"Good, now extend your tongue it's full length..."




CHAPTER XIV: Last Day of School Part I.

Karen sipped her coffee, watching one of the network morning shows while slut
labored away in the back yard, preparing herself as she had been taught.  Over
the last couple of days Karen had compressed the allotted time to squeeze as
much efficiency out of the slut as she could.  This morning she had allowed only
thirty minutes, which she knew, would be a challenge. 

It was slut's last day as a teacher, at least in this lifetime, Karen thought. 
The last two days had been fairly uneventful.  Karen wanted to be careful not to
put so much stress on the slut that she would break under the pressure.  A
repeat of the humiliation she had suffered in the teacher's restroom wasn't
necessary.  So, she had sent the young teacher off in revealing clothes and
simple instructions not to sit or eat all day.  She had decided not to keep the
"chokercam" installed for the simple reason that multiple days of wearing it
would surely attract unwanted attention.  Instead, Karen had installed a
listening device on the small purse she let the slut carry.  It transmitted to
the relay she had installed in the slut's car, which sent the signal in turn to
the receiver Karen had worn in her ear during the day.  So, she could keep tabs
on developments while still enjoying the freedom to pursue other interests.  The
slut had carried only her cellphone in the little purse as well as her keys. 
She was not given any ID or money for the day.

She had sent the slut off on Wednesday in a slinky cocktail dress and a pair of
black pumps with no hose, panties, or bra.  Thursday she was dressed in a red
spandex miniskirt and a tight white polyester sleeveless top.  Karen had been
quite amused when the slut was called to the principal's office and questioned
about her attire.  She had done well enough, especially given her guidelines to
be agreeable to everything anyone might suggest and to avoid any conflicts. 
Karen realized the principal had no desire whatsoever to see the slut in more
professional attire.  He was entirely content to leave things as they were,
mainly because he was enjoying looking at the slut.  He had to go through the
motions of calling her in to maintain his credibility with the rest of the
staff, and had solved the problem by putting the slut on formal notice.  With
that as motivation, Karen had gone shopping with the slut's credit card and had
purchased her outfit for today.

Karen glanced out through the sliding doors and could see the slut had taken her
peeing position.  The rule was she could not release until granted permission. 
Karen got up and strolled quickly over to the glass so the slut could see her
from out in the yard.  She waved, signaling that it was okay to empty herself on
the assigned spot.  Without waiting for a result, Karen returned to the couch
and her coffee.

This was the last real day that the slut would be participating in her old life. 
Well, there would be some touches with it in the coming weeks, but this was it
as far as employment.  Karen was looking forward to being able to concentrate
more intently on the slut's training so that she could begin to derive the
benefits of being on vacation and having, well, two women to keep her
entertained.

Karen had been enjoying the slut's sister Megan, whom she had renamed candi. 
The little thing had provided hours of entertainment over the past couple of
days.  Today would be no exception.  It was nice to have one all to yourself. 
She still needed to get rid of the car down south, but would probably do that
after her "slavesitter" arrived.  Karen smiled at the thought.  She had been
looking forward to seeing her friend Tawny for months.  Finally being able to
call and invite her for a visit was a relief.  Karen would give her the use of
the slut's house while she made a delivery and arranged for candi's car to
disappear permanently.  Tawny had acquired another slave, bringing her total to
three, and she planned to bring all of them.  Karen remembered henry and amy
well even though it had been two years since she had last seen them.  She looked
forward to matching up slut with henry, whose erect penis was legendary.

Eventually the slut appeared outside the sliding door, looking clean and smooth,
with those lusciously long nipples standing straight out from her full, heaving
breasts.  Karen motioned for her to enter.  She did quickly, then moved to the
"present" position next to Karen.  Karen idly passed the back of her hand over
the slut's mound and her inner thighs, halfheartedly checking to make sure there
was no sign of hair.  She reached between her legs to ensure the larger anal
plug was in place.  The slut inhaled deeply as she was touched, a good sign that
Karen had succeeded at keeping her in a high state of desire. 

"I have some surprises for you today, slut.  Go get the bags that are laying on
the guest bed."

"Yes, Miss Karen," slut answered before moving off toward the guest bedroom.

Karen noted that the slut was at least trying to control her movements better. 
She had spent a bit of time going over the need to appear graceful and to be
enticing in how she moved.  There was less of the unpleasant jiggling now, but
more work needed to be done. 

When she returned, Karen had her dump the contents out onto the coffee table,
then told her to kneel in front of her.  Karen reached forward and inserted her
thumb in the slut's mouth.  It was accepted eagerly and was being licked and
sucked as Karen began her overview of what was to happen today.

"I've bought you a nice, slutty schoolgirl outfit.  You will attract a lot of
attention today.  As usual, you will be agreeable to everything that is
suggested to you, and you won't get into conflict with anyone.  You will not eat
and you will not sit.  Your assignment for today is to get the phone numbers of
the five cutest boys in the senior class by asking them directly.  I'm providing
you a set of ben-wa balls.  They will torment your pussy for me all day so that
you arrive home this afternoon in an agreeable mood.  Of course, you know you
may not touch yourself in any way without permission and you certainly may not
have an orgasm under any circumstances."  Karen's own juices were beginning to
flow a bit from the pleasant treatment her thumb was getting.  "Do you
understand?"

"Ummph, Mfff Kgggnn.", slut answered.

"Good." Karen slipped her tongue out of the slut's mouth and motioned toward the
table.  "The small box there, open it."

She then proceeded to supervise the slut as she inserted the ben-wa balls into
her wet pussy and got dressed in her new outfit.  Karen had purchased it at one
of the downtown stores that catered to hookers and cheating housewives and were
known for the outrageous outfits they featured. She could tell by the blush on
the slut's face that it was having the desired affect.  She looked deliciously
whorish.  Karen told her to walk around the room to get her accustomed to the
weight and vibration of the metal balls sliding around in her cunt.



Carol was nearly beside herself with desire.  She had been relentlessly
tormented in one way or another for days.  The shame she had felt through the
previous two days of work were nothing compared to what today would surely
bring. Thankfully it was the last of the school year.  She had no idea how she
could go to work in such a slutty outfit.  The tops of the white stockings
weren't quite covered by the pleated navy blue miniskirt.  The white oxford
shirt was too small to begin with, but Miss Karen had cut off all the buttons
and made her tie it up in a knot in front just under her breasts.  The five inch
pumps completed the look, with the exception of Miss Karen's remaining
instructions for makeup, her hair, and jewelry. 

As she strolled around the room with Miss Karen watching, she realized the
torture she was going to experience all day with the little golden balls inside
her.  They felt so...heavy and unnatural as they moved around inside her with
even the smallest motion on her part.  When they came in contact with each other
she felt a slight vibration, which would have been a wonderful sensation if she
weren't aware of the fact that it was going to happen in front of classrooms
full of students, all day long.  Even worse was the fact that Miss Karen had
made her insert the largest of the three anal plugs as part of her morning's
preparation.  She had gotten accustomed to being filled there, but this one was
so much larger around the base that she wondered how she'd ever get her mind off
it.  As usual, she was wearing no bra or panties.  She could see the distinct
outline of her nipples in the fabric of the shirt when she stole a quick glance
down, and was sure her...cunt...was already dampening the stockings.  Before
being ordered to do something else, she placed her right hand over her mouth as
she strolled back and forth, back and forth, in front of Miss Karen.  It was the
way that she had been taught to request permission to speak. 

"You'll need to swing those hips just a bit more, slut," Karen told her.  "And
arch your back.  That's it.  Much better."

Carol was so afraid of what would happen when she told Miss Karen about Megan. 
She had been putting it off for days, and was both surprised and worried that
Megan hadn't returned or called.  She had to tell Miss Karen to avoid a, well, a
situation.  She half thought that if Miss Karen became enraged and punished her,
at least she might not have to go to school that morning.  She was morbidly
afraid of being whipped again, but would prefer that to going to work, if, that
is, she had any choice. 

Karen held up her cup.  "Go fill my cup up, slut.  Then I'll hear you."

Carol smiled. "Yes, Miss Karen," she replied.  Her request was being granted! 
She hadn't had many opportunities to request much over the past few days, but
had learned that she was more likely to be ignored or to have her request denied
as she was to have it granted.  She hurried off to the kitchen in the short,
feminine steps that Miss Karen had been training her to take. 

When she returned she handed Miss Karen the coffee using both hands, as she had
been taught, and assumed her waiting position. 

Miss Karen took a long sip.

"You have ten seconds.  Speak."  Karen looked at her watch to time the slut.

Carol drew a breath.  Her voice quavered as she began.  "Yes, Miss Karen.  This
slut has a sister.  A...little sister who was visiting...this slut when Miss
Karen, ah, when Miss Karen invited this slut over...to her house and my, er,
this slut's sister went away for a few days but might be returning soon and...

Karen held her hand up, indicating that the allotted time had expired.  She had
thought the slut would never mention little sister because she didn't have the
nerve.  Clearly the thought of the humiliation she was about to suffer at school
was a motivating factor to breaking the news of the existence of a little
sister.  Little did slut know that she had spent hours learning how to eat pussy
on her little sister.  But, Karen couldn't give her any indication of any
knowledge of Megan.  Not while she could use the situation for her own purposes.

"When do you expect this...little sister back?" Karen asked as though she were
deeply perturbed. 

"Um.  Anytime, Miss Karen." Carol answered hopefully.

"I see.  So, you held this information back from me knowing that anytime your
little sister could show up?"

"Um...I, oh, this slut didn't, ah."  Carol was stammering.  As much as she had
tried to come up with an excuse for not saying anything, she had been
unsuccessful.

"Uh huh."  Karen muttered.  "I will have to consider how you should make this up
to me.  This is a complication.  A MAJOR complication!" , she yelled.  By the
look of fear in the slut's eyes she had pulled off another command performance,
but that was par for the course, Karen thought. 

"Slutty schoolgirls should wear ponytails and violet eye shadow.  Go do it."

"Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol answered nervously.  She moved quickly to the small
guest bathroom which Miss Karen required her to use to apply her makeup.  In
only a few minutes she was made up as she had been shown and pulled her hair
into a tight ponytail.  She returned to Miss Karen for further instructions and
was sent off to school with a dismissive flick of the hand and a contemptuous
look.  It did not bode well for the afternoon, but Carol's immediate concern was
how she was going to get through the school day.  At least Miss Karen had
overlooked making her wear the gaudy jewelry that she had been adorned with the
past two days. 

Carol picked up the small clutch containing the cellphone and a single car key
and exited the house locking herself out of her own home as she closed the door. 
The little balls that were rolling around inside her while she walked were
making her knees weak.  She had no clue how she was going to get through the
next hour, let alone the rest of the day.  It seemed that every succeeding day
under Miss Karen's control was more difficult.  At the same time, every day drew
her deeper and deeper into her submission to the woman that she was already
obeying without question.  She never felt more alive, more horny, or more
willing to go to extreme measures to make someone else happy.  When she got into
the car the pressure of the large anal plug pushing more deeply into her along
with the feeling of the vinyl seats against her naked ass, pussy, and legs drove
her to distraction.  If only she could...no, it's best not to think of the "if
only's", she reminded herself.  Concentrate on what is.  It's time to drive to
work.  Just do that for now.  With her mind temporarily cleared, she pulled the
single key out of the clutch and started the car for the drive to work.



Karen complimented herself for her handling of the slut's announcement that she
had a little sister who might be in the area.  Little did the slut know she had
been learning how to eat pussy on her little sister for the last three days. 
Oh!  The joyous nuances of being a superior human being, Karen thought.  Slut
also was not aware that Karen had elicited a number of deeply intimate
confessions from little candi; the result of a nice cocktail of
inhibition-melting drugs and a few hours of stroking, pinching, and twisting the
little thing's flesh as encouragement.  Megan had been adopted as a small baby,
so hadn't suffered any of the adjustments that older children need to make to
conform to a new family's culture.  But, she had grown up knowing she was
adopted and being made to feel that she was a second rate human being because of
it.  Her adoptive sister, Carol, was much older and had been an only child for
ten years before Megan arrived in the family as a baby.  Carol, it turns out,
had quite a cruel streak in her when it came to the treatment of her little
sister. 

Candi had told Karen through her groggy haze that her big sister had called her
"cunt licker" nearly all her life.  Carol had made the poor little thing lick
her to orgasm so many times that candi couldn't even estimate a number.  Their
relationship had never been good, but the abuse finally stopped when Carol got
married.  candi's mother had suggested to Carol that candi could come keep her
company for a few weeks after graduating from high school.  candi was surprised
to hear that she had agreed, after a few weeks of thinking about it.  candi
assumed Carol simply felt guilty and couldn't think of a good enough reason to
say no to their mother.  As it turned out, Carol acted as though she had been
greatly inconvenienced by candi's visit.  Her attitude had led to candi's
decision to take a little side trip, and, ultimately, her capture by Karen.

Karen had also gained a significant amount of useful information about the
slut's marriage.  It was generally thought to be one that was not destined for
longevity from the start.  The personalities were too diverse and they seemed
not to share many interests.  Candi thought Carol had married Jim only to be
able to move to Florida, where he was stationed.  Candi also thought Carol had
always cheated on Jim, and had probably married him knowing his frequent
overseas deployments would give per ample opportunities to satisfy her urges for
other men.  Jim apparently was a nice enough fellow, but dull. 

She set her coffee mug in the sink for the slut to wash later, then padded out
to the pool for a few early morning laps in the nude.



Megan's existence had devolved into one of varying states of disorientation and
almost constant pain of one variety or another.  She had no clue whether it was
night or day, what day of the week it was, or even where she was anymore.  All
of her hair was gone, she had been pierced, and was being kept either bound or
caged naked in the pretty woman's home.  Megan had forgotten the lady's name,
and was close to forgetting her own.  The lady kept calling her "candi", and she
was getting used to it.  She hadn't been fed much but was made to drink plenty
of water.  

Her many piercings were healing up although they were still tender when the
rings that had been permanently installed through her skin were tugged or
twisted.  The lady seemed to enjoy tormenting her in that way for some reason. 
She also seemed to enjoy bringing Megan to the edge of orgasm and back over and
over and over again.  Her pussy had been licked and nibbled at for hours by her
own sister.  She had been horrified when she had first seen Carol led into the
room, blindfolded, and directed to lick her.  It hadn't taken her long to react
to the warm tongue swirling around inside and over her pussy, and she had begun
to hope that each day would bring another long session of sweet torment.  If
only she could cum...

This morning she transitioned out of the haze and into the foggy realization
that she was awake.  Again she found herself in the odd hut-like cage, bound and
in real pain from the muscle cramps that greeted her each morning.  She felt an
odd burning on her backside and blearily recalled a faint, distant memory of
being severely spanked...but when?, and by who?  The collar around her throat
had been substituted for locking her tongue ring to her nose ring for the
purpose of keeping her quiet.  She remembered how it seemed to constrict each
time she made the slightest sound.  It scared her, and she kept very quiet when
it was on, which was most of the time.

Her head throbbed with the after effects of whatever she had been drugged with
the evening, or the day before.  Her mouth was dry and everything seemed to
hurt.  Quietly, very quietly, and softly, she began to cry.  What had happened
to her, and why?



By the time Karen finished twenty laps, she was feeling horny.  There was
nothing like swimming naked under the sun to get her juices flowing.  She didn't
bother to towel off but instead went into the slut's house and wrapped herself
in her robe for the short trip across the lawns to her house.  She needed to get
the ear piece in to surveille the slut's day and was anxious to begin another
day of fun with candi.  After making sure no one would see her she made her way
home.



Carol was counting her accomplishments in small segments.  She had made it to
school and parked the car, which she knew was going to be the easiest part of
the day.  Next she had to walk through the parking lot to her class.  Dressed as
she was, that would be bad, but worse was coming.  So, she rationalized that if
she could only get to class without stopping traffic or being arrested, she
could then just worry about getting through one more part of a torturous day. 

It took only a few steps before she realized just how difficult it would be to
get through the parking lot.  Not because of the reactions she already was
beginning to notice on the part of students, a few parents, and some teachers,
but because of the effects of the heavy little balls rolling around inside her
pussy.  She was so worried they would fall out that she had to keep her pussy
clenched tightly, which only caused them to come in contact with each other more
frequently.  After ten steps she had to stop.  Her knees were getting weak and
she was genuinely afraid she would fall off her heels.  After so much torment
without an orgasm the effects of the things were beyond what she ever expected. 
With her ass filled to the brim by the larger plug and the exposure of much of
her body to public view, she thought she might have an orgasm on the spot.  Only
by not moving for a few long seconds was she able to prevent one.  But, as soon
as she thought she was okay and started walking again, she had to stop.  Her
nipples were becoming conspicuous as they grew and pressed lewdly against the
tightly drawn material of her blouse.  She knew the tops of her white stockings
were already wet from the juices that had been flowing out of her since well
before she had left home.  As this was happening, more and more people were
watching.  Her breathing grew shallow and she felt as though she just couldn't
get enough breath.  She took a few more steps toward the entrance, noticing how
very far away it still was. 



Tom Parker looked out his office window toward the parking lot and saw Carol
Sizemore dressed in the sluttiest outfit he had ever seen in real life.   He
could hardly believe his eyes.  After writing her up for two consecutive days
for inappropriate attire, which had been well beyond acceptable, what Carol was
wearing now was, well, hooker attire.  He didn't like being defied, but his
interest in the situation was beyond professional.   His cock began to struggle
with his brain in formulating a reaction to this bizarre situation.  On
Wednesday and Thursday his brain had won.  Consciously, he thought there was no
way he was going to avoid trying to get some of that.  That was one sexy bitch
who clearly wanted whatever she got.  Maybe, he thought, he would be doing her a
favor by giving her a little satisfaction.  He moved to his desk and pressed the
"speak" button on the inter office intercom.  "Mary, send Carol to my office
when she comes in.  She's in the lot now."

"Hmm.", Mary thought.  What with all the strange goings-on these last few days
it was looking like today would be no exception.  Mary walked around the counter
in the administrative office and stood by the door, where she could see Carol as
soon as she entered the school.



 
Just as Carol stopped again to maintain what little composure she could, she
heard someone approaching quickly from behind her.  As she was turning to see
who it was, they reached up under her skirt and pinched her ass, hard.  She saw
that it was Tommy Wingate, who was now passing her.  He looked back with an
insolent, knowing sneer on his face.  Oh, God! Carol thought.  He was one of the
biggest troublemakers in the school.  Many of the teachers were afraid of him,
not to mention most of the students.  He knew she wasn't wearing panties!  It
would be all over the school in minutes! 

She stood for an excruciatingly long thirty seconds before she felt she could
try walking again.  "Just get to the entrance", she told herself.  With renewed
determination she stepped forward using smaller, mincing steps.  It helped a
bit, but she still found herself on the brink of losing control
and...tried...to...Oh, God..."OhmyGod,", she gasped aloud as the tidal wave of a
shattering, unstoppable orgasm began to swell up from deep within her.  Her
knees began to shake as she felt the crescendo building ever higher.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm.", she gasped aloud.  Trying desperately to keep quiet, she bit her
lower lip as her whole body became involved in the longest, most intense,
rolling orgasm of her entire life.  There was no hiding it, no concealing it. 
Anyone with half a brain could see that the teacher dressed in the slutty
clothes was having an orgasm in the middle of the school parking lot.    When it
finally ended she found herself  bent over with her knees tightly pressed
together.  Her face was hot and she couldn't catch her breath.  It had been a
mind blowing orgasm. She was having a bit of trouble shaking herself out of her
reverie until she heard applause from across the parking lot.  She glanced over
to see five or six girls watching her intently.  They had looks of amazement and
delight on their faces.  Oh!  How could she do this?  Oh, God!  She had to get
into school! 

Soon she was able to straighten herself and begin making her way toward the
entrance.   When she finally got close to it that nosy, meddling bitch
administrative assistant Mary stepped out to hold the door open for her.  "I
have a message for you!", Mary announced as though she were singing a song. 
"Straight to Mr. Parker's office!"

Carol had been called into Tom Parker's office the last two days and given
verbal warnings, but he hadn't sent her home.  She wished now that he would. 
She couldn't be blamed for that.  Miss Karen wouldn't whip her for...well, she
might.  She could. 

When she entered his office he was sitting behind his desk, pretending to read a
memo.  Carol despised the man.  He had rated her at seventy percent
effectiveness not because her student's test scores were off or the quality of
her work was suspect, but because he would have taught her class differently. 
At least that was his explanation.  He was a fat, balding bureaucrat who was
about a spineless as a...

"Good morning, Carol.", he said without looking up.

"Good morning, Tom.", she replied politely, if a bit breathlessly.

"Close the door, please.", he said evenly.

That was unusual, Carol knew.  He relied on Mary so much to back him up that it
was almost unbelievable that he would put her out of rescue range by having
Carol close the door.  She turned and pushed the door gently closed. 

"Lock it.", he said before she turned back.  "Hmm.", Carol thought.  "What is up
with that?"  She quietly turned the deadbolt lock then stepped back in front of
his desk.

He was looking her up one side and down the other, she noted without surprise.
"He probably has a little hard-on going behind that desk.", she told herself. 

"I have a real problem, Carol.  I need to do something about your...well,
defiance of my instructions to you.  Didn't I tell you that you had better be
dressed appropriately this morning?  Or else?"

"Uh, yes, Tom.  You did."

"And?"
"And?  Well, this is what I wore.  Sue me!"  She quickly regretted saying it. 
She wondered if Miss Karen had heard it.  Her instructions were to avoid
conflict and she knew she had just goaded the bastard.  "I'm sorry.", she added
before he could reply.

"I'll be blunt, Carol.  I am trying to figure out how I can avoid writing you up
and going to the superintendent to get a suspension."

It almost sounded akin to hearing a child's threat to hold his breath.  This man
had no idea that Carol's life had transcended into matters that were well beyond
worries for her job.  She liked it and wanted to keep it, but was more worried
about getting through the entire day without being totally humiliated and/or
whipped when she got home. 

"I...I don't know what to say, Tom.  What other options are there?  I would,
well.  I'd hate for you to have to do that."

He seemed to be feigning deep thought, which told Carol that he obviously had a
plan.  Being the coward that he was, she correctly assumed he would need some
help from her before getting to the point. 

"Well, I was wondering if you had any suggestions.  The problem is we've
overspent our budget for substitutes, as you are aware, and the superintendent
would have my ass if I brought one in on the last day of school.  So, that's
out."

Deep inside, Carol was seething.  She knew she was going to be giving this
scumbag a blowjob.  She just knew it!  She decided to call his bluff.  "Maybe
you could take my class and send me home?"

He smiled nervously, looking directly at her breasts.  "Nah.  I've got three
meetings today with, ah, with the custodians and the administrative staff.  That
just wouldn't work."

"Well, maybe I could...do something for you?  Do you need any, favors or,
anything?"  Carol was not even aware that she was rocking from side to side,
enjoying the feel of the slight movement the balls made inside her pussy. 

Tom was no moron.  But, he was scared shitless.  This was a career ender.  It
was also a dream come true.  He had the bitch.  "Maybe you should come over here
for a second.", he suggested, motioning her around the desk. 

Carol moved as Miss Karen had been teaching her.  "Arch the back and swing the
hips in the most subtle, enticing way.", she remembered her saying.  She stepped
around the desk and moved close up to the sleazy man. 




He turned toward her, pushing his glasses up on his nose.  He reached up with
both hands and slid them up her outer thighs to the waistband of her skirt.  No
panties! 

Carol leaned forward, resting her left hand on the right arm of his office
chair, and reaching down with her right hand for his crotch.  She leaned in
close, almost pressing her cleavage into his face.  As she guessed, he was hard. 
She remembered, as though it were permanently seared into her mind, Miss Karen's
lessons on "The Penis".   She recalled the humiliation of being made to practice
what she was being taught by using her rubber dildo at home, with the threat of
a whipping as incentive, while Miss Karen supervised. 

She had learned to disassociate the penis from the individual it was attached
to, and to concentrate on milking it of it's reward.  "Greed and speed" were the
words Miss Karen had used to characterize the proper mental attitude in
performing oral sex on "the penis".

She was expected to demonstrate a lust and hunger for ejaculate that resulted in
a speedy orgasm which then preserved time to satisfy additional penises.  The
techniques were universal for all cocks, with some preferring more or less
pressure or speed to bring about their release, depending on individual
sensitivity.

She knelt between his legs to unzip his fly.  She was surprised to note that she
did feel a genuine hunger and lust for his penis, even though she reviled him. 
It was a fat, stubby cock, much like the one that was firmly embedded in her
ass.  When she got it freed, she quickly descended on it, enveloping it in her
hot mouth and following the sequence of actions Miss Karen had taught her. 
After years of thinking she was a good cocksucker it had been a revelation to
her that she may not have been as good as she could have been.  She had never
heard a complaint, not since her first one, when she was fourteen.

This was the first cock she would get to try Miss Karen's teachings on.  She
remembered the need to moan and groan as though sucking the cock was the most
pleasurable experience to be had on the face of the earth.  So, she sighed
heavily as she swirled her tongue slowly but firmly all around the underside of
the thing.  Sure enough, it was aroused all the more and lengthened a bit. 
After a few seconds of this treatment she carefully pressed her lips all around
it's circumference and began to bob her head up and down, slowly covering the
distance between the cock's base and it's head.  She made a few slurping sounds
and began to breath heavily, though not out of design but out of desire.  She
loved cocks, she truly did.  This fat little guy filled her mouth nicely and was
uniquely suited for sucking.  He wouldn't have been much fun to fuck, but this
was nice. 

Carol felt her skirt being pulled up over her hips, exposing her naked ass
completely as she worked the principal's cock with genuine enthusiasm.  He was
taking full advantage of his opportunity to have his way with her, as she might
have expected.  Soon he was reaching under to cop a feel of her breasts, pulling
them out of the buttonless blouse and rolling her nipples in his fat fingers. 
Carol couldn't help but react.  She thought no woman, at least a straight one,
could keep from getting worked up in circumstances like this.  Here she was, a
mature, professional teacher wearing a whorish schoolgirl outfit, on her knees,
sucking the principal (in his office, for that matter) while he felt her up. 
She started rotating her hips and clenching her pussy to get those heavy little
balls vibrating again.  This was starting to feel good.




Tom Parker was feeling good, too.  He grasped Carol's ponytail with his right
hand while he tugged and twisted her right nipple with his left.  She was living
up to his wildest fantasies about what kind of cocksucking bitch she would be. 
She loved it!  He pushed and pulled on her ponytail to control the rhythm and
started whispering "suck it, bitch!" repeatedly as he felt himself approaching
the point of no return.  There was no sense in dragging it out.  Every second
counted.  He knew Mary was paying very close attention to the amount of time
Carol spent behind closed doors in his office.  In seven years he had never done
that with any employee other than the superintendent or members of the school
board.  He wouldn't be surprised if the had her ear pressed to the door.  "Suck
it, bitch!", he said a little louder. 



Carol knew the bastard was close so she doubled her efforts, increasing the
suction as well as the speed of her tongue as it swirled around and under his
cock with each descending movement.  Now she was making a lot of noise; her
slurping, sucking, and moans of genuine pleasure had blended into an arousing
cacophony that even affected her.  His body was beginning to tense up as he
pushed down hard on the back of her head, forcing her nose through his fly and
embedding it deeply into his wiry pubic hair.  She pressed her lips tightly
around the thick base of his cock and began milking it by pulling upward on the
underside of it with her tongue while trying to maintain a high degree of
constant suction.  She wasn't  going to lose a drop of his cum.  Carol had
always liked having the residue of a man's orgasm coating the back of her
throat.  The taste varied and couldn't always be counted upon to be pleasant,
but it's presence beyond her tongue tended to cause her to want more.  She
almost thought it to be an aphrodisiac and savored it whenever she could. 



Tom felt the explosion coming and grasped Carol on both sides of her head to
prevent her from withdrawing at the last second.  His hips bucked involuntarily
a couple of times and he couldn't help but gasp out loud as the first jets shot
forcefully into the mouth of the young teacher.   She seemed to be gobbling
hungrily at his cock as it continued to supply her with fresh sperm.  He could
feel her swallowing it as fast as it was coming out, and was amazed that she
took every drop as though it tasted like chocolate.  Carol Sizemore really was a
whore...the slut of his wildest imagination!  He had heard rumors that she ran
around on her husband, but, this! 



When she heard the door unlatch Mary noted that eight minutes and forty three
seconds had passed.  She looked over to see Carol walking out the same way she
had walked in...those little steps were strange, but maybe she still had that
thing in her...well.  Her hair was mussed up and, well, she really didn't know
anything.  She smiled.  "Everything okay?", she inquired.

"Uh, huh." Carol answered before making her way through the admin office door to
head for her homeroom class.  "Oh, God.", she thought.  "Just make it to class."




CHAPTER XV: Last Day Of School Part II

After getting home Karen took a quick shower, really just to rinse the chlorine
off her skin, then got the small cart she had been using to move candi around
and rolled it out to the garage.  Candi had been spending her evenings in what
Karen referred to as her "pig hut".  It had been designed and built to her own
specifications, and was a very practical, multi-use structure which could house
slaves within it or secure them for display, training, or punishment while
mounted on it.  It almost looked like a miniature A-frame home, with the roof
hinged at the peak and divided into two hatches on one side. The hatches could
be unclasped and opened, revealing two separate but small compartments that were
ideal for storing  trainees and acquisitions.  She could also open either end if
the occupant could crawl through the opening. The inside was nicely lined with
insulating foam covered by rubber sheeting.  It virtually trapped all noises
inside and prevented outside sounds from penetrating.  It was wired to deliver
the same "white noise" containing repetitive subaural messages that had been
playing into the slut's ears every evening.  The messages were customized for
each trainee based on their intended end use, current level of development, and
background. 

Poor candi was undergoing some rather strict indoctrination  and was being kept
bound day and night, so Karen unclasped and opened the half of the larger hatch
which contained her.  She looked just as she did when Karen had put her in nine
hours ago; on her back with her wrist cuffs locked securely to her ankle cuffs
and a spreader bar keeping her knees apart.  Karen pushed the hatch up and over
until it rested on the opposite side of the little hut.  Taking hold of the
little thing by the right leg and right arm, she roughly jerked her out and onto
the hand cart for the short trip to the back yard. 

Karen pulled her through the door at the back of the garage and rolled her
easily down the sidewalk leading to her shaded barbecue area.  Once there, she
tipped the cart up, spilling the thing onto the concrete.  She noted that candi
hadn't made a peep, which was good.  The collar she had installed was a high
tech piece of gear that the agency had asked her to beta test a couple of years
earlier.  It was tightly fitted and locked around a subject's neck just below
the jaw line.  A small box mounted on the collar contained a noise sensor and a
simple switch and timer.  Beside the box was a small but highly charged cylinder
of compressed air.  When the device heard noise in combination with local
vibration it would open a valve and a rubber bladder affixed to the inside
surface would inflate slightly, constricting the throat.  More noise and
vibration, another degree of constriction.  It was configured such that a noisy
prisoner would be quickly silenced when the device advanced to the degree that
it cut off air flow completely and caused the wearer to lose consciousness. 
After a few seconds it would deflate, again, by degrees, eventually returning to
it's original snugness.  Karen had found it to be exceedingly useful, especially
in a confined situation like the suburban neighborhood she was currently
residing in.  It was also ideal for training silence.  The other sister she
wanted to have the capacity to provide pleasure by making pleasurable sounds. 
The slut also was going to need to speak occasionally to serve her intended
purpose.  This one, though, was different.  If she couldn't be taught to keep
her silence, there were other ways of taking her voice away.

Candi had grown less appealing over the last few days as stubble began appearing
over her shorn body.  Many of the welts from her whipping the night before were
still visible, and she was bruised a bit from rough handling.  Her eyes were
bloodshot and her pupils were dilated.  Karen bent to look her over more closely
and noted the piercings had continued to heal nicely.  In another few days it
would be as though they had always been there.  She couldn't resist dipping a
finger deeply into candi's furrow for a little early-morning taste.  She shook
her head in wonder.  "Still sweet as can be.", she thought. 

Karen stepped over the young girl until she was straddling her head.  The coffee
she had been sipping earlier had passed nicely through her and wouldn't be
wasted if it could be used to help make sure the little lesbian knew her place
in the order of things.  Bending her knees slightly, Karen released a trickle of
warm piss that began splashing on candi's forehead.  The trickle quickly grew to
a nice, steady stream that she was now spraying all over the girl's face. 
Looking down into candi's blinking, pleading eyes, she said softly, "Open up,
candi.  It's time for your breakfast!"  Fearful of another brutal whipping, the
girl dutifully opened her mouth widely so that Karen could find the target and
completely fill it before her bladder emptied.  "You may drink now, candi.",
Karen said soothingly as she stepped over her sprawled captive.  Candi opened
her throat and slowly gulped it down, allowing only a bit to trickle out at the
corners and run in thin rivulets down under her ears and onto the concrete patio
that she lay on. 

Karen returned to the house to retrieve a few things and to get her earplug so
that she could monitor the slut's day.   Candi wouldn't be going anywere.



Carol was a bit late getting to her homeroom class.  She had suffered the stares
of dozens of students as she carefully made her way down  the corridors,
stopping when she had to, all the way to Room 333.  She thought it odd that she
couldn't think of much but how to find another cock to suck.  It seemed that
every day her mind was more and more preoccupied with sex, cocks, and making
Miss Karen happy.  All of the other aspects of her life seemed to be falling
away.  She didn't seem to care that they were, either.  She stumbled along
through the hallway feeling a deep and abiding sense of shame for what she was
doing, but didn't really feel any personal responsibility for it.  She felt
powerless to take control of her life and seemed to have crossed an unknown
threshold into acceptance of it for what it had become and what it might be. 
She knew the change was obvious to anyone who had known her at all, but couldn't
begin to explain it.

When she finally passed through the classroom door, her entire class, the kids
she had gotten to know best throughout the school year, stared silently at her. 
The rumors had swirled through the school to the point that any explanation for
what was happening to her would have been believed by someone.  The prevailing
conclusion was that she had gotten hooked on crack or something, and had turned
into a whore to pay for it.  Some of the students, particularly her favorites,
had expressions of real concern on their faces.  Most of the others simply
gawked silently.  She heard some nervous giggling in the back of the room.  A
pencil dropped.   She stared back at them.  It was the last day of the school
year.  It was supposed to be a happy day.  She wished she had rested a bit
before entering.  Her pussy was doing it's best to take her attention away, to
demand satisfaction, and to threaten her with complete and total humiliation. 
It couldn't...she...she couldn't allow herself to...she couldn't breath...had to
stay still...don't move!  She had to...Oh, God!



Karen wondered at first if the transmitter was functioning properly.  The
listening device on the slut's purse was sensitive enough to pick up almost any
sound, and no school was completely silent.  Soon, though, she could hear
someone moaning.  At first she wondered if the slut had been hurt.  This was
different, though.  The cunt was having an orgasm!  Karen felt that familiar,
always present rage beginning to well up from deep inside her when she heard
something curious.  It sounded like a student...then another.  They were
watching!  They were calling out, "you go Miss Sizemore!", and "Whoooee!", and
"What are you on?  I want some o' that!".  The shouts of encouragement and
goading and ridicule expanded and grew louder at the same rate that the slut's
orgasm approached.  Karen threw her head back and laughed out loud.  The slut
was having an orgasm in front of her class!    She was squeeling in ecstasy as
they broke into applause and continued to shout and carry on over such an
unexpected and bizarre turn of events.  Karen was delighted!  She couldn't have
planned a better set of circumstances for bringing the creature down another peg
or two from her former life of arrogance and conceit.  This would be a story
worth telling!



Carol's eyes rolled back into her head as she doubled over in the final throes
of her second shattering orgasm within twenty minutes.  Her entire body shook
and her ankles weakened as the waves of intense pleasure slowly began to
dissipate.  She struggled to stay up on her heels but felt herself losing
balance.  She dropped her purse and reached down to steady herself, but fell
backward off her heels and into the corner of the room.  She ended up propped
into the corner like a rag doll, with her skirt bunched up around her waist and
her legs splayed out at odd angles.  Almost as one the entire class gasped as
her bare pussy and the wet stocking tops of her inner thighs came into view. 
Then, with a cruelty often germaine to high school age children, they all began
to laugh uproariously. 

Carol was slower to come back to reality this time.  She pushed her skirt down
between her legs and listlessly gathered her legs beneath her.  The small
segments that she had managed to create for herself to get through the day were
becoming ever smaller.  Now, she told herself to just get up into a kneeling
position.  If she could only do that...and she did.  The laughter was slowly
dying off as she gathered her purse.  One of the students, Cindy Smith, came
forward to help her get up.  Another came forward, then another.  She was helped
over toward her desk.  Someone was pulling her chair out, but she couldn't,
wasn't allowed to sit today.  At all.  Not at all.  She stopped them from easing
her into the chair and waved them off.  The class was silent again, watching,
and the bell sounded to start the school day. 



Karen continued to shake her head in wonder as she gathered up the few things
she was going to need for a little morning fun with candi.  She found the little
thing exactly where she had been left, appearing listless and disoriented.  It
would be a couple of hours before last night's cocktail  wore off, then it would
be time for a few mind games.  If only the stupid teenager hadn't gotten herself
tattood as she had.  Such a waste!  Something might still be done with her, but
nothing that would bring a high return.  Karen had discussed her briefly with
Tawny, who was an accomplished tatooist, among other things.  Tawny had said she
would bring her kit and that they might find a way to incorporate the existing
tatoo into something more, well, interesting.  She also mentioned that she might
be interested in the little tart herself, depending on circumstances. 

Karen put all of the items she had carried out on one of the lounge chairs.  She
quickly unlocked the padlocks that had held candi's wrist and ankle cuffs
together all evening, and unclasped the fasteners that held the spreader bar
between her knees.  Candi was not so quick to straighten her limbs out, as the
muscles had become rigid and stressed and didn't seem capable of moving.  Karen
solved that by quickly yanking upward on her right foot, which, as expected,
caught candi by surprise and caused her to cry out in pain.  The collar expanded
instantly, cutting her off in mid-whimper and constricting the flow of air to
her body.  Her eyes bulged in fear that she would suffocate then and there.
"You don't seem to remember that nobody wants to hear you, candi.", Karen said
to her, ever so gently.  Without hesitation she jerked her left foot up into the
air, straightening the stiffened leg and stressing the distended muscles.  This
time candi bore the pain in silence.   When Karen finally had the little cunt
straightened out on her back, she told her to get up on all fours. 



The words barely registered in candi's ears.  She was waiting for the collar to
adjust itself and give her a bit more breath.  The pretty woman was kicking her
in the side now, and she knew she had to move to avoid the terrible pain she
knew would be inflicted on her if she didn't.  Struggling to get the momentum to
roll over, she managed to get onto her belly but the throbbing in her head
seemed to double as soon as she turned.  She was out of it, feeling clumsy and
unable to cause her body to do what her mind was telling it.  Slowly, she
managed to draw first one, then the other knee up under her and could, finally,
push herself up onto all fours. 




Now that the thing was up, Karen grasped her longer dog whip and tapped it up
under candi's chiin.  "Head high, dear.  Remember to be a proud animal at all
times!", she said as though she were encouraging a baby toward it's first steps. 
"We have a fun game for you to play today!", she announced.  Retrieving a short
gold chain with clasps on each end from a small box she had brought out, she
bent to fasten each end to candi's nipple rings.  With the chain stretched
tightly between the rings, she mounted a small wire hook in the center of them
with the upward angle of the hook oriented away from candi's body. 
Next, she took a dozen three ounce lead surf fishing weights and carefully
placed them around the perimeter of the pool deck.  She returned to candi and
explained the object of the game.  "Candi, you are to show me what a smart and
obedient animal you are by crawling to each of the little nuggets I've put
around the pool for you and catching them on your little hook.  Each time you
bring a nugget to me you will be rewarded with a snack!  I''l be sitting over
there, in the back corner of the yard under that shade.  If I finish reading my
magazine before you complete your fun game, you will be punished in a fun and
creative way.  If you finish first, you will be rewarded!  Do you understand?".

Karen waited a few long seconds before the creature's mind understood that it
was time to respond, and was satisfied to get a slight nod.  "Good!  You may
begin."  Karen made her way to a comfortable rocker underneath the magnolia tree
to begin reading the latest copy of her favorite magazine.  Apparently the slut
had managed at least to survive into her second class of the day.  Karen
listened as she asked the students to hand in their final class evaluations and
requested feedback on the school year and her abilities as a teacher.



Brian Tarmic raised his hand.   "Miss Sizemore, like, what is up with you
lately?"  The class tittered.  Carol knew word had quickly spread about her
latest disaster.  She just hadn't expected that anyone would be so bold as to
ask her.  The question shook her confidence.  Not that she had any left, but she
had been, at least up until then, functioning somewhat like a teacher.  Now she
was on display again.  Being looked at, questioned.  It had a effect on her that
she hadn't expected.  She was aware of the presence of Tom Parker's cum still
coating her throat.  It felt good.  She wanted more.  Her sexual motor was
running again after too brief a respite.  "Um, I, ah.  I just wanted a little
change, Brian.  That's all."  Heads turned in his direction.  What would he say
next?

"Yes, but," he gestured toward her.  "that's like, a BIG change!", he exclaimed,
drawing a laugh from the class.  Carol smiled as best she could and ignored his
comment, instead stepping forward to accept the evaluations as they were passed
up each row.  She turned to step back behind her desk, where she could feel just
a bit of separation from the students.  Leafing through the evaluations she
stopped at one of them.   Someone had scrawled "I want to fuck you." across the
top.  The evaluations were anonymous, and she didn't recognize the handwriting. 
She squeezed her legs together, causing the balls in her pussy to come into
contact with each other.  The slight vibration they caused was deliciously
subtle.



Megan hadn't been free to move on her own in days.  She wasn't sure how to
react.  She had understood what the lady had said.  So, she pulled one knee
forward on the smooth concrete, then a hand.  Then, the other knee.  She was
okay, she decided.  She could crawl.  Not fast, but she could move.  It felt
strange, moving.  Her head still throbbed.  She was aware that she was naked,
still.  When had she last worn any clothes?  As she crawled along at not much
more than a snail's pace, she looked down at her poor little nipples and the
rings that passed through them.  God, her head throbbed.  At least the horrible
collar had retracted back to its original size and she could breath more easily. 
That's what she needed, she decided, fresh air.  Maybe she could think soon. 
For now, though, it was time to do.  The alternative was not an option.  The
lady was cruel.  She would do cruel things for no reason at all.  She could also
be very kind at times. 

Megan eventually made it to the first of the lead weights.  It was really hard
for her to get the little hook mounted on the chain that ran between her nipple
rings through the loop in the first weight.  She had to lower her chest and hold
herself at a strange angle, then try to swing the little hook back and forth to
get it to catch on the weight.  She tried for what seemed like an eternity
before she hooked it.   She raised herself back up to a crawling position again,
carefully lifting the weight with her still tender nipples.  It was heavy and it
did hurt, but she could manage it.  She couldn't help but feel a sense of
satisfaction to be crawling toward the lady with the first "nugget" dangling
from the chain.  Her arms burned from the exertion of supporting her upper body
while she hooked it.  Megan realized how hungry she was.  She had started to
speculate what her reward would be, and in her mind she fantasized about such
things as a big cheeseburger or a hot fudge sundae.  She wasn't sure, but she
didn't think she had eaten in at least two days.  All she had been given to
drink was the lady's piss.  She was hopeful.  Hopeful and hungry.



Karen could see the little tart approaching through her peripheral vision. 
Without looking up, she tossed a small metal bowl onto the grass at her feet. 
"Without using your little paws you need to put the nugget in the bowl.", she
said pleasantly.  She flipped through a few advertisements as the dumb bitch
tried to discover a technique that would get the weight off the hook and into
the bowl.  Finally, she was able to dangle it against the inside edge of the
bowl and slowly pull her self backward until it slipped off the hook.  Candi
then stayed there, dumbly waiting for a reaction.  Karen put the magazine down
and tore open a sample bag of Otis Farms Premium Pig Feed.  Dumping about a
dozen of the feed pellets into the bowl, she patted the dumb thing on her bald
head and said, "Good girl!  Now eat up your snack!"



Megan was ravished.  She saw the bag and knew what it said, but the lady
wouldn't really feed her pig food.  It was something else, she decided.  So, she
edged cautiously forward and lowered her head to the bowl.



Karen noted with satisfaction that candi hadn't attempted to use her hands.  She
had absorbed in, and had accepted, the basic premise that she was not to use
them, which was a very good sign at this early stage of development.  The poor
thing was obviously famished, as she had taken to the pellets like a hog takes
to slop.  Karen laughed and returned to reading her magazine while listening in
on the slut's last day in the traditional working world.



Megan's nipples were really sore by the time she finished delivering all of the
"nuggets" to the small bowl at the lady's feet.  Her arms were burning from the
workout, and her entire body was covered in sweat.  It was turning into a very
hot day.  She was still hungry and still hopeful for a better reward than the
little, crunchy pellets that tasted like cardboard or dirt or something.  She
had begun regain most of her senses.  Though she wasn't exactly alert, she felt
less and less disoriented as the morning wore on.  The last several trips back
for her reward she had stolen glances at the naked lady as she relaxed in the
shade with her magazine.  She was beautiful, Megan thought.  So sexy that Megan
thought the one thing she would most like to do in the whole world would be to,
well, lick her all over.  She didn't understand why.  After all the abuse she
had suffered she had every reason to hate the lady.  But, it seemed almost as
though she couldn't help it...she just...wanted to please her, somehow.  Megan
waited patiently on all fours in the soft grass next to the lady.  She was
relieved that she had finished before the lady had read through her magazine. 
Now there would be no need to punish her, and she could be rewarded with,
well...maybe with something really good!  She was dying of thirst.  Maybe a big
glass of icewater would be her reward!



Karen paid her hairless lawn pig no mind.  She was engrossed in an article about
the Blue Ridge Mountains, in consideration of her evenual retirement from
government work, she would need a permanent residence or two.  Shifting around
to various safe houses during her down time and keeping all of her possessions
in storage otherwise had gotten old years ago.  She appreciated the chance to
spend the summer in Florida, but the current housing arrangement was totally
inappropriate to her needs. Suburbia was not a good place to engage in her
favorite pastimes, but it would do for now.  At least the back yard was private,
and it had been a nice bonus to discover that one of the neighbors was both
attractive and easily compromised.  The slut's whole life turned on where she
happened to live, and that was a just too bad.  If she hadn't been a bad girl to
start with nothing would have happened to her.  This one, the lawn pig, was
simply good fortune.

Eventually Karen finished her magazine and tossed it on the grass at her feet. 
"Be a good little creature and carry that back to the house.", she ordered
casually. 



Megan had been daydreaming.  She had known better than to move an inch since she
had begun waiting for the lady to acknowledge her and, hopefully, give her the
reward she had earned.  It took a few seconds for her new instructions to
register in her mind.  She blinked her eyes a few times, then bent and took the
bound side of the magazine between her teeth before turning to crawl the length
of the backyard to the house.  Just outside the sliding door leading into the
lady's sunroom, she turned to look back, just to make sure it was the right
place to put the magazine down.  The lady nodded, so she carefully placed on the
deck and began crawling back to the shade of the big tree.



Karen was happy to see that even with improved functionality and awareness the
sweet little thing had automatically reacted as though she were an animal. 
Watching her crawl across the lawn and back was enjoyable for Karen, so she told
her to continue doing that until informed otherwise.  Aside from the sweetest
tasting pussy she had ever experienced, little candi did have a few appealing
attributes that Karen considered somewhat unique.  She was petite, which was
nice.  Her butt was well proportioned and cute, and it moved nicely.  Her body
carried no fat, especially now.  That little turned up nose was even more
appealing since Karen had mounted the ring in it. 

It sounded as though slut was muddling through the third period without any
incidents, and Karen was only paying partial attention to the noise in her left
ear.  She looked forward to the point when the two sisters would actually be
serving her.  The training was enjoyable and sometimes challenging, and the
results were always rewarding.  She had a few loose ends to tie up before she
could begin to seriously train the slut.  There was nothing holding her back
from developing candi, other than the need to lay the proper groundwork, which
is what she had been doing since she had captured her. 

Soon enough she grew bored and called her little lawn pig over.  "I've decided
that for your reward I am going to give you a new pair of shoes!", she
proclaimed enthusiastically.  "First, though, we have some cleaning up to do,
right?"  Taking a small travel kit from a bag she had carried out, Karen told
candi to open her mouth wide and brushed her teeth for her, as though she were a
child incapable of doing it herself.  Next, she poured half of a small bottle of
disinfecting mouthwash into the girl's little mouth and told her to swish it
around until she heard otherwise.  Karen then quickly slathered the creature's
entire body with depilitating cream to melt away any hair that had grown out in
the last few days and restore her to her pink smoothness.  After waiting ten
minutes, Karen directed her to crawl over closer to the lawn hose and sprayed
the cream and hair off.  She then inserted the nozzle into candi's pussy and ass
and slowly filled her to the brim with the cold hose water.  She insisted that
the thing not release a drop of it until she returned with a scrub brush and
soap.  Karen took her time retrieving them from the house and could see that the
little pig was straining to follow her instructions.  Karen allowed her to empty
herself then scrubbed her down roughly before rinsing her thoroughly and sending
her back under the shade at the rear of the yard. 

There, she tossed a light chain over a branch of the tree and brought her little
lawn pig under it. 



Carol couldn't believe she had almost made it through the day!  It had been a
minute by minute challenge and she had suffered horribly, but the final bell had
rung, school was out, and all she had to worry about now was getting to the car. 
She had managed to get the phone numbers from the five cutest boys as Miss Karen
had instructed.  They had all been eager to give it to her, especially after
hearing her explanation for asking.  She told them she was dabbling in fashion
photography and was putting together a portfolio.  She suggested that each one
would make a great model and asked if she could call them sometime.  Flattery
always worked with boys and men, and it didn't hurt to be horny and dressed in a
slutty schoolgirl outfit.


She hadn't exactly gotten accustomed to being viewed by the student body and her
teachers as some sort of sideshow freak all day.  The fact was that she had been
preoccupied with what was going on between her legs and with trying to keep the
most decadent thoughts from entering her mind.   Simply put, she was too
distracted to care.  She avoided going to the teacher's lunchroom since she had
been forbidden to sit or eat all day.  No need to subject herself to unwelcomed
questioning or incredulous stares from her colleages.  Instead, she had stayed
in her empty classroom, standing quietly behind her desk, slowly rocking her
hips from side to side and purring like a kitty.  She stopped occasionally to
keep herself from going too far.  By the time the break had ended, the entire
classroom smelled of sex.  Her stockings were damp down to the inside middle of
her thighs, but she didn't care.  She wasn't sure why.  Just a few days ago a
minor tear in a pair of hose would have mortified her.  Now, she just wanted
to...



Tom Parker had been preoccupied all day too.  After taking advantage of
circumstances that morning he had become highly concerned with his career.  He
knew how Mary was and was sure she would spread the word that he and Carol had a
"closed door" meeting.  All of the expected rumor and innuendo would naturally
follow.  He had tried to appear deeply concerned for the welfare of his young
teacher, explaining to Mary in a sympathetic and sad tone that the poor thing
was having a lot of personal problems that he couldn't divulge.  He knew while
he was saying it that it wasn't believed.  Mary was skeptical of everything. 
But, he also knew that as she blabbed around the school about his "meeting" she
would also include his explanation.  The real trouble began when he started
getting reports that Ms. Sizemore was acting strangely.  Sometime just before
noon one of the teachers asked Mary to tell him she had heard Carol had had an
orgasm in front of her homeroom class.  She had said several students had
verified the story and she recommended something be done.  Tom had never been
one to react to the recommendation of a subordinate.  He explained to Mary that
he had already addressed the issue and had no desire to disrupt the last day of
school for Carol's students.  If problems persisted, he would speak to her again
at the end of the day and put her on formal notice of his intent to suspend her
at the beginning of the school year in September.  Mary had prepared the
paperwork for him and placed it neatly  in a folder and placed it on the center
of his desk.   He had spent the rest of the day feeling uncomfortable with the
fact that he had talked himself into a corner and had to follow through with a
suspension recommendation to save his credibility.  What bothered him most was
the thought that Carol might not react well to the situation.  She had, after
all, serviced him that morning and probably had formed the opinion that he
wasn't going to cause her any further trouble as a result.  So, he had played
and replayed imaginary verbal exchanges with the young teacher all afternoon,
until he had become such a jumble of nerves that had no clue what to do.  What
was gnawing at the back of his mind was the thought that he might be able to get
Carol back into his office for another round of fantasyland before the day
ended.  He finally told Mary she could go home early, which was the one thing
she appreciated even more than a good rumor to spread.  It hadn't taken her
thirty seconds to get out of the office. 



Carol waited until well after the final bell had rung before deciding to make
her way to the car.  The hallways were fairly well empty and most everyone had
left as quickly as they could.  She still had to stop occasionally as she
walked, but at least didn't feel as though she was part of a circus act with
every step.  Her feet were killing her.  She wasn't sure if she'd ever get
accustomed to spending hours in such high heels. 

When she turned the corner to walk down the final corridor to the school exit,
she saw Tom Parker straight ahead, lingering, or rather, lurking, outside the
entrance to the administrative office.  As she slowly approached, he motioned
for her to follow him into the office.




CHAPTERXVI:  Last Day of School Part III.

Karen spent a couple of hours taking care of a few administrative details and
working on some correspondence.  From the sunroom she could keep an eye on
candi, who was nicely secured under the tall magnolia.  Karen had fitted her
with an old pair of size five ballet shoes and had her step up onto a bucket
that she had placed, upside down, under the dangling chain that hung from one of
the magnolia's lower branches.  Using a small padlock she secured candi's nose
ring to the chain and pulled it taught so that candi's head was tilted back at
an uncomfortable angle. 

Karen hadn't bothered with any sort of explanation, but it was obvious that
there was great peril in slipping off the bucket.  Either the ring would  pull
through her nose immediately or she would dangle for a while first.  She had
been surprised that the tart hadn't tried to resist in some way, but concluded
that she had been adequatly indimidated.

Karen loved the sight.  Candi was glistening with perspirationt. The ballet
shoes did so much to make her more enticing.  Her firm young ass was held high
and the arch of her back was just delightful.  The extreme angle of her feet in
the shoes made her legs appear shapely and firm, and Karen could tell by her
heaving chest that she was highly challenged both physically and emotionally. 
If it hadn't been for the two days Karen had kept her in the foot trainers,
stretching her ligaments and tendons, she might already have suffered an
unfortunate accident.  She owed Karen so very much! 

Soon enough she had finished what she was doing and decided to toy with her
little plaything for a bit.  She wouldn't need much in the way of supplies.  She
went to the kitchen and quickly mixed a bit of ginger into a paste and deposited
it into a baggie.  Then she retrieved a small quantity of Christmas ornament
hooks and a vibrating egg from her handy toolbox.  Finally, she got the lighter
dog whip from it's hook in the garage and made her way to the back yard.

The poor thing's legs were quivering from exhaustion and pain. She had taken
hold of the chain above her head in anticipation of losing her footing on the
bucket.  Karen wondered how long she could hold herself up if the bucket tipped. 
That would be a good workout, she thought.  "I see you're doing just fine in
your new shoes!", Karen exclaimed.  "I thought I'd come out and have some fun. 
You enjoy having fun, don't you, candi?"

Candi nodded ever so slightly.  She was so close to collapse that she thought
any movement might make her fall off the bucket.  She had been crying for a long
time.  The lady was so cruel to her, and now she was talking about having fun.
But, the whip didn't look like fun to candi. 

"First, dear, I'm going to spread a bit of this ginger paste over your little
asshole.  You won't like it.  No, no, no!  Not at all!"  Karen stepped around
the girl and carefully parted her butt cheeks to push a small amount of the
paste onto her asshole.  She giggled as the girl began to react by shaking her
ass just as much as she dared to, which wasn't much at all.  "There, that'll
liven up your afternoon, candi!"  Karen walked around in front of the girl
again, then held up the vibrating egg for her to see. 

"Now, we'll put our friend the egg into your tasty little pussy to distract you
from all of this terrible drama you're suffering at the moment."  She lowered
the egg and stepped closer to the nearly suspended teenager.  She bent down
slightly to get the angle correct and twisted the egg, activating the vibrator. 
Without much concern for candi's comfort she forced the egg up and into her
cunt, causing the girl to jerk involuntarily and begin to teeter on the upended
bucket.  "There, that's better!", she said, stepping back to ensure the creature
knew she wouldn't be caught if she did become clumsy enough to fall.  She waited
until candi managed to stabilize herself before proceeding.  Then, she picked up
the bowl full of fishing weights and began attaching the ornament hooks to them. 
When all of the dozen weights had been prepared, she held one of them up for
candi to see.  "This will be fun!", she announced.  "Now we'll see what kind of
stuff you're made of, candi.  Are you really the good for nothing lesbian cunt
that your "mother" and sister think you are, or do you have a little something
inside you that nobody has seen yet?  I just don't know!  I'd like for you to
give me your tongue now."

Surprisingly, the little thing was still cooperating.  She opened her mouth and
poked her bright pink tongue partway out.  It was enough for Karen to hook a
weight onto it.  She then hooked one onto each ear, each nipple, and each side
of her outer lips through each of the six rings there.  She had one weight left,
so she hung it in the center of the chain that was still suspended between
candi's nipple rings. 

Karen stepped back to appreciate her work.  She sliced the dog whip through the
air a few times, feeling her nipples rise and her pussy moisten in anticipation
of striping the little cunt's perfect, alabaster skin one more time.  It was
just too bad she couldn't remove the collar and experience the cute mewling and
begging that she knew candi would have been happy to supply.  You can't have
everything, she told herself.

Candi's bulging eyes were a delight to watch as she strained to see what Karen
was doing.  How the poor thing hated being whipped.  That was something she had
in common with her slutty sister.  They would both come to appreciate the kiss
of the whip soon enough.  It was preferable to a host of other options.

Karen stepped forward, taking a position that would enable her to place a
well-aimed stripe horizontally across the girl's soft white tummy.  Anything she
could do to get her firmed up there would be a good thing.  Just as she drew the
whip pack and began to take aim, however, she heard tinkling on the top of the
shiny tin can.  Looking down, she saw that the little tart was peeing herself. 
Karen grinned.  It was always good when they were so scared that the peed.  You
knew you had their attention then.  It was never good to allow anything to
distrupt a thrashing, so Karen hesitated only a moment before she stepped into
the swing, delivering the most powerful whip strike she could muster straight
across the girl's midsection with a resounding "CRACk".

Even before the whip struck home Karen was aware that candi had panicked.  Not
knowing what to do, the girl had begun to backpedal in her ballet shoes,
producing a deep, rapid drumming sound on the top of the can.  Karen heard a
very brief but distinct yelp that was instantly extinguished by the quick
inflation of the collar.  The whip struck just as the clumsy thing was losing
her footing altogether and falling off the bucket.

She tumbled straight down, landing in a heap that was quite unladylike.  All
that moved was a rapidly dying stream of pee that cascaded a few inches up into
the air before falling onto her smooth young thigh and eventually into the soft
grass.  Her eyes bulged and spun around wildly.  Her face had already darkened
several shades as the collar tightened to the point that she could not breath. 
She flopped her arms a few times before losing consciousness. 

Karen laughed uproariously and the deliciously cruel thing she had just done. 
The dumb little girlpig had no idea she wouldn't be dangling  from the end of
her nose if she slipped.  Karen had created every illusion necessary to make it
appear that would happen.  She had, however, carefully looped the light chain
over a small wire nail that she had installed earlier.  Though she had been a
bit anxious that it might not let go as quickly as she intended, she was sure
the creature would not suffer any lasting damage.  If she did something stupid
like ripping her nose out, she'd have to get rid of her and that wouldn't be
convenient at all.  The dumb girl had spent a good part of the day fretting
about something that couldn't happen.  What a fun ruse!, Karen thought. 

She heard the light hissing of the collar expelling it's air and returning to
normal so that it''s victim could breath again.  Stepping closer, she reached
down to make sure candi was breathing.   Finding that she was, she casually
rearranged her body until she could be locked into a nice, tight hogtie and left
to wake up in the grass in the shade of the magnolia.



Karen was faintly aware of some things going on with the slut from what she
could hear in the earpiece, but was too preoccupied with her plans for candi to
pay much attention.  Unless words were being spoken, it was often too difficult
to get any meaning out of background noise and various rustlings to make it
worthwhile to try.



Tom Parker had taken Carol to his office and threatened to have her suspended. 
He had said that there wasn't much he could do since so many reports of her bad
behavior had been sent up to the office that he had to react somehow.  If only
she had been able to act normally none of this had happened, but, he said, there
might be some way...

So, Carol had done him again.  Happily.  She cared nothing for him or what he
thought or did.  He was a fat bastard and she had nothing but contempt for him. 
But, his cock had produced for her and she was happy to drink from it again.  It
hadn't taken but a few minutes, and she was gratified to finally be making her
way to her car with a fresh coating of cum in her throat. 

She still walked very carefully, stopping whenever the balls in her pussy caused
her to reach the threshold of orgasm.  The parking lot was virtually empty, with
the exception of a few seemingly abandoned cars and an old Ford conversion van
that was parked just past her car.   Just as she was inserting her key into the
doorlock, she heard a voice calling out from behind her.

"Yo!  Carol!"

It was that boy...that Tommy Wingate.  The boy who had pinched her that morning. 
Oh, God!, she thought.  Turning, she saw him holding the side door open,
beckoning her to climb into his van.  "Smoke some weed?  Wanna party?", he asked
with that nasty, worldly grin that was his trademark.  She remembered her
instructions to be agreeable to everyone, but this was different. 

"Uh.  No thanks, Tommy.  I, ah..."
"Get in the fuckin' van!", he said, glaring into her eyes.  "Or else everyone in
the school will know you weren't wearing panties today!".

It wasn't much of a threat in terms of the new hierarchy of Carol's concerns.
But, she felt completely powerless to do anything but get in the van.  She had
instructions.  Getting into her car would not be following those instructions,
even though that was what her instincts were telling her to do.  He was kinda
cute, though.  In a dangerous, unpredictable kind of way.  She pushed her door
closed and turned toward him.  She smiled warmly as though everything about this
were absolutely normal.  He was devouring her with his eyes as she approached
and eased by him into the van.  She felt his hand on her ass as she stepped up
into it and took a seat in one of the captain's chairs in the back.  It was a
seedy, filthy van, and it smelled of pot.  He pulled the door closed and stood,
hunched over, looking at her.  He reminded her of one of Megan's friends.

"Wassup, girl?", he asked.

She knew what he meant.  He wanted an explanation for, well, "it".  She feigned
lack of understanding.  "Not much", she replied nervously.

"Well now," he continued, "it's not every day the sexiest teacher in the whole
school dresses up like a whore.  I even heard you did Parker!"

Carol's face flushed bright red in shame. 

He laughed out loud.  "I knew it!", he exclaimed. 

She hung her head, wishing she could just go home.

"How 'bout ol' Tommy here.  Is he gonna get left outta the action?"  He grabbed
his crotch with one hand and pointed to it with the other. 

Without looking up, she mumbled, "Um, no.  I guess not."  She was stirring
again.  She wished she could stop it, but it was coming...the desire...she
wanted this - anytime, anywhere.  She wanted his cock.  What was it like?  She
had to know.  She hoped he would fill her mouth with his cum.  She hoped he
would cum like he never had before. 

She heard him pull his fly down, and looked up.  He was unbuttoning his jeans
and pushing them down around his ankles.  His cock was already hard.  She
focused on it.  It was nicely proportioned.  Small as compared to what she was
accustomed to but certainly average, at least.  She slid down off the captain's
chair as Tommy moved to the back of the van and sat, knees wide, on the bench
seat there.  Carol crawled forward, eyes focused on the object of her obsession. 
She was already breathing hard before she was close enough to take him in.  He
reached down and roughly jerked her top off, tossing it over his shoulder into a
small cargo area.  He pushed her into an upright kneeling position and reached
around to undo her little skirt.  It fell down around her knees.  "Gimme that.",
he ordered. 

She pulled her slender legs through the skirt and handed it to him.  Over his
shoulder it went.  He reached forward and roughly groped at her breasts.  His
hands were cold.  "I been watching these nipples for four years now, Ms.
Sizemore.  I knew I'd get my hands on 'em one way or another."  He tugged
crudely forward and back on her nipples, as though milking a cow.  "These damned
things have caused many a hard-on.  I had no idea they'd get this long!  Holy
shit!  You're a freak, Ms. Sizemore.  Wait'll the boys know how long these
things get!  Bald pussy too.  Alright!"

Carol remained quiet.  Her motor was revving despite Tommy's crudity and
roughness.  What did she expect?  She was his play toy for the moment. Why
wouldn't he take advantage of it?

He bent forward to suck on her nipples, and she reached down to take hold of his
stiff cock and began stroking it.  She was mindful of the need to be careful, no
need to cause him to spill his stuff outside of her mouth.  That would be a
waste.  The warm wetness of his lips and tongue working her long, hard nipples
was awesome.   His technique was not the greatest.  It felt like a baby wolf was
eagerly suckling her.  But, oh...it felt great!

After a couple of minutes that seemed like hours to Carol, he finally leaned
back and pulled her head down over his cock.  She was anxious to see how easy it
would be to take him all the way into her throat.  The black man in the video
store who had raped her mouth was so much bigger that she was confident she
could swallow this one without any trouble.  He pushed the back of her head down
until his cock met the back of her throat.  Before he could push further, she
eased herself down a bit more, adjusting her angle, and swallowed.  He slipped
easily through and down her throat!  She thought by his reaction that this had
never been done for him, and she was glad.  She pushed and dragged and swirled
her tongue over the underside and around the head as he began pumping her head
up and down on his slender cock.  Tommy was worldly for his age, but he was
still a young man.  He couldn't hold back for long.  When he started thrusting
his hips upward in conjunction with pulling her head back down she knew he was
close.  He started to moan as his orgasm approached, rapidly building,
faster...she was...loving it...being face fucked...the whore...the cum
slit....she wanted...him...to...

Grunting loudly he quickly pulled her head up by her ponytail with his right
hand while grabbing and pumping his cock with his left.  He was going to cum on
her face!  But she wanted...she opened her mouth wide, watching closely to try
to catch the first...it was coming...

Tommy could see the crazy whore open her mouth wide.  She wanted it in
there...for him to cum in her mouth.  He aimed higher...the first spurt shooting
out forcefully and hitting her between her eyes...she struggled, pushing her
head up to catch the next one...he pulled to the left...on her cheek...than
another...her chin...ohhhhhhhhh...Tommy shoved his cock back into her mouth to
be cleaned off by the cum-splattered whore.  Oh, shit!  That was great, he
thought.   What a hot fuckin' bitch.  Who would have thought, Ms. Sizemore! 
Tommy began to laugh at his good luck.  She wanted it so bad she was licking it
off him...every drop.  She was gathering the cum off her face onto her fingers
and...she loved it...she was eating it like it was chocolate or something.  This
was un-fucking-believable!






After tormenting candi a bit more she had secured her, gotten dressed, and made
her way to the slut's former home.  Karen was busy going through all of the
slut's remaining possessions and making determinations as to what would be sold,
thrown away, or kept. She planned a busy late afternoon and evening for the
slut, and wanted to be there when she returned from her last day as a teacher.
Slut was past due by about thirty minutes.

Karen wasn't picking up much that she could  decipher through the earpiece she
was using to monitor slut.  It was either malfunctioning, slut was in a very
quiet place, or she had failed to keep it with her.  Karen concluded the most
likely scenario was the last one, which would provide an opportunity for
punishment, along with the tardiness, of course.

She was confident that the improved "white noise" technology that she was
testing had been highly successful in altering slut's mental outlook.  The
static that seemed to innocently follow the porno movies that she played in the
garage nightly had saturated the slut's brain with very specific behavior
parameters.  Used in conjunction with the new drugs Karen had been given tacit
authority to test, slut had quickly become a compliant, though not always
diligently obedient, tool for Karen's use.    With the proper training and some
fine tuning with respect to the drugs, she would have a useful personal servant
in a fraction of the time it usually took.  With slut available as her test
subject, she was free to experiment with candi.

By the time she completed her project, the entire house was in disarray. 
Everything that she had no use for had been thrown on the floor.  This amounted
to a good seventy-five percent of the contents, she thought.  Most of it would
bring a nice return at the slut's yard sale.  Karen suddenly heard a car door
close in the earpiece.  Then she heard a car start.  The slut had left her purse
in her car and was most likely now on her way home.  It sounded like she might
be crying.  Most likely fear, Karen thought.  The poor thing hated to be
punished, but punished she would be. 



Carol was nearly frantic with the realization that she was so late.  Time had
gotten away from her.  She had been betrayed by her lust for...Tommy's cock.  It
had been a great disappointment for her not to have been able to swallow his cum
directly, as she knew some had been wasted.  None should ever be wasted, she
thought.  She shook her head.  Her thoughts were confusing her.  Why?  What was
happening to her?  Oh, God!  Miss Karen is going to be waiting, and...she'll be
pissed.  Carol drove as though every second she saved would somehow reduce her
punishment.  By the time she wheeled the car into the driveway she had worked
herself into a near-panic state.  Her chest was heaving, she was sweating, and
her heart was beating as though she had just finished a hard run.  She ran up to
the entrance and assumed her position:  Hands clasped behind her neck, elbows
held wide, legs spread about three feet, chest up and out, back arched, and eyes
lowered.  She waited, and waited...and waited. 



Karen had decided well before the slut finally showed up that she would need to
wait for the same period of time that she had been late.  And, she did.  It was
nearly four thirty when Karen finally opened the door and ordered her to strip,
but to leave her heels on.  Next Karen put her on her knees, just inside the
door, and ordered her to give an accounting of the school day.  Karen was simply
interested in how the slut's mind was characterizing events in her life. 



Carol felt totally humiliated by the time she finished explaining to Miss Karen
all that had happened to her that day.  I big part of the reason why was the
micro recorder Miss Karen had turned on and placed in front of her on the floor. 
Every word was recorded.  She provided explicit details about her orgasm in the
parking lot and the three blow jobs she had given.  She talked about how horny
she had been, how her...cunt...had felt, and explained what it had been like to
go through an entire school day dressed as a shameless whore.

All during this bizarre confession period she wondered why her house was torn
up.  There were piles of things on the floor everywhere she looked.  It looked
like what she imagined an amateur burglary to look like, except it was much too
orderly to have been that.  Miss Karen didn't seem so very upset. Carol thought
she would have been whipped already if she had been highly agitated.  Maybe it
would be okay.  It seemed like forever had passed since Carol had last seen Miss
Karen this morning, reclining naked, sipping coffee while Carol paraded back and
forth for her in the little slut outfit.  
She felt much more relaxed now that she was finally home, and didn't mind
telling Ms. Karen about her day.  There was nobody else to tell.



Every characterization the slut made had been in a sexual context.  She had
clearly gotten to the point where Karen wanted her.  Being both compliant and
constantly needful of both her own sexual release and a burning desire to
satisfy others sexually was the first threshold in her plan to develop the slut
into a first-rate personal servant. 

"So, if I understand you correctly, you spent the day parading your slutty self
in front of a school full of teenagers and managed to suck off the principal
twice as well as a student.  Is that correct.?"

"Um.  Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol replied.  What could she say?

"Tell me why I might not have heard all of this.  When did you forget to keep
your purse with you?"

A sense of dread descended over Carol.  She hadn't even though about it, but she
had left her purse in the car when Tommy had called her to his van.  She
confessed this to Miss Karen.

"You were late getting home because you were on your knees in a student's van,
giving him a blowjob.  I didn't know about it because you FORGOT to follow your
instructions?"

"Yes, Miss Karen."   Carol hung her head in shame.  She hated it when she
displeased Miss Karen.  She only wanted to make her happy. 

"I am not sure if I could find anyone in the world who would say that you
weren't completely out of control, slut."
"No, Miss Karen."

"I will think about what punishment might be appropriate.  I must say I am
relieved that school is over with and that I have you full-time now.  Don't
begin to think that you're going to have it easy.  Your life now is going to be
very, very demanding.  Do you understand?"

Carol answered, then placed her hand over her mouth, signifying a request to
speak.  Miss Karen sighed heavily.

"What!", she snapped.

Carol faltered.  Her confidence was at an all-time low.  "Um, this slut
is...very sorry, Miss Karen.  This slut will work hard to make you happy." 
There.  She felt better. 

"Time will tell, slut.  Time will tell."

"Yes, Miss Karen."

Time to get on with the business at hand, Karen thought.  She didn't have the
time or desire to chit-chat with the slut.  "You're having a yard sale tomorrow. 
All of the things on the floor are what I don't want.  What can be sold you will
carry to the garage.  What you think would not sell will be put in garbage bags
and piled just inside the gate in the back yard.  There are labels and a pen on
the breakfast nook counter.  You'll price every item after you have removed them
all to the garage.  Do you understand?"

"Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol replied.  All of her things...her husband's...their
possessions...thrown away or sold?  How could...?

"By the way, your sister, Megan, is it?  Yes, she called today.  I had a nice,
long talk with her about you. I told her how concerned I was about you and
your...well, activities.  She wasn't surprised.  She said she always knew you
were a slut.  I had no idea anyone could be as cruel to a little sister as you
were.  Did you really call her "cuntlicker" while she was growing up?" 

Carol was startled, stunned.  "Uh...yes, Miss Karen.", she muttered. 

"And you used to sit on her face and make her lick you?", Karen asked
incredulously.

Carol felt her face heat up, she knew she was blushing bright red.  "No!  No,
it's not...that's not true, ah, Miss Karen."

Karen knew the truth.  It was written all over the slut's face.  It was
immaterial what came out of her mouth.  Karen ignored the denial.  "Oh, by the
way...I have made a "date" for you with the nice boy who helped you load your
cage the other night, remember?"

Carol was having difficulty jumping subjects.  She wasn't able to settle things
in her mind before the next shock hit her.  "Yes, Miss Karen.  I, sorry.  This
slut remembers him."

"Good!  I'm delighted.  He gets off work tonight at ten o'clock.  You're meeting
him in the parking lot at work.  You're giving him a blowjob in his car.  Then,
you're going to tell him he can get a free blowjob every week if he can get ten
of his friends to call your cellphone number to schedule their own blowjobs.  If
not, he'll have to pay thirty dollars like everyone else.  Do you understand
this?"

Oh, God!  "Um, why?...yes, Miss Karen.", Carol replied.  Thirty dollars?  Like
everyone else?  What did that mean?  Was she...was...?

"When you've completed your little task for the yard sale we'll get you in
contact with your friend Ralph.  He'll be invited over at his earliest
opportunity and you'll have him fuck you in the ass out by the pool.  Won't that
be fun?"

Out by the pool?  Here?  Oh, my God!, Carol thought.  Then the image of his cock
sprang to mind and she didn't feel so badly.  Who would know?  "Yes, Miss
Karen."

"Good!  Now get busy!"  Karen turned and strolled off to the kitchen to make
herself a nice dinner. 

Carol rose and began hustling about the house, carrying armloads full of items
back and forth to the garage.  Her mind was completely preoccupied with thoughts
of the decadent things she would be doing soon.  She continued to be tormented
by the metal balls sliding around inside her.  In only a couple of minutes her
inner thighs were wet and her nipples were standing straight out.  She found
that her many distractions prevented her from focusing on and caring about the
items she was taking to the garage.  She simply wanted to finish the job to end
the delicious torture going on in her pussy.  It felt wonderful and it made her
feel so very excited.  But, if she weren't permitted an orgasm it all added up
to nothing more than frustration.  If she could just take them out...but would
she?  She wasn't sure, now that she thought about it.  It wasn't terribly bad to
be so horny...she told herself not to think, but to do.  Thinking got her in
trouble.  Just do. Don't think.




CHAPTER XVII: School's Out Part 4

Carol hadn't eaten anything substantial in days.  The smell of Miss Karen's
cooking had caused her to realize just how hungry she really was.  The few
cucumbers, bananas, and carrots she had been fed hadn't done much to give her
that comfortable, full feeling that she longed for.  It was a disappointment
when Miss Karen finished eating and placed her dishes in the sink.  Carol was
quite busy trying to price all the items she had carried to the garage to be
sold tomorrow, and assumed nothing had been saved for her to eat - again. 

She had successfully bagged up more than thirty trash bags full of possessions
that could not be sold and were to be thrown out.  She had piled them up in the
corner of the back yard just inside the privacy fence gate next to the garage. 
Through it all, her level of excitement never subsided.  She had to stop what
she was doing several times and wait patiently for the early stirrings of an
orgasm to pass.  The whole house smelled of her pussy, she knew.  She was coated
with her own juices down to her knees.  Her feet were killing her as she had
been in the heels for more than thirteen hours.  Running around the house naked
was arousing in and of itself.  She saw how Miss Karen looked at her, and only
longed to be used by her.  She so wanted to be between those long legs, and
wondered why she hadn't been given the chance.  To increase her odds she paid
close attention to her movements, attempting in every way to ensure she moved
enticingly and with sexual grace, as Miss Karen had begun to teach her.  If
only...

Carol had been working for so long in pricing her things that she was startled
when Miss Karen entered the garage.

"Where is the title to the car, slut?", she asked casually.

"Um...above the refrigerator...in the cabinet above the refrigerator, Miss
Karen.", Carol stammered. 

"You'll need to hurry.", Karen said flatly as she walked back into the house.
She didn't have any use for the car, but a minivan might come in handy.  She
would have the slut trade it in tomorrow after the yard sale.  Karen retrieved
the title and put it on the kitchen counter. 



Carol finally completed the assignment at about eight o'clock and sought out
Miss Karen for further instructions.  She found her in the living room,
rearranging some of the items that had been kept in the house.  Carol
appreciated what she had done.  Her...owner was a very intelligent and capable
woman.  Now Carol knew she had good design sense, too.  Carol assumed her
position and waited patiently while Miss Karen continued to redecorate.  Her
mind had been preoccupied with thoughts of Ralph's long, beautiful cock filling
her ass, and of the boy, the...stranger she was going to suck tonight.  She
loved the powerlessness of knowing what would be expected of her and that she
could, or would, do nothing about it.   She did what she was told.  That was
simple.   She was happy that way...and she was horny that way.



Karen noted when the slut entered, but chose to ignore her to see if she would
exhibit any weakness by resorting to making a sound.  She didn't, which was
good.  "Go do the dishes, take the trash out, wipe down the kitchen counters,
pour me a scotch, and be back here in five minutes.", Karen ordered without
turning around. 

While the slut scurried off to complete her work Karen opened her sports bag and
neatly arranged a pair of butterfly clamps, handcuffs, a household fly swatter,
and a large latex dildo featuring a suction cup base on the coffee table.   Then
she continued moving figurines, lamps, some artwork, books, and other items
around the room until it began to suit her.

The slut returned within the allotted time and was allowed to spend a few more
minutes waiting.  Karen knew she could clearly see the items on the coffee table
and wanted her to have some time to ponder what might be in store for her. 
Karen could not catch her changing position, sighing, or watching her as she
moved around the room.   The slut stayed dutifully motionless and in perfect
position, including holding the drink out so that Karen could easily grasp it
when she wanted it. 

"Tell me how you contact Ralphy whenever you are desperate for a little tryst
with his big black cock, slut.", Karen said as she stepped closer to retrieve
the drink. 

"I, ah.  Sorry.  This slut dials his cellphone, Miss Karen.  If it rings I hang
up after one ring.  If the message recorder is on I say " wrong number" and hang
up.  He usually calls back to my cell phone within a few minutes.", Carol
explained nervously.



Karen ordered her to go into the guest bathroom and remove the anal plug from
her ass and the ben-wa balls from her cunt, then get her cellphone.       




Carol was grateful at first to be able to free herself of the intrusive
reminders of her status that had plagued her all day.  Once she had them out,
however, she felt oddly empty...she missed them.  She had gotten so used to
their presence that now it felt strange that she was not filled front and back. 
She retrieved her cellphone and returned to the living room, where Miss Karen
ordered her to stand at the corner of the coffee table on which the dildo had
been mounted.  It looked delicious to Carol, so long and nicely formed.  It was
a nice size.  It would feel good inside her...cunt. 

"Dial his number.", Karen ordered as she spread a bit of lubricant over the tip
of the dildo.

Carol dialed.  It rang once and she hung up.

"Now, turn around with your back to the table.  You're going to spread your legs
now, and lower yourself down..."

As Carol began to lower her body toward the table she noted Miss Karen adjusting
the tip of the dildo no so that it was ready to slip into her cunt, but instead
held it against her ass.  Carol hesitated, hoping Miss Karen was mistaken,
hoping her cunt would be filled.  She didn't want...

"Ease down now, slut.  Put your hands down on the table behind you and lean
back.", Miss Karen instructed her. 

She understood and appreciated the purpose of being filled all day with the anal
plug.  She was surprised at how easily the large dildo began to slide up into
her without pain.  She cramped a bit after it was what she thought to be three
or four inches into her, but Miss Karen was allowing her to take it at her own
pace.  She was grateful for that...it felt...so...dirty to be doing this. 
So...wrong!  But, she saw her nipples elongating and knew the other side of her
was finding it to be, well...nice to be...filled again.  As she worked herself
up a bit and down a bit further, she felt Miss Karen clasping a pair of
handcuffs on her wrists.  She also walked around in front of Carol and kicked
her ankles out wider.  So wide, in fact that her cunt lips separated, spilling a
fresh dab of her love juices down over herself and onto the table.   Miss Karen
installed the butterfly clamps on either nipple, close to it's base.  Carol
winced at first but immediately began to appreciate the constant bite they
provided on her hard nipples.  Carol was wrapped up in the lewdness of what she
was doing now...enjoying feeling the thing probe her more deeply...being curious
about how good it would feel when she could completely sit on it...fucking
herself now...in long, luscious strokes...mmmmmmmm, it felt good!  Miss Karen
was aiming now...holding the flyswatter in her right hand, down low, ready to
swat her cunt with a quick upward snap of the wrist.  OH!  mmmmmm...good!  Oh,
God!  It was....so....up and down...faster, fucking, fucking and fucking...God
it felt sooooooooogoooood.  Mmmmmmmmmmmm.  SLAP!  OH! ssssssslut!   She was a
slut....a whore for sex oh, God!  It felt soooo good!  The sound...she
mmmmmm....SLAP!  Ah!

Karen was enjoying her little tableau.  The slut was readily fucking herself on
the long black dildo, and was clearly feeling as wanton as the horniest slut
that could be imagined.  To have seen so much dignity disappear and be replaced
so quickly with this sort of...well, shamelessness was another clear
verification that her accelerated training experiment was working.   She could
clearly see the slut's wet little clit poking it's bright pink head out from
among the glistening folds of cunt flesh. It made for a nice target.  Each time
Karen swatted at it she sent a jolt of pure pleasure through the slut's body to
her brain.  It was an entertaining thing to see, as the slut tended to roll her
eyes in reaction to each swat.  She was taking the full length of the thing, and
riding it as though she would never get enough of it.  As Karen had hoped, the
cellphone rang just as things seemed to be ready to peak for the slut. "Keep
fucking, slut!  Don't slow down or you will have a real problem!  Beg him to
come here and fuck you in the ass tonight after eleven p.m. or tomorrow evening
between eight and ten p.m." 

"Ummmmyessssmissssskaren!"

Carol, with her hands cuffed behind her on the table and legs spread wide,
continued raising and lowering her ass over the dildo as Miss Karen pressed the
phone to her ear.  "Ummhello?", she answered. 

"Hey baby." Ralph purred in reply.  His voice was soooo sexy. 

"Hi!  I need you....mmmmm....to...ah....come fuck me in my ass,  Ralph, please?"

Ralph noted the breathlessness and wondered what was going on.  She was really
hot for him.  She wanted fucked in the ass?  She never talked like that
before...and never asked to be...crazy bitch.   Too bad he was on duty, or he
could meet her at the motel...

"I....nnnnnneed you to come here by my house and fuck me in the ass!  Please?",
Carol repeated, desperate to complete her assignment and have Miss Karen attend
to her clit again.  "Please?  Come tonight?"

"Ah baby.  I's on duty.  Tomorrow?"

"Yessssssokay.  Tomorrow night between eight...between eight and ten okay?
Okay...ummmmmmmmyesss.  Okay.  See you then."

When Karen knew the conversation had ended she termintated the call.  Tossing
the cellphone onto the couch, she picked up the swatter.  "Stop, slut.", she
ordered.
Carol was beside herself with desire.  She couldn't believe...NOT...NOW!  She
was soooooohot!  Oh...

"NOW SLUT!", Karen screamed, slapping her open-handed across her left cheek.

Carol was knocked sideways by the blow, tears instantaneously bursting forth
with the pain and frustration and regret and fear of the moment.   Miss Karen
was above her now, screaming and cursing, whipping her relentlessly with the
swatter...across her breasts, her arms, whatever target it seemed to find.  The
sting of it was manageable.  What Carol feared more than that was the
displeasure of her Mistress...her...owner.  She dared not speak or cry out, but
couldn't help but cry uncontrollably as the insults and stinging swats rained
down on her.  She covered up...and allowed Miss Karen to have her way until she
finally, mercifully, stopped. 



An hour and a half later Carol found herself, again, dressed like a slut.  Miss
Karen had put her in a pair of little blue nylon shorts and a tube top, and
nothing else.  Not even shoes.  She had been handed one condom and was told to
meet the boy in the parking lot, give him a blowjob using the condom to collect
his cum.  Miss Karen said the full condom must be presented to her when Carol
got home in order for her to qualify for her reward.  She was to tell the boy he
could get a free blowjob every week as long as he got ten friends to call her
cellphone number within the next three days and schedule themselves blowjobs for
thirty dollars each.  She was to give him the cellphone number, then return
home.

The now usual fear and dread that Carol experienced each time Miss Karen put her
through another humiliating experience were still present.  Carol remained
exceptionally horny, however, and the thought of sucking another cock was very
appealing to her despite the circumstances.  She felt empty, worthless, and
unused with nothing in her pussy or ass, and knew she would feel much better
once she had a real cock in her mouth to satisfy.  She had soaked through the
too-small shorts even before she had gotten the car started.   She knew she
couldn't avoid toying with herself just a bit as she drove to the warehouse
store, and ended up wishing the drive were a little longer.  She was beginning
to relish the taste of her own sex, and spent some of the drive time drenching
her fingers in her juices and sucking them dry.  By the time she got there, her
car smelled so strongly of sex that even she noticed it.  She thought it might
become a permanent fragrance given the amount of herself that had poured out
onto the seat over the past few days. 





Karen returned home after sending the slut off to do a bit of marketing.  She
found candi just where she had left her, looking frightened and uncomfortable as
she lay in the grass, hogtied.  Karen reached between her legs and spread her
smooth labia enough to force a finger inside her, probing for the egg she had
inserted a few hours before.  She was surprised both by the fact that the
batteries were still functioning and that candi was producing copius amounts of
her sweet nectar.  She pulled the egg out and shut it off before placing it in
candi's mouth for safekeeping.  Licking her fingers clean, Karen began removing
all of the lead fishing weights that she had suspended from candi's various
piercings. 

Once finished, she unlocked the girl's wrist cuffs from her ankle cuffs and
allowed her a few seconds to stretch.  Karen had a great deal of confidence in
the collar she had been testing on candi.  It had proven to be effective at
keeping her silenced.  Karen knew that eventually candi could be taught to
accept virtually any punishment silently, which would be an endearing attribute. 
Candi remained nicely striped across her midsection.  It was clear that the egg
was keeping her nicely aroused.  Though she was obviously fearful of Karen and
anything she might do, the desire in her eyes was as easy to read as a
children's book. 

Karen bent to take the leash in her hand.  "Come now, piggie.  Time for a little
walk!", she exclaimed enthusiastically.  The evening air was descending,
bringing relief from the oppressive heat that had been present all day.  Karen
knew the creature had to be thirsty, so she walked her over to the faucet that
was mounted on the privacy wall about half the distance toward the back of the
house.  Candi crawled along nicely, as though she didn't find being on all fours
at all unnatural. 
Karen nudged her head up tightly toward the faucet and turned it on.  Cold water
shot out into candi's face, splashing off her nose and down onto the grass. 
Karen stepped back to avoid getting wet.  "Have a little drink now, candi.",
Karen ordered. 



Megan was so thirsty she wished at first that she could just put her lips around
the faucet and drink all the water that was coming out.  She drank greedily
until she was completely sated, feeling her belly sag under the weight of all
the water she had taken in.  It felt good to have the cold water splashing over
her face and head, and she took advantage of it by dipping her head under it and
trying to get it to spray across her back.  She had been so hot all day that
anything cool was a welcome relief.  She felt grateful that she wasn't being
abused, at least for the moment, and that she could drink freely from the faucet
rather than from the bowl.   She had managed a couple of great orgasms while she
lay in the shade by rolling over onto her belly and grinding her pussy down into
the grass while the egg droned on  inside her.  She thought it was probably
something she shouldn't have done, and felt guilty about it for some reason.  It
was all so confusing.  She didn't feel so disoriented anymore and had spent a
considerable amount of time while she was alone to ponder her fate.  Being
completely shaved and pierced as she was did not seem to her to be the sort of
thing someone did to you if they planned to let you go.  That was...kind of
beyond, like, just kidding, or, like, it was just a crazy idea.  There couldn't
be any innocent explanation or excuse for doing that to somebody.  So, she
worried...that this was, maybe, not a good thing at all.  It was so sick and
kinky and weird...and confusing in so many ways.  The lady was so pretty,
though.  And, she treated Megan as though she owned her.  There was something
about that that Megan liked.  She didn't know what, though.  She just liked that
part of it.  Maybe, she felt like she finally belonged someplace rather than
always feeling like the outcast or the misfit.  The lady was accepting her as
her own.  But, she whipped her, too.  She was cruel, or could be cruel.  Megan's
feet hurt.  The weird shoes that had been put on her were similar to the braces
that had bent her feet so painfully her first couple of days.  She preferred the
shoes to the braces, but they weren't exactly a walk in the park.  She wondered
why they had even been put on her, as they obviously weren't suitable for
walking...

"Do you have to pee, candi?", the woman asked.

Megan, unable to speak, simply nodded.  The lady turned the faucet off and
tugged the leash, leading her toward the middle of the yard.  "Have you ever
seen a female dog pee?", she asked conversationally.

Megan looked up.  She nodded. 

"Good!  You'll pee like a little bitch should candi, but only with permission,
do you understand?"

The lady patted Megan on her bald head as she nodded.  "You'll need to spread
your knees wide and lower your little cunt down toward the grass.  I'll expect
your back to be nicely arched."

Megan did as was directed, but found her feet being kicked out wider.  "Turn
your toes out and push the inside of your feet and your lower legs down flat
against the ground.  That's it.  Arch your back...good!  Arms straight
down...now pee."



After teaching the little pig how to pee Karen looped a light chain around each
leg just above the knee and snapped the other end to each respective nipple
ring.  Then she retrieved a pair of bondage mittens from her supply box and
fitted them over candi's tiny hands.  In this way the little thing could be kept
from standing but could still crawl quite comfortably.  The fingerless mittens
locked in place around her wrists, preventing her from being able to unfasten
the chains.  She held her hand in front of candi's mouth to accept the egg and
put it away.  "You need some exercise.  I'll expect to see you crawling around
out here at all times until further notice.  Do you understand?"

The creature looked up at her plaintively and nodded.
"You are never to look a superior in the eye again, piggie.  Your eyes are never
to focus on anything above a pussy or cock, do you understand?"

Candi nodded.

"Good.  Now, the pool and the deck around it are off limits to you.  Stay in the
grass and move about quickly or things may be unpleasant for you."

With that, Karen dropped the leash and turned to enter the house.  She needed to
assemble her incline stocks as she intended to use them tomorrow.  She was quite
confident the little cunt would keep herself busy crawling around the yard until
she told her otherwise.



Megan turned to begin crawling around the yard, dragging the leash between her
legs and worrying that the chains attached to her knees would hurt her if they
tugged on the nipple rings too harshly.  The heavy leather mitts on her hands
were strange.  It took her a while to understand why they had been put on her. 
It hadn't occurred to her that she would have taken the chains off even if she
could.  There was no telling what the lady...Karen, or whatever, what she would
do.  It was best just to do what she was told and hope for the best.



Only a few days earlier Carol would have felt like a dirty whore waiting in a
dark section of the warehouse store parking lot for a practical stranger to come
meet her for a blowjob.  As it was, she was keeping herself on the verge of a
shattering orgasm while she waited to get another cock into her mouth.  She
didn't like the idea of having to use a condom as it would prevent her from
getting the reward she wanted, but instant gratification would have to take a
back seat to specific instructions from Miss Karen in this case.  She had the
condom in her hand, ready to put it on the boy as soon as she could either get
him in her car or get into his.  Her other hand was between her legs, gliding up
and down over her sopping wet cunt lips, carefully avoiding her throbbing clit
because of the certainty that it would put her over the edge.  The tight little
shorts presented her with enough of a problem in that they crept up so tightly
into her that it was difficult to avoid being aroused.  Now, at least, with the
shorts pulled out of the way, she could keep her clit from coming into contact
with anything but the cool air conditioning that blew out from under her dash. 

She barely remembered the boy.  When she had last been here, dressed like a
hooker and freshly gang fucked, she was so shocked by events and so humiliated
by her appearance that she avoided eye contact with everyone.  The last thing
she would have done is ask the boy for his phone number.  She had thought Miss
Karen had gotten it only to add to her humiliation, not to actually contact him
and arrange for a quick blowjob in the parking lot.

Finally, the boy exited the building and approached the area where she had
parked.  She had no idea what Miss Karen had told him.  She only knew what she
was to do and say to him.  She flashed her headlights at him, hoping he would
come to her car.  He turned in her direction, looking nervous.  Carol tugged her
tight shorts back over her pussy and quickly licked her fingers off.

He approached the driver's side, so she lowered her window. 

"Hey.", he said flatly.

"Hi!", Carol replied enthusiastically.  "Good to see you again!", she added.

"Uh huh."  He glanced around quickly.  "What's up?"

"What do you mean?"

"What, uh, what did you want to meet me for?"

"Oh!", Carol thought quickly.  He hadn't been told.  She didn't want to scare
him off.  That was the first thing.  "I, ah.  I wanted to talk to you.  C'mon. 
Have a seat!"  She patted the passenger seat. 

He hesitated, looking around more.  "About what?"

This wasn't going to be easy, Carol thought.  "Oh, stuff!  C'mon!"

"Stuff?",  he asked nonchalantly.  "What's "stuff" gonna cost me?"

He thinks I'm a hooker, Carol thought.  Who wouldn't?  She wanted to tell him
she wasn't a hooker, but then thought about what she was supposed to propose to
him, which would prove she was a hooker.  But she wasn't, really. 
Not...voluntarily, really.  "Nothing.  I'll make you an offer you can't
refuse!", she finally answered, smiling. 

"Okay?  And?"

She liked the boy.  He seemed like a nice kid.  Probably taking night classes or
saving to go to college in a couple years.  He was streetwise, though.  No
dummy.
"Wellllll,..." She said, using what she thought was her most seductive voice. 
"...I, ah, need to make some money and, well.  I was thinking a nice guy like
you probably knows a few people that aren't so bad.  Sooooo..."  For emphasis
she pulled down the tube top with both hands to display her breasts and stiff
nipples to him.  "...I was going to offer you, like, a free blowjob every week
that you can arrange for at least, like, ten buddies to meet me somewhere for
blowjobs for, like, thirty dollars?"  Now she felt like a whore.  Now she knew
she had just stated her price and her plan, and that all of it added up to her
being nothing more than a hooker.  She blushed.  She was suddenly ashamed, and
wanted to be a hundred miles away. 

"Who was that lady with you when you bought your cage?" 

"Oh.  That was, ah, Karen.  She is my...friend."

"Hmmm.  It seemed like she was kind of like in charge of you?"

"Um...maybe a little bit.", Carol answered, feeling uncomfortable with exposing
anything relating to the nature of her relationship with Miss Karen. 

"So I get a free blowjob every week that I can get ten customers for you?"

"Basically, yes.  Starting now, tonight."  She rolled her nipples in her
fingers.  He had his eyes fixed on them as the bulge in his jeans grew a bit
larger. 

"You got any diseases or anything?"  He asked casually.

"Um, no.  But I have a condom for you anyway...I have to..."

"Okay.", he said, surprising her.  He quickly moved around the front of the car
and jumped in the passenger door. 

Carol raised her window back up and turned in his direction.  Puttng her hand on
his thigh, she said, "Let me give you this phone number for you to give out. 
Your friends can call to find out where I'll be and what time to be there,
okay?"

He took the card that her cellphone number had been written on and slid it in
his wallet.  "Okay.", he said noncommitally. 

A brief moment of awkward silence passed between them, before he spoke first. 
"So, how long do I have to wait?"

Carol leaned over to unfasten his jeans.  She wanted that cock.




CHAPTER XVIII  Making Arrangements

Carol drove home feeling she had experienced more than her fair share of guilty
pleasure.  She had dutifully drained the boy, Tommy, into the condom Miss Karen
had supplied for the purpose.  She knotted it at the top and saved it as proof
that she had performed her assigned task.  Tommy was young, though, and Carol
was able to make him hard again, this time for herself.  Though not nearly as
volumous as his first orgasm, she did feel very satified to have fresh cum
coating the back of her throat.  She couldn't explain her obsession with it, but
she loved it and wanted more and more.  Of course, she had allowed Tommy to take
a few liberties with her.  He had gotten a couple of fingers into her and found
that she was more than ready to hump his hand while she sucked his cock.  She
came twice before it was all over.   In the end, Carol knew she had impressed
upon him how very important it would be for him to come up with ten friends for
her to suck.   He certainly would want more of what he had gotten tonight. 

She expected to have to wait in position outside her own door before Miss Karen
would allow her in.  But, only three or four minutes passed before the door
opened and she was waved inside.  Miss Karen held her hand out, and Carol knew
what she wanted.  She placed the filled condom in Miss Karen's hand and was
rewarded with a smile.  That was nice.  Carol never knew quite what to expect. 
She hoped the reward Miss Karen had mentioned earlier would be pleasant.  It
wasn't beyond her to turn a reward into some sort of cruel trick.  Carol still
feared her, and she feared being slapped.  She was told to strip, which only
took a second given that all she wore was the shorts and tube top.  She assumed
her position and waited while Miss Karen took the condom in the direction of the
kitchen.  

Carol was then directed into the living room and placed in a kneeling position
on the coffee table, facing the couch.  Miss Karen assembled a few things,
placing them around the table in different locations.  Carol was afraid to look,
knowing she would either be disappointed or frightened by what she might see. 
She was able to steal a glance here and there at Miss Karen, who was wearing a
nice little sundress that looked comfortable and cool.  It wasn't the sort of
thing Carol was used to seeing her in, and it made her seem a little less
intimidating. 

Finally, when everything must have been in place, Miss Karen stood directly in
front of Carol.  She reached forward and touched Carol just under her chin,
raising her face up until they made eye contact.  Her eyes were so piercing,
Carol thought.  Like she knew every answer before the question was asked. 

"You will keep constant eye contact with me until told otherwise.  Do you
understand?"

"Yes, Miss Karen.", Carol answered nervously.

"We need to update your rules and establish your role so that we can begin to
thoroughly train you to ensure you perform in a satisfactory way." Karen began.

Carol wanted to lower her eyes.  It was so difficult to keep eye contact with
her.  It just didn't seem right.  It wasn't natural. 

"Until now, you have been wallowing around in an undisciplined way, trying to
get yourself fucked and being constantly supervised or bound otherwise.  I have
not been able to trust you to do exactly what you have been told.  At first you
felt you had no choice and did certain things to protect your reputation and
prevent others from emotional distress.  Now, though, I think you have fully
accepted that you are a natural whore and know that you would probably allow
yourself to be a cock hound the rest of your worthwhile days, if you were left
to your own devices."

Tears welled up in Carol's eyes.  The words were true, but she didn't want to
have to admit it.  Not even to herself.  She could see that Miss Karen was
reading her without asking questions. 

"Recite your pledge now, slut."

Carol had no idea what was going to happen.  She was frightened, and her
quavering voice showed it.  "This slut gives herself over for the use and
pleasure of her Mistress.  With no expectation of reward other than what
Mistress may choose and no expectation of ever enjoying her freedom again except
through devoted service to Miss Karen.  I pledge the full application of my
mind, body, and soul to your satisfaction, Mistress."  By the time she finished,
tears were slowly trailing down over her cheeks.  The pledge had passed through
her mind so many times that it was easy to repeat it.  What was troubling to her
now was that it wasn't something she had done reluctantly.  She meant it, but
she didn't know why.  It...didn't make sense. 

Carol knew she was expected to kiss Miss Karen's feet as a final sign of
complete obedience each time she recited her pledge.  But, the requirement to
maintain constant eye contact made that impossible, so she waited, gazing into
those cruel, cold, ice blue eyes.  Miss Karen raised her right leg up and placed
her foot on the edge of the table. 

"You may perform your duty, slut, then return to your position."

Carol bent forward, watching her tears drop onto the tabletop, then onto Miss
Karen's bare foot.  She kissed it passionately, from the toes to the ankle and
back again before being told, "enough".  Reluctantly she rose and reassumed her
position, kneeling, knees spread wide, hands clasped behind her neck, elbows
held back in alignment with her body.  She looked up, into the eyes of her
possessor.  Miss Karen moved her foot forward until her toes came in contact
with Carol's wet pussy.  Carol moaned softly, feeling her nipples lengthening. 

"You may be in a very dangerous situation, slut.", Karen said quietly.  "You
need to make some decisions to ensure your safety."  She wiggled her toes
slowly, feeling them dampening with the slut's cunt juice.  The slut lowered
herself just a touch, stupidly thinking Karen hadn't noticed.  "Given your
whorish behavior lately, I'd say the odds that you have fucked or sucked someone
with AIDS is fairly good.  I'd say that even if you haven't contracted something
fatal yet, you are likely to soon enough."  Karen paused for effect, allowing
the thought to sink in and circulate.   "Fortunately for you, I have access to
both curative medications as well as vaccines that are only available to very
important people, like me.  The trouble is, I'm just not sure you're worth it. 
Are you worth it, slut?"

Carol hadn't though at all about the risks she had taken.  Her overwhelming
horniness had obscured any thoughts she might have had about diseases and
things.  Miss Karen was right.  She might already be...spreading something.  She
nodded quickly.  "Yes, Miss Karen!"

"Well, I have my doubts.  I've lost track of the infractions you've racked up. 
I've been very easy on you, but, as I said, those days are over.  I wonder what
you would be willing to do to illustrate that you are worth saving?  Do you have
any suggestions?"

Carol thought quickly.  "Umm.  Anything, Miss Karen!  Anything you ask!"

The slut was certainly sounding earnest.  Her eyes couldn't lie.  It was too
easy.  "Anything?"

Carol nodded.  "Yes, Miss Karen!", she answered enthusiastically. 

"I see...well then.  I had thought of a problem.  The problem is your old life
and your old relationships.  We need to find a way of disposing of all of it so
that you can begin your new life, and begin it cured of, and protected from, any
life threatening illnesses.  Do you understand?"

Carol, feeling the warm toes slowly exploring the flesh between her legs, was
beside herself with desire...again.  Still she gazed into Miss Karen's
all-knowing eyes.  "Yes, Miss Karen."  She understood. 

"How might we free you of, say, your marriage to...what's his name?"

Carol hadn't thought that far ahead.  She had been thinking of Ray a lot lately,
but mostly in the context of being glad he was gone.  The marriage hadn't
exactly been a passionate or interesting one.  It had taken her out of her
hometown and gotten her to Florida.  Sometimes it seemed like there wasn't much
left.  The frequent separations she endured lasted long enough for her to become
accustomed to being effectively single, only to force her to readapt to having
Ray around between deployments.  She wasn't being asked to choose.  She was
being asked how to get rid of Ray. 

"I could, um.  Oh.  This slut could email him, Miss Karen.  Asking for a
separation."

"A separation?  Until when, until I decide to share you with him?"

Carol became aware that she had begun rotating her hips over Miss Karen's toes
and wondered if she should stop.  She was afraid that if she stopped Miss Karen
might notice that she had started. 

"Um, until, until Miss Karen decides to end it."

"End what?  The separation?" 

"Yes, Miss Karen."

"You really are just as dumb as the table you're kneeling on, slut.  It's over. 
There's no ending of this or that.  There's no giving you back.  This is
permanent.  Forever.  Until you die or I get rid of you.  There is no "normal"
life ahead for you, ever.  You are already in a permanent state of servitude,
slut.  You're a slave." 

The eyes were dead serious.  Carol was taken aback.  She had known of all the
cruelty and torment Miss Karen was capable of.  She had been through a world of
experiences in only a few days.  She knew her old life would pale by comparison
and that she would never be the same again.  But, she had always thought that,
well, that once Miss Karen had her fun it would be...over.  Slave?  Permanent? 
Tears were coming with more frequency now, but she wasn't crying, not yet. 
Slowly, she nodded her head in understanding.  She hadn't fully assimilated it
yet, but she understood.  It wasn't a fantasy come true.  It was real.  She had
been pretending.  Oh, God!

Seeing the realization take hold inside the slut's simple brain, Karen thought
she'd try again.  This was like housetraining a beagle, she thought. 

"I can make it so your husband never comes home again, if that's what you
prefer, slut.  He can just go away and never be seen.  Is that what you want?"

"No, Miss Karen!"  Carol didn't love him as she once did, but she did still care
on some level. 

"Well?"

Carol so desperately wanted to look away.  It took all her strength to maintain
eye contact.  She was confused and angry and horny and in love with this woman
who controlled her as expertly as a master puppeteer.  Hesitantly, she replied,
"I could file divorce papers.  Sorry.  This slut could file divorce papers, Miss
Karen."

Karen was getting tired of standing on one foot, so she lowered herself down
onto the couch, leaving her right foot pushed up between the slut's legs.  Her
toes were now deeply embedded into the wet, hot flesh of the slut's cunt.  This
was certainly having an effect on Karen, but she needed to concentrate on making
progress before giving way to pleasure.

"But what would keep hubbie from pursuing you?  How could you make it a clean,
permanent break?" 

Carol thought for a while, but the combination of staring into Miss Karen's eyes
and feeling her toes gliding back and forth along her slit made it difficult. 
She didn't know what to say.  "Um.  I could tell him I met someone else?"

"That might work.  What about the house?"

The house?  "Um.  This slut doesn't know...about the house, Miss Karen."

"You have power of attorney while he is gone, correct?"

"Umm, yes, Miss Karen.  But I...this slut isn't sure if it means I can...sell
it?"

"It does, slut.  The fool gave you unlimited power of attorney before he left. 
He must have trusted you a lot.  It's a shame for him he married a whore.  How
long were you fucking Ralphie before I introduced myself?"

Carol felt a wave of shame wash over her.  "Oh.  About...six months or so, Miss
Karen."
"So you were fucking a black man behind your husband's back even before he
left?"  Karen already knew all of the answers.  She was just guiding the slut
toward the course of action she had already determined. 

"Um, yes, Miss Karen."

"And, that's what got you into this trouble, eh?"  Karen smiled, tilting her
head sympathetically. 

"Yes, Miss Karen."

"So, maybe honesty is the best policy?  Maybe you should admit to him that you
have been unfaithful and tell him you are divorcing him because you want
a...lifestyle change?"

That made sense to  Carol, although she didn't like the thought of how much such
an admission would hurt Ray.  She knew, though, that sailors half expected
hearing such news while deployed.  It was a legendary part of being at sea.  She
nodded.  "Yes, Miss Karen."

"Do you think you can keep your job after gobbling on your principal's cock?"

Carol hadn't thought about her job.  She was just trying to make it through the
day, and follow her instructions to be agreeable to everyone.  How did Miss
Karen know?  She seemed to know everything.  Carol wondered if she knew about
the boy...sucking that boy in the van.  She must.  She must know everything. 

"Um, I, this slut doesn't know, Miss Karen."

"You don't know much, except how to suck and fuck.  I'll be teaching you much
more, slut.  I'm just trying to help you sort out this mess you've gotten
yourself into.  Go ahead and settle yourself down better on my foot.  I know it
will make you feel better.  Don't get carried away, though."

Carol accepted the invitation as well as the warning.  "Yes, Miss Karen."  She
lowered her sopping pussy down further, until Miss Karen's toes were beginning
to penetrate her. 

"There now.  My opinion is that when a teacher lowers herself to the point that
you have, dressing like a whore, having orgasms in class, sucking the principal
and a student, and asking for phone numbers, she has pretty much pissed her
credibility away.  Wouldn't you say that's true?"

"Um.  Yes, Miss Karen."  Carol's thoughts were centering more on her pleasure
than the conversation.  She knew her eyes were saying so as she fought to keep
them from losing focus.  

"I think, to help you feel better, we should have you hold your breasts for me.
Like if you were offering them to me."


Carol dutifully took her hands from the back of her neck and cupped her breasts,
holding them up and forward as she thought Miss Karen wanted. 

"What I think, slut, is that you ruined your marriage and your career.  They
aren't salvageable.  How do you undo the fact that you have  behaved like a
brainless whore?  I think you need to resign your position before school starts
again.  I know that you opted for the nine month pay plan and won't be getting
any income through the summer, so there is no reason to delay your resignation,
is there?"

Her career not salvageable?  It wasn't that bad, was it?  God, she was hot! 
Holding her breasts like that only made it worse, or better?  Whatever. Miss
Karen was right.  "No, Miss Karen."

"Good!  You may look away now.  There is some paper and a pen there, to your
right.  Write your last letter to Ray and your resignation to the school."  To
ensure the slut was properly distracted, Karen adjusted her foot, brushing
against the slut's clit and casually wiggling her toes against and around it
while the slut wrote.

Carol had no idea what to write, so she kept it simple.  "Dear Ray:  I am sorry
to tell you that I have met someone else and am filing for divorce from you. I
am going through a lifestyle change and don't think we could work things out.  
I wish you the best.  Love, Carol.", and, "I hereby resign my position with the
school district for personal reasons."

Karen took the papers from the slut.  They would do.  A nice glossy of Ralph ass
fucking the slut would do wonders for making sure Ray didn't come after her. 
She smiled.  It was fun to be so devious.  The principal might think twice about
taking advantage of another teacher if he got an audio recording in the mail
along with the resignation.  She reminded herself to check her equipment for the
most descriptive few seconds of the slut's time with the principal.   Maybe she
would blackmail him, too.   A few extra bucks to buy toys with would be a plus. 

"Well, that's that, then.", Karen said as she placed the papers beside her on
the couch.  "Eyes back on me, slut.  What about your mother?"

Carol was taken aback.  Her mother?  What about her mother?  "Um, this slut, ah,
doesn't know what Miss Karen means."

"Oh, surely you do, slut!  How could you hide what you've become from your
mother?  Wouldn't it be cruel to have to explain to her that your marriage and
career have failed and that you are now a simple piece of property?"

That was a point.  "Yes, Miss Karen."

"Wouldn't there be an easier way of...letting her think her good girl was okay? 
At least for a while?"

Why couldn't she just call her every couple weeks as she always had?  "Ah, this
slut could just call her, couldn't she?"

"Oh, no, slut.  Your mother won't be a part of your new life.  Don't you see? 
It's all gone away thanks to your stupidity."

Carol's eyes welled up again.  She hated staring into Miss Karen's eyes.  It
felt as though her soul were laid bare.  She couldn't think.  Her mother?

"Oh, how I hate waiting for your slow little brain to function slut!  I can
arrange for your mother to be run over by a bus if you like.  I am telling you
to come up with a solution for removing her from your life.  Now."

Carol shivered at the harsh tone Miss Karen had taken on.  She was growing
impatient.  This had led to a whipping or a slap in past occasions, and Carol
would do anything to avoid either.  "This slut could tell her I was going on a
trip and, change my phone number?"

Karen rolled her eyes.  "You don't have a phone, let alone a phone number.  You
don't have a house.  You don't have clothes.  You are an "it".  A thing.  Things
don't own, they are owned."

Carol didn't know what to say, and she hadn't been asked a question, so she
remained silent, hoping the impatience would not boil over into the rage Miss
Karen was capable of. 

"You may begin fucking yourself on my foot now, slut.  It'll help you think, I'm
sure."  Karen straightened her foot, nestling the toes up into the wet hole
above them. 

Carol hadn't though of it as...fucking Miss Karen's foot.  She had thought she
was just being teased and tormented while Miss Karen helped her work things out. 
Now, though...she lowered herself a bit, feeling the toes ease further up into
her as her cunt stretched to accommodate them.  Miss Karen wiggled them a little
as they went in.  Soon, Carol was feeling stretched and became concerned that
she couldn't take much more.  She knew the shape of a foot, and couldn't imagine
taking one.  It would have been just one more humiliation if she weren't feeling
so completely possessed.  Miss Karen still held her gaze, a twinkle in her eye.

"Would it be feasible for you to write, explaining that you had decided to take
a little vacation trip to, say, Cancun?", Karen suggested, not finishing with
the part about never returning from the pretend trip.  She could see the slut's
brow begin to furrow as her cunt tightened around Karen's foot.  Karen was wet
and her nipples were hard.  It was a pleasant and interesting experience to have
such a pretty slut riding one's foot. 

"Mmmmmmmm.   Yes, Miss Karen." Carol answered distractedly.

"Good.  That's settled, then!  What about little sister...what's her name
again?", Karen asked innocently.

"MMMegan, Mmmmissss Karen."

"Yes, Megan.  What of her?  What to do about her?"

Carol was gently bouncing up and down over Miss Karen's foot, feeling her cunt
stretching wider on each downstroke.  Her inner thighs burned as they were all
that was controlling her movements.  She wished she could support herself with
her arms, but holding them up as Miss Karen required prevented it.  "She won't
care, Miss Karen."

"But she's in the area, slut.  Do you want her coming back to discover what
you've become in just a few days?"

Carol had been curious about where Megan was and why she hadn't come back yet. 
But, the little cunt had a mind of her own and wasn't above trying to make Carol
and their mom worry.  She had assumed everything was okay.  Besides, she didn't
want her coming back because of...what was going on.  With a wince, Carol felt
herself stretching over the widest part of Miss Karen's foot.  She didn't want
to pull back over it, so adjusted her knees a bit wider and continued to work
down on the foot.  She kept looking into Miss Karen's eyes, but everything was a
blur as she lost her focus and her cunt became the center of her attention.  She
almost forgot to answer. "Nnnnnnnoooo, Miss Karen."

"Do you care what happens to her, slut?"

"NNNnnnnot really, Mmmmisss Karen.", Carol panted. 

"Alrighty then.  I'll take care of removing Megan as an issue.  As for everyone
else; neighbors, friends, and colleagues...when the appropriate time comes
you'll simply tell them you're going on vacation."

"YessssMisssssKaren."  Carol was easing down further now, feeling so full and
stretched, and so very, very horny.  She felt as though Miss Karen had a hold on
her soul the way she was making her continue to keep eye contact. 

"I wonder if you have any little black babies growing inside you, slut?"

"Nnnnnnnnnnoo, Miss Karen.", Carol moaned.  She was riding the foot up and down,
up and down at a quick pace.  It was unlike anything she had ever felt before. 
She desperately wanted to see what it looked like...to see how much of Miss
Karen's foot was wet...to know how much was inside her.

"I have a lot of plans for you, slut.  Are you going to live up to my
expectations?"

"Oh!  Yes Miss Karen!", Carol exclaimed, feeling herself inching ever closer to
an orgasm.  Suddenly, with a loud, wet, sucking sound, she felt Miss Karen's
foot slip out of her distended pussy.  Carol gasped.  First there was the quick,
sharp pain, then the realization that, in her emptiness, she was not to be
granted the pleasure of an orgasm.  Miss Karen was looking at her foot in
disgust. 

"Ewww.  Clean it off, slut!", Karen ordered.  She made sure she smeared as much
of the slut's cunt juices over her face as she struggled to lick and suck
Karen's foot clean.  When the task was finally completed, she ordered the slut
onto the floor to compose her goodbye letter to her mother.  Ordering her to
remain still or suffer severe consequences, Karen prepped the three syringes and
injected their contents into the slut's ass without further comment.  Then, even
as the slut wrote, Karen bent down and attached a pair of butterfly clamps about
midway on each of the slut's long nipples.  She wanted her tender there for
tomorrow, and leaving the clamps in place overnight was the way to do it.

Within minutes, Carol was secured in her cage with the white, static noise of
the TV playing away across the garage.  She wondered what her reward was, and if
she had gotten it.  She dreaded tomorrow and longed for it at the same time. 
She knew Ralph was coming, and he was going to fuck her one more time. 




CHAPTER XIX Midsummer

The sun beat down incessantly, seeming to focus much of it's heat on the slut's
cunt, barely concealed behind the little thong bottoms that Miss Karen required
her to wear for each daily sunning session.  They lasted ninety minutes and
involved six different positions. The slut was required to hold each for fifteen
minutes.  Her current position, spread-eagled on her back, was always a
challenge.  It felt as though her pussy were basting in it's own juices, and her
exposed nipples were casting long shadows over the upper part of her breasts. 

She had been tanning like this every day that weather permitted for the past
four weeks.  Her tan was very dark and rich, and it contrasted nicely with her
platinum blonde hair.  Miss Karen was very particular when it came to her tan
lines, and insisted that she be exceptionally careful to ensure they were
distinct. Slut always looked forward to laying out.  While she couldn't sleep,
it did provide an opportunity for her to rest, adjust her thoughts, and daydream
a bit. 

The weeks since school ended seemed to have flown by.  She was kept busy every
minute of every day, performing all of the home, lawn,  and pool maintenance, as
well as the cleaning, laundry,  and cooking responsibilities for both of Miss
Karen's homes.  She had been trained to serve as Miss Karen's personal assistant
as well.  This involved bathing, helping Miss Karen dress and undress, applying
her makeup and brushing her hair, and any other assignment Miss Karen might
require.  Aside from her own rigorous exercise program and the time she had to
devote to maintaining her appearance, she was also responsible for the care and
cleanliness of her sister. 

She continued to carry feelings of guilt over the fate of her sister.  On that
fateful evening when Miss Karen helped her decide how to rid herself of her
loved ones, she had said she didn't care what happened to Megan.  As she now
knew, she had been unknowingly licking her sister's pussy as part of her
training. Megan had already been captured by Miss Karen and was, at that time,
being held against her will.

Slut felt lucky that she hadn't suffered the same fate as Megan, or candi, as
she was now called.  Miss Karen was using candi much differently than she was
using slut, and candi's life was a miserable one.   Slut felt wholly responsible
for it.  Granted, candi had already been taken by the time slut said she didn't
care what happened to her, but nothing would have happened to her if slut hadn't
allowed her to come visit in the first place.  She also wouldn't have been taken
if slut hadn't been such a whore in her old life, allowing Miss Karen to
blackmail her. 

She remembered how she was licking and sucking enthusiastically at the tasty
cunt that Miss Karen used to train her when her blindfold was suddenly removed
and she could see that it was actually Megan.  She hadn't recognized her at
first because the angle of view obscured Megan's tattoos, and she didn't look
like herself with her head shaved and all the piercings.  Megan looked down at
slut in a sort of detached way that was very disturbing.  What was most
distressing was what Miss Karen had said;  "Who's a cuntlicker now, slut?"  It
meant Megan had told Miss Karen of all the abuse slut had forced upon her
adopted little sister as they were growing up.  She would have known about the
hours that slut sat on Megan's face, forcing her to pleasure her in exchange
staying silent about Megan's sexuality.  She would have known how slut tied her
up and whipped her, and about all the cruel things she had said about her in her
presence.  She would know that slut really had been a bad person in her old
life. 

She recalled almost gagging at the realization that the tables had, in a way,
been turned and that she had been licking her former victim's cunt.  She was
repulsed by the thought, and tried vainly to turn away from her task.  Miss
Karen forced her to continue her training and even made it worse by requiring
her to make Megan cum.  This was done by fastening alligator clips to slut's
nipples until she decided to start licking again.  Slut resisted for only a few
seconds longer, finding the pain more unbearable than the trauma of licking her
own sister's bald, pierced cunt.

Slut was required to manage candi without compassion of any kind.  She was often
referred to as a "pig", "piggie", or "lawn pig", and was prevented from speaking
or uttering any sound whatsoever.  Miss Karen had plans for candi, and was
training candi for some specific use that slut didn't want to know about.  Slut
had seen candi being injected with drugs and knew she was being subjected to
some sort of programming while she slept or was otherwise idle.  Slut had been
told to put headphones on her in the past but knew that whatever was playing
wasn't music.  Candi's personality was not Megan's.  Candi was really more of an
animal than a human.  All of the spark that had so annoyed slut earlier in her
life was gone out of the person that, she supposed, was still her sister.  She
had gleaned what little details she knew from a telephone conversation her owner
had with a friend.  That friend was soon to come for a visit, which was
unsettling to slut.

Slut had sold or disposed of all of her remaining possessions except a few
clothes and shoes at Miss Karen's direction,  and had turned over all of the
proceeds.

She had sold her house according to Miss Karen's wishes.  Who actually owned it
she didn't know, but that was beyond her set of concerns anyway.  Miss Karen
still maintained and used it.  Slut's husband, Ray, had been sent a check for
half the ten thousand dollars profit on the sale, and had been informed that all
of his possessions had been discarded.  He had no reason to come back to the
house, and his deployment would not end for another two months.

Slut had said goodbye to her lover, Ralph, after begging him to fuck her in her
ass.  Out by the pool, as he sawed is big, beautiful black cock in and out of
her, she noticed Miss Karen shooting photographs through the curtains from the
house.  She knew better than to mention it, and had no idea why it was
necessary.  She only hoped no harm would come to Ralph.

Miss Karen had made slut disconnect the phone in case anyone she knew tried to
reach her.  She had sent a letter to her mother that she was traveling to Cancun
with Megan and that it might be a long trip.  She had mentioned in the letter
that she was filing for divorce from Ray.  

Miss Karen had made her trade in her car for a white cargo van, then had made
her transfer the title to some other name, though Miss Karen still used it.  She
had even retrieved Megan's car from a shop in Kissemee and had impersonated her
to sell it for cash.  The cash had been given to Miss Karen, of course.

She had resigned her teaching position and was entirely dependent on Miss Karen
since closing all of her bank accounts and turning all of the money over to her. 
Slut owned nothing and had nothing of her own.  She considered herself property
and knew she had an entitlement to nothing other than what her owner permitted.

Every Thursday evening slut would drive the van to a predetermined location
where her customers would meet for their thirty dollar blowjobs.  She continued
to be required to collect their sperm in the condoms Miss Karen provided, and to
deliver them home along with the cash she made.  Miss Karen was preserving the
full condoms in the freezer, for what purpose slut couldn't begin to guess. 
Last Thursday she had given Miss Karen nine hundred thirty dollars and thirty
two used condoms.  She was still providing a free blowjob to the boy from the
warehouse store in exchange for her ever growing numbers of customers.

There were still times of nervousness and shame, especially when the boys who
wanted the use of her mouth became verbally abusive toward her.  She accepted it
all, though, because she loved sucking cocks and she loved satisfying Miss
Karen.  She was prohibited from having orgasm except as specifically permitted
or directed by her owner, so had to thward some of her customer's efforts to
further arouse her.  She was tormented sexually.  She lived in a constant desire
for sex, but was only occasionally granted an orgasm.  In most cases, she was
allowed to give herself an orgasm only in a humiliating and degrading way.  She
sometimes wondered when she would hit bottom, when nothing was beneath her and
she carried out every order without shame or embarassment.  

Slut felt very lonely at times.  Miss Karen rarely gave her any opportunity to
speak now, and she was forbidden to say anything to candi other than to issue
instructions.  Her customers weren't all that interested in getting any use out
of her mouth other than milking their cocks, and she didn't have much contact
with anyone else, other than incidental contact with strangers when she was
running errands or purchasing groceries for Miss Karen.  She was usually dressed
provocatively, which tended to minimize friendly conversations.  She got her
share of attention from strange men but wasn't allowed to engage them in
conversation, let alone fuck or suck them, which is what any conversation would
ultimately have led to.  She was insatiable for sex, not for conversation.   It
would be nice, though, to have someone to talk to.

She hadn't been called by her old first name since Ralph had come to fuck her
that last time.  She thought of herself now as "slut" rather than "Carol".  She
hoped no one would ask her what her name was in public, because she was sure she
was likely to blurt out "slut" without thinking.    



Karen was looking forward to Tawny's visit.  Her close friend and sometime lover
had wanted to come a few weeks earlier but had been delayed by family matters of
some sort.  She was due to arrive next week, but had called to prearrange
delivery of henry and amy.  She had developed and tested a slave shipping system
and wanted for Karen to evaluate it.  Karen was intrigued by the idea, but
didn't want to take delivery herself, believing the risk to be too high.  But,
Tawny had finally convinced her by concocting a plan to ship her slaves to a
friend in Miami if Karen could arrange for them to be picked up.  Karen had
decided it would be okay, and planned to send the slut south in the van for that
purpose. 

Tawny seemed to know everyone who could be of use, and was a wonderful resource
in a number of ways.  She was bringing her tatoo and branding kits, and would be
able to help Karen decide how to improve both the slut and candi.  Independent
opinions were always helpful.  Karen hoped, also, that she could borrow Tawny's
farm in the mountains for a few weeks before returning to duty.  She was feeling
ever more claustrophobic in Florida.  The farm was very large and remote.  It
was a charming place to be with one's slaves. 

Karen also wanted to explore breast augmentation for the slut, and hoped Tawny's
friend the plastic surgeon could do the job on short notice.  She didn't think
much could be done with candi that would prove worthwhile, but was open to
suggestions. 

She was planning to go to the beach with slut today, after slut's tanning
session ended.  It would be a fun afternoon filled with interesting games.  Slut
had begun to provide good entertainment in that she did not hesitate to follow
orders to the letter.  She could be placed in interesting positions, and it was
great fun to watch her deal with different situations.  Each opportunity
represented a chance for the slut to learn and grow in her servitude, and Karen
continually emphasized the need for slut to be ready for anything at any time. 
Only then could she maximize her potential uses.

It was exceptionally hot out today, so Karen had opted to stay inside while slut
sunned herself.  She was enjoying a nice glass of iced tea and doing a crossword
puzzle as candi exercised on the other side of the room.  Karen enjoyed finding
creative ways to keep candi well toned.  She obviously couldn't take the thing,
such as it was, to the local gym.  She also couldn't send her out for a run
since determining that candi would not be on her feet without ballet shoes or
boots on.  Typically candi was kept on all fours until some purpose arose in
which she needed to be human for a while. 

Karen had locked the older pair of ballet shoes onto candi nearly an hour
earlier, and had tightly bound her wrists and elbows together behind her back. 
Then, she had simply lifted her onto the seat of the stationary bike, positioned
her feet such that the pedals were forced between the heels and soles of the
shoes, and told her she needed to ride fifteen miles within the hour. 

Karen smiled to herself at the effort candi was expending.  She was certainly
getting a worthwhile workout today, as she did every day.  Sometimes the
workouts lasted all day long, and were punctuated by breaks that involved all
manner of ingeneous torment.  Karen had been surprised at how well candi had
held up on such a stringent regime, especially given the fact that her diet was
composed mainly of pig feed and an occasional dog biscuit. 

She had set the timer on the microwave in the kitchen and was idly curious to
see if it went off before poor candi rode her fifteen miles.  It was good for
her.  Good, firming activity that helped build endurance.  Endurance was
important for slaves like candi, whose value lay primarily in the degree to
which they could keep their owners entertained.  A quickly tiring, out of shape
slave was a waste of time and money. 

Soon enough, the timer went off.  Candi was panting hard and knew better than to
stop pedaling without permission.  Karen saw the fear in her eyes.  She was
forbidden to speak or utter a sound, but had no trouble expressing herself at
least as far as basic needs went.  Her basic need at the moment was forgiveness. 
Of course, she knew better. 

Karen continued working the puzzle for a few more minutes.  A bit more exercise
wouldn't hurt a thing.  Karen thought a just punishment might be one strike of
the dog whip for every tenth of a mile the little pig lacked.  That is, unless
she actually got close to her goal.  She hadn't made it past thirteen and a half
miles yet, so that was doubtful.  She always gave it a valiant try, though.  She
looked at her watch, anxious to get to the beach.  It was the one place she
didn't mind blistering heat, and she was looking forward to wearing the new
bikini she had bought a few days earlier. 




Candi's hopes sunk the second she heard the timer go off.  Mistress allowed her
to ride for a few more minutes before approaching with that, "you are in
trouble" look in her eye.  Once she was set back down on the floor where she
belonged, candi went about kissing and licking her owner's feet in the faint
hope for some mercy.  She was an obedient little thing who tried her very best
and she knew that someday she could ride fifteen miles in an hour!

"Stop that silliness piggie!", Karen exclaimed in a bemused tone of voice.  "You
know you've got to take a whipping!". 

Candi instantly rose up and assumed her proper waiting/inspection position.  She
held her head high, arched her back, and spread her knees widely while keeping
her arms rigid and perpendicular to the floor.  She knew her owner insisted that
she be responsive, and she always tried her best to react quickly. 

"Over to the column, little pig!", she was ordered.

Candi quickly crawled over to the glossy white column in the center of the
sunroom and reassumed her waiting position.  Miss Karen quickly removed the
ropes that bound her wrists and elbows so tightly together.  She installed
candi's heavy leather wrist cuffs, which was never a good sign.  As expected,
the cuffs were locked together in front of her and raised up above her head to
be latched to the end of the rope Miss Karen kept suspended from a pully mounted
tastefully under one of the exposed roof beams.  In only a few quick jerks,
candi was on her feet in front of the column.  One more jerk lifted her up to
the base of the column.  She had difficulting gettng a foothold on the base this
time.  There was only a few square inches on either front corner that her feet
could rest on.  Miss Karen held her in place until her feet steadied, then tied
off the rope as she always did to an eyelet embedded in the far wall.  Miss
Karen then bound her ankles together with a piece of rope that stretched behind
the column.  If her feet slipped forward she would effectively be suspended by
her wrists and most likely unable to regain her footing on the base of the
column... It was a terrible position to be in for the mere fact that the ballet
shoes forced so much pressure on her toes that any period of time standing in
them caused pain.  She had spent days in them since being taken out of her old
life, but standing in them was different from simply wearing them.  She knew
Miss Karen was gradually increasing her endurance to wear them while standing,
but had no idea why.  She had long since stopped trying to understand any of
what was happening to her and had grown to accept what appeared to be her fate. 
She barely remembered her old life now.  It was gone. 

"Thirteen and five tenths!  Not bad for such a little animal!", Miss Karen
exclaimed enthusiastically.  "So, that's only fifteen strokes."  She strolled
over to a hook in the corner of the sunroom, from which hung a half dozen
different crops and light whips. 

Candi watched passively.  The pain of the abuse she suffered was never going to
lessen, but the emotional turmoil she used to go through leading up to a session
had been overcome.  She was whipped, spanked, and cropped so routinely that her
fear of it had faded into a bleak expectation.

She remained completely motionless as Miss Karen positioned herself to the
right, preparing to strike horizontally across the front of candi's body.  Candi
knew she could bear it up until the point that her breasts were whipped.  At
that point she always cried and thrashed around in her bindings, instinctively
trying to deflect or avoid the next strike.


Karen was wet, as she always was prior to beginning a nice whipping.  She was
disappointed the pig had made it so far on the bike.  Twenty was the point at
which the thing tended to break down, so fifteen might be manageable, and that
just couldn't be.  So, Karen took careful aim after deciding to start with the
breasts to liven things up at the outset, then to work her way around as she saw
fit.  She knew candi could forecast  her strikes and at least mentally prepare
for them, so this time she lined up as though she were going to place the first
stripe across her upper thighs.  Then, just as the whip began to whistle through
the air, she brought it swiftly upward and expertly placed the across the
underside of the thing's little titties.  This elicited a quick gasp on the part
of her victim, which was always a good sign.  Blows two through five were aimed
slightly higher, resulting in bright red horizontal stripes across candi's
breasts from bottom to top.  The creature was heaving for air by then and was
completely overtaken by the pain it was experiencing.  Karen then moved down
over her flat, hard stomach, leaving three crossed welts by alternating
positions.  The last was expertly positioned just above candi's bald cunt. 
Karen stepped back to admire her work.  She was always improving, and wondered
if somewhere there wasn't a slave whipping contest that she could win.  She
laughed at the thought.  Eleven down, four to go.  Always interested in
symmetry,   Karen decided to place two on either side of the little bitch's
upper torso, evenly spaced and beginning just under her armpits. 

Through it all, as usual, candi had not uttered a sound other than involuntary
ones.  Over a week earlier Karen had removed the collar she had been testing
that contracted candi's throat each time she made a noise.  It had been replaced
with a simple, heavy, black dog collar.  But the conditioning had held longer
than even Karen had expected it would.  Candi had managed to keep her feet in
place this time, also.  She hung the whip on the hook in the corner and decided
to leave the pitiful creature where it was for a while, at least until it
regained it's composure and had cooled down. 

Karen noticed the slut changing positions out in the hot sun, and decided to
have another glass of iced tea while she waited the last fifteen minutes before
dressing for the beach.




CHAPTER 20 A Day At The Beach

Slut felt as self conscious as she ever had.  Carrying all of the supplies Miss
Karen had decided to bring to the beach was very difficult.  Miss Karen walked
ahead of her, carrying nothing.  This would have made slut conspicuous enough,
but all she was permitted to wear was a little black knit mesh top that did
absolutely nothing to conceal her breasts, and the little black thong bottoms
she wore to lay out in.  She felt practically naked, and knew that anyone who
noticed them would quickly understand that their relationship wasn't quite a
conventional one. 

What gave her the strength (or was it weakness?) to carry on was her
undiminished horniness, fear of punishment, and her complete and all-consuming
lust and love for Miss Karen.  She watched how she walked and marveled at how
good she looked and thought that everything about her was perfect, except
perhaps the cruel streak that could show itself at any time.  Miss Karen wore a
bright green and blue floral bikini that was expertly suited to her athletic
figure, concealed under a sheer white wrap, flat sandals, and a large white sun
hat. 

Slut knew the beach well, and was somewhat relieved that it was more of a young
adult beach than a family one.  While it wasn't a nude beach, being topless and
in a thong would not result in any real problems, but it was pushing the
envelope for that particular beach.  She would be noticed, and she would be
watched.  She only hoped it would be a nice relaxing afternoon, both for her and
her owner. 

She followed dutifully as Miss Karen searched for an ideal spot.  Slut had no
idea what the criteria was, but it almost seemed as though her owner was trying
to expose her to as many people as she could before settling down on a location. 
The beach was particularly crowded.  Miss Karen finally stopped, and turned to
point at an area immediately in front of her.

"Set up my lounge chair here, slut.  Facing the sun." Miss Karen said, loudly
enough for the people around them to hear.  Slut was mortified, but she did not
hesitate.  Placing everything carefully on the hard-packed white sand beach, she
quickly set up the lounge chair and positioned it just as Miss Karen wanted. 
"Now drape the beach towel over it.", Miss Karen ordered.  Slut carefully spread
the towel out over the lounge chair, smoothing out any wrinkles.  She could feel
a hundred sets of eyes upon her, and avoided looking around for verification. 
"Now remove my hat and tie it to the back of the lounge chair."  Slut felt her
pussy beginning to throb as she tied the hat to the chair.  She saw that her
nipples were protruding completely through the wide mesh of her little top, and
felt her chest tighten up.  "Now remove my wrap, fold it, and place it in my
bag."  Miss Karen lifted her arms to give slut unfettered access to the wrap. 
Slut gently pulled it loose and turned away from the slight breeze to fold it. 
She placed it neatly in the canvas beach bag.  She caught a glimpse of someone
pointing at her, then of another person elbowing a friend and nodding in her
direction.  She wondered if anyone within eyesight of her wasn't watching.  "Now
remove my sandals and place them under the lounge chair in the shade."  Slut
knelt to carefully remove each sandal and positioned them just as Miss Karen
said to.  It was with some relief that she watched Miss Karen sit down on the
lounge chair and adjust herself until she seemed comfortable.

"Oil me."

Slut reached quickly into the bag and retrieved the only bottle of oil in it. 
She was now breathing so shallowly that she wondered if she wouldn't pass out. 
Her hands shook as she squirted a liberal amount of the oil onto her hands and
began rubbing it into Miss Karen's perfect skin.  She started with her left arm,
working from the hand to the shoulder, then did the right.  Lacking any specific
instructions, she then carefully applied lighter amounts of it over Miss Karen's
face and down her neck.  She spread it liberally over her upper chest and tried
to speed through applying it around and over her owner's breasts.  Miss Karen
told her to slow down and take her time.  She said she wanted the job done
correctly rather than quickly.  She used a tone that was so condescending that
those around them must surely know she was nothing more than a dumb servant of
some sort.  She felt herself blushing as she spread the oil down over Miss
Karen's flat stomach to the top of her bikini bottom.  Miss Karen spread her
legs, putting her feet on the sand on either side of the chair.  Slut looked
down on her mound, tormented that the object of all of her desires was so very
close.  If only she could..."No dawdling, you ignorant bitch!", Miss Karen
snapped.  Slut began rubbing the oil in all around Miss Karen's luscious pussy,
pressing and kneading her inner thighs and up along and just under the leg bands
of the bikini bottoms.  She thought she heard Miss Karen sigh, but couldn't be
sure.  Wanting to linger there but knowing she could not, slut proceeded to oil
up the rest of Miss Karen's legs and, finally, her feet.  When she was finished
she placed the bottle back in the bag.  Miss Karen had closed her eyes and
appeared already to be in a deep state of relaxation.  She looked so beautiful.

It was awkward standing there, not knowing what to do next.  She dared not look
around, so continued to gaze down on Miss Karen's perfect body, the body she
coveted more than any other.  She began to think Miss Karen might be ignoring
her to see what she would do.  It occurred to her that she was to assume her
position whenever left without instructions.  Surely not in public.  If it were
even possible, it seemed her chest constricted even more.  She considered how
close she was to panic, and rationally thought about what the aftermath of
simply running away would bring.  Where would she go?  To the parking lot?  To
stand next to the car?  In what position?  Just as she was near concluding that
there was no choice other than to fall back on her training, Miss Karen spoke.

"Kneel down beside me, slut.  Get out the cd player and the cassette player."

Slut was greatly relieved to be providing service rather than dealing with
uncertainty.  She much preferred staying active, probably because her life had
become one of work and service and little rest.  Miss Karen instructed her to
first place the headphones connected to the cd player on her own head to adjust
the volume properly before putting them on Miss Karen's head.  When this was
done, she was told to put the cassette player's headphones on, to clip the
player to the back of her thong bottoms, and to turn it on.   She was then told
to get on all fours beside Miss Karen and not to move until told otherwise.  She
rather sheepishly assumed the position in the manner that she had been taught,
with her knees spread, back arched, and chin high.  One of the objectives of the
position, aside from being sexually enticing, was to present a level back on
which things could be placed.  Miss Karen laid her cd player in the middle of
slut's back, beside her sunglasses, which she had removed. 

Miss Karen's cd was a live performance of the Philadelphia Philharmonic
Orchestra, slut's tape was an assemblage of recordings of slut having sex.  Some
she had heard over and over again because they were the audio portions of the
videos Miss Karen frequently made her watch that depicted her engaged in various
sex acts with multiple partners.  Others were sound recordings that she
previously had no idea were being recorded.  She heard herself being used by
Ralph that last time out by the pool in her back yard.  She listened to the
sounds of multiple blowjobs being given as part of her Thursday night
assignments.  She even listened to the complete recording of her two encounters
with Tom Parker, the principal, and her performance in the student's van at the
end of the last day of school.  Miss Karen had bugged her purse, slut knew.  It
was the only way it could have been done.  She was not angered or upset by this
knowledge. Oddly, she felt a sense of comfort that Miss Karen had been keeping
tabs on her all along, even when she had no idea of it.  Slut took it as a sign
of interest, and she felt reassured.

What was not reassuring was the effect of being placed in this position in
public while listening to herself being fucked, sucking, or in the preparatory
phases of both.  It was an exceptionally erotic and arousing tape, and it was
sure to have it's effects on any listener. 

Slut was somewhat grateful that she at least still had the little mesh top on. 
Unfortunately her breasts, hanging straight down as they were in this position,
pressed against the mesh, emphasizing the way in which her nipples protruded
through it.  She felt like a milk cow with dangling udders.   A horny milk cow,
anyway.  She had kept her eyes closed despite her head being held high as was
required in this position.  She knew this couldn't go on indefinitely and that
she had to open them at some point.  But, she chose to wait until she could calm
down a bit before risking the kind of stress that might come from making eye
contact with strangers while kneeling so wantonly next to her owner. 

The heat was still oppressive as sweat beaded up on every exposed surface of her
skin and ran in rivulets down into the sand.  She imagined herself being the
only female on the beach, and dozens of men lined up behind her, to use her. 
She could see them in her mind's eye, as though watching from a distance.  They
were not all gorgeous hunks as most would fantasize, but a random cross section
of men, their only commonality being the hard cocks, ready to sample the sweaty
slut.  She imagined a camera crew circling, getting the best angles, zooming in
on her face, her nipples.  Miss Karen was watching, too.  With friends, and
laughing.  It was all so much fun to her, to see the whore doing what whores do. 
She imagined herself wanting a cock in her mouth, too.   The images playing out
in her imagination were in perfect concert with the sounds of sex that played
loudly in her ears.  She distinctly heard Ralph smacking her ass as he drove his
beautiful cock deep into her bowels.  She was moaning in pleasure and pain,
working hard to take his entire length.  It was deliciously lewd getting fucked
poolside by a black man.  In her own back yard.  It was...

Suddenly she was pulled out of her quick departure from reality by a tap on her
back.  It was Miss Karen.  Slut couldn't kneel up without causing Miss Karen's
cd player to fall, so she reached up with her left hand to pull off the
headphones.  She was pointing in front of slut.  "You're being rude.  That nice
lady is speaking to you, slut."  Miss Karen nodded at the lady, smiling. 

Slut turned her head forward, seeing the woman in front of her.  She lay on her
side, smiling.  Slut noticed the pageboy haircut and the nice figure.  The woman
appeared to be with a man who seemed to be sleeping on the other side of her. 
She looked to be about slut's age, if not a little younger.  She seemed to be
waiting for slut to say something first.  "Don't be shy.  Speak up.", Miss Karen
said in a bemused tone.  Of course she would take every opportunity to get some
entertainment out of slut. 

"Um.  This slut is sorry, ma'am.  This slut did not hear you."  Slut couldn't
believe she had spoken that way to a complete stranger.  What could she do?  She
knew what Miss Karen wanted and she had to deliver or face something worse.  If
her breathing had begun to return to normal while she was daydreaming, it was a
short lived respite.  Now her breaths were shallow and coming with more
frequency.  She wondered what a panic attack was like. 

"That's okay.", the lady said pleasantly.  "I was just asking if there were more
where you came from?"  She winked. 

Slut didn't know what to say.  She was so grateful when Miss Karen answered for
her.  "One of a kind.  They don't grown on trees.  And, I've used my quota of
cliches for the day."

The lady laughed.  "Well, she certainly is causing a stir!"

Oh, God!, slut thought.  She didn't want to look around.  Miss Karen hadn't
responded.

"Does she always come to the beach like that?"

"She enjoys being shown off.", Miss Karen answered casually.

The woman was thinking.  Slut wished she were somewhere else.  She didn't care
where.  She thought everyone on the beach was looking at her. 

"Well, she certainly has the body for it."

"Thank you!", Miss Karen replied.  Slut felt a warm glow at the realization that
her owner had just taken credit for her appearance.  It was the sort of exchange
you could expect to hear if the subject were a dog. 

"Did I hear you call her...slut?"

"Yes, that's her name."

"Slut?"  Her expression was one of feigned disbelief. 

"Slut."

A long moment passed, then someone else spoke, off to slut's right.  "Is she,
like, some sort of pervert or something?"  It was another woman.  It sounded as
though she were totally disgusted.  "What kind of a name is "slut"?"

Slut could tell by Miss Karen's tone of voice that she was not appreciative of
the woman's comment.  "Her mama didn't name her slut.  I did."

"Oh.", the woman said sheepishly.  Apparently she was adequately intimidated, or
at least aware that she was dealing with something more than a topical
conversation.   Nosy types like her could never give it a rest, though.

"Well, what gives you the right to name her "slut"?", the woman asked
declaratively, as though challenging Miss Karen to a debate.

"The same right that allows you to name your dog "Spot"., Miss Karen answered.

"But she's not a dog!  She's a person!"

"Yes.  A person who has taken quite nicely to being called "slut".  Do you
mind?"

Slut could see peripherally that Miss Karen had turned to glare at the ignorant
woman.  The one who had first spoken was staring into slut's eyes.  She knew. 
She could see.  She was smiling.  "I sure wish I had somebody to go buy me a
cold lemonade."

Slut was petrified.  Surely she wouldn't have to...

"Slut,", Miss Karen said softly.  "Crawl over to the nice lady to get some
money.  Put your headphones on, and go get her a lemonade."  Miss Karen lifted
her cd player from slut's back.

Oh my God! Slut thought.  Before she could be seen to hesitate, she simply
crawled forward to the lady, who had an expression of complete surprise on her
face.  It took a bit of fumbling before she could come up with a couple of
dollars, but she handed them to slut, who soon enough found herself walking
across the beach while listening to herself sucking cock on tape.  She hadn't
noticed before that she was so loud when she gave a blowjob.  She concentrated
on keeping her eyes fixed on the refreshment stand over on the far side of the
parking lot.    She knew she was being watched, maybe by hundreds of people.  At
least now she wasn't being seen as the slave girl being used as an end table on
the beach.  Just, well, just a topless woman in a thong with nice tits and
really long, hard nipples.  All she needed to do was to concentrate on her duty
and to let everything else take care of itself.  It never worked when she
thought too much.

Somehow she muddled through the purchase and made her way through the crowd back
to her fate, whatever it might be.  She resumed her kneeling position before
presenting the cold lemonade to the lady, then returned to Miss Karen's side on
all fours to wait for further instructions. 

"Thanks!", the woman had said.

"It was this slut's pleasure.", slut had replied quietly.

Before she could get settled into her previous position Miss Karen told her to
remove her top and to go take a quick swim in the ocean.  She said she had five
minutes.  This was a welcomed assignment for slut, who saw it as another few
minutes of simply being seen as a beach slut rather than a slave.  She could
cool off a bit and wash some of the oil off her body that remained from her
sunning in Miss Karen's back yard.  The water felt great, and she was more than
satisfied to be stared at by the boys who were flipping a frisbee around in the
surf.  As long as they didn't speak to her or make any propositions that she
would have to deal with, everything would be okay.  She had no idea how quickly
five minutes would pass, and she wore no watch, so she returned fairly quickly
to ensure she did not miss her deadline.  Again she resumed the position on her
hands and knees next to her Mistress.

The rest of the day became a blur of subtle and not so subtle humiliations.  She
spent much of the time first giving Miss Karen a nice foot massage, then the
woman whom she had fetched the lemonade for, then her boyfriend.  Slut thought
for a while that she might be told to massage every foot on the beach.  With the
tape constantly playing in her ears she couldn't help but be preoccupied with
thoughts of sex, and she knew this translated into passionate foot massages. 
The boyfriend's cock was so hard by the time she finished with his feet that
slut wondered how he could control himself.  Miss Karen had idled a few minutes
away slipping ice cubes into the slut's mouth.  She slipped one down the front
of slut's thong, causing a little bulge that quickly melted away against her
hot, smooth cunt.  The crowd gradually thinned to the point that it was only a
quarter of what it had been by four o'clock p.m.  It seemed that Miss Karen had
preserved some of her fun for just such a time, when there was plenty of room to
run. 

Slut had been told to retrieve a tennis ball from the beach bag.  After handing
it to Miss Karen, she listened attentively as she got her instructions.

"This will be a fun game that I call "fetch".  I will throw the ball and you
will run after it, get it, and run it back to me as fast as you possibly can. 
It will be good exercise for you and good entertainment for me.  If I feel you
are not moving as fast as you are capable, you will suffer.  If you perform well
I may not make you run the treadmill tomorrow.  Do you understand?"

Her chest tightening from the full knowledge of what was about to happen, slut
answered the only way she could, "Yes, Miss Karen."



Karen had thought about all of the wonderfully cruel things that slut might
suffer through at the beach and considered the game of fetch one of the best. 
She knew the game was pushing the limit of good judgement so reserved the option
to play until such a time as the crowds had thinned and it could be done without
causing a major spectacle.  It was a significant test for slut, one that Karen
was sure she was capable of passing.  To play fetch satisfactorily would make
other public duties much easier for slut in the future.  That wouldn't help her
today, though.  As long as she didn't think, she would do just fine. 

Karen rose up into a sitting position.  She had played a lot of sports when she
was younger and knew she could throw the tennis ball a good distance.  On the
hard, flat sand it would certainly roll a long way.  To start out, she tossed it
casually about thirty or forty feet.  Slut took off after it at top speed. 
Karen laughed out loud at the sight.  There was no way to preserve one's dignity
in such circumstances, and slut wasn't even trying.  Her substantial breasts
bounced and jiggled as she ran after the ball, much to the amusement of many of
the onlookers.  Karen saw heads begin to turn.  A volleyball game further down
the beach stopped.  Frisbees fell, uncaught.  Slut stood before her, holding the
ball.  "Place it in my hand, slut.", Karen instructed her. 

The next toss was in a different direction.  It was a harder throw that was
helped by the wind as it rolled far down the beach before slut could catch up
with it.  Karen could plainly see the shame and humiliation on slut's face, but
that was not her concern.  As long as slut dutifully chased the ball and
returned quickly with it, she wouldn't care what her facial expression was
unless she began to see contempt or hatred.  That would require correction. 
Slut clearly accepted that she was subject to Karen's whims and was holding
nothing against her.  All of her efforts at molding slut into a functioning
slave were proving worthwhile. 

Slut's large tanned breasts bounced and swung wildly as she sprinted back with
the ball in her hand.  She looked much different than she had when Karen had
first taken her.  Her skin now tanned to a dark, rich brown, her hair kept a
bright platinum blonde, and her body hard and lithe with the exception of the
well shaped tits crowned by her impressively long and thick nipples, she was
every bit as sexually arousing as many men ever saw.  This was what Karen
wanted.  The slut not only looked as though she were born to fuck and suck, but
she also acted and thought as if this were her purpose, as well.  The attention
she drew established in Karen's mind that she had done well, both in her choice
of the former Carol Sizemore, but also in her transformation from conservative
school teacher and wife to depraved slut who would do anything for her owner.

Karen idled away the next fifteen minutes keeping the slut running.  Satisfied
that she had gotten a good enough workout for the day, she ordered her to pack
up and return to the car.  Without waiting, Karen made her way across the wide
beach carrying nothing but her keys.  By the time slut, still topless, caught up
with her in the parking lot the car was started and the interior was already
cooling off.  Karen popped the trunk open for slut to place the items inside. 
When slut opened the passenger side rear door to get into the car, though, Karen
informed her that she would need to remove the thong first.  She was quite
surprised that slut hadn't made any attempt to protest, let alone hesitate.  She
simply reached for the little waistband and pushed them down over her legs and
stepped out of them.  Completely naked in the public parking lot, slut climbed
into the car and pulled the door closed with nothing but an expression of relief
on her face. 



Slut was almost shivering within a few minutes of getting into the car.  She was
grateful to be off the beach and very much keyed into whatever mood Miss Karen
might display.  She hadn't spoken yet, so slut suffered a great deal of
anticipation over whether Miss Karen had been satisfied with her performance so
far.  She had been forbidden to get any sweat or tanning oil on Miss Karen's
upholstery when they had left her home, so she now sat upright on a towel,
avoiding touching anything.  She felt very conspicuous riding naked in the back
seat, but this was offset, as always, by the hard reality that it simply didn't
matter.  Her cunt throbbed for attention and her nipples continued to betray her
unfettered sexual desire.  She longed for some sexual use that could bring her
an orgasm.  It had been days and days since her last reward. 

She recalled the shattering orgasm she had while she lay in the grass in Miss
Karen's backyard.  Her legs splayed out widely while her owner tormented her
with sharp, cold jets from the garden hose.  Slut had been driven nearly insane
by more than an hour of persistent teasing.  She had been forbidden to speak but
had been told to use her body to coax her owner into spraying her cunt until she
could reach an orgasm.  She had been tossed a bar of soap and ordered to wash
herself so that the water wouldn't go to waste.  After that she had degraded
herself by engaging in a sort of sexual dance, designed to  compel Miss Karen to
direct the spray onto the pulsing raw nerves of her neglected clit.  She sucked
and chewed on her distended nipples and probed herself front and back with her
fingers, all in a perverted effort to gain just a bit of relief from the
overwhelming and constant gnawing of sexual desire that consumed every waking
minute of her life now.  She closed her eyes, remembering the brutality of the
jet spray when it finally zeroed in on her long, reddened stump and ruthlessly
pushed her over the top in the strongest mix of pain and pleasure she had
experienced so far.  Miss Karen could take her body places that no one else
could.  She loved her. 

Slut briefly worried that her cunt juices would soak through the towel onto the
seat, but realized she had no control over that.  She was thinking again. 
Thinking was not good.



Karen drove along silently, feeling no need to address her property.  She was
looking for an opportunity, though.  After about ten minutes she was finally
able to pull up to the left of a large delivery truck.  She lowered the power
window next to the slut, providing the driver of the truck a clear view down
onto her naked slave.  "Show him your cunt, slut."



Surprised at the sudden turn of events, slut turned toward the opened window,
licking the remaining perspiration off her upper lip.  She pulled her right knee
toward the back of the car and leaned back, resting on her left hand.  The
driver was a middle aged black man, grizzled and filthy looking.  His eyes
bulged when he glanced to his left and saw the sight of his life.  Slut felt so
nasty putting on this lewd display of her hungry, smooth cunt.  Her nipples
stood out proud and firm, and her entire being was abuzz with a yearning for
action of any kind that involved a cock. 

"Show him how wet you are.", Miss Karen told her.

Slut instantly began to slide her fingers up and down over her sodden pink slit,
being sure to graze not so gently over her distended, throbbing clit.  It felt
sooooo goooood.  She dipped two fingers more deeply into her love hole and held
them up, glistening in the late afternoon sun.  She heard the man exclaim, "Good
God!" just as Miss Karen pulled out, leaving the fortunate man behind. 
Disappointed, slut returned to her normal riding position as Miss Karen raised
the window next to her.  She wondered, even hoped that Miss Karen might find
another chance to show her off so wickedly.  Slut was ready for anything but
more waiting.  She was deeply disappointed that she hadn't gotten the chance to
give herself an orgasm. It wouldn't have taken much, just a few more seconds...




CHAPTER 21  Carol's Little Trip

Slut was experiencing fewer occasions where she needed to remind herself not to
think.  Every day she faced new challenges in her service to Miss Karen, and
every day the importance of simply doing rather than thinking was reinforced. 
She had been driving the white cargo van for two hours already, headed south. 
She had been given specific instructions to go to a certain address, introduce
herself, spend the evening and obey all instructions she was given, and to
deliver back to Miss Karen's home two cargo boxes the following day.  She had no
idea who was waiting for her or what they were like.  She didn't know what was
in the boxes or why she had been chosen to do this.  All she knew is that it was
a departure from her normal routine of pampering and caring for Miss Karen and
all of her possessions. 

She had left Miss Karen curled up on a new hammock with candi, under the shade
of the magnolia tree in Miss Karen's back yard.  They were both naked, and the
expression on candi's face was faintly content.  Candi was an entirely different
person than Megan had been.  Slut wasn't exactly the same, either, but at least
her personality was still recognizable.  Candi hadn't uttered a word in several
weeks and lived for the most part in a state of fear.  Lately Miss Karen had
begun to treat candi much more kindly, even to the point of occasionally taking
her to bed.  

Slut continued to wish that she were used sexually by Miss Karen.  For whatever
reason, candi was her preference for that purpose, and slut couldn't influence
it.  Slut knew, however, that Miss Karen's eye had a greater fondness for her
body than for candi's.  She knew also that, for whatever reason, it was she who
had been chosen and trained to see to Miss Karen's comfort, twenty-four seven. 
Candi seemed to be something to break up the boredom.  Miss Karen tended to
abuse her when she had nothing else to do.  

Miss Karen had told slut that a very close friend was coming to visit, and that
the friend would be using slut's former home for a couple of weeks.  Slut had
cleaned it from top to bottom and cleaned it again after Miss Karen inspected
it.  She was nervous about the arrival of the friend because she had no idea
what it would mean to her.  The place bore little resemblence to when she owned
it.  Other than the furniture and a few accessories, nothing remained that she
had a connection to.  It seemed sterile, like a home kept ready for visitors to
occupy.

She wondered what she would do when she had to get gas for the van.  All Miss
Karen had allowed her to bring was some money for fuel, detailed directions, and
the clothes on her back.  Unfortunately those clothes were minimal, amounting to
nothing more than a tight white t-shirt and a pair of gray cotton panties.  It
was better than driving naked, but the idea of having to pump gas dressed as she
was made her nervous.  The panties were soaked through, and unfortunately they
were gray.  Slut knew the spot would be large and quite visible.  This was what
distressed her most.  She hoped she could reach her destination on the gas that
was in the tank, and, hopefully, get gas in the morning before her cunt had a
chance to make them wet again.  



Karen had put candi through an extended period of supression and disorientation
that was enhanced by a liberal use of appropriate drugs, a bit of technology,
and good, old fashioned mind control.  Now she was recreating the creature so
that she would be of some use. The silent, unfeeling robot she had made was
simply a necessary part of the process.  When she knew that candi was awakening
each morning with the mindset that she was simply an animal, it was time to
restore a bit of humanity to her.  Otherwise, all she would have managed to do
is to create a worthless zombie that was of little value either for
entertainment, personal service, or, well...anything.

The little lesbian bitch had taken to making love as a duck runs to water. 
Karen continued to enjoy the incomparable sweetness of her cunt, and had taught
her how to use her tongue and fingers to please another woman.  It wasn't as
though candi were completely ignorant, but everyone has their preferences, and
Karen saw no use in letting a slave freelance on her.  The cunt had taken her
instructions and applied them quite satisfactorily.  She even exhibited
eagerness and enthusiasm.  

Karen was so excited by the arrival of Tawny later that evening that she needed
the distraction candi could provide.  With slut's former home ready to accept a
temporary occupant, slut on her way to pick up henry and amy, and everything
else in order, why not spend the afternoon receiving a little pleasure?  It
wouldn't ruin her, Karen thought with a smile.  Perfection can't be ruined.

Just before sending slut off on her mission, Karen had taken candi onto the new
hammock she had purchased.  Karen explained that she wanted to while away some
time with candi nibbling at her nipples and stroking her pussy, and laid back
comfortably while the little lesbian went about her work.  It had been a
delicious hour.  Karen always enjoyed being naked outdoors.  The cool breeze
that blew over the yard made the shady spot under the tree quite pleasant. 

Candi had been trained to the degree that she was able to deliver an hour or and
afternoon of low grade sexual stimulation without frustrating her owner in any
way.  She had learned to read her body and how it reacted, and could tailor her
actions to meet Karen's stated needs. There was no better way to pass time as
pleasantly.

  
Though candi's body would never be as sexually appealing as her older sister's,
Karen had hardened her muscles and given her a lean, athletic look.  The
piercings made the task all the easier.  Rather than coerce the creature into
doing one hundred crunches, all Karen had to do was secure her in appropriate
ways.  One of the best for her abdominal muscles was to suspend the upper half
of her body off the edge of a coffee table in the sun room by securing her
ankles to the table legs on the opposite end, then tying twine from her nipple
rings to a hook in the ceiling.  With her arms cuffed behind her back, she had
no choice but to keep her tummy tight if she wanted to avoid ripping her
nipples.   Karen had developed similar positions for most of the cunt's major
muscle groups and enjoyed watching her struggle while her muscles flexed and
quivered. 

Karen had begun housing slut each night in the little a-frame hut that candi had
called home for so many weeks, and allowing candi to sleep on the floor at the
foot of her bed.  This was most convenient for Karen, since candi had become
such a practiced cunt licker as well as a respectable toilet slave.  When Karen
needed to pee in the middle of the night, she simply got out of bed and
straddled candi's head, peeing directly into her open and willing mouth.  The
little thing really seemed to enjoy being used in such a way, and drank greedily
every chance she got.  Karen typically secured candi to the foot of the bed by
padlocking a short light chain to her nose ring.  She kept her hands secured
either to a collar or bound them together behind her back.  Karen continued to
prevent both candi and her sister from being able to pleasure themselves as much
as was possible.  In slut's case, monitoring was not always practical,
especially when she was running errands or doing work out of direct view. 

She thought about slut and what kind of experience she was going to have.  From
what Tawny had told her of her friend in Miami, slut would be in for a long and
challenging evening.  Karen only hoped she'd get enough sleep to be able to
drive home safely  tomorrow.  Any sort of accident or mishap could make for a
great deal of inconvenience.

She couldn't believe she was finally going to see Tawny!  It had been so long
that she was beginning to wonder if they would ever be able to get together
again.  Karen was looking forward to seeing henry and amy, too.  The new slave,
whoever she was, would be interesting as well.  Tawny's tastes did not run
toward the bland or domestic.  She was exotic through and through.  Everything
about her was sensuous.  Oh, how Karen had missed her!

She pushed her thighs wider, signaling candi that the slow, repetitive stroking
of her wet inner lips could be enhanced by a bit of penetration.  She sighed as
the cunt's delicate fingers gingerly parted her lips and slid between them.  On
cue, the cunt began to nibble at her right nipple.  It was part of the process
of bringing her owner to a higher state of arousal, each series of actions
signaled by some small, subtle sign from Karen.  She stretched, feeling
wonderful as the tool of her pleasure played her body like no other could,
except for Tawny.



After four hours of driving slut realized she would run out of gas before
arriving in Miami.  Rather than exit the interstate at a major interchange and
suffer the humiliation of displaying herself to dozens of people dressed as she
was, she sought out a lesser traveled exit and drove some distance to an old,
run down convenience store that charged exhorbitant prices and had very slow
pumps.  Thankfully, there were no other customers.  Her heart rose into her
throat and stayed there throughout the long minutes it took to fill the tank. 
She glanced down at her panties and knew there was no hiding the large wet spot. 
Her t-shirt was just too tight and too short to pull down, and she was beginning
to sweat through it in the oppressive heat of a typical summertime late
afternoon in Southern Florida.  She had no choice but to cross the short
distance from the pumps to the inside of the store with the knowledge it was
obvious she suffered from a wet pussy. 

She clutched the forty dollars Miss Karen had given her, wishing she didn't have
to wait for change.  She was shocked to be hit in the face by a wave of ice cold
air mixed with a thick blue cloud of cigarette smoke as soon as she opened the
door.  The store was filthy, as was the nasty looking little man behind the
counter.  She approached him quickly, feigning confidence.  She told herself not
to think.  She reminded herself that she was property now, that it wasn't about
her.  She tried to breath normally.  The man was staring down at her crotch,
then glancing up at her breasts.  "Twenty seven?", slut said nervously.

The man clearly did not share her sense of urgency.  He leaned back on his
little stool to light a fresh cigarette.  A mound of butts overflowed the
ashtray on the counter.  He hadn't shaved in a week, she thought.  She felt her
nipples pushing harder against the tight, thin t-shirt, hoping it was from the
cold and not the man's uninhibited staring. 

He took a deep draw, seeming to burn the Pall Mall halfway down in a race of
glowing embers.  "Born to fuck?", he asked, smoke curling out lazily from his
nose and mouth.  Slut nearly gagged.  Her eyes watered.  "Born to fuck?", he
asked again, this time looking up at her face as though he had just then
realized she had one. 

"Please.", she said.  "Twenty seven?"

"Born to fuck?", the man asked again, tilting his head as though it were the
most profound question mankind could conceive of. 

Slut felt her clitoris begin to harden.  This was troubling.  Deeply troubling. 
A flash of an image of her on her knees shot through her brain.  "Oh, no!", she
thought.  She squeezed her legs together, feeling a fresh reserve of cunt juice
seep out into her panties.  She was beginning to feel helpless, as though things
had already gotten out of hand. 

"Please?", she asked pleadingly, sliding the forty dollars across the counter. 
She wondered what would happen to her if she returned to Miss Karen without
change.  She was always required to produce receipts and change to prove she was
not somehow setting aside money or had made an unauthorized purchase.  She
needed a receipt, and she needed change.  She didn't know what would happen if
she didn't have them, but...

"Born to fuck?", the man asked loudly, as though she were hard of hearing.  He
broke into a rasping, rattle of a cough that was as repulsive as his appearance
and the filth of the store.  She was sure the bottom of her feet were black
already.  What could she say to end this?

"Yes.", she finally admitted.  She probably looked as though she had just
swallowed castor oil, but her sexual motor was running and she could think of no
way to stop it.  Well,...

"Mebbe I give up change fer a look at them titties.", the man said quickly, his
eyes tearing in the aftermath of the brief coughing fit.  He took the forty and
began waving it around, making a buzzing sound in imitation of a bee, or was it
a fly? 

It was a small price to pay.  Slut took hold of the bottom of the t-shirt and
tugged it up over her breasts with some difficulty.  She held it up just under
her chin to ensure the wicked little man got an eyeful.  Holding the money in
his right hand, he reached forward with his left to take hold of her left
nipple.  "Whooowee!", he exclaimed.  "Lotta nipple onnem titties!"  He twisted
it roughly, causing slut's whole body to turn as she gasped out loud.  "I could
suck on em all day.  Yes, yes, yes!"

Slut noticed him glance out through the smeared glass toward the pumps.  She
followed his eyes and saw a police cruiser parked just outside the store.  He
continued to twist her nipple back and forth painfully right up until the moment
the door swung open.  Slut pulled her shirt back down over her breasts, knowing
the officer had seen the nasty man tormenting her.

"Abusing the ladies again, Merle?"  It was a female officer.  Slut sighed in
relief.  Why did she feel so disappointed?  She turned toward the officer,
tugging her t-shirt down as low as she could get it, which wasn't enough even to
conceal her hard, flat stomach. 

The officer was middleaged, thin, and hard looking.  Her lips were pursed and
expressionless, but her eyes roaming freely over slut's body, finally centering
on the wet spot on the front of her panties.  Slut wasn't sure, but it seemed
the corners of the officer's mouth turned up so slightly that it was barely
noticeable. Her face was freckled and probably hadn't been touched by makeup in
years.  She hooked her thumbs into her glistening black duty belt, then looked
slut in the eyes and winked at her.  "Merle, give the lady her change!", she
barked authoritatively.

Merle counted out the change and threw it on the counter contemptuously. 
"Bitch!", he blurted out quite clearly.  Slut grasped the bills in her right
hand, not sure what to do.  She still needed a receipt.

"You need me to break your fingers again, Merle?", the officer answered him
bitterly.  The two obviously had a deep history that was not one of kindness and
understanding. 

"Why you here?", Merle shouted. 

"I'm here to rescue this beauty from your tittie twisting, shithead!"

Oh, God, slut thought.  How do I get out of here?  She looked sheepishly at the
officer, raising her hand as though she needed permission to speak.

"I ain't twistin' no tittie!", the wretched man lied. 

"And my eyes ain't seeing what they seeing any more Merle!  Must be a God damned
vision I had of you twisting on this pretty thing!"

Looking back and forth, slut saw that the man had removed his hands from the
counter.  He was obviously getting more agitated but at the same time apparently
feared having his hands smashed by the hard bitten female officer. 

"You said it you seein' things you fuckin' lesbian bitch!", he rasped, fighting
off another coughing fit.

"Well, now I'm sad Merle.  You went and embarassed me in front of the little
lady here.", the officer answered sarcastically.  Slut thought she had crossed
the line of professionalism, but she didn't much care about anything but getting
out of there with a receipt. 

The man finally succumbed to a long series of dry hacking that sounded painful. 
The officer raised her eyebrows at slut as though to ask what it was that she
wanted. 

"Um, I need a receipt?", slut asked shyly.
"Merle, give the lady a receipt.", the policewoman ordered.

The man nodded through his uncontrollable coughing and ripped a register receipt
loose, tossing it on the counter.  Slut grabbed it without hesitating and
stepped toward the door.  Just as she was about to pass the officer she was
caught by the upper arm and held back.  "Not so fast.", the policewoman said. 
"Why are you running around in wet panties, sweetie?"  She was turning slut by
her shoulders so that she could look directly at her.  She left her hands on
both shoulders, holding slut firmly. 

"Um, I'm just, ah...driving to Miami to pick up something for a friend."

"In wet panties?"

"Um, yes.  I guess so."

"Drugs?"

"What?"

"Picking up what, drugs?"

"Oh, no ma'am.  Not drugs.  I don't know...it's like an errand." 

"You a hooker?"

"Oh, no ma'am."

"Uh huh.  Not a hooker, just a slut, right?"

Oh, God.  Why couldn't she just leave?  "Um, yes ma'am."

The officer's tone suddenly lightened.  She turned slut toward the door and
began to escort her out into the stagnant heat, still keeping a hand on slut's
upper right arm.  "A slut, huh?  Now I feel better, knowing what you are.  Been
drinking today?"

"Um, no ma'am!"

"Ohhh, I don't know about that. Let's just step over here by my cruiser.  I
thought I got a whiff of something in there, darling."

Slut felt herself gliding along under the firm control of the tough policewoman. 
What else could she do?  She was pulled over toward the rear of the patrol car
and deftly positioned with her ankles spread wide and her hands on the trunk
lid.  "I'll need to search you for weapons before performing a field sobriety
test on you,  missy."

"Yes, ma'am.", slut replied.  Obviously she didn't have any weapons, but she
felt herself under the command of the officer and certainly didn't want to make
things worse for herself.  She arched her back, mindful of the need to carry and
position herself in an enticing way at all times.  The officer quickly reached
up under either side of the t-shirt from behind and glided her hands up and
under until she cupped each breast, capturing slut's nipples between her
fingers.  It was broad daylight!  Slut glanced around quickly to see if anyone
was watching.  She could see the nasty man through the filmy glass of the
storefront where he stood, fixated on the goings on outside.  He sneered.  Slut
sighed loudly as the officer pressed her fingers tightly together, both pinching
the fat, elongated nipples between them and squeezing her heavy breasts.  

"Girl, where'd you get these nipples?", the officer asked.  "You may as well
have "Fuck Me" tattooed on your forehead!" 

Slut didn't know how to answer, so didn't.  She felt the sweat beading up on her
upper lip and licked it off hungrily, realizing she was beyond any ability to
control the situation any further.  After several long seconds of kneading her
dangling breasts, the officer placed one hand on the small of slut's back, then
reached down and roughly pulled aside her panties, exposing her bare, sopping
cunt to the stagnant, oven like heat that rose up off the asphalt.  As slut
unconsciously pushed her hips invitingly back toward the officer, she felt
several fingers sliding easily past her swollen, neglected lips and deeply into
her hungry, clasping cunt.  "Oh!", she gasped, reveling in the nasty debauchery
that she had learned through time and experience to relish.  She felt every bit
the unsatiated whore that had been coming out of her since she had been taken by
Miss Karen.  The fingers probed deeply inside her, freely exploring what was
once the most intimate and protected part of her body.  Now, it was a hole for
others to use as they chose.  Any byproduct of that use was hers to savor. 

A thumb pressed firmly against her hardened, engorged clit, causing her whole
body to shudder in an unexpected wave of pleasure.  The officer certainly knew
how to manipulate a cunt, slut thought.  She closed her eyes, washing away only
momentarily the image of the dastardly convenience store operator gazing in
unfettered glee at what he could only have dreamed would ever happen in his
eyesight.  The officer was sawing her fingers in and out of slut's cunt, and she
began to rock her hips in rhythym with the officer's pumping hand.  Slut threw
her head back as the thumb began flicking her rigid clit back and forth, causing
her knees to weaken as spikes of pure, delicious bliss washed up and over her in
a rising tide of uncontrollable sensations that she knew would take her too
quickly over the peak.  She cried out freely across the store lot as the first
bursts of orgasm rocked through every fiber in her body.  
"Mmmmaaaahhhhyyyeessss!", she screamed. 

Before she was even aware of what was happening, the thin, tough female police
officer was guiding her firmly back toward the store entrance, where the
depraved owner stood peering out.  Slut looked down to see that her  t-shirt was
almost completely soaked through with sweat.  It clung to her as a second skin,
making every nuance of her upper body clearly visible through the fabric.  In
addition to the growing wet spot around her cunt, the rest of her panties were
beginning to aborb so much perspiration that they, too, were almost completely
wet.   Slut was delirious as the officer told Merle to give her the restroom
key, then guided her around the side of the store to a filthy white door secured
by a rusty padlock.  The officer used the key to unclasp the padlock and
subsequently opened the door.  She pulled slut inside and, without saying a
word, pulled her t-shirt up over her head, tossing it onto the floor.  Then she
pushed slut's panties down to her ankles.  Slut stepped out of them, completely
naked while the officer unbuckled her duty belt and draped it over the sink. 
"Take my shoes off.", the officer ordered.  Slut knelt on the filthy old
linoleum floor to do as she had been told.  Before she even had both shoes off
the female cop had pushed her uniform trousers and her panties down past her
knees and ordered slut to remove them as well. 

The pungent aroma of aroused females quickly intermingled with that of urine,
spilled beer, and cigarette butts in the dank confines of the stuffy little
restroom.  Slut's head was grabbed and pulled into the officer's crotch.  "Lick
me you nasty fucking whore!", the officer growled. 

Her cunt was covered with a heavy thatch of red, wiry hair.  As slut's nose was
pressed into it she extended her eager tongue down low and pushed it firmly up
between the woman's well concealed cleft and licked it's entire length from
bottom to top.  She repeated this while the officer spread her legs wider, and
was soon lapping at the musky cunt like a dog licks ice on a hot summer day. 
"Yessssss you worthless slut!  Lick it!  Lick me, whore!", the officer hissed
through clenched teeth.  "You love it, don't you?  You love licking cunt!"

Slut labored naked on the filthy restroom floor for more than thirty minutes,
giving the thin lesbian police officer at least five orgasms before finally
being told to get dressed.  The officer had gotten much more friendly with slut
with every successive orgasm, and now considered herself a friend of some sort. 
Slut had been engaged in sexual acts with complete strangers for so long now
that she found the attitude strange and didn't know quite how to react.  Miss
Karen would not allow her to have friends, she was sure.  Besides, she need to
be getting along.  She was already going to be late getting to wherever she was
going.  The officer gave her a business card with her home phone number on the
back, telling her to "check in" the next time she was in the area. 

It was with both relief and relish that slut started the van to resume her trip
to Miami.  She hadn't counted on being accosted by a horny lesbian cop, and
wasn't at all disappointed that she had been so publicly abused.  Surely Miss
Karen would have known such things might happen, what with the minimal amount of
clothing she had been sent off with and the instructions to be accomodating to
all that she met. 

Back out on the interstate, a slight smile crossed slut's lips as she thought
about all that she had missed in her old life as a respectable, married school
teacher.  She would never look at a run down convenience store the same way
again, let alone a female police officer.  The air conditioning felt good.  So
much was to happen over the next couple of days that she was filled with
anticipation.  She wanted to pick up whatever she was picking up and get back to
meet Miss Karen's "friend".  What she faced in Miami she didn't know. 




Karen' heart beat with excitement when her cellphone finally rang at about six
p.m.   She was not excitable in the least in most circumstances, but the thought
of seeing Tawny again made her feel like a schoolgirl. 




Chapter 22  Old Friends

candi had been mounted to the wall just inside her Mistress's entry for more
than an hour.  Over the previous couple of weeks this was where and how she had
spent considerable time.  She was sure Mistress was excited at the arrival of
her friend and nervous that everything be "just right".   If that "just right"
meant being stuck to the wall with the wicked boots on, then candi could do it. 
She still swooned at the memory of how she had spent the afternoon on the
hammock licking, kissing, and stroking her beautiful owner.  If she did well,
maybe she could do that again soon, or maybe she could do something else that
would make her happy.  In the meantime it was best to stay still as a statue,
just as she had been taught. 

Mistress continued to tidy up, even finding a pretty silk scarf to drape around
candi's neck and upper shoulders to conceal the tatoo flowers.  Mistress
adjusted her hands and fingers just a bit to ensure they were held at the
perfect angle.  In past sessions like this candi was used as a coat hanger. 
Mistress would hang her keys from one nipple ring and her cellphone from the
other, then drape her purse over candi's neck and hang a sweater or light jacket
from her hands.  candi was always required to be completely still, even to the
point that she could not blink her eyes without doing so carefully and only once
every five minutes or so.  Mistress had taught her how to breath slowly without
causing her chest or tummy to rise and fall, and had strengthened her muscles
and her endurance so that she could stay in position with items hanging from her
for a long period of time before any perspiration or signs of exertion became
apparent.  Mistress had even experimented by having candi's sister powder her to
see if she could be made to look even more inanimate.  Today, though, she was
not powdered but was simply made up.  Mistress hadn't the time or patience to
attend to candi as her sister did.

candi faintly thought that the most difficult part of the evening might be
holding the expression her owner had formed on her face.  She thought she looked
surprised, with her eyebrows held high, lips held in an oval shape and her
cheeks drawn in a bit.  She had gotten accustomed to the inflatable plug that
Mistress mounted to the wall and inserted in her ass to hold her in place.  She
couldn't possibly extricate herself from it once it was inflated.  candi was
very grateful for the leather strap that surrounded her hips and fastened
securely to the wall on either side.  It supported her weight as she leaned
forward, legs spread and pressed against the wall, back arched, and lower arms
held out parallel to the floor.  She imagined she looked somewhat like a
department store mannequin, which is what her Mistress wanted.



Karen had spent considerable time both in coming up with uses for candi as well
as thinking of a creative way of presenting her to Tawny.  She knew how much
Tawny loved surprises, and had fond memories of times when Tawny surprised her
with some of the things she had done with her slaves.  She wondered what had
happened to the beautiful young hispanic girl that had been so deliciously
prepared as a tableau for a dinner buffet.  The crab dip that had been stuffed
up her cunt was to die for, and retrieving it on the breadsticks was delightful. 
She would have to ask Tawny about that one. 

Karen was typically the most decisive of women, except when she got within a
mile of Tawny.  Tawny was the only woman that Karen truly respected as an equal,
which went a long way toward explaining her attraction to her.  It was more than
just the physical attraction of her exotic, sexy body and sassy attitude.  Their
relationship involved a great deal of mental stimulation that they both found
refreshing in a world primarily composed of dullards. 

Karen hadn't been able to come to a decision as to what she would do with candi
over the long term.  She had been enjoying her simply as a source of pleasure
and entertainment over her hiatus, but would rely on Tawny's input as to what 
use candi might be once she had to return to her career.  Slut was an entirely
different story, but she did want to talk with Tawny about her as well, as she
presented several attractive options.



Karen saw movement through the glass in the door just before someone gently
knocked.  Her heart leaped in pure happiness as she quickly swung the door open. 
Tawny had stood back while her new girl knocked, and now curtseyed to Karen
before announcing, "M'lady is delighted to present this wanton harlot for your
use, Madame."   Karen burst out laughing.  She had a perfect British accent and
was wonderful to behold. 

"You have outdone yourself yet again, you bitch!", Karen exclaimed, noting that
Tawny looked as luscious as ever. "She's beautiful!"

"Still, not as beautiful as me, though.", Tawny replied deadpan.

"I dunno.", Karen answered mischieviously.  "Tall, young buxom redhead with
freckles and an accent, or short, dark, smolderingly sexy lesbian dominatrix?" 
She paused for effect.   "I'll take both!"

Tawny stepped past her newest slave, who remained in mid curtsey until given
instructions.  She moved straight to Karen and embraced her as the long lost
lover that she really was.  She had missed her nordic princess dearly.  Karen
took her into her arms and pulled her tightly as their lips locked in a hungry
and needful kiss that expressed many months of longing for each other.  By the
time it ended, not only were they short of breath and more than a little
aroused, but both of their witnesses had been affected as well. Candi struggled
to avoid letting her breathing be noticed, but her cunt had warmed up a lot
since she had watched, at least peripherally, her Mistress and her friend kiss. 
Their attention turned to her, and it made her nervous.

"I like your hall tree.", Tawny said casually as she curled an arm around
Karen's waist. 

"I like your redhead, a lot!", Karen replied. 

"Lizbeth, come in and close the door.", Tawny directed.

"Lizbeth?  Ha!  It's perfect!", Karen exclaimed, laughing.  The slave looked
every bit the proper english maid.  She was beautiful, full busomed, slim, tall,
blue-eyed, poised, and even had a nice coating of freckles over luminescent
white skin.  Tawny had obviously dressed her to convey a bit of victorian
England.  Her blouse was a high collared, full sleeved white cotton gauze that
formed itself enticingly around her full, high breasts.  She wore a simple black
skirt, no hose, and a pair of full top old-fashion style black pumps.  Tawny had
known Karen had a fetish for those shoes and had certainly dressed her slave in
them to please Karen.  "Where did you find her?", Karen asked. 

"Calcutta, believe it or not.  She was auctioned, which is unbelievable.  But,
some people will sell anything when they need money.", Tawny answered proudly. 
"A broker secured her for me."

Karen looked over the tall beauty critically.  She found no flaws.  The eyes
were bright and intelligent like her own.  They were about the same height and
weight. "What does a honey like that go for these days?"

"I got her for two fifty seven.  I thought it was a steal."

"Too rich for my blood.", Karen sighed.

"They probably have a discount for government employees.", Tawny joked.

"Bitch!", Karen responded, smiling.  She was so wet!  Every second she spent
with Tawny was arousing in some way.  She had never been able to understand it. 
The Malaysian beauty was strikingly beautiful, especially for a woman so petite. 
She looked absolutely dilectable in the little brown silk dress and matching
pumps she wore.  Her eyes were large and brown, and the dress matched them
perfectly.  Karen wouldn't have been surprised to know Tawny had ordered the
dress made in a material specifically to match her eyes.  She had so much money
she didn't know what to do with it, and often undertook such extravagences. 
Karen wouldn't complain.  She hoped one day to be with Tawny "always and
forevermore", as they sometimes said.

"Where's your other one?", Tawny asked, squeezing Karen tighter.

"I sent her to pick up Henry and Amy.  Won't be back until tomorrow.", Karen
answered.

"You mean my friend in Miami is keeping her overnight?"

"Yes.  It was the quickest way or I would have had to send her tomorrow morning
for a round trip."

"Oh."

"Problem?"

"No.  I just hope she isn't planning on room service and eggs benedict in the
morning.  He is a bit over the top at times, my friend down there."

"Whatever.  As long as she makes it back in one piece with both of them in good
condition."  Karen was genuinely unconcerned by Tawny's comments.  She had been
hard on slut and didn't think it a bad thing that she might find it was possible
to do a lot worse than to be owned by Karen.  Might be an enlightening
experience for slut.

"This one?"  Tawny gestured toward candi, then casually cupped Karen's left
breast in her right hand. 

Karen couldn't wait.  She patted Tawny's sweet little ass through the thin silk
minidress.  "Fell into my lap.  Accidentally.  She was visiting big sister and,
well..."

"This the one we talked about?"  Tawny squeezed Karen's breast, then felt her
ass get squeezed in response. 

"Yes."  Karen reached over and pulled the scarf off candi, exposing her tatoos. 
She draped it over candi's extended arm.  "Like I told you, not much to brag
about, other than the taste.  It has become quite a little cuntlicker, though." 

Candi felt her pulse quicken as she listened to them speak about her. 

"Not a bad hall treee, either.", Tawny added.

"We can talk later.", Karen said softly, turning toward Tawny.  Those big,
beautiful bedroom eyes looked up at her, full of lust and wanting.  She took
hold of the minidress and lifted it straight up and over Tawny's head, leaving
her naked but for the pumps.  She was a sight!

Karen carefully draped the dress over candi's right arm, then took Tawny by the
hand and led her into the bedroom. 



Slut nervously pulled the van into a littered parking area outside a run-down
warehouse of some kind.  She double checked to make sure she had the correct
address, took a deep breath, and climbed out of the van.  There were no windows,
no cars, and no other indication that the warehouse was occupied.  It seemed to
her to be such an odd place to pick up parcels for Miss Karen.  She climbed the
concrete steps toward a door to the left of a small landing.  She felt very self
conscious.  Despite riding with the air conditioner on high the panties still
contained the large wet spot where her cunt continued to betray her perpetual
state of horniness.  The heat and humidity were even more oppressive here than
they had been...wherever that was that she had been accosted by the lesbian
police officer. 

She knocked timidly on the door.  It opened too quickly.  It seemed to her that
it should have taken a while for someone to get to it.  A nice looking man in
casual dress invited her in with a sweep of the hand and a smile.  She was
relieved by his appearance as well as by the fact that he seemed to have
expected her.  And that's all she remembered until she woke up foggy headed and
bleary eyed. 

She opened her eyes slowly, almost willing this to be a bad dream.  She hadn't
forgotten where her life had left off, and so knew that something had happened
between then and now to cause her to wake up on a concrete floor in a large
cell, naked.  That's what she knew without raising her head or rolling her eyes
around.  That was what she was satisfied with knowing for a while, at least
until her heart quit pounding and she could take better stock of her overall
condition. 

Nothing hurt, except for the throbbing headache that she assumed had something
to do with whatever was used to sedate her.  The room was hot and stuffy and it
smelled of sex.  She licked her lips and tasted something...familiar.  She moved
her hands and feet slightly, testing for restraint.  She didn't seem to be bound
in any way.  The floor was gritty, as though it hadn't been swept in a very long
time.  She lay on her back, and when she first slowly opened her eyes she saw
nothing but a plain concrete ceiling above her, dimly lit.  She noticed a
darker, small outline above and around her.  Focusing on it, she soon realized
that she must be in a cell of some sort, a four sided one.  She could see the
bars rise up and into the concrete ceiling, as though the cell, or whatever it
was, had been built into the construction of the...warehouse, or whatever it was
that she was in.  She stretched slightly.  It was cum she was tasting!  It was
on her lips!  She licked them again, searching for more with her eager tongue. 

A female voice, not far away, said, "Get up."  Whoever it was sounded bored.Slut
blinked a couple of times, feighning more muddle headedness than she actually
felt.  She slid her elbows up under her upper body and propped herself up on
them.  She was filthy, with dirt and sweat and cum all over her.  Her nipples
were hard and red as though they had been recently abused.  She knew she had
been well fucked, and was angry to have missed it.  Her head felt clearer and
she wasn't'dizzy at all.  She could see the woman's legs but was careful not to
look directly at her as she pushed herself up into a sitting position.  Rivulets
of jism ran down between her breasts and over her stomach. 

Out of the corner of her left eye she saw the legs step quickly toward.  She had
just enough time to wince before the hard slap landed across her face, sending
her over onto her right side in a heap.  Slut hated and feared being hit more
than almost anything in the world.  Tears immediately began to pour out of her
eyes as she sobbed like a child.  "Get up.", the voice repeated in the same tone
that she had first heard it.  This time she did not dawdle, and quickly rose to
her feet before assuming the position Miss Karen had taught her.  When she
spread her feet the required distance, a large glob of cum dropped out of her
cunt and onto the concrete in a loud "splat".  Slut was still suffering the
results of being slapped and was more fearful of the situation than humiliated
by it.  She was very close to having no shame left in her at all, she briefly
thought, the image of the police officer finger fucking her in the convenience
store parking lot flashed into her mind as though to reinforce the belief. 

Keeping her eyes on the floor to her direct front, she was still able to make
out the general shape of the woman and what she was wearing.  She seemed to be
middleaged and was dressed in plain clothes.  Slut could make out another cell a
short distance away from the one she and the woman occupied.  It appeared to
contain four men, strapped to examination tables.  She wondered what kind of
bizarre situation she was in.  Did Miss Karen know about this?  She heard the
distinctive click of a disposable lighter.  The woman was lighting a cigarette. 

"You are one fine piece of meat.", the woman commented blandly. 

Slut inhaled deeply to steady her breathing.  She wasn't sure if she should
answer.  "Thank you, Miss.", she replied reluctantly. 

"Best tan lines I've ever seen on a bitch."  The woman took a long draw on the
cigarette, making the embers glow neon orange in the dark warehouse.  "I'd like
to see you hanging from them nipples.  That'd be a sight."

The woman seemed to be thinking out loud and was not requiring answers.  Slut
said nothing as her tears subsided and her nervousness grew.  How many men had
fucked her?  She heard another splat and could see by where it landed that it
had fallen out of her ass. 

"What's your name?"

"slut, Miss."

"Slut?"

"Yes, Miss."

"Well, that's appropriate."  The woman laughed hoarsely.  There was a certain
rasp to her voice that told of a rough life.  "You can look over at the boys in
the next cell.  See them?"

Slut glanced up quickly, then back down at the floor in front of her.  "Yes,
Miss."

"I'm going to put you in with them.  You will get them hard and keep them hard
until you receive further instructions.  If any of them have an orgasm you will
be whipped.  If any of them go soft once you get them hard you will be whipped. 
It's simple.  Understand?"

Slut gulped.  It was a fearful and fantastic proposition.  She felt her cunt
begin to wake up as she just had.  "Yes, Miss."

"You are expected to use all your holes and you may use your hands only to hold
their cocks or play with their balls, but you may not jack them off.  Do you
understand that?"

"Yes, Miss."  Slut knew she sounded a bit too enthusiastic in her reply.

The woman pulled some keyes out of her pocket and reached through the bars to
unlock the cell door opposite slut.  She struck slut as the type of woman who
would work as a janitor.  She looked and sounded the part, and was even dressed
in what might have been a maintenance uniform with khaki shorts, a navy blue
work shirt, and brown work boots. The woman then unlocked the door to the other
cell and beckoned slut into it.  For a brief second slut considered running when
she was between cells.  She was sure, though, that the  warehouse was well
secured.  Besides, she was going to get to play with four cocks, just as she
pleased.  Why run away from that?  She told herself not to think.  She always
failed when she thought too much. 

As she entered the cell containing the men she noticed four cameras mounted in
each upper corner.   The men were secured at their ankles, knees, waists,
chests, wrists, upper arms, and necks to stainless steel examination tables. 
Their heads were completely sheathed in black leather hoods.  Slut thought how
very hot and stuffy it must be in them.  She recalled being similarly hooded by
Miss Karen and assumed their mouths were filled with rubber penises like hers
had been.  They were naked and had been completely shaved.  Their bodies
glistened, wet with the perspiration of fear.   Their chests rose and fell in
different rhythyms and none apppeared the least bit relaxed.  Slut knew they
were not in that cell voluntarily, and wondered if she could get them hard and
keep them that way under such circumstances.  She focused on their cocks and
swooned with delight at the sight of them.  The men were certainly chosen for
more than just perfectly toned and well conditioned bodies.  They were all four
exceptionally well hung.  Limp, there was not one cock that was less than six or
seven inches long and all were beautiful to behold.  One of the men was black
and three were white.  Temporarily lost in her reverie, slut was surprised when
she heard the cell door swing closed behind her.  The woman strolled lazily
away, calling back over her shoulder, "Get to it, slut."  A second later, before
she had moved, a bank of floodlights that were mounted between each camera
suddenly illuminated the center of the cell so brightly that slut had to squint
until she got used to it.  Her first thought was how much hotter the lights
would make it.  It must have been ninety degrees already.  From across the
warehouse, out of sight, she heard one final utterance from the woman before a
door closed and all was silent.  "You can cum as much as you want, slut.  Just
be sure not to let any of them get off."

Slut's enthusiasm, already high, suddenly doubled.  She could, after all, make
up for the fucking that she missed while she had been incapacitated.  It was
almost a dream come true, to be allowed as many orgasms as she wanted.  Oh!  If
only Miss Karen knew! 

The man closest to her was white, and he jerked when she first touched him.  She
assumed that they couldn't hear anything while hooded and so hadn't known what
was going on around them at all.  Slut smiled as she slid her right hand across
his hard belly and took hold of the base of his cock.  She had never gotten to
play with a cock that was hairless before, and now she had four of them, all to
herself.  How could she ever keep herself from delivering the cum she so
desperately craved?  She leaned forward, admiring the bright pink, well crowned
head of the meaty cock.   She lowered her lips down over the head and slowly
dragged her tongue around it's rim until, to her relief, she felt the slightest
little surge in the beast.  She pushed firmly down on the base, stretching the
skin into a smooth shaft of glistening man meat.  She lifted her head and blew
softly over the moistened head, feeling it twitch again as it began to stiffen. 
Turning her head sideways, she wrapped her lips around the underside of the
shaft and began nibbling her way up to the head, then back again.  Using this
treatment she brought the thing to it's full, proud length, which she guessed
was ten inches.  Slut had to keep reminding herself not to stroke it.  It seemed
a shame that such a useful tool in the giving of pleasure would be witheld. 

Once satisfied that the man was fully aroused and not likely to deflate quickly,
slut became preoccupied with moving on to the next cock.  It was equally long
and thick when flaccid, but carried a bulbous head that slut was anxious to get
into her cunt.  She simply loved cocks of all variety, and she loved them most
when they were filling her in one way or another.  The cock she moved to now was
made for fucking.  She imagined it capable of delivering devastating thrusts. 

The second man hadn't expected or known of her presence, either.  But, like the
first, he soon became little more than the thing that was attached to the
throbbing cock she was tormenting.  Slut found that, once erect, she could not
fit her lips over the head of the purple monster.  So, she climbed atop the
steel table and straddled the buff, slick body of the bound captive that the
current object of her lust belonged to.  When she lowered herself over the
thing, another glob of cum slid out of her slackened hole and dropped on the
man's smooth thigh.  Like a bird spotting a spring worm, slut quickly pounced,
gathering it onto her fingers and pushing them deeply into her mouth.  She
relished the taste as it swirled around and around in her mouth before
swallowing to allow it to coat her throat. 

She placed her cunt over the head and watched her lips stretch out widely to try
to accommodate it.  She had never seen or felt them so distended.  She lowered
herself beyond the point of feeling pain, knowing that she could not be
leisurely about getting the thing inside her.  She glanced nervously to her left
to see that her first friend of the evening was losing interest quickly.  Now
sensing what sort of a game she had found herself in, she forced herself to bear
whatever might come by dropping her weight down fully over the orange-sized head
and feeling it pass quickly up through her until she bottomed out with it deep
inside her.   The pain came only then, but she managed it without having to cry
out.  Her eyes rolled back into her head as she placed her hands on the man's
upper abdomen and began pumping the length of his shaft with her cunt.   "Oh,
God!", she thought, "I don't want to stop!".  The huge head felt like a bowling
ball inside her, completely filling her cunt channel from top to bottom with
every thrust. 

She leapt from it with a sucking pop to step across to the first man and lower
herself on his flagging but still semihard cock.  When he was fully sheathed
within her she sat down firmly on his body and rotated her hips front to back,
side to side, and in a circular motion until she felt him harden up.  Then, she
raised herself up verify that he was at his full length before beginning to fuck
him in earnest.  She hoped to get him to a sustainable point before, hopefully,
moving on to number three before number two began to tire.  So, she rode him for
just a few seconds longer before jumping off and onto the concrete again. 

She padded quickly over to number three, the black man, and stuffed his limp
dick into her mouth for an impatient swirling session accompanied by fleeting
glances back over at numbers two and one.  This cock was nice, too.  She liked
black cocks that were really black, as this one was.  They made her feel
so...so...nasty!  There was no time to admire her new friend, though, as she
needed to get it up and going without having to backtrack.  Already she was
categorizing which ones she was going to put into her ass.  The black cock
stiffened nicely but proved to be extraordinarily thick as well as long.  She
guessed it to be...well, it didn't matter.  They were all big.  Very big.  She
licked and sucked on the thing while squeezing and tickling the monstrous balls
that fed it.   Now this one was hard.  Two was still hard, just as she had left
it.   One was giving way already, but she might have time to get number four
going before attending to number one again.   The enthusiasm she felt earlier
was beginning to wane, but she was hopeful that once she got them all situated
and could get into a rhythym, all would be well.

Soon enough she had the fourth cock standing tall and decided that it was time
to make for more play and less work for herself.  She moved quickly back to the
first man and climbed up onto the table he was strapped to.  She couldn't
believe she was permitted to have as many orgasms as she liked.  Her cunt had
been neglected for so long that she was anxious to get busy fucking the men and
to get some satisfaction for herself.  She straddled the guy and reached down
between her legs to steady his huge cock as she lowered herself over it.  Her
cunt was sore and felt stretched from whatever had happened while she had been
unconscious, but she didn't care in the least.  She pushed the head back and
forth between the folds of her wet lips and relished the ability to rub her clit
as much as she liked at the same time.  What a wonderful sensation! 

The warehouse attendant snacked on a bag of chips while watching the whore
perform on the video monitor.  The latest collection of acquisitions needed, as
usual, to have their minds and cocks occupied while arrangements were worked out
for their distribution.  The attendant was glad to hand that responsibility over
to a slave rather than do it herself.  She normally went about the task in a
workmanlike fashion; stroking and teasing them for most of her twelve hour
shift.  She had been doing it for a number of years and saw it as nothing more
than a mechanical requirement of her duties.  It did nothing to arouse or
interest her.  Watching the nasty whore perform was as close a thing to
entertainment as she might get in a few weeks, for all she knew.  She wasn't
jealous of the pleasure the whore seemed to be getting out of the task.  Since
being desexed she had found life to be much simpler.  It was preferable to the
constant longing for stimulation she knew the sexy-but-filthy whore suffered
every waking minute of every day.  It was necessary for those that had use in
them, she knew.  But, well past her prime and never of a quality of the cunt she
watched, she was grateful to be able to continue to provide valuable service
even if it meant being locked inside a warehouse the rest of her life. 

She smiled faintly as she watched the cunt begin to ride the first long cock up
and down it's considerable length.  If the slave didn't pace herself, she might
just end up exhausted before her task was through. 




CHAPTER 23  Interlude

Ever since Tawny first seduced Karen in their sophomore year in college, their
sexual encounters had resembled a battle for supremacy.  That first time had
been a real struggle in which Karen resisted with all her strength before Tawny
finally wore her down and took her, there on the dorm room floor.  Neither had
been the same since.  They both understood, deep down, that they couldn't
tolerate each other over the long term.  Two such dominant personalities as
theirs would always find conflict.  But, the sparks that flew when they were
together for short periods of time burned as brightly as any either had known. 
They loved each other dearly, and they lusted for each other endlessly.  It was
the nonsexual aspects of life that they both knew would get in the way if they
ever tried to live together. 

For Lizbeth and candi the sounds emanating from what must be the master bedroom
were troubling.  It sounded as though there was a struggle going on, and
although no words were spoken, there were plenty of exclamations, grunts,
groans, and eventually two very loud orgasms that aroused them both just by
listening. 

candi, of course, could not move despite the fact that she more than perceived
that the redhead off to her right wouldn't know the difference, and was probably
as helpless as she was.  candi simply concentrated on being the best hall tree
she could be.  That was what her owner wanted.  That was how she would avoid the
bad things that could happen to her.  But, oh, how things hurt to be so very
still!

Lizbeth was a well trained, veteran slave.  Despite her young age and fresh
look, she never had doubts as to what to do in a given situation and knew this
was simply a time to stay in position and wait.  When her mistress got the
pleasantries of getting reacquanted with her old friend, they would find a use
for Lizbeth.  The creature attached to the wall was beneath her and so she
ignored it. 

Karen finally rolled off Tawny, gasping for breath.  She was the victor this
time, ending up on top and having controlled the tempo.  She knew Tawny hated to
lose, but when they both had orgasms like that, who cared?  "Bitch.", Karen
muttered.  "Cunt.", Tawny replied.  They both laughed. 

"Who sharpens your teeth?", Karen joked.   "Did you bite my clit completely off
or did you leave a little for later?"

"Oh, I'm listening to the lamentations of Lady Dracula?  Miss "I'll bite you on
the neck because that's how I like it?"  Tawny answered sarcastically.

They both sighed together, chuckling a little as they exhaled. 

"You know I still hate being scratched.", Tawny mentioned.

"That's why I scratch you every chance I get!"  Karen dragged her nails,
clawlike, down Tawny's upper leg. 

"Why can't I find a sub as sexy as you?", Karen asked.  It was a question Tawny
had heard a hundred times.   She gave the same answer as always.  "Because you
couldn't have so much fun looking!"

"What about this new one?" Tawny asked.  "Slut?"

"Yes, slut.  She's a cock whore."

"Too bad."

"Uh huh."

"Your hall tree out there?"

"Well...she tastes good.  I need to talk to you about them."

"Talky talky talky.", Tawny rolled over on top of Karen, lowering her wet cunt
down onto Karen's face while pushing her upper body up.  "How about you get busy
talking to Miss Daisy?" 

Karen's laugh was muffled by the deliciously smooth, wet flesh that surrounded
her mouth, and pushed her tongue deeply into "Miss Daisy" for that little talk.



Slut was relieved that all of her four hard cocks were staying up long enough
now for her to enjoy them.  She had rotated across them four times now, fucking
them in long, wonderful strokes.  She realized her real challenge now was to
prevent them from coming.  Though she would have loved to take them over the
edge and to have them coat her throat with their cum, she was mindful of the
threat to be hung from her tits if it happened.   So, she raised and lowered
herself over each cock no more than eight to ten times before stepping over to
the next pleasure pole for a ride on it.  All the while she was playing with her
clit and pinching and pulling on her nipples.   She had neared one orgasm but
let it slip away rather than continue to ride the cock she was on.  She was
greatly enjoying herself despite all of the fear and trepidation that remained
buried somewhere within her.  Somehow she had learned that the first priority is
not to think about anything more than the task at hand, and to do that task as
well as possible.  So, wherever she was and whatever was going to happen had
little bearing on this rare opportunity to use four huge, hard cocks in almost
any manner she would like to, except for the restriction that they not be
allowed to spew forth their contents.

She tried not to wonder about the four men that were attached to the great
cocks.  It was obvious to her that they were not bound to the tables voluntarily
and that her task of getting and keeping them hard was part of someone's plan. 
She wondered, as she groaned aloud while descending down over the largest slick
pole in temporary inventory, what Miss Karen knew about this...or her friend. 
She looked up through the glaring lights at the cameras and couldn't help but
smile.  It was a decadent thing, what she was doing.  But, it was under duress,
wasn't it?  She had been threatened.  She supposed, under those circumstances,
that it was okay if she happened to enjoy what she was doing.  She had been
taken away from her old life.  Maybe not the same as these men, but it had all
turned out okay...so far.   She was always fearful of displeasing her Mistress
and of being punished.  But she had never felt so alive in her life.  She was
dwelling in a world of extremes rather than in a mundane one.  And, today, or
tonight, whichever it was, she got to be a fucking machine.

Her nipples hardened all the more at the thought.  A fucking machine.  All of
her holes.  Four men.  Captives.  Hard cocks.  Huge ones.  For
her...to...ride... and...suck and lick and...  She felt herself rising again
toward an orgasm and quickly calculated whether to risk it.  She was on her
fourth or fifth stroke and decided that if it was going to happen, it should
happen now...quickly.   She pushed her right breast up toward her mouth and took
the long, meaty nipple between her lips and began to suckle it as though she
were a starving hyena.  Sure that she was properly balanced, she began slapping
at her clit and twisting her left nipple in a frenzy of lust that propelled her
almost instantly up and over her threshold and into a long, shuddering, and
completely mind-numbing orgasm.  She found her entire body rigid and shaking,
unable to move until it washed completely over her and subsided.   Her first
rational thought was to get off the cock and milk it quickly with her hands
until it shot straight down her throat.  She could see herself gobbling up the
thick sperm and swallowing it eagerly.  Then the thought of what it would be
like to be hung from her tits convinced her to simply continue performing her
task and to dismount this one for the purpose of mounting the next one.  She
looked around at the three unused cocks around her and licked her lips.  She was
a fucking machine.



After abusing each other for more than an hour, Tawny and Karen finally rolled
off the sweat-dampened bed.  Each bore the scratches, bite marks, and small
bruises that tended to accompany their trysts.  They were both tired.  Karen
decided to take a long shower while Tawny padded naked out to the entry way
where she had left Lizbeth and the human hall tree.  She sent the former off to
bathe her friend and planned to pass some time exploring this..."candi".

Tawny viewed the slave critically from several angles.  She removed the scarf
that Karen had so artfully arranged on the thing, and freed the creature of it's
burdens.  Though Karen hadn't yet fully elaborated on her questions, Tawny knew
what concerned her anyway.  Karen's hiatus from her intelligence work would soon
enough be over and it would be time for her to divest herself of her two
summertime diversions;  The Sisters Slut And Candi.  Karen had been acquiring
and discarding slaves for more than a dozen years now, and more often than not
Tawny was consulted in some way about what should be done to or with them. 
Tawny lived in the BDSM/slavery realm full time and had developed an extensive
list of contacts and associates the world over.  She had a good eye for value
and could have made a decent living as a broker if she weren't already as rich
as she wanted to be. 

This cunt was not especially notable.  Tawny sampled her juices and did find
them unique, but knew a tasty pussy was not a marketable asset.  The floral
tattoo was detrimental as well.  Though she brought her own tattoo kit at
Karen's request, she didn't see much that could be done to enhance anything
about the creature.  It was not an attractive thing, though it was not ugly. 
She simply couldn't identify any redeeming qualities that would put it in any
category other than simple labor or some of the darker options.  This was new
for Karen, as every previous acquisition had been preselected for the kinds of
attributes that were attractive to both Karen and potential buyers. 
This...candi...had simply been an accidental add-on.  Tawny wondered, though she
knew her friend quite well, how Karen would react to the news that this cunt's
future was likely to be a tough and fairly short one. 

Tawny knelt and reached between the mounted cunt's legs where the rubber bulb
hung from the tube leading to the anal plug that kept the creature firmly
attached to the wall.   She released the little air plug, allowing the thing to
deflate, then pulled the cunt down by it's nipple rings onto it's knees.  
"Tongue.", she said.  The tongue sprang forth instantaneously.  Tawny took hold
of the heavy ring mounted in the end of the tongue and stood to pull the animal
by it's tongue around the house.  She simply wanted to get acquainted with the
interior and to find a comfortable place to rest for a while.  She settled into
a nice peach colored leather sofa and slid her hips up to the edge of the
cushion while positioning the slave between her legs.  "Nose in cunt, tongue in
ass.", she said simply.

Karen had gotten quite good at the psychological aspects of twisting fairly
normal minds into depraved obedient ones.  So, it came as no surprise to Tawny
that this white, shaved thing did not hesitate to put it's nose in her pussy and
tongue on her tight little asshole.  Tawny rested her feet on the cunt's back
and ordered it to "lick".  She loved to pass time this way, although her
preference was to have a tongue that is unencumbered by a ring.  The deep
probing that she liked was more difficult and less pleasant with a ring
installed.  So, she limited her direction to this cunt to simple,
straightforward, rhythymic licking. 

candi was so very grateful to be taken off the wall and used.  The woman was so
beautiful, even prettier than her owner!  She was happy to be between her legs
and happy to be of service.  She pushed saliva out onto her tongue and slathered
it all around the musky little hole and licked it up and down, around and
around, up and down, around and around, just as the woman directed, for what
seemed to candi to be a very long time. 



Karen greatly enjoyed the professional attentions of Lizbeth.  Not only was she
lovingly bathed and massaged in the shower, but Lizbeth patted her dry, brushed
her hair, powdered her, and helped her into a short satin robe.  Tawny's slaves
always made Karen long for the time when she wouldn't be caught in the cycle of
acquiring, training, and moving slaves in short cycles during her breaks.  She
could never get hers to the level of performance that Tawny enjoyed.  That was
to be expected, she knew.  Karen left Lizbeth naked, kissing her on the lips in
thanks for the expert performance.  She took her hand and walked through the
house to find Tawny and candi in her den. 

"Well, this proves you're the true bitch.", Karen snapped in feigned anger.  "I
treat your slaves like gold and you have mine licking your ass."

Tawny simply smiled back.  She was content. 

Karen placed Lizbeth off to the side and sat down beside Tawny, draping her left
arm over her lover's neck and brushing her hair off her forehead.  "Thanks.",
Karen whispered softly.  "Lizbeth is great.  Can I have her.?"

Tawny laughed softly.  It was a running joke between them.  Karen was always
asking if she could have one or the other of Tawny's slaves.  "When you retire,
maybe?", Tawny answered as she always did.  "What are you waiting for, anyway? 
I'm sure I've made you enough money in sales to retire, so who needs that
piddling government pension?"

"You know I'm waiting to get a crack at the big boy.", Karen cooed.

"You've kicked enough Arabs in the balls these last few years, Karen.  They may
never find him!"  She glanced sideways at Karen. 

"Well, I have a feeeeeeling...", Karen said softly.

"You're always so damned circumspect!  Do they know where he is?"

"That's beyond me, and I say no more."

"Cunt!"

"Bitch!"

They laughed together and began to reminisce about old times.



Slut had no clue how long she had been fucking her four captive cocks.   She
was, however, counting her orgasms and had managed five so far.  She was tiring
and her cunt was getting sore, so she had finally had to revert back to using
her mouth to keep the boys up.  It was strange to lick and suck her own juices
off the huge rods, at least until she had them completely clean.  It made her
think of Miss Karen and how much she wished she would be used more to give her
owner pleasure.  She was sure she could do as well as her little piggie sister
candi.  The image of Miss Karen and candi in the hammock when slut had left for
the trip to Miami popped into her head, delivering along with it a wave of envy
and a sense of failure.  She would take full advantage of any chance she got to
service Miss Karen.  After all, she had made the skinny police officer happy,
hadn't she?  Without knowing how long she would be required to perform on the
four cocks, she could not design a plan for when she would take them into her
ass.  She knew that once she started she had to continue until the task was
over.  She certainly didn't want to have to lick them or put her cunt on them
after her ass had been working them.  She thought too that maybe only one of
them would be easy to work into her backside, and wondered if the rules she had
been given meant that every cock had to be in every hole or if she simply had to
use every hole to keep all the cocks hard.  When would she be allowed to go? 
She worried about Miss Karen and her friend and what she might be missing.  She
felt so left out.  What was this place?  She quickly realized she was thinking
too much again and decided to be thankful at this opportunity to be licking and
sucking such wonderful specimens of the male organ.  Not many girls got this
chance, she told herself.   



candi's tongue was completely numb by the time her owner's friend took hold of
it again and led her quickly into the guest bathroom.  She had overheard a bit
of conversation between them in which the woman had told Miss Karen that she
hadn't put a drop of piss into a toilet in three years.  It was not until the
woman positioned her so that the back of her neck rested on the front edge of
the toilet bowl that she understood what the statement had meant.  She pressed
her lips tightly over the woman's cunt when it was lowered down onto her face
and drank eagerly when the hot piss filled her mouth.  As ordered she licked the
woman clean and stayed in position to receive the piss of both her owner and the
other woman whose name candi couldn't remember.  After they had all emptied
their bladders into her, she was ordered out onto a coffee table and put into
position on all fours.  Though her ability to follow conversations was not what
it had once been, she was able to understand that they were talking about her by
picking up snippets of what they were saying. 

"...too small to be of much use as a laborer..."

"...simply not attractive enough to serve in a sexual capacity..."

"...could be of use on one of the asian assembly lines..."

"...even with some radical body modifications there wouldn't be much value..."

"...maybe for torture training..."

"...those people are savages..."

"...probably the best you could do is fifty thousand for this one..."

"...I hope you haven't grown attached to it..."

candi's conditioning had dramatically altered her cognitive abilities, so she
was not able to completely grasp the nature of the conversation.  What she could
understand was enough to make her fearful that bad things might happen to her.  
She was powerless to do anything about it, though.  Other than faintly grasp
that her future may be quite different from her present circumstances.

After the conversation ended her owner led her to the garage and secured her in
the little hut that had become a comfortable and safe haven for her over the
past several weeks.  She fell asleep listening to the soft static that was a
constant companion during all of her hours alone inside her little pen.



slut was frozen in a painful contraction as she squatted over the cock she had
chosen to take into her ass.  It was the smallest of the four, and she had
gotten overenthusiastic about taking it.  Now, with three quarters of it up her
ass, she had to wait for the contraction to pass before lowering herself down
any further.  To help speed the process she pulled and pinched her nipples and
rubbed her clit somewhat frantically.  She didn't have time to waste on
contractions when any of the three other cocks might start to go soft on her. 
The men at times seemed very tired and she was sure she was keeping them awake. 
They must have been through a lot.  She wondered what time it was, and realized
she had no idea whether it was day or night.  She had no clue how long she had
been unconscious earlier.  It might have been for an hour or a day. 

She felt herself loosening and the contraction begin to ebb, so she slowly
lowered herself down the last three inches of cock until she had taken all of
it.  It was with a great deal of satisfaction that she raised herself steadily
up until just the head remained within her distended hole, then lowered herself
down all the way to the base again.  What a nasty, nasty thing she was doing. 
She felt wonderful to be so completely stuffed and wished she could have a cock
just as large in her cunt at the same time. 

After riding up and down on the cock for five or six long strokes she wanted
more, and decided to hop over to the next largest penis and sample how it would
feel in her now relaxed ass.  She spit heavily onto both palms and lubricated
the huge cock with her saliva before guiding it's head up through her anal ring. 
She groaned softly as she lowered herself, slowly taking the larger cock up into
her bowels inch by exquisite inch.  It was stretching her to her limit, she
thought, and it was great to be able to control the tempo to maximize her
pleasure and minimize the pain. 

As she was riding this cock up and down she heard footsteps approaching from
behind.  Looking over her shoulder she could see it was the woman that had given
her instructions earlier.  Though she felt more than a bit humiliated to be ass
fucking the huge cock with the woman watching, she knew she had no choice and so
continued to impale herself on the thing until told to do otherwise. 

The woman unlocked and entered the cell area containing slut and the four
captive men.  She was carrying a bucket full of soapy water and a scrub brush,
which she placed on the floor beside the first table.  She sounded bored when
she spoke.  "It's time for you to scrub them.  Make sure they are as clean as
you can get them.  When they are done, scrub yourself."  With that, the woman
turned and ambled out through the cell door, locking it behind her.  She
disappeared again into the darkness. 

slut knew an order when she heard it, so reluctantly pulled herself off the cock
and instantly regretted having to stop.  She hated feeling empty after being
filled for so long.  It was even worse than how she felt after Miss Karen had
made her wear an anal plug for a long time then removed it.  The scrub brush was
especially stiff.  She cringed at the thought of using it on herself.  She
thought it was probably for horses or tires or something. 

She tried to be gentle to the men with the fantastic cocks.  But, that was
impossible.  Everywhere that she scrubbed them, even with the lightest pressure,
their skin was left a bright pink from the irritation.  But, they were clean, at
least so far as the areas she could get to.  She couldn't bear to use the brush
on their cocks so took advantage of the chance to stroke them with her soapy
hands.  She kept them hard that way, and reasoned that technically she had not
been told to discontinue keeping them aroused.  She toyed with their shaven
balls when she thought she could sneak a feel here and there.  It was a
pleasurable experience for her, washing those four hard bodies. 

Eventually she had to admit to herself that she had spent all the time she could
in getting them as clean as possible.  Although they remained soapy, she had no
way to rinse them and had to get around to cleaning up her own filthy body to
satisfy her instructions.  She deeply feared that she might not get another
chance to have an orgasm for quite some time.  So, she decided to give herself
one more while she still could.   She knew she would have to conceal it and to
suppress it as much as possible.  Though it had not been forbidden, it did
violate her standing instructions from Miss Karen. 

slut tried the scrub brush on her lower legs and found that it was quite stiff
and harsh on her skin.  She knew, though, that there was nothing better than a
stiff brush for getting clean, and she was filthy.   So, she continued scrubbing
her legs from the bottom up and found the brush particularly painful when she
got to the tender skin of her inner thighs.  Painful in a good way, she thought. 
As her inner thighs heated up from the abuse, she noticed her nipples stiffening
and her clit beginning to tingle.  She reached behind her and ran the brush over
her ass, feeling it heat up, then sawed it roughly back and forth between her
ass cheeks.  She spasmed in pain as it menaced her tender, stretched asshole. 
Arching her back a bit, she was able to push the brush through and bring it into
contact with her cunt.  By then her clit was peeking out from it's hood, begging
for attention.  Leaning back just a bit while spreading her legs wide, she
thrust the brush up from behind at an extreme angle and ground it ruthlessly
over her swollen, abused cunt and nearly dropped the brush when it ripped across
her hard clit. 

Throwing her head back, her entire body shuddered in a rolling, thunderous
orgasm that came so suddenly and so strongly that she was not at all prepared. 
Involuntarily she screamed out in pain and pleasure as her body shook and
trembled in the aftershocks of her unauthorized deed. 

Fear overtook her and she resumed bathing herself with a good bit more
gentleness than she had allowed herself previously.  She loved her body; her
blonde hair,  firm and shapely legs, flat belly, shaved cunt, her tan lines,
even her exceptionally long and thick nipples.  It belonged to Miss Karen, who
had for all intents and purposes created it.  slut wondered as she tried to wash
out her hair if she had somehow crossed into a new realm.  She had never hurt
herself on purpose before.  What was happening to her?

She heard the footsteps approaching again...




CHAPTER 24  Home Sweet Home

slut knew almost immediately that she had somehow been sedated again.  She
couldn't remember how, and didn't much care to as long as the cobwebs and
throbbing drumbeat of a splitting headache plagued her.  She opened her eyes
reluctantly, not sure she wanted to know where she was.  She was laying on a
hard surface, but it was warm rather than cold, and it felt like...she could see
the interior roof of the minivan and understood with some relief she was inside
the cargo area of it, just behind the two front seats.  There were boxes to her
left, fairly large ones.  Two of them.  Something was...a piece of paper was
pinned to her top...she was dressed in her cotton panties and t-shirt.  They
were clean, but wet.  She had been sweating.  It was too warm...very stuffy. 
She pulled the note off and looked at it.  It was a simple map, directing her to
I-95 northbound.  Nothing else.  It wasn't quite dark, or it wasn't quite light
outside.  She had no clue what day it was, let alone whether it was morning or
evening.  She sat up slowly enough so as not to cause her head to burst, and saw
that nothing outside the van was the slightest bit familiar.  It appeared to be
sitting at the end of a dead-end alley, surrounded by delapidated buildings. 
She felt the dull ache in her cunt and ass and was reminded of what she had been
doing with the four men.  She had no clue where that had happened, and doubted,
now that she could see how it had all ended up, that she would ever be able to
provide any worthwhile information about what little she had seen during her
brief time in Miami.  Now, she knew, she had to get back to Miss Karen's home
with the delivery she had been sent to pick up.  What could be in such crates?

After a few minutes of sorting things out and allowing herself to return to
reality, she found the keys in the ashtray, climbed into the driver's seat,
started the van, and headed toward "home".



Tawny hadn't returned to slut's old home to spend the evening, and had spent the
night in Karen's bed, with Lizbeth sleeping on the floor at the foot of the bed
and candi locked up in her little piggie hut in the garage.  Karen slept better
than she had in months, and awoke feeling a contentment that only manifested
itself when she was close to Tawny.    She pulled the blanket up over Tawny's
shoulders and slipped out of bed to have Lizbeth prepare a pot of coffee.  slut
would be home sometime this morning, she knew, along with henry and amy. Karen
pulled on her short satin robe, prodded Lizbeth awake with her foot, and padded
quietly into the kitchen.

Karen and Tawny had always shared their subs as though there was no difference
who they belonged to.  Lizbeth was a compelling young lady and Karen looked
forward to getting to know her better.  Tawny wouldn't mind. 

She was impressed by how quickly Lizbeth had awakened and jumped up to follow
her into the kitchen.  It indicated a sense of servitude that ran so deeply into
the girl's psyche that it even pervaded her sleep.  When one sleeps as though
one were a slave, one does not awaken surprised by her lot in life.  It was a
small but noteworthy detail, Karen thought. 

The red-headed beauty had slept in a cotton nightdress that was every bit as
victorian in design as Lizbeth was in her look.  Karen patiently lifted it up at
the hem and pulled it over Lizbeth's head and off, tossing it onto the back of a
chair.  The creature actually blushed!  That was refreshing, especially for a
slave so well trained and experienced as this one.  There was still a bit of
modesty left in her. 

"You are going to be my coffee girl, Lizbeth.  Every morning at six a.m. you'll
awaken and make a pot of coffee just the way I am going to show you. Do you
understand?"

"Yes M'Lady.", Lizbeth replied confidently, but in a very respectful tone. 

Karen smiled to herself.  Tawny always found the best ones.  With her kind of
money....

Karen finished her brief period of instruction and tried to think of something
fun she could do with Lizbeth while the coffee brewed.  Her perfect white skin
just begged for some color.  With a twirl of her finger Karen caused Lizbeth to
begin to rotate slowly in place so that she could get a nice look at her.  She
was exquisite, especially that waist!  "Lizbeth, have you been corsetted?"

"Oh, yes, M'Lady.  Extensively, if this humble handmaiden may so very
respectfully add."

Karen was taken aback at the manner in which the girl so adroitly expanded her
answer.  Nevertheless...

"Is it your habit to provide brief and accurate answers to questions or to go on
and on as you just did?", Karen asked casually.  The girl had a quick mind, and
Karen saw it working.

"This servant was in error M'Lady."  She bowed slightly.

Karen wondered if the fluttering eyelids were part of an act.  She reacted
poorly when she felt she was being played by a mere slave.  But, she couldn't be
sure.  She didn't know this one. 

"How extensively were you corsetted?"

"Three years, M'Lady.", Lizbeth answered carefully.

"What is your waist size?"

"Twenty inches, M'Lady."

"I must say it is very nice, Lizbeth.  Particularly on one with breasts and hips
such as yours.  Quite a pleasing contrast."

"Thank you, M'Lady."  She blushed again.

Karen knew that blushing was very difficult to fake, so at least as far as that
went, the girl was being real.  It would not hurt to bring her down a peg or two
though, Karen thought.  She took Lizbeth by the wrist and led her into the
garage, which was already quite stuffy.  It was going to be an exceptionally hot
and humid day, Karen knew.  Better take care to see that the pig was kept well
hydrated, she reminded herself.  In the meantime, though, she wanted to fit
Lizbeth with one of her favorite devices. 
She unlocked a large cabinet in which she stored many of her training implements
and removed the device from it.  She held it up for Lizbeth to see.

"Ever seen one of these?", she asked, already knowing the answer.

"No, M'Lady.", Lizbeth answered nervously.

Karen lifted it higher with her left hand, reserving her right to gesture to the
appropriate parts of the item as she described them.  "I had this made in
Copenhagen to my own specifications.  It's quite simple, really.  As you can see
the two cuffs here lock around the ankles and are joined together by the steel
rod that will keep your feet separated by about two feet.  Note the pivot points
where the rod and cuffs join?"

"Yes, M'Lady." 

"And, as you can see, the cuff rod contains a pivot in the center to which the
vertical shaft is attached."  Karen drew her fingers upward along the thin metal
rod toward the top.  She smiled broadly at Lizbeth, who blushed again in reply. 
"It's topped by these two metal phalluses mounted on the smaller rod...", she
tipped the smaller rod to show how it would rock back and forth just a bit. 
"...and, here, the angle of the phalluses can be adjusted to conform to any
desired angle.  What do you think the purpose of this device is, Lizbeth?"

Lizbeth's mind worked quickly through the options.  "It appears to be a humbling
device, M'Lady.", she answered quite seriously. 

"Correct!", Karen exclaimed in false enthusiasm.  "And you win the prize!" 

She presented the chrome plated steel phalluses, each about eight inches in
length, to Lizbeth's lips to have them lubricated with her saliva.  Clearly
worried, Lizbeth obediently took them both in her mouth in turn and sucked and
licked them as though they were real.  It was what was expected, but it did
arouse a bit of excitement in Karen.  Next she had the girl spread her legs
widely and bend at the waist.  Walking around behind her, she adjusted the
phalluses the proper distance from each other after positioning them at the
slave's cunt and asshole, then slowly but insistently pushed them up into the
bitch until they were deeply inserted.  With the longer vertical rod roughly
parallel to the floor, she gently rotated the cuff end of it downward, causing
Lizbeth's upper body to straighten up to maintain alignment with the steel
dildos that were buried in her cunt and ass.  Karen buckled the cuffs around the
girl's ankles and that was that.

"Take a stroll around, Lizbeth.  Tell me what you think.", Karen said, as though
she were a car salesman suggesting a test drive.

With her feet pivoting on each other and the vertical shaft riding on the
horizontal one that joined them, she had to shuffle her feet in circular motions
to move forward, but each time she raised a foot to shuffle, the steel cocks
were forced more deeply into her.  By moving she was made to feel exceptionally
awkward but at the same time was essentially fucking herself.  Worst of all was
the fact that she knew she would have to keep her upper body completely upright
as she could not bend over with the shiny metal cocks impaling her as they were. 
So, even with her hands completely free, she could not reach the ankle cuffs to
undo them even if she were invited to.  It was a unique device that she had
never seen before, and she had to give her owner's friend a great deal of credit
for the ingenuity it's design displayed.  Not to mention the devious nature of
the mind behind the design.  Though she would have preferred not to have been
the present victim of the diabolical thing, there was nothing she could do but
try to please.  She noted as she shuffled around in a circle that Mistress Karen
was pulling out a cane as well as what appeared to be a long, black skirt.  The
observation proved to be correct, and soon the entirety of the wicked device was
completely concealed beneath the skirt.   Gesturing with the cane, Mistress
Karen directed her to return to the kitchen.  She found it maddening how slowly
she was forced to move in order to cover even the short distance to the door
that led into the house.  She imagined herself looking like a handicapped or
injured person and wondered what purpose the cane was to serve. 

Karen took the opportunity to pull the pig out of it's hut and lead it by it's
leash through the back door of the garage and into the back yard.  She dropped
the leash in the grass, saying "go pee now."  God, it was hot!  For as early as
it was, it must have been ninety degrees already!  She enjoyed it when the
piggie's skin glistened as it did now, slick with perspiration.  There was not
an ounce of fat left on the little cunt, and Karen was satisfied that the third
application of the permanent depilatory had worked and that not a hair would
ever grow again anywhere on the pig, let alone it's chinny chin chin.  Karen was
surprised to hear herself giggling.  She hadn't known until then that her mood
was so good.  It's Tawny.  I'm always happy when she is with me, or I am with
her, and we have our slaves to toy with. 

After the pig peed she hosed it off with the garden hose and chained it to a
stake in the ground under the shade of the large magnolia tree in the rear of
the yard.  She put a bucket of water next to it in case it got thirsty.  She
patted it on it's head and returned to the house for her first cup of coffee of
the day. 

She found Lizbeth sobbing silently in the kitchen.  "What's the trouble, dear?",
Karen asked, sounding like Joan Cleaver.  She was pouring her coffee before
Lizbeth began to answer. 

"This...handmaiden...fears that,... M'Lady forgive me!  Fears that Mistress will
be angry that this handmaiden has not served M'Lady well."

Really, they were all alike.  Stupid.  Karen sipped her coffee, choosing not to
react.  The cunt was haughty after all and was disappointed that all of her
high-brow training didn't count for a thing when it came to Mistress Karen. 
She'll get used to me, Karen thought. Maybe.

She pulled a little white tank top out of her dirty clothes hamper and tossed it
to Lizbeth.  "Put this on.  You have an errand to run."

Once it was on and nicely exposing the contours of Lizbeth's ample breasts and
pretty nipples, Karen handed her the cane.  "Over in the other house there is a
large tupperware container in the freezer.  Get it and bring it back.   Oh!  I
forgot shoes!"

Karen quickly retrieved Lizbeth's heels from the floor of the bedroom and put
them on her.  She stood, sipping her coffee while watching the pretty thing
struggle to get to the entry door to begin her long journey over to slut's
former home and back.  Karen knew it would take a very long time, sweating would
make the tank top transparent before she got halfway across the yard, and for
all intents and purposes, anyone who saw her at that hour would assume she
suffered from some horrible, crippling accident or degenerative disease.  What a
shame.  As the creature finally made her way through the door and out into the
heat, Karen could see that she was still sobbing.  Not such a perfect
acquisition, after all, she thought.  She went to the sunroom to watch piggie
while she finished her coffee.

Tawny awoke, smelling the coffee and following her nose into the kitchen.  She
poured herself a cup, wondering where Lizbeth was.  She found Karen sitting
contentedly in the sunroom and couldn't help but pull open her robe and kiss her
gently on her rosy nipples.  "What's a girl have to do to get some service
around here?", she asked softly.  "I had to pour my own coffee!"

"You have to do better than that!", Karen answered. 

"Bitch", Tawny hissed.

"Cunt", Karen answered instantly.

They both laughed. 

Tawny sat next to Karen.  "You don't mind my outfit, do you?", she asked in mock
concern.

"I might if you were wearing one.  As it is, I have no complaints."

Karen leaned over to kiss Tawny.  It was a kiss that communicated love, and
Tawny was touched by it.  "My goodness Karen.  I might wonder if you'd grown a
heart by that kiss."

"Maybe I'm growing up."

"Or, maybe you're getting old and looking for a way to settle down and get out
of government work."

"Who works for the government?", Karen smiled.

"Nobody in this room, I'm sure.", Tawny answered deadpan.

Karen poured her a cup.  "I'm thinking about it."

"About what?"

"Your offer...you know..."

"Oh, plllllllease!  Don't waste my time!  I've heard that a hundred times!"

"Well, I was thinking.  Seriously.  It is kind of a good time to end my career,
after this last stint I think I will have done everything I intended to do.  A
promotion would ruin it, and they are talking about one for me."

Tawny sipped on the coffee, thinking.  "Hmmm?"

"So, maybe we could work something out."

Tawny was almost beside herself with the excitement of knowing Karen was finally
coming around, after all those years.  She would not let on how she felt,
though.  "Maybe.", she answered flatly.

They continued to talk for the next two hours, working out the details of their
future together.  They were briefly interrupted by the reappearance of Lizbeth,
who entered the sunroom after her awkward journey to the "guest house" to
retrieve the mysterious tupperware container from the freezer there.   Tawny
couldn't help but laugh at her slave's predicament.  Karen was ruthlessly
efficient at putting the servants in their place.  Lizbeth seemed absolutely
horrified.  Normally so self contained and proper, it was refreshing for Tawny
to see her stressed out.  Karen quickly showed her the device by raising
Lizbeth's skirt.  Tawny winked at Karen and exclaimed, "That's my girl!"  They
then ignored Lizbeth to continue their conversation.

By the end of the discussion they had decided that Tawny would build for Karen a
"small" guesthouse on her property in the mountains of North Carolina so that
she could establish separate living quarters and not feel closed in or dependent
in any way.  

It was all somewhat of a surprise to Karen.  She hadn't intended to contemplate
retirement and certainly didn't want to place herself in a position where she
was dependent on Tawny, or anyone else, for anything.  It might have been that
the knowledge of what would likely happen to candi if she put her on the open
market made her feel guilty.  Unlike her usual acquisitions, she couldn't blame
the poor thing for her circumstances.  The little pig was like an old car that
was worth more to keep than to sell.  It's cunt was still as tasty as ever.

Part of their collaboration involved Karen's continuing to acquire and move new
slaves for her own occupation and enrichment.  She had to admit to herself that
being able to play with slaves in an ongoing, 24/7 basis was a much more
attractive proposition than spending a few more years interrogating arabs.  It
paid better, too.  As was usually the case, logic dictated her course.  She
hadn't seen in advance that her circumstances had changed such that she would be
willing to accept the "settling down" offer that Tawny had been dangling for
some time.  Now, she was excited at the proposition of keeping her own slaves
for more than a few months at a time, and of being in the hunt for new property
whenever she chose. 

She still needed to finish out her next six month stint in Kabul because she was
convinced it would deliver Osama.  That would be the crowning achievement for
what had already been a stellar career.  To have a role in nabbing the filthy
bastard was an opportunity that couldn't be trifled with.  If he wasn't located
and captured, well, she did her best.  If he was, everything else in her career
after that would be anticlimactic.  She knew there was a lot to be done between
now and her departure at the end of the summer, and was relieved that dispensing
with candi and slut was no longer on the list.  Tawny would take them as her own
until Karen returned. 

By the time they both felt things were settled, they were quite hungry.  Karen
had Lizbeth place the tupperware container on a kitchen counter and had her cut
up some fruit.  She was then told to put the fruit on a platter and to deliver
it to them out under the magnolia tree.  Even though it was exceptionally hot, a
nice fruit breakfast served on the back of a sweating, bald pig was always a
pleasant experience, especially when it was followed by a refreshing, nude swim
in the pool. 

Lizbeth struggled to get the fruit platter to the Mistresses as quickly as
possible.  The cruel device made it impossible to do much of anything without a
great deal of patience and determination.  The pig had been placed between them,
at the farthest corner of the yard, to serve as a table.  Lizbeth couldn't bend
over quite far enough to place the platter on the creature's back and had to be
assisted by her owner, which was distressing.  She found it equally distressing
that she was actually envious of the pig's status as compared to her own. 
Lizbeth was learning that Mistress Karen was not to be trifled with.  Her
current torment was more than enough to keep her mindful of that.  The eight
inch steel phalluses that penetrated her front and back were not the least bit
pleasant.  Always one to mind her appearance, she felt like a complete wreck. 
She had sweated through the little tank top Mistress Karen had dressed her in,
and she hadn't been provided any opportunity to prepare herself for the day. 
She was positively wilting in the heat, particularly those parts of her
concealed beneath the black floor-length skirt.  Lizbeth was preoccupied with
her circumstances, discomfort, and general uncertainty.  So, she didn't hear
Mistress Karen issue her the command until it had been repeated three times. 

She had been ordered to bring a cup of pig feed from the sack in the garage. 
Though her guilt was written all over her face, she pretended she was only aware
of the one instruction and turned to hobble back toward the house at the best
pace she could muster. 

Tawny was embarrassed by Lizbeth's inattentiveness, but impressed by Karen's
ability to bring out the flaws in the bitch so quickly.  She would be an
outstanding evaluator when they could begin to work in the trade together. 
"What do you call that...device?", Tawny asked. 

"I call it a "Tara"., Karen answered flatly.  "Are you going to discipline the
cunt or do you want me to?"  Surely Tawny wouldn't let such a thing pass.

"What did you have in mind?", Tawny asked casually. 

With a wicked grin, Karen replied, "Three hours attached to a little transformer
and an intermittent timer ought to get her attention."

"Sounds good to me.", Tawny answered before yawning.  Then, "Why did you call it
"Tara"?"

"Remember that little hussie Brandi that I took about four years ago?"

Tawny nodded.

"That cunt's real name was Tara.  She was broken with that device...it was
designed with her in mind.  That one was a hard head."

"Oh."  Tawny watched Lizbeth struggle slowly across the yard for a moment, then
commented, "I wonder if we could impair her speech somehow...temporarily..."

"You mean in order to take her out in public as a..."

"Yes, as a truly fucked-up young lady.  It would shatter her pride."

"Sure.  I could swab her tongue and lips with a numbing agent.  She would
probably slobber."

"All the better.  That would be fun.  What about this one?"  Tawny patted the
pig's bald head. 

"I was thinking about that.  Seeing how nicely corsetting had altered Lizbeth's
waist, I think I would like to use the pig as a full-blown fetish experiment."

"You've already started with the feet.  Why not?"

"Yes.  Why not?"



Lizbeth was positively distraught at what might happen to her.  She nearly broke
down when she finally delivered the cup of pig feed to Mistress Karen and was
handed the empty platter that she had served the fruit on.  The thought of
traversing the yard yet again to return the platter to the kitchen was almost
unthinkable.  She was exhausted, both physically and emotionally.  To make
matters worse, Mistress Karen prompted her to hurry by telling her that she and
Mistress Tawny had been discussing tongue splitting and that they were looking
for a "volunteer".



Karen hand fed the pig feed nuggets to the pig, which nibbled eagerly at each
little handful and licked her palm to ensure not even the tiniest crumb was
wasted.  Karen enjoyed teasing it a bit by catching it's tongue by the ring
embedded in it's tip and holding it out for a period of time.  The creature had
become almost totally compliant, and only reacted involuntarily to excessive
pain.  Karen was proud of her progress in training this one.  Though, by
intention it was not able to perform real labor for it's owner (it was,
afterall, a pig), it had successfully been transformed to an animalistic state
from a human one.  It did follow commands well, but it was never tasked with
doing anything productive or anything that required thought or judgements.  It
could play it's owner's body like a finely tuned instrument, and it could lick
and suck for hours and hours.



Tawny, watching quietly, understood her dearest friend's attachment to the
creature.  It was an innocent being now that it was not so very human.  It
seemed so grateful for any attention that one could not help but feel pity for
the thing.  It was a good pet for Karen, and would be a good pet for Tawny while
she cared for it.  Who knew, maybe Tawny could improve the thing a bit and
surpise her friend with, say, a sixteen inch waist when she returned from her
last tour of intelligence duty.  That would be nice.



Slut was greatly relieved to finally be at Miss Karen's residence again.  Though
she had only left the day before, it seemed as though a month had passed.  She
was nervous at the thought of meeting Miss Karen's friend, but was sure
everything would work out okay.  It always did, really.

She assumed the boxes she had picked up in Miami were heavy.  They appeared to
be.  So, she backed the minivan into the driveway, parking it so that it could
quickly be backed into the garage once the door was lifted.  She hopped out of
the van and sprang quickly to the entry door to assume her position and wait for
Miss Karen to allow her in.  She became alarmed when she saw a strange, crippled
young woman hobbling through the house with a cane.  The woman noticed her and
appeared surprised and uncertain as to what to do.  slut felt sorry for her, as
she obviously had a great deal of difficulty getting around.  She wondered if
this was Miss Karen's friend. 

slut held her position on the outside entry patio for what seemed an eternity
while the handicapped girl struggled toward the back of the house.   Eventually
she passed out of sight, only to be gone for an even longer period of time. 
Finally slut could see Miss Karen and a very pretty woman that looked to be
about Miss Karen's age walking casually toward the door.  They were both naked,
apparently having just taken a swim.

Miss Karen didn't allow her into the house.  She cracked the door a few inches
and told slut to back the van into the garage.  slut returned to the van while
Miss Karen activated the power garage door opener.  She backed the van in.  The
door was closing even before she had shut the van off.  slut went to the rear of
the van where Miss Karen was talking with the petite lady to await further
instructions.  She wanted...some recognition that she had been gone and was now
back.   Instead she was simply ignored as though, well...as though she...she was
thinking too much again.  It was better not to think. 

Miss Karen pulled open the cargo doors at the back of the van.  Her and the lady
looked over the wooden crates for a few seconds, then turned toward slut. 

"You look as though you've been well fucked.", Miss Karen commented dryly. 

"Yes. Ma'am.", slut replied.  It was true.  She was still sore, and might be for
a week.  Miss Karen knew her so well. 

"Strip and go take care of the pig as you would have in the morning, then
prepare yourself so that I can properly present you.  The young lady you'll see
hobbling around is Lizbeth.  Do not speak to her.  Do you understand?"

"Yes, Ma'am.", slut answered respectfully, pulling off the t-shirt and panties. 
She was then sent off with a flick of Miss Karen's wrist.



"That one is a walking hard-on factory.", Tawny commented after slut had left
the garage.  "You've got to complete the package with new titties."

"You know, I had been wanting to ask about your doctor friend.  Is he
still...available?"

"Oh, sure.", Tawny answered.  "C'mon, let's get these crates opened up!"   




CHAPTER 25 Unpacking The Slaves

Karen and Tawny were both apprehensive until they had pried off the tops of both
shipping crates and removed a portion of dense, molded foam to reveal henry and
amy's talcum-coated backs.  They were both breathing and had good color.  The
balance of the unpacking process was a bit more intricate, so Tawny asked Karen
to follow her example.  Tawny would unpack henry while Karen unpacked amy. 

First there were some brackets that had to be removed from the inside.  Then,
the ends of the crates could be tapped loose with a hammer and detached,
allowing for the sides to be taken down and removed.  After the surrounding foam
had been removed, Karen could see that they had been secured in a sort of
embryonic chamber.  They had been placed into position over a sort of
custom-molded hump then boxed up and held in place through the injection of
expanding foam through small holes in the crate.  The foam insulated them,
cushioned them, kept them from moving, and snuffed out the potential of any
noise.  Each had been hooded in rubber and gagged, and a thin acrylic tube fed
through the penis gag and directly into the stomach of each slave.  The tube
attached to one of two metal cylinders that were mounted to the back of their
heads.  Out of the second cyclinder two tubes of the same size passed around
either side of their faces and into their noses.  

Tawny explained that in the testing she had done they had been able to get
enough air to breath from inside the box if they concentrated on breathing very
slowly and remaining calm.  The tubes in their noses were small enough to permit
them to take in oxygen around the tubes.  There was a pressure switch that would
be activated when they began to gasp for air if the supply began to run out, and
the small oxygen tank would keep them dosed long enough for the crisis to pass. 
The other tank contained a routine saline drip to prevent dehydration.  Each
slave's ass was plugged and catheters led to a tank mounted between their ankles
to accommodate any urine flow.  Along the length of each box on either side was
a long steel tube packed with dry ice to keep the contents cool enough to
prevent excessive perspiration. 

"What's the longest period of time that you've tried?", Karen asked.

"If it's noon yet, three days.", Tawny answered with a wry smile on her face. 
She could see that Karen was impressed.  Shipping slaves inside innocent looking
crates was something she obviously hadn't considered before now. 

Tawny cut the nylon straps that held henry and amy in place, then carefully
pulled the tubes out of them.  She had to climb into the van to roll their
rubber hoods up over their heads and off, and unsnapped the nylon straps that
held the penis gags in place.  She pulled out their earplugs and told them they
had ten minutes to work their kinks out and to find her and Mistress Karen
through the gray door at the rear of the garage.  Neither was able to speak in
reply, let alone move enough to nod their heads. 

Tawny took Karen by the hand and nodded toward the backyard. "Let's get Lizbeth
started and swim a bit more before lunch?", she suggested. 

"Hmmm.  Torture, exercise, and food.  Twist my arm!"  Karen laughed.  She
retrieved the transformer from her cabinet as well as a simple penis gag and a
pair of cuffs. She followed her friend and lover's sexy little body back out
into the cauldron of Florida heat that awaited them.  She looked forward to
toying with henry's big cock later, but there was a lot of fun to be had between
now and then.



Lizbeth was standing (not that she had any choice) under the magnolia, watching
slut begin to clean and prep the pig against the wall on the side of the back
yard.  She knew the sexy girl in the gray tank top and little shorts must be
Mistress Karen's slave and that she would have returned with henry and amy. 
Lizbeth found her very attractive, though she seemed oddly intent on ignoring
Lizbeth. 

A sense of dread came over her when she saw the Mistresses come out of the
garage.  Mistress Karen was carrying a few items in her hands, none of which
appeared to be likely to relieve her discomfort.  Her Mistress turned off to
watch the tanned blond girl work on the pig while Mistress Karen continued
straight on toward Lizbeth.

"You do know you've been insolent as well as inattentive, correct?"

Lizbeth nodded, gulping.  "Yes, M'Lady."

"I find that inexcuseable.  Do you find it inexcuseable?"

"Yes, M'Lady."  A tear rolled down over her cheek.  She smiled faintly,
reminding herself that this was her fate and that it did no good to do anything
more than allow the things to happen to her that might. 

"You will need to be punished in a manner that ensures that you never repeat
such gross violations, won't you?"

"Yes, M'Lady."  She began to sob quietly.  She couldn't help herself.  She could
see a cruelty in the icy cold blue eyes unlike any she had witnessed in her
short life. Mistress Karen very roughly pulled off the tank top and the skirt,
leaving her completely naked but for her heels and the infernal contraption that
was impaling her.

"I'm glad that you agree, because you will be providing good entertainment for
the next few hours, as well as serving as a deterrent to bad behavior for my own
girls.  Now, put your hands behind your back so that I can cuff you."

Lizbeth was quickly cuffed and gagged, the strap holding the penis gag in place
biting deeply into her cheeks and the back of her neck.  Mistress Karen steadied
her as she led her out into the hot sun in the middle of the yard, facing the
sunroom.  She placed a small metal box just in front of the rod that held
Lizbeth's ankles apart.  There were two thin wires leading out of the front of
it with clips at the end, and an electrical cord and plug leading out the other
end.  Mistress Karen turned toward the sexy girl that was cleaning the pig and
told her to retrieve an extension cord, then to go put on her bikini. 

Lizbeth noted the fear in the girl's eyes and how quickly she reacted.  There
apparently was no need for decorum here.  It was all very unfamiliar to Lizbeth. 
Mistress Tawny prefered as much polish and refinement as was reasonable in most
circumstances.  Here they flopped and flounced to carry out orders as though it
were some sort of military encampment. 

She could see out of the corner of her eye that her Mistress was toying with the
pig.  This distrubed her to some degree as her Mistress was beyond having any
interest in such creatures, or at least so she had thought.  The tanned one with
the blonde hair and long nipples produced the extension cord, which Mistress
Karen had her plug into the device on the lawn in front of her as well as into
an outlet in the back of the house.  She then dashed back into the house only to
reappear almost instantly in a little black bikini with thong bottoms. 

Lizbeth watched the sexy slave move across the yard, grateful for the
distraction it provided.  She felt as though the sun were baking her alive, so
fair was her skin.  She would surely burn in minutes, she thought.  Of course
Mistress Tawny would not have it.  She would not allow Lizbeth to be tainted by
the sun.  Lizbeth had often heard her admire her perfectly white, smooth skin. 
Everyone was proud of Lizbeth's skin.  Bright sunlight was not for her.  It was
not the place for her to be.  It was for the girl in the black thong bikini. 
She was a sun slave. 

Mistress Karen was walking away now, over toward Mistress Tawny, the pig, and
the tanned blonde.  Lizbeth was somewhat relieved.  At least whatever was going
to happen to her was not going to happen that very minute.  She was looking at
the garage door when it opened and henry and amy stepped through it.  Oh!  How
she had missed them!



It had taken henry and amy several long minutes just to be able to begin to push
themselves out of what remained of their shipping crates.  It was only with a
great deal of determination and pain that they managed it.  Both had served
Mistress Karen before and knew the importance of being extra diligent and sharp
in her presence.  If they dawdled she would come looking for them.  They had
taken a few seconds to stretch out and limber their distended muscles and
tendons up a bit before venturing out into the oppressive heat.  The intensity
of the sun almost blinded them as the stepped throug the door. 

"henry.  amy.  Come here."  It was Mistress Karen. 

The two slaves moved quickly to her and placed themselves in the "present"
position; hands at the back of their necks and elbows held out parallel and in
line with the body, feet spread about thirty inches. 



slut was in the middle of draining an enema bag into the pig's ass when she
noticed the naked guy and girl come through the door.  She wondered where they
had come from.  Slut thought they had probably been in another part of the house
when she had come home, and that she simply hadn't seen them.  He was tall and
very handsome.  He had a swimmer's body and the best set of abs she had ever
seen.  Best of all, though, was the long, fat cock that was swinging back and
forth between his legs and the egg sized balls that bounced inside his pendulous
sack as he hurried to present himself to Miss Karen.  A heavy metal ring
surrounded his cock and balls.  Slut had never seen such a thing, but liked it.
The girl looked to be about slut's age.  She was petite but very athletic in
appearance.  Both were hairless from their heads down, and both were blondes out
of the same bottle, she was sure.  Slut was careful not to be caught looking,
but she had seen enough for the now unavoidable physiological reaction in her
body to kick in.  Her nipples hardened first, followed by the warm glow and
accompanying wetness in her cunt.  It seemed like she could taste cum at the
back of her throat suddenly, and she thought about sucking that long, smooth
cock and swallowing everything those balls could give her. 

She heard Miss Karen ask them a few questions about their condition, then told
them to go swim a few laps in the pool.  This gave slut a chance to check out
his ass, which was firm and high just as she liked them.  She licked the sweat
off her upper lip and continued to prep what had once been her little sister. 
She hadn't seen any sign of Megan in so long that she was sure she was
completely gone.  Miss Karen called her candi now when she was mounted upright
and pig when she was on all fours.  Whether it was candi or pig, it's eyes were
dull and it understood and followed simple commands.

Slut was highly intimidated by the woman that was watching her clean the pig. 
She knew this had to be Miss Karen's friend, but nothing had been said one way
or the other about anything.  She was simply being observed.  Slut had no idea
what she looked like because she felt she shouldn't look.  By the shape and size
of her she was pretty and fairly small.  Her complexion was dark.  She seemded
asian or something.

Now she could hear Miss Karen and the other woman talking.  The other woman
said, "This heat is killing me.  I could melt, you know."

"The only way you'd melt is if I threw a bucket of water on you, you witch.",
Miss Karen answered.

The woman said something slut couldn't hear then strode off quickly toward the
sunroom, which was air conditioned. 

"slut!"

slut dropped everything and turned toward her owner, quickly moving into the
present position.  "Yes, Miss Karen?"

"I am told the business card of a police officer was found in the van.  Is there
something you need to tell me?"

slut realized how stupid she had been.  She should have tossed the card out of
the window on the interstate.  What had she been thinking?  "Yes, Miss Karen."

"You may begin."

Slut began to tell the story of the wretched man in the store and how the female
officer had...used her in the store's restroom.  She was very afraid, and her
voice faltered throughout.  She tried to make it appear as though it had been a
bad experience, as though she had been raped. 

Miss Karen's only comment was an observation; "So, now you're getting molested
by lesbian cops and licking cunt on filthy restroom floors."

Slut didn't know how to reply, so she remained silent. 

Miss Karen seemed satisfied with the story, though, and simply ordered her to
get back to work on the pig.  She then walked over to the girl that slut had
been told not to speak to.  The poor thing seemed to be mounted on some sort of
torture device that slut would rather not know anything about.  Miss Karen bent
down and turned a switch on the little box that slut had connected to the
extension cord.  She then padded over to the pool, dropped her robe and jumped
in.



After a quick dip in the pool Karen ordered henry and amy into the house,
retrieved her little robe, and followed close behind them.  She called out to
slut to hurry and finish up with the pig, then to bring it to the sunroom. 

Tawny was still naked, relaxing in one of the tropical-print rattan chairs. 
"Girl?  You gonna stay nekkid all day lawng?", Karen exclaimed, mimicking a
black woman.

"Evrah buddy heah be nekkid cept dat blonde ho out deah.", Tawny played along. 
They both laughed. 

Karen had henry and amy kneel, facing out toward Lizbeth.  She sat in the
matching rattan chair beside Tawny.  "Lunch?"

"Anytime.", Tawny answered.

"I'll have slut make us a nice salad.  She'll be in in a minute or two."

"What about henry and amy.  Got anything for them?", Tawny asked.

"We'll manage." Karen replied.  She reached across and slipped her right hand
between Tawny's legs.  She loved Tawny's pussy, thinking it was the smoothest,
prettiest pussy she had ever seen.  Pressing her middle finger down into the
cleft between her friends' delicate lips, she casually began to slide it up and
down.  Tawny was always wet, so Karen was not surprised at the ease with which
her finger was able to bring forth more of her sweet juices. 

Tawny moaned softly, easing her legs open just a bit more.  "When does the show
begin?", she asked languidly. 

"Anytime now.  Keep an eye on her.", Karen answered.  The variable timer on the
device usually took a few minutes before the first surge of electricity was
released. 

Just then Lizbeth's entire torso semed to heave as though all of the wind had
been sucked out of it.  Every fiber in her body went completely rigid for
several long seconds, tears shot out of her eyes and poured down over her cheeks
as her face contorted into an expression that communicated nothing more than
abject horror. 

Henry and amy seemed almost as shocked as Lizbeth had been.  Karen watched them
briefly.  Seeing how tense they were, she said to Tawny, "You don't discipline
your cunts or your cock here nearly enough.  Look at them, they're terrified!" 

"They haven't seen anyone abused with such a cruel device before.  We are a bit
more traditional, that's all.  But, I must say, I'm seeing merit in your little
toy."



Lizbeth was panting and perspiring, trying to recover from the jolt of
electricity that had just surged up through her cunt and ass via the metal
phalluses that impaled her.  Her cunt ached as though it were bruised.  The
electricity had caused it to clamp down so tightly onto the steel dildo that she
was sure she had injured it.  How cruel!  She blinked through her tears to
reopen her eyes and see the audience in the sunroom looking out at her from
their cool and comfortable confines.  She would never allow herself to make
another mistake around Mistress Karen.  That she knew already.  She was sure she
could not endure much of this evil treatment.  Surely she would wilt from the
heat and another jolt like the last would only provide the knockout blow. 



Slut had heard the pig scream into a penis gag before, so knew the poor redhead
over in the grass was suffering terribly.  She wondered what she had done that
was so bad.  Whatever it was, she certainly wanted to avoid it.  She ended pig's
cleaning session by brushing it's teeth with baking soda.  Then, she reattached
the ballet shoes the creature was required to wear at al times now and led it by
the nose across the yard and into the sunroom. 

Rather than being told to return to the yard to prepare herself for the day as
she might have that morning, she was ordered to make two salads and bring them
to the sunroom.  She noticed the large tupperware container on the kitchen
counter.  Miss Karen had been having her deposit the dozens of used condoms she
had been collecting over the summer into it.  Normally it was kept in the
freezer in what had been her old home.  What was it doing here?  The thought of
all of that cum...the little thong bikini bottoms were more than enough to get
her motor running, now this!  The lid was no longer bowed on it, so it must have
been out for some time...melting.  She glanced down the hallway toward the
sunroom.  Seeing that it was safe, she quickly pried open the lid to verify
that...and she swooned when the pungent scent of the product of hundreds of
ejaculations filled her nose.  Almost beside herself, slut refastened the lid
and tried to gain some composure.  Her nipples were as hard as rocks and she
could plainly see herself oozing through the little black thongs.  She heard
Miss Karen and, she supposed, the other woman, her friend, laughing in the
sunroom.  slut assumed that the poor girl in the yard had been zapped again.  It
snapped her out of her reverie for the cum and the possibilities it presented
and got her mind back on making the two best salads she was capable of. 

slut concentrated on walking the short distance to the sunroom just the way Miss
Karen had taught her.  Now was not the time to forget the small lessons.  For
all she knew they were looking for someone else to put on that wicked thing. 
She saw when she entered the room that the pig had been placed in front of Miss
Karen's friend, so was not surprised when Miss Karen motioned for her to put the
salads there.  "Ice water and scotch, neat.", Miss Karen had said without
looking up.  When slut turned to head for the bar she could see that the poor
girl in the yard had gone rigid again, and wondered what kind of damage could
result from that sort of punishment.  It made her shudder to even imagine it.

It was early for Miss Karen to begin drinking.  Sometimes when she drank early
she became quite cruel.  It was best when she took her first drink sometime
after seven p.m., so that she would become tired and go to bed before drinking
too much.  slut thought that she had probably just formed an inappropriate
judgement.  She was not to have opinions.  Especially, she was sure, negative
ones of her owner. 

Soon enough the tall glasses of ice water and tumblers containing Miss Karen's
Glenfiddich were ready.  slut carried them in on a tray and presented them, as
she had been trained.  She could see that the salads hadn't been touched.  It
was then that she noticed that Miss Karen had her right hand between the other
woman's legs and seemed to be giving her a great deal of pleasure.  Everyone in
the room was captivated by watching the torments of the redhead, except for slut
and pig. 

Slut was told to put the tray down and retrieve what Miss Karen described as her
"humping bar" from the large cabinet in the garage.  This, too, was something
slut hadn't seen before.  It was nothing more than a three foot square piece of
plywood covered with cheap, worn carpeting and containing two leather straps on
the outside edges, and a heavy dowel, or closet rod mounted on two wooden posts
that were screwed to the ends of the plywood base.  It was a bit heavy but she
managed to get it into the sunroom without difficulty.  Miss Karen pointed to
where she wanted it placed, then told her to retrieve the role of duct tape from
her toolbox and to bring the small white plastic container in the bottom right
of the cabinet.  She added while slut was leaving to bring back a pair of cuffs
and the pig's medication kit. 

slut was more than a bit apprehensive.  Too many things were happening for her
to process, so she coped by simply telling herself she was just doing what she
was told as she was expected to do.  There was no need to think, only to do. 

When she returned with the items, she was told where to put them, then ordered
to bring a variety of fruit to the sunroom.  This she did promptly.  She was
told to give one apple to "henry" and "amy", who were kneeling by the glass, and
to place one in the pig's mouth with instructions not to eat it.  The balance of
the fruit was left on a side table, and slut was ordered out to her spot on the
pool deck to begin tanning.  It was a great relief for her.  She retrieved her
tanning oil and timer and quickly put herself into the first required position
before carefully adjusting the bikini to ensure that her tan lines remained
distinct. 

As she lay there she could hear the muffled cries, grunts, and groans of the
poor girl that was providing Miss Karen's lunchtime entertainment.  slut could
hear all of the wind rush out of her lungs at time and long, uncomfortable
periods of silence before she would begin wetly gasping for air through her
nose.  slut could not look at her without being noticed, so she remained
absolutely still as she was required to while tanning.  It was more difficult to
daydream this time, what with all that was happening.  Her mind wandered back to
the container full of her boy's jism and the wonderfully familiar smell that had
sparked her already high and constant sexual enthusiasm. 

slut thought about the lesbian police officer, and how unbelievably nasty she
felt there, licking her hairy cunt on that sticky restroom floor.  She recalled
how she told Miss Karen about it, and, though she hadn't noticed it at the time,
Miss Karen's very subtle expression.  It was one of approval rather than disgust
or contempt.  Maybe.  Miss Karen was nearly impossible to read when she didn't
want to be read.  It was difficult to get a good sense of people's feelings when
you could not look at them directly, but slut had developed the skill of seeing
Miss Karen's face  peripherally and being able to react appropriately, she
thought.

Miss Karen had told her that candi's cunt was the best tasting in the world.  If
that was true, the lesbian cop's cunt must have been the strongest.  Slut had
smelled it the entire balance of the trip to Miami as well as all of the time up
until she could wash it off after bathing the captured men she had been made to
tease for so long. 

She thought about "henry" and how delicious he looked.  A day ago she might have
been so preoccupied with his cock as to be dysfunctional.  As it was, the
thought of being fucked or of sucking henry was highly attractive.  She was
still sore from her trip South and so her lust for the cock was not as strong at
just that moment.  A brief, almost instantaneous flash of her husband's face
appeard in her imagination and she intentionally snuffed it out by recalling the
night she had proudly sucked sixty four cocks and delivered to Miss Karen a
record payoff of sixty four used condoms and nearly two thousand dollars in
cash.  Why was Miss Karen thawing the cum?



Karen knew that Tawny felt badly about what was happening to Lizbeth.  While
Karen didn't share the feeling in the least, she did care for her friend and so
had been stroking her pussy to get her to relax a bit.  It was no problem that
she hadn't cum before slut had brought the salads.  Karen wouldn't stop until
her friend told her to or until she came.  Judging by Tawny's ever increasing
reactions to each fresh jolt Lizbeth received, Karen knew she was warming up to
her brand of entertainment, and that it wouldn't be long. Tawny was pinching her
own nipples by then and had put her legs up over the arms of the rattan chair to
give Karen open access to her sweet, delicate charms.  Karen had taken to
slapping her there and was more than a little turned on herself by the sight of
Lizbeth and the sounds and smells of Tawny.  It was the kind of time she had in
mind when she and Tawny planned the visit.  Just us girls, and henry, Karen
thought. 

Lizbeth was taken by a particularly long and powerful jolt that seemed to cause
her already wasp-like waist to contract down to nothing.  Her lips, nipples, and
cunt nicely colored by then and her large, firm breasts quivered nicely as the
shock pulsed through her.  Tawny gasped out loud in reaction and Karen decided
it was time to bring the sweet thing off.  When she leaned over to whisper in
Tawny's ear she dragged the long nail of her middle finger up and roughly over
her tough little nub of a clit.  "Cum for me sweet lover.", Karen cooed. 
Tawny's eyes rolled straight back as her entire body arched up into a
relentlessly long and intense orgasm.

"Oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhfffffffffffffuccckkkkkkk!", she screamed.

Karen watched henry and amy react to the familiar sound of their owner going
over the edge.  They hadn't actually moved or allowed a single muscle to twitch,
but she could sense their reactions nevertheless.  "Quite a sight.  Eh, henry?",
Karen asked, referring to Lizbeth's plight.

"Yes, M'lady.", henry replied alertly.

"Do you know, henry, that my little pig here is a virgin?"

"No, M'lady."

"It's true..."  Karen removed her fingers from Tawny's satisfied pussy and
presented them to the pig for cleaning.  She enjoyed watching the little pierced
tongue dart out to do it's duty.  The pig had a quick tongue, and it tickled her
hand.  "...the little creature is awfully tight and had been 100% lesbian before
I found her.  Guess who I am saving it for, henry?"  She could see that he had
perked up a bit.  He must be exhausted from spending three days balled up inside
a shipping box, poor thing. 

"This servant has been prohibited from guessing, M'lady."

Tawny broke out of her post-orgasm reverie to interject.  "Oh, how thoughtful of
you!"

Karen smiled broadly at her friend.  "What are you referring to, rewarding henry
with a tight virgin or giving you the chance to watch it's hymen be ripped
open?"

"Both, of course.", Tawny answered.  When does that happen?

"Later.  We have salads to eat."

As they enjoyed the fresh garden salads that slut had prepared for them, Karen
directed amy to prepare the humping bar for the pig.  All she needed to do was
to remove the brown rabbit fur from the small plastic container and duct tape it
around the center portion of the dowel rod.  When Tawny noticed the heavy female
scent of the fur, Karen explained that hundreds of female slaves had humped it
over the years in a harem in Riyad.  It had absorbed all of their cunt juices to
produce it's own, "vintage" scent.  While most of the hair remained on it, it
was quite crusty and matted.  Karen knew, though, that once a wet cunt began
humping it it would soften quite a bit. 

She knew the odor would be a challenge for henry, so she ordered him to turn
around.  Sure enough, his beautiful cock had sprouted almost instantaneously to
it's full length. 

"Damn you!", Tawny exclaimed jokingly.  Karen could cause any slave to betray
his or her training.  henry had been so thoroughly trained as to be unable to
attain an erection independent of specific commands from Tawny or those she
chose to share them with.  There he was, helplessly hard and obviously quite
regretful that it was so.  "It's okay henry.  Mistress Karen enjoys tormenting
us all so much I sometimes wonder if she isn't a sadistic bitch."

"We already know that!" Karen laughed.  "The question is whether you are a dumb
cunt!"

After they finished laughing Karen opened the pig's medication kit and quickly
mixed a fairly substantial cocktail of drugs that would have the animal in a
wanton frenzy of unsatisfiable lust within an hour or so.  After filling the
syringe she plunged it unceremoniously into the pig's bare ass and injected the
contents. 

Tawny was impressed that the little pig hadn't even seemed to notice.  "Whoa. 
Hard core pig or what?", she asked rhetorically.

Putting the items back in the kit, Karen answered cheerfully, "A shot a day
keeps the pricks away!"

"What are you putting into it?", her friend asked, seriously.

"Ancient Chinese secret!", Karen answered faceciously.  She trusted her friend
totally, but certain...privileges that her job afforded her need not be
discussed with anyone.

The finished their salads in only a few minutes and directed amy to clear the
sunroom of the salad bowls and the apple cores she and henry had left.  She was
ordered by Karen to bring the tupperward container in the kitchen to the sunroom
along with three clean bowls.  After that was done, she was sent for a pair of
scissors.

 "Drink up!" Karen announced, holding her tumbler out to clink against Tawny's. 

They toasted to their newly planned future, and kissed tenderly before beginning
to enjoy the scotch. 




CHAPTER 26  Summer Pastimes

slut had gotten so accustomed to the moans and groans of the suffering girl that
she barely heard her anymore.  When the timer went off, indicating that her
tanning session was complete, she jumped up and walked sexily across the pool
deck and over the path to the sunroom door.  She placed herself into position to
await Miss Karen's next order.  She could see through the glass that the two
other...slaves, or whatever, were working on something on the coffee table, and
she could see pig...

Miss Karen slid the door open just a bit and told slut that she would be
rewarded for a nice, sexy dance.  Then the door closed quickly and slut knew
there was no choice but to dance.  The alternative might be to suffer whatever
the girl was suffering for the next several hours.  slut had been shown how to
dance the way Miss Karen wanted it done by a series of videos that were
originally filmed to train horny housewives and novice dancers to strip
professionally.  slut had spent hours, with music and without, inside and out,
clothed and unclothed, and even, once, in a pancake house parking lot, for Miss
Karen.  This would not be so difficult, even though the circumstances
were...strange, and...she didn't know these...people, or...

Her hips were already moving side to side as she began to hear an imaginary deep
base beat, drubbing across her brain in an endless, mindless rave-like
techno-tune.  She moved her hands up over her thighs and up her sides to cup her
breasts as though she were offering them to someone behind the glass.  Sweat
poured from her body, running out through her tight thong bikini bottoms and
down over her legs in seemingly endless rivulets.  It turned her on even more,
this heat...baking her cunt...her nipples were so hot....she licked her lips,
closing her eyes...she began to spin...and twist, and shake, and tease, and
torment, and gyrate. 




"My God!", Tawny exclaimed.  "She's making me wet again already!"

"Yes.  It's a shame she's such a cockhound.", Karen replied, watching henry,
amy, and pig work on emptying the hundreds of condoms into the bowls.  They had
a small assembly line going.  Henry would hold up each condom and cut it with
the scissors just under where each was knotted at the top.  He would then grasp
it at the bottom and turn it upside down, dumping the contents into his bowl. 
He would then hand each one to amy, who would turn it inside out by forcing her
finger through it from the dry side and wipe off any excess on the rim of her
bowl.  She would then insert the wet side of the condom into the pig's mouth,
who would suck it clean and spit the contents into her bowl.  In this way, Karen
could be sure that none of the precious sperm that slut had so dutifully
collected over the summer was wasted. 

The pig could not conceal it's distaste for the project.  In all it's life it
had never tasted male juice, and so had never developed an appreciation of it. 
Karen knew the pig would have preferred to hold the apple in it's mouth and have
it's back be used as a table, but it could provide good service by sucking and
spitting, sucking and spitting, sucking and spitting all the day long.  Karen
reached over and patted the pig on it's bald head.  "You'll need to quicken the
pace, henry.", Karen said sternly.  "I'm afraid the pig's motor will be running
before you finish."

"Yes, M'lady.", henry replied quickly.  He dutifully increased his pace.




Tawny had been oblivious to the brief exchange.  She felt like a child peering
into a candy store window.  Between Lizbeth's heaving breasts and slut's dancing
she had to concentrate on avoiding her tendency to seek instant gratification. 
Everyone was busy.

"Have you given your slut an adequate chance to acquire a taste for the...finer
things?", Tawny asked.

"I was fairly sure you would like to be the one to formally introduce her.  I
have been training her on the pig...about an hour a day.   She loves cock,
though, as you can see."

"Yes, I'm very impressed with her...productivity.  But being a cockhound does
not necessarily mean she..."

"Oh, no.  I am sure she will be eager to please no matter what is asked."

"You know, you've got to have silicone put in those nipples...to keep them hard
like she's gotten them now."

"Yes.  And, like you said...bigger tits. Forty double - D?"

"Oh, that would be purrrrfect!", Tawny drawled breathlessly.

"She doesn't know it yet, but she's been sucking a lot of cocks to pay for it
all."

Tawny laughed out loud.  "You are so wicked.  That's why I love you."

"I know."

"What about the pig?"

"Oh, I haven't told you?  My little pig is an accomplished pussy lover.  It's
little tongue is quick and precise."

"Mmmmm.  How long have you denied it?"

Karen grinned widely.  "Going on four weeks now."

"Hmmm.  Do you think we'll ever get dressed today?"

"Oh, sure.  We're going out to dinner this evening.  Today is just for fun, and
to give you a chance to relax a bit."

Tawny reached over and took Karen's hand.  Quietly they continued to watch their
slaves suffer, dance, and work for their pleasure over the next thirty minutes. 



By the time they had finished processing the condoms, henry had filled up three
bowls, amy one, and the pig, one.  Mistress Karen had him deposit the now empty
condoms into the trash can and bring a tall drinking glass to the sunroom along
with a large lemonade pitcher.  Under Mistress Karen's direction, he poured the
contents of the pig's bowl into the glass and poured the thicker, milky jism of
the other four bowls into the pitcher.  He and amy were told to present their
fingers to the pig, which cleaned them quickly with it's tongue. 

henry was then directed to call the slut into the sunroom.



slut was almost completely exhausted before being called into the sunroom.  She
had been concerned that she might pass out, but had done her best to keep
dancing as seductively as she knew how in ninety degree heat.  She had lost so
much fluid through perspiration that she was light headed and very, very
thirsty.  She was so grateful to be allowed to come into the cool air and be out
of the sun.  The room smelled of an odd mixture of male cum and pussy.  She
assumed her position on the closest open floor space, carefully avoiding looking
around to try to trace the odors back to their sources. 

Miss Karen spoke first. 

"slut, you may look over here."

slut looked up and across the room at where Miss Karen sat.  The woman who was
holding her hand was every bit as beautiful as slut had thought she was, and she
was smiling, which was good.  Miss Karen gestured toward the woman with her free
hand.

"This is Miss Tawny.  You will obey her orders as you would mine."

Miss Karen then gestured toward the sexy guy.  "This is henry.  He belongs to
Miss Tawny, and is her senior slave.  You will obey his orders as you would
mine.  And, this is amy, junior only to henry.  You will obey her orders as you
would mine.  Outside is Lizbeth.  For the time being you are equals.  Our pig
here is everyone's pet.  Do you understand, slut?"

slut was more than a bit taken aback.  She had somehow thought she and the pig
were in a...unique situation.  But here were these other...slaves?  It seemed
so...routine, the way Miss Karen introduced them.  slut gulped.  "Yes, Miss
Karen."  Her voice was dry.

"Tawny was very impressed with your dancing.  henry has a nice drink for you as
a reward for performing satisfactorily."  With that, Miss Karen nodded at the
guy, who handed her a tall glass filled with...what?  Cum?!

slut hesitated for just the barest moment before raising the glass to her lips
and beginning to drink it's contents.  It was cool but not cold, and thick, and
tasted of men, but not so strongly as it should.  She loved cum and didn't much
care what the glass contained other than at least some of the thick man juice
that she seemed to constantly crave.  She drank it down to the bottom, allowing
some gobs of thicker material that stuck to the bottom of the glass to drop out
into her mouth. 

"Very nice, slut.  Now,you are needed to demonstrate for the pig how to use the
humping bar.  henry, you get it adjusted and fasten her in. Remove your bikini,
slut."

slut pushed the little thongs down over her knees and stepped out of them
quickly, then dropped her top to the floor.  Both were soaking wet, and the top
hit the tile floor with a "splat".

henry answered respectfully and moved quickly to help slut kneel down onto the
carpet covered base, straddling the dowel.  He fastened the straps around her
ankles and just behind her knees, and raised the dowel up just a bit until it
came into contact with her cunt.  Miss Karen directed him to where he could find
a pair of handcuffs, and had him cuff slut's wrists together behind her back,
with the short chain connecting them passing beneath the dowel.  This caused her
back to arch nicely.  He then, at Miss Karen's direction, turned the pig toward
the slut so that it could watch and learn. 

slut felt the hard, prickly hair of the rabbit skin between her legs and
considered that this was likely to be some sort of terrible game.  She was
deathly afraid of anything that might be worse, though, like the plight of the
girl in the yard, who was fading fast by then.   She avoided looking around at
all, simply focusing on the floor immediately in front of her.  It was all a
test of some kind.  A test that she hoped to pass.

"Now, slut, the object of this game is for the bitch mounted on the humping bar
to slide her cunt back and forth over the bunny skin without stopping, for an
indefinite period of time.  You obviously are going to cum and that's okay.  If
you stop for even a second you will pay dearly.  Do you understand?"

Oh, God!, slut thought.  "Yes, Miss Karen.", she answered breathlessly. 

"Begin."



Tawny took another sip of her scotch.  What a naughty display the slut was
putting on!  She was certainly one of the more enticing creatures Tawny had
seen.  Her natural sexuality seemed to flow out of her pores as freely as her
sweat had when she danced in the hot sun.  Tawny looked forward to trying her,
but for the moment was content to sip her scotch and watch.  Lizbeth was looking
more and more like a mannequin on a stick out there.  While Tawny was a bit
concerned about her, she was confident Karen knew when the appropriate time to
end the lesson would arrive. 



Slut pushed her hips forward, wincing as the dry, matted rabbit fur scraped and
pricked at her sopping cunt.  She found she could move her hips only about four
or five inches forward and back at a time, secured as she was.  She bit her
lower lip to work through the discomfort of forcing her sex over the rough skin,
and found that she could slow down her forward movement and arch her back a bit
more to bring her clit into contact with it.  With the first contact it almost
seemed that the experienced turned from an unpleasant one to something that
showed a bit of promise.  Slut concentrated on minimizing hard contact with the
skin except for the slower forward rotation of her hips, and soon found that her
own juices were softening the fur with every passing minute.  It also seemed to
release the pungent odor of cunts that permeated the room even more than when
she first entered it.  Closing her eyes, she imagined herself between Miss
Karen's legs, finally tasting her, serving her...worshiping her pretty pussy. 
Maybe...henry...could be fucking her in her ass at the same time....maybe...

Slut's breathing became more labored and she started to perspire with the heavy
exertion of being bent as she was and of pumping her hips back and forth over
the rod.  She also felt the stirrings of an orgasm rising quickly.  This was
wicked, what she was doing...it
was...nasty....so..."mmmmmmmmmmmmsssssssssssssssssooohhhhhhhhh!"



Karen watched knowingly.  The slut was losing her rhythym while working through
the first orgasm and would find it difficult to continue at the same pace with
each successive one.  She would cum again and again and again, until at some
point she would begin to suffer what would seem to her to be a combination of
one continuous orgasm mixed with unrelenting discomfort, then outright pain.  By
then Karen would have added a few toys into the mix and the slut would truly be
suffering. 

The humping bar had been used in an arab harem by a sheik who mounted his girls
on it as a punishment for misconduct.  Karen thought it an ingeneously simple
little device and had used it on several girls over the years.  There were
secondary uses for the little rabbit fur that she had thought up, and was
looking forward to demonstrating them later. In the meantime, she drank up her
scotch and had henry go for the bottle.

When he returned she took the bottle and sent him out to unplug the transformer
that had so successfully broken down Lizbeth.  She was clearly spent.  Not an
ounce of attitude was left in her, and it was a lesson she would not soon
forget.  Karen refilled Tawny's tumbler and rose to go out to visit with
Lizbeth.  "Be sure she doesn't stop, okay sweetie?", Karen said to Tawny.  Tawny
nodded slowly.  She was entranced by slut's performance and didn't want to miss
a single nuance. 

The heat felt like the blast of a furnace when Karen first stepped out into it
again.  She told henry to lay Lizbeth on her back, then to go back to the
sunroom.  She needed a few private minutes with the haughty British cunt, to
clarify a few things. 

Karen waited until henry had gone away, then straddled Lizbeth's head, placing
her feet close up against Lizbeth's ears.  The girl's red hair had long since
become a wet and tangled mess, and her face remained contorted from exhaustion,
fear, and the memory of the terrible ordeal she had somehow managed to survive,
so far.  Karen was sure the cunt had never been driven so low.  Her ivory skin
had taken on a distinctly pink tone that would probably redden into a serious
burn over the next couple of hours.  Karen thought she probably wouldn't be much
good for anything for at least two days. 

"Lizbeth has two choices,", Karen announced, to no one but herself and Lizbeth. 
"She can nod her dumb little head now if she is sure she will never displease me
again, or she can shake her head to tell me she would prefer to continue to
provide entertainment in unique and interesting ways."  Karen didn't bother to
look down.  The head was nodding between her ankles. 

"Lizbeth has two more choices.  Lizbeth can nod her empty head now to indicate
that she vows her complete and total loyalty and obedience to me above all
others, or she can shake her head and be whipped on that nice sunburn for the
next hour."  Again, Karen felt the head nodding between her feet. 

"Lizbeth has two final choices, for now.  Lizbeth can nod her head to show that
she vows not to repeat the nature of this little conversation to a living soul,
or she can shake her head and look forward to some sort of permanent maiming." 
As expected, the head nodded. 

Satisfied, Karen strolled back to the sunroom. 

As she returned to her chair she noticed that the pig's hips were rotating in
perfect time with big sister's humping of the rabbit skin.  Slut was whimpering
and moaning in orgasmic glee.  Whore that she was, being allowed to pursue
endless orgasms while being watched was certainly a dream come true.  Glancing
out at Lizbeth, laying exhausted on the lawn, Karen thought, "nightmare". 
Dream, nightmare.  Dream, nightmare.  She smiled to herself. 

After sipping a bit more scotch, she leaned forward to take a look at pig's
cunt.  Sure enough, it had swelled with excitement and was oozing it's sweet
juices out of the little, pink slit and down over it's thighs.  The cocktail of
drugs she had injected were taking hold.  The pig would be insatiable in only a
few minutes. 

Karen told henry to go out and remove the "tara" from Lizbeth, but to leave the
cuffs on her.  He was to help her into the garage, remove the gag, and allow her
to drink water from the water bowl that pig used.  She told him to put a collar
on her and to chain her to the outside of the little"A"frame hut using the short
chain that he would find hanging in the cabinet.  He was then to clean the
"tara" device and put it back into the cabinet, then to report back to the
sunroom.  She had planned to have slut clean Lizbeth in the back yard, but the
cunt could die on her before she was through using slut on the humping bar. 
That would have to wait.  At least henry could get her back inside and see that
she was hydrated.

By then the rabbit fur had become slick with slut's copius cunt juice.  While
she hadn't slowed her pace yet, it was clear that her orgasms were coming more
frequently but with less intensity.  Karen quickly padded off to the den, where
she had left her toolbox, and returned with a variety of items that might be
useful.  The first was a tongue clamp.

She ordered slut to give her her tongue, then pulled it out to it's full length
and clamped the device down over the base so that it couldn't be retracted. 
Slut was obviously alarmed at this development, which was to be expected.  Next,
Karen poured a generous dollop of some of the sperm that had been collected over
the portion of slut's tongue that was outside of the clamp.  She knew this would
torment the cunt  because of her lust for cum and weeks of programming to savor
tasting and swallowing it.  Much of it ran and dripped off slut's tongue,
falling down over her bouncing tits and running down her flat, hard stomach.

Slut whined at the loss of the sweet stuff, and curled the end of her tongue in
a vain effort keep it where she could at least taste it.  She wanted it down her
throat, but had no way of getting it there.  Her eyes crossed as she tried to
focus on her tongue and keeping the last little but of man juice puddled on it.



Tawny laughed out loud, clapping.  "God, you're ruthless!"



Karen didn't react.  Instead, she stepped over to amy to whisper in her ear.  "I
want you to lick all of the cum off slut each time I put some on her.  Linger on
her tongue.  I want you to suck her tongue and I want you to bite her nipples. 
Do it."



Almost immediately amy was slurping the cum off slut's sweaty body as it gyrated
over the humping bar.  She worked her way from the bottom up, anxious to get
those long nipples between her teeth.  Slut squeeled in pain when amy began to
gnaw incessantly on her right nipple.  She alternated between sucking deeply and
biting down on it from it's base to it's tip, knowing it was the sort of abuse
Mistress Karen would approve of. 



slut bucked violently in another rolling orgasm that she feared might not stop. 
It took every bit of determination in her to keep humping the nasty rabbit fur
at the same pace even while cumming.  Now, with the pretty little girl switching
to her right nipple it seemed as though the next orgasm began to build even
before the last one completely ended.  She could not help but squeel louder,
shaking her breasts from side to side in an effort to break her right nipple
loose before it was chewed off.  She began trying to flip the cum on her tongue
up over the clamp and into her mouth, knowing that if she didn't it would be
taken by the girl and she might not get any down her throat.  Slut was beside
herself with pain, frustration, lust, humiliation, and a bit of anger that the
cum she had drained from so many cocks over so much time was being savored by
another.  The girl had stood up and was pulling her hair to steady her
head...she was...Oh God No!   She was taking her cum!  Sucking it off her
tongue!  She felt something cold her her forehead and looked up to see Miss
Karen pouring a few more drops of the precious stuff over her face.  It ran down
into her eyes, but was followed quickly by the lapping tongue of the cum thief
who somehow seemed to share her lust for the spunk.  Slut would never forgive
the bitch for this, no matter what!  Then, even while the little cunt was biting
her tongue she began to cum again..."aaauggggggggggggg!", she screamed
incoherently.



Karen watched with satisfaction as slut's time of pleasure on the humping bar
began to turn violent.  The cunt had progressed through her training so well
that the pain and mental anguish that was being dealt her only seemed to deepen
her sexual experience rather than take from it.  That was  a good thing.  She
glanced over at Tawny, who was watching her.  They exchanged winks of approval. 



Slut's nipples were alternately being bitten and sucked when she next noticed
Miss Karen standing next to her with a bag full of wooden clothespins.  One of
them was clamped over her left nostril, then her right, then several on her
ears, a few on her jawline, some on the underside of her tits...and each
one...soon began to...hurt...and...it felt like she was...burning all over...and
the little bitch was biting her...and..."aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhggggggggggg!"  She
shuddered uncontrollably and bucked from side to side, bruising her inner thighs
as they banged against the humping bar.  The clothespins were snapped down on
her waist and hips, and her belly button, and Oh, God!  On her cunt, her lips,
and she...was cumming again! 

Slut's brain seemed to be functioning at such a base level that she could no
longer think.  It seemed as though she had begun to experience one long,
rolling, sexual seizure that was almost making it impossible to keep humping the
bar.  She was burning now between her legs.  Added to the torment of the girl
biting her and stealing the cum she had worked so hard to earn, Miss Karen was
removing and reattaching the clothespins all over her body so she couldn't
become accustomed to them.  As all of this spun around and through her in a blur
of frenzied insanity, the man started slapping her in the face with his huge,
beautiful cock.  It didn't hurt at all physically...but the anguish of being
denied having it in her mouth was more than she could bear.  Each time she made
a stab at trying to capture it between her clamped tongue and upper lip, he
would deftly pull it away and slap her with it.  All the while, she stroked the
beautiful thing up and down it's full length, displaying it for her from every
angle.  The anger that welled up in her sprouted directly out of a sense of
frustration unlike anything she had ever contended with.  She growled, groveled,
pleaded, and screamed incoherently as her entire being edged higher and higher
into an unfathonable pinnacle of confused sensations that ended in a primal
outburst and a stillness broken only by her panting and convulsing muscles. 
"sssssssssssssyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaugggggg
Gggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhss!"



Aside from slut, nothing moved in the room but the pig's hips.



"Uh-oh.", Tawny said, a broad smile on her face. 



In the next instant henry grasped slut's head in an armlock as Mistress Karen
positioned the piercing needle directly in the middle of her tongue and pushed
it through with an efficiency only gained through dozens of similar experiences. 
Slut's screaming was only altered by the pitch, and did not lessen until a large
gold stud had been locked into place and a capful of hydrogen peroxide poured
onto her tongue.  The clamp was removed and slut instinctively retracted her
injured tongue back into the protectiveness of her mouth.  This served to end
the racket she had been making and reduce her outbursts to the wimperings of a
broken, exhausted slut.  Unfortunately, her owner was not yet through with her. 



When slut tried to look up through tear-streaked eyes at the embodiment of
cruelty that had done this to her, all that she was able to see was the blur of
Miss Karen's open hand sweeping down and across her face.



Tawny's hand seemed to automatically move between her legs as she watched her
friend ruthlessly slap the sexy cunt back and forth across her face.  The terror
in the creature's eyes told Tawny that this was a rare punishment, withheld for
special occasions such as this.  She felt grateful to her dear friend and lover
for doing this in her honor, as she had so many times in the past.  It was an
offering, and it made Tawny hotter than just about anything.  The girl was
slapped an even dozen times, both front hand and back hand.  Tawny wondered how
Karen avoided hurting her pretty hands, and hoped slut wouln't be bruised too
badly, or at least that she would heal up quickly if she was. 



At Karen's instructions, slut was carried by henry into the garage and secured,
ankle to wrist, on top of Lizbeth.  All of the clothespins were then removed,
and she was told by henry that she had best not be caught with her lips anywhere
but on Lizbeth's cunt.  Lizbeth was given the same instruction, and henry left
them to their duty, there on the floor of the garage. 



After weeks of denial, pig was excited to have an opportunity to hump herself to
orgasm.  She felt badly for her sister, but at the same time could understand
that she was only getting what was coming to her.  The injection had certainly
made pig hornier than she had ever been, and it took every ounce of discipline
that she had been taught to keep from trying to touch herself.  But, to have
done so might have ruined her chance to ride the humping bar like slut had, and
that was what she wanted more than anything else in the whole world.    The
smell of female arousal only added to her lust, and the room was thick with it. 
She hoped she would be given a chance to lick her owner in appreciation for all
of her care and training, but whatever was to come would come despite her
wishes.  For now, she was happy to climb onto the humping bar platform and wait
patiently until the naked man came and buckled her onto it.  At long last her
owner ordered her to begin. 



Karen was feeling a nice buzz.  She noticed Tawny subtly stroking herself and
ordered amy over to her Mistress for a bit of pussy licking.   Karen had always
appreciated henry's talents more, so returned to her chair next to Tawny and
motioned henry over between her parting legs.  As they were each being licked
while sipping scotch and watching the pig ride the humping bar, Tawny reached
over to squeeze Karen's hand.  "Thanks for a great morning.", she said
sincerely.  

"Mmmmm.", Karen replied.  Henry was good, and she might just be happy to have
him between her legs until dinnertime. 




CHAPTER 27  More Fun At Karen's

Slut and Lizbeth had arrived at a silent accomodation that, though they didn't
think about it, was helping them to bond with one another as sisters.  Each had
had her pussy abused by Karen.  Slut's was tender from being forced to rub it on
the nasty rabbit fur on the humping bar, far beyond the point where it stopped
being pleasant.  Lizbeth had been cruelly impaled on metal phalluses then
shocked repeatedly.  Neither was much in the mood for stimulation in the wrong
location, and each was grateful that the other was being gentle.

Given their orders to keep their mouths on the other's cunt, it was impossible
for them simply to maintain contact for the sake of it.  So, slut concentrated
on keeping her licking confined to Lizbeth's outer lips and her clit while
Lizbeth concentrated on pushing her tongue deeply up into slut's vagina and
avoiding her reddened and sensitive lips and clit. This suited slut especially
well, because her freshly pierced tongue was quite painful and she was able to
satisfy her instructions by only using the tip of her tongue on Lizbeth.  It
suited Lizebeth as well, dehydrated as she was, probing slut's cunt could at
least bring moisture into her body.

The garage was dark, hot, and very stuffy.  They were not at all comfortable,
cuffed as they were, ankle to wrist, with slut on top. But, over time and with
much gentleness founded in mutual sympathy, they had managed to be able to give
each other at least enough pleasure to help pass the time.  They did not stop
when the door opened and someone entered.  Neither could see who it was, locked
in their forced embrace as they were.  They knew their instructions and would
not violate them until told otherwise. 



After an hour of watching the pig work itself into a frenzy on the humping bar
while henry serviced her own pussy and amy serviced Tawny's,  Karen had decided
to check on "the girls", as she had put it.  She was primarily concerned with
Lizbeth's hydration.  It was a pleasant surprise to find them mewling and
moaning on each other's cunts.  Karen smiled at the thought that she was forming
such a nice little family. 

"How are we doing girls?", Karen asked, sounding like a suburbanite mother
checking on her teenage daughters.

slut spoke first, somewhat breathlessly.  "This slut is fine, Miss Karen."  She
winced.  It was the first time she had spoken since Miss Karen had so cruelly
pierced her.

"This handmaiden is well, M'Lady.", Lizbeth answered.

"Good.  Do we know why we were punished?"

"Yes, M'Lady.", Lizbeth replied solemnly.

slut hadn't answered, but kept licking Lizbeth's cunt. 

"slut?"

slut turned her head slightly to the side.  "This slut does not know why she was
punished, Miss Karen."

"Oh, how dumb of you, slut!  You have completely forgotten my little rule about
bringing me back exact change and all receipts for purchases?"

slut was shocked.  Miss Karen was right.  She hadn't  brought back the receipt
for the gas, let alone the change.  It had all been in the van after she had
been abused by the policewoman, but...the next morning she hadn't seen it again,
and had...forgotten. 

"No, er, yes, Miss Karen.", slut answered, feeling her pulse quicken.

"Choose one, slut."

Miss Karen's tone was changing.  slut hated that.  "Yes, Miss Karen.  This slut
forgot to bring back the change and receipts."  That felt better.  She had
already been punished, after all.  Lying would only make it worse.

Karen followed through.  "What happened to the change and the receipt for your
gas?"

"Um, it was...not in the van the morning this slut drove home, Miss Karen."

"You mean you lost it?"

"No, Miss Karen."

"You mean someone took it?"

"Um, yes, Miss Karen."

"Isn't that blaming someone else for something you had sole responsibility for?" 

Lizbeth was holding her tongue deeply embedded in slut's cunt, making it more
diffficult for slut to concentrate on what she should say.  "No, yes...yes Miss
Karen."

"You mean that you intend to blame human beings superior to you for your failure
to follow your instructions?"

This was not going well.  "No, Miss Karen."

Lizbeth slowly probed slut's cunt, grateful that it was not she that was being
grilled in this manner. 

"Let me make this simple, slut.  Repeat after me.  This slut is a dumb cunt."

"This slut is a dumb cunt."

"This dumb cunt lost her owner's money and failed to follow instructions."

"This dumb cunt lost her owner's money and failed to follow instructions."

"Say it again."

"This dumb cunt lost her owner's money and failed to follow instructions."

"Again."

"This dumb cunt lost her owner's money and failed to follow instructions."

Why were you punished today, slut?

"This dumb cunt lost her owner's money and failed to follow instructions."

Karen turned and walked casually out of the garage, leaving "the girls" to their
pleasant afternoon of licking each other. 



Karen had released the pig from the humping bar as soon as it appeared as though
it was suffering some discomfort.  The bar wasn't going to be a punishment for
it, as it had been for it's sister.  The humping bar was going to be pig's
reward.  Though the nice little narcotic cocktail that Karen had injected into
the animal was far from worked out of it's system, it's cunt had grown sensitive
to the constant rubbing on the sopping rabbit fur.  So, Karen had cuffed the pig
and placed it over in the corner while she had henry put away the humping bar
and clean up a bit.  Henry had been told to remove the rabbit fur from it and
place it inside pig's end of the little hut in which it was kept at night.  It
was a good thing for the creature to enjoy the constant odor of female arousal
while it slept.  To internalize such a thing would only enhance pig's desire to
worship pussies and cunts when it got the chance.

At Karen's direction amy had carefully poured all of the cum from the three
bowls into a number of small plastic containers.  Most were placed in the
freezer, some in the refrigerator.

Karen returned to the sunroom to find Tawny watching the pig.  "I wonder if Doc
could give the pig little pointy ears, like an elf?", Tawny asked thoughtfully.

Karen returned to her chair next to Tawny.  "Have you ever seen it done?", she
asked.

"No, but there's always a first!"

Karen could tell that Tawny was warming to her own idea as each second ticked
by. 

"What if he botched it?"

"Then he'd owe me one."

"What about the pig, though?"

"I dunno, Karen.  Off to the barbecue with it, I guess.  Do you care?"  Tawny
was impatient with such questions.  Surely Karen didn't care that much about
this one.

Karen felt foolish.  The pig was a throwaway and she knew it.  "No, of course
not."  If the pig was going to be their common fetish project, why not have it's
ears pointed?  "I don't want it looking like Spock, though.":, Karen added.

"Spock had hair.", Tawny retorted. 

"Whatever.  You can do what you like while I'm gone."

"Thank you, sweetie.", Tawny answered, leaning over for a quick kiss.  "So when
do I get my special treat?"

"You mean watching the pig lose it's innocence?"

"Yesssssssssss!"  Tawny leaned down, parting Karen's robe to tenderly kiss her
right nipple. 

"Well, we could do it now or later this evening, after dinner.  I was thinking
I'd take you to a nice little place I know..."

"Okay.", Tawny answered.  "I'm thinking it's probably time to go over to "my"
house and get situated.  How long can a girl go around here without any
clothes?"

They arranged for Tawny to return to Karen's house at six o'clock.  Tawny had
amy dress in Lizbeth's clothes from the evening before and retrieve some clothes
for henry so that the three of them could unpack and begin to get settled into
the "guest" house.  Tawny pulled on her brown silk dress from the evening before
and left, but not before giving Karen a long embrace.  "It's been so long.", she
whispered.  "Today was great...thank you!".



Karen returned to the garage and removed slut from on top of Lizbeth, sending
her out into the yard to clean herself up as she would have that morning, if not
for the fact that she had been enroute from Miami.  Lizbeth was uncuffed and
ordered to crawl to the sunroom, where Karen put her to work licking the pig's
sweet cunt.  It would do well to keep Lizbeth down for a while.  Licking the
animal's cunt, especially after it had been well worked, would keep the haughty
bitch from thinking too much of herself. 

She would be taking slut along for dinner tonight with Tawny.  Slut could be
relied upon to provide entertainment and keep the evening from getting stale. 
Though Karen and Tawny held a deep and abiding affection and lust for each
other, they sometimes had difficulty making conversation.  Slut would be
available to make up for any awkward moments.  Tawny loved psychodrama, and
Karen was sure slut could provide it. 

She felt somewhat uncomfortable about slut's former home.  Though she didn't
have an expectation of it, she sometimes worried that someone could show up
there looking for slut.  She expected to be made aware by her training team if
the mother were on the move, and so would have some warning there.  The team's
penetration didn't include shipboard data, let alone much D.O.D. information. 
So, the husband might pop up, though it would be outside of his deployment
schedule.  She knew the Navy didn't release sailors from deployment for marital
problems.  But, there was always the unanticipated problem.  Tawny could
probably deal with any unexpected intrusions, but she needed to talk with her
about it.  She wouldn't feel comfortable leaving any of the slaves over there,
though.  She would have to keep them in her home tonight while she and Tawny
were having their fun. 

Karen's scotch buzz was wearing off, and she needed for it to.  She rarely drank
that early, and it was difficult to stop once she started.  She would have slut
make her some lemonade and a pot of coffee.  That would be nice. 



Despite the terrible and humiliating ordeal slut had suffered, she was relieved
to again be doing something familiar.  It felt good to be cleaned up, both
inside and out.  Her cunt was still sore, though now it was more irritated than
outright painful.  Her tongue throbbed from the fresh piercing.  The slapping
hadn't left any marks, but, like being tormented by the witholding of the cum
she felt she had earned, there remained a psychological wound that told her she
needed to try harder to please Miss Karen.  It was with this resolve that she
assumed the proper position outside the sunroom to await further instructions.

She was relieved that she didn't have to wait long.  The sun was brutal and it
was a huge relief to get back into the air conditioning after all the time she
had spent either outside or in the stuffy garage.  Pig was enjoying the
attentions of Lizbeth's tongue in the sunroom, but slut was not able to enjoy
more than a cursory glance in that direction before being sent to the kitchen
for lemonade and coffee.  Miss Karen's mood had changed and she seemed relaxed. 
Miss Tawny and the blonde "slaves", henry and amy were gone.  Slut felt better
now that she was doing something productive for Miss Karen.  The coffee would be
excellent and the lemonade just as her owner liked it.  slut would make sure. 

After serving Miss Karen in her office, slut assumed her "wait" position.  She
was quickly told to kneel, and spent the next several minutes waiting silently,
with her hands clasped together behind her neck and her knees spread
shoulder-width apart.  She concentrated on arching her back just so, ensuring
her tummy was held in while her chest and ass were displayed enticingly.  Miss
Karen never even looked in her direction.  Slut could not help but steal little
glances at her owner.  Despite all of the abuse she had suffered, she had come
to revere her.  She depended on this woman for all that she was.  Without this
woman she would not be the wanton slut she had become, and although much of the
life was grueling, the rewards...the cocks...the...



"Tonight you'll be accompanying us to dinner.  You'll be prepared for anything. 
You'll not embarrass me.  Do you understand?"

slut's mind had begun to wander to visions of cocks and of cum.  Miss Karen
almost caught her off guard and unprepared.  She answered "Yes, Miss Karen.",
without hesitating.  What else could she say?

"You know that public use of you is one of the purposes of my keeping you,
correct?"

"Yes, Miss Karen."  Slut wondered why so much was being made of it.  Would it be
that bad that she had to be prepared for it?

"Good.  Now go clean the house, but keep yourself fresh."  Miss Karen looked up
at her for the first time.  She was smiling.



Tawny looked ravishing.  Her body was made for little cocktail dresses.  She
smiled broadly and performed several pirouettes for Karen, which was cute.  They
touched cheeks in lieu of kissing.  Karen had chosen to wear her plum Versace,
which Tawny had never seen.  "My goodness gracious!  You look good enough to
eat!", Tawny exclaimed in a false southern accent. 

Henry and amy had filed past Tawny to choose appropriate positions just inside
the entry foyer.  They quickly stripped out of their blue nylon sweat pants to
reveal that they were wearing matching white lycra bike shorts.  They also wore
matching white cotton tank tops.  Henry carried a small black gym bag.  They
folded the sweat pants neatly and stacked them on the floor against the wall. 
Karen was always impressed by henry and amy.  They were good thinkers. 

"I thought maybe we could have them work out while we're gone?", Tawny
suggested. "After being in a box for two days I'm sure a nice ride on your
stationery bike would do them some good."

Karen didn't trust anyone, and her first thought was of what she needed to
secure. All of her government issue equipment was already locked in a crate in
her bedroom closet.  That she had done in preparation of the visit.  "Why not?",
she replied. 

"Would you mind if we brought slut along with us?", Karen asked.   Tawny had
been quite open about how much she admired slut.  Her answer was predictable.

"Not at all."

"Good.  You get to choose her outfit, won't that be fun?" Karen smiled.

"You keep thinking of me!  How nice of you.  I'd love to dress up that doll
baby.  Where is she?"

Karen called for slut, who had been dusting the guest bedroom.



Still naked, slut moved quickly toward Miss Karen's voice.  She had heard the
doorbell ring and knew Miss Karen's friend had returned.  She found them still
in the entry, and assumed her position before answering, "Yeth, Mith Kawen?" 
The piercing in her tongue still hurt and she was avoiding using it as much as
possible.  She felt her nipples hardening. 

"Tawny will be choosing your attire and accessories  for this evening, slut. 
Show her your clothes and take your instructions from her."
Yeth, Mith Kawen.", slut replied.  She moved off in the direction of Miss
Karen's den, where the boxes full of slutty clothes Miss Karen had made her
purchase were kept. 



Karen turned toward henry and amy.  "amy, go with them to help prepare slut."

Amy was off quickly to do as she was told, leaving Karen alone with henry.  The
bike shorts were a nice touch on him, what with the nice package he offered and
the impressive bulge it produced.

"henry, you know how much I love you and that big hard cock of yours.  If it
weren't for my preference for pretty women I surely could go over to the other
side with the likes of you."  She traced a finger along the outline of his cock. 
She loved to torment henry.  She also loved that his brain was high functioning
enough that he knew when she wanted him to speak.  He remained silent. 

"I am going to offer you an incentive, henry.  If you and amy can ride my
stationery bike sixty miles in the three hours we're gone, you'll have three
choices when we return.  They'll all be good ones for you, very good.  Keep in
mind that I have tape running of the entire house and that I don't want either
of you to leave the bicycle area.  When one is riding the other is to be
kneeling as if waiting.  We'll ensure that you have plenty of water.  Do you
understand?"

"Yes, M'Lady.", henry answered respectfully.  He was a gem. 

"Good.  For now I need you to go water Lizbeth, then secure her in the far side
of the little hut we've got her chained to.  Then get a roll of the clothesline
I have in the garage and bring it to the sunroom."

"Yes, M'Lady."  Henry moved away quickly and enthusiastically, as he always did
when given instructions.

Karen strolled to the sunroom to wait for henry there. 



slut was already trying on her third outfit for Miss Tawny.  She was becoming
wetter and wetter, and feared that soon her arousal would become apparent to the
woman and her "slave", amy, who was watching silently.  slut had becomed
accustomed to being naked around Miss Karen all day, but these women were
strangers.  She was embarassed by her long nipples and smooth cunt, and made
nervous by the need to obey every instruction she was given.  Through it all,
too much of her mind was occupied by the bulge she had seen in the tight white
shorts in the entry foyer.  She wondered when, or if, she would get to service
that cock.  If only...

It was with considerable trepidation that slut realized the tight white tube top
and black spandex micromini skirt were Miss Tawny's preference for her attire
for the evening.   Next she modeled her limited selection of shoes and a pair of
black, five inch heeled sandals were chosen.  Miss Tawny then ordered amy to
make slut up "that special way that you are so good at", and strode out of the
room.  Silently, slut led amy to the guest bathroom where all of her cosmetics
and jewelry were kept.  The slave made her face up to look like a high priced
hooker.  That was slut's observation only relative to her face and hair, which
were very tastefully done, though no so conservative as she might have preferred
in her old life.  The "slave" girl painted slut's finger and toe nails bright
red to match her lipstick, and installed five large hoops in each ear.  These
additions to her slutty clothes and shoes made her look like nothing more than a
streetwalker, and a blatant one at that.  slut was clearly distressed, but her
cunt juices continued to flow and her inner thighs were now slick with them. 

Just before finishing up, amy whispered to slut, "I think you're going to be in
for an interesting evening.", and winked.  slut had no idea how to answer, so
didn't.   she was taken firmly by the wrist and led out of the bathroom in
search of the Mistresses.  They were both in the sunroom, watching henry finish
binding up the pig. 

slut was shocked to see how severly tied pig was.  There were a few times when
she felt pangs of guilt or sympathy for the creature that had once been her
adoptive sister, and this was one of them.  Each of pig's lower legs had been
doubled back and bound tightly to it's upper legs, while it's arms were bound
together behind it's back from the wrists to the elbows.  slut hadn't known
megan to have been that flexible, and was amazed that her, or it's, shoulder's
had not separated from their sockets.  pig's expression was one of obvious
distress and confusion - the pain must have been overwhelming. 

Miss Karen had henry prop the pig in a position such that it rested only on it's
knees and it's hands, then ordered him to use some twine to bind pig's cunt
open.  henry quickly knotted the twine to the top ring in the pig's right cunt
lip, then passed the string around and under pig's ass to the top ring on it's
left cunt lip.  He continued until it's cunt was bound open in a sort of reverse
lacing arrangement, and tied off the twine only after stretching pig's cuntlips
so widely apart that slut wondered that the rings didn't tear the pig's flesh. 
Miss Karen then had him pass the twine through both of pig's nipple rings, then
through it's tongue ring.  Pulling steadily until pig's tongue was fully
distended downward and it's nipples pulled up and inward, henry then knotted the
twine to the tongue ring.  He then followed his instructions in knotting a new
length of the twine to pig's nose ring and passing the free end through an
eyehook in the ceiling.  With nothing more than the motion of a finger, Miss
Karen directed henry to pull the twine steadily but slowly.  This had the effect
of causing the pig to shuffle painfully on it's knees the two or three feet that
it could until it was centered directly beneath the eyehook and could no longer
relieve the pressure by moving. It was no longer resting on it's hands and was
being held in a vertical position by it's nose ring. 

pig's eyes rolled around in a panic, but slut could see that it's tasty little
cunt (she had grown fond of it) was brimming with thick juices that seemed to
ooze freely out of the bright pink little hole that Miss Karen had chosen to
display so cruelly.  It's mouth was forced wide open by the opposing nose and
tongue bindings, and slut noted how perfectly matched the pig's tongue was to
it's cunt. 

Miss Karen extended the smallest mercy by having henry place small throw pillows
under the pig's knees.  Of course this necessitated a tightening of the twine
connected to it's nose, and henry attended to it without the need for Miss Karen
to direct it. 

"How nice.", Miss Tawny commented. 

"I thought henry and amy could use a bit of diversion while they're riding.  If
they cover sixty miles before we return, I think they will deserve a reward. 
What do you think?"

"Mmmm.  I agree.  Something for everyone to look forward to!", Tawny gushed. 

"A little incentive."

"You are wicked, but that's why I love you."

Now Miss Tawny's attention turned to slut.  "My God, amy!  You've outdone
yourself!"

"Yes, indeed.", Miss Karen agreed.  Except there's just one final touch that's
missing.  henry, go to the cabinet in the garage and bring me the small wooden
box."

slut stole a glance at henry's ass as he made off toward the garage.  He was
awesome, especially in those bike shorts.  She tried to distract herself from
thinking about what was in the box, or what "final touch" was missing. 

henry returned quickly, handing the box to Miss Karen, who opened it and held it
out for slut to see.  "This is my piercing kit, slut.  I'm going to pierce your
navel now."  Miss Karen removed a small bottle of alcohol, a cotton swab, and a
circular needle from the box, then handed it back to henry. She sent amy off to
retrieve the ring she had gotten for the occasion.  It was in Miss Karen's
bedroom, in the nightstand drawer. Miss Tawny moved in closer to watch.  Miss
Karen swabbed the area just above slut's navel with the alcohol and handed the
bottle and cotton swab back to henry.  She took a pinch of slut's flesh there
between her thumb and forefinger and quickly forced the needle up through from
beneath.  slut gasped aloud, not expecting the pain to be quite what it was.  By
then amy had returned.  Miss Karen removed a tool from the box and passed a
small silver ring through the piercing before clamping it down with the tool,
resulting in a snap that meant to slut that the thing was permanent.  Tears
welled up in her eyes, but no so much from the pain as from the thought that now
she was marked, permanently.  Miss Karen had told her to look at her new
piercing, and she could see quite plainly that from the ring hung a silver charm
in the form of a pair of handcuffs.   

slut then suffered the humiliation of having to display herself in various
poses, spin slowly around, and walk back and forth across the room a few times
for the entertainment of Miss Karen and her friend.  This concluded with a
statement by Miss Tawny that only served to further bring slut down.  "She looks
like a desperate slut trying to relive her teenage years, it's perfect!"

"We'll have to add the required tattoo above her ass later.", Miss Karen
responded.

"Good idea."

Miss Karen grasped slut by the wrist and pulled her off toward the garage.  She
told henry and amy to start riding, and to make sure Lizbeth was okay. 

slut climbed into the back seat of the Jag and assumed the position that she was
required to ride in.  She lifted the micromini so that her ass would be in
direct contact with the center of the forward edge of seat, touched her toes to
the opposite outside rear corners of the bucket seats, and clasped her hands at
the small of her back.  She was not permitted to allow her shoulders to rest
against the seat, so the position tended to cause her to work her abs in order
to keep her torso upright.  It was strenuous, but bearable.  Miss Tawny climbed
into the front on the passenger side and turned toward slut.  Miss Karen had
gone to reenter the house.  Nervous, especially after all that had transpired
that day, slut kept her eyes glued to the console between the seats. 

"Ready for an exciting evening, slut?"

"Yeth, Mith Tawny.", slut answered. 

"I can hardly wait to have a go with you.  I find you very attractive."  Miss
Tawny's voice was purring.  "Do you find me attractive?"  She tossed her hair
back over her right ear.

"Yeth, Mith Tawny." slut answered evenly, carefully.

"Well, with just us girls going out tonight, I suppose we'll find out just what
kind of a girl you are, won't we?"

"Yeth, Mith Tawny." 

"I may be taking possession of you for a while, soon.  I'd hate to have to do
that if I was unhappy with you.  I'm sure you'll do your best to make me happy
tonight?"

This was bad.  Or good.  slut didn't know.  She shouldn't think.  "Yeth, Mith
Tawny."  She added a slight nod for emphasis.  Her chest was rising and falling
more now, what with the heat of the garage, the strain of holding the position,
and the line of questioning Miss Tawny was following. 

"Do you like to lick pussies, slut?"

"Yeth, Mith Tawny."

"Would you like to lick my pussy tonight?"

slut was oozing.  Her nipples hardened.  Her body's reactions always made it
more difficult to stay focused.  "Oh, yeth, Mith Tawny.!", slut answered
enthusiastically.  If not her owner's pussy, slut would be happy to serve her
beautiful, exotic friend. 

It was at that moment that Miss Karen returned, carrying the purse that slut
thought she must have forgotten.  Before slut knew it, they were speeding off
down the road, bound for an evening out.  Just the three of them.




CHAPTER 28 Girl's Night Out

It had been a thirty minute drive to the restaurant.  slut knew this only
because she had spent much of it staring at the clock on the cd player.  Miss
Karen played her jazz loudly, so slut couldn't even attempt to hear the few
conversations that took place in the front seat.  She spent most of that time
wondering if the dread she sensed was stronger than the delicious anticipation. 
If she performed well, she thought, she would be allowed to serve Miss Tawny. 
To prove she was worthy, she could endure a lot.  She was relieved to be able to
climb out of the car, once Miss Karen had parked in the restaurant lot. 

The building was small, but the parking lot was full.  It was still daylight, so
slut felt very exposed and conspicuous in the parking lot with the two well
dressed and beautiful women.  Next to them, she must look like a...slut.  She
was a slut, she reminded herself.  There was no sense in denying it. 

Miss Karen snapped open her purse, handing slut a small plastic container. 
"This is your salad dressing, slut.  I want you to hold it in the palm of your
left hand with your right hand around it so that you can be sure you won't drop
it.  That's it.  Now, tonight you will not speak unless we tell you to.  You
will keep your eyes on the table in front of you.  You will mind your posture
and how you carry yourself, and you will attend to our needs without question. 
Do you understand?"

She was already trembling.  "Yeth, Mith Karen."

"Looks like a whore, sounds like a retard.", Miss Karen quipped.   Miss Tawny
laughed out loud, attracting the attention of the doorman.  He smiled at the
three of them.  The women started off toward him, so slut followed the
appropriate distance behind, concentrating on walking just as Miss Karen
required.  She felt silly, holding the little container as though it were a
priceless Faberge egg.  She felt a soft breeze blow over her bare cunt,
reminding her of how short the skirt was.  She couldn't look up.  slut did not
want to see the doorman's expression.  Her bouncing breasts, held as they were
in the thin, tight tube top, caused her nipples to harden.  This, in turn,
caused her cunt to begin to flow.  She would not think about that, though.  She
could not help it, and could only do as Miss Karen wished.  It was better not to
think. 

They passed through the doorway wordlessly, while the doorman greeted them
cheerily with a "Good evening, ladies."  slut felt bad that no one answered him,
but resisted her own habit of being polite in order to comply with her
instructions.  The restaurant was very dark on the inside.  The host was already
leading Miss Karen and Miss Tawny to their table by the time slut realized they
were moving away from her.  She was used to having to wait.  It must be a really
good restaurant, she thought. 

The ladies were led to a very small table for two.  The host seated Miss Karen
and Miss Tawny, then noticed slut and became confused.  "I apologize.  I
understood...is it a party of three, then?  I believe the reserva-..."

"Oh, it's alright.  We did reserve for two but decided to let our friend here
tag along.  She's having a lot of problems lately.  Do you mind?"

"Oh, not at all.  Would you like me to move you to a...".  The host sounded
slightly purturbed, but only slightly. 

"No, we can't upset your reservations for the evening.  An extra chair will be
fine!"  Miss Karen touched his arm reassuringly, and he smiled. 

slut stood awkwardly next to the table while Miss Karen and her friend began to
look over the menus.  She felt rediculous holding the damned container.  She had
made the mistake of looking around a bit and had noticed people looking at her
with disgust on their faces.  She knew they hadn't expected such a nice
restaurant to cater to...whores like her. 

The host returned, this time with a curious expression on his face.  He had
noticed the container.   "Special diet?", he asked. 

slut's face reddened at her inability to answer.  She shouldn't have looked at
him to start with, and now had to redirect her eyes to the table.   He held the
chair for her as she sat, concentrating on keeping her back from touching it,
and ensuring that it was properly arched.  She didn't think he would ask again,
but he did.

Miss Karen waited a dreadfully long time before she answered for slut.  "She's a
deaf mute."  Her tone was curt.  "And yes, it is a special diet item for her."

"I'm so sorry.", the host replied earnestly.  He held a menu out to slut, who
started to accept it.

"That won't be necessary.  She doesn't need a menu.", Miss Karen said
pleasantly. 

Slut withdrew her hands, then knew she had made a mistake, or at least had
exposed Miss Karen's statement that she was deaf, as a lie.  Her heart
fluttered.

After quickly collecting himself, the host informed the ladies that their waiter
would be Amanda, then retreated back to his station. 

Slut remained completely still, concentrating on her posture and keeping her
eyes on the table in front of her.  Miss Karen patted the linen tablecloth
immediately in front of slut, which was her signal to put the container down. 
She folded her hands in her lap, as she had been trained to do when seated in
public. 

Miss Karen and Miss Tawny discussed the menu as well as the wine selections for
a few minutes until the waitress arrived.  The waitress sounded very nice to
slut, but she couldn't look up to see what she looked like.  She spoke of a few
specials the chef had prepared for the evening and offered to bring beverages
and an appetizer while they perused the menu.  Miss Karen ordered wine for
herself and Miss Tawny, and said to the waitress, "Our friend here doesn't
drink.  Could you just bring her a glass of water and a straw please?"  The
waitress, of course, was agreeable.  slut sensed a note of surprise in her
voice, and dreaded the thought of any further exchanges.  Her nipples were
trying just as hard as they could to push through the tube top.  The restaurant
was almost cold, and that certainly didn't help.    

Soon enough the waitress returned with the wine for the ladies and the glass of
water for slut, as well as an order of shrimp cocktail, one of slut's favorites
in her old life.  It was time to order, and Miss Karen ordered rack of lamb for
herself and a plain leaf salad for slut, to be brought out with the entrees. 
Miss Tawny ordered  mussels.  As soon as the waitress took the two menus and
departed, Miss Karen removed slut's straw from it's paper wrapper and placed it
in slut's glass of water.  "You will not drink unless I tap your glass, and when
you do, you must simply lean forward and drink through the straw.  You are not
to touch the glass."  Slut remained still and quiet.  She would not be tricked
into speaking.

"I am not sure your knees are wide enough.  Adjust them."  Miss Karen's tone was
so casual that her instructions simply blended in with the quiet, casual
conversations going on around them.  Slut had known her knees were not at least
twelve inches apart.  She had hoped Miss Karen wouldn't notice.  A few inches
would not draw attention, but twelve inches was quite wide considering the
length of the micromini and the fact that she wore nothing beneath it. 
Nevertheless, she adjusted them.  Feeling the cool air move up between her legs
gave her a sense of exposure that made her nervous.  Who could see?  Anyone? 
Now she had made two mistakes.  She needed to concentrate, and not to think, she
told herself. 

Now Miss Tawny leaned over to whisper in slut's ear.  "I haven't tasted you yet. 
I'll bet you taste really good.  Take your spoon and push it up into your cunt. 
I'll let you know when I want it, okay, honey?"  slut nodded slightly, feeling
as though some acknowledgement was required.  She unrwapped her silverware from
the linen napkin and, as subtly as she could, moved the spoon down between her
legs.  It felt cold against her cunt lips, which were still sensitive from her
time on the humping bar.  In one slow but deliberate motion she gently pushed
the spoon up into herself until only about an inch of the end protruded out.  
She would have to hold it in place to keep it from falling onto the floor,
though.  Slut tried to cover her right hand with her left to conceal just how
close it was to being directly on her bare cunt. 

Over the next few minutes things were relatively event free for slut.  She
succeeded in avoiding letting her mind wander, and concentrated totally on
simply doing as she was told and on being ready to respond to any instructions. 
Her cunt was responding to having the spoon inside it, and she was sure she
could smell herself, but hoped that was as far as it went.  There seemed to be
good circulation.

Miss Karen fed her a couple of shrimp, holding them up to slut's lips with her
fingers.  Slut was sure this had been seen and blushed brightly each time.  The
shrimp were delicious.  The diet Miss Karen had kept her on was strictly
regulated, very healthy, and quite bland.  She had eaten quite a lot of canned
tuna, but that's as close as she had gotten to seafood until tonight. 

The waitress brought salads for Miss Karen and Miss Tawny, and asked slut if
there was anything she needed.  Again Miss Karen announced, "She's deaf and
mute.", and added, "She's fine for now, thank you."  Slut noted the long pause
before the waitress responded, and knew that now her curiosity had been aroused. 

She watched them eat their salads using her peripheral vision.  Her stomach
ached, she was so hungry.  Miss Karen's salad was covered with thick blue cheese
dressing that contained huge chunks of cheese.  At least she would be getting a
salad of her own - that was something, and something would be better than
nothing.  All she needed to do was wait.  Miss Karen reached over with her salad
fork and tapped it against slut's water glass.  Slut leaned forward to take the
straw into her mouth and took a sip, quickly sitting back up.  She had seen
movement out of the corners of her eyes.  People around them had noticed, and
were watching. 

Between bites of her salad, Miss Tawny said in a conversational tone of voice,
"I just don't think it's appropriate for you to enjoy icewater.  Reach into the
glass with your hand, scoop out the ice, and put it in your mouth."

Slut blushed again, knowing she was being watched by who knew how many people. 
Now she would have to take the hand away that camouflaged what was going on
between her legs.  All she could do was to follow the instruction quickly, and
to not think about it.  It was not her business to worry about herself.  Her
business was to please Miss Karen and, now, Miss Tawny.  She reached up with her
left hand, scooping a bit of ice out of the glass and putting it into her mouth. 
It took her three tries before she got all of the ice out.  She returned her
left hand to it's position and took a few deep breaths, hoping the attention she
was attracting would lessen.

Luckily, slut was left alone for a few more minutes and she felt she was not
being watched so intently.  She was able to relax just a bit, at least enough
that she was breathing normally again.  The mistresses were discussing Miss
Tawny's "farm" and the house that would be built there for Miss Karen.  Slut had
no idea what all of this pertained to, and tried not to let herself begin to
wonder.  They spoke as though her presence was of no consequence to them, which,
she supposed, it wasn't.  She had gotten accustomed in many circumstances to
being treated this way, just not in public, and not by anyone other than Miss
Karen. 

Just after the waitress took away their salad plates, Miss Karen addressed slut.

"One of your duties while in public is to make life easier for your owners.  For
example, when one of us needs to pee, we should not have to wander the
restaurant in search of the restroom.  You should locate it, inspect it, and
return.  Then, when we need to pee, you will accompany us to provide any service
we may require.  Go now."

Slut hesitated, much too long.  She could not stand up and free her hands
without having the spoon slip out of her cunt.  If she kept her hands, or at
least one of them, over her cunt to keep the spoon in, it would be...well...Oh,
God!  Tears welled up in her eyes.  Miss Karen was nibbling on the shrimp. 
Maybe she could...the restaurant was dark...maybe...

Slut was rising, removing her left hand only long enough to move the chair back. 
Then, with both hands over her crotch, she moved off through the restaurant to
find the ladies restroom.  She knew she looked like a little girl who had waited
too long to pee.  People noticed, she saw the surprised,  disgusted looks on
their faces.  She felt desperate, moving quickly, casting about frantically to
see any sign of the restroom.  She moved straight down a row of tables, then
right.  She reversed herself and went past a few booths, toward the kitchen. 
Then, there, to the right!  She pulled to open the door to the ladies restroom
and it was locked!  Tears trickled down over her cheeks.  She would not
sob...she could not give in.  She didn't matter.  It wasn't about her.  She
blinked, squeezing the last drops our of her tear ducts.  Thankfully the door
finally opened.  The overweight woman coming out stopped, looked slut up and
down, wrinkled her nose, and muttered, "Have you no shame?", as she lumbered by. 
Slut ducked into the restroom, locking the door behind her.  Oh, God!  She just
needed to  breath a little bit - to calm down for the return trip.  She took
note of the restroom, even straightening it up a bit.  She wiped off the toilet
seat.  Seeing herself in the mirror was a shock.  Until then she had no real
idea of how visible her nipples were, pushing so insistently against the thin
fabric of the white tube top. 

She removed her hands from her cunt, just to see if she could keep the spoon in. 
It began to slip out immediately, and she knew she couldn't walk like that.  She
was so wet that her thighs were now coated with cunt juice.  The restroom was
quickly filling with the odor of female arousal.  Slut knew that if she stood
there, dwelling on her situation, she might just break down.  Who knew what sort
of cruel fate would await her then?  She had seen what had happened to that
girl, "Lizbeth".  She had to go back to the table.  She had to do her duty. 

She tried keeping the spoon in with just her middle finger extended down to hold
it in place.  If she could give the appearance that her hands weren't all the
way "down there", she might be able to get back to the table without...it didn't
matter, but...

Slut unlocked the door and made her way quickly back to Miss Karen's table.  She
held the spoon in with her right hand, leaving her left free to swing as though
everything were normal.  Maybe, at least, those to her left who hadn't seen her
coming the other way, wouldn't  notice.   She kept her eyes to the floor in
front of her as she walked.  It was better to keep herself free of the glares. 
She didn't need to suffer more. 

Back in her seat, with her chest heaving, she tried her best to calm down. 

"Well?", Miss Karen asked.  "Did you find it?  Is it clean?"

"Yeth, Mith Karen.  It ith keen.", slut whispered.  She was supposed to be mute. 

"How many toilets?", Miss Tawny asked.

"One, Mith Tawny."

"And the door can be locked?".  It was Miss Karen again.

"Yeth, Mith Karen."

Slut noted that some sort of nonverbal exchange passed between them, but she
couldn't be sure.  Miss Karen tapped on her glass again, and she leaned forward
to drink.  "Each time the waitress comes to refill your glass, you will
automatically scoop the ice out and eat it.", Miss Karen said.  Slut nodded
slightly after taking her sip.  "Drink all of it, now."

Slut leaned forward again, to drink the glass empty through the straw.

Just then, Amanda, their waitress, appeared with the entrees.  She placed a
plain leaf salad to slut's left.  The little plastic container remained directly
in front of her.  After placing the mistresses' entrees, she asked if anyone
needed anything.

Casually, Karen replied, "Yes, our friend here could use more water.  She is
simply insatiable!  And, could you give her extra ice?"

Amanda, eager to please, quickly replied "Sure!" and took slut's now empty glass
off for a refill. 

"You may dress your salad now.", Miss Karen said.

Slut was famished, so reached for the little container in front of her with her
left hand and peeled the lid off.  She had suspected all along that it might be
filled with some of the cum she had worked so hard to collect over the past
weeks.  There was a generous amount of it, much more than was needed to dress
the salad.  She nearly swooned when the acrid smell of it reached her nostrils. 
Slut simply dumped it into the salad salad bowl and started to put the lid back
on the container.  Miss Karen stopped her by saying quietly, "You'll need to
lick it clean before putting the lid on.  Not a drop is to be wasted."

Slut was glad to have cum on her tongue again, whatever the circumstances.  She
couldn't help but glance around at the other tables, though, to see who was
watching.  She quickly regretted it, as she did have a small audience.  As
daintily as she could, she quickly swirled her tongue around the inside of the
little plastic container to ensure all of he cum was removed.  Just then the
waitress returned with slut's fresh glass of icewater. 

"Must be really good dressing.  Home made?", Amanda asked.

Slut started to nod, then remembered she was supposed to be deaf.

"Apparently.", Miss Karen answered offhandedly.  "That girl has no manners
whatsoever."

"Well, there is a first for everything.  I've never had a patron lick anything
like that before.", Amanda said.

Neither of the women responded to the comment and she finally moved off toward
the kitchen.  Slut began scooping the ice out of her water glass and eating it
as fast as she could.  People were still watching. She could sense it.  She
crunched up and swallowed the ice as fast as she could, not just to please Miss
Karen but to be able to begin eating her salad.

"I'd like to have your spoon now, dear.", Miss Tawny said just before eating her
first mussel. 

Slut was glad to comply, but for her audience.  She reached for another handful
of ice, knowing they would be watching her do that while she slipped the spoon
out of her oozing cunt with her right hand.  She held it out to Miss Tawny,
handle first.  Unfortunately for slut, Miss Tawny chose not to take it right
away, forcing her to hold it out for several long seconds while she continued to
shovel ice from the glass to her mouth.  Now she noticed more heads turning her
way, and her pulse quickened again. 

Thankfully, Miss Tawny finally took the spoon and held it up to her nose.  She
passed it back and forth under her nose as though it were a wine cork, studying
slut's aroma.  Slut felt compelled to watch, though not directly.  It was
important to her what Miss Tawny thought of her...taste.  Miss Tawny's tongue
finally reached out and touched it, but slut couldn't read anything in her
expression.  Miss Tawny put the spoon down and slut turned her attention to the
salad. 

The spinach leaves were literally floating in the cum.  Slut couldn't wait any
longer and reached for her salad fork.  "If I recall correctly, you aren't
permitted to use utensils.", Miss Karen said while chewing on her rice.

Slut's face bloomed into a bright crimson blush yet again.  Oh, God!, she
thought.  It was best not to think.  She hadn't made a mistake with the fork,
technically - other than forgetting a rule, but...it was best not to think.  It
wasn't about her.  It was better to do what she was told.  Her job was to please
Miss Karen. 

With a steely determination, she moved the bowl over in front of her and reached
into it with her right hand.  Taking a large leaf, she swirled it around a bit
in the cum and leaned forward over the bowl to avoid any spillage.  Turning her
head slightly to the side, she quickly lifted the leaf and pushed it into her
open mouth.  Cum dripped down over her hand as well as out of the corner of her
mouth.  Mmmm...it felt sooooo good to feel the cum slipping down her throat. 
She licked the corner of her mouth off, then her fingers, and reached into the
bowl for another leaf. 

This continued until slut had eaten all of the spinach leaves and nothing
remained but the cum.  Miss Karen suggested she use the straw to suck up the
remainder of the cum, and reminded slut that she was not to waste a drop, which
meant she would have to lick the bowl clean to complete her meal.  Her cunt was
positively vibrating, as it always did when she had cum coating the back of her
throat. 

Slut quickly sucked the remaining cum up through the straw, then lifted the bowl
to lick it clean.  She held some of the sweet man juice in her mouth, swirling
it around and over her teeth and gums, savoring the taste and texture.  Who knew
when she would again be so rewarded?  Flash images of herself sucking and
fucking different men began to play in her mind, and she imagined herself being
filled in all three holes, there, on the restaurant floor.  Her motor was
running, and it was running at full speed.  Her chest heaved, causing her
freakishly long, fat nipples to rise and fall dramatically in their tube top
casement. 

Miss Karen broke the cycle by tapping on slut's glass with her fork.  It was
time to drink all of her water down again.  She needed to concentrate, to get
all of those distractions of big, beautiful cocks out of her mind.  She drained
the glass quickly, realizing she would need to pee soon. 

Miss Tawny then said to Miss Karen, "When do you want to send her over to
Charlotte?"

"Oh, is that where your surgeon friend is?"

"Yes, it's convenient to the farm."

"It would be that."

"Well?"

"The sooner, the better.  I'm getting clausterphobic at the house. Not because
of you, but I just...the neighborhood...too much attention makes me nervous. 
The husband might come around or something."

"So, you're ready to go back?"

"In a week or two.  The sooner I go the sooner I retire.  Do you mind?"

"No, I love you!"

Miss Karen reached forward to squeeze Miss Tawny's hand.  Slut hadn't realized
they cared about each other that much. 

"What do you want done?"

"I think she could carry forty double-d's well, you?"

"Oh, sure.  You want the nipples done?"

"Yes, and the lips.  If they were fuller she'd be much more sensuous.  Don't you
think?"

slut knew Miss Tawny was looking at her.  She was trembling.  They were talking
about her!  Forty double-d's?  She would be a freak!  A whore! It would
be...everyone who saw her would know she was a...  It was best not to think. 
Miss Karen knew best. 

"Anything else?"

"Well, yes."

"What?"
"slut, look at me.", Miss Karen instructed.  Slut looked, and saw a face that
was dead serious.  "I am altering your body to suit my needs.  You have no
choice in the matter.  I am enlarging your breasts, making your lips fuller, and
having your nipples made permanently erect.  The other item that I require is a
circumcision.  This means the flesh surrounding your clit will be removed so
that it will be in a constant state of exposure.  I will then choose appropriate
piercings to adorn it.  Do you understand?"

slut swallowed hard.  She was stunned, speechless.  Her heart was in her throat,
and tears welled in her eyes.  She wasn't being asked to consent.  She couldn't
consent, she was nothing.  Property can't consent.  It was going to happen, she
knew.  Did she understand?  Yes, she understood.  She nodded slightly. 

"Delightful!", Miss Tawny exclaimed.  "I'm looking forward to having my use of
this one while you're gone."

"I have no doubt of that.", Miss Karen answered casually.  "Eyes on the table
now."

Slut instantly redirected her gaze to the empty bowl in front of her.  She
wished it had more cum in it. 

Miss Karen and Miss Tawny then began to make small talk about old acquaintances
and shared memories while they finished their meals.  The time did not pass
quickly for slut, what with all of the things that were to be done to her
bearing heavily on her mind. 

She almost missed the significance of Miss Tawny's subtle announcement that she
had to go to the ladies room.  Slut snapped out of her stunned worrying and rose
to her feet.  She made her way quickly, concentrating on swinginer her hips
properly and ensuring her breasts bounced just so, to the ladies room.  Finding
it empty, she returned in the same manner to the table.  On her approach, Miss
Tawny was already standing up.  "Lead the way.", she instructed.

Slut held the door open for Miss Tawny and followed her inside to be of service. 

"Lock the door.  Always lock the door for me."

Slut silently turned to slide the barrel bolt lock closed.

"I assume Karen has trained you in public restroom use?"

Slut was confused.  She didn't know what that meant, so shook her head.  She
hadn't been told it was okay to speak.

Miss Tawny shrugged.  "Your Mistresses don't use public toilets.  We are above
that.  Come here.  Kneel down."

Slut did as she was told.  Miss Tawny had pushed her tube top down off her
breasts and was toying with her nipples, twisting and pinching them.  Slut
moaned.  Despite all of the orgasms she had had earlier on the humping bar, she
was needful of more.  All of the torments of the evening were catching up with
her.  She wanted to serve Miss Tawny, badly. 

Miss Tawny raised the toilet seat and guided slut's upper body with her hands
until the back of slut's neck rested on the forward edge of the toilet.  Slut
knew some of her hair was hanging in the toilet water, and hoped it was clean. 
Miss Tawny knelt now and took slut's left nipple into her mouth.  It felt so
good!  Slut couldn't recall the last time she had enjoyed having her nipples
sucked.  Miss Karen's friend was an expert at making a woman feel good, slut
knew.  She only hoped she could provide service to the sexy woman.   After so
much time practicing eating cunt on the pig, she ached for a chance to service
either Miss Karen or Miss Tawny.   Now slut's right nipple was being sucked,
licked, and bitten while Miss Tawny stroked her left nipple.  Slut closed her
eyes, relishing the sensations that were so generously being bestowed upon her. 
She felt so grateful. 

Miss Tawny finally stopped ministering to her nipples after only a minute or two
and stood in front of slut.  She lifted the hem of her dress to reveal that she
was not wearing panties, and straddled slut's body as she stepped forward,
facing the toilet rather than turning her back to it.  When slut was looking
directly up into Miss Tawny's pretty pussy, Miss Tawny bent her knees and
lowered herself down until her pussy was only a couple of inches above slut's
lips.  "You will open your mouth as wide as possible, and you will swallow every
drop."

Almost instantly a trickle of bright yellow urine began to drop down into slut's
mouth.   She nearly gagged, but valiantly swallowed the first bit of it to make
sure she could accommodate the rest.  Her trouble was that she couldn't swallow
without closing her mouth, and when she did the increasing stream of urine had
no place to go but to splash on her lips and stream down over her cheeks and
through her hair into the toilet.  Miss Tawny must have been holding back for
some time, as slut's mouth was filled quickly four times before the flow
returned to a trickle and finally stopped.   Miss Tawny rose and stepped over
slut.  "Now get up and rinse your mouth out."

When slut made a move toward the sink, Miss Tawny snapped, "In the toilet!"

Feeling as though she could not be more degraded, slut lowered her head into the
toilet and loudly sucked some water into her mouth to rinse it out.  Luckily the
toilet had been flushed and was only faintly yellow from the excess urine that
had drained into it from Miss Tawny. 

"Now come clean me up!"

slut turned toward Miss Tawny to see that she had lifted the hem of her dress
above her pussy and had spread her legs a bit.  Slut shuffled over on her knees
to lick Miss Tawny's cunt a few times.  She must have been too tentative as Miss
Tawny grabbed her head on either side and pulled slut's mouth tightly into her
pussy.  "Deeply.  Clean me!"

slut extended her tongue to it's full length and forced it up through the cleft
of Miss Tawny's pussy, relishing her taste as well as her smell.  She had hoped
the "cleaning" would lead to more, but was pushed off after a few seconds and
told to "Blow me dry."

So, on her knees in the ladies restroom, slut dutifully blew on Miss Tawny's
cunt until it had dried.

When they began to arrange themselves to leave, slut placed her hand over her
mouth.  It was the signal that she was requesting permission to speak.  She had
to pee badly herself, and had noted that a lot of urine had splashed onto the
tank top.  She was also concerned about the urine in her hair, which was
completely wet, but only on the sides.  She hoped to ask to pee and to dry
herself using the restroom's hand dryer.  Miss Tawny opted to ignore her,
though, and told her only to pull up her tube top and to "lead the way" back to
the table. 

It was another long walk through the restaurant for slut.  Now she strutted and
made her tits bounce with piss in her hair and on her clothes.  It was better
not to think.  At least she managed to keep her eyes on the floor rather than to
look around.

When they finally reached the table, Miss Karen announced enthusiastically that
she needed to go as well.  Slut led the way to the ladies restroom and assumed
the position she had been taught, and served her owner as a human toilet for the
very first time. 

Miss Karen had not concerned herself with being as tidy as Miss Tawny had. 
Slut's face and hair were now soaked with urine, and Miss Karen did not allow
her to wipe it off for the trip back to the table.  slut rightfully concluded
that anyone who had watched her escort the two women to the restroom must surely
know what had happened in there.  Now she was a piss drinker, she thought.   How
low could she go?  But, she told herself, it didn't matter.  It wasn't about
her.




CHAPTER 29 Henry's Choice

Karen was genuinely happy when they returned home to find that henry and amy had
achieved their goal of "riding" sixty miles.  Though both of them looked worn
out from the effort, she could tell by the glint in henry's eyes that he was
looking forward to something.  Given that he was rarely of any use sexually to
Tawny and that she did not often permit him to have a good fuck, Karen knew he
would be more than ready to perform despite his exhausting physical effort. 

Pig was looking a bit used up, as well.  It glistened with sweat.  The effort of
keeping it's position required significant, ongoing effort.  The alternative was
to have the nose ring ripped out if the pig lost it's balance or gave up the
effort.  Karen was confident the little cocktail she had injected into it a few
hours earlier had worn off, which was okay, especially for what she had in mind. 
You never know, though.  Henry might surprise her and choose option number two,
which she hadn't thought of yet. 



Tawny took the chair she had spent much of the morning in, anxious for the gift
of pig's virginity that Karen had promised her.  She hoped the show would be
worthwhile, but was concerned that so much had been taken out of pig that it
would be wasted.  She had pulled slut by the wrist over to the chair and had,
for the time being, chosen to use her as an ottoman.  She did ensure slut could
see pig by facing her in that direction.  Just to make sure she had slut's
attention she leaned forward to push the micro miniskirt up over her ass, then
explored her cunt for the first time.  It was wet, to be sure, and carried a
taste and aroma that was not at all offensive.  Tawny found the cunt well used
but responsive.  She was particularly pleased by the long, fat clit that she
thought might be a miniature version of slut's freakish nipples.  She took a few
minutes to stroke it as though it were a little penis.  She stopped when she
thought slut might be getting too close.



Karen ordered amy to the bar to mix a couple of drinks, then told henry to
strip.  She never failed to appreciate his body.  She didn't have to remind
herself that she was long past due for a nice ride on his hard eleven inch cock. 
It was a personal challenge to be able to take all of it one day.  Tonight,
though, that beautiful cock would be put to other uses. 



Henry had been extensively trained.  Tawny didn't need a hard cock most of the
time, and so had arranged for henry's ability to gain an erection to be
predicated on a keyword that only worked in combination with her own voice.  It
had been done hypnotically, by a friend of hers in Marsaille. Tawny looked up at
Karen, with her eyebrows raised, silently asking if her friend wanted the cock
hard.  Karen smiled back at her.

"Majestic", Tawny said plainly.  Instantly, henry's cock began to swell.



"Well, if that's not an appropriate keyword, I don't know what is!", Karen
laughed.  She was amazed at how quickly the thing hardened to it's full length. 
She stepped over to henry and reached for his cock. Henry's girth was such that
she could not touch her thumb with any of her fingers when she took hold of him. 
He was in his "present" position; legs spread slightly and his hands placed at
the small of his back.  She spent a few minutes getting reaquainted with her
favorite penis in the whole world.  She always liked and appreciated that it was
completely hairless, smooth, and silky to the touch.  It was perfectly straight
and only slightly tapered from base to tip, and crowned by a well formed, bright
pink, helmet-shaped head that was so large that it was about all any of the
slaves she had seen suck henry could get past their lips.  "How long has it
been, henry?", Karen asked in a sultry voice, stroking the underside of his
neglected tool.

"Two months, sixteen days, M'Lady.", henry answered anxiously.

"That long?", Tawny interjected, feigning surprise.  "Who knew?"

"You poor, poor thing, henry.  Well, I told you there would be a reward if you
could go the distance on the bike, and you certainly have."  Karen accepted a
gin and tonic from amy, who then took one over to Tawny.  "So, now it's down to
which of two choices you are going to make.  Let's see...choice number one could
be...", Karen glanced at Tawny and winked.  "...oral sex only, from Lizbeth,
morning, noon, and night...for a week?" 



Tawny smiled, nodding.  She knew Lizbeth was a frustration for henry.  Her
little mouth simply couldn't accommodate him and she never seemed to quite grasp
what he needed to be satisfied. 



"...or, you take pig's virginity in a way that satisfies your Mistress, and get
unlimited use of slut here for twenty-four hours."



Oh, yessss.  Slut thought.  Oh, no.  pig was still her sister, wasn't she?  How
could she be so very low as to wish...she wanted that cock.  Yes, she wanted
that huge cock. 



Henry had placed his right hand  over his mouth, requestiing permission to
speak.  When Karen nodded, he asked "Does M'Lady want pig's virginity taken
front and back?" 

"Of course.  Why not?"  Karen answered without hesitation. 

Henry requested to speak again.  When Karen nodded, he chose to take pig's
virginity. 

Karen took her seat, leaving henry where he stood and telling the now idle amy
to untie pig's nose ring from the twine.  As soon as this was done, pig
collapsed backward onto the floor, breathing heavily.  It couldn't move much at
all with it's ankles bound to it's thighs and it's arms tied together all the
way up to it's elbows behind it's back.  It had understood what had been said
about it, Karen knew, and it was frantic to avoid being impaled on the huge
cock.  It rocked side to side, then seemed to be trying to shuffle itself toward
the door.  With it's tongue ring still tied off to it's nipple rings, it
couldn't move it's head much and really looked rather funny to Karen.  It was
too dumb to know when it had faced futility.  It was to be a lesbian virgin no
longer.

Karen next ordered amy to spit on the pig's cunt to lubricate it for henry, then
to come to her.  Amy spat large gobs of saliva onto the still distended little
hole and moved quickly to Karen.  Karen had amy strip out of the athletic bra
and little white bike shorts, then kneel next to her.  "When henry brings the
pig over, it will be your job to position his cock head at pig's cunt.", Karen
whispered.

"henry, lift the pig up by it's armpits and carry it over here."

Henry moved quickly.  He was more than strong enough to hold the little pig up,
even as it struggled and swung it's hips from side to side, hoping to keep him
from finding it's cunt.  When he was positioned in front of and between the two
Mistresses, amy crawled forward and knelt up, taking hold of his cock with her
left hand. 



Pig continued to struggle, so amy simply reached up with her right hand and
grasped the pig's cunt.  This had the desired effect, and amy gradually moved
the cock and cunt closer together until she got the head positioned just at the
entrance of the little pink hole.  She couldn't speak without permission, but
she hoped henry understood that he needed to get himself inside the cunt just a
bit before she let go. 



Henry looked expectantly at Miss Karen.  He was ready.  She looked over at her
friend, who had already pulled her dress up and was casually stroking herself. 
"henry, I don't want you to thrust or push down on the pig just yet.  I want you
to drop the pig onto your cock and allow gravity to do the work.  On three. 
One, two, three!"



The sunroom filled with the most horrific, animal-like keening that either Tawny
or Karen had ever heard.  It was delicious!  Karen's nipples seemed harden
instantly.  She pulled amy over between her legs and guided the girl's head up
under her dress. 

Pig's cunt had dropped only about three inches, little more than enough to take
in the head of henry's monster prick.  It was stretched beyond what seemed
possible.  The creature's entire body writhed in pain as it was held, impaled on
an organ that it had no use for, or interest in.  It clenched it's cunt with all
it's might to keep itself from being further rent.  It wanted nothing other than
for the intruder to be removed.  It wanted it's cunt to stay as it was, in it's
natural state. 

Slut felt Miss Tawny's left foot move from her back to her left shoulder.  She
was being turned to face Miss Tawny.  When she was completely turned around,
Miss Tawny spread her legs widely and moved her hips down to the forward edge of
the seat cushion.  Could it be?  Slut thought.  Might I get so service Miss
Tawny?  Yes!  She was being gently pulled by her ears into Miss Tawny's dark,
smooth cunt.  Ohhhh, she smelled soooo good.  Miss Tawny lifted her legs up over
slut's shoulders, holding her head between them, and rested her feet on slut's
ass.  Slut extended her tongue and slowly, very gently began to part Miss
Tawny's delicate lips with it. slut was ecstatic to finally have her chance to
serve a pussy rather than a cunt, and she would not make a mistake.  She would
service this pussy just as Miss Karen had trained her to do on pig's cunt. 

A brief, shallow wave of guilt had washed over slut at the sound of her former
adoptive sister being dropped onto the huge dick, but the sight of the massive
cock and it's egg-sized balls had distracted her from any further concern.  That
cock and balls would be using her for the next twenty-four hours, she would be
slave to a slave.  Her cunt was oozing down over her thighs already, and she
wished she could pinch her distended nipples.  She passed her tongue up the
length of Miss Tawny's delectable slit, finding the hard nub of her clit to
circle and suck a bit before going back down again.



Karen waited for what seemed an eternity.  The pig was determined to keep henry
from fucking it.  Karen had thought it's earlier exertions would have made such
an effort impossible due to lack of energy, but the pig was either in better
shape than she thought, or it was a more stubborn animal than anticipated.  Pig
had stopped squeeling but was grunting and groaning a bit in it's struggle.
Karen was not surprised that pig's silence training had taken a step back. 
These things happen.  Maybe she should have put the collar back on it for this
event, but she hadn't thought of it.  She appreciated pig's noise in these
circumstances, anyway.  Maybe she would have Tawny's doctor friend sever it's
vocal cords at some point in the future.  That was really the best way.   As amy
worked her pussy over in a most expert way, Karen motioned for henry to raise
the pig up just a bit, then motioned for him to drop it again.

"Aha!", Karen exclaimed.  "That little cunt can take more!"  It had dropped now
more than four inches, and Karen surmised that pig was now being supported by
it's still intact hymen.  The animal was squeeling as though it were, anyway. 
Karen thought it would be a disappointment for Tawny if the hymen were to give
way slowly, so she motioned for henry to lift the pig up again.  "This time,
henry, drop and thrust.  I want you to blow through the pig's virginity all at
once."  Henry nodded.  He dropped and thrust. 

Karen and Tawny were both surprised at how much more of the cock disappeared
into the little cunt.  The pig had been so jolted by the pain that it had lost
it's ability to make any noise at all.  It was screaming silently, hissing. 
It's head lolled from side to side, cruelly pulling it's nipple rings and
tongue.  Karen knew the hymen was gone, and expected to see blood as soon as
henry lifted the creature again.  She estimated he had gotten eight inches into
pig, and was eager to see him drive it in to the hilt.   First she would wait
until pig's cunt had begun to stretch out to accept the huge shaft. 

Karen looked over at Tawny, who seemed to be enjoying slut's services.  "How is
she?", Karen asked seriously. 



"Good.  She's good.  Especially for a cockhound.  You trained her well, as
usual."




"She licked on pig's cunt for hours and hours, didn't you, slut?"

slut was in pussy heaven.  It was a place she never thought she'd be.  She
wondered if she were still a cockhound.  Probably.  She was worshipping the fine
pussy of Miss Tawny and hated to stop, even just to answer, "Yeth, Mith Karen."

"You know how sexy I think this one is.  It's a turnon just to watch her, so you
know I'm loving this!", Tawny added. 

They both turned their attentions back to the pig and henry.  Karen chuckled a
bit.  Pig was breathing in rapid, short bursts, as though she were in labor. 
"Now henry, lift it up all the way to the top, and when you drop it this time I
want you to pull down on it and to thrust.  You need to hit bottom this time." 

As pig's cunt once again slid up the pole that was embedded in it, it left
behind rivulets of dark virgin blood that tricked down over henry's balls and
dripped to the floor.  Knowing what was coming, pig began to pant more loudly,
adding a bit of whimpering between breaths.  When henry had the pig almost all
the way to the top again, he rotated his hips back so that he could thrust
upward at the perfect time.  Digging his fingers into pig's flesh under it's
armpits, he looked to Miss Karen to indicate he was ready.  She winked.

henry pulled down with all his strength while quickly shifting his hips to
produce a strong upward thrust that would, and did, result in the complete
encasement of his huge cock inside the pig's body.  It felt wonderful,
especially as the pig struggled and twitched.  Henry had been watching it's eyes
roll around like some sort of animal in a panic.  This time it's eyes rolled
completely back so that, for a few seconds, he saw nothing but white.  Before he
had a chance to worry that something had gone wrong, the eyes rolled back down
and returned to their frantic searching mode that told him the creature was, if
not okay, reacting properly under the circumstances. 




Karen smiled to herself, thinking it quite an accomplishment to have buried
eleven inches of cock in a petite sized virgin cunt in only three tries.  Even
she hadn't been able to take it all, try as she might.  "Walk around the house a
bit henry, but be sure to stay off the carpeting.  I want pig to stretch out a
bit before you take it's ass. 

Tawny had grabbed Karen's hand tightly.  "That was great!  Thank you!"

"My pleasure.  I enjoyed it too."

"Do you mind if I take this one to bed tonight?", Tawny asked.  Karen could
always tell when she was close to an orgasm.

"Well, that might upset henry, and we like to keep our promises, right?"

Tawny pouted like a little girl.  It was cute.  "I guess so.", she said.

"How about me and you take amy to bed?"

Tawny liked that idea.  It was a king bed, and if it got too crowded she could
just move amy to the guest bedroom or the floor.  "Okay.", she answered.  Placed
two fingers on slut's forehead and pushed back.  She didn't want to touch the
hair she had pissed on.  "Too fast, slut.  Slow down."

Slut was cresfallen that she had to be corrected.  But, there was nothing to
indicate that Miss Tawny was unhappy or frustrated.  Maybe that would be all
there was to it, unless she made another mistake.  She slowed her pace and
avoided direct contact with Miss Tawny's clit, carefully making her feel good
without building her level of excitement any further. 



When henry returned, Karen told him to cut all of the twine and rope from the
pig so that it would be completely unbound.  He lifted the creature up off his
massive staff and Karen saw with some satisfaction that pig's hole was quite a
bit larger now than it had been a few minutes ago.  More blood oozed from it and
ran slowly down pig's thighs. 

Pig would be in significant pain from being bound for so long, and it would take
the creature quite some time to get the feeling back in it's hands and feet. 
Karen was not concerned that it might try to escape.  She wanted it to have some
ability to move for the next act in the evening's entertainment.  Henry had cut
the twine binding it's tongue ring to it's nipple rings and laid pig on it's
belly.  He had cut the ropes binding it's limbs and left it there until Karen
gave him something more to do.  She thought of having him wash the blood off his
cock but decided that cock cleaning was something slut would be happy to do,
especially after he had taken pig in the ass. 

She directed him to retrieve a bottle of lubricant and to coat his penis with
it.  She wondered if it would even be physically possible for him to fit himself
into pig's ass, and knew it would not happen without adequate lubrication. 

Rather than allow henry to be idle, Karen had him stroke that nice cock of his
until the pig had begun to recover.  Karen and Tawny were more than content to
have slut and amy continue to keep their embers hot while awaiting the encore
presentation.  "henry,", Karen began after about ten minutes, "you performed
very well in breaking pig's cunt in for us.  Now, you are free to take the pig
in it's ass." 

Pig had begun to stir, and had gotten itself up onto all fours by the time Karen
gave henry his new instructions.  Of course, she had spoken clearly and slowly
so that the pig could understand as well.  Pig had understood, and was already
whimpering and trying to crawl off down the hallway.  Tawny laughed out loud as
henry pounced on it, lifting it by it's hips to carry it back.

"Gee henry.  You could at least give the little pig a head start!"

henry smiled in return, his huge, glistening cock swaying menacingly between his
legs. 

Pig had begun to crawl off again, and this time henry pulled it back and did not
let go of it's hips.  He knelt behind it, anxious to get his raging hard cock
into anything warm and tight.  Pig struggled briefly, until henry reached under
it and shoved his fingers rudely into it's bleeding, stretched cunt and forced
his thumb deep into it's little pink asshole.  Now that he had a grip on the
pig's cunt and ass, it settled down quickly.  This gave henry the opportunity to
push down on it's upper back with his left hand, until pig pressed it's head and
shoulders to the floor.  It was sobbing loudly now, understanding that it was in
for another harrowing experience.  Henry kicked pig's knees out wider and eased
himself up into position.  Then, he began to slide the thumb in and out very
slowly.  Soon he seemed to be rotating it in a complete circle, obviously doing
his best to loosen pig's sphincter to the point that he thought he could at
least try to get his huge rod started into it. 



"You know, I think maybe you ought to have slut here made into a forty-four
double d.  The more I see of her the more I think bigger tits would become her. 
I just don't know that forty double d would be enough.", Tawny commented.



"I agree.  As long as they aren't so large that she can't work.", Karen replied.




Slut continued to lick Miss Tawny's pussy earnestly, concentrating on doing it
just right.  The thought of having big tits had begun to sink in.  Thought of
looking like a "born to fuck" nymphomaniacal whore was beginning to appeal to
her.  All who saw her would know...what...she...wanted.



Henry had repositioned himself with his knees resting on the back of pig's legs. 
There was no sense in giving it a chance to scurry off.  He took hold of it by
grabbing a handflull of flesh on it's left hip, then on it's right.  His huge
cockhead was poised at the entrance of the little pink hole, anxious to begin
it's job of creating passage for itself.  The creature stiffened.  Henry felt
it's little anus push back on him.  He had been assfucked, and still was when it
suited Miss Tawny or one of her acquantances.  He knew what it was like the
first time, and he empathized with the worthless pig.  But his instructions and
his need outweighed any conisderation he might extend to the poor thing.  So, he
began to push.



Pig's mind was a blur.  She had been brutally raped in her cunt and had not at
all recovered from that and now this huge cock was trying to fuck her ass and
everyone was sort of just watching like this happened every day and she didn't
understand why everything was so confusing and why she felt so dumb but so horny
all the time and knew if only she was good she wouldn't be tormented and if she
could only just be put in her hut for the night now she might be okay in a day
or two but this..."Mmmmsssssssssssssaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhg!", pig cried aloud
as the huge cock pushed into her ass it hurt so bad and was so nasty and dirty
and why would anyone hurt her like this and it was soo..."Oooooooooofffff?", she
grunted as the man pushed hungrily into her bowels and she cramped and it hurt
and...



Henry was enthusiastic.  His first push had gotten the head in successfully, and
it felt wonderful.  He wanted more, but knew the key was timing and steady
pressure.  He waited twenty or thirty seconds more then pushed in with his hips
and pulled back on the pig's flanks.  He managed another inch or so. 



"Have you every been fucked in the ass?", Miss Tawny asked casually, watching
henry.

"No way!  You?", Karen answered conversationally.

"Well..."

"You're kidding!  Did you like it?"

"Maybe just a teensy bit.", Tawny giggled.  The wine over dinner and the gin and
tonic she was drinking now were giving her a little buzz.  "I have my girls and
henry work on my little behind sometimes.  Right amy?"

amy lifted her head from between Miss Karen's legs.  Her face glistening with
Miss Karen's juices, amy answered "Yes, M'Lady."

"Hmm.  I never would have guessed."



Henry drove home another two inches, then began to saw his huge log in and out
of the distended hole.  Just a little at first, then all the way back to the rim
of his cock head and back in again.  With each forward thrust, he would try to
gain another half inch, so that he was literally fucking his way deeper and
deeper into pig.  Pig either grunted or squeeled in rhythym with his pumping,
but was no longer attempting to escape.  He continued his grip on it's hips to
ensure it didn't get any ideas.

Now he was halfway into the hot, tight creature, and wondered if it could take
much more than a total of eight.  That was typically his limit.  He pushed
steadily forward until the pig's animalistic protestations jumped in intensity. 
Henry considered that he had probably found his reasonable depth, and mentally
marked that point on his cock where he had hit bottom.  Now it was time to ream
the pig, and to give his big cock a bit of real fun.  Henry pistoned his well
lubed, reddened cock a full seven inches in and out of the tiny asshole for at
least ten minutes.  He enjoyed every second of it.  Unfortunately, he was not
permitted to have orgasms unless given specific permission.  That permission
hadn't been given.  His duty now was to fuck pig's ass and that was exacty what
he was doing. 

Karen glanced over at Tawny.  "I'm bored with this.  You want him to cum or
what?"

"Oh, no.  of course not.  I am surprised pig didn't put up more of a fight for
her ass."

"Wiped out, I guess."

"Yes. I can see that."

"Do we have time for the tattoo?  Did you bring your stuff?", Karen asked.

"Sure.  What do you want done?"

"You know, the symetrical kind of symbol that all the teenage girls have to have
just above their asses.  Ribbons or something."

"I know what you mean.  I can do that.  Want it to say anything?"

"Sure.  Could you center "slut" in it, all lower case letters?"

"No problem.  Let's get to it."

"I have a good idea.  Let's have her lick henry while you do it."



Soon enough, pig was returned to it's hut in the garage.  It spent the night
taking in the pungent aroma of female arousal that emanated from the still damp
rabbit skin that had been placed inside.  It was a tonic to it as it cried
itself to sleep. 




Slut could not understand why she was so willing to have her skin marked
permanently with her name, especially in a location where it might be seen in
public.  She supposed the lure of servicing henry's cock might have had
something to do with it.  She was unbelievably horny.  She wanted cum down her
throat.  She closed her eyes briefly and relished the thought of the salad at
the restaurant.  The cum dressing had been wonderful, and she could still feel
it's essence on the back of her throat and in the crevices of mouth. 

The next two hours were characterized by constant licking and sucking of the
most beautiful cock she had every seen, the incessant buzzing of the tattoo
needle, and the quite unexpected pain of the process.  Miss Tawny took liberties
with her cunt and even her ass while she worked, which slut did not mind one
bit.  It was okay.  Everything always turned out okay.  As long as she didn't
think. 




CHAPTER 30


slut awoke that morning as she had for the previous several days.  lizbeth,
still under the cloud of haughtiness that Miss Karen had perceived, had been
assigned a number of duties that kept her busy from predawn until well after
dark.  Among those duties was awakening slut by opening the dog cage and
stroking her sex until she was wet.  It was a torment for slut, but a delicious
one.  They weren't permitted to speak, and so slut could simply remain bound, as
she was each night inside the cage, and enjoy the moment, brief as it was. 

lizbeth and slut had formed a sort of sympathetic friendship ever since the day
they had been bound together and ordered to remain "mouth to cunt" on the
concrete floor of the garage.  Sharing such experiences tends to create
kinships, and slut felt very much like a sister to lizbeth even though their
contacts were brief and mainly silent. 

slut was the first of the household property to be awakened each morning. 
lizbeth was on a strict timeline and had to next awaken amy in precisely ten
minutes.  This would allow slut to stretch a bit, then awaken pig and take it
out into the back yard where slut would first prepare herself for the day, then
pig.  amy would have ten minutes to clean up and prepare for the day by using
the powder room off the garage before henry was to have access to it. 

amy typically slept in Miss Karen's master bedroom, either at the foot of the
bed or between the mistresses.  lizbeth had whispered to slut at one point that
amy could be trusted not to announce any timing errors on her part as long as
she wasn't put in a position that it would be obvious she was in collusion with
lizbeth.

Though lizbeth would not risk taking advantage of amy's trust for more than just
a few minutes each morning, it did afford her some extra time to spend alone
with slut.  slut knew that lizbeth savored those minutes as they represented the
only seconds of any given day that she had any control over anything. 

Sometimes lizbeth would rush her own preparations in the powder room to gain a
couple of minutes, then delay awakening amy for a couple of minutes, thereby
giving herself as many as five or six minutes with slut.  This only worked when
amy slept on the floor rather than in the bed with the mistresses.  The risk
that one of them might awaken and take note of the time as amy climbed out of
bed was much too high.  As a result, lizbeth's opportunities could not be
predicted.

slut came to understand lizbeth to be a very giving person, as most mornings
started with lizbeth bringing her to the brink of orgasm before releasing her
from the cage.  While her instructions were only to get slut wet before
releasing her, taking it just one step further would not be likely to result in
punishment, mainly because it would be difficult to prove.  It would be an
entirely different circumstance if lizbeth were caught receiving pleasure, or
permitting slut to enjoy an orgasm.  

Though it was forbidden and caused a great deal of anxiety in both of them when
it happened, every few days lizbeth would take a chance by kissing slut
passionately after releasing her from the cage.  slut looked forward to those
moments.  She fully understood that she had transcended from being a strict
heterosexual who had been forced into lesbian practices, to being bisexual. 
Being kissed by lizbeth had become the high point of her day, when it happened. 
She longed for it.  lizbeth had taught her to accept her tongue, and to allow it
free reign in her mouth.  She was permitted to suck it and to tease it with her
own tongue, but was to remain submissive even in receiving kisses.

This morning lizbeth must have checked to see that amy was sleeping on the floor
at the foot of Miss Karen's bed, because she was spending more than the usual
amount of time warming slut's cunt up for the day.  slut could not help but moan
softly at the gentle stroking of her hardened clit.  After a few minutes,
lizbeth whispered very quietly, "You are to be sent off for your modifications
tomorrow.  I will miss you."

slut had gotten accustomed to the piercing Miss Karen had installed in her
tongue, but would likely never be able to speak normally again.  "What
modificathuns?", she whispered back, nervously. 

"Lips, breasts, nipples.  Your clitoris is to be exposed, too!"

lizbeth's tone was not alarming at all, but enthusiastic.

"Expothed?"

"Yes.  You'll be deliciously tormented every day that you live afterward!"

"Ethpothed?", slut asked, still confused.

"Yes, silly!  A doctor will remove all of the flesh surrounding this big, hard
clitoris of yours so that it is always available to your owners!"

"Ownerth?", slut asked, perplexed by the use of the plural.

"Enough now.  Be quiet.   Just remember all will be well.  I will see you in a
few weeks."  lizbeth then began unlocking slut's wrists from her ankles.

slut was weak in the knees when lizbeth helped her out of the cage and into a
standing position.  It was pitch black, as it always was at five o'clock in the
morning in that garage.  lizbeth pecked slut on her lips before turning away to
go awaken amy. 

slut began her day by awakening pig and removing it from it's hut.  The last
several days had been difficult ones for pig, and today was to be no exception. 
Miss Tawny had decided to use pig as a human canvas and had been working on a
tattoo mural that had already covered nearly all of the creature's back.  The
final result was to be a gift to Miss Karen, so pig needed to be cleaned and
prepared quickly so that slut could secure it in the guest bedroom before either
of the mistresses awoke.  Miss Tawny had been spending as much as five hours a
day working on her project, but since she preferred to work when the mood struck
her, pig needed to be ready at all times. 

henry had put pig away the evening before, so slut hadn't seen the results of
the previous day's session on pig's back.  Not that it mattered.  While slut was
curious to see how the work was progressing, she was so distracted by lizbeth's
comments about being sent away for modifications to her body that she could
barely think.  Each time she convinced herself that her new life had settled
into a sort of routine that she could cope with, something always happened that
made it even worse.  Or, better.  She couldn't decide and knew it was best not
to think, but to do.  She led pig out into the back yard for their morning
preparation.  The sun had not yet begun to rise.



Karen stretched, slowly awakening from a deep and restful sleep.  amy was softly
kissing her breasts, which was yet another of the many things Karen had counted
among those she would miss most when she returned to duty.  Having the slaves
awaken you as you specify certainly tends to put a positive spin on the day to
come, she thought.  Without opening her eyes, she felt for Tawny.  Finding the
bed empty, she pulled amy atop her to continue working on her breasts.  Karen
had grown very fond of amy.  She was a waifish little wisp of a thing - one of
those girls that could easily be overlooked.  But she was perfectly
proportioned, cute, and very sexy.  She was just small.  Karen liked small. 
Well, she liked cute and sexy, too.  She smiled to herself, guiding amy's lips
to her hard left nipple. 

"My my!", Tawny exclaimed when she entered the bedroom.  "Leave them alone for a
second and they forget all about you!"

"Bitch.", Karen groaned sleepily.  "Ruining my fun again."  She kept her hands
on amy's head, ensuring she did not stop.  "Why don't you just run along and
draw pictures on pig?"

"Oh.  Now I'm really hurt.  I had hoped you'd beg me to join you!", Tawny
answered sarcastically.  "You'll be so happy when you see the finished work."

"Uh huh.  I'm sure of that because it has to be good enough to justify how much
precious time you're spending working on it.  I leave in a week, you know."

Tawny had moved over next to the bed.  Karen finally opened her eyes to see her
beautiful friend leaning over her, then opened her mouth to accept her kiss. 
Tawny was fresh out of the shower, and she smelled great.  He hair was still
damp as it dangled down over Karen's neck and shoulders.  It tickled.  She
accepted her friend's sensuously probing tongue, allowing it to explore the
familiar territory of her mouth.  Karen moaned softly.  She would miss Tawny's
kisses, too.  Karen felt her desire growing, and spread her knees out to allow
amy to settle in between them.  amy knew just what to do, and placed her smooth
sex directly over Mistress Karen's, just as she liked it.  amy was a quick
study, and had learned the nuances of Karen's body.  She knew when to take
things further and when to draw them out, when to tease and when to drive Karen
over the edge.  Karen enjoyed every aspect of the little cunt, and briefly
thought about how very much she would miss amy when she left.  But, the thought
vanished when amy began to suck Karen's nipple between her teeth.  Karen pushed
her hips upward, pressing her pussy firmly against the little waif's cunt, and
began to hump her.  By now she was sucking Tawny's tongue as though it were a
cock, giving herself completely over to the wave of sensations that the two sexy
women were giving her.  She pushed amy's head over to her right breast and felt
the hot wetness of amy's little mouth suckling and nibbling on her nipple.  Now
amy was in rhythm with her humping.  Together they were producing a soft, wet,
smacking sound each time their mounds collided.  Tawny was fucking her mouth
with her tongue.  Karen relished the submissiveness of accepting her friend's
tongue as she was.   They had never finally resolved which of the two of them
was the more dominant, and had come to a common understanding that they could
both switch according to their own needs. 

Karen's lust was growing beyond the point of suppressing it, and she had no
desire to spend the morning dallying in bed with amy when she was already so
excited.   amy knew what to do, and Karen pushed down on the girl's shoulders to
place her head where it needed to be.  Amy reacted quickly, sliding down between
Mistress Karen's trim legs to do the duty so loved so much.  Tawny filled the
void by gripping Karen's hardened nipples between her fingers and pulling
roughly on them.  This happened just as amy's little mouth began nipping and
biting at her sopping pussy.  It might have been a damned unpleasant experience
for most women, but was one of Karen's preferred means of reaching the ultimate
climax.  She bit down on Tawny's tongue, refusing to let go of it as her friend
dug her nails into her nipples and breasts, raking crimson trails over and
across them with complete abandon.  Amy bit at Karen's clit and missed, then
searched out and found an outer lip to grip between her teeth.  It was a game of
control, and she needed to control the pussy long enough to get her mouth firmly
centered over the clit to bring about the desired result.  Unable to use her
hands, she had to bite and hold Mistress Karen's pussy to steady it long enough
to make another attempt to capture the hard red nub.  She had been gradually
trained to understand that she needed to be rough; rougher even than Mistress
Karen might anticipate, as long as the level of desire was strong enough to
carry it.  amy growled deeply, genuinely feeling the animal come out in her as
she sucked and bit at more and more of the stretched labia of the beautiful
friend of her owner.  Karen cried out.  It was a quick whimper, completely
involuntary.  Amy felt she had her captured, as her hips quit moving and
everything seemed to stop momentarily.  She bit harder, sucking in even more of
the delectable flesh, and was rewarded by a second cry.  She was not moving at
all now.  Quick as a cat, amy instantaneously released the labia and moved her
lips up to suck in all of the flesh surrounding the hard little clit.  Karen's
body shuddered quickly, but was again stilled as amy sucked in and held more and
more of the tasty meat that surrounded Mistress Karen's pleasure button.  She
had her just where she knew Mistress Karen wanted to be, caught in a vice-like
grip between her teeth. The rest would be easy, as long as she could inflict
enough pain to keep the pussy still.



It was a pure torment for poor lizbeth to prepare breakfast accompanied by the
sounds that were coming from the Mistresses' bedroom.  She had been forbidden
clothes other than the spiked sandals they had specified that she wear.  There
was no hiding her desire.  Her cunt had always betrayed her in such ways as now. 
Her thighs were wet and her mound swollen and slightly pink.  If only she could
steal a stroke or two for herself...but to be caught!  That would be terrible. 
The wrath of Mistress Karen was not to be trifled with.  She tried to force the
sounds of wanton pleasure from her mind; to concentrate on making sure
everything was just so.  It didn't work though.  She had never heard Mistress
Karen in such a state.  It was from just such occasions that the diminutive amy
had become the most influential among Mistress Tawny's properties. 

lizbeth glanced across the dining room to henry, who was setting the table for
Mistress Karen's breakfast.  She immediately felt embarrassed and a little
ashamed.  Henry gave no sign that he was even aware of what was happening just
down the hallway.  He was so...professional.  lizbeth admired henry for that. 
Though she more than preferred women, she did appreciate henry's lean body.  He
moved well and looked quite natural in nothing more than a tank top and thong. 
She turned to focus on polishing the silverware. 



slut had prepared herself and pig for the day, then waited patiently until
lizbeth opened the sliding door to allow her to bring the animal inside.  They
exchanged a knowing and lustful glance before slut moved off toward Miss Tawny's
temporary tattoo studio, the guest bedroom.   She led pig on the leash into the
room and strapped it tightly, face down,  to the table Miss Tawny had installed
there for the purpose.  With all of it's limbs outstretched to opposite corners
and it's head, waist, elbows, and knees secured, the creature could not move
beyond breathing.  After ensuring that the bindings were tight enough, slut
stepped back to get a look at her former little sister's back.  Miss Tawny
obviously was a considerable talent.  slut had admired the mural as it had taken
shape across pig's back, and looked forward to the added details everyday.  It
made slut wet to look at it, and to think about what it meant for pig's future.

The tattoo was an entirely accurate and realistic, though stylized, portrait of
Miss Tawny and Miss Karen in a lewd embrace, with each stroking the other's
pussy as they French kissed.  slut could not imagine how she had gotten the
likenesses so perfectly unless she had somehow projected a photograph onto pig's
back to trace.  Regardless, once the basic form of the mistresses in the embrace
was complete, the details around them were what made the mural such a lurid and
depraved work.  Each little mini-scene depicted one or more women in some
variety of distress.  slut noted one illustration that even seemed to be a
depiction of her on the "humping bar".  Another looked to be a recounting of
lizbeth's time on that wicked "tara" device.  There were others.  Many others. 
slut could not take the time that she wanted to look pig's back over completely. 
Nearly three quarters of her back was covered in ink, and it was obvious to slut
that the design involved much more skin than had already been used.  pig's
original floral tattoos around her shoulders were perfectly blended into the
overall design.  Miss Tawny had repeated the floral theme down the sides of
pig's back. 

she was startled by what she knew to be Miss Karen's orgasmic screams.  slut
remained somewhat envious of amy for her ability to do that to Miss Karen.  It
was also quite a mystery as slut had never been given the privilege of
witnessing Miss Karen have that sort of a climax.  she moved quickly to the
kitchen, where she assumed her position to await further instructions. 



After her body had finally stopped shuddering, Karen blurted out, "I want this
bitch.  What do I have to do to get her from you?"  She pulled her knees out a
bit wider to allow amy to probe her pussy more deeply.  It was their ritual. 
After the "big "O", Karen liked to be licked all over down there, including
inside.  amy was incredible.  Karen no longer wanted to share her.

"What about me?", Tawny replied casually.  "You won't have any use for me with
that little thing between your legs twenty-four seven."  She pushed off the bed
and stood next to it, pouting. 

For a moment Karen thought she was serious, but when their eyes met, Tawny
winked.  "Cunt!", Karen laughed.



Slut heard the shower running and correctly assumed Miss Karen was being bathed
by amy.  Miss Tawny had entered the dining room wearing a short black silk robe
and had spent a few minutes sipping the cup of tea Lizbeth had prepared for her. 
She flipped through the morning paper and munched on a peeled, sliced apple.

Slut had gotten accustomed to holding her position for extended periods of time
when she was not being used.  Though the inactivity grated on her, it did serve
to keep her mindful of her status.  This, in turn, tended to keep her aroused. 
She stole little glances between Miss Tawny's legs, hopeful that they would be
opened to her today. 

henry had been sent off for his morning exercise session.  slut could hear the
stair stepper pumping away in the sunroom.  They were all required to spend
thirty to forty minutes each day on it.  In some ways slut missed the ability to
go outside for a run.  For whatever reason, Miss Karen had begun to keep her
inside or in the back yard after the garage sale in which she had been made to
sell off all of her possessions.  She remembered with mixed feelings those long,
stressful runs under a tight deadline in those little outfits.  She had been
through so much since that day when her...normal life...had been turned on it's
head.

"Is pig ready?", Miss Tawny finally asked, carefully folding the newspaper and
placing it next to where Miss Karen would sit for her breakfast. 

"Yeth, M'Wady.", slut answered.  She had been instructed to address Miss Tawny
in the manner that she preferred.  slut had found it difficult at first, but had
finally begun to appreciate the formality of it.  It was a classier way of
acknowledging a mistress.

"What do you think of my artwork?"  Mistress Tawny turned to look at slut for
the first time that morning.

"It'th vewy beautiful, M'Wady.", slut answered.

"Do you think your owner will enjoy it?"

"Oh, yeth, M'Wady."

"I hope so.  Too bad you won't be here to see her reaction."

slut had to be mindful that what lizbeth had told her was strictly confidential. 
She knew Mistress Tawny would be very upset to know she had already been told of
her impending departure.  slut wasn't sure how to answer, so she simply agreed. 
"Yeth, M'Wady."

"Has she told you?"

Keeping her eyes focused on the floor in front of her, she fought through the
tendency to become confused as to who Mistress Tawny was referring to.  If she
had no awareness of lizbeth's advance warning, she would be referring to Miss
Karen. "No, M'Wady."

"Oh.  We've decided to have you improved a bit.  You'll be leaving in the
morning.  I will have someone retrieve you in a few weeks and bring you to my
estate in North Carolina.  I have to pee."

slut reacted without surprise or hesitation.  For the past couple of weeks
Mistress Tawny had been routinely using her mouth as a toilet.  "Yeth, M'Wady.",
she replied as she quickly rose and strode off toward the guest bathroom.  She
knelt on the bathroom floor, facing away from the toilet, and carefully lowered
herself backward until the back of her neck rested on the forward portion of the
toilet seat and her head was suspended over the bowl.  She opened her mouth
widely and froze in position until Mistress Tawny strolled into the bathroom.  
It was good to be used in any way.  slut preferred  to give pleasure in this way
rather than suffering the boredom of being ignored for extended periods of time. 
slut believed Mistress Tawny had completely stopped peeing in toilets and was
now exclusively using her.  Mornings like this were the most difficult because
of the volume of urine Mistress Tawny tended to store overnight and the
requirement that slut not spill a drop of it. 

When Mistress Tawny's beautiful pussy presented itself in front of and above her
mouth, she lifted her head to press her lips against Mistress Tawny to ensure
that she could capture every ounce of the precious golden liquid.  slut would
drink eagerly, gently coaxing the last drops out before carefully licking the
pussy clean and gently blowing on it to dry it.  When through, Mistress Tawny
would simply rise and walk out, prompting slut to return to whatever location
and position she had previously been in.

On that morning, the only difference in what had become a routine activity was
the gnawing fear slut was feeling over the "improvements" that were to be made
to her.  Weren't they assuming a lot?  Couldn't she just...run out?  She was
thinking again.  She knew that nothing but bad things happened when she thought. 

When she returned to her position, lizbeth was told to feed her.  slut's daily
breakfast had consisted of nothing more than a small plastic container full of
some of the cum she had collected over the summer.  It was fed to her simply by
pouring it into her mouth, which lizbeth did.  slut savored the moment, and
deeply appreciated the requirement that she hold it all in her mouth until told
to swallow it.  Though she didn't want to be too obvious about it, she always
slowly swirled it around her mouth, forcing it into every nook and cranny to
ensure that she would be able to enjoy it even after being told to swallow. 
Every feeding caused her cunt to grow hot and her hunger for sexual release to
produce all of the physiological reactions that she no longer had any ability to
control.  She could literally watch her long nipples grow right before her eyes
as the cum triggered whatever mechanism it was inside her that caused such
strong reactions. 

Mistress Tawny was watching her from across the room, casually sipping a fresh
cup of tea that lizbeth had prepared for her.  "Lizbeth.", she said flatly.

"Yes, M'Lady?"

"Check to see if that cum bucket is wet."

lizbeth replied enthusiastically, then reached down between slut's widely spread
thighs and cupped her smooth mound.  slut inhaled deeply, feeling her entire
body quiver in anticipation.  She carefully avoided making eye contact with
lizbeth.  She knew Mistress Tawny was very perceptive and would pick up on any
nuance that passed between them.  lizbeth rather cruelly scraped her thumbnail
over slut's distended clit before pressing her fingers deeply into the hot,
dripping cleft and slowly dragging them upward and, regrettably, out. 

lizbeth held the glistening fingers out toward her Mistress.  "Yes, M'Lady, she
is wet!", she proclaimed. 

"As always.", slut thought. 

"Mmm."  It was a typical acknowledgement from Mistress Tawny.  "How long has it
been since your little infraction, lizbeth?"

lizbeth was hopeful.  If she reacted well, Mistress Tawny might extend her a
kindness.  "I believe three weeks, Mistress."

"Days?"

"Oh, it's been twenty days, Mistress."

slut sensed the anticipation in lizbeth's voice.  She thought Miss Karen would
probably make her wait another three weeks if she heard it.  She didn't know
about Miss Tawny.  She hoped she would be ordered to service lizbeth.  It would
be nice to pay her back for all of the delicious torments she had been suffering
nearly every morning.

"Maybe you could get back into Karen's good graces with a little bit of
entertainment this morning."

lizbeth knew better than to answer a question that hadn't been asked.  All those
years in the boarding school had taught her that.  Mistress Tawny was only
thinking out loud.

slut was ordered onto the table and told to lie on her back.  Mistress Tawny
positioned her so that her head rested at the place setting opposite where
Mistress Karen sat for breakfast.  She pulled her knees widely apart and forced
her lower legs down over either side of the table.  Soon, lizbeth had slut's
ankles tied under the table and her arms bound tightly together at the wrists
and elbows.   She then pulled slut's arms up over her head and down under the
table edge and tied to the rope connecting her ankles. 

"slut, this morning you are going to serve as a bowl.  I want you to remain
perfectly still and to open your mouth as widely as you possibly can.  Do it
now."

slut held her mouth wide open while Mistress Tawny took lizbeth aside and
whispered to her.  slut was very nervous.  She hated pain and knew how much Miss
Karen enjoyed seeing her and others suffer.  To be so lewdly displayed was a
humiliation that she thought she could never get accustomed to.  For all that
she had been through over the summer, she should have been ready for anything. 
But, she was willing to do as she was told, and could only try not to think
about it.  A bowl?  How could she be a bowl?



Karen was delighted to see that a nice surprise had been prepared for her. 
After such an amazing orgasm and a nice, soothing shower with amy, she was
looking forward to breakfast.  Seeing slut tied so severely to the table top was
just the sort of thing Tawny would do to make her happy.  She half wondered why
slut's mouth was open so wide, but decided not to acknowledge it and let things
play out as they might. 

She winked at Tawny, appreciating her sexiness in the little robe.  Karen had
dressed for the morning in a pair of blue shorts and a nice, cool cotton top. 
She hadn't picked out amy's clothes yet.  Something else to look forward to.  In
the meantime she simply pointed to the floor beside the chair that lizbeth was
holding for her, and amy quickly knelt there.

Of course, part of the game involved her acting as though nothing were out of
the ordinary, so that is precisely what she did.  lizbeth served her the usual;
a bowl of fresh fruit and a slice of whole wheat toast along with a nice cup of
steaming hot black coffee.  She began to eat, sneaking bites of fruit to amy
when nobody was looking. 



"Perhaps you might allow lizbeth to join you this morning?", Tawny asked.  "She
has been in the proverbial "dog house" for a long time, you know."


It was just like Tawny to use a little scenario to get the haughty English whore
off her list.  She supposed the punishment had lasted long enough.  "I don't
know about that, but if I have your assurance that she has learned her lesson I
suppose I could give her the benefit of the doubt this time."



"Oh, good!", Tawny exclaimed in an overly enthusiastic tone, causing Karen to
laugh out loud.  "lizbeth, you may have the honor of serving yourself breakfast
this morning at the same table as Mistress Karen."

"Yes.  Thank you, M'Lady.", lizbeth replied quietly.  She turned and opened a
drawer to remove a sandwich bag.  This she carried toward slut and carefully
formed into her gaping mouth.  Retrieving a pair of scissors, she trimmed off
the excess plastic so that it did not extend much beyond slut's lips.  Next she
poured cereal from a box of corn flakes directly into slut's mouth, then
followed up by pouring a liberal amount of lowfat milk over the cereal.  lizbeth
then retrieved a spoon and sat at the table opposite Mistress Karen until
Mistress Tawny told her she could begin to eat. 



Slut now fully understood the meaning of Mistress Tawny's statement about being
a bowl.  She was,  in fact, being used as nothing more than a bowl.  Miss Karen
had treated her as an object  in the past; using her as an end table or foot
stool.  This was different, however.  It was something she had never
considered...to be so wickedly displayed while being used in such a demeaning
way.  It felt to slut as though her nipples and clit might just explode, and she
knew she was humiliating herself by the excessive secretions emanating from her
cunt in direct view of Miss Karen.  It was a terrible and delicious moment.  She
abhorred the treatment while her body reacted  differently.  It was better not
to think about it.  If she was to be a bowl for a few minutes, so what?



lizbeth longed for a chance to send some message to slut that she should remain
calm and trust her.  She knew, however, that there was no way of communicating
that would not be noticed.  She certainly could not afford a second
transgression in the presence of Mistress Karen.  The punishment would be
dreadful.  So, as instructed, she casually reached up with her left hand and
pinched slut's nostrils closed as she scooped the first spoonful of cereal out
of her mouth.  Mistress Tawny''s instructions were that slut was not to breath
as long as lizbeth was chewing.  Once she swallowed, she was permitted to
release her grip on slut's nostrils until she scooped another spoonful of
cereal.  She was very specifically ordered to behave as normally as possible,
and not to chew or swallow too quickly. 

slut's choices were to accommodate circumstances by adjusting her breathing or
to try to spit out the plastic bag and it's contents to enable herself to breath
through her mouth.  She knew the latter would result in swift and relentless
punishment of one kind or another.  She so feared Miss Karen's wrath that,
surprisingly, her first instinct was to remain calm.  She was caught by surprise
and hadn't taken a good breath when lizbeth had pinched her nose, but she tried
not to think about it and simply waited.  Unfortunately,  it did not seem as
though lizbeth were simply holding her nose closed for a few seconds.  She
looked up to see her chewing casually,  fighting her natual tendency to panic
and gasp for air.  Just at the point at which she feared she might begin to lose
it, lizbeth swallowed and released her grip. 

slut inhaled instictively, her chest heaving.  She managed two deep breaths
before seeing the spoon come up and lizbeth's hand descend toward her nose.  She
thought she understood, and was able to calm herself to the point that she
endured the next period of asphyxiation without too much fear.   She blinked the
tears out of her eyes, feeling them run in streams down over the side of her
head to the table.  She hadn't realized how much it hurt that first time, and
was briefly proud that she had endured it beyond the point of pain.  God, she
wanted to be fucked. 



Karen smiled at Tawny.  "Thank you.", she mouthed silently.




CHAPTER 31  All In A Day's Work

After spending time serving as a breakfast cereal bowl for lizbeth, slut was
left on the table for two hours while the household went about it's business. 
She could hear the droning buzz of the tattoo needle in the guest bedroom where
pig was being worked on by Miss Tawny.  lizbeth cleaned up after breakfast and
was allowed to dress for the first time since the awful punishment she had
endured a few weeks earlier.  slut could get a glimpse of her as she moved
around the house, cleaning and doing chores.  She looked cute in the little red
shorts and matching sport bra top.  slut knew the outfit had been chosen by Miss
Karen, and that lizbeth did not feel comfortable in it.

Miss Karen and amy had apparently gone to the sunroom.  Slut could not hear
anything of them.  henry passed through the kitchen a couple of times, fetching
a drink or snack for Miss Karen.   slut wished he could climb up onto the table
and fuck her.  He looked delectable in nothing but the little thong he was
wearing.  Particularly the huge pouch in front and his tight, smooth ass. 

She lie there, bound naked on the kitchen table, wishing to be used in some way. 
Her body remained highly charged and ready for use.  The humiliation she felt on
first being put in the position had long since left her, replaced only by a
wanton desire to give and, hopefully, receive sexual pleasure.  She felt utterly
helpless to control her perpetual appetite for sex, and began to wonder what she
would not do at that point for an orgasm.  Her ass rested in a puddle of the
copius juices that had flowed freely out of her cunt.  Her nipples seemed to
have become fixed in a permanently erect state.  She could only imagine what her
clit looked like, hard and red as she knew it was.  She pondered what was to
become of her.  The things that were to be done to her.  It was all so...unreal,
but,  somehow...it was better not to think.  If being bound on the table was
what her owner wanted of her, she could reconcile hersef to that.  It was a time
to be patient.  A time to hope.

She was startled to hear the door to the guest bedroom open suddenly.  This was
mainly because she had been lost inside her own mind,  visualizing decadent
things.  Things her old self would have abhorred.  She must not have been fully
conscious, but was wide awake now, with Mistress Tawny looking down at her.  She
still wore the little robe.

Miss Tawny wrinkled her nose as though she were a little girl thinking about
something ucky.  She could be pretty and cute at the same time.  "Has anyone
cleaned your mouth yet?"

"No, Mith Tonny.", slut answered.



lizbeth heard her Mistress calling from the kitchen.  She had been cleaning the
inside glass in the sunroom under Mistress Karen's direction while henry cleaned
the outside.  "You may go.", Mistress Karen said.  It would have been a major
mistake for lizbeth to have reacted to the call of one Mistress while following
the instructions of the other.  "Thank you, M'Lady", she answered respectfully
before hurrying off. 



Tawny laughed out loud when she saw lizbeth.  "Very racy, lizbeth.  Just your
style!"  She hadn't seen lizbeth since breakfast and was bemused by the outfit
Karen had chosen.  It couldn't have been more inappropriate to lizbeth's
personality.  It was perfect!
The poor creature looked a bit disheveled, and the wet spot on her crotch more
than proved Karen's genius.  "What have you been doing?"

"This humble servant has been cleaning glass under Mistress Karen's guidance,
M'Lady.", lizbeth blushed. 

"Well, I see it's having an effect on you.  I kind of like the bouncy breasted
air head look for you.  We'll have to explore that when we get home."

"Yes. M'Lady."  lizbeth blanched at the thought.

"Has anyone cleaned slut's mouth yet?"

"No, M'Lady."

"See to it."

"Yes, M'Lady."

In only a few seconds lizbeth was beside slut with a bottle of Listerine. 
"You'll need to hold this in your mouth now, slut.", she said.  slut noted the
condescension in her voice.  It was as though she were talking to a stupid
thirteen year old.  slut held her mouth open just as she had when she had been a
bowl, allowing lizbeth to fill it to the brim with the antiseptic mouthwash.

"Now close your mouth and swirl it around.  Be sure to wash out all of your
little nooks and crannies.", lizbeth instructed.  "No swallowing."

slut could barely close her lips without spilling.  Her mouth was completely
full, but she dutifully swished it around, back and forth, for what seemed an
interminable amount of time.  It had gotten to the point where her mouth was
almost burning, which she supposed was a sign that it was working.  Finally,
lizbeth told her to swallow.  slut had never swallowed mouthwash before.  She
did not want to disobey, though she knew she communicated her hesitancy by
making eye contact with lizbeth.  It was with a sense of disappointment that she
felt the cloying familiarity of the cum that had coated her throat wash away
along with the Listerine. 

lizbeth then retrieved slut's toothbrush and began to brush her teeth using
baking soda, which she sprinkled directly into her mouth.  She was rough and
wholly disinterested in slut's comfort.  Since this had never been done to her
before she assumed it was the way Mistress Tawny wanted it. Surely lizbeth would
have been gentler otherwise.  It was a relief to have it over and be told to
swallow any remaining toothpaste.  Finally she was given a bit of water to swirl
around as a rinse, but told to swallow it as well. 





It was with a great deal of anticipation that slut noticed peripherally that
Mistress Tawny had removed her little silk robe.  She didn't feel it would be
appropriate to turn and look, but so hoped for a chance to lick and suck at her
beautiful breasts.  Anything would be preferable to being bound on the table for
nothing other than to be left alone and ignored.  She had had enough of that. 

When Miss Tawny told lizbeth to help her up onto the table slut was sure she
would be used to pleasure her beautiful pussy.  The unpleasant ritual of having
her mouth sanitized made sense now...she would soon be put to use servicing Miss
Tawny!  But, as she climbed over slut, she did not face toward her, but rather
away, presenting her back.  Her comments to lizbeth were odd, as well.  "You are
to whisper instructions into her ear quietly enough that I cannot hear you.",
she said.  "Yes, M'Lady.", lizbeth replied.

"If I am satisfied, slut, I'll take you to the shower with me and show you how
to bathe me.  Would you like that?"

Still somewhat perplexed, slut answered, "Yeth, M'Wady."

lizbeth pressed her lips softly against slut's right ear.  She slipped her
tongue into it and swirled around slowly, causing slut to stir.  Goosebumps
formed over her neck and she fought a desire to sigh.  Slut knew lizbeth was
sneaking a chance to torment her, and would not betray it for the world, if she
could help it.  So softly that slut could barely hear, lizbeth breathed into her
ear, "You are to learn to please M'Lady's bum now, slut. It is a favorite
diversion. If you are to gain any favor from her, you must make her happy in
this way.  Blink once if you understand."

slut blinked.  There were no limits.  If there were, they kept shifting.  So
what?  She had become a urinal and now would be an ass licker.  What else could
she do?  She knew what would happen if she tried to refuse.  Something would be
done to her until she changed her mind.  Since she could think of all manner of
punishments that were much worse than what was being proposed, she knew this was
an easy choice.  She could do it. 

Mistress Tawny had very gracefully eased her way into position.  Slut's entire
view was comprised of her pretty pussy, thighs, and the small, pink little
asshole that she was to learn how to please.  slut felt the warmth emanating
from above her, and breathed in the heady aromas of a woman aroused.

lizbeth whispered again, "When you are called to her, she will present it to you
much like this.  You must understand that this is a ritual rather than an act. 
She is not after instant gratification.  You must concentrate fully on the
privilege of giving her pleasure.  When you are ready, you indicate this to her
by kissing it very gently, with your lips only, as you would a lover early in
the morning.  Four seconds is adequate.  Do it now."

slut swallowed, more out of determination than fear.  She raised her head up
until her lips were pressed against it.  She felt it react as though it had a
life of it's own, and was surprised by that.  At the same moment that she had
counted out four seconds, lizbeth touched her shoulder to indicate that it was
time to break it off.  slut laid her head back to await the second part of her
bizarre lesson. 

"Did you feel it contract, then return to you?", lizbeth asked.  slut blinked
once in reply.
"Good.  Now she will lower it until you can kiss it without raising your head. 
So, you must not raise your head to meet it, but wait until it just barely
touches your lips.  When it does, you should kiss it warmly and repeatedly, as
though you are anxious to make it feel welcome.  Do not use your tongue."

slut blinked once in acknowledgement.  She looked up to see Mistress Tawny
spreading her cheeks just before lowering herself down over slut's face.  When
it touched her lips, she began kissing it warmly, closing her eyes and
concentrating on making the little creature feel welcome.  She half wondered why
she was coping with this so well.  Rather than trying to imagine herself in a
different situation just to get through the current one, she seemed to be, well,
relishing the act of kissing Mistress Tawny's asshole.  It couldn't have been
the result of the neglect she had suffered over the past few hours.  But, what
was it?  She mentally admonished herself for allowing her mind to wander from
the performance of her mouth, and hoped the lapse hadn't been noticed.  A
fleeting memory of the times she had simply gone through the motions when having
sex with her husband passed through her mind.  She didn't feel that way at all. 
She just, she just wanted to please.  In any way she could.  Even if it meant,
well...

"When she raises herself up slightly it will be your sign to move on to more
aggressive kissing.  She will rise up a bit, then lower again.  At that time you
will beging to kiss it using an opened mouth, lightly touching your tongue to
the center and periodically tracing the tip of your tongue around it's outer
ring.", lizbeth whispered enthusiastically.  She hadn't anticipated being a
tutor to slut in this way, but her student was reacting much better than she
might have expected.  "This is a period of teasing; of trying to convince your
reluctant lover to allow you to fuck her.  This teasing will progress very
slowly.  It may last ten minutes or an afternoon."

slut continued kissing Miss Tawny's lively little asshole while listening
attentively to lizbeth's instructions.  It was so...decadent!  She felt as
though her nipples and clitoris would burst of their own accord, and had begun
to breath more heavily with each passing second.  She thought about her
throbbing, wet cunt, displayed so shamelessy for Miss Tawny.  She knew her
freakishly long clit would be fully exposed, like a little penis, and that there
was no concealing her arousal.  A quick wave of embarassment washed over her. 
Who would become excited by this?  What kind of...deviant whore...would enjoy
this?  Deviant whore?  Is that what she thought of herself?  Again, she
admonished herself for getting distracted by her own thoughts, hoping the break
in her concentration hadn't been noticed.  Miss Tawny raised herself up a
bit...but just an inch...was this?

"Yes, now open your mouth and tease your little friend.", lizbeth whispered. 
Slut was gratified that she had progressed to another stage.  It at least meant
she was doing well enough to get by.  She needed to concentrate, though.  It was
all so...subtle.  The signals.  She needed to pay attention.  She became aware
of how hot she was, and noticed the perspiration beading up on Miss Tawny's
thighs.  slut pushed her tongue out reluctantly, suddenly unsure of herself and
what was happening.  She couldn't afford to have doubts now.  Tentatively, she
touched it to the hot center of Miss Tawny's puckered pink hole.  It tasted like
it smelled; not nasty but not at all appealing either.  What did she expect? 
She looked down over her nose to see how it seemed to tighten, pulling away from
her tongue.  She thought that was cute, and realized how appropriate lizbeth's
descriptions seemed.  It was a shy little thing, and she wanted it badly.  She
pushed her tongue forward again, more assertively.  She flipped it lightly
against the center, tickling it.  She looked to see that it had retreated again. 




lizbeth could see that slut was beginning to understand this part of the game. 
"Good!", she whispered.  "Coax it.  It doesn't want to leave you, but it doesn't
want to give in just yet!"



Emboldened by her friend's encouragement, slut tried flickering the very tip of
her tongue on the outside bottom edge of the anal ring.  She noted that it did
not contract, and so flicked her tongue all around the outside edge, imagining
that she was tickling and teasing it.  She continued this for several minutes,
sensing she had done what was wanted and was on the right track.  "Try again. 
See if it will come closer.", lizbeth finally breathed into slut's ear. 

She tried reducing the circle around which she was flicking rather than going
direclty for the center.  Soon she had worked the tip of her tongue to the mid
point and was swirling it around in both directions, stopping only for a second
or two to look at the reaction she was getting.  Then, she placed the tip just
above it, outside the ring, and slowly, so slowly, glided it down, down down,
waiting for a contraction that would tell her to stop.  Finally it reached the
center and stayed there momentarily before dragging itself slowly down over the
opposite side and out again. 



lizbeth was watching closely, craning her neck and straining her eyes to get a
view of her student's progress.  "It is considering letting you now.  You
mustn't let it get away at this point or you'll need to start all over again. 
Work back to the center and keep your tongue around the center.  You may begin
to press into it very, very gently.  You're simply showing it what you want, and
hinting at how good it will feel."



slut followed the guidance and soon was pushing saliva up her tongue to dampen
the little hole so that she could then blow softly on it.  She thought that
would feel nice, as well.  She did try pushing lightly against the center, and
perceived a certain willingness to accept her.  There was no longer any
withdrawal or puckering, but an open presence not unlike the teenage girl who
lowers her arms to allow her pursuer free access to her charms. 

slut spent what she thought must have been ten or fifteen minutes working the
center of Miss Tawny's asshole, coaxing it to the point that it would ask her to
penetrate it.  That was how lizbeth characterized it, anyway.  She had said that
when it moved closer to her mouth, it was ready to be breached, but just a bit
at first.  It wanted to feel what it would be like before it committed to full
penetration.  It was a virgin, she had said.  Every time, it was a reluctant
virgin. 

By the time slut did sense a bit of movement toward her, she was wondering how
long her tongue would hold out.  It was beginning to tingle.  This was nothing
like the cocksucking she so loved.  That was more sucking than this.  She
supposed with lots of practice her endurance could be built up, but the
sensation in her tongue usually led to cramping and fatigue whenever she felt
something similar in other areas of her body. 

She pushed the tip of her tongue gently against the center and was rewarded when
it opened just the slightest bit, allowing her to get the tip just inside for a
bit before it withdrew and puckered up again.  slut reached out with her tongue
again, to swirl it around the cute little pink hole.  She coaxed it into coming
closer.  It had to know she was persistent.  She pushed into the center again
and was accepted more fully now.  Slut guessed the tip of her tongue had made it
all the way through. 

"Very good.", lizbeth whispered.  "It will soon find that it loves being
penetrated, and it will open fully for you.  It is then that you must curl your
tongue into a tube and hold it rigid, as the creature prefers to fuck itself on
you.  It will control the pace. Understand?"

slut blinked and wiggled her tongue a bit.  It opened a bit more and moved
closer.  She was tempted to thrust all the way in, but knew that following her
newfound mentor's guidance would be the safest path.  She felt so hot.  Mistress
Tawny was gripping her firmly on her inner thighs now, making them burn with
pain.  Slut groaned softly, overcome by denial, desire, and pain. 



"It seems as though your student is enjoying her lesson, lizbeth.", Mistress
Tawny observed casually. 

"Yes, M'Lady."

"You are teaching her well."

"Yes, thanks to M'Lady."



slut felt the ring around her tongue loosen and move down slowly over the length
of it.  This was unexpected.  It was not what lizbeth had said would happen, or
at least not what slut had interpreted.  She became a bit concerned when the
descent did not stop.  slut's nose was pressed flat against Miss Tawny's
backside as her tongue pushed further and further up the tight little hole. 
Soon she felt as though she might be smothered, with her entire face covered by
the beautiful woman's mahogany flesh. 

"It has accepted you!", lizbeth whispered enthusiastically.  "Now flatten out
your tongue and twist it around a bit, to reward it's new lover." 

slut did so, imagining how good it must feel.  The grip on her thighs tightened. 



"Tell me, lizbeth, what has caused that wet spot on your crotch?"  Miss Tawny
sounded as though she were commenting on the weather to a friendly neighbor. 

lizbeth was taken aback, but responded quickly.

"It is the result of my efforts to please Mistress Karen, M'Lady.", she replied
calmly.

Mistress Tawny began rotating her hips, grinding her backside into slut's mouth.

"Did she rub your cunt?"

"No, M'Lady."

"Did she cause someone to rub your cunt?"

"No, M'Lady."

"Did she have you rub your cunt on something?"

"No, M'Lady."

"Hmm.  What, then, caused you to come to me in such a shameless condition?"

Tawny began to rock slowly forward and back, enjoying the full penetration of
slut's tongue up her ass.  She was more than pleased with the results of the new
combination of drugs Karen was trying.  Neither lizbeth nor slut were aware that
the cocktail had been added to their respective breakfasts.  If they were, they
didn't appear to be alarmed in any way.  Tawny surmised that it would be useful
for the government to have such tools at their disposal.  Karen's intelligence
career had been helpful in many ways. 

The girls were both highly aroused, and slut was making love to her ass with
enthusiasm.  By the look of her distended clit and dripping cunt, she was
probably willing to do anything at that point.  If the idea was to create a high
level of sexual compliance without arousing suspicion, Tawny thought the drugs
were an unqualified success.  She briefly thought of who she might know that
could reverse engineer a sample so she could begin producing it herself.   That
would be a good thing.



slut was apprehensive when Mistress Tawny's questioning of lizbeth began. 
lizbeth had repositioned herself to answer the questions and was no longer
coaching her.  slut was freelancing, but felt that she had gained enough of an
understanding of the process to fully satisfy the cute little anus that had
become the focus of all of her attention.  She would push her tongue deeply into
it each time it came down, then flatten her tongue out, swirling it around
quickly on the upstroke.  As it came off her tongue, she lapped hungrily at it
until it slowly came back down to be penetrated again.  slut was short of
breath, hot, horny, and not at all self conscious of the loud slurping and wet
smacking noises she was making as she ministered to the Mistress's luscious ass.



"This humble servant is unsure how to answer her Mistress.", lizbeth finally
replied after a long pause.  She had no idea why she was so wet.

"I've not known of you to leak like a wanton whore.  Have you become a wanton
whore?"

"No, M'Lady." lizbeth answered in a sullen tone. She was a proper British
housemaid! 

"But if you've been doing nothing but cleaning glass for Karen in your racy
little red outfit, which is very american, I might add, how could you be so
wet?"  Tawny simply wanted to be sure lizbeth had no clue she had been drugged. 
She got her answer in the tears that welled up on the poor maid's eyes.

"This...humble servant does not know, M'Lady."

"Well then.  Maybe it's time to downgrade you.  I'm sure Tiffany and Buffy would
enjoy your company."

Lizbeth's cunt throbbed for attention.  Her nipples were hard, and the wet spot
continued to spread down over her inner thighs.  She was humiliated.  Mistress's
talk of reassigning her to be one of the pleasure slaves was a shock.  Surely
she wasn't serious!

"Yes, M'Lady.", lizbeth whimpered.  "Always be agreeable to every suggestion",
her training had dictated. 

"We could pump up your titties and pierce and tattoo you and let you live a very
simple life.  Wouldn't you like that?"

"If it pleased M'Lady.", lizbeth sighed.  Why was she so bloody horny?

"Which reminds me, we need to choose a name for your little asslicking friend
here.  "slut" just isn't appropriate, is it?"

"No, M'Lady."

"Let's see...there's "Trixie".  We don't have one of those.  Or maybe "Amber". 
We don't have an "Amber".  I know!  How about Britney?"

Mistress Tawny never really asked lizbeth her opinion.  "If it pleases M'Lady."

"I like it.  Britney.  It's a proper whore's name.  Don't you think Britney will
just love being in my stable of whores?"

"Yes, M'Lady.  Surely she will."  lizbeth was relieved Mistress Tawny's
attention had turned away from her, at least for the moment. 

"Wouldn't it be wonderful to be nothing more than a fuck toy?"

"Yes, M'Lady."  lizbeth could be agreeable without agreeing.  The bimbos
Mistress kept as her "House Whores" were nothing but depraved nymphomaniacs who
suffered long periods of denial and abuse.  lizbeth would do almost anything to
avoid becoming one.  She enjoyed her proximity to her owner.  Everyone knew
proximity meant more valued use and more frequent rewards.   The House Whores
were merely an entertainment tool.  lizbeth, as part of Mistress's personal
staff, enjoyed a much higher status.  lizbeth had known from the moment she had
first seen slut that she would ultimately end up as one of the whores.  What
lizbeth couldn't know was that slut had been chemically treated for months to
ensure that her sexuality was brought forth to the degree that it was now the
primary aspect of her personality.  She did not know that whores were created
rather than found. 

"And it's been...how long since you were rewarded?"

Her owner was rocking back onto slut's face with considerable force now.  It was
something lizbeth had intended to warn slut about, but hadn't gotten to it.  It
looked and sounded as though slut was doing fine, what with Mistress's soft
moans and the loud slurping coming from between her cheeks. 

"It has been some weeks, M'Lady."  lizbeth said hopefully.

"Well.  Maybe your cunt has simply reached the point of desperation?"

"Yes, M'Lady."

"Is that your reason?"

"Yes, M'Lady."

"So, you have a huge wet spot on those sexy little shorts simply because your
cunt has gotten the better of you.  I see."

lizbeth was concerned and confused.  She didn't know what she would have said if
given the opportunity.  Lacking any other explanation, she supposed it was as
good a characterization as any other.  She really didn't know why she was so
much hornier than usual. 

"Go to Karen now and report that your cunt has taken control of you."

Lizbeth's heart began to race.  This was not good for her. Not at all.  Her
voice quavered, "Yes, M'Lady.", and she moved off quickly toward the sunroom.



Tawny didn't typically play such mind games with her personal staff. The fact
that lizbeth was completely unaware that her horniness was chemically induced
created a fine opportunity to toy with her a bit.  Then again, the enjoyment she
was getting out of having her asshole eaten and probed with such enthusiasm
might have prompted a bit of mischief.  She watched lizbeth scurry toward the
sunroom and an unknown fate, then began to grind herself down onto slut's hot
mouth.



Karen chose to ignore lizbeth for a while, even though she presented herself
adequately and held her position well.  She was requesting to speak, holding her
hand over her mouth as they all are trained.  Karen knew she wouldn't move so
quickly into the room with a request to speak unless she had been told to.  They
rarely had occasion, other than emergencies, to speak without being spoken to
first.  Karen knew Tawny had sent her in with something to say, and it would do
nothing but increase pressure on the haughty slave to make her wait. 

The wet spot had grown considerably, and lizbeth's nipples were harder now than
they had been before she had been called out of the room a few minutes earlier. 
Karen liked the way she looked in the little red shorts and top, and knew the
arrogant bitch hated the indignity of being made to dress that way.  She would
break her of that when she got back.  She would do a lot of things when she got
back.  It was becoming more and more of a burden to think about her imminent
departure.  It had been a summer to remember, but most of her extended breaks
over the past ten years had been exciting in some way.  She wondered what it
would be like to be free to pursue life in the way Tawny did.   

She watched henry.  He was working very hard at removing every blemish on the
outside of the sunroom glass.  He had been a good choice. Tawny did have taste. 
It was always useful to have a male around, and henry possessed all of the right
assets to ensure that he was a pleasure to have around.  Karen pondered what
kind of a show he could put on with another man.  Tawny had said he was equally
enthusiastic on both ends of the spectrum and everywhere in between.  It make
Karen horny to watch men have sex.  A lot of things made her horny, and most of
them were not in the mainstream.

amy gave a great backrub.   Karen had been enjoying a thorough neck and shoulder
massage for forty minutes or so, and she didn't seem to be letting up at all. 
It was heavenly, but she would need a break soon.  No need to be cruel to the
ones you love, Karen thought.  Maybe lizbeth should give amy a backrub for a
while.

Just as Karen was about to acknowledge lizbeth, she heard  the distinctive tone
of her encrypted cellphone.  A call from either headquarters or the training
team was not good.  She rose and trotted quickly to her bedroom to retrieved the
phone. 

A heavily digitized voice identified itself as "forty - one", which was a relief
to Karen.  She pictured him as a sandy-haired young fellow.  His name was Gene,
or maybe George.  He was the training team member responsible for tracking"
persons of interest", as they had been identified by Karen for purposes of her
"training" mission.  The frigate that slut's ex-husband was aboard had developed
some sort of unspecified trouble and had been heading home for three days.  It
would make port by tomorrow afternoon.  Karen acknowledged the information and
signed off.  She sighed heavily.  Though this would cause her to implement a
contingency plan, it was not a problem other than that it generally affected her
last few days with Tawny. 

She returned to the kitchen where her friend was enjoying being reamed by slut's
eager tongue.  Karen smiled.  Once she had unleashed the wanton whore inside the
former wife and schoolteacher, who knew where it would end?  The little cocktail
of experimental drugs had served their purpose.  Slut had become an enthusiastic
ass licker in only a few minutes.  That was the kind of progress Karen could
appreciate.  Pity all the fun had to be cut short.




CHAPTER 32 Exodus

"We need to cut and run.", Karen said plainly.

Tawny paused on the bottom of a downstroke, leaving slut's tongue fully extended
up her ass.  "What?"

"We have to get out.  By tomorrow morning."

"Why?"

Karen nodded quickly toward slut.  Tawny understood that it had  something to do
with slut's ex-husband or some other family connection.  She and Karen had
discussed what they would have to do if someone were to come snooping.  What
aroused Tawny's curiosity was how Karen would know in advance that someone was
coming to snoop around for either slut or pig's whereabouts.

"You got a call?"  Tawny asked innocently.

Karen knew her friend had heard the cellphone.  She never missed a thing, even
when she was enjoying one of her favorite pastimes.  Karen flashed her "do you
think I'm stupid?" look.  "I've got to get the moving company out here."

"What do you need me to do?"  Tawny was unfazed by the rebuff.  She loved
Karen's bluntness.  She was a no-nonsense girl.

"Nothing, really.  Just be ready to go tonight or tomorrow."

"You know me.  I'm always ready to go!"  Tawny smiled warmly.  She didn't want
her friend to feel bad about the abrupt end to their time together. 

"We ought to have more conversations with you sitting on a warm tongue.  You
really are more pleasant.", Karen joked with a wry twisting of her lips.

"I am a pushover when my little bottom is being licked.  Guilty as charged." 
Tawny giggled. 

Karen strolled off toward the sunroom, where lizbeth and amy were both waiting
in their proper positions.  "Well, ladies.  Our time together is coming to a
quick and unexpected end.  amy,  you'll need to go and begin packing my clothes. 
lizbeth, take your wet cunt and go retrieve pig.  Tie pig to the stake in the
back yard, then report to me." 

The young women sprang to action, replying almost simultaneously, "Yes, M'Lady."

Karen called the moving company and made arrangements for them to come retrieve
her "packing crates".  She got assurances from them that they would be in the
driveway at eight o'clock in the morning, but she never trusted the competence
of men and had doubts as to whether her egress plans would go off without a
hitch or two. 

It had been an enjoyable summer, and now she had her retirement to look forward
to.  One more stint and she would be free to pursue her lifestyle on a full time
basis.  What was best about it was that she would be sharing it with Tawny and
her almost unlimited resources.  Karen looked around the sunroom.  There would
be no more temporary housing in her future.  This arrangement had served her
purposes for the summer, but she had felt clausterphobic.  This was especially
true now that she had a narrow timeline in which to depart cleanly. 



Tawny was reluctantly climbing off the table when lizbeth passed through enroute
to the guest bedroom.  Curious as to what she was doing, Tawny followed.  The
second she entered the doorway she saw lizbeth push her right hand down the
front of the little shorts and begin stroking herself.  Tawny was incredulous. 
She hadn't seen it, but Karen had been right all along.  lizbeth was severely
lacking in discipline if she would break one of the cardinal rules of her
servitude by giving herself pleasure without permission.  Tawny knew the effects
of the drug cocktail lizbeth and slut had secretly been given were the likely
cause of such a transgression.  For all she knew, the horniness caused by the
concoction might be overwhelming for even the best of slaves.  In the end,
however, she didn't much care.  "I'm very disappointed in you, lizbeth.", she
said softly.

lizbeth's entire body shook in fear and surprise.  She quickly jerked her hand
out of the shorts and turned, falling to her knees.  "This humble servant is so
very sorry, M'Lady.", she whispered.  This was bad enough, but it Mistress Karen
heard about it...

"I'm afraid "sorry" just won't be adequate in this case.  We'll let Karen decide
your fate."

"Oh, please NO!", lizbeth gasped.  She hadn't been invited to speak, but her
response had been instantaneous and without thought.  She was more afraid of
Mistress Karen than she had ever been of anyone or anything.  Tears welled up in
her eyes and began cascading down over her reddening cheeks. 

"No?  I'm sure I just heard you say the word "NO" to your owner.  Is that what I
heard?"

lizbeth felt as though her entire world had just caved in on her.  Not only had
she been caught stroking herself, but now she had crossed over into insolence
and was approaching disobedience.  Mistress Tawny would not tolerate it, she
knew.  "Yes, M'Lady.  This humble servant did as M'Lady says, but she did not
mean it."

"And so by that you mean your owner is expected by you, a worthless whore, to
interpret the difference between what slaves say and what they really mean?"

Confused and unable to think, lizbeth began to crawl submissively toward her
Mistress's feet.  She hoped groveling would help. 

"I am quite sure I didn't tell you to move!", Tawny barked.

lizbeth was shocked by her tone.  She had never heard Mistress Tawny raise her
voice as she just had.  She knew Mistress Karen would appear soon, drawn by the
anger in Mistress Tawny's voice.  lizbeth assumed the proper position, kneeling
up with her knees spread widely and her hands laced together behind her neck. 
Then, she began to cry uncontrollably.


Karen was delighted by the fact that the haughty English bitch had proven her
lack of trustworthiness to Tawny.  Unlike Tawny, she knew the effects of the
cocktail she was experimenting with were absolutely overwhelming.  Anyone under
it's effects would be rendered uncontrollably horny to the point that most would
be willing to do anything to satisfy their sexual urges.  Keeping slut bound
while leaving lizbeth loose to get into trouble was part of her devious plan for
the day - at least up until the point of becoming preoccupied with leaving the
area. 

pig was plainly visible, bound face down on a folding table.  It would have been
impossible to keep her from knowing that her surpise involved tattoos and pig,
but she had no idea how extensively Tawny had covered pig's hide.  The entire
backside of her body, from the base of her bald skull to her feet, was
completely covered in ink.  Karen was flattered and anxious to look the animal
over in closer detail.  For now, though, the matter of punishing Tawny's
worthless cunt would have to take priority. 

It occurred to Karen that she hadn't put anyone on top of the hut yet that
summer.  Sitting on the hut would be an appropriate punishment and it would
provide great fun throughout the afternoon while keeping lizbeth out of the way
as they made ready to leave.  On the other hand, lizbeth's aversion to straight
sex would make for an ideal use of Karen's fuck box.  No need to exclude
anything.  "Crawl to the garage, you worthless piece of shit.", Karen said
menacingly. 

lizbeth wept openly as she crawled out of the room toward the garage.  Karen
smiled warmly at her lover, who appeared to be genuinely let down by lizbeth's
transgression.  She thought for a moment that she would tell Tawny the drugs
made any self control impossible, but decided to wait until she had had her fun
punishing the English cunt. 

Tawny nodded her head suggestively toward pig.  "Take a look at your surprise?"

Karen nodded, taking Tawny's hand and stepping over to the side of the table
onto which pig had been strapped.  The mural was unbelievable in it's artfulness
and detail.  Karen laughed out loud, pointing to a miniature scene on pig's left
hip.  "Our first capture!" 

"Yes.  I thought you would appreciate that one.", Tawny answered, passing her
hand lightly over the area.  "There are so many fond memories recorded on this
hide.  It's almost like a family bible for us, isn't it?"

Karen liked the sound of that.  She put her arm around Tawny's waist and pulled
her close.  "Did you leave room for our future?"

"Oh, yes.  The entire front is a blank canvas.  The back is pre-retirement, and
the front is will be everything after!"

Karen was amazed.  Tawny had perfectly captured the small clearing in the woods
where she and Karen had tied that little whore.  Every detail was there, from
the fence post they had mounted her on to the switches they had cut to whip her. 
And there, just above pig's ass, was another great memory.  In the alley.  The
waitress Karen had forced to eat them!  That was wonderful, too. 
It was clear that pig was no longer a commodity to be traded, and that it
certainly couldn't be allowed go get loose with a literal accounting of Karen
and Tawny's deviant lifestyle depicted on it's hide.  A lot of harm could come
to them if that happened.  "What do you have planned for pig?"

Tawny lit up.  She always did when given the chance to explain a creative idea. 
It was yet another thing Karen loved about her.  "Oh, I have this great design
for a display case in the entry.  It will recess into the floor so that pig, or
whoever, can be mounted in it below the main floor level.  We'll mount her on a
pole that will piston up and down and rotate, and I'll have all sorts of effects
going on inside...lighting, fiber optics, lasers, fog.  We'll encase it in
two-way mirror so that pig only ever sees it's own reflection.  I'm thinking
about some sort of overhead rigging that will manage it's arms and legs like a
sort of marionette.  It makes me wet just to think about it.  What a great
feature it will be, don't you think?"

Karen was laughing at the way in which Tawny got carried away describing her
plan.  She knew that it would come to fruition at some point and would be a
first-class amenity in Tawny's palacial mountain home.  "Yes, I think.", she
answered warmly.  She kissed Tawny softly on her lips, whispering, "Thank you
for my gift, and thank you for coming to see me."

"I wish it didn't have to end so quickly.", Tawny replied sadly. 

"I know.  But, at least we can have fun for another night."

"We have to be out by tomorrow?"

"Yes.  Noon at the latest."

"Bitch!"

"Cunt!"



lizbeth knelt up on the warm concrete of the garage floor.  She was crying
uncrontrollably, the tears falling down over the little red sports bra top
Mistress Karen had made her wear.  As troubling as the fear she held for
Mistress Karen and the punishment she would be receiving, the unfettered lust
that emanated out of her burning hot, wet cunt was more than she could bear. 
She had never had to reconcile two competing emotions in this way before, and
was simply having a meltdown from the pressure.  She wondered if Mistress Tawny
were serious about making her into one of the household whores.  She thought
that perhaps she could never be rehabilitated to the degree of trust she had
enjoyed up until then.  To be caught as she had been...she knew she was a great
disappointment, and this troubled her very deeply. 

She hadn't been in position for more than a minute or two when henry entered. 
He silently moved across in front of her and opened the large cabinet that
housed many of Mistress Karen's terrible implements.  In seconds, he had fitted
the leather hood over her head and buckled the straps that ran up from the base
of her scull to the top of her head.  He forced the black rubber penis gag
between her lips and snapped it to the hood down along her jawline, then zipped
closed the eye openings, rendering her unable to see anything but blackness.  He
placed cuffs on her wrists, ankles, elbows, and knees, then helped her to a
standing position so that he could strip the shorts and bra top from her body. 
The heat in the garage was stifling.  Combined with the effects of the hood and
her fear, she had begun to perspire at a pace that caused her entire body to
become slick with perspiration.  She could feel it pouring down over her in
teasing little streams.  It reminded her of the torture she had suffered in the
back yard, impaled on the steel rods and suffering random shocks throughout what
must have been several hours of brutal punishment.  Would this be worse?  She
immediately regretted not trying to escape.  Now that she was hooded and henry
was latching her wrists and elbows together in front of her, there would be no
avoiding what would come.  He must have fastened a line to her wrist cuffs, for
he quickly and very forcefully jerked her arms up over her head and tugged
several times until she was only able to support herself on her toes with her
legs together.  Then, nothing.  



slut had heard the entire exchange between lizbeth and the Mistresses.  She had
been trying to eavesdrop on the muted conversation taking place between her
owners after lizbeth had crawled off in tears for the garage.  What interfered
with her ability to concentrate on listening was the unbelievable horniness she
was experiencing on the table.  Her tongue felt cramped and sore from spending
so much time servicing Miss Tawny, but her nipples and cunt were raging for
attention that just didn't seem to be in the offing.  It made her crazy, being
bound that way and left useless.  Oh, if only she could be fucked!  She would do
anything to be fucked!  Anything!  More out of frustration and lust than any
conscious thought, she began to moan.

henry had passed through behind her.  She had twisted her neck radically to try
to get a view of his body, but had failed.  Miss Karen had whispered some
instruction to him and he had gone to the garage, presumably to prepare lizbeth
for her punishment.  slut wondered if the punishment could be any worse than the
fate she was suffering.  Even the white lightning bite of a whip on her cunt
would be better than this, this, infernal nothingness!  "Please!", she cried
out.

"Problem?", Karen asked. 

slut blinked herself out of the unsated sexual reverie she was floating in to
focus on the shape beside her.  Oh, God!  "Oh, God!", slut blurted errantly. 
She was instantly rewarded for her transgression by a series of brutally hard
slaps across her face.  Now she was tearing up, her chest heaving for breath
that just didn't seem as though it would ever come.  Her face throbbed, then
seemed to go numb. 

"Amy!", Karen called.  When the little beauty appeared Karen nodded toward the
gaping, swollen bare cunt that seemed to be giving slut so much trouble. 
"slut's cunt has gone into overdrive, sweetie.  See that it's packed full of ice
for me."

"Yes, M'lady.", Amy answered.  She curtsied, then moved quickly into the kitchen
to retrieve the ice bin from the freezer.  It was full.  She placed it between
slut's legs and began pushing cubes, one at a time, between the slick, swollen
lips and deep into slut's cunt. 

"When it is full, take pig out into the back yard and chain it to the stake,
then finish packing my things.  Are you almost through?"

"Yes, M'Lady.", Amy answered enthusiastically. 

"I can always count on you, Amy.", Karen said softly as she strolled off toward
the garage.   Henry was just tying off the line that secured lizbeth to the
eyehook in the ceiling.  He snapped into his position to await further
instructions.   Karen explained to henry that Tawny's visit was coming to an
earlier than expected end, and that he needed to begin to pack up most of her
toys and equipment in the garage.  She specified what should be put away and
sealed into each wooden crate, and which crates to move over toward the garage
door.  She told him that if he was unclear on anything, that he should find her
and ask.  As henry turned to begin his task, Karen heard a car pull into the
driveway. 

She quickly retraced her steps to the guest bedroom, where she had a concealed
vantage point from which to see the driveway.  Tawny noted the expression of
alarm on her face, and followed her without speaking.  Through the sheers Karen
was quite surprised to see a sailor in dress whites climbing out of a small
sedan.  She immediately knew it was slut's ex.  She had disposed of enough
pictures of him to be able to spot him anywhere.  "Those fucking morons!", she
gasped, half under her breath.  Thinking quickly, she took Tawny's hand and
pulled her into the kitchen, closing the door to the guest bedroom behind her. 
slut was groaning loudly, unhappy and frustrated at being stuffed full of ice
cubes.  amy assumed her position when the Mistresses entered. 

"Take slut into the garage immediately.  Gag her and secure her there.  Stay in
the garage.  Tell henry to be quiet and wait."

amy sensed the urgency in Mistress Karen's voice.  "Yes, M'Lady.", she replied. 
She moved under the table and untied slut's bindings, stood to help slut down
off the table, and guided her efficiently out of the room and to the garage. 
Just as she was closing the door to the garage behind her, the doorbell rang.

"Shit!", Karen blurted. 

Tawny was slightly bemused, though careful and sensitive enough not to show any
sign of it.  She had never seen Karen loose her cool like this.  "Husband?", she
asked innocently. 

Karen nodded in reply, then hurried off toward her bedroom.  She returned almost
instantly, slipping her stun gun into the waistband of her shorts at the small
of her back.  Tawny was smiling at her, as though nothing were happening at all. 
"What?", Karen asked in a half whisper.   She was flabbergasted that Tawny
seemed not to understand the situation. 

"Relax.  Have fun!  We've been through worse than this!", Tawny said
reassuringly.  "I'm with you...we'll be fine.  Want me to get the door?"

Tawny's confidence would have been contagious if Karen had more time to absorb
it.  "No.", she said, taking a deep breath.  She told herself to let time slow
down, and to breath easily. 
Karen opened the door with the thought that she was being disturbed by an
unexpected visitor.  This would cause everything to flow.  She always performed
better when she could create the proper mental context.  When she had a full
view of the man, she smiled and looked him up and down, as though he were a
pleasant surprise.  "Hi!", she said cheerily. 

"Hello.", he said flatly.  "I'm looking for my wife."  There was no smile.

Pretending to notice his nametag for the first time, she motioned with her
finger toward his former home.  "Oh.  You're Carol's ex?"  Karen was confident
she had inserted just enough empathy into the question.  His eyes seemed to
brighten, but just a bit.  He saw a glimmer of hope.  Maybe she would be able to
help him.  She wanted him to think he had found a friend, to put him at ease. 
She didn't need for him to be jumpy.  He nodded.

"Do you know how I can get in touch with her?", he asked.

"Oh, I'm so sorry.  I'm being rude.  Won't you come in?"  Karen reminded herself
of June Cleaver.  Very domestic.  Very polite.  Very dangerous.  He stepped
through the doorway as she moved off to the side, closing it behind him.  There
stood Tawny, all five feet six inches of exotic asian beauty, completely naked. 
Karen had assumed that she would have stepped out of view to put some clothes on
while she was answering the door.  This was almost as big a surprise to her as
it obviously was to the dumb sailor.  Karen started to feel her temper rise,
then remembered what Tawny had said about making it fun.  Now that they had him
inside, he wasn't getting out again.  She decided in an instant to have some fun
with it.  She allowed Tawny, who stood near the entry to the kitchen just as
casually as you please, and the sailor, to stare at each other for a few long,
awkward seconds before saying, "You are such a slut!  Go put some clothes on,
Mandy!"

With an overexaggerated look of surprise on her face, Tawny replied in a thick
Puerto Rican accent, "Joo no mine me strutteeng my stuff all morneen, beech! 
Now joo wan me to cover up my shit juss because Mr. Sailorman is here?" 

Karen raised her voice.  "Just go get dressed, okay?"

"Joo ain't da boss a' me.  Maybe sailorman like what he sees, no?", Tawny cooed. 

"I'm so sorry, ah...what was your name?" Karen asked.

"Tom. Tom Sizemore."

"Oooohh!  He ees the ol man of that sexy beech that use to leeve ness door.",
Tawny exclaimed excitedly, waving a finger back and forth in the air.  "She had
one sweet pussy!"  She reached down with her left hand and cupped her pussy. 
"Mmmm.  Make me hooony juss thinkin' bout her."

"Mandy!  You're being rude!  He is looking for her!  He's here for our help, not
to hear your shit!"

"Where she go to, Barbie?  Din she go to Costa wif dat lil dyke bitch sister? 
Din she go chaseen after some black cock?"
Karen knew that statement would play well in his mind.  She had sent him a nice
collection of glossies of Carol sucking and fucking her black Marine boyfriend. 
He was probably fairly well scrambled in his thinking by then. 

"Whatever.  Would you be a sweetie and get the poor man a beer?  Come on, Tom,
let's go talk in the sunroom."  Karen hooked her arm into his and led him down
the hallway into her favorite room.  She got him situated comfortably on the
loveseat and took the chair beside him, leaving the space next to him for Tawny. 
Who knew how far she'd go?

He seemed very tired and disoriented.  She thought she would take the initiative
and start an interview.  It was what she did.   There was information that
needed to be acquired and she would have it in short order.  "Carol said you
were out to sea.  Just get back today?"

"Yes...some problems with the propulsion system.  We came in early."

"Well, I suppose that's good.  When did you last hear from Carol?"

"I got a postcard from Costa Rica.  It said she was sorry but had no regrets. 
It was a goodbye, I think."

Karen had managed that.  It had obviously worked.  "So...you are still hoping
to...get back with her?"  She could see that he was trying to cope with all that
Tawny had laid on him.  Not only had he been reminded of his wife's sudden taste
for black men, but now he had to process the thought that she was bisexual. 

"I don't know.  She sold all my stuff...the house.  She owes me." 

"Uh huh.  What brings you here?"  No sense in meandering around the bush, Karen
thought.  He was adequately distracted and would not think the question strange.

"Oh.  Sorry.  I only know one of the neighbors.   After I got the divorce papers
I wrote him, asking what he knew.  He wrote me back a couple of weeks later,
saying all he knew was that you had moved in here and seemed to have been a
friend of Carol's for a while...until she left, or whatever."  He sighed. 

Good news.  Maybe.  "Have you spoken with that guy today?"

"No.  I don't really know him well enough to...to bother him.  I just thought
I'd come by, take a look at the old house, and see if you had an address or
phone number."

Tawny walked into the room just then, carrying three cold Michelobs.  She was
still naked. 

"Have you no shame whatsover?" Karen exclaimed. 

"Deed you help him fine hees wife?" Tawny answered, handing out the beers and
snuggling up close to the sailor on the loveseat. 

He thinks today might be his lucky day, Karen observed.  She ignored the
question.  "Tom, let me go see if I have Carol's address or phone number
somewhere, okay?"  She rose and left the sunroom.  She needed to take a look at
the neighborhood and make a calculation whether anyone might have seen him come
to the house.  They wouldn't recognize the car, but a sailor in dress whites was
as conspicuous as can be.  While she satisfied herself that all of the neighbors
were not standing in their driveways looking at her, she dialed the training
team coordinator on her encrypted cell phone and asked for a Costa Rican phone
number that had been disconnected.  It took three minutes, which she thought was
excessive, but not worth questioning.  She put the phone away, wrote the number
down on a note pad, and returned to the sunroom, comfortable that it was likely
that the sailor had not been seen entering the house.

Karen wasn't surprised to see Tawny massaging a respectable bulge in his crotch. 
Whatever quiet conversation they were having stopped when Karen entered, but
Tawny's left hand was happy where it was. 

"Here's the last number I have for Carol.", Karen said sweetly as she handed the
note paper to Tom.  He took it, but could care less at the moment.  That was
clear.  The poor thing had been aboard ship for months on end.  A naked, exotic
beauty was giving him a little attention, and he was clearly content to let his
fate slip away. 

Karen had managed to calm down enough to conclude that she probably could let
him go on his merry way.  He didn't seem to have a burning desire to find his ex
wife, and he certainly didn't possess enough loyalty to her to turn down a
little action from people that knew her.  The problem was that she could not
control what might happen over the upcoming weeks and months.  If his curiosity
got the better of him and he really began digging, he might discover all sorts
of things that were better kept in the dark.  If she took him, he would be
eliminated as a potential complication.  She was sure she could manage his
departure well enough.  What caused her to finally decide to acquire the sailor
was the simple reality that it would be fun.  He could be kept, sold, or
disposed of.

He was in actuality a rather nodescript individual.  Given slut's over-the-top
sensuality it seemed to have been a mismatch from the beginning.  The photos
that included him had led Karen to believe he was much better looking than he
was in reality.  His hair was lighter than the medium brown that it appeared to
be in the familiy pictures, and his nose was longer.   He was slightly
overweight.  Just enough to make him appear soft.  All in all, Karen did not
find him attractive and was tending to think he could turn a dollar for her in
an outright sale to one of the overseas labor brokers.  She knew him to be
thirty-two, based on some of the documents she had destroyed from his former
home.  A bit long in the tooth for hard labor, but worth something.

Karen sat down as though she were having tea with the neighborhood ladies. 
"Have you told our friend how much we like playing with horny boys, Mandy?", she
asked innocently.

"No.  We are juss getting acquainted, joo see."

"I do see that."

He took a long pull on the beer, then set it, empty, on the floor beside the
loveseat. 

"Have you ever had two women at once, Tom?", Karen asked casually.  She pushed
her hair back over her shoulders, smiling. 
He couldn't conceal a grin.  "Uh, no."

"Mmmm.  Mandy and I really like to share, but we're really lesbians, aren't we
Mandy?"

"Oooh, speak for yourself, bitch!  Lookee heere.  I haff a nice cock here in my
hand and you have nothing!", Tawny laughed, winking at Karen.  They were both
getting a kick out of the bogus mexican accent.  Karen thought she sounded like
a bad cartoon character.  The fact that she was asian made it all the more
funny.  Karen wondered if the sailor had even noticed the discrepancy between
physical appearance and the accent.  If not, he was a complete moron. 

"I know you like it the same way I do, Mandy."

"Ohhhh, well...okaaay.", Mandy/Tawny admitted.

"We would really like to have sex with you, Tom, but we just don't like it when
men think they are in charge of things.  Men are very clumsy.  Did you know
that?"

Tom was swooning under Tawny's stroking of his now fully erect cock through his
uniform trousers.  "Uh...no.  I mean...yes.  Men are clumsy.  I know what you
mean."

"Good.  We are a little kinky too, you know."

He grinned broadly.  "I like kinky.", he said. 

"Mmmm.  Did you hear that, Mandy?  He likes kinky."

Tawny nodded, squeezing his stiff rod.  "Kinky and hard as steel.", she
observed.

"Can I get my handcuffs and leg irons, Tom?", Karen asked as she started to get
up in anticipation of his answer. 

He thought about it for all of five seconds.  "Uh...go for it...uh huh."  Today
was his lucky day.

Karen left the room and made her way to the garage.  She was delighted to see
lizbeth and slut suspended from the ceiling in a matching set.   Both were
straining on their toes, sweat pouring off their bodies.  The ice was obviously
melting out of slut's cunt at a prodigious rate, pouring down her legs and
puddling beneath her.  henry and amy had been working very quietly, and had
moved a number of the shipping crates over toward the door for easy loading in
the morning.  They immediately assumed position when she entered, but she had no
use for them just then.  Retrieving the cuffs and irons from the larger cabinet,
she returned to the sunroom, dangling them in her left hand.

Tawny had gotten the stupid sailor onto his feet and had already stripped off
his shirt and was working on pulling his uniform trousers down.  Karen walked up
behind him and whispered, "give me your wrists, Tom."




CHAPTER 33 More Fun in Florida

"I'll never cease to be amazed by the stupidity of men.", Karen said.

She and Tawny had been cuddling on the chaise lounge, under the shade of the
magnolia tree in the back yard.  Karen was idly rolling Tawny's left nipple
between her fingers.

"Considering where most of their thinking function is performed what do you
expect?"  Tawny answered cheerily.  "He's not much to look at, is he?", she
observed.

"Maybe he has a talent of some kind."

"Hmm.  Maybe."

Tom Sizemore stood before them, his eyes ablaze with hatred, contempt, and fear. 
The ladies had successfully duped him.  Karen knew that men hated to be
outsmarted by women, so he was surely as angry with himself as he was with them. 
He was in a real predicament.  After putting the cuffs and leg irons on him,
they had installed a nice, tight leather cock and ball harness, a collar, belt,
and, finally, a ball gag.  It was when he saw the ball gag coming that he
started to get a bit frisky.  That was rectified by a quick twist of his
distended balls, and he had been much more compliant since.  It had taken both
of them to manage the process of changing the handcuffs over to leather wrist
cuffs and securing his wrists to the chain that hung from the tree limb.  Now,
he was standing up on his toes, causing his legs to flex nicely.  For some
reason, he kept grunting as though they somehow cared that he might be unhappy. 

"Keeping him?"  Tawny asked.

"Whatever.  You can have him.  I don't care."  Karen looked up to see the
moron's eyes widen even more. 

"Woohoo.  Thanks a lot."  Tawny rolled her eyes.  "Another workshop slave."

"A gift horse, girl.  You're welcome."

Tawny kissed Karen full on her lips, ending it with a few gentle licks between
her parted lips.  "Thank you, my sweet.", she cooed. 

"Enough of this idleness, bitch!", Karen announced with a smile.  "There's work
to be done!"  She gave Tawny a peck on her forehead and rose to revisit the
garage.  Now that the sailor was no longer an issue, the work of packing up
could continue.  Even though the capture had gone off without difficulty,
nothing good could come of their continued presence in the safehouse.  The
longer she hung around after the former Tom Sizemore disappeared off the face of
the earth, the more likely it was that a problem could come up.  As she walked
through the yard to the house, she turned back to see that Tawny had spread her
legs wide and was making quite a show of stroking her pussy for the horny
sailor. 

It looked as though henry and amy had done all that they could do as far as the
specific tasks Karen had given them earlier.  The garage was especially hot and
stuffy that day, and allof the slaves were completely covered in sweat.  Henry's
white thong had become transparent and sweat dripped in a steady stream out of
it as he held his position. 

Karen ordered amy to get two pints of water into each of the oversexed bitches
that hung from the ceiling, and to secure their collars to the back wall, making
sure to lock their cuffs behind them.  She knew they would have their fingers up
their cunts in a heartbeat if given the chance, and she had something much more
fun in mind.  When this was complete, amy was to bring pig into the garage, fold
up the table in the guest bedroom and take it to the garage, finish packing
Karen's clothes, then present herself in the back yard. 

Henry was told to remove his thong, then to retrieve and deliver a number of
items to the back yard, along with two glasses of scotch, neat.

Tawny was still teasing the new capture when Karen returned, which was no
surprise.  She had obviously worked herself into a high state of excitement in a
very short time.  The thrill of a fresh catch did that to both of them. 
Sometimes the anticipation of what was to come could be nearly as exciting as
the games themselves.  She could see by the look on Karen's face that something
was brewing. 

Karen was struck by how truly dumb the sailor was.   Despite all that had
happened and all that he had heard, he was thrusting his hips and grunting as
though he were trying to encourage Tawny.  Karen wondered if he thought he was
hot, despite the fact that everything about him was no more than average.  His
cock was raging in the constraint of the harness.  Of course, it would not let
an erection fade.  It wasn't easy for him to wag it around as he was, given the
limited movement he enjoyed there under the tree.  Karen supposed that if it
wasn't a testiment to his utter brainlessness, it was definitely proof that a
hard cock always leads the way.

"Don't tell me that little purple stub between his legs is making you hot.",
Karen said flatly.

"No.  My fingers are making me hot.", Tawny sighed, flexing her legs straight
out on either side of the chaise.  Karen watched a cute little rivulet of juice
squeeze out of her lover's pussy and slide lazily down her slit.  It was a
delicious moment.

"And to think all this time I thought it was me!", Karen answered in a
disappointed tone.  She pulled her top up over her shoulders and tossed it
aside.  There had been a nice breeze blowing ever since they had come out, and
it felt good. 

"Well.  It might be you now that you are getting into my favorite outfit."

"Oh, never you mind me.  I'm just getting ready for the show." 

"I knew you had something going on in that pretty head of yours.  You are
wicked, girl."  Tawny licked her fingers and sat up, disappointing the dangling
sailor.  He was beginning to drool, thanks to the ball gag that had been so
tightly inserted between his jaws that he had no ability prevent it.  By the
look of his cock, he was probably experiencing a bit of pain there.  Pain was
good, Tawny thought.  She couldn't believe her brief time with Karen had come to
an end so soon.  Tomorrow was it.  She watched as Karen pushed her shorts down
her legs and stepped out of them.  She was keeping her sandals on, which was
cute. 

"There's always fun to be had.", Karen smiled.  She moved over and sat in one of
the garden chairs beside the chaise.  The sailor turned toward her.  It was nice
to be looked upon with the sort of animalistic desire that was pulsing inside
him.  It was even nicer to know he was harmless in that state and that she was
free to do with him what she will.  She pulled her heels up onto the front edge
of the seat cushion, giving him a clear view of her pussy.  It was empowering to
be careless and naked in front of a well bound stranger. 

The sailor's head snapped quickly to the left.  henry had appeared through the
sliding glass door, carrying a bundle in his left arm and the two drinks she had
ordered on a small serving tray in his right hand.  Karen relished the confusion
and panic that registered on the moron's face.  He had thought he was alone with
just the two women, and here came a naked guy with a huge cock swinging freely
between his legs.  He began to grunt and shift his gaze back and forth between
Karen and Tawny, as though he were trying to ask "what's up?".  They both broke
out laughing at his reaction.

"I think our friend is a bit homophobic.", Karen observed dryly.

Tawny doubled over, her body heaving with laughter.  "If...he's homophobic
now...".
She couldn't finish the sentence until she took a few deep breaths to recover. 
"He looks like he's just seen a ghost!"

"Well,...", Karen replied, putting on a Mae West voice, "...he ain't seen
nothin' yet."

Tawny burst into another fit of laughter.  Karen could sometimes get her going
like this.  Now, she was laughing because of Tawny.  She took a scotch from
henry's tray and motioned for him to put the other items down next to her.  He
then moved over to offer Tawny a scotch. 

"Ew...making me drink like a man again?", she asked of Karen.

"No, making you drink a man's drink like a lady.", Karen answered instantly. 
This tickled Tawny, who began laughing all over again. 

Karen followed the sailor's gaze down to the bundle next to her.  The only item
visible other than the towel were the cordless dog grooming shears that had
fallen out.  His eyes darted back and forth between her eyes and the shears. 
Very slowly she leaned down to pull back the ends of the rolled up towel to
expose her newest toy to the rest of the items henry had brought.  A can of
shaving gel and a couple of fresh razors were there, along with an empty enema
bag, some nipple clamps, and a tube of lubricant.  Now his eyes frantically
darted between the items, Karen's steady gaze, and henry, who had knelt between
his Mistresses to assume his position.  The dumb sailor was starting to lapse
into a real state of panic.  Karen pondered whether to let him fall or even him
out a bit.  There was no need to be concerned for his mental state.
"Would you like for me to tell you what fun we are going to have, or would you
like for it to be a surprise, Tom?", she asked in a tone that was so strikingly
normal that it caused a chill to run down his back.  She noticed the goosebumps
with satisfaction. "Nod one time if you want all the details now.  Shake your
head from side to side if you would prefer to be surprised."

He glanced around at the trio, clearly wondering what kind of bizarre nightmare
he had fallen into.  He had no answer, so he stared defiantly back at Karen and
grunted twice as loudly as he could.

"I think he just said "fuck you", Karen.", Tawny said happily.

"I think so too.  Is that what you just said, sailor?"

"Ughmm.  Ughm!"

Karen looked toward Tawny.  "He really isn't very bright, is he?"

"Dumb as a doorknob. I think the nodding, shaking head thing was too
complicated."

"Obviously.  He thinks we understand the male grunt, when in fact we've spent
our entire lives avoiding that particular variety of linguistics."

Tawny broke out laughing again. 

"UGHMM.  UGHM!", he grunted, nodding his head dramatically.

"Oh, look.  The monkey does understand!", Karen exclaimed in mock surprise.

Tawny continued laughing, and finally managed to gasp, "But he's still dumb as
shit!" as she fell over onto the chaise.  Even henry had started to grin. 
Sometimes it was tough to keep a straight face.

"Is the monkey angry?", Karen asked while looking over her fingernails.  She
really needed to visit a salon before heading back to Kabul.  The crazed sailor
continued to grunt unintelligibly and nod his head.  She shook her head slowly,
astonished that he seemed to have no idea that she had complete control of his
life in her neglected hands. 

"henry, our new friend would like to have his nipples clamped now.", Karen
quietly ordered.

henry rose instantaneously.  "Yes, M'Lady."  He grasped the two alligator clips
and turned toward the defenseless sailor.  Though very little movement was
possible for the man, he nevertheless made every effort to avoid having the
sharp, serrated edges of the clips snap down over his virgin nipples.  "We've
found that a good grip on the scrotum settles this one down quickly, henry.",
Karen said blithely.

henry took hold of the distended balls and gripped them tightly.  Sure enough,
all movement ceased and he was able to place both clips without further
difficulty.  When he released his grip, however, the man began to dance most
humorously.  He apparently thought, or at least hoped, that he could shake loose
the wicked things.  The Mistresses laughed, and henry smiled. 

"Look at how the monkey can dance!  There's the talent you were looking for!",
Tawny giggled.

"I obviously don't have your eye for talent.", Karen said.  "But I do know that
the monkey seems not to understand that I am communicating quite clearly.  It
continues to display such disrespect.  It really is shameful."

"UGHMM!  UUUUGHHHMMPH!", he grunted.

"henry, this animal is entirely too hairy.  I want you to remove all of it's
hair for me."  Karen sipped lightly at the scotch, winking at Tawny.

"Yes, M'Lady."  henry took up the dog shears and turned toward the man.  He
started shaking his head back and forth as if it would prevent henry from giving
him a good haircut.  henry solved the problem by taking a fistful of black hair
and pulling his head straight back, then running the shears roughly over his
skull until nothing remained but what he held in his hand.  he then let go and
took hold of his balls, simultaneously pushing the head down toward the chest to
position it so that he could finish the job.  The sailor was compliant, and in
only a few seconds henry had clipped his head down to a very short stubble. 

Next, henry passed the shears up and down each armpit and thoroughly over his
crotch before turning to pick up the can of shaving gel.  He pulled a spare lawn
chair over to stand on while he spread the gel over the captive's arms from the
lower edge of the wrist cuffs to the shoulders.  Karen handed him one of the
razors and he began to shave down the arms. 

"Shaving is such a tedious process.", Karen observed as she watched henry work. 

"It's less tedious when sipping a man's drink in a ladylike manner, though.",
Tawny replied faceciously. 

"So true.", Karen sighed.

By the time henry had finished shaving the man, Karen was ready for another
drink.  Before sending him off to fetch it, though, she pointed out that she
could still see eyebrows.  henry quickly removed them, then jogged off across
the yard with the tray and Karen's empty glass.

The dumb sailor was whimpering by then.  He hadn't been too fond of having all
of his hair removed by a buff, hairless, naked guy with a huge cock.  The little
clips on his red nipples had served to shift his focus from useless anger to
fruitful pain.  "You'll find hairlessness to be a much better lifestyle.", Karen
announced.  "Not that you'll have the choice, but there's always a silver
lining, you know."

"Where's amy?", Tawny asked.

"Probably still packing.  I gave her some tasks.  Why?"
"I could use a little attention."

"Oh, please!  It's not like you didn't spend the entire morning having your ass
reamed.  Have you become completely insatiable?"

"I've always been that.", Tawny replied coyly.

"You have a point.  Just this once, though, can we let her finish?  I'll feel so
much better once I am packed and things are more situated."

"Okay.  I'll suffer."  Tawny released a melodramatic sigh that made Karen roll
her eyes. 

henry returned quickly with a fresh scotch for Karen.  She had him remove the
harness from her new captive's cock and balls to allow for fresh circulation. 
When the purple starts to turn blue, it's past time.  The sailor groaned with
relief as fresh blood surged into his throbbing cock.  "henry, we must keep him
interested while we give him this break.", Karen said.

henry knew exactly what that meant.  He loved to keep men "interested", and
dropped to his knees in front of the sailor.  A homophobic panic appeared to
overcome the man, but it only lasted as long as it took for henry to grab and
twist his tender little balls.  Not one to waste time, henry simply took the
entire length of the brightening cock deeply into his mouth.  It was only about
five and a half inches long.  He began sucking loudly and with enthusiasm as he
had been taught.  This cock would have no opportunity to lose interest, for
henry would milk it as well as any cocksucker on the planet.  He took a great
deal of pride in his ability to keep men hard even under the most dire
circumstances. 

"Be sure that the monkey does not spurt, henry.", Karen instructed.  With that,
henry took hold of the cock and began stroking it while he directed his oral
attention to the little  balls.  He easily sucked them both into his mouth and
enjoyed rolling them around with his tongue while he rubbed the underside of the
cute little cock with his right thumb.  Already the new captive was moaning. 
That's they way henry liked it.  He slurped and licked and sucked eagerly until
Mistress Karen instructed him to reinstall the harness. 

"UGHMMFF!  UGGHMMF!"

"Poor thing seems frustrated.", Karen observed casually.

"Yes, it's almost as though it enjoyed being serviced by a man."

"Well, it was a sailor in it's previous life. You know what they say..."

"Oh, we are seeing clear evidence of it!"

"UGGHMMFF!"

"henry, I please go fetch my number seven crop.  This creature seems to want to
wear stripes."

"Yes, M'Lady.", henry replied instantaneously, already rising to jog off to
retrieve the crop.
"I think you should crop that little stump.", Tawny suggested.

"Imagine finding yourself married to that thing.  What a let-down.", Karen
commented off handedly.

"Yes, no wonder she found a liking for big black cocks."

"It was inevitable, wouldn't you say?"

"UGGHMMFF!"

"Yes, I agree.  Inevitable."

"Is there a use for a little nub like that?"

"Not that I know of."

"I would be at a loss to come up with one.  Kind of pointless."

"UGGGMM.  UGGGMMFF."

"Oh, good.  Here's henry.  You say I should crop the stump?", Karen asked
seriously.

"Might tend to get you a bit of respect."

The new toy was whimpering now.  It was an annoying, high pitched cry that was
not adequately muffled by the ball gag.  He was trying to turn away, as if he
could somehow protect himself.

"Look how dumb!"

"Yes, absolutely no thought at all.  Nothing but an animal's reactions."

Karen artfully stepped into a swift, upward arc of the crop.  It reminded Tawny
of a fast-pitch softball pitcher.  The blow landed just under the base with a
satisfyingly loud crack as the lightweight whip bit into the engorged little
cock.  Tawny counted three seconds before the pain made it's way to the dumb
monkey's brain.  Of course, it was too much for the creature to process, so it
simply flopped around limply on the chain, whistling through it's flaring
nostrils.  The eyes showed some degree of surprise, as though the idiot had not
thought of the possibility that he had been taken by such sadistic women as the
two of them. 

"He seems now to know he is not at a county fair.", Tawny commented.

"Yes." Karen added, blowing on the tip of the crop as though it were a six
shooter.  She strolled casually around the frightened, dangling sailor.  It was
really quite funny, how he seemed not to be able to control his legs as the pain
reverberated through his body. 

"This one obviously worked below deck.  Note the pale skin.", Karen observed.

"Yes, and the hide is nearly flawless.", Tawny added.
"We like it that way.  A blank slate.", Karen agreed. 

Karen liked to call out the intended location of her strikes as though she were
playing billiards.  She was good and knew it.  "Three upward on either flank,
three horizontal across that fleshy lower abdomen."  She stopped to assume a
proper cropping stance and to take aim.  "This fellow seems to think I prefer
animation, but if he keeps it up maybe we'll simply create a eunich rather than
stripe him a bit."

Tawny nodded approvingly when the captive suddenly became stock-still.   He was
beginning to take them seriously.  That was good.  "As a favor to me, will you
add the backs of the knees if the tub of mush moves?"

Karen smiled warmly.  She was going to miss Tawny.  They worked well together. 
"Of course."

"Oh, one more thing before you begin?"

Karen sighed.  She had been coiled and ready to unwind, and Tawny had broken her
concentration.  "What?"

"Allow me to display henry for our friend, so that he can get used to the idea
of being a bitch."  Tawny smiled wryly, knowing Karen would agree that the
thought was worth the interruption.

"Certainly, Dear.", Karen quickly agreed.

Tawny ordered henry into the "standing wait" position in front of the former
sailor, then whispered "Majestic".  It was the code word that had been
inculcated into henry's brain through intensive training and that enabled him to
gain an erection.  There was typically an instantaneous reaction, and this was
no exception.  henry's huge, dangling cock began to fill with blood and swell to
it's full, menacing size.  It was really too heavy to hold itself up, but with
the proper incentives henry had learned to strenghten himself to the point that
he could maintain it for long periods of time in a straight forward posture that
was quite remarkable to behold. 

The poor, dumb monkey could not help but stare at such a magnificent example of
manhood.   His expression was precious.  It must have been terrible for him to
be repelled and fascinated by the flesh log while preoccupied with the fact that
he was about to receive his first cropping.  Tawny wondered what his heart rate
was.  Probably around one sixty, she guessed.

When Karen could make the light crop whistle she knew she was generating an
adequate amount of velocity to produce the kind of result she was after. 
Heavier crops were much easier relative to the effort exerted and resulting
damage.  This crop, however, was her most accurate.  Even though she had to work
hard in using it, it's light weight was best for virgin, tender flesh.

The captive jerked slightly and grunted as though he had been shot when the
first blow struck at an upward angle across the outside flank of his left
buttock.  He did not break his position, however, which was good.  Karen was
focused on marking him in exactly the manner that she imagined, and she took the
effort every bit as seriously as an avid golfer would take the back nine.

The second mark was perfectly positioned about three inches above the first.  
Again, there was no melodramatic flopping around and the sailor was doing a fine
job of remaining still for Karen.  The welts she was raising were bright and
well defined. Remarkably, the first two were exactly the same length, which was
very difficult to do.  She repositoned herself for the third, concentrating on
placing it just so.  She coiled back, focused on the target, and came forward
with all of her strength. 

A millisecond before the crop came into contact with the white flesh, the sailor
twisted just slightly to absorb the blow on his hip rather than his ass.  Karen
was incensed.  She stepped around in front of him to place the crop in henry's
mouth, then turned to face Tawny.  She folded her hands together and bowed
slightly, as though she were about to address the PTA.  "Did I fail to
communicate?"

Tawny, playing along, answered just as seriously.  "Certainly not."

"So, without a failure to communicate, we are left with, what, stupidity? 
Arrogance? Insolence?"

"Whatever.  It's all the same.", Tawny replied in a grave tone.

"Indeed.  In any event, the burden is now on me to get this creature's
attention.  That is, if it can be wrested away from henry's cock."  She glanced
up in time to see the dumb sailor's face begin to redden.  "I believe I'll need
two short lengths of rope, if you will be able to lend me some assistance."

"Of course.", Tawny answered.  "henry."

henry knew what was expected, and rose to go retrieve the rope.  "Yes, M'Lady." 
His training dictated that he maintain as much grace and elegance in his bodily
movements as possible.  This made it more difficult to move quickly across the
yard, due to his long overdue and much welcomed erection.  He was absolutely
prohibited from touching himself, and so could not support it if he ran.  So, he
covered the distance across the lawn at a brisk walk, smoothing out his steps so
as to prevent his cock from bouncing and swaying too much. 

Karen watched henry go.  If she were straight he'd be absolutely the most
delicious man she had ever laid her eyes on.  Then again, if she were straight,
she'd probably prefer a taller, more muscular guy.  henry was as sexy as he
could be, but he was built like a swimmer and did not come across as being all
that masculine in his demeanor and mannerisms.  "That is a thoroughbred.", she
observed aloud. 

"But this," she turned toward the sailor, taking his chin in her right hand. 
"...this is worthless in every way!"

"In every way?", Tawny inserted.

"Yes.  In every way."  Karen held the chin steady, but not to cause the piece of
shit to make eye contact with her.  Never in his entire remaining life would he
rise to the level of being worthy of that.   She was simply steadying his face
so that she could slap it as hard as she possibly could with her left hand. 

Much like his whore former wife, he did not take well to being slapped.  Tears
practically squirted straight out of his eyes and he began to whimper like a
child.  She was surprised at how much her hand stung.  She grasped him tightly
by his nose, pinching his nostrils together so that he could not draw a breath. 
Jerking his head to the right, she noted a perfect red imprint of her left hand
on his right cheek.

"Very nice.", Tawny cooed.

Karen let go of his nose just as he was beginning to feel his lungs burn for
lack of oxygen.  While he was struggling with the inadequacy of his nostrils for
taking in large volumes of air, she began slapping him repeatedly.  When he
tried to pull his head back between his arms to protect himself, she poked him
once in the layrnx, proving his theory to be poorly conceived.  All of the
frustration the dumb piece of shit had caused her by ruining the ending of her
summer and her time with Tawny came boiling out at once.  She slapped him a
dozen times on each cheek before she finally realized that henry had appeard
with the rope.

"That felt good.", she said after taking a deep breath.

"Obviously.", Tawny agreed.

Karen ordered henry to tie the end of each four-foot length of nylon rope around
the idiot's ankles.  She stepped over toward Tawny and leaned down to kiss her. 
"Mmmm.  I could just eat you up!", Karen whispered softly after the long,
probing kiss had come to a regrettable end.

She then removed the crop from henry's mouth and asked Tawny to take hold of the
rope attached to the sailor's right leg.  henry was told to take hold of the
rope tied to the opposite leg.  Karen then stood directly in front of the
quivering toy, making a widening motion with both hands.  Tawny and henry began
to pull his legs in opposite directions.  Given that he had been forced to stand
on his toes even when his feet were beneath him, he was now suspended by his
wrists, struggling to prevent his legs from being pulled apart.  Tawny and henry
were certainly stronger than his legs, and quickly had his ankles separated by
four or five feet. 

Karen watched Tawny briefly, enjoying the sight of her breasts jiggling as she
struggled to hold the rope steady.  Karen could see Tawny soak up the energy of
the moment, and could picture her in a different time and place holding a calf
as it was branded.  Cowgirls weren't naked, though.  Karen doubted any of them
were as cute, either.

Brandishing the crop menacingly, she took several long seconds to get in the
proper position for a thrust directly up between the distended legs and into the
tender flesh there.  She was not sure if she could make the crop whistle on a
vertical upswing, but she would certainly try.  If the creature panicked it's
natural inclination would be to pull it's hips back, away from the source of
pain.  She took that into account, intending to bring the crop up in an zone
that it would either hit home or find genitalia.  She doubted the sailor was
smart enough to move his hips toward her to avoid the blow.  That would be
functioning at too high a level than he had demonstrated thus far. 

It was an electrifying moment, when the crop reached the point of no return.  It
did produce a satisfying whistle.  Surprisingly enough, the sailor made no
effort to move until the crop bit into the tender flesh between his harnessed
balls and his asshole.  The instant the crop made contact with a resounding
CRACK, his body leapt involuntarily and an animalistic wail escaped from his
gag-dammed mouth.  Karen stepped back to watch the toy bounce and twist while
Tawny and henry continued to pull in opposite directions on it's smooth,
hairless legs.  This was great fun!  Karen felt guilty that Tawny hadn't wielded
the first blow.  It was positively energizing!  She would indulge herself for a
couple more efforts before letting her friend have a crack at it.  It might be
fun to hold the rope for a minute or two.  She enjoyed watching a helpless slave
struggle pointlessly. 

After two more rewarding strikes, Karen reluctantly handed the crop over to
Tawny.  Tawny had gotten so excited that her pussy was oozing sweet nectar, some
of which she scooped onto her fingers and smeared across the sailor's nose.  She
wanted him to know that he was good for something. 

Though not nearly as accomplished with the crop as her friend, Tawny was highly
skilled.  She hadn't used that particular crop, so spent a minute or two getting
a feel for it.  When she was finally ready, she brutally cropped the sailor's
inner thighs from top to bottom. 

Karen thought it was cute the way Tawny made little cries each time she swung
the crop.  She did that when she played tennis or golf, too.  Karen never told
her about it because she didn't want it to stop, or for Tawny to feel self
conscious about it.  The little Tawny cry, followed by the deep, gutteral grunt
and bleating of the sailor, followed by a brief struggle became a nice little
rhythym over the next few minutes.  Karen wished she had made an audio recording
of it.  That would certainly make the flight back to Kabul more interesting.

They had taken all of the spark out of their captive.  He hung limply, his
purple cock and balls still engorged and encased in the tight leather harness. 
Tawny had returned to the chaise lounge, pulling henry's head up between her
legs.  Karen, now holding the crop, began to circle her prey once again.  He was
trying to regain his footing to take the pressure off his wrists, but was too
weak to stay up on his toes for very long. 

"Has the monkey learned it's lesson?", Karen hissed menacingly.  The sailor
nodded.

"Push yourself up on your toes and keep your feet together so that I can finish
marking you as I originally intended.", she ordered.  Her captive struggled to
do as he was told, managing to push himself up and expending the last bit of
energy he had left to stay up.  Karen moved swiftly, marking her toy's right
outside buttock with three perfectly spaced welts, then laying heavily into his
lower abdomen for three nicely placed horizontal strikes.  She was pleased by
the result, as well as the knowledge that he was ready for the next diabolical
game that had been dancing around in her imagination.




CHAPTER 34  Backyard Games

When henry was given a chance to service a Mistress, he always knew that they
wanted quick, efficient relief rather than a prolonged teasing session.  For
that, they always, unerringly, used females.  What he lacked in subtle technique
he could make up for in pure lustful eroticism and oral energy. 

Tawny had opted to use him after she cropped the tender thighs of their latest
capture.  Karen watched as henry attacked her delectable pussy with gusto.
Absorbing the thoroughly enticing cacaphony of their mingling cries, moans, and
grunts, she thought of amy.  Where was amy?  She should have completed her tasks
and presented herself by then. 

Karen looked around the back yard until she found a spare brick behind the
masonry grill.  There was no need to damage the goods. If the sailor hung from
his wrists much longer he could end up worthless.  So, she carefully placed the
brick directly under him, knowing he would stand on it to take the pressure off. 
It was a pity that he could only stand on it with one foot at a time.  No need
to coddle them, she thought.

Karen left Tawny to enjoy what was sure to be a noisy orgasm, and made her way
back to the house.  She entered the rear door to the garage and found lizbeth
and slut properly secured to the back wall as she had instructed.  Both
continued to suffer the effects of the aphrodesiac cocktail they had secretly
been dosed with.  That was made obvious by the way they were desperately
rotating their hips and squeezing their legs together in vain attempts to
satisfy the overwhelming need they were suffering. 

pig had been chained to the eye bolt in front of it's hut, and was lapping water
out of it's bowl with that cute little mouselike tongue.  amy had apparently
given it a couple of apple flavored treats, as there were a few crumbs on the
concrete floor next to the food bowl.  She patted pig on it's smooth head and
quickly ran her hands over it's body to ensure it remained accustomed to such
inspections.  She presented her thumb to pig's lips and felt it being welcomed
and accepted into the little, suckling mouth.  The creature's eyes were bright
and it seemed attentive despite the hours it had spent strapped to the table in
the guest bedroom.  The ink mural that adorned and darkened the back half of
it's body was truly exquisite, and could not be appreciated in only a few
minutes of observation.  Tawny was right, this creature would make a wonderful
living artform.  Karen looked forward to the final result, but that would be at
least half a year away.  She pulled her thumb out with a pop and moved off into
the house in search of amy.  The last thing she needed would be to find amy
involved in some inappropriate behavior.  She mentally prepared herself, then
moved stealthily toward her bedroom. 

amy was there, carefully folding Karen's panties for placement in her suitcase. 
She had been crying.  "What's the trouble, little one?", Karen asked.  She was
genuinely concerned.  It was not at all like amy to cry.  Despite her diminutive
size, she was the toughest of Tawny's household coterie. 

"This humble servant is sad, M'Lady."

"Oh?  Why?"

"This humble servant will miss M'Lady." 
Karen was touched.  She loved amy, too.   She was a special slave, one worth
coddling.  She knelt beside amy, hugging her close.  "Poor thing.  I'll miss you
too, but I'll be back in a few months."

"Yes, M'Lady.", amy replied sullenly. 

Karen guided her down, turning her until her head rested in Karen's lap.  She
looked up into Karen's eyes, then quickly looked away.  Karen appreciated the
degree of risk the young girl had just taken in violating the prohibition
against direct eye contact.  Had her mood been different, it might have become a
very, very bad day for amy.  Of course, she couldn't let it pass.  "When I do
come back, you'll need to be punished for that.", Karen whispered soothingly. 

"Yes, M'Lady.", amy anwered with a sigh. 

Karen cupped her right breast.  Leaning over, she guided it into amy's parting
lips.  "I'll allow you to suckle me for a few minutes, little one.  There's work
to be done."

henry had done a wonderful job!  Tawny very much enjoyed his frenetic oral style
when her need was great, and he had delivered again.  She half wondered why she
didn't use him in that way more often, then reminded herself that she was rarely
in a hurry for an orgasm.  Of course, he would be rewarded, but she didn't know
then just how.  To keep him occupied, she had told him to loosen the captive's
cock and ball harness, but to ensure that the erection stayed just as it was. 
She smiled.  It hadn't taken henry two seconds to have that little stump between
his lips.  She was concerned that he was overstimulating it, and reminded him
that he should not let the sailor cum.  She waited a few minutes before ordering
him to rebuckle the harness.  His disappointment was obvious. 

"I think it would be safe for you to go ahead and give our friend two or three
enemas, henry.  Karen obviously had you bring the supplies for a reason."

"Yes, M'Lady.", henry answered.  Though the fellow was not happy with having the
tube inserted into his ass nor the quart of warm water that subsequently flowed
into it, he was particularly disturbed when henry removed the tube and plugged
his ass.  Mistress Karen had selected a particular anal plug that henry knew to
be the best option for captives.  It was constructed of soft, molded latex, but
shaped such that the top was very narrow and pointed to allow it to be easily
forced past an unwilling sphincter.  It tapered outward to a modest
circumference then quickly recessed to the heavy, narrow base which prevented it
from being forced out.  The sailor had made some weak attempts to avoid his
fate, but had quickly discovered his resistance to be futile and now stood flat
footed and wobbly on the brick, whimpering through his nose. 

"While we let his bowels soak, go and check on Karen for me, henry.  See if she
needs help with anything.", Tawny ordered.  She moved over to the lawn chair
Karen had sat in, opposite the exhausted, tormented former sailor.  Tawny pulled
her legs up and back, resting them on either arm and providing a clear,
unobstructed view of her wet, swollen, and smooth pussy.  She reached down with
her right hand, spreading her lips open and stroking herself absentmindedly. 

"Tell me something, whoever you are.   Did you really think I was an asian
mexican or something?"

The man's eyes focused on her brazenly displayed pussy and stayed there.  It was
as though he were trying to relish a view that under any other circumstances
might have been quite exciting for him.  "Ugh!", he grunted.

She pulled back the hood, exposing her clitoris, and stroked it's underside for
a few minutes, enjoying the attention she was getting.  Finally, she spoke
again.  "Do you know why we're cleaning out your ass?"

"Ugh?"  His head shook a couple of times.  He really was dumb, she thought.

She slipped a couple of fingers deeply into herself, then pulled them out and
raised them to her lips.  She loved the taste of herself.   She slowly licked
her glistening fingers off, saving every second of it.  "Well, I'm not quite
sure.  But, I am assuming that we are preparing a place for henry to deposit a
load of his pent-up man juice.  It's been so long for him, that I can only
imagine how much cum he'll pump into you."

The captive began to flop around a bit, as though he thought by some miracle
that his bonds would break and he could bound over the high wall that surrounded
the back yard.  Tawny laughed out loud, then returned to stroking herself. 
After a long silence, she said, "No, you're not going to like it.  Not one bit. 
It will feel like a freight train is going straight up through your body, and
you'll never be the same again."

She got no reaction.



Karen was feeling warm all over by the time she noticed henry standing in the
doorway, that huge, beautiful cock standing out proudly, his hand over his
mouth.  amy was ministering to her left breast now.  It was wonderful.  "Yes
henry?", Karen asked.

"Mistress Tawny sent this humble servant to inquire as to whether M'Lady
requires his assistance."

"How thoughtful.  Is she getting impatient, henry?"

"This humble servant does not believe so, M'Lady."

"Good.  Gather me up another scotch.  A nice drink would compliment amy's
skills.  Then, go and extend my apology to Tawny, explaining that I am using amy
briefly and that I'll be right out."

"Yes, M'Lady.  With pleasure."


Tawny was not bothered in the least by Karen's use of amy.  She knew how much
they had bonded and she loved them both, though in completely different ways. 
She was enjoying tormenting the worthless bag of flesh that hung from the tree. 
She had instructed henry to empty and refill him four times already, and the
water was now coming out just as clear as it was going in.  Of course the man
was humiliated by the fact that he was repeatedly shitting himself, but she
would have henry relocate him and hose him off when he was through being
cleaned.  She told henry to go through one more cycle, then gave him
instructions as to where and how she wanted him positioned.

It was a good time to take a dip.  She strolled lazily toward the pool.  By the
time she had completed ten laps, henry was driving the three stakes into the
ground in the general area she had specified.  Tawny hung onto the edge to watch
as henry stood on the lawn chair to unfasten the former sailor's wrists from the
dangling chain.  She giggled.  henry's huge cock was so long that he couldn't
accomplish the task without it rubbing against the captive.  He, in turn, acted
as though the thing were a pit of vipers, whimpering like a child as he tried in
vain to keep it from touching him. 

henry led him by his bound wrists over to the garden hose and quickly rinsed
every inch of his body off.  he then pulled him toward the center of the yard,
where he had just installed the heavy wooden stakes in the ground.  he jerked
harshly downward on the man's wrists, but met with resistance in his effort to
take him down.  Stepping off to the side, he kicked the back of the sailor's
right leg until his knee buckled, then pushed him down onto the lawn.  henry
locked the wrist cuffs to a ring in one stake.  As the toy struggled to pull his
arms free, henry jumped aside to pull roughly at the nylon rope that remained
tied to the left ankle, and knotted it around a second stake.  Now the man knew
how vulnerable he was, and jerked his right leg violently back and forth to
prevent henry from yanking securing the right ankle to the stake.  The struggle
lasted only a few seconds, and henry was soon able to step back to ensure that
the captive was secured in the manner that had been proscribed to him.

Tawny clapped.  "Well done, cowboy!", she called out to henry.  He smiled.  It
was very nice to please the Mistress. 

The naked former sailor was positioned on his elbows and knees with his legs
spread wide and wrists cuffed together and locked to the stake directly in front
of him. He was breathing heavily. The welts across his white ass had started to
fade, which made the necessity of adding new ones something  to look forward to. 
He was in a most uncomfortable position.  It was delightful to witness.     

Tawny ordered henry to put away any of the extra items that weren't being used,
with the exception of the light crop.  That, she wanted put in the sailor's ass. 
He could be productive even if he was uselessly stupid.  She greatly enjoyed the
almost instantaneous transition from white to crimson that the former sailor's
face took on when henry eased the crop handle deeply into his exposed asshole. 
Of course, he grunted and whimpered like the girly man he obviously had always
been.  Tawny enjoyed his discomfort, and decided to have henry remove the clamps
that had been so cruelly embedded in his nipples.  The squeeling that followed
reminded Tawny of the delicious keening that pig had produced when henry had
impaled her virgin cunt. 



Karen sipped the scotch down much more quickly than was normal for her.  She was
anxious to return to the fun to be had in the back yard.  amy's expert suckling
was both arousing and comforting.  Karen soon realized she would be content to
spend the rest of the afternoon quietly holding amy and sipping scotch, which
was all the more reason to cut it short and get on with things.  There was too
much to do before tomorrow morning. 

She pushed amy's head gently down onto her lap.  "Finish packing my things
immediately.  When you're finished, this is what I want you to do..."

Karen rose and left the bedroom.  She refilled the scotch on her way out.  She
was amused to see the former sailor staked on the lawn with the crop sticking
out of his ass.    Tawny smiled at her from the pool.  "I hope you don't mind. 
I had henry clean our friend out and secure him.   I assumed you might be using
him as a hole for henry."

Karen strode over to the edge of the pool.  She smiled down at Tawny.  "No
problem.  I'm sorry I took so long with amy.  She is...going to miss me."

"Maybe I ought to sell the little bitch if she's going to take my girlfriend
away.", Tawny joked.  Then she muttered, "Leaving me out here surrounded by
penises..."

Karen laughed, then crouched down on the pool edge beside Tawny. 

"You are just as sexy as you can be, Karen.  But, those shoes have got to go!"

Karen looked down at her canvas tennies.  She knew they weren't exactly a
compliment to her nakedness.  "Bitch.", she hissed.

"Cunt!", Tawny barked. 

Before Karen knew it, Tawny had grasped her by her arm and jerked her head first
into the pool.  They splashed each other, loudly frolicking in the pool until
amy and henry were both in position to await their next instructions.

Karen didn't want the new toy to overhear any of her instructions to amy, so she
got out of the pool and quietly issued her orders.  henry, his massive cock
still fully erect, was directed to a specific location about twenty feet in
front of their new lawn ornament and placed on his back. 



Inside the garage, amy loosened the hoods on lizbeth and slut just enough to
dislodge one earplug, enabling them to hear her directions.  She informed them
that they were about to play a very fun game.  They would be placed at opposite
ends of the back yard with their hoods on and hands secured behind their backs. 
In the yard were two male slaves.  One was henry, on his back with his cock
ready for use.  The other was staked to the ground, on his knees and elbows,
with a crop protruding from his ass.   She explained that both Mistresses were
in the yard as well, and that the object of the game was to ensure that they
were well entertained. 

"Your task is to move quickly around the yard, searching for each other and for
the two men.  If you get too near the Mistresses, they will whip you.  I am to
give them each a horsewhip before we begin.  When you find henry you must mount
him. I will crop you when it is time for you to dismount henry and begin your
search again.  You are to continue to fuck him as deeply as you can manage until
I do.  The Mistresses will consider rewarding you if they feel you have taken
more than your share of henry.  Do you both understand so far?"

amy was pleased to see that they nodded quickly.  She sensed a bit more
enthusiasm from slut than she did from lizbeth, which was to be expected.

"Good.", she continued.  "When you find the slave who is staked - and be careful
of the stakes in the ground as they could be dangerous - you are to remove the
crop from his ass with your hands, kick him twice, then straddle his body and
pee on him.  Be sure not to empty yourself as you will be expected to pee on him
each time you find him.  After you have peed on him you will replace the crop in
his ass.  It will be awkward for you, but you can do it.  Do you understand
this?"  They both nodded again. 

"When you find each other, you will position yourselves such that you may rub
your cunts together.  You will try as best you can to achieve orgasms prior to
my cropping you, at which point you must stop.  The Mistresses will determine
when I am to crop you.  Do you both understand all of this?"  The leather-hooded
heads nodded in unison one final time. 

"They will not tolerate hesitance and want a display of lusful enthusiasm." 
With that, she zipped and buckled the hoods back into place, returning both of
the women to the deaf, blind, and mute world they had been placed in. 



slut had been wondering if she was going insane.  Bound as she had been for much
of the day; first to the table, then to the garage ceiling, then to the garage
wall, she could not conceive of how she would ever be able to satisfy the
unending horniness that had completely taken her over.  She had tried everything
possible to get something in contact with her needful cunt, but aside from Miss
Tawny's sadistic teasing earlier she had failed.  Now...now!  Oh, she loved the
idea of the game.  She was sure she would cum and cum and cum, whipped and
cropped or not, she would cum.  She would be the model of "lustful enthusiasm",
and she would guarantee the Mistresses complete satisfaction.  Simply being led
out into the back yard was so much better than spending hours bound motionless. 
It felt wonderful to move despite the hood and the fact that her wrists were
cuffed together behind her.   She sucked in the fresh air through the tiny holes
in the heavy leather hood, and was surprised that not even the slightest amount
of light penetrated it.  She could feel the hot sun beating down on her naked
body, and wondered if her cunt were not hotter.  Oh!  To fuck henry!  She had to
find him...

She was led some distance, perceiving it to be the general area where she
prepared herself and pig each morning. Once there, however, she was spun around
several times, moved some distance more, spun around again, moved, spun, and so
on until she was completely disoriented.  She would have to rely on instinct and
whatever information her bare feet could convey.  If she could find the edge of
the pool or some of the plantings, she could get herself oriented.  After a few
seconds passed, she thought it best to at least spread her feet the proper
distance, as required for the "wait" position.  She did not want to give the
Mistresses any reason not to allow her a reward.  Yes, she would hump lizbeth. 
It would be delicious.  Oh!  slut couldn't wait!



lizbeth had been spun and moved in the same manner as slut.  She, too was
completely unaware of her relative location in the yard.  The cocktail of drugs
that she had unwittingly consumed earlier continued to pulse through her brain,
causing her to be completely overwhelmed by a horniness she had never known
before.  Unlike slut, however, lizbeth was fearful.  She had come to dread the
presence of Mistress Karen and was sure something would happen that would
ultimately lead to her punishment.  The requirement that she fuck henry, and in
both holes, for God's sake, were not attractive to her at all in terms of her
preferences.  But, the hunger in her cunt made the thought of it more than
tolerable.  She would love to rub cunts with slut, and looked forward to finding
her. 



amy gently pushed each girl off to begin the game, then took up the crop she was
to use to help guide them.  She tried to keep an eye on both of them, but
quickly found them meandering in completely different directions.  She ran to
catch up to lizbeth and tapped her on her right hip to direct her more to the
left.  Then, she ran to slut, tapping her until she was nearly completely turned
around and heading toward the center of the yard.  slut moved quickly, her heavy
breasts bouncing lewdly, the fat, long nipples poking out and up in a manner
that caused all who saw her to know just how aroused she was.  Her glistening
thighs did nothing to lessen the clear impression that she was beside herself
with lust.  She was searching frantically; stepping forward quickly, waving
alternating feet forward in a broad, sweeping motion in the same manner that a
blind man uses a stick.  She was doing her best to cover as much area as she
could in the minimum time possible.  Remarkably, she was doing so in a very
enticing way. 




"Very nice.", Tawny commented. 

"Yes.  Given the situation she is surprisingly graceful.", Karen agreed.  "More
than we can say for your clumsy English maid.", she added mockingly.

One who looked upon her in dumbfounded shock was the former sailor, helplessly
bound to the stakes in the lawn.  He immediately recognized his ex-wife, and was
completely surprised by the fact that she was here and not in Costa Rica.  His
muddled brain slowly processed the concept that maybe she had never been in
Costa.  He remained abused and exhausted, but the sight of her...the cruelty of
what was being done to him...was so...



Lizbeth took short, rapid, mincing steps.  She appeared as though she were
afraid she might hurt herself and so was being extra cautious.  She would tap
her feet around a bit in front of her then take a few more steps.  Though there
seemed to be a nice breeze blowing, the leather hood made her head feel as
though it were one hundred degrees.  She could feel perspiration pouring out
from under it and running down over her body in teasing streams. 

It was with apprehension and hope that she first bumped into something.  Her
left foot just barely came into contact with something.  She briefly considered
moving along, fearful that if it were anything other than slut she would surely
fail and be punished.  Lizbeth realized that she was in no position to form
judgements as to how closely she was being watched and whether anyone else had
noticed her fleeting contact.  So, she turned toward whatever it was and began
probing.  Balancing on her right foot, she moved her left foot hurriedly around
on top of the grass, finally locating something solid.  It was a foot, with the
heel in the air.  She moved her foot up the lower leg to find the knee was bent
and the upper leg came back toward her. Something touched her left hip, and she
realized she must have found the mysterious "male slave" that was staked to the
yard.  What had touched her was the tip of the crop that she had been told was
mounted in his ass.

lizbeth turned away, trying to find the crop with her hands, which remained
cuffed behind her.  Her height was all wrong, so she spread her legs widely and
tried to crouch down.  Moving backward slowly, she reached behind her with her
cuffed hands, trying to locate the crop again.  Finally, she felt it and
surrounded it in her hands.   Knowing that she had to reinstall it after pulling
it out, she thought it best to follow the crop down to locate the insertion
point.  She was breathing heavily through the small holes in the hood, feeling
her thighs and arms strain in the awkward position she had assumed.  Clearly,
the slave in whom the crop was mounted was anything but happy about it.  His
hips, and thusly the crop, bounced and rotated like an angry bull.  lizbeth
thought she could be easily thrown off balance and feared fallng on one of the
stakes.  Rather than chance it, she simply stepped away, pulling the crop with
her. 



slut hadn't changed.  She was still deeply fearful of being slapped, hit,
whipped, or cropped.  Not being able to see it coming was something she had
experienced in her brutal training under Miss Karen's ownership, but not
expecting it is entirely different.  For a few seconds she was stunned.  It was
almost as though she had been stung by a hornet, except that the pain was much
more intense and covered a large swath of her upper inside thigh.  She felt the
impact, froze, then went rigid as the white, searing pain of the crop strike
shot through her entire body.  She knew better than to turn away or to try to
run.  After realizing she had process the pain and was still functional, she
simply continued her search in a direction that was only slightly away from
where she assumed someone would have had to stand to crop her where they had. 



Tawny was laughing.  The fact that they had admired slut's handling of her body
under the circumstances didn't exempt her from tasting the crop.  Karen was so
good with it, that she had simply gotten in position and waited for slut to
present the inner thigh before striping it nicely.  What made it funny was the
melodramatic way that Karen had blown on the crop, as though it were a
six-shooter, while she strutted away from slut.

"Very nice reaction.", Tawny said, motioning toward slut. 

"Surprisingly so.", Karen agreed.  "But look at yours lay into those balls!"

They both watched in amusement as lizbeth kicked the sailor squarely in his
purple, distended and engorged cock and balls.  His groan was telling.  "Happy
accident.", Tawny observed.  Karen agreed.  "Nice shot, though."

Before the sailor could recover from being kicked, he felt, then turned to see,
the woman straddle his body and begin to piss on his back.  It was a brief but
full dribble that ran downhill over his upper back and shoulders before running
off into the lawn.  He didn't much care about that, instead twisting to see if
his crotch hadn't been permantently disfigured.  It felt as though he had been
badly injured.  He was able to see that his balls were swelling, but was
relieved that they were still there.  The woman had stepped back off him, but
was now crudely poking his ass with the handle of the damned riding crop.  She
had felt for his ass and had taken aim as best she could between his cheeks. 
Now, she threatened to poke it into his damaged balls.  He lowered his ass to
protect himself, but only succeeded in helping her shove the thing deep into him
before stumbling off across the yard. 

He looked off to his right to see the little one without a hood sort of tapping
Carol toward him.  She had a bright red welt on her thigh, and he could see
clearly, as she scanned the yard with her legs, that her shaved pussy was
glistening and swollen.  In only a few seconds, she pulled the crop out and
kicked him, hard. 

"Whoa!", Karen exclaimed.  "That dumb monkey sure can scream through his nose,
can't he?"

"Yes.  Best one so far.  Makes me wet.", answered Tawny.  "I love that he knows
his wife is kicking him in the balls and pissing on him, but she doesn't know. 
You are truly wicked."

"Of course I am.   Did you think we'd be playing croquet on our last day
together?"

lizbeth turned a bit toward the right and was heading in Tawny's general
direction.  slut had wet the sailor's back and was sweeping her way toward the
pool.  She had missed henry.  Karen motioned with her hand, communicating to amy
that she was to turn slut back toward henry.  amy began tapping slut on her left
hip until she had her aimed in the right direction, then tapped up between her
legs to indicate that she was to go straight ahead. 

Tawny got up to position herself in front of lizbeth.  She was not to be outdone
by her friend and lover.  She stepped agressively forward just as lizbeth
approached, shoving four fingers roughly up the slave's sopping cunt and
gripping it, forcing her thumb down hard over the clit.  Reaching up with her
left hand, she gripped then twisted lizbeth's hard left nipple, holding her body
in place as she began to pump her fingers quickly in and out of the lesbian
slave's smooth, tight hole. 

Tawny felt lizbeth's body shudder at the sudden penetration.  She knew, however,
that all of lizbeth's sexual dislikes could quickly be overcome with the help of
the nice combination of drugs that had kept her in a state of hyperdesire for
much of the day.  lizbeth had never liked being penetrated.  But, Tawny had
other plans.  She rotated her thumb over the slave's hardened clit, finally
taking the time to push the hood back and expose it fully.  With four fingers
lodged firmly inside and her thumbnail digging into lizbeth's rigid little nub,
Tawny began working her hand in and out, in and out, in quick, short motions.

Karen watched slut discover henry and begin to mount his massive cock.  She knew
how gleeful slut would be to have found him, and would have to pay close
attention to ensure she did not enjoy him too fully so early in the game. 
henry, as he had been instructed, lay flat on his back on the lawn, holding his
cock straight up.  He was not to assist in any other way.  It was a nice sight,
with slut straddling henry, rotating her hips back and forth as she slid her
sopping, hot, and needful cunt over the giant pink head.  It glistened in the
sunlight.  Karen was surprised to see that slut was so wet that her juices had
begun to seep down over the length of henry's big stick as his head forced her
lips out wider to accommodate it.  It hadn't taken her long to work the head up
inside her, and she had begun to force herself down onto it when Karen turned
her attention to Tawny, who was toying with lizbeth. 

Karen moved up behind lizbeth, reaching around to dig her nails into the slave's
pert little nipples.  This freed Tawny's left hand to begin probing the haughty
slave's asshole, something she genuinely hated.  As Tawny forced a finger up
into the tight, dry little hole, she eased her thumb in under lizbeth's inner
lips and worked her hand in just a bit deeper.  She knew the slave well, and
knew lizbeth would be frightened at what was happening to her.  Unfortunately
for her, the copius amounts of lubricant that she was producing demonstrated
that her body was clearly betraying her mind. 

"You've never fisted her?", Karen asked.

"No...she absolutely hates to have things in her cunt.", Tawny replied
matter-of-factly.  She was pushing upward with steady pressure now, fighting
lizbeth's obvious effort to resist.  This was something she had been wanting to
correct for a very long time.  No slave of hers would have the freedom to reject
the full and unfettered use of her cunt.  Tawny had chastised herself many times
over for allowing the circumstance to continue.  Today was the day that she
would break lizbeth.  In Tawny's mind she felt that to do so while lizbeth's
body was artificially aroused to such a high degree was the more compassionate
approach to take.  This didn't mean that the process would be gentle in any way,
just that the timing was convenient. 

Frustrated that lizbeth would work so hard to keep her out, Tawny jerked her
finger out of lizbeth's unwelcoming ass and reached around to dig her nails into
lizbeth's exposed clit.  She pinched it between her fingers and pulled it
roughly downward while at the same time thrusting upward with her fist.  She
made a little progress with that, but was struck mainly by the immediate
increase in the rise and fall of lizbeth's full, round breasts on her chest. 
Tawny certainly had her attention.  She twisted the clit, nearly rotating it the
full distance around, and thrust her fist upward quickly four or five times. 
She was rewarded by a gain of an inch or two, but felt the cunt opening beyond
the point where it would be feasible to resist any further.  A long dollop of
lizbeth's "sweet English" slowly moved down Tawny's arm, tickling her as it
went. 
Tawny looked up momentarily, appreciating the abuse Karen was inflicting on
lizbeth's quickly reddening tits.  Karen alternately slapped, squeezed, pinched,
and twisted the quivering, gelatinous orbs in a manner that showcased all of the
expertise she had amassed over the years.  This motivated Tawny to inflict her
own discomfort on the helpless British slave. She leaned forward to suck the
flesh surrounding the clit between her teeth began biting it.  lizbeth
immediately started to shake uncontrollably.  Tawny then pushed upward again,
and in one, single, raw thrust she forced her hand  into lizbeth's spasming
cunt.  Tawny savored the resiliency of the cunt as it enveloped her hand and
slowly constricted again around her wrist.  She held it there briefly, allowing
what she as sure was the most intense orgasm of lizbeth's young life to crest,
before forcing her hand even more deeply into the girl's womb.  She regretted
that the orgasm had occurred at all, but the fact that it had made it all the
more necessary to force the issue so that lizbeth could not begin to believe any
of this was about her pleasure. 



Karen seized each breast at it's base, squeezing them into tight, round balls
and playfully slapping them against each other.  She knew how Tawny could get
carried away once she got a slave's cunt between her teeth.  She would have to
keep an eye on her to keep her from making a mess of things.  Karen glanced
toward slut.  She shook her head in wonder at how that cunt could take that much
cock so quickly.  It was almost as though slut were doing deep knee bends as she
steadily rode the thick, long pole.  Karen knew at that moment that slut could
take it to the hilt with the proper encouragement.  She only lacked six or seven
more inches as it was. 

She made eye contact with amy and nodded, indicating that slut had enjoyed
enough fucking for the moment.  amy responded by placing the crop under slut's
ass and raising it until slut's cunt was forced up and over the bulbous,
slickened purple head.  It was comical how slut was moving now that she knew
where the big cock was.  She would obviously try to circle around to it again,
without it being obvious.  Karen dropped lizbeth's right tit to make a circling
motion for amy.  Dutifully, amy guided slut off to a corner of the yard and
began to spin slut around to get her disoriented again. 

Karen again took hold of the right breast, but stretched it out of the way so
that she could see Tawny.  She was proud to see that she was pistoning her arm
in and out of the arrogant bitch slave.  Karen found lizbeth's muffled
whimperings to be surprisingly enjoyable.  It seemed she was in considerable
pain as Tawny began to thrust up ever further toward her cervix.  This was good. 
The cunt simply did not rise to the level that Tawny had allowed her to enjoy. 
Though Karen had kept her opinion to herself, she believed lizbeth would make a
better property whore than a household servant.  There would be time for all
such adjustments. 


"I think as soon as you have gotten that cunt worked over we should put her on
henry.", Karen suggested casually. 

Tawny now had half her lower arm encased in lizbeth's flesh, and was greatly
enjoying every second of it.  Rather than interrupt her pit-bull-like grip on
lizbeth's raw clit, she simply nodded, shaking the abused nub in the process. 
lizbeth's cunt juices flowed downward over her chin and neck. 

slut had almost cum on henry's cock.  She felt cheated, abused, and humiliated
to have been denied the orgasm that had been rising in her as she ground herself
down on his awesome cock.  Despite being removed to another area and spun
around, she was confident she would find him again and again.  After being so
filled, she was less interested in finding lizbeth than in fucking henry again. 
Oh!  She could feel her cunt flow freely down her thighs and simply
wanted...cock.  She wondered briefly about the other male slave, the one she had
kicked and pissed on.  Would she be allowed to swallow his cock and to milk him
dry?  If only she could get some cum down her throat.  She longed for it...the
hood was so hot and the penis gag such a tease...she felt so empty...if only she
could find henry again!
    

The poor former sailor was stupified.  He had just watched his former wife, the
woman he thought he still loved, the school teacher, quite willingly mount
herself on the biggest cock he had ever seen.  Whatever was going on here was
just bizarre.  He recalled how much of a prude she had been.  Despite having her
hands bound behind her and the S&M hood, she clearly was excited and eager to
locate the faggoty guy with the huge penis.  She had kicked him in the balls,
raped his ass with the handle of a crop, pissed on him, and enthusiastically
fucked in front of him.  Whatever had happened to her, it had brought about
quite a change.  He recalled how much he had enjoyed those nipples, and how
embarrassed she had always been by them.  He knew something wasn't right when he
got the "Dear John" letter, divorce papers, and subsequent glossies depicting
her sucking and fucking a black man.  She had been taken from him and turned
into something...some kind of...sexual freak.  It was all too much to bear.  His
balls felt as though they might explode in the harness.  He shook his ass,
trying to work the crop out of it.  Fuck!  The little one that had been steering
Carol around was coming toward him.

Karen had left Tawny to continue to piston her lower arm into lizbeth while she
strolled up behind the dumb former sailor.  There was nothing like a kick to the
balls to get them to mind their own business.  While he was distracted by amy,
Karen stepped into a nice, smooth, full kick that she thought worthy of a
football guy.  His knees came off the ground and he writhed in agony, emitting
that wonderful animalistic keening through his nose.  "Keep your eyes focused on
that cock that your wife loves so much.", Karen said calmly. 




CHAPTER 35  Closure

Tawny approached Karen, casually licking off her slick and glistening lower
right arm.  She had been so involved in fisting lizbeth that she had lost track
of Karen.  She was surprised to see that she had pulled up a lawn chair next to
their new toy.  slut and lizbeth were both wandering around harmlessly, unable
to find each other let alone anything else.  Tawny was sure that lizbeth would
prefer to have some time to recover after what she had put her through, but
Tawny had other plans. 

"What's the ringside seat for?", Tawny asked.

"Oh, I've just had the most wicked thought!", Karen exclaimed, smiling.  "Our
friend here thought he'd take matters into his own hands and tried to shake the
crop out of his ass.  I helped him with it, but it cost a bit of contentment
where his little gonads are concerned."  

Tawny nodded as she continued to lick off her arm and hand.

"Anyway, I thought Casanova here would find it quite troubling to be fucked by
his wife, so I have amy bringing the harness."

"Oh, that is wicked.", Tawny commented without enthusiasm.  "I hope with a big
one?"

"Yes.  Ten inch."

"Let me get a chair.  This will be fun."



slut was doing everything that she could to avoid a forbidden orgasm.  She felt
helpless to prevent it, however, with the way amy, or someone, was handling her. 
At first she was not at all sure what was being done to her, but soon realized a
strap-on dildo had been tightly fastened to her.  It pressed firmly against her
sopping cunt, squeezing juices out which then ran down her thighs.  She surmised
she would be fucking the male slave that she and lizbeth had been made to abuse,
so was not surprised when she was led a short distance to an unknown point and
guided down onto her knees.  Unable to see or hear anything through the full
head hood, she simply reacted to the hands which guided her forward, then a bit
to the side.  She felt tugging, pulling her hips forward, and knew the dildo was
being inserted for her.  Seconds later, her hips were grasped on either side
from behind and she was shown that it was time to begin fucking. 

It took only a few seconds for her to get properly balanced on her knees and to
find the proper stroke length.  She had been fucked by Miss Karen with the long,
shiny black dildo that she was fairly sure was the one mounted on her now. 
Thinking of that did nothing to push back the mounting pressure on her cunt. 
There was absolutely no way she was going to avoid it.  She began to wonder if
it would be better to attempt to control and conceal it or just let it happen. 
Of course the Mistresses would understand that she had no ability to prevent it. 
Maybe she could...

Before slut could finish her thought, a shattering spike of pure shivering
pleasure shot up through her body.  As much as she tried to maintain her fucking
rhythm, the spasms she experienced caused her muscles to tighten to the point of
immobility for several long seconds.  She simply knelt there, in mid-stroke,
quivering uncontrollably.  It was delicious.  While it was happening she didn't
care if they chopped her feet off for it, but as it began to subside, fear
overcame her.  Quickly, she began pumping again, hopeful that heads had been
turned in another direction or that mercy would be extended in consideration of
the circumstances.



"Look at how his eyes are bulging.", Karen observed calmly.

"Yes.  It's as though he has never been fucked before.", Tawny replied.  She
looked over her shoulder to see that lizbeth was simply standing off in a corner
of the yard.  She was obviously crying inside that hood.   Too bad for her,
Tawny thought.  "amy, retrieve lizbeth and get her cunt mounted on henry."

While the diminutive, favorite slave hurried off to do as she was told, Tawny
noticed slut's infraction.  She glanced over at Karen, who was already looking
back at her. 

Tawny felt a real affection for slut, borne mostly out of the fact that she
found Karen's new slave incredibly erotic.  "How could she help it?", Tawny
asked.

"She couldn't.  Do you think we should let her believe she got away with it?"

"Yes.  She's a good slave.  Here, let me."  Tawny got up and stepped over to
slut.  She took hold of slut's left nipple and dug her fingernails deeply into
it as she twisted and tugged roughly on the long, fat nub.  She then turned and
sat down.  "Message delivered.", Tawny announced.

"Bitch.", Karen said flatly.

"Cunt.", Tawny replied.



lizbeth felt as though she could not take any more.  She jumped back when she
felt amy grasp her upper arm, which only resuledt in amy taking a firm hold on
her left tit.  She was led, reluctantly, some distance and was made to step over
something.  amy guided her back a very short distance until...she felt...henry's
cock grazing the inside of her thighs.  She stiffened her legs, as if she were a
stubborn horse refusing to cross a stream.  Suddenly her nose was being pinched
through the hood.  With the penis gag filling her mouth, she was unable to
breath.  Now it was a matter of breathing or of being impaled on that huge cock,
and she knew she was defeated. 



"Now that one is worthless.  Completely worthless.", Karen said, nodding toward
lizbeth and her foolish efforts to disobey.

"She is a disappointment.  Thank you for making that so obvious. "

"What do you plan to do about it?"

"Oh, I'll probably send her down to the arena for a few months."

Karen hadn't heard anything about the arena before.  "What?"

"I must not have told you.  I have a small oval dirt track down in the basement
of my house.  It's pretty cool.  Has stadium style seats and lots of stonework. 
I use it for training and conditioning mostly, but it's got a lot of uses."

Karen remembered that Tawny always used the term "house" rather than "mansion",
"castle", or "estate".  She was so unpretentious, and cute.  "Sounds great.",
Karen answered.  "I can't wait."

"I'll miss you.", Tawny said softly.

Karen smiled.  The sailor was getting very unhappy with the incessant fucking
his wife was giving him.  He was keening at a very high pitch, which was music
to Karen's ears.

It was satsfying to see the haughty British whore finally get henry stuffed up
inside that cunt.  Now she would know her Mistresses' fist was a mere appetizer. 
Karen was somewhat let down by effects of the drug cocktail she had slipped both
lizbeth and slut.  Of course, slut was fine because she had a preexisting
fondness for cocks and everything about them.  It was valuable to know the drugs
did not completely overcome discomfort and pain.  All in all, it had been a
successful experiment.  This was evidenced, in part, by the degree of enthusiasm
slut was showing in unknowingly fucking her own ex husband.  She was using long,
forceful strokes and varying her pace.  It was almost as though she were fucking
him the way she would have wanted to be fucked.  He, of course, was not taking
it with the same degree his wife would have, however.



For the remainder of the afternoon and into early evening, Tawny and Karen
enjoyed their final opportunity of the year to share the pleasure of owning
slaves.  They eventually grew bored of watching the former sailor be fucked, so
had slut fuck lizbeth in the ass for twenty minutes or so.  Karen had amy remove
the penis gags from lizbeth and henry, providing access to their mouths.  Henry
was deserving of a long overdue orgasm, so he was permitted to pump his
volumnous load into lizbeth's mouth.  This they had lizbeth pass on to slut's
mouth, who then had to pass it back to lizbeth, and so on.  It provided quite a
contrast in that slut was desperate to have the cum and dearly wanted to swallow
it while lizbeth was loath to take it and could not rid herself of it quickly
enough.

Tawny and Karen agreed that slut should be permitted another orgasm, so they
allowed her and lizbeth to "bump into" each other.  That provided a few minutes
of high entertainment as the two "girls" struggled awkwardly  to get and keep
enough leverage as they ground their wet cunts into each other.  This renewed
lizbeth's enthusiasm despite the abuse she had suffered, and she too was able to
steal a quick orgasm there between slut's legs on the lawn.

When Karen and Tawny finally grew bored, they ordered henry to clean up the well
used sailor and to seal him up in the very same shipping crate that had been
used to deliver henry.

amy and henry prepared a nice meal, which Karen and Tawny enjoyed in the
sunroom.  As they ate, they watched slut take pig on a nice early evening stroll
around the back yard, then had henry and amy take a swim.  lizbeth had been
mounted on the hut in the garage.  Neither of them had any use for her, so Karen
recommended that they begin to get the worthless slave accustomed to a more
difficult life, and Tawny agreed.

Such a punishment is made all the more effective when the slave is aware that
she is completely alone in it.  So, they had her hood removed just after
mounting her so that she could see that all of the others were able to move
around freely in the garage.  Her cunt rested quite uncomforably on the peak of
the hut roof, which dug incessantly into her tender flesh, making her feel as
though she might be split open.  Her ankles, of course, were strapped to the
sides of the hut, and her wrists cuffed to a chain overhead. 
She was able to keep some of her weight off the hut by pulling herself up on the
chain, which did help to burn calories and firm her arms up a bit.  She was
quite lathered in only a short period of time. 

Karen had suggested that they each take a whack at her with a nice bamboo stick
she had pulled out of one of the crates, but Tawny preferred they wait to see if
she lost her discipline.  So, lizbeth suffered quietly while the rest of the
household went about it's business.

henry was ordered to load the crate containing the sailor into the minivan. 
Karen then injected him with a particularly effective amphetimine and sent him
off with directions for
the warehouse in Miami.  Though the round trip would be grueling, she needed
henry back by tomorrow morning so the final departure could be clean.  The
sailor would probably end up dragging logs in Madagascar, Karen thought.

Karen then had amy put on a pair of rubber gloves before driving the sailor's
car to a public parking lot at the beach.  She followed in her car.  She emptied
the poor bastard's wallet of his cash and credit cards and tossed the empty
wallet on the asphalt next to the car.  She left the car there with the doors
unlocked.  It was a shame that the good sailor had apparently experienced some
misfortune.  It would be such a tragedy if his car got stolen, as well.



slut was so very relieved in many ways.  By the time the hood had finally been
removed from her head she had been thinking her brain might melt and run out of
her earsl.  It felt like the greatest gift she had ever been given to feel cool,
fresh air pass over her face again.  she was very, very grateful for the orgasm
she had been permitted, and for the fact that she had not been too severely
punished for the one that hadn't been allowed.
slut was glad that she was no longer the only new slave.  Whoever the male slave
had been in the yard during the day, he had been harshly abused.  slut
understood that he had been packed into a crate for the evening.  She was
curious to know what he looked like, and how long his cock was. 

She had greatly enjoyed walking pig around the back yard for so long.  It was a
beautiful evening and an easy and pleasurable way to serve her Mistresses. 
After Miss Karen and amy departed, and apparently henry, too, she was told by
Miss Tawny to put pig away in it's hut and come to the sunroom.  slut felt badly
for her friend, who was obviously suffering on top of the hut.  But, she had
clearly done something to deserve such punishment.  slut's first concern was to
avoid making that kind of mistake, so she didn't dawdle.  Besides, Miss Tawny
liked to use her and she was anxious to provide pleasure in any way that she
could.

The day seemed to have been a whirlwind.  slut had been aware that they were
leaving in the morning.  she had been especially apprehensive because of the
discussions about how her body would be modified.  It was true, though, that she
was a slut and really only wanted to be more of one.  If whatever they had
planned would result in her ability to serve her Mistresses better and
resultingly enjoy more cocks, cunts, and pussies, so be it.

Epilogue

Slut awoke from a drug induced haze, soon realizing she was locked in her dog
cage. She felt a rubber penis gag pressing down on her tongue.   There was a
blanket over the cage.  The rhythmic thumping of tires passing over highway
expansion joints told her she was being transported again.  This time, she
assumed, she was being taken to Miss Tawny's home in the mountains.  That had
been the plan for her.

She heard a slight tinkling, and could not determine what it was.  Her wrists
were secured to her ankles, so she couldn't search the sound out with her hands. 
Her clit, now fully exposed at all times, felt odd, like something was...hanging
from it.  She shook her hips back and forth.  Sure enough the tinkling
increased.  It sounded like a tiny bell.  She had been pierced!  Slut could not
understand why she wasn't in pain.  In fact, it was quite a torment, now that
she centered her attention on it.  A delicious torment.  She must have been kept
sedated at least long enough for the piercing to take place, then heal. 

Some weeks earlier,  henry had delivered her to a rogue surgeon for the purpose
of having her body modified to Miss Karen's specifications.  She had been bound,
blindfolded,  and gagged at the time, and so had no ability to identify the
location.  The surgeon had kept her in a cell throughout, and only removed her
once to perform the breast augmentation and the clitoral circumcision, and a
second time to inject something into her lips and nipples.  Each time she was
put on a gurney that he had rolled into the cell, secured to it, then sedated. 
Each time she awakened back in the cell, secured to the narrow bunk, and was
carefully monitored so that she healed properly. 

She had known about the nipple rings;  the doctor had permanently emplaced one
heavy silver ring through each nipple about a half inch from the base.  She knew
about those because there was no sedation, only the pain and suffering of havng
a large hole punched through each nipple with what she thought looked like a
leather punch.  She had passed out when her right nipple was punched, only to be
revived to suffer the punching of her left nipple.  The doctor was clearly
sadistic, as he seemed to get a great deal of pleasure out of that particular
procedure. 

Slut thought it strange that he had not used her much.  She wanted to be fucked
and to suck him.  His was the only cock available, small as it was.  He had
toyed with her a bit, including some photography, but not nearly enough to
satisfy her. 

The evening before her departure Miss Karen had explained to her that she had
been given to Miss Tawny. Miss Karen said she might see slut again at some
unspecified time in the future, but that in the meantime she was to obey Miss
Tawny's every instruction. 
Even though slut had grown quite fond of Miss Tawny, she was more than a little
distressed that the woman who had seized her life and who remained the
controlling force behind all that she did had given her away. Miss Karen had
asked if she understood, and she nodded that she did.  Then, Miss Karen told her
she could ask just two questions.  slut didn't need to think too hard to come up
with them.

"This slut respectfully requests to know when this slut will be allowed to
return to normal life."

"Never.", was the answer.  slut wasn't sure if it was the answer she really
wanted to hear, deep down inside.  But, now she knew.

"This slut respectfully requests to be allowed to worship her owner's beautiful
pussy."

slut remembered trembling as she asked the question, so fearful was she that
Miss Karen would reject her plea.

Now, a smile crossed her lips, there in that cage, as she remembered finally
being permitted the chance to service her owner.  It hadn't been all that she
had hoped for, but it was more than she had ever been given.  Miss Karen simply
lowered her shorts and pulled slut's face in tight against her pussy.  slut
worked it seductively, just as she had been taught, but after only a few minutes
she was pushed away.  Miss Karen simply was not needful of slut's services, but
the fact that she allowed slut to taste her pussy meant that she cared!  That
realization was worth everything to slut.

Miss Karen had her write a final farewell letter to her mother.  She explained
in it that she had chosen a path that would take her to places unknown, but that
she was sure her old life was a thing of the past.  She had to include details
about Megan, now pig, to infer that they were together.  It might have been a
difficult thing for her to do but for the fact that Miss Karen had put pig
between her legs to keep her mindful of her lust-filled life and all of the
experiences it had brought her.  Truth be told, she could no longer even
remember her old life and what it had been like, let alone think of it with any
sort of longing. 

It had taken slut some time to come to terms with her new appearance.  She had
cried for days after first awakening and seeing the results of the breast
enlargement and her circumcision.  Miss Karen had finally decided that even
forty-four double d's were too small, and had asked the doctor to make her
breasts forty-eight double d's.  She could not conceive of how she could ever be
seen in public with such huge tits.  They were firm and high, making it obvious
to anyone that they were full of silicone.  Her oversize clit, with the
protective folds of delicate flesh that protected it removed, stood out on
permanent display like a little penis.  The doctor had told her that any
clothing she wore over her cunt would surely cause a creat deal of stimulation,
and had added that most circumcisions were performed on "bitches" (as he put it)
who were likely to be kept naked on a permanent basis.  Slut didn't know what to
make of that, so she tried not to think about it. 

After her nipples and lips were done she again suffered a brief period of
depression.  Her nipples had been filled with something that not only kept them
hard and fully extended, but that seemed to make them even longer than they had
been.  She could not imagine herself ever functioning in any normal capacity in
society again.  The lewdness of her huge tits with the freakishly long, fat
nipples was almost more than she could bear at first.  Her lips had been made
much fuller, and though it took some getting used to, she did at least admit to
herself that her appearance had been improved.  She was anxious to get her new
lips around henry's cock again, to try them out.  In addition to everything else
that had been done to her, now,  she was sure, a bell hung from her clit. 

The vehicle droned on, and slut felt very tired, there in the cage.  She didn't
know where she was being taken or what her life would be like.  She closed her
eyes and sucked on the penis gag, imagining it to be henry.  Her bell tinkled a
few more times before she slipped off into a deep sleep. 



Enroute to Kabul, via Lisbon and Istanbul, Karen had taken an interest in one of
the stewardesses.  She had surrepticiously surveyed the girl from every angle,
and had paid close attention to all of the nuances of her facial expressions and
postures.  She appreciated her tonal inflections and the lilt in her voice. 
Karen had told her that she was very impressed and wanted to commend her to the
carrier's management.  She wrote down her name.  Cassandra Meekins.  The new
training team in McLean could check it out for her.  She might be interested in
taking Cassandra in six months, when she planned to retire.  Cassandra would
make a nice addition to the household, once properly trained.

Karen reflected on her summer in Florida and thought that it was just about as
good as it could have been.  The safe house's location in a suburban
neighborhood had a suppressive effect on her activities, but it was the best she
could do under the circumstances.  She was satisfied with slut and glad that
Tawny was, too.  They had both agreed that slut would serve as their collective
household whore while being responsible for the housekeeping and laundry
otherwise. 

By the time Karen returned, Tawny would have had some modifications done to pig. 
They had no use for it's vocal cords and would have them rendered inoperable.  A
pair of ribs would be removed to improve pig's shape - that was something they
both wanted.  The good doctor would also sterilize pig so that it could receive
seed without any concern that it might end up with a piglet inside it.  Tawny
would also have continued to use pig's body as an illustration board.  Karen
looked forward to seeing the final result.  She was sure it would make her wet. 

On their last evening together, Karen and Tawny had made love almost
continuously.  Karen still bore the wounds three days later.  She laughed
quietly, remembering Tawny's last words to her before they parted company. 
"Cunt!", she had said.  "Bitch!", Karen had replied.  She loved that little
thing.  For the first time, Karen looked forward to bringing a close to her
career and to starting a new one with Tawny.



She had flown from Florida to CIA headquarters to get her orders and a few
briefings, took the train to New York, and had flown out from there.  She had
been told that there was a lot of optimism that Osama would be captured or
killed within the next three to six weeks.  She wanted to be there, at least
in-country, when it happened.  It would be an outstanding cap to a stellar
career to have a chance to test herself against that fucking bastard.  Maybe she
could kick him once or twice in the balls.  Arabs like him just loved that.

Cassandra Meekins.  She took out her day planner and wrote the name down.  Six
months would come soon enough, and one could never be guilty of over planning.

The End

Note from the author:
Thanks to all who enjoyed Taking Carol, especially those who let me know.
I am gratified and surprised to see the story make it to the #3 spot on the
overall list, especially in light of the fact that it surpassed some genre
classics and some outstanding authors of BDSM fiction.  This is thanks to the
readers.
Taking Carol was my first story.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lorddare


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





