BDSM Library - So Easy




So Easy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Be careful of the foreign exchange student you bring into your home. Dominate lesbian takes small town girl and makes her a pet.
So Easy

By Topcat
_schmed1@excite.com


Chap 1



Barb was unsure what to expect as she and her parents waited for the passengers
to exit the jet on a warm summer day.  Her family had agreed to support a
foreign exchange student for a year and now was the day of her arrival.  The
document they had received stated that their student was named Elka Sonderson
and she was from Finland.  She spoke English and was 17 years old.  Aside from
that information and documents on insurance and health policies, Elka was a
mystery.  As Barb stood at the exit door in her sundress, holding a sign with
Elka's name on it, she was having very confused thoughts.  She was an only child
and because of the size of their house, Elka would have to live in the same
bedroom as her.  She was not the most popular girl in school and would enjoy
having a girlfriend to share her thoughts with, but the prospect of having one
live so closely to her filled her with misgivings.  Barb was a very shy and
quiet 17 year-old girl.  She possessed a body that was very well developed for
her age and she was having a hard time coming to grips with the lustful looks
from the boys when she wore the type of cloths that showed off her attributes. 
She had shoulder length auburn hair that highlighted her face's classic bone
structure and stood five feet 3 inches high.  Her measurements were a perfect
36-24-34.  Her breast were firm and did not need the support of a bra.  Her legs
were strong and athletic from a love of running.  All in all, she was a very
attractive package that had not come out of her shell to date and mix with other
teens.  This quietness was one of the reasons her parents had decided to accept
an exchange student to live with them.  They hoped a close friend would help
bring out their daughter to better relate to others.  Whatever the reason, the
die was caste and now they waited for the result of their decision to walk into
their lives.

Elka saw Barb holding the sign with her name on it as she sauntered down the
ramp in a nice suite dress. When she saw how lovely a creature her new sister
was, she broke into a big grin.  Elka's upbringing was much more colorful then
shy Barb's.  She was raised by a mother that lived on the fringe of a group that
let their sexual tastes wonder into the sadistic.  She had seen many extreme
relationships and had come to accept her desire to be on the dominant side of
life.  She also made money by selling photos and video's of the kinkier side of
sex on the Internet.  This hobby was one of the reasons she had applied for a
time away from Finland as the local authorities had become too inquisitive into
her business.  She had brought many of her electronic tools with her on this
trip and hoped to continue her trade in the USA.

Elka saw Barb's eyes widen when Elka ran up to her and gave her a big hug.  Barb
felt the strength and power Elka possessed in the force of the embrace.  Elka
was truly a beautiful and strong girl.  Elka easily stood five foot ten inches
and had long blond hair.  Her measurements were just as impressive as her
height.  She was a 38-25-36 that carried not an ounce of fat.  Barb was
literally dwarfed by this Nordic goddess.

As they exchanged greetings, Elka introduced herself to Sam and Kathleen
Danials, Barb's parents.  Sam was an engineer for Union Pacific Railroad and
Kathleen worked at a realty company.  Together they made a good living, tended
to spoil their only child and lived on a quite acre of land just outside of
town.  Their house was not big, but it had a pool and enough room for the dog to
run.

As they picked up Elka's baggage, Sam commented, as he struggled to lift the
heavy cases, that Elka didn't travel light.  In fact, Elka had brought most of
her filming tools and sent the rest to follow by mail. 

"What have you got in these bags Elka?" Sam groaned as he lifted them into the
trunk of the car. 

"My hobby is photography and I brought some of my stuff.  I want to capture my
year in America on film so I can remember this wonderful time."

Barb chimed in, "I like to take pictures too, but I only have a normal camera. I
would love to learn if you don't mind my hanging around."

Elka gave Barb a warm smile, "I would love to have you as my assistant and maybe
as a model.  Do you have a computer at home? I have a digital camera and do a
lot of my work with computers."

"Yes, we have a new PC that I gave to Barb for Christmas, but she doesn't use it
much. Maybe you can get her to learn how to work it better."  Sam was always
trying to get Barb to expand her horizons, but as of now Barb had not taken to
the computer beyond games and homework. 

After a short trip home, where the new arrival did everything she could to make
the family feel that she would fit in, they pulled into the driveway leading to
the house.  The house was a good ways back on the property and stood behind a
stand of trees.

As they piled out of the car, a large German Shepherd dog came bounding up.  He
jumped on Sam and gave Elka a quick growl. Sam grabbed the dog's collar and held
him from going towards Elka. "Hush now boy, this is Elka. She will be living
with us and I hope you will be good friends.  Elka, his name is Fritz and he is
really very friendly.  I hope you like dogs.  He has the run of the house, but
if you want we can start keeping him outside."

Elka bent down and stroked the dog.  She showed no fear of the big dog. "You can
keep letting Fritz in the house.  I love dogs and this big fellow and I seem to
get along."

Sam dragged the bags in as Barb led Elka up the stairs to their room.  The room
was large and Sam had bought a single bed to fit along with Barbs double size
bed.  The room had its own adjoining bathroom for the girls.  Elka entered the
room and jumped on the double bed right away.  "This is a great room Barb, and
having both of us in the same room should be fun.  I never lived with another
person, so I hope I don't snore.  Do you think we will get along?" 

Barb sat next to Elka and crossed her legs Indian style.  "I was having the same
feelings about living with someone, but I guess its good practice for college
and later marriage.  Might as well see if I will go crazy now." 

Elka gave Barb a quick hug and held her face between her strong hands.  "I know
we will get along. I want you to know right off the bat that I can come off a
little strong and bossy, that's just the way I am."  Sam finally finished
delivering Elka's bags and went down to rest. "Now, where should I unpack my
stuff?"

"Well, I cleaned out that dresser and you could have half the closet.  Do you
want my help putting stuff away?"

Elka hefted a bag onto the large bed. "No, I'll just spread my stuff on my bed
here and figure out where it should all go."  Elka started unzipping a bag and
stacking things on the bed.

Barb got up off the big bed and took a couple of steps back.  She had thought
Elka would take the small bed and was a bit shocked by her assuming she would
sleep in the big one. As she watched Elka's well muscled back she couldn't help
but accept that Elka deserved the bigger bed.  Elka was a bigger girl than she
and as a guest should have the better bed.  Barb walked over to the small bed
and sat down.  She couldn't help wonder what other changes this year would
bring.




Chap 2



The first few days the girls spent most of time traveling around town in Barb's
old car, enrolling in school, visiting the mall and just enjoying the summer
weather.  Elka would usually wear very revealing outfits, short shorts and
halters, while Barb stayed with the baggy t-shirts and shorts. Elka's extrovert
nature made it natural for her to spend long period of time in their room either
naked or wearing only a t-shirt and sleeping in the nude.  Her desire to go
naked was in stark contrast with Barb always wearing panties and a nightshirt to
sleep and a robe inside her room.  Elka had noticed Barb's discomfort in her
nudity, especially the fact that Elka kept her crotch shaved clean, and planned
to use this as a constant reminder of her body's power and grace.  She often
asked Barb why she covering up her beauty under all her baggy clothes hoping to
get her to loosen up.  

Those that saw the two in public would first notice Elka and then maybe Barb. 
Elka was very outgoing in here attitude while Barb had to be coaxed into going
into some of the more public shops and meeting places where the kids hung out. 

It was on one of these outings that Elka started her campaign to get Barb to
model for her.  They stopped at a local art gallery and were going through the
area where the 19th Century artists were displayed. 

"What do you think of all these nude pictures?"  Elka said, strolling around the
room.

"I guess I like them, but they seem kind of large woman." 

"That was the style then, today I like to film full figured girls more often
then the skinny kind.  I like to see the sexual possibilities in my subjects."

Barb stopped and asked, "How many naked girls have you photographed?"

Elka continued on, "I used to get girls from my old school to model for me.  In
Europe we don't have the hang ups on nudity that you in the US seem to have. 
Maybe someday you will get over your shyness and let me take your picture.  I
know you would be a great subject.  I have seen you body and it has great
potential." 

Barb flushed, she knew that Elka had been looking closely at her when she
changed and bathed but the thought of posing nude for her never entered her
mind. "I don't think that is going to happen.  I could never be comfortable
doing that."

Elka shrugged, gave a devilish smile and said,  "We'll see."

Barb followed on through the gallery wondering what that meant.

Elka had already started her project of capturing Barb on film.  She had gotten
online using Barb's computer and established password protected file space where
she planned to do her editing and Web based posting.  While Barb was out one
afternoon, she had set up her small peep cameras in their bathroom and bedroom. 
She had already downloaded these digital images to the hard drive and had some
juicy shots and videos of her naked, bathing, pissing and dressing.  She also
contacted some of the porn sites and asked what they would offer for sneak cam
films and other explicit sex shots of teens.  With the many responses she had
received she was ready to send Barb's files whenever she wished. All she needed
now to fully bring her roommate under her control was a little more sexually
explicit film.  Having noticed Barb's shyness, she was sure that Barb would do
anything to avoid those revealing images being spread around town and school. 

That day when they got home Elka said they should go for a swim.  Elka by now
had taken over the decision process of what the two would do almost totally. 
Barb's meek personality allowed her to be molded with little pressure.  The pool
out back wasn't that big but on a hot day it felt great.  Elka of course wore a
thong bikini that looked stunning and showed off her body.  Barb had a one piece
that also could not hide her generous bust and strong legs.  As they were
sunning themselves after cooling off, Elka took out a digital camera and stood
at the foot of Barb's lounge chair and started taking some pictures.  Digital
cameras are quite silent and she got some good close ups of Barb's breasts and
crotch before she said, "Smile."  Barb awoke from her dose and noticed Elka with
her camera.  "Hey, what are you doing?"

"I told you I wanted to make a picture album of my stay here, so I thought a few
shots of you and your pool are a good start.  Could you get up and stand by the
pool so I can get a good shot?"  Barb kind of thought about this for a second,
but saw no way out, so she got up and stood by the pool. 

Elka knelt down and aimed at Barb. "Could you stand a little straighter and turn
your head so the sun is fully on your face?  That's right.  Throw back your
shoulders and take your left leg and turn is a little sideways. Good."

Elka lead Barb through a couple of pictures, all quite innocent.  "Now could you
take some of me? Here I will show you how."   After a quick lesson, Elka started
to pose for Barb.  Her suit allowed for a lot of flesh to be seen and she got
into positions that let the camera capture her great tits and left no doubt she
had a hairless crotch.  Barb was quite shocked at the level of exposure Elka
allowed, but kept taking pictures as instructed.  Now that Elka had showed her
how to pose, Elka again lead Barb through a photo session, imitating many of the
candid poses Elka showed her. That night Elka downloaded the images onto the
computer and added them to the archive.  This was just the beginning of a
yearlong progression of turning Barb into a total slut slave.

The next day the girls went shopping for school clothes.  Barb started looking
at very conservative outfits but quickly Elka steered her into more revealing
dresses, higher hemlines and lower bust lines.  With firmness Elka's normal way,
soon Barb was standing in the dressing room, in her bra and panties waiting for
the next outfit Elka wanted her to try on.  Elka burst into the room carrying a
pile of clothes.  "Here try these on."  Barb held up a strapless dress that
looked like they forgot half the material. 

"I think this is a little too small for me."

Elka urged on, "Well, maybe, but give it a shot."

Barb started to put it on, when Elka reached around and started to undo her bra. 
"Here, we can't tell how it would look with this on."  Before Barb knew what was
happening, Elka had taken the bra off and was helping her into the dress.  When
Barb looked into the mirror, her mouth fell open.  "This shows way too much of
me than I'm used to.  I don't know where I could wear it, certainly not school."

"You look great, it really shows off your legs and now your boobs fill out that
top great.  Your right, it maybe too much for school, but for parties and dates
it will be a knock out," Elka mused.

"I don't know, I feel so naked in this." Barb turned side to side inwardly
admiring the reflection.

Elka rolled her eyes, "There you go again, hung up on your body.  You must get
over this shyness. Let's start by wearing a little less clothes now and then to
get you comfortable.  You have a great body and if you want to attract people
you have to start showing it off more.  OK, we will take this one. Now lets see
if you like some of this underwear."

Elka helped her out of the dress and hung it up.  She then gave Barb a bra that
barely covered her large breast and developed a sizable cleavage. "Now that's
sexy.  Your tits look good enough to eat in that bra.  I can even see your
nipple all hard. It's almost see through." 

Barb looked at her self in the mirror and wondered why her nipples were so hard
and tingly in this outfit.

"Great, now do me a favor and see if you like this type of panties."

Barb held up the tiny piece of fabric and could not believe she would ever wear
this.  "I just can't wear this.  I would feel like a tramp."

Elka stood straight, folded her arm and looked down on Barb. "I wear those kind
of panties.  Are you calling me a tramp?"

Barb gulped and looked up at Elka's stern expression.  The dressing room
suddenly seemed awfully cramped.  She could not believe she had just insulted
Elka, especially since she had become her best companion. She started to tear
up. "I didn't mean for you to think that. It's just that we are different people
and I am having trouble with all this.  Having you as a roommate, with you so
beautiful and sure of yourself makes me feel like some kind of nerd."

Elka took in the whimpering teen and reached out and brought Barb into a tight
hug.  Having the half-naked girl held tight to her was a warm feeling.  "There,
there, my little one. You just need me to help guide you into coming out of your
shell.  If you let me, I promise you will really enjoy the new life it will
bring.  You must trust me." 

Elka pushed Barb back and looked down into her lovely face.  Barb just looked so
adorable that Elka had to bend down and plant a quick kiss on Barb's forehead. 
Before Barb could agree or not, Elka when on.

"Good, now try this on, just too please me."

Barb broke the hug and took a minute to soul search.  She always disliked her
shyness and lack of friends. Maybe trusting Elka, who obviously had a great deal
of personal assurance, was a good way to work through her problem.  Thinking
that no one but Elka would ever see her in these, she slowly pulled down her old
panties.

Elka bent down and held out the thong panties for Barb.  Barb rested a hand on
Elka's strong shoulder and stepped into the panties.  Elka pulled them up her
legs on over her hips.  She took great liberty to adjust the small crotch piece,
trying to cover Barb's public patch.  No matter how she tried, Barb's hair
pushed out the side.  "Well, they look great except your hair down here is a
little full.  Maybe when we get home I will have to trim it a little.  If you
wear these you will look like a hairy monkey."

The rest of the afternoon was spent trying on clothes, shoes and just bumming
around the mall.  Barb only bought one or two items and they were all under the
approval of Elka.

When they got home, there was a note on the door from Kathleen that she was
closing on a house today and didn't know when she would be home.  Sam was off on
one of his two-week trips, so Elka directed they go for another swim.  Elka made
Barb wear one of her two-piece suits, which was a little loose on her top. While
swimming, Elka dove down and started horse playing around.  Barb was a good
swimmer, but could not match Elka's strength.  In all the tousling, Elka pulled
off Barb's top and threw it towards the house.  Elka pushed off and quickly
jumped out of the pool. 

Barb stood by the ladder and started to look around. Elka went straight to here
bag and got her camera ready. Barb pleaded, "Elka, throw my top back."

Elka just sat on a chair and smiled, "There's no one around but us and I have
seen every inch of your precious little body.  This is not that risky to walk
topless by your own pool.  Get out and come and get it."

Barb thought a second, knew that the pool could not be seen from the street, so
started to climb out.  By the time she noticed Elka's camera, it was too late.

Elka was taking print after print of Barb walking topless towards the place her
top lay. 

"Elka, stop that.  I want those prints."  She started towards Elka as if to
wrestle the camera away, but stopped when Elka stood up, stuck her hand out and
raised her voice. "Barb, don't you dare try to touch this camera.  What is your
problem?  You just agreed to let me help you over your shyness and now you won't
even let me take a couple of harmless shots of you topless.  Either trust me or
go back to having no friends and looking like a frump.  Grow up."

Elka's cuts dug deep into Barb.  She stopped struggling and walked back to get
her top. As she started to put it back on, Elka walked up and tore it from her
hands.  "No. As punishment for being such a child over me taking a few pictures,
you will have to go topless the rest of the day.  This will be good for you to
start becoming more open to my nudity and stop being such a prude. To make you
more comfortable I will go topless also.  Now come here and let's get some sun."

Elka took Barb by the shoulders and lead her to a lounge chair. After popping
off her own top she said,  "Just lay back and relax. No one can see you, so just
start working on your tan.  Here I better put some sunscreen on your boobs or
they will burn to a crisp, they are so white.  Elka took a good handful of
suntan lotion and began to work it into Barb's large tits. Barb was so
embarrassed that she just closed her eyes and tried not to think about how this
looked.  If someone a week ago had told her she would be laying topless in her
back yard while a Nordic princess was massaging her breast she would have
thought they were crazy.  How did this happen so fast she wondered?  Soon she
noticed how good Elka's strong hands felt on her body.  Her nipples again turned
rock hard and stood up a good half-inch.  Elka made sure Barb's boobs were
deeply covered and then continued spreading lotion over Barb's whole body.  Barb
was completely relaxed when Elka finished her off with a great foot rub.  Elka
stepped back, got her camera and took some more close ups of Barbs topless body
and the high cut bottoms.  Much of Barb's hair stuck out of her suit, but Elka
had a plan for fixing that tonight.  These prints would definitely go into the
collection and her progress in breaking down Barb's will to do as she directed
was going fine.  Soon Elka would have enough power over Barb's life to bring
sexual play into the equation.




Chap 3.



They spent a lovely afternoon sunning and swimming.  By diner time, Barb was
much less conscious of her boobs being free.  Having Elka set the example also
made Barb eventually accept her condition.  After a quick dinner, Elka told Barb
to do the dishes, some other chores and then take a shower while she worked on
the computer uploading the day's pictures.  Elka went through Barb's drawers and
took all her old grandma panties and bras and put them in a bag.  She took the
bag and stuck it in the trash.  When Barb came up for her shower, Elka was
sitting at the computer, still topless.  "Finished with your chores?  Good.  Now
be sure you do a trim job on your pussy so it's not so hairy.  Call me when you
are done so I can see if you did enough.  It's hard to trim yourself, if you
need help let me know."

Barb took a long hot shower and then got out and dried off.  She stood in front
of the mirror and looked at her body.  She really did have a good figure, and it
was true that her pussy hair was kind of bushy.  So she got a scissors and
started to clip her hair short.  She thought she did a good job so she called
Elka.  "I'm done if you want to check."

Elka walked in carrying a thong panty.  "Here try this on and let's see."  Barb
slipped on the panty and stood up to look.  The thong did not bulge out, but
hair still stuck out of the sides. 

"Just as I thought, we will have to shave it so the hair does not show.  Here,
you come and sit on the counter and I will do it for you.  You will cut
yourself." 

Elka helped Barb to sit naked up on the counter on a towel.  She lay back while
Elka got a hot washcloth, some of Sam's shaving cream and a new razor. What Barb
did not know was that Elka had reset the bathroom camera to zoom in on the
counter just where Elka had positioned Barb.  This would be a great film. 

Elka started by clipping Barb's hair even lower then Barb had done.  It was
nothing more then stubble. Then she lathered up Barb's pussy paying extra
attention to working in the cream.  Barb was in a state of complete confusion. 
She was enjoying the feeling of Elka working on her pussy, but was extremely
embarrassed by having another girl touch her privates.  Elka could see Barb's
tense when she spread the cream. 

"I see you are having trouble with me touching you.  I know it must be hard for
you to overcome your shyness, but you must try.  Let's make this easier for you
so you don't have to watch me work. I also don't want you jumping around when
I'm working on your delicate pussy, so I will have to do something to keep you
from moving around."

Elka got up and got a couple of scarves and belts.  "You don't have to tie me
down. I will let you do it if you want," Barb protested as she saw Elka enter
the room.   Elka just looked hard at Barb and stated, "This is for your own
good.  I saw how you reacted when I took a picture of you topless.  You need a
little persuasion to get you over your mental hang-ups." She tied one scarf over
Barb's eyes, took one belt and tied Barb's hands together behind her back.  With
the last two belts she tied each of Barbs ankles so her feet rested on the edge
of the counter and her pussy was wide spread.  Barb had lost complete control of
her situation  

"There, now it will be a surprise and you will just have to trust me."  Playing
for the camera now, Elka made sure she did not block the view as she slowly and
seductively shaved Barb's pussy.  Elka started as if she was just going to shave
the sides of her mons so the hair that stuck out of a suit would be gone.  But
as she finished this, she kept going and soon Barb's had her complete pussy
mound clean.  Barb felt this and started to complain.  "How far are you shaving? 
It feels like you are going too far. Elka, stop."  But Elka used her strength
and tightened the belts to keep Barb's struggle from ending her task.  When
Barb's mound was clean, Elka stopped and said quite seriously, "My little pet,
you must now stay very still or I might seriously cut you.  You see, I know what
it is like to wear certain styles of panties and your whole crotch needs to be
clean or it will pull.  Besides, I think having to keep your pussy bare is an
important step to getting over your shyness.  After all, only a confident
outgoing person would have the guts to keep her pussy bare.  Now sit still."

Elka then began the task of shaving all Barb's pussy all the way past her
asshole.  Barb could not believe this turn of events.  As much as she disliked
being treated this way, she could not stop her pussy from aching as Elka played
with it.  She was soon a leaking mess. When Elka was done, she used a hot
washcloth to clean up Barb's pussy.  She pulled her lips open, showing the
glistening pink interior and blew on Barb's large clit.  "What is your doing?"
Barb sighed as she almost came from the sensation.

"Just air drying this leaking pussy of yours.  Did all this get you excited?" 
The camera got some great shots before Elka put the stuff away and untied Barb. 
She saved the blindfold for last and Barb gasped in shock when she saw her bare
puffy lips.  She took her hands and felt her smooth lips and could not help but
enjoy the added sensitivity of being shaved.  Elka took her by the hand and lead
her to the bedroom.  Sitting them both down on the large bed Elka began to
address Barb as if she were a small child, holding her shoulders and looking
straight into her eyes to be sure she understood.

"Barb, I think you know you will enjoy having your pussy clean shaven.  I want
you to keep it this way from now on.  I want you to call me anytime you want me
to help you so I can get the hard to reach places. You must trust me that this
is a good thing to get you to be comfortable with your body and enjoy your great
potential.  By the end of the year, I promise, you will be having a close
intimate relationship if you follow my suggestions.  If you don't, I will just
have to find someone else to hang with, cause I will not be seen with a nerd and
I know deep down neither do you. So, this is a start of a new phase in you life. 
I hope you accept my help. Do you?"

Elka kept holding tight to Barb's shoulders and staring into her eyes.  Barb saw
nothing but confidence and power.  Her small world seemed to crumble as she
became more and more controlled by Elka's powerful personality.  She had so
enjoyed being out and visiting places with Elka the last few days that it would
hurt to go back to her lonely existence.  She finally gave a slow nod of
acceptance.

"Was that a yes, you will trust me and do as I say?" Elka pressed.

Barb nodded again and a quite "Yes" came out.

Elka pushed on, "OK, then promise.  'I will do as Elka directs to help me get
over my shyness and better come to grips with my body's potential.'"

Barb paused for only a moment then repeated the promise in a halting voice. "I
promise to do as you want in order to help me over my shyness and come to grips
with my bodies potential."

When Barb was done, Elka finally released her and sat back.  "Good, now I have
thought about your problem and came up with some rules to help you.  Number one,
you will from now on sleep in the nude or whatever outfit I decide. Two, you
will wear only the undergarments that I decide.  Three, you will wear only the
outfits I decide.  We will start with these simple rules and see if you can
follow them.  If you can't we may have to add more.  Hopefully, this constant
exposure to both mine and your nudity and sexy clothes will allow you to see
your beauty and enjoy the attention you will come to crave. I will also keep
taking pictures of you from time-to-time to document your progress and
acceptance.  You don't have a problem with that do you?"

Barb thought about these new rules and the pictures.  Wearing clothes that Elka
decided on might be uncomfortable at first, but she did not think Elka would go
to extremes in public. Allowing herself to be photographed was another matter. 
"Who will see these pictures?  You already have some of me that I would die if
they got around school.  Why do you need more?"

Elka turned and stood to her full height. "Do you trust me or not.  I am living
in your house. Taken on this project for you and you dare to question my
intentions. That's it; you are not worth my time. Wear whatever you want. You
already are breaking your promise."

Barb gave a gulp and saw her year of fun and friendship slipping away.  She
jumped up and came to stand naked before Elka pleading, "I'm sorry, please
forgive me, I know you have my best interest at heart.  I will not question your
intentions.  I promise. Please keep helping me."

Elka seemed to soften and nod. This was just the acceptance she wanted.  "OK, I
will let your little slip go because I understand how new this all is for you. 
But you must show me that you really mean what you have promised.  To do that I
want to take some pictures right now in whatever pose I want, in whatever
outfits I want you to wear.  Will you do this?"

The question hung in the air as Barb searched her soul.  This was another big
step, but she saw no way out.

Barb mustered her courage and blurted out, "If you want to take my picture now
and in the future you just have to ask."  This statement was like a damn
breaking for Barb.  She threw her whole being into Elka's hands to mold.  It was
almost a relief to give up these choices of dress and exposure to someone else
who was so much more self-assured.  She didn't know where this was going, but
she was on a roller coaster and didn't know how to get off.




Chap 4.



The girl's relationship continued to tighten as the days slipped by to the start
of school.  Elka daily decided on Barb's level of exposure from the time they
spent in their room, around the house and out on the town.  Elka made Barb
always keep her pussy shaved and made it a daily part of their time together. 
After a few days of Barb not shaving to Elka's satisfaction, Elka just took it
over and made doing the finishing touches to Barb's shave job a daily morning
event.   Barb began to look forward to the sexual stimulation this shaving time
gave her even though she never came during the treatments. Elka would keep Barb
naked if the house was empty and make her wear a skimpy bikini when her mom was
home.  For outings, Barb's typical apparel consisted of a push up half bra,
thong bikini panties, tight shorts and a small t-shirt that showed her stomach
and showed off her boobs.  At first Barb was very conscious of the looks her
outfits brought but Elka told her to stand up straight and not to give the looks
any thoughts.  Barb still felt the stares but new that she looked good and
slowly began to accept the leers and catcalls that followed the two teens where
ever they went.

Elka thought the time was ripe to add sex play into their relationship.  She had
thought about the best way to bring it up and decided on a path to take.  One
night when they had both gone to bed, Elka pulled her sheet off and started to
play with herself.  The moonlight was clearly showing her body if Barb looked
over.  As her hands began to wander over her boobs and pussy, she let out a low
moan of joy.  She loved playing with herself and had denied it for too long. 
Soon, her palm was pushing over her crotch with two fingers sawing into her
cunt.  She pulled and pinched her nipples.  Bending her head down, she was just
able to suck on her elongated nipples.  She was making enough noise now that
Barb had to know what was going on.  She wanted Barb to watch and learn.  Soon
it would be Barb's turn.

After about ten minutes of masturbation, she came with a heavy groan and fell
silent.  She turned her head and looked at Barb's bed and saw her looking at
her.  "I'm sorry if I kept you awake, but I just couldn't hold off playing with
myself any longer.  I hope I didn't embarrass you." 

Barb just stared back at Elka's still naked body in the moonlight.  She though
what she saw as the most erotic sight she had ever seen.  She played with
herself on occasion, but never with the lust that Elka had just shown.  "I'm not
embarrassed if you aren't."

Elka smiled and got out of her bed and came and sat on Barb's.  "Thanks for not
making me feel bad about playing with myself.  Now that I know you don't mind I
won't be holding back.  You can play with yourself too if you feel like it.  I
haven't seen you play with yourself since I arrived.  Being roommates must not
keep us from enjoying the good things about being girls.  Promise you will not
be shy and you will play with yourself if you feel the need."

Barb looked up at Elka's loving face, "OK, if I feel the need I won't be afraid
to go with the flow even if you are in the room."

"Great, we can talk about this latter, it's late."  Elka bent down and gave Barb
a kiss on the cheek and then returned to her bed.  Another barrier had come
down.  Now she needed Barb to take the next step.

Over the next couple of days, Elka would take many opportunities to bring
herself off.  Barb would always watch and she even began to play with her pussy
when Elka was going at it.  Elka noticed these new movements under Barb's covers
as she masturbated and knew Barb was falling into her web.  Sex and Elka's body
were becoming Barb's focus.

Elka took her photography to a new level also.  She made Barb pose in each new
outfit and took some scandal shots of Barb naked, prancing around their room. 
By the end of two week, just before school started, Barb had overcome much of
her apprehension about showing her body nude to Elka, and had accepted the new
level of risky outfits that Elka made her wear in public.  As school approached,
she started to have doubts about how she would handle herself around all her
peers.  She knew how image conscious most kids were and now she was going to be
very obvious when she traveled with Elka who always brought attention.  She
brought her fears up to Elka the night before school started.

"Elka, I know you will think me a fool, but I really am not sure how I'm going
to handle tomorrow at school.  What outfit will I be wearing?"

"I was going to leave it as a surprise until tomorrow, but I guess if you want
to sleep tonight I better show you."

Elka went to the closet and started to bring out Barb's outfit.  "We will start
with your usual thong panties, I think this strapless push-up bra, and then this
skirt and a white blouse.  I'm going for the clean cut look and I think this
will be adorable."

Barb looked at the outfit and trembled.  "May I try it on now?"  She had not
seen this skirt and blouse before and thought they might be too small.

Elka nodded, "Yes, but be quick it's almost bedtime."

Barb slipped out of her t-shirt and strapped on the bra.  It barely covered the
bottom half of her boobs and left her nipples peaking out over the top.  If her
nipples got hard they would probably pop out the top and be clearly visible. 
She tried to pull the bra up, but gravity and the tightness of the bra left much
in view.  She gave up and stepped into the skirt.  It was a black pleated skirt
that zipped up the side.  As she pulled it up she noted that it was very short. 
Once it was over her hips, it only came down to 4-5 inches below her rump.  If
she bent over, it would probably ride up and show half her ass.  She pulled the
short sleeve blouse on and again noted the tightness of the material, especially
over her tits. Looking down, she could clearly see the outlines of her nipples
as they poked out the thin material.  "Elka, I think this top is a little small. 
If I breathe too deep I will pop the buttons. And the skirt is a tad short."

Elka waked around Barb adjusting the shirt and top. "Nonsense, You look fine.
Besides, if it is a little tight it will just show off your tight little body. 
We want you to get some attention otherwise you will not have to deal with your
shyness.  Don't worry; I will be there to help you through the emotions.  Just
do what I say and you will have a great year.  Now get undressed and fold those
cloths for tomorrow.  I want you sleeping in the nude tonight so I can see your
body and take a few pictures around the room, as you get ready for bed.  You
have been really a trooper about letting me photograph you.  I think it is
really helping with your comfort level on nudity."

Elka kept snapping pictures as Barb went through her bedtime routine naked. She
really had begun to ignore Elka's taking pictures all the time.  Now she was
going to go to school dressed in an outfit that she knew would turn the head and
force her to interact with kids she had been able to hide from up to now. 
Having Elka by her side was the only way she would be able to get through this.




Chap 5.



The first day of school was traumatic for Barb.  Her outfit was a complete
change from what her school friends remembered of shy quiet Barb.  Having a
stunning girl like Elka by her side made the two an instant sensation.  All the
boys began to notice the two and the other girls began their whisper campaign
from the first day of classes.  Elka had insisted when registering that they
have the same schedule of classes.  So, Elka and Barb became a twosome.  Elka
kept Barb under her control, deciding who she spent time talking to and where
she went.  She used her powerful personality and Barb's natural reluctance to be
seen alone in revealing outfits to keep her at Elka's side.  Many boys tried to
strike up conversations, but Elka kept them at arm's length.  Elka had no
intention of letting Barb come to enjoy cock.  Barb was destined to be a pussy
slave and nothing else as far as Elka was concerned.  She had decided to do this
by slowly letting the natural gossip about the two girls constant closeness
evolve into a general understanding that they were lesbians.  Before Barb could
understand it, she would be labeled as Elka's lover.

Elka and her had become a hot topic.  She enjoyed the new attention as long as
Elka was near and was getting hot from some of the handsome guys hitting on her.

That night, Elka and Barb talked about the day.  Elka wanted Barb horny because
tonight she wanted Barb to masturbate for her.  When it got to be bedtime, Elka
asked Barb to go naked, as did she.  Elka didn't even bother to wait till Barb
was in bed when she started to play with herself. She wanted Barb to be drawn
into mutual masturbation.  "God, did you get a look at how those boys wanted to
jump our bones.  It makes me hot just thinking about all the sex we could get
this year.  My pussy is soaked." 

Barb was sitting on her bed combing out her hair.  Seeing Elka get started in
one of her play sessions, she felt a tingling in her own groin.  She too had
seen the hardons the boys were sporting when they talked to her.  Elka was now
pinching her nipples and fingering her clit.  "Barb, I still haven't seen you
play with yourself yet.  Could you do it while I play with myself so I don't
feel so perverted?"

Barb knew this would happen eventually, and had secretly looked forward to it. 
"OK, but we have to turn out the light."  Elka got up and turned out the top
light but kept the light on in the bathroom.  This was enough to still let both
girls easily see each other.  Elka got back on her bed and started fingering her
juicy cleft as she watched Barb.  Barb laid back and began to caress herself. 
She squeezed her tits together and played with her nipples.  She watched Elka
and seemed to be following her lead.  Soon both girls were sucking their own
tits and fingering their pussy's.  Slurping sounds and moans filled the rooms as
they watched each other come to orgasm.  Elka came quick and kept touching
herself as Barb's fingers worked over her pussy.  Elka reached into her
nightstand and pulled out a little toy she had been saving for this occasion. 
It was a small vibrator.  She turned it on and began to play it over her pussy
and clit.  Soon she was again close to coming and so was Barb.  Just as Elka saw
Barb close her eyes in orgasm, she quickly moved to Barb's side and placed the
humming vibrator over Barb's clit.  Barb opened her eyes at the first thrilling
touch and saw Elka beside her.  Elka took Barb's hand away from her pussy and
used the vibrator to bring the humping teen over the top.  Never before had Barb
felt so sexually alive.  No masturbation session had ever been this intense. 
Elka continued to work Barb to new levels, sawing the humming vibrator over
Barb's pussy.  She shoved it just enough into her hole to find that Barb's hymen
was still intact.  Breaking that barrier would have to wait.  Soon, Barb's
exhaustion forced her to go limp.  Elka continued to play her hands over Barb's
body.   Elka cooed, "My that was great.  I love seeing you come.  I have wanted
to see you do that since I first got here.  You are such a hot number.  I hope
you enjoyed my little toy.  I could see you were having trouble getting over the
top with me here so I thought you needed some help.  From now on, we must always
 help each other out when we want to come.  Promise me you will?"

Barb would have promised her left tit at that moment.  She was in a sexual high
and having Elka continue to play her strong hands over her body was bliss. 
"Yes, Elka, we must do this together from now on."

Little did Barb know the plans Elka had for her new pet.  Elka had also made
sure there was plenty of light on Barb's bed to capture on the hidden camera
this latest bout.  With this new clip of film she had all the blackmail she
might need to keep Barb under her power.

The next area where she planned to reinforce the public idea that Barb was her
lover was during their gym classes.  Elka's and Barb's lockers were
side-by-side.   That first day of gym class, Barb was very nervous.  This was
the first time other girls besides Elka would see her scanty undies and there
was no way to hide her shaved pussy when they showered.  Elka just took this all
in stride and told Barb to relax as they walked to their first gym class.  "You
must see that this is a big test of your growth.  What other girls will think
does not matter as long as you are assured about your own self.  I will be here
to make sure that any comments will be dealt with.  Trust me."

Elka had chosen a real tight outfit for Barb that day.  She was wearing a skirt
that hugged her hips and was very short.  Her top was a blouse with the top
three buttons removed so Barb's ample tits were on display.  For underwear, her
bra was a see through affair and her panties were the usual thong bikini style. 
Everyone would know as soon as she undressed that she was now well over the edge
of propriety. 

The locker room was the usual bustle of activity with girls undressing and
checking each other out. Many eyes were on Elka and Barb as they began to
undress.  Elka stood tall and flexed for all to see her great body and sexy
underwear.  Barb delayed the inevitable until Elka gave her a stern look.  When
the girls saw that Barb was also into the risky look you could here the whispers
increase.  The gym class went fine, with Elka showing her power and grace.  Barb
also enjoyed the exercise as she had a natural athletic ability.  By the time
they quit and headed in to shower, both girls were hot and sweaty.  They quickly
shed their gym clothes and grabbed a towel to head for the showers.  Barb stayed
close behind Elka and tried to hide her shaved pussy with the towel.  Once in
the shower room she was forced to show all as they went about showering.  Elka
stood next to Barb and began soaping up.  She could feel the looks from most of
the girls checking out her body, especially her shaved pussy.  Barb was getting
the same treatment.  It was time to give these girls more to talk about.  Elka
turned to Barb and asked, "Barb, be a dear and wash my back."  Barb stood
stunned.  They shower together at home sometimes, dried each other's hair and
masturbated together but now this was in public.  The tension was thick as she
thought about her response.  Elka had turned her back to Barb and was waiting. 
She could not make Elka mad, so she tentatively reached out and began to wash
her back hoping no one would notice.  Elka made sure they did by giving a large
sigh. "OH, that feels good."  When Barb had rubbed a good lather into Elka's
back, Elka turned and faced Barb.  "Thanks, now I will do you."  Elka took
Barb's shoulders and turned her around and began to scrub her back all the way
down to her ass cheeks.  Barb turned red and could see the other girls looking
at the two washing each other. Elka turned to look at all the other girls
showering.  "Oh, I see you girls here in the States don't help each other out in
the shower
s.  We in Finland do this all the time.  I guess we will just have to start a
trend." Most of the girls took in Elka's comments and immediately thought, 'no
way.'   Barb made a mental note to enlighten Elka into the phobias and stigmas
that American kids live with.  But for now she had committed in front of the
school to being very intimate with Elka beyond the normal girlfriend status. She
wanted to shrink into the wall.  She was not the type to start trends.  But she
had become so dependent on Elka's leadership that all she could do was finished
rinsing off, dry and quickly wrap the towel around her body to go get dressed.

Elka knew exactly the picture that shower scene would present to these up-tight
girls.  From now on, Barb would be Elka's girlfriend.  Barb would be even more
dependent on Elka's guidance since other girls would now not want to associate
with a probable lesbian couple. 

That afternoon when they got home, Barb tried to explain the awkwardness of
their shower exploits as they changed out of their school clothes into their
bikinis for a swim.

"Elka, I was very uncomfortable washing your back in public.  You don't know how
catty and hurtful some of those girls are.  I'm sure they are telling all kinds
of stories about us right now.  Please, you must not ask me to do that again
during gym."

Elka sat down and thought for a minute. When she had devised her plan to counter
this attack on her program to enslave Barb she began.  She did not want to have
to play the blackmail card yet, it she could get Barb back using her dependency. 
"Barb, why were you uncomfortable with our washing each other's back?"

"I don't mind touching you, you know that.  God, you cut my pussy hair and you
made me come.  But do we have to be so public about it?"

"So you like me touching you, but you don't want others to know it. Is that it? 
Your ashamed about our closeness."

"I'm not ashamed, as much as embarrassed.  Those girls are probably calling us
lesbians."

Elka shrugged,  "There you go again, worried about what others will call you. 
Do you trust me or not?  Didn't you agree to follow my lead?  I'm getting tired
of coming back to this topic again and again.  It's time for you to make a
commitment to our relationship as roommates and best friends.  I had thought you
were well on your way, taking my direction in dress and all. But I guess you
were just playing me along, using me.  If you want to go back to the way you
were and hang around with those dumb catty girls, decide now."

Elka got up and stood by the bed waiting.

"But Elka, they think we are lesbians or something.  I'm not.  I want boys to
want to date me and they won't if they think I'm a lesbo."

Elka just stood there and shook her head. 

"Elka, you know I want to keep our closeness.  I love the way you make me feel,
but can't we keep it private?"

Elka resigned herself to having to use the photos.  She walked over to the
computer and punched in her access to bring up the Barb Archive.  She began to
go through it.  Barb wondered what Elka was doing so she walked over and stood
looking at the screen.   As the film clips progressed, becoming more and more
risky, and obviously showing that hidden camera's had captured their most
intimate moments together Barb's knees became weak. 

Elka closed the trap, "Barb, dear, you are a lesbian.  Look at these pictures. 
Only a true lesbian would be doing the things here.  I especially like the ones
of me shaving your pussy and masturbating you.  It's obvious you are enjoying
yourself.  Now, I don't want any more of this talk about not showing how I feel
about you in public or you me.  I would hate to see any of this get out.  Right
now, all they can do is talk.  We wouldn't want them to know for sure.  I hate
to threaten to use this Barb, but I have come to accept that I want you for
myself.  You will have to accept that you are my lover.  From now on, I will
keep our actions as private as possible, but you will have to admit now that you
are at least bisexual and we will be lovers as long as I am here."

Elka got up and turned to Barb, held her shoulders tight and stared down into
Barb's confused face.  With a strength that Barb could not question, Elka moved
in to kiss Barb's pouting mouth.  The kiss was just a peak at first, but it
quickly turned into a soul kiss that melted Barb's resistance.  Elka's strong
hands were roaming over Barb's back and ass pulling them tight.  Elka's wedged
her thigh between Barb's legs and ground it up into her crotch.   Barb could not
doubt the sexual rush Elka was bringing on.  Being in their bikinis gave Elka
great access to her body.  Her long arms were soon reaching into Barb's crotch
pulling on her pussy lips.  Barb's will was just about crushed when a last bit
of inner strength burst out.  She finally realized that Elka had been doing a
lot more film work then she had thought.  Pushing back at Elka to separate them
she had to ask.

"Where did some of the films come from?  You have some kind of hidden camera
setup.  How could you take those shots without me knowing?  That's not what
roommates do to each other."

Elka, still holding on to Barb's shoulders had to respond.  "Barb, from the
first time I met you, I knew that you would be mine.  But I came to realize that
you would have to be brought to understand this.  I am into photography and
naturally I wanted to document your progress into my lover. So, you can think of
this file as my diary.  I have entered with film and photo how we have moved to
this stage and I will continue to capture our growth for as long as I wish. 
Besides, you are such a great looking girl that you are making me a small
fortune.  How did you think I got the money to buy you all these great outfits
and stuff?  I have a little arrangement with an Internet site in Finland that is
paying good money to see your tight little body.   He only has clients in
Finland, so you don't have to worry about this getting out.  So, now we have
come clean with each other.  You have admitted with your kiss that you are my
lover.  And I have admitted that it is my desire to keep you by whatever means I
need to be my pet.   Do you have anything to say about this turn of events?"

Barb could barely follow all that Elka had revealed.  She didn't know enough
about the Internet to know that what goes on it is not restricted to one
country.  But the thought that Elka had sold her picture was all too much.  "I'm
really hurt that you had to sell my photos.  Keeping them between us is OK, I
guess, but to sell them?"

Elka explained, "Barb, I do not come from a wealthy family.  The only money I
will have here is what I can make on the Internet.  I'm not getting a job, and
I'm not letting you get one either.  Not when we can get what we need on the
Net.  Trust me, as long as you behave, the pictures will stay overseas.  Stay my
lover and obey me and we will have a great year."

Barb was still a little mad, but she was too dumb to understand the lie about
her pictures staying overseas.  She did understand the implied threat that these
pictures might get around town and that was enough for now.

"Would you really use these pictures if I made you mad?"

Elka gave Barb a smile that made her shiver. "Barb, you must understand.  You
are mine, body and soul.  You don't dress, go out or talk to a boy that I don't
approve.  I will use whatever means I want to keep you as my pet.  Accept this
and you will have experiences and sex you never dreamed of.  Defy me and you
will be unable to show your face in this town."  Looking into Elka's face Barb
knew she meant it.  What kind of person had she bonded her life with?

Elka led the teen over to the bed and they lay down together.  Hugging Barb
close to her bosom, she went on.  "I think it is time I spell out some new rules
to live by. We will keep the old rules about dress and add a few.  From now on,
you will sleep with me when I wish.  I will teach you how I want you to make
love to me, care for my bodily needs and generally how to act when we are
together.  Let's start from when we wake up.  If I wake up first I will wake you
so you can bring me off.  If you wake first, you will slowly wake me by making
love to me.  I will then let you run my shower.  I want you to wash yourself
quickly and then be ready to wash me when I enter.  You will dry and do my hair
each morning and I will direct your outfit for the day.  You will then dress and
help me dress.  When we are in public you will always stay at my side and obey
my guidance on who to be with.  After school we will do our homework and then
continue our photo times.  When your parents are home you will act normally, but
when they are gone or when we come into this room, you will again dress and act
as I demand.  It's quite simple, pet.  Just do as I ask without any hesitation
and you and I will live a happy life.  Cross me and I will add to your
problems."

Barb listened to all this in shock as Elka continued to caress her body and play
with her tits.  How had she come to this level of dependency was a mystery, but
there was no denying she was in a maze without an exit.  She just couldn't face
having some of those pictures she had seen become public.  Besides, Elka's did
have a way of driving her to sexual peaks that she was quickly coming to crave. 
How bad could being a lover to a demanding lesbian really be?

As Elka slipped the knots on their suits and began a great round of loving, Barb
forgot any thoughts of resistance.  She was Elka's Pet.




Chap 6. 



Elka slowly lead Barb down the road of being her bottom girl over the next
weeks.  Elka instructed Barb how to lick her to orgasm and use the vibrator. 
Elka kept Barb on a sexual edge as much as she could.  Alone together at school
she would play with Barb's pussy just to the point of coming and then use some
excuse to stop.  Barb's thoughts soon revolved about when Elka would get her
off.  Elka had ordered that she could not play with herself without permission. 
That, plus the fact that she was rarely out of Elka's sight, made her one horny
teen, dependent on Elka for release.  Barb seemed to enjoy the game of keeping
their relationship a secret and yet being so sexually active.  It was time to
take Barb on another step in their relationship.  The weekend was coming and
Elka decided they would go out.  She had cruised the web and found a lesbian bar
in the next town she wanted to try out.  Dressing Barb in one of her best slut
outfits, Elka directed Barb where to drive.  Barb had no idea what the plan was
for tonight because Elka was keeping it a secret.  When they pulled into the
parking lot of the club, Barb had to ask.

"Elka, what are we doing her?"

"Well, Pet.  Since you are so concerned that we stay a secret, and since I
wanted to go out and dance and drink, I thought this place in the next town
would suit our needs.  Come on, I'm thirsty."

Elka strode up to the club with Barb quickly catching up.  The place looked nice
with soft music.  When they got inside, they were met by the hostess, a women in
her forties.  She looked questioningly at their fake identification cards.  Barb
thought they were busted.  But Elka told her to stay by the door and took the
women aside.

"I know you think we are underage, but I have a deal for you if you let us in. 
I have a project to make this pet my personal slut.  I have big plans of using
and displaying her to really break her down.  I think your place could be just
the forum to put on some shows.  I hear you have special events for those of the
harsher tastes.  If you let us, I will let you use her in some of your events."

The hostess, named Joan, looked at these two beautiful teens, and her mouth
watered.  She had been looking for new meat to spice up the place and now it
just walked in the door.   "OK, I will let you in, but you need to sit in that
back booth.  If I give you a signal, I want you both to go out that back door
and act like you work in the kitchen.  I'm not losing my liquor license because
of you girls.  Give a good show and I will let you stay.  And I will keep you
informed when I have a special night.  I would love to see you both in action."

The hostess escorted them to their booth and they ordered drinks.  The music was
soft and as Barb looked around the place she noticed that it was all women.  "Is
this ladies night or something?  Where are the guys?"

Elka slid her hand under the table and grabbed Barb's thigh.  "Pet, I thought
this place would be the best for our first night out together.  This is a
lesbian bar, silly.  You don't have to be afraid of being found out and we can
show our feelings for each other openly."

Barb looked around at the tables and saw women couples all holding hands and in
some cases kissing and feeling each other up.  Elka's hands began to move higher
to Barb's pussy.  She had made her wear a loose dress and no panties so Elka was
soon stroking her slit.   After about five minutes of playing with Barb's pussy
and slowly sipping her drink she announced.  "Come on, I like this song, let's
dance."

Grabbing Barb's hand she pulled the teen up and to the dance floor.  There were
two other couples dancing.  Elka took Barb in a tight embrace and began slow
dancing.  She played her hands over Barb's back and felt up her firm ass.  Barb
was unsure what to do.  She liked to dance and Elka was making her feel all
tingly, but being out in public was all new. 

Elka used one hand to tilt Barb's face up to hers and bent to give her a kiss. 
Barb just closed her eyes and sank into her role of being Elka's pet.  After a
long kiss, Elka's hands began to move under her dress, raising the hem up as she
worked her ass so anyone could see her bare butt.  When this realization hit,
she tried to pull away.  "Elka, stop, everyone can see my butt."  But Elka would
brook no complaint.  Her strong arms easily kept Barb in her embrace and her
voice when low. "Pet, stop fighting me right now." Elka squeezed Barb's ass
cheeks with all her might and Barb stopped her struggling. "Don't you ever try
to pull away from me when I am playing with you.  I don't care where we are.  I
decide who sees your little body and when.  I thought you understood.  I guess
we will have to take steps when we get home to reinforce your obedience." 

Elka kept up her roaming hands all over Barb, going from her ass to her tits. 
Soon most of the crowd was watching the young couple go through their public
display.  When Elka finally got tired of dancing she led Barb back to their
table.  She again started work on Barb's pussy under the table.  Barb was in a
state of total confusion.  She loved when Elka played with her, and she had
eventually resigned herself to Elka's displaying her on the dance floor, but she
still had that underlying feeling of shame at the level of control Elka had
taken in her life.   And that comment that once they got home, Elka would have
to punish her for fighting, left her scared.   She snuggles up to Elka trying to
make up. 

"Elka, I'm sorry I made you mad on the dance floor.  I'm really sorry. It's just
that this is so new to me.  What did you mean by take steps to make me obey?"

Elka knew Barb was worried and wanted to keep her that way.  "You will just have
to wait and see.  I accept you apology, but you still need to be shown the error
of your ways."

Just as Barb was sucking up to Elka a lovely women about 25 walked over to their
table and sat down.

"Hi, I'm Tammy, and I couldn't help but notice you two dancing. I got hot
watching and had to come over and say thanks for the show."

Elka looked at the attractive blond and liked what she saw.  'I'm glad you think
we are attractive.  Your very pretty yourself.  Are you here alone?"

"Yes, I come her often looking for friends."

Elka decided to drop the bombshell on Barb. "Would you like to dance with Barb
here?  She is very passive and has a great body to play with."   Barb sat
upright at this offer.  But a strong squeeze on her pussy from Elka kept her
quiet.  Elka looked down at Barb.  "You will dance with Tammy and be a good
girl."  It was more a demand then a request and when Tammy got up and grabbed
Barb's hand she had little choice. 

Tammy was slightly taller than Barb and a good dancer.  It was another slow
number and soon her hands were roaming over Barb just like Elka had.   Barb
watched Elka as Tammy's hands began to move under her dress to touch her bare
ass.  Elka just raised an eyebrow and folded her arm, letting Barb know that it
was expected and she had better-let Tammy have her way.  They danced for ten
minutes and when they were done, Tammy gave Barb a nice kiss and led her back to
the table. 

"She's a dream and what a body.  I could feel her tight little frame all night. 
Are you two serious about each other?"

Elka leaned over to Tammy and spelled it out.  "Barb is my pussy slave.  She has
come to know me as the source of all her pleasure.  She will stay mine to do
with as I wish.  I liked seeing you two together because it meant she would do
as I asked.  Come back anytime and we will see what other tricks my Pet is ready
to perform."

Barb just sunk into her chair at these words.  Was she really Elka's pussy
slave?  What did she mean by doing tricks?   Tammy gave them an awkward smile
and left the two alone. 

The rest of the night was a steady stream of dance partners with Elka acting as
the matchmaker.  She turned some away and approved others.   The hostess danced
with Barb twice and seemed to really enjoy squeezing and pulling her body close
to the painful level.  Elka drank for free from then on.  By midnight Barb was a
messed up teen.  She had been female handled by about ten different ladies and
she knew the whole place had seen her bare ass. 

Elka decided it was time to leave so they said their thanks to the hostess. 
Joan slipped Elka a card as they left.

The ride home was quite, as Barb didn't know what to do.  She wanted to protest
this latest turn of events but Elka's earlier threat still hung over her head.

Barb's mom was already in bed when they got in and her dad was away again.  Once
into their room, Elka told Barb to strip and shower.  Barb quickly obeyed.  Elka
pulled the small digital camera from her purse that she had used to photo Barb
dancing at the club and began to upload them into the files.  By the time Barb
came out naked and clean, Elka had gotten into a see through teddy and was lying
on the bed.

"Come here Pet."  Elka commanded.

Barb walked over to Elka's bed. 

"Lay on top of me with your head on my boobs."

Barb crawled up on Elka as instructed.  Elka began to stroke Barb's back and
head as she directed Barb's mouth to her right nipple.  Barb began to lightly
suck on Elka as Elka spelled out some new ground rules for their relationship.

"From now on, I do not want any hesitation when I tell you to do something or I
do anything to you.  You are mine.  You do not have any more say into your
sexual existence.  I know this is difficult for you but I have decided that I
want you as my pussy slave and I have all the evidence on file to ruin your
life.  You have no choice anymore so get over it and accept it and you will have
some highly charged sexual fun.  Fight me and you will pay.  Now, I must not let
you get away with that public display at the bar, trying to stop me from
touching you.  How do you think you should pay for that error?"

Barb had been listening to Elka dictate her new existence and now she was in a
haze as to what she could mean by paying for her error.  Barb just looked up at
Elka with a blank expression.

"I see you are not going to answer so I will decide your punishment.  Tomorrow
when we are alone I will give you a spanking.  It would wake up your mom if we
did it now, besides, having you wait for your punishment will give you more time
to reflect on the error of your ways.  For tonight, all I want is some loving. 
Come here."

Elka took Barb's head and gave her a deep french kiss that lead to an exciting
round or sixty-nine.  Barb could not hide her orgasms as Elka worked her bare
snatch with her expert tongue.  She had become quite addicted to Elka's
manipulations of her body.  She did not want a spanking, but she put it out of
her mind as the lust washed over her.  Elka was quite satisfied when the two
finally fell asleep in each other's arms that night.  She had successfully
brought Barb out in public, showing their unique lesbian relationship.  She had
made contact with Joan, the bar owner, who she knew was into the S&M scene.  She
knew that before long, Barb would be performing as her slave and that she would
soon wear the marks of her new status.  She had to be careful not to go too far
around the house, since Barb's family was rather straight, but she knew she
could manage the scene.  Barb's mom was rarely home and her father only spent an
occasional weekend in town.  Yes, this was going to be a great year.  Making
money from the Internet, having her own pussy slave, and living in comfort in
the States.  She never had it so good.




Chap 7



When the two girls woke up the next day, Barb's mom was already gone out selling
houses.  Elka had the whole day to play with her pet.  She started by decorating
her pet in her new station.  Elka told Barb to kneel before her and went to her
dresser and opened a box that had arrived recently.  It was an order that Elka
had made for her new pet.  From the box she took out what looked like old
fashion leather bracelets, the kind kids make at camp.  But these had shiny
little rings embedded in the leather twists.  She took Barb's wrists and put the
bracelets on.  She had already gotten a pair of pliers and used them to close
the strong metal ring that secured the two ends together.  The bracelet just fit
the wrist now and was quite snug.  She repeated this with Barb's other wrist and
then used a connecting ring to link the bands together behind Barb's back. 
Barb's breasts now stuck out quite nicely.

Elka explained what she was doing. "I have thought about how I want to control
you. For now, I think these bands will do to make you feel your place.  I will
not take these off except for certain occasions when you need to dress up in
more formal attire.  So get use to them.  I have one more band that I want you
to wear.  I hope you like the punk look, cause you brought this on yourself by
disobeying me."

With that she pulled out a leather collar that matched her bracelets.  This also
required the pliers to joint together the ends and was nice and tight on Barb's
pretty neck.  Once they were in place, Elka tried to pull them apart and could
not budge the sturdy metal links.  The leather gave a little but returned to the
original shape when she let go.  Satisfied she took a length of chain and linked
Barb's wrists to the back of Barb's collar.  Pulling up tight, Barb gasped and
felt like she was choking when her arms pulled her head back.

"Elka, This hurts. Why are you doing this?  I'll be good, I promise."

"Your promises mean nothing.  I have to give you an example of what to expect,
short of sending your photo album to the world, when you misbehave."

With that she sat down on a chair and pulled the bound teen over her lap.  Still
naked, Barb was totally open to Elka.  For starters, Elka began to squeeze and
fondle Barb's butt.  Sliding her hands down between her legs to finger her slit. 
As Barb was getting worked up, Elka suddenly took her hand and laid a solid swat
on her butt.  She followed this up with ten more in quick succession.  Elka had
to hook her leg over Barb's kicking legs to keep her on her lap.  Barb screamed
and bucked as each slap hit. 

Elka, satisfied with the new red glow to Barb's butt, again started to message
her butt and pussy.  Barb was in a haze of pain as she was slowly worked back up
to a sexual peak. 

Elka reached behind her and pulled out a wooden paddle she had placed under the
bed that morning.  With Barb drifting between sore buns and her pussy getting
all worked up she never saw Elka raise the paddle and lay into her ass again. 
The paddle was ten times harsher than the spanking. Elka just loved the way the
paddle smashed Barb's butt flat and how it left an angry red stain where it hit. 

"You're killing me, Stop, I'll be good, I promise, I'll do anything you want,
just stop." Barb's screams and begging went on for each of the twenty cracks of
the paddle on her poor ass.  When Elka finally stopped, Barb was crying hard.

"So, have you seen the error of your ways young lady?"  Elka said as she lay the
paddle down and lightly stroked Barb's inflamed ass cheeks.

"Oh yes, I'll never fight you again. Please no more."

Elka moved her hands down to Barb's pussy again as she played with her pet's
mind.

"I thought I heard you say you would do anything if I stopped.  Did you mean
that or were you again lying to get me to stop?"

Wishing to avoid any more abuse, Barb folded. "No, I meant it.  Please, I'll be
good.  Let me make love to you now to prove it."  Barb looked up hopefully with
tear filled eyes at her roommate.

Elka continued to saw her fingers into Barb's pussy getting them deep enough to
feel her hymen.  She got a wicked idea.

"Well, since you said you would do anything I am going to call your bluff.  I
want to fuck you and bust your cherry.  You will forever remember me as the
lover that took you first.  I've waited too long already.  I want you to ask me
to do it and I want it convincing."

Elka lifted the bound teen back to her knees between her legs. Barb sank back on
her haunches but quickly sat up when her sore ass touched her legs.  Kneeling
there with her arms still tied to her neck behind her back, Elka couldn't resist
playing with Barb's out thrust tits waiting for her reply.

Barb thought about what she could do.  She really wanted to save her cherry for
her husband, but could not think of a way out of her present predicament.  Elka
seemed completely ready to continue her paddling if she didn't do as she asked. 
And how bad could a good fucking be next to the pain her ass was feeling. 
Resigned to her fate, she looked up at Elka and said, "Elka will you fuck me and
take my cherry?"

Elka just smiled at her pet and bent down to give her a deep kiss while she
pinched Barb's nipples.  Barb's yelp was swallowed by Elka.  Oh how she loved to
control this beautiful teen.  Breaking the kiss, Elka got a stack of pillows and
bent Barb face first over them.  Barb's ass and pussy were open in this doggy
style position to what Elka had in mind.  Leaving Barb bent in this very open
position, Elka went over to her packages and pulled out her faithful strap-on
dildo.  It was a real monster, almost twelve inches long and a good three inches
in diameter.  She knew it would fill Barb to the fullest and wanted this first
time to be unforgettable.  Barb could see Elka strapping on her toy dick and
could not believe this was happening.  When she saw up close the size of the
dildo, she began to regret her request to be fucked.  She could not believe how
that big thing could possibly fit in her.

"Oh Elka, No.  That's too big.  You'll tear me apart.  Please have mercy. 
Nooo."  Barb pleaded as Elka knelt between Barb's legs and spread them good and
wide.  She began to slowly move the head of the dildo up and down the juiced up
teen's snatch.  Elka took each of Barb's pussy lips and spread them wide to
nuzzle the dildo in Barb's hole.  She used her thumb to rub Barb's clit, making
it grow large and stick out from its hood.  This play was really quite enjoyable
and Barb began to relax.  Elka continued to move the dildo up and down Barb's
snatch, moving it deeper into Barb's pussy.  When the head was almost totally
into Barb's pussy, Elka reached around and grabbed hold of Barb's tits.  She
left the dildo head secure in Barb's pussy and lay down on her back as she
played with Barb's tits.  When Barb was moaning from the sexual heat growing in
her pussy and tits, Elka suddenly took a firm hold of Barb's tits, gave them a
hard squeeze and shoved her hips forward and impaled her dildo deep into Barb. 
Barb's hymen was ripped apart as the dildo slammed fully into her snatch. 
Barb's scream was so strong that Elka pushed her head into the pillows.  Elka
rose up to see her dildo firmly planted in the teen's pussy.  A small amount of
blood seeped around the dildo from the ruptured hymen.

"Your mine now.  I am your mistress.  You live to please me."

Elka continued to say these statements as she slowly began to saw her dildo in
and out of Barb.  Barb moaned from the pain of the first stab and pain in her
ass as Elka slammed her hips into her sore butt.  Elka reached down with one
hand and began to play with Barb's clit. Pushing it into her dildo as it pumped
into her enlarged pussy.  Despite the burning pain, she could not hold back the
pleasure that began to build in her clit and flow into her pussy.   Elka was in
no hurry and wanted this fuck to be memorably for Barb.  After all, how many
times do you loose your cherry?  Elka was flushed now herself as the dildo
rubbed deep into her pussy with each push into Barb.  She was approaching climax
as she felt Barb go over the edge and flood her hand with pussy cream as she
pinched Barb's clit. 

"Oh, Elka, fuck me.  This is great.  Don't stop."  Barb was turning into a real
slut as Elka rutted into her pet. Elka came to the sounds of Barb's begging and
kept right on going.  She fucked Barb to two more orgasms. Pulling on Barb's
tits and slapping Barb's already red ass.  Nothing she did could keep the teen
from coming on Elka's pumping dick.  Finally spent after a half hour of fucking,
Elka collapsed onto Barb and lay still with the dildo still deep up Barb's
pussy.  Elka hugged onto her pussy slave and enjoyed the afterglow of sex. 

"You liked that didn't you, my pet?  You will want this all the time now won't
you.  You will beg me to fuck you.  But you must earn these little pleasures. 
Remember, you are here to please me.  I will decide when you get this kind of a
reward."

Elka pulled out of Barb and went to wash up.  She stopped at the closet door and
made sure there was still plenty of film left in the camera that had captured
this latest sex bout.  She knew this would make her some cash. She came back
with a washcloth and wiped Barb's red pussy clean of the little blood that still
clung to her lips.  Once Barb was clean, Elka released the chain that held
Barb's arms to her collar.  Barb's arms came down now to the small of her back. 
Elka rolled Barb over onto her back and couldn't help giving her toy a deep
kiss.

"There now.  You have been punished for disobedience and also given yourself to
me."

The two teens spend the day swimming and loving each other. Elka free, but Barb
with her hands bound behind her back.  The lack of freedom was difficult, and
Elka would release her hands when she put Barb to work, but when the task was
done, Elka locked Barb's hands away behind her back.  When Barb asked how long
this would go on, Elka gave her the latest rule.

"I think that whenever we are alone, you will have your hands bound.  I don't
want you playing with yourself without my permission.  This way you will only
get release when I give it to you.  I don't think you will play with yourself at
school or when you're with your family and I will be with you whenever you are
not with them.  If you haven't come to the realization yet, nothing you do will
be beyond my control or view.  Get use to me being your life center as a good
slave must."

Barb could not believe this.  She had lost her freedom to this dominant beauty. 
How this had come about so fast still amazed her, but she had to admit she never
had an orgasm like Elka gave her today.  Maybe she could live with this slave
act if she got to come like today.  She didn't see any way out even if she
wanted to fight.  If she told her parents, she was sure the films and prints of
her acting as a lesbian with Elka would be all over school.  How could she live
with that?  She was stuck in her new role and secretly was coming to enjoy it.




Chap 8.  



The teen's lives continued on in this bizarre relationship of mistress and
slave.  For the most part, Elka only spanked or paddled Barb when she showed
reluctance to perform as Elka directed.  Slowly, Barb was forced to be more open
with her clothing and the ways Elka controlled her in public.  Anyone who saw
the two together would think they were very close and had to assume they were
lesbians by the way Elka would touch and kiss Barb.  The leather bands stayed on
Barb and Elka used them a soon as they were alone to keep Barb restrained.  Elka
would sometimes even keep Barb's hands bound when Barb went to pee.  She would
embarrass the teen by making her squat and pee and then wiping her.  Elka was a
good lover to compensate her pet's discomfort.  She became quite liberal with
her dildo, bringing Barb to shattering orgasms almost every day.  Elka wanted
Barb to come to crave the sex she provided and Barb was showing signs of needing
her daily fix.  For a test, Elka kept Barb from coming for two days.  By the end
of two day's abstinence, Barb was rubbing up against Elka and begging for
loving.  Elka knew she had worked the teen to the point where she was ready for
another visit to the lesbian bar.

It had been a month since the two teens had last visited the bar, and Barb had
totally committed to Elka's possession when they were alone.  Elka had plans to
see if Barb was ready to perform in public.  Barb was dressed in a tight leather
skirt that barely went over her ass cheeks.  For a top, Elka had chosen a tight
blouse with no bra.  Barb was a hot package as she came in the door on Elka's
arm.  Barb could tell that this was not the normal crowd.  In fact, Joan had
made this a by invitation only night that catered to the S&M scene.  Elka was in
an outfit that made her look older and she was playing her part of the mistress. 
As soon as they got to the door, Elka clipped Barb's wrists together behind her
back and attached a short leash to Barb's collar.  Using this to pull the
stunned teen along, they were shown their table by Joan who was in an outfit
that showed off her generous proportions.   Elka sat down at the table, but told
Barb to kneel at her side instead of sitting in a chair.  Barb's mouth fell open
and she just stared for a second until a hard spank on Barb's ass brought her
back to reality. 

Elka hissed, "Kneel this second or so help me I will give you pain like you
never believed possible!"

Barb fell to her knees and sat on her haunches by Elka's seat.  Satisfied with
Barb's submissiveness, Elka began to look around at the show.

Joan had invited a broad spectrum of clients to this special night.  There were
women dressed in hard leather outfits to those dressed in classy evening
dresses.  What most of them had in common was a companion that obviously was
their personal servant or slave.  Some were in cloths that while risky were not
obviously revealing.  Others went right over the top, in full restraint and
showing all their nakedness for all to see.  As Elka and Barb surveyed the room
they were having different emotions.  Elka saw a group of women that may have
seemed bizarre to this area of the country but were conservative to some of the
events she had witnessed in Europe.  Barb could not believe her eyes and wanted
to get out of this place as soon as possible.  She knew that she would have to
wait till Elka tired of the scene. If she complained she felt they would only
stay longer.

After settling down with a drink, Elka reached down and began to stroke her pet. 
Starting with Barb's face she caressed absently Barb as she enjoyed the
occasion.  Her hand soon slipped into Barb's blouse to feel and pinch Barb's
breast.  Unbuttoning the top three buttons, she soon had complete access to
Barb's chest.  With her hands behind her back, her breasts were now visible to
anyone who looked over at the kneeling teen.  Elka knew Barb wanted to bolt, but
was sure she had put enough fear of her disapproval into Barb that she would
stay.  How far she could take this fear was yet to be seen.

Joan had also set up a floorshow for this occasion and with little fanfare, the
first act began.  A couple approached the floor.  One dressed in a tight evening
gown and the other obviously dressed as her slave.  Her hands were tied behind
her back, all the way up to the elbows.  When she got to the center of the stage
the women in the evening gown made an announcement.

"This is my slave, Valerie.  She had displeased me and as punishment I have
brought her here to endure some correction.  She has very lovely tits, but I
think her nipples need to be longer."

The mistress had positioned Valerie up against a post and secured her tightly so
she could only bend forward.  As she was talking, she pulled open the flimsy
blouse Valerie wore, totally exposing her lovely breasts.  They were indeed
beautiful, about a 38DD set. 

"I will let Valerie stay here all night or until I feel she has suffered enough. 
Feel free to come and inspect her and let me know if you think she has had
enough or should I increase her pain."

Joan walked on stage carrying a box.  The mistress reached in and pulled out a
vicious looking clamp.  The serrated teeth would bite deep.  With little
hesitation, the mistress grabbed Valerie's left tit and pulled the nipple out. 
She snapped the clamp deep into the end of the poor slave's nipple.  Valerie's
cry could be heard in the kitchen.  The mistress repeated the process to her
right tit enjoying the same level of anguish. Not satisfied with the pain, the
mistress reached into the box and pulled out two chains, which she attached to
each clamp.  Giving a good tug on each she made sure the clamps were not coming
off.

The mistress then asked the crowd. "How much weight should I add to make my
slave a good cow with long udders?"  The surrounding tables yelled back numbers
that seemed unbearable to Barb.  She just sat there transfixed by the slaves
suffering.  The mistress finally decided to start with two-pound weights on each
chain.  She said she would come back latter and add more weight as her slave got
use to these.  Once the weights were on, Valerie's tits were pulled into
elongated cones reaching towards the floor.  Valerie bent at the waist under the
strain.  Her nipples were stretched out a good two inches.  As a final touch the
mistress gave the chains a good swing.  Valerie cried out again, but no one came
to here aid.

Elka watched the show with interest and pulled hard on Barb's tits as Valerie
went through her torment.

Bending down to Barb's ear she whispered, "Doesn't that get you hot?  Do you
think you could endure such treatment if I was to punish you?  You best be good
or you might find out."

Joan announced that there would be another presentation in thirty minutes and to
dance and socialize until then.

A few ladies went and inspected Valerie in her painful predicament.  They all
seemed to enjoy pulling or swinging the chains.  Valerie's moans of torment
could be heard over the music.  The dance floor slowly filled with women
dancing.  In almost every case a dominant/submissive relationship was obvious. 
Many slaves were in some form of bondage and endured the mistreatment of their
mistresses.

Joan took time now to come over and sit with Elka.

"Elka, so good of you to come tonight.  I see you are making progress with your
little slut.  She is just lovely.  What have you two been up to?"

"My pet has become an adequate slave, but she has much to learn and endure. She
has become a very randy slut.  She wants me to fuck her all the time.  Youth can
be tiring.  See for yourself, she probably is soaking wet from watching your
show.  Take her for a dance; she has become most adept at pleasing me.  Barb, be
nice to this mistress, I don't want to be embarrassed."

Elka handed Barb's leash to Joan.  Barb knew this was coming.  After all, the
last time they were here she had to dance with other ladies. So she had prepared
for the inevitable.

Pulling roughly on Barb's leash to get the teen off her knees, Joan tugged Barb
behind her to the dance floor.  Barb's tits were fully exposed and her shirt had
ridden up so her ass was clearly in view.  Having her hands tied together kept
her from rearranging her attire.  Not that it would have mattered.  As soon as
they started to dance, Joan's hands were all over Barb's body.  She played with
Barb's tits and reached down to stroke her pussy.  Sure enough, Joan's fingers
came away damp. 

"My, you do juice up nicely."  Licking her fingers right in front of Barb face,
she gave a satisfied moan. "You do taste good, I'll have to arrange something
with your mistress to get you as my plaything for an afternoon.  I'm sure we
could get along."  As they danced on, Joan rested on hand on Barb's right tit
and pulled the teen's head to her shoulder.  "I just love playing with your
tits, but I think they need to be decorated to properly show your standing as a
slave.  A nice stud pierced through these nipples would be such fun to play
with.  I'll have to suggest this to Elka.  You have so much potential.  Elka is
lucky to find such a young slave." 

They danced for a few more minutes and then Joan's duty as hostess made her
return Barb to Elka.  Having watched Barb's passive response to dancing with
Joan, she gave Barb a quick kiss.  "You did well.  I know you don't like to be
loaned out, but get used to it.  You're a beautiful catch and all these ladies
are envious of me.  Since I wish to stay in their favor, having you being used
by them occasionally is a small price.  Plus I saw Joan test your dripping
pussy.  Admit it, you find this highly sexually charged and can't wait to see
the next show.

Barb blushed beet red at these words but could not deny the truth in her heart. 
She was turned on and although scared and was now powerless to do anything about
it, she was not fighting.

The evening went on with an event every hour.  There was a spanking of a poor
slave over her mistresses' knees using a wooden paddle.  Another act had a slave
use a dildo to masturbate right in front of the suffering Valerie.  An act had
two slaves wrestle naked till one was pinned. But the final act was the most
extreme.  Joan brought out a rack and soon a slave was strapped naked against
its frame.  The poor slave's mistress then came out in a full leather outfit and
over the next thirty minutes used a whip to leave her slave's body covered with
lash marks.  There were only a few areas where the skin had been broken but the
effect on both sides of the slave were startling.  The slave had been gagged,
but her pain was apparent to all.  For this show, Elka had made Barb sit on her
lap.  As the whipping progressed, Elka would play with Barb, bringing her close
to orgasm many times.  When the mistress started working on her slave's breasts
with the whip, Elka brought Barb over the top to a mind numbing orgasm.  Elka
kept Barb going all through the show.  When the last act had ended, Barb was a
quivering mess. 

Grabbing Barb's leash Elka went to say good night to Joan.

"Thank you for a great evening.  We loved the show.  Please invite us to the
next."  Joan gave Elka a hug and talked to her in a quiet tone.  "Your always
welcome.  I loved dancing with your pet.  Please think about sharing her with me
for an afternoon.  I also think she is ready to be decorated with some jewelry. 
A nice set of nipple rings would look great on her."

Elka returned the hug and said, "I'll think about all you suggested.  Again
until next time thank you for your hospitality."

Giving Barb another pull on the leash the two walked to the car.  It was a
chilly evening and Barb's nipples turned rock hard.

"Elka, I'm cold.  Can you button me back up?"

Elka pulled the teen to the car and sat in the passenger seat.  "Before I do,
get between my legs and lick me.  I need to come bad after that show.  Hurry
pet." Barb quickly crawled to the floor of the car and dived her head between
Elka's creamy thighs.  It only took a few minutes to get the excited Elka over
the top. 

"God, you're getting good at that.  You might make a good slave after all.  Now
drive me home." Elka unfastened Barb's wrist bindings and enjoyed the ride home. 
She stroked Barb's face and body all the way.  She was thinking seriously about
Joan's idea about decorating Barb with some piercings.   She had seen it done
before and got wet again thinking about doing it to her toy.   It was so much
fun being a mistress and having your personal slave that she was thinking about
making Barb her permanent pussy slave even after this year was up.  She would
have to think of some was to get Barb to commit totally to her.  She had time
and the will to make it happen.  Tonight had been a big step to introduce Barb
to the S&M scene.  She had watched and got hot during the whole time.  How she
would react when she was on the receiving end would have to be seen.  Soon, Elka
thought. Maybe tomorrow.




Chap 9



Elka kept Barb under a tight leash for the next couple of weeks.  Driving her
deeper into her dependency of sexual pleasure and reinforcing her bondage
lifestyle.  Barb began to accept her arms being restricted and seemed to eagerly
perform her duty to service Elka sexually.  Elka would occasionally have to
correct Barb with the paddle but this was becoming more for Elka's enjoyment
then as a response to Barb's behavior.  When a package came in the mail for
Elka, she knew she was ready to bring Barb to the next level of servitude,
making her a pain slut. 

One of the key obstacles to inflicting too much punishment was the fact that
they had to take gym classes and any damage would be seen.  Elka had come up
with a solution to this problem.  She got Barb to ask her mother if she could go
into a special physical education program that would satisfy the schools
requirement for gym classes but could be done after school and not involve
having to shower as a group.  Elka and her would both be enrolled in this
program.  Since both girls were physically in great shape the coaches readily
agreed to let both girls do their own program.  Now the girls could exercise
after school and shower at home when they were done.  Elka was now confident
that any damage done to Barb could be concealed until they healed and the
permanent alterations would be hidden under even Barb's most skimpy bikinis. 

As it was already late fall, bikini wear would not be a problem for a while. 

Elka knew she would need some time alone with Barb to act on her plan, and when
Barb's mom and dad had to go out of town for a weekend to visit Barb's sick
aunt, she had her opportunity for full control.

Waving good-bye to Barb's parents, Elka put her arm around Barb's shoulder and
said, "I hope you are ready for this weekend because it will change you for
life."

Barb had no idea what Elka meant but a shiver went up her spine at the
implications.  What could Elka do that would change her life?  As the car
disappeared, Elka reached out and snapped Barb's wristbands together behind her
back and said, "Come my pet, it is time I make you mine forever.  I have made an
appointment for this morning for a beauty treatment for you and I don't want to
be late."

Grabbing their coats, Elka drove across town to a beauty salon that Joan from
the lesbian bar had recommended.  Pulling into the parking lot they saw only one
car.  Elka grabbed Barb's arm and pulled her to the door.   Elka'a knocking was
answered by a women in her late thirties that gave a big smile when she saw the
pair of teens.  "Come in, I'm Sue and I have been waiting for today since you
called.  Joan said you two were a pair I shouldn't miss so I am glad you came. 
Now what did you have in mind exactly?"

Elka undid Barb's cuffs and helped her out of her coat.  "First I think you
should get a look at what you have to work with so you can help me decide. 
Strip slave and be quick about it."

Barb had expected some kind of haircut, but this order to strip turned that
thought upside down.  Reluctantly, she began to take off her cloths.  Having no
underwear on, she was soon standing in the middle of the salon in only her
stockings, garter belt and 3" heels. 

Elka pointed to the chair and said, "Sit pet."  Barb sat down on the cold
plastic chair and was bent back till she almost was lying in the chair.

Sue had been admiring Barb making comments about her great legs and tits as the
teen undressed.  Now that she had her in her chair, she came over and got a good
look at her.  "Do you think we should restrain her or will she stay in the chair
during the procedure."

Elka thought a minute and replied, "Let's see if she will obey and if not we can
tie her down.  I had her not shave for the last three days so there would be a
stubble you could work.  Will she really never be able to grow hair there again
once you do the electrolysis?"

"The procedure kills the hair at the root, never to grow again.  After today,
she will never have to shave again."

Barb sat up on hearing this, "Elka, you can't.  I might want to have hair
sometime in the future.  How will I ever explain this to my husband?"

Elka responded to this outburst with a vicious slap on Barb's right tit.  Barb
howled and Elka pushed her down into the chair using her weight to keep her in
place Elka and told Sue, "I apologies for my slaves comments, she has earned
punishment for this disrespect and I guess you better bind her to the chair."

Working like she had done this before, Sue produced straps that soon had Barb
bound to the chair with her legs wide spread and her arms over her head.  "I
have some errands to run.  How long do you think it will take to do her pussy
and armpits?"

Sue surveyed the areas and said, "Better give me the whole morning.  How are you
going to pay for this?"

Elka looked at Sue and saw her lustful expressions.  "Joan said that you
sometime take 50% off the price if I let you have certain freedoms with the
customer? Can I have that discount if I have Barb service you as you wish until
I return?"

Sue ran a hand up Barb's naked chest and asked, "Is she a good licker, I don't
want to have to break her in?"

"My pet is an expert with the tongue and I'm sure she will earn her discount." 
Coming up to Barb she looked down into her eyes and said, "You have already
earned a severe punishment for publicly arguing with me.  You will do what this
nice lady asks you to do and you will do it well, or you will be one sorry slave
by the end of this weekend.  Do you understand?"

Barb nodded her head, "Yes Elka, I will be good."

She remembered the pain of Elka's paddles and knew she could not avoid them when
she was bad.  She still could not believe that her pussy hair was about to be
gone forever, but she had grown so used to being clean-shaven that it would not
be too bad.  How she would explain it someday to her husband still needed to be
thought out.  

Elka took her leave and Sue brought out the electrolysis equipment.  Sue made
sure the closed sign was out and that all the window shades were closed.  She
then started to strip herself.  She had a nice tight body with a clean pussy.
Standing over the reclining Barb stroking her young body she began,  "You are
such a beautiful girl, I wish you were mine.  But I do have you for this
morning.  While I work on your pussy hair I want your tongue working on my slit. 
The better you do at pleasing me the less harsh I will be taking care of your
pussy hair.  Now get to work."

Barb was almost lying flat so it wasn't hard for Sue to get into a 69 position. 
Sue began the slow work of zapping each hair.  Causing Barb to jump each time
the electricity burnt the hair to the root.  Her tongue work suffered from this
distraction but it was good enough that Sue was soon leaking all over Barb's
face.  It took Sue two hours and three orgasms before all of Barb's pussy and
armpit hair was gone.  Barb's tongue and mouth was sore from the workout.

Sue began to untie Barb; "I am going to flip you over so I can get the hairs
around your ass.  Don't be trouble and I won't have to tell you mistress."

Barb's defiance was gone. With her pussy hair history, what difference did butt
hair make?  Sue still took pleasure in tying Barb down securely. It took Sue
only a half-hour to finish the job.

"Well it looks like I have another hour before your mistress returns for you. I
wonder if you might enjoy a good fuck while we wait?"

The chair Barb was laying over was amazingly flexible.  Sue dropped the legs and
soon Barb was bent at the waist with her pussy fully open to Sue. Sue began by
feeling up Barb's sore pussy lips and fingering deeply into Barb's holes.  Using
Barb's natural lubrication, she soon had multiple fingers sliding into Barb's
pussy and asshole.  Sue took a break and went into the back room.  She came out
sporting a strap on dildo about the same size as Elka's.  Sue wasted not time
driving the dildo deep into Barb's pussy in one hard thrust.  Barb's scream
caused Sue to wrap her hand over Barb's mouth.  "Stop that screaming, Bitch,
this isn't the first time you've been fucked so shut up and take it."  Sue
accentuated her demand by spanking hard on Barb's ass.  Barb bite her lip and
endured the plowing she was getting.  While the initial assault had been
painful, soon the long strokes of Sue's dildo were bringing her close to orgasm. 
Sue continued to spank the teen and reach around and pull on her tits.  Sue had
a lot of stamina and was still going strong when Elka knocked on the door.  Sue
called, "I'll be right there."  Giving Barb one last spank and thrush she pulled
out and went to open the door still sporting her dripping dildo.  Making sure it
was Elka, she let her in.

Elka surveyed the scene and smiled.  Having Barb service other lesbians was
something new but by no means would this be the only time.  She knew what a
prize she had in Barb and planned many more of these outings. 

"I see you are done and taking your discount out on my pet.  Will this be the
only treatment needed or will I need to bring her back."

"This should do it, but if she has any hairs that were too small for me to see,
they might need to be taken care of.  Here's a booklet on how to do this at
home.  Enjoy it.  I know I do.  Come back anytime for other treatments.  I give
a good haircut too.  How about you getting electrolysis?  Then you would not
have to be shaved all the time?"

"I don't shave myself, my slave does me and she enjoys it.  Besides, someday I
might want to land a guy who might not like the clean shaved look. My pet her
will just have to adjust.  Come on, help me get this slut up and dressed, I have
other plans for her today and she still had a punishment coming."

Barb was soon up, dressed, bound and sitting in the car heading home.

"Elka, what are going to do to me?"  Barb was now really worried about the
direction Elka was taking in her control of her life.  These lesbian games had
been an adventure so far, but Barb always thought they would come to an end and
she would return to a normal existence when Elka left in the spring.  What shape
she would be in at that time was now Barb's primary concern.

Elka just looked sideways at Barb and reached a hand out to stroke her tits. 
"My pet does not need to worry about anything except her duty to please me.  I
see you still have ideas about what your role is and that disgraceful act of
defiance at the solon must be punished.  I think after this weekend you will
know where you fit into my life and have a new clarity of how your life will
unfold.  For now, sit back, shut up and don't worry about thinks you have no
control of."

Once home, Elka took Barb down to the basement to an area under a ceiling beam
that had a floodlight illuminating the area.  After having Barb strip, she took
a length of rope and tied Barb's neckband so Barb had to stand tall or be
choked.  The basement was chilly so Barb's nipples soon stood out hard and firm. 
Elka couldn't resist sucking them into inch long nubs.  Elka attention to Barb's
nipples and clit had over the last months caused them to grow.  Now with the
least attention, they blossomed into hard objects of lust.

"I just love your tits.  But I think they need to be decorated so anyone will
see that you are a slut and my slave.  Stay put while I get my toys ready." 
Elka gave Barb a hard slap on the ass and went upstairs.

Barb was starting to get scared.  She had never been at Elka's mercy for a whole
weekend with no chance of interruption.  And all this talk of decorating her
body reminded her of some of the slaves she saw at the bondage club.  None of
these thought now could change the fact that she was totally now at Elka's mercy
and saw no way of escaping in her current tied up position.

Elka let Barb wait a good hour as she bathed and dressed in a tight leather
outfit that showed off all her assets.  She checked the video feed from the mini
cams she had set up in the basement showing Barb struggling to stand tall and
not hang herself.

This would be a great video and would make her a lot of money.

Taking all her toys and torture tools she brought them down to her slave.  She
had given great thought to what alterations she wanted to do to Barb.  Her
desire to break her so Barb would be hers for as long as she wanted her required
Barb to recognize that she could never go back to her previous life and hopes of
a normal existence.  Barb had to think that her only choice was to stay with
Elka for love and sex since after today no man would ever want her.  How to do
this would require Barb to undergo some permanent body alterations that would
forever show any man that she was a lesbian slut slave.  If this was done, what
choice would Barb have but to stay with her one source of pleasure and
companionship?  Elka thought it would work, and now was her chance.

She had ordered a set of locking rings and a special piercing punch in order to
decorate her slave.  She also had a set of lettering tools that could be heated
and would be great for branding her slave forever.  She got wet just thinking
what was to come for her poor pet. 

Barb began pleading when she heard Elka's heels clicking down the basement
steps.  "Elka, please don't hurt me.  I've been good.  Don't you love me? Why
are you doing this?  Let me down and we can have great sex."

Elka listened to the teen beg until she stood right in front of Barb.  Then she
backhanded Barb across the cheek.  She had never hit Barb in the face and the
shock shut Barb off in mid word. 

"From now on you don't talk unless I ask you a question.  You will call me
Mistress and not Elka.  You are my slave and it's time you got over this thought
that this is only role-playing.  After I take possession of your body today you
will see that only I can give you any semblance of enjoyment.  No normal guy
will ever want you.  Since I am tired of hearing your whining, I brought
something to shut you up."

Elka took a penis gag and grabbing Barb's jaw pulled her mouth open and shoved
it in.  The gag had straps that kept the gag securely in Barb's mouth.  Only
garbled sounds could now be heard.

Elka went over and retrieved her piercing punch and walked back to her pet. 
Holding it up to Barb's face she began to explain its function.

"This is a little tool I bought that will give you great pain and will alter
your body so all can see you're a slave slut.  I am going to add rings to your
body, but instead of using a piercing needle that can heal up if the ring is
removed, I am going to use this punch.  You see how it's like pliers, but on one
claw there is this circular sharp extension.  When I press it into your flesh it
will cut out a piece of your shin and leave a hole big enough that it will
always be there.  I can put various sized punches on the claw to make any size
hole depending on the size of the ring I plan to put in you.  As you can
imagine, once I do this, anyone who gets personal with you will know you are a
lesbian freak.  I plan to use these rings to pull your pretty tight pussy lips
and nipples into hanging sluttish playthings.  Anyone who sees you will think
your pussy has been fucked by half the county.  What normal guy will have you
once you are transformed into my pussy pet?"

At these word, Elka bent down and started to suck on Barb's right nipple. 
Pulling hard she soon had it sticking out a good inch.  When she went to bring
the punch up to the nipple, Barb started flailing all around to keep Elka from
getting a good grip.  Seeing that Barb needed convincing, Elka went and got a
persuader.  She chose a riding crop.  When Barb saw it you could almost hear her
begging through the gag.

Elka walked up to Barb and said, "You earned this.  For being disrespectful at
the solon and fighting me now you are going to feel my anger.  While I still
love you as a pet, I can not have my slave act up.  When you are ready to stand
still and take your piercing I will stop.  Just let me know by nodding your head
yes."

Stepping back, Elka began her whipping.  She used hard, deep swats, starting at
Barb's ass and working down the backs of her legs.  Then she moved to Barb's
stomach and moved up to her breasts.  When the second hit on her breast landed,
Barb began to nod her head vigorously up and down.

"Have you had enough, pet?"

Barb just nodded and looked deep into Elka's flushed face.  Elka had enjoyed her
workout and was wet from seeing the multiple marks on Barb.

"I believe you, but I think you may still struggle when I get to actually
performing the piercings so I am going to tie you down to keep your from hurting
yourself.  Now be good or I will whip you all weekend."

Elka untied the rope keeping Barb's head up and dragged her over to an old
recliner chair.  Pushing her down, she got some rope and started binding Barb
securely to the chair.  She took Barb's legs and pulled them over the arms of
the chair so her pussy was completely open and accessible. 

"There, that should keep you from interfering with this little procedure.  Now,
let's start with your tits.  But first I think we need to add something to your
piercing.  I don't want you bleeding all over the place so I think if we heat
this puncher it should cauterize while it goes through.  It might take some time
to heat up so just think about how pretty you will look when I get done."  Elka
got a heavy kitchen mitten and went over to the gas furnace.  She took the punch
and held the side of the pliers with the punch in the flame till the end glowed
red-hot.

Walking back to Barb, she pushed the recliner all the way back and then
straddled Barb's head so it was tightly held between her strong legs.  She was
dripping with excitement as she slowly bent to suck Barb's right nipple to
hardness.  Looking up into the camera she smiled and went to work.  Pulling out
hard on Barb's nipple she began to squeeze the claws together.  She positioned
the cool side of the pliers deep down the length of her nipple so the hole would
be vertical when the ring went in.  With the first touch of the heated punch on
the other side of her nipple Barb bucked like a crazy women, but Elka's strength
and position sitting on her chest kept the punch from being dislodged.  Elka
slowly closed the pliers until the sharp punch came through the opening of the
other claw.  Elka could see wedged in the punch a tiny piece of Barb's nipple
forever removed.  When she opened the claw a clean hole could be seen running
through Barb's nipple from top to bottom.  Putting the punch aside she quickly
took one of the nipple rings she had selected and past it into the hole.  The
ring moved smoothly through.  When Elka pressed the ends together she heard a
small click activating the internal lock that would keep them in place until cut
off.  The ring was only about a half and inch in diameter and rested nicely
against the side of the engorged nipple.  The ring could not even pass over the
top of the nipple in its present erect state.  Elka wondered if the ring would
keep Barb's nipples this big all the time.  Wouldn't that be fun and
embarrassing for the teen?

Elka got up and admired her work  The ring looked cute on Barb's upturned tit. 
Barb lifted her head and looked down at her tits.  Sure enough a solid gold ring
perfectly bisected her nipple right at the base where it met her areola.  It
looked so strange sticking out.  She continued to stare at it till her neck got
tired and she let her head drop back.  What had she become?  What was worst was
this was just the first of many.

"You look great.  Now to add its partner."

Elka repeated the procedure with just as much bucking and protest from her bound
pet. 

"Now all the articles I have read on piercing says that you should let the ring
holes heal for a couple of days before you use them for any pulling.  So all we
will do this weekend is put these in.  We will wait till next weekend to use
them as they are now equipped.  Now how should I decorate your pussy?  I think
two rings on each pussy lip should be good for a start.  Since these will be
bigger rings, I will have to change the punch and make bigger holes.  Elka used
another pliers to change the piercing heads, this time using a punch head at
least an 1/8 of an inch in diameter.  The rings Elka planned to plant would go
on Barb's inner labia lips were a good inch and a half in diameter.  They would
keep the lips from closing and be a constant reminder of her openness.  Soon the
constant pulling would draw Barb's inner lips out pulling her whole pussy to
pout open.  Anyone seeing it in a few months would have to think Barb was
deformed.  Surely any guy would have to think her some kind of sex freak or so
Elka hoped.

Once Elka had the punch ready she lay down in the classic 69 position over the
reclining Barb and began to suck Barb's pussy.  She knew Barb was in pain, but
now she was also experiencing bliss under Elka's determined tongue. 

Shaking her head side to side in orgasm, Elka quickly reached into Barb's inner
lips, grabbed one and positioned the still red-hot punch on her tender inner
lip, about an inch down from her clit.  With a quick squeeze Barb's pussy was
forever hers.  Barb could not understand her torment.  Crashing into an orgasm
only to be slammed with the pain of having a section of her pussy lip removed
was too much.  Elka continued to lick Barb's clit as she wedged the gold ring
through Barb's new piercing.  With another solid click, the ring hung out of her
wide spread pussy.  Elka stuck the tool back under the flame, which she could
just reach in her position and continued teasing Barb.  This ritual of bringing
the teen to orgasms as she added rings continued until all four rings sprouted
from Barb's pussy and Barb was a panting wreck. 

Elka took all four rings in her fingers and used them to spread Barb's pussy
open. 

"Oh, these will be very useful in keeping this pussy always open for my
attention.  I don't know why I waited so long.  You almost look like the perfect
slave slut now.  Only one more addition."

Barb was shaking her head side to side in an obvious attempt to beg for mercy. 
If Elka experienced any pity for her suffering slave she didn't show it.  She
was determined to take this all the way.

The final symbol she planned to add to Barb was a branding right at the top of
her pussy on her pubic mound.  Three little letters would show Barb's status for
anyone to see.  And since she could not ever grow hair here again, she could
never cover the word up.   Elka again used the furnace flame to heat the three
letters till they were bright red.  She had read that the letters must be held
against the skin securely for about five seconds to get the best permanent
markings. 

Elka took a minute to add some bindings so Barb could not move her middle at
all.  Once she again sat on Barb's belly she was sure Barb could not buck and
ruin her branding.  

Elka took some time to lie face to face with her toy and kiss her tears.  She
took the gag off and kissed her deeply.  "I love you so for wearing your symbols
of slavery to me.  I could not be prouder of you.  You will always be mine and I
will care for you as no man could."  Elka kept up this love talk as she made
love to her pet grinding her pussy on Barb's leg until she eased the burning
lust that piercing Barb had given her.  Temporarily sated, she again bent to her
task of branding.  Barb just begged for her to stop and come back and make love
to her but Elka had to finish.  When Elka firmly pressed the first letter into
Barb's skin, she let out a scream that made Elka cream.  Holding the letter in
place and counting to five she could smell the skin burn.  When she pulled the
letter up, a clean letter could be seen rising from the burn.  The other two
letters quickly followed with just as much screaming.  Elka took a topical
antibiotic and spread it over the wound.  "This will keep you from getting an
infection.  I want this brand to be perfect when it heals up."

Sitting back Elka could already see that the brand was right on target.  'PET'
was now clearly visible in half-inch letters to anyone that looked at her pussy
from the front.  Elka crept down and got between Barb's legs and began to lick
the abused pussy.  Looking down as she pleasured her pet she could see the
letters in vibrant red.  Elka thought to herself, 'Oh how good it is to have
control of a plaything to this degree.  What could Barb do now except be her
pet.  Elka wondered how much more she could get the teen to do now?  Would Barb
accept her situation?  Would she go to her parents?  What could she say with all
the tapes of her acting as the lesbian slut she was?'  Elka thought she had her
pet just where she wanted her.  Not too whipped, but not in any position to
fight her mistress.   The last half of her year here staying with Barb was going
to be interesting.  She had started to think what she wanted to do after high
school. Maybe going to University majoring in Film Studies would provide an
opportunity to continue to use her internet trade to pay the bills and find a
steady supply of sluts to feed her more base desires.   She would need to bring
her pet with her to keep her satisfied.  She had really come to love her pet and
now that she had made her a true slave she wanted to keep her for a long time. 
But that could all wait, for now she continued to gaze on Barb's brand and hear
her pet moan in pleasure as she bit Barb's clit at the peak of her orgasm.  She
knew how to play this toy and loved to see her come.  Barb didn't seem to be
feeling any pain at the moment.  Elka had the rest of the weekend to play with
her pet.  What other fun could she have with her pet?




Chap 10





Elka spent the rest of the weekend taking advantage of her pet's new position. 
She made Barb crawl on all fours when she moved her around the house and kept
the riding crop and the strap on dildo at work whenever she saw Barb lagging in
her duties.  Barb waited on Elka hand and foot, tending to her bodily functions
and cooking all her meals. When Barb's mom called and said that she would have
to stay the week with her sister and that Barb's dad was going directly on a
two-week run, Barb almost shit herself.  She was counting on having her parents
back to keep Elka from totally dominating her day and night.  Now she would be
at her mistress' mercy the rest of the week. 

By Monday the piercings had healed to the point that Elka began to use them to
inflict pain on her pet.  Before they went to school Elka devised a devious way
to pull on Barb's pussy lips all day.  She had Barb wear a pair of stocking to
which she attached clamps.  Next she tied blue silk ribbon to each of her pussy
rings.  Pulling the ribbons down to the stockings she used them like garters to
hold the stockings up.  The ribbons of course were too short and caused Barb's
pussy to pout open.  Her lips were stretched out a good inch and this allowed
Elka to play with Barb's hole whenever they were alone.  Barb felt like a total
slut when Elka pushed two to three fingers deep into her hole. When Elka ordered
her to spread her legs when they drove to school, Barb's pussy gaped open so you
could see two inches into her pussy. 

Barb came to realize that her nipple rings had caused her nipples to constantly
stay about 3/4 of an inch erect.  The rings could just slide over the ends of
her nipples and could move from side to side.  Elka didn't want these rings to
go without a little toying so she also tied a ribbon between the two nipple
rings.  Again, the ribbon was short enough to pull the two tits together and
formed a good cleavage.  Elka decided that Barb would wear a merry widow that
pushed her tits high but did not cover them at all.  When Barb pulled a tight
sweater over this outfit you could not see the rings or ribbon pulling the tits
together but Barb would sure feel them tugging all day.

Once at school, Elka kept her toy bending and stretching to really give Barb's
tits and pussy a workout.  Elka had also noticed recently that a lovely
light-shinned Black girl named Alice, who used to be Barb's best friend's,
seemed to want to strike up a closer friendship with the two girls.  She would
sit with them at lunch and had become as close a friend to Barb as Elka thought
prudent given her campaign to make Barb her slave.  Elka asked Barb as they
drove home, "Do you think we should invite Alice over for a sleepover this week? 
I think she is cute and would make a great model when paired up with you.  The
black on white contrast would be great."

Barb thought hard on her response.  She liked Alice a lot from her old days and
would have loved to have her over for a sleep over, but she knew that Elka had
other than a normal evening in mind.  She could picture Alice seeing Barb in all
her ringed, slave glory coming at the end of Elka's dildo.  What would happen to
Alice if she got sucked into Elka's world?   Aside from fears for Alice, she was
kind of hurt that Elka would find another girl cute.  Her mixed feeling lead her
to answer, "I think she would come if we asked but I don't know what we would do
when she arrived.  Please don't make me be your slave when she is around.  I
would just die of embarrassment."

Elka just reached over and scratched Barb behind the ear and stated, "I think we
will work Alice into the movies slowly.  But from the way she follows us around,
I think she is ready for a little lesbian sex. I'll call her tonight and see if
she can come home with us tomorrow."

Alice readily agreed to come over the next night, even if it was a school night. 
Elka knew that after tomorrow at least one other would know for sure of Barb's
relationship as a sex slut to Elka.  How to use this evening to both keep Barb
in her place and also get Alice to join in on Elka's internet trade would be a
challenge.  Elka planned to start slow and see how Alice reacted as she forced
Barb to display her submissive side.  Would Alice be revolted or curious?  Would
she want nothing to do with it or join into the fun of lesbian sex when
presented the opportunity to enjoy?  Elka mapped out her strategy as Barb spent
the evening crawling on all fours and servicing her mistress.  God she was a hot
tramp as she swayed her ass with her pussy pouting open wearing her stockings. 
Elka had even added a small weight to the nipple ribbon to pull down and make
Barb's tits swing as she crawled and when Elka doggy fucked her.

The next day on the way to school Elka outlined her plan to Barb. 

"When we get home, you will not have to assume your slave status, but you will
change into an outfit that will show off your body to the max.  If she gets a
look at your rings, we will get a feeling how she reacts and her willingness to
join our play.  I think we will do some aerobic exercising, get hot and sweaty,
take a shower and go from there.  If she plays along, I may have you do some
posing for me and see if she will join in. This should be great.  I expect you
to do exactly as I say and do all you can to get as friendly and close as you
can with her.  If she has lesbian leanings, I don't want her to be disappointed.
Understood Pet?"

Barb nodded her head as she drove and replied, "Yes Mistress, I don't know how I
will react, but I will do my best to follow your directions."  Six months ago,
Barb could not imagine planning a lesbian seduction of one of her oldest
friends, but today, she was resigned to play her part in Elka's trap.  All day,
Elka and Barb palled around with Alice.  When it came time to drive home, Alice
was waiting by the car.

Elka cracked a big smile on seeing Alice and said, "Alice, we have been looking
forward so to your visit.  You know Barb's parents are away so we can have the
house to ourselves."

Barb played her part and gave Alice a quick hug as they climbed into the car.

The drive home was a typical teenage girl fest, with talk of school and boys. 
When they got home Elka made the first move.  "Alice, Barb and I always do our
workout when we get home from school, would you like to join us?"

Alice looked concerned, "Gee, I would love to, but I didn't bring any gym
stuff."

Elka just put an arm around her shoulder and started to lead her upstairs. 
"That won't be a problem, you are about the same size as Barb, except maybe a
little bigger in the boobs.  Let's see what we can fit on you."

Once in Barb's room, Elka went into the closet and began to go through cloths. 
She also turned on the mini camera's to capture the events of the evening. 

"Barb, why don't you get dressed in your outfit while Alice and I go through a
few outfits."

Barb quickly took her cloths and went into the bathroom to change.  Elka had
given her permission to take off the ribbons while they exercised.  She came out
a few minutes later and sat on the bed and watched Elka at work.  If someone
looked closely you could just see the outline of the nipple and cunt rings under
the spandex.

Elka first gave Alice and outfit she knew would be too big. It was one of her
old outfits.  When Alice started to strip, Elka also started to strip to get
into her outfit.  She went a little slower, so that when Alice pulled on the
leotard, Elka was still in her bra and panties.  Elka was in great shape and
Alice couldn't help looking closely at Elka's beautiful body.  When Elka saw the
leotard was too big, she came over to help Alice, still in bra and panties. 

"This will never do, it's much to big.  You would be flopping all around.  By
the way this bra your wearing doesn't look like it will give a lot of support. 
Take it off and we will get you a sports bra to wear."

Alice was a little self-conscious unsnapping her bra and standing there in just
her panties, but Elka was also pulling off her bra.  Now both girls were able to
get ample views of each other's bodies and Alice was obviously jealous of Elka's
amazon stature.

Elka took her time rummaging through some drawer till she came up with only one
bra and a new leotard.  Here, you can use this, I can't find mine, it must be in
the wash.  Besides, my leotard is tight enough to hold these beauties up."  Elka
cupped her massive tits in each hand and weighed them like grapefruits.  Her
nipples had grown to large ripe tips from the excitement.  So had Alice's.

Alice pulled on the bra and leotard.  They fit great and she was ready to
exercise.  Elka was soon ready and said, "Let's go down to the living room and
do this to music." 

They all trundled down and Elka started the music.  Usually, Elka and Barb
worked out hard for a good 45 minutes and today was no exception.  Alice, while
being athletic, was not used to exercising daily, dropped out after a good
effort at about 30 minutes.  She was soaking wet with sweat and just sat down
and watched the other two girls continue their aerobics.

When Elka finally called it quits, she too was sweating hard and winded.  "Boy,
we really worked hard today.  Alice, you did great.  Let's get something to
drink."

Barb played hostess and got them all big bottles of water.  Elka decided to be a
little daring.  "I'm really hot and my tits need some air."  Elka pulled her
arms out to the leotard top and then pulled it down over her tits.  Her rock
hard nipples stood tall on her massive chest.  Elka took her water bottle and
let it squirt water over her face and tits.  She was a glistening sight that got
Barb hot and Alice also took her time looking over Elka's beauty.

"OK, let's shower and get cleaned up.  Barb, you can shower in your parents
shower and Alice and I will use the one in our bedroom."  Barb was glad she
wouldn't have to strip and show all her slut hardware to her friend, but she
thought that this was only a temporary reprieve.  She knew Elka had plans to do
some photography and she felt she would get her fair share of the camera lens.

When Elka and Alice got to the bedroom, Elka told Alice to go first.  Elka
however striped off her gym cloths and spent time in the bathroom trimming her
pussy.  Alice watched Elka as the shower warmed up. 

"Elka, do you really like having a completely shaved pussy?"

Elka looked up from her razor and smiled, "Oh Alice, you just can't know how
good it feels when you play with yourself when there is no hair in the way.  I
get hot all the time from just the rubbing of my cloths.  You have a nicely
trimmed pussy, but you should try the shaved look.  If you want, I could help
you trim yours now, then all three of us would be the same.  How about it?"

Alice felt a flush come over her, as she stood there naked by the shower while
Elka played the razor over her pussy.  Alice asked, "Barb is bare also?"

Elka nodded, "Bald as a ten year old and will stay that way?"

Elka saw her hesitancy and said, "Anyway, could you give me a hand and help me
trim down her where I can't see.  Barb usually does this for me."  Elka stuck
out her hand with the razor and sat up on the counter spreading her legs and
showing off all her crotch to her new friend.  Alice stood there for a minute
thinking and then shrugged her shoulders and walked over.  Elka had lathered up
her pussy so all Alice needed to do is kneel down and start drawing the razor
over the lower parts of Elka's pussy.  There was hardly any stubble to cut, so
Alice was soon done.  She did however notice the musky sexual aroma from Elka's
dripping pussy.  Elka was always easily stimulated and having Alice play with
her pussy got her wet.

The room had gotten steamy now and Elka jumped down from the counter when Alice
sat back on her heels.  Elka pulled Alice up and the two were now face to face
naked and hot.  Elka gave Alice a quick peck on the cheek.  "That's for helping
me out.  I hope we can become good friends.  Now how about you jumping up on the
counter and I will do you.  If you want we will leave the hair on your mound but
shave all the stuff lower down.  Trust me, you will love it."

Elka practically guided Alice to sit up on the counter and was soon spreading
the shaving cream all over Alice's pussy.  Of course, Elka again knew that this
would be a great video clip as she had turned the camera's on prior to entering
the bathroom.  Elka took her time shaving Alice, playing with her lips, pulling
them out and shaving every hair on them.  Of course the stimulation soon had
Alice's pink cunt dripping.  When Elka was done, she gave Alice's clean-shaven
pussy a long blow right on her clit.  Alice nearly came, just like Barb so long
ago under the same taunting.

Elka gave Alice a quick slap on the thigh to bring her back to reality and said,
"Ok, lets wash this stuff off and get clean.  Elka guided Alice into the shower
and then stepped in herself.   "It's big enough for both of us, and besides, I
need you to scrub my back."  The two lathered up and Elka took the lead to scrub
Alice's back all the way down to her butt crack.  Alice took a little
encouraging to start washing Elka, but she did help.  They rinsed off and
stepped out. 

Barb was sitting on the counter in a loose tee shirt that went down below her
butt.  Elka had told her to wear this and no underwear.  Barb would have to be
careful how she moved or she would flash her rings to Alice.

Elka started giving orders when she saw Barb.  "Pet, take that big towel and
help dry Alice off.  She let me do her pussy.  What do you think?"

Taking a big towel off the rack, Barb walked over to her friend and started
drying Alice's back and hair.

"She looks great, even with that little tuft on her mound. Did she enjoy the
shaving as much as I used to?"

Elka gave Barb a big grin, "I think I did a good job on her.

Alice looked quizzically, "What do you mean, 'used to' Barb, by the looks of
your pussy it gets shaved regularly."

Barb just looked down and answered,  "I got electrolysis down there so I don't
have to shave anymore."

Elka cut in. "Alice, you have to be wondering by now about Barb and I.  I hope
you're not the judgmental type, but Barb and I do play with each other from time
to time.  She is such a hot number that I just can't help making her come.  I
know the talk around school is that we are an item. My telling you for sure
shows what great trust we have in your friendship.  Barb is still embarrassed
about our making love.  I don't have a problem with it and we hope you don't
either."

This was the moment of truth.  Would Alice leave or would she stay.  The fact
that she was still standing there naked with these two obviously lesbian girls
kind of left her few options. 

"I don't have a problem with it if you guys don't.  I don't think I'm a lesbian
though so let's just be friends."

Elka just smiled and put her arm around Alice and lead her out into the bedroom. 
"I'm glad you will stay.  We do not want to make you uncomfortable, but we
rarely go around the house with cloths on when Barb's parents are out.  We
usually do some photography after we work out.  Would you like to help us?  I
think you are very pretty and I would love to photograph you for our collection. 
We have some great outfits you would look hot in."

Elka started with some nice tight tops and shorts outfits that Alice seemed to
like posing in.  Elka kept up the camera work but had also started the video
cameras rolling capturing Alice changing.  When Elka gave Alice a thong bikini,
she hesitated.  "I don't know about this.  This is practically strings. I will
feel naked in this."

"Oh, just try it on, if you don't like it I won't take your picture."

With that assurance, Alice stripped and stepped into the bikini.  She looked
super hot in this outfit and had to admit that it really showed off her assets."

Barb chimed in, "You look great in that.  I bet if you wore that all the boys
would be jumping your bones."

Elka added, "Are you sure I can't take your picture?  I can't see anything more
than some commercials show.  Besides, it would be just for us.  If you want I
will take some pictures of us you can have.  That way we will all be in the same
boat."

Alice finally gave in and started to pose for the camera.  Elka zoomed in on
Alice's nipples peaking through the bikini and her thick pussy lips sneaking out
between the thong.  This would be great to add to the web.

Alice finally tired and said, "OK, I'm done.  Now it's your turn.  I want some
pictures of you and Barb and they better be good."

Elka smiled and said,  "You asked for it.  I think its time we show you how we
girls play.  Here's my camera.  Take as many pictures as you want."  Elka turned
to Barb who had been sitting on the bed and barked, "OK slut, it's time to put
you through your paces.  Your friend wants us to give her a show so you better
not disappoint me.  Get your lazy ass over her and start giving us a strip tease
like I taught you."

Elka turned on some music and Barb, looking mortified in front of her friend
began to dance.  She had become quite good under Elka's training and made a good
show of pealing off her top.  Since she was naked under it didn't take Alice
long to zoom in on Barb's totally bare pussy, her rings and branding.  Elka
watched her reaction to each as Barb revealed them.  From the look on Alice's
face and the amount of pictures she was taking, she was obviously curious about
what had come over her old friend.

When Barb was completely bare and had danced enough Elka came up to her and
grabbed her arms.  She used her cuffs to bind her arms behind her head and
pushed her to her knees.

"That was very good slut, now it's time to show Alice how good you are at
pleasing me." Before Barb could protest, Elka had grabbed Barb's hair in one
hand and pulled her panties down with the other.  One strong pull and Barb's
face was deep in Elka's crotch.  A good hard pull on Barb's hair got her tongue
moving. 

Alice had to sit down as she watched the two go at it.  She forgot about the
camera after a minute and sat staring at the obvious pleasure Barb was giving
Elka.  After a minute or two, Elka stole a look at Alice and notice that her
right hand had moved to her pussy and was pressing hard on her clit as it move
up and down her slit.  Elka soon felt the deft tongue of her slave bringing her
close to orgasm.  She so loved having control over her pet and now it looked
like she would have a new toy to play with.   The way things were going, she
could have a whole stable of girls by the end of the year.




Chapter 11



Elka threw back here head as Barb tongued her to a knee-bending climax.  Pulling
back on Barb's hair, she gazed down into the lust filled eyes of her pet. 
Bending down she gave her slave a deep kiss, enjoying her own essence on the
moist lips.  Sensing it was time to concentrate on Alice, she gathered herself
and rose to her feet.  Standing naked in all her sex-blush beauty made Alice
wonder at the intensity of the loving she had just witnessed. 

"Alice, I trust what you have just seen will show how much Barb truly loves me. 
She has become my lover and much more.  I hope you will keep our secret and not
be uncomfortable with our lifestyle.  You are a dear friend of Barb and we would
like to have you as our guest as often as you would like to visit."

Alice was afraid to move.  She had never been so hot in her life.  These two
girls had just shown her a side of sex she only gave fleeting thoughts in the
dark during her wildest fantasies.  And here it was laid bare for her to watch
and obviously participate in if she chose.  With mixed dread she looked into
Elka's striking eyes and gave a reply that would lead her into a life-changing
adventure.  "I would love to stay and be your guest.  Please do not let my
presence inhibit you in any way.  While I don't think I could ever be a part of
this, I find it really hot and would love to stay and watch."

Elka caressed Alice's cheek, "That's sweet.  We want you to be totally
comfortable here.  Enjoy yourself however you want.  If you need a little help I
have some nice vibrators here on the bed stand.  Barb loves to play with them
and can't seem to get enough of pumped her slutty holes."

Alice had so many questions she was burning to ask her friend.  "Barb, this is
such a change from what I used to know of you.  Your piercings and markings are
incredible.  How did you get them done?  Do your parents know about you two?"

Elka thought how to handle this.  She knew that Alice would continue here
questions and thought it a good test of here pet to see what she would say. 
Elka turned and headed for the door.  "Pet, I think you need some time with
Alice to answer her questions.  I'm going down and watch some videos.  Make me
proud."  This last statement was a warning as well as encouragement.

With Elka gone, Barb motioned Alice to came and sit on the bed beside her. 
Still totally nude and sporting all her jewelry, Alice just stared.  Barb broke
the tension, "Alice, if you want to touch them I wouldn't mind.  They really are
pretty, aren't they and they keep me hot all the time." 

Alice took a minute to think, then tentatively reached out and took one of
Barb's nipple rings and turned it through the nipple looking for a latch.  "How
does this come off?"

Barb swallowed and said, "It doesn't.  Not until Elka decides.  All my ring are
like that one.  I don't know when they will come off as Elka has kind of taken
control of my life.  I really don't know where all this is leading, but I can
say I have never had so much great sex in my life."

Alice looked confused, "But what about boys?"

Barb confessed, "I don't think Elka intends for me to have any boyfriends soon. 
Besides, look at me.  Who would go out with a ringed lesbian pet to a mistress
as strong as Elka?  She is so in control of things that I don't see anyone
challenging her.  I have come to realize that for this time in my life I am
her's.  Her pleasure has become my pleasure.  I don't know how to explain it,
but I really live to make her happy.  And I know that having you come to accept
and maybe join us in our sex would make me really happy.  I have always loved
you as a friend and am so happy you have stayed and not run away at seeing me
like this."

All during this discussion, Alice had continued to roam her hands over Barb's
rings, turning, pulling and caressing Barb's tits and pussy.  When she came to
the branded PET above her pussy, Alice just rubbed it and asked, "How did you
get this?"

Barb had to think quickly.  She didn't want to scare off Alice so she made up a
story.

"Well, I was really feeling strongly for Elka one weekend and she thought I was
not being sincere.  I had to promise I would do anything to make her see that I
truly loved her.  She called me on this and asked me to wear her mark as a sign
that I would be her's.  I gave her my word that I would, so she gave me this. 
It's a brand and I will have this my whole life.  It's more then a tattoo and
means so much more." 

Hearing herself describe the meaning of her rings and brand made her understand
the depths of her commitment to Elka.  She now realized that for better or
worst, she was tied to her mistress for emotional and sexual sustenance.  The
need to please and maintain that bond was now her primary concern.  If enticing
Alice into this lifestyle was the price to keep Elka happy, she now saw it as a
reasonable choice.

Alice realized that this mark on her friend would always be visible since she
had had all her pussy hair removed by electrolysis.  What a commitment.  Little
did she know that it had not been consensual at the time.

Barb reached out and caressed Alice's arm as it continued to roam over her body. 
"You are making me feel all hot.  I love having my rings pulled now.  They keep
me hard and the rings in my pussy keep me open and wet.  Can you feel how
excited I am?"

Barb now reached up and touched Alice's breast trough the bikini top Elka had
left her wearing when they were done with the modeling.  Barb soon had Alice's
nipples hard little bud.  She teased them mercilessly to Alice's growing
delight. 

The two young teens took a moment from touching to stare into each other's eyes,
Barb made the first move to lean in and brush her lips over Alice's open mouth. 
With a quick hug, Barb kissed Alice's face, returning to her panting mouth for a
deep French kiss.  Barb had become a great kisser under Elka's tutelage and used
her skill to drive her friend to newfound sexual heights.

Elka sat in the living room and watched the camera feed from the bedroom she had
set up.  She was very proud of Barb's actions and made a note to reward her with
a special session of the hard sex she craved.  The tape of these two would be a
great addition to the web site.  She had researched and found that black and
white sex really was the craze. She wondered how Alice would take to becoming a
porn star.  She really didn't care.  These American teens seemed more concerned
about appearances then understanding the reality of their growing depravity. 
She planned to use the blackmail approach if needed, but from the way things
were heating up in the bedroom, she knew Alice was going to be a great new toy.

Barb continued her kissing of Alice and now pulled the string to remove the top
and get better access to Alice's straining tits.  She began to pull the top off
Alice's shoulders but Alice came to realize her position and held her arms tight
to her body keeping the top on but leaving her tits now open to Barbs assault. 
Barb begged her friend, "Please, let me see your beautiful body.  You have seen
mine and I just want to look at you.  I'll lock the door if you are afraid of
Elka interrupting us.  This can be just our secret."

Barb knew full well that the bedroom was wired for video and sound, but still
wanted this time alone with her old friend.  She knew Elka would soon enter into
this game, but for now she wanted to bring her friend into the lesbian
sisterhood by herself.

Rising to lock the door, she returned and knelt by the bed and looked up at
Alice.  She was so hot with her top off, her pussy covered with a sheer silk red
thong. "Come on Alice, I have seen you when you changed, lets get naked and
really explore each other.  You can do anything you want to me, and I will only
do what you ask me to.  Think of me as your slave to service you however you
need."

This was a new idea for Alice.  She had always been kind of jealous of the
privileged life Barb lived and her beauty and now to have her on her knees
begging her to see her naked was a real turn on.  She came from a big family and
had three brothers.  She had not had much hands-on sexual encounters in her
short life and to have this gorgeous white teen begging her to take control of
her body was just too tempting.

Alice looked at the bed stand and reached for the toys.  "Barb, I want to see
you play with yourself.  Lie down on the bed and fuck yourself silly with these
dildos.  I want to see how you can fit these monster up your little pussy."

Barb jumped to comply; she was getting hot looking at Alice and always enjoyed
plumbing her pussy with the big black dildo.  To get started she lay back on the
bed and started a lazy suck on the long dick.  After it was good and wet she
looked at Alice and asked,  "Come over here and give me a hand, grab my pussy
rings and pull me open or I'll never get this monster in." 

Alice hesitated for only a moment and then knelt between her friends spread legs
and took the rings and began to pull Pet's lips wide apart.  Barb brought the
dildo down and began to rub it up and down here slit.  Her pussy began to get
real wet at the sight of her friend's face between her legs and the dildo
messaging her clit.  Tilting the dildo to line it up to her pussy she shoved it
in with a heavy sigh.  "Oh yeah, that feels so go to be full.  Oh Alice rub my
lips, Oh that's good, flick my clit,  Harder baby.  Oh this is so hot."

Barb kept egging Alice on to play more and more with her body.  She soon had
Alice pumping the dildo and playing with her clit and ass while Barb took her
nipple rings and used them to pull and maul her tits.  She was really close to
coming when she got the idea that she needed Alice to suck her off. 

"Oh baby, this is so good, but I need your help to come.  Lick my clit as you
fuck me.  Come on, I'm so close.  Please"  She reached out with one hand and
took the back of Alice's head and gently pulled her face down into her cunt. 
Alice was caught up in the beauty of Barb's sexual lust and the decadence of the
moment.  She had never thought to lick Barb, but once she began to tentatively
lick her clit she came to enjoy the taste.  Doubling her efforts with the dildo
and lip-locked with Barb's clit was all it took Barb to reach a gut-wrenching
climax.  Barb arched her back and seemed to pull harder on Alice's neck,
wrapping her legs around her head and holding her until the waves of pleasure
drifted off. 

Finally relaxing, both girls lay together in the afterglow of lust.  Alice could
not believe the intensity of Barb's orgasm.  She had never been able to come
close to what she had just seen when she played with herself.

She had to admit that her inhibitions were breaking down and her lust was
building.  She decided to go for it and laid back.  "Alright you little slut,
enough of your pleasure.  If you really are a pussy slave come over her and give
me an orgasm as strong as you just got.  And it better be good, slut or I'll
spank your ass red."  Alice could not believe her own ears as she gave
instructions that Barb jumped to obey.   Barb was a pro at knowing what turned a
girl on and soon had Alice panting with lust.  Barb teased Alice for a good
thirty minutes of tonguing and using the vibrators until Alice came into the
face of her best friend.  Barb lapped up Alice's pussy juice and kept up the
tongue bath until Alice pushed her head away.  "Enough, Enough.  God that was
good.  I can't believe what you can do with that tongue.  I must have this again
soon."

Elka, who had opened the door with her key, was watched the love tryst for the
last ten minutes chimed in now.  "If you want to use my Pet in the future, I'm
sure we can arrange for her use, but I am going to have to ask for something in
exchange for her talents.  I know we can work out some more photo sessions or
other services to me to equal out Barb's being used as your slut whenever I am
not using her.  She really needs to be constantly at work or she gets lazy and
starts playing with herself.  Do you think you can help me keep her busy?  You
can come over here anytime you want and use her, but you must follow my
instructions should I want to use your luscious body for my own pleasure.  I can
assure you, you will enjoy yourself.  So, do we have a deal?"

Barb had continued to touch and play with Alice's pussy as Elka gave her
proposition.  Alice could easily build to another orgasm from Barb's talented
tongue.  With this stimulation and looking at Elka standing over her in all her
naked glory, she caved.  "Alright, Yes, I will trade.  My services to you Elka,
for Pet's service to me."

Little did Alice know the depths of service Elka would eventually demand for the
privilege of Barb's passions.




Chapter 12



Alice spent the night in Barb's room, sharing Elka's big bed with Barb.  Elka
had set the lights low, but bright enough for the camera's to pick up the
action, then retired to Barb's parent's bed for the night.  She knew a night of
lustful experimentation with her Pet would hook Alice for good.  She gave
special instructions to Barb that she was to do their loving above the covers
and that she could use all the vibrators and dildos she wanted but she could not
bust Alice's cherry.  She wanted the privilege to break her in just as she had
Barb so long ago. 

By morning, the amount of sex movies the two teens had generated would take Elka
most of the day to edit and put on her web page.  Elka woke the two lovebirds,
had her Pet go start breakfast and took Alice into the shower to perform her
duties as wash mate.

"Did you enjoy my Pet's service last night" Elka asked as Alice rubbed a soapy
washcloth over Elka's creamy ass.

Alice was awash with new feelings and sexual satisfaction.  She was so sated
that she absolutely glowed.  "Oh Elka, she is so good and just kept making me
come and come.  I never experienced such loving."

Elka turned and let Alice wash her firm tits.  "Good, Good, I am glad that Barb
performed to your satisfaction.  One new rule though, when we are alone or in
just Pet's presence, you will call me mistress.  This is a rule for Pet, which I
let slide this weekend until we were sure you were ours.  She also does not wear
any cloths when we are together unless I let her.  I expect you to follow her
example and go naked while you are here.  Is that to your satisfaction?  I think
it is only fair, considering the amount of pleasure you got last night and will
continue to get while you are with us."

Alice just kept up her washing duties on the statuesque blond.  She was down on
her knees washing Elka's long legs when Elka delivered her request.  Looking up
at the powerful blond, Alice decided going naked and calling this girl her
mistress was indeed a small price for the use of Barb's talented tongue.

"Ok, Mistress, I will follow your rules.  Can I give Pet orders while I am here? 
I really got off pushing her around."

Elka nodded, "As long as your orders do not break my rules and know that my
orders rule this house, you can have her be your slave.  I have some ideas about
Pet's continuing education.  She has been practicing blowjobs on dildos and
vibrators, but I think we need to open her horizons to the real thing.  I think
we will start a program at school to humiliate her.  I plan to start offering
her services to kids for a price.  Whoring her out will kill her reputation and
any chance at catching a nice boy and leaving us.  This will make her more
dependent on us for loving and insure she will stay our Pet.  I think we will
also during these sessions instill in her little brain that blacks have the best
dicks.  She will come to understand that only black dicks would satisfy her,
further bringing her down the road of sluthood.  She will be so screwed up she
will never be able to live a white bread life.  What do you think of my plan? 
Think you could help line up some large black dicks to addict our little pet
to?"

Alice had stopped washing and was thinking hard, trying to imagine her newfound
slut friend on her knees sucking off big black dick.  God what a slut she would
make.  "I think I could help in your plan.  As a matter of fact, I think my
three brothers have really big dicks, from what I have seen around the house. 
They are always sporting huge hardons and trying to get a look at me naked. 
They are such perverts, especially my big brother Tyrell.  He's nineteen, has a
great build and has so many girlfriends that he must be good.  He seems to just
use and throw them away, but he has never brought any white girls around yet. 
Pet might find his power very impressive."

Elka thought this would be great.  Not only was Alice now actively planning to
bring Pet farther down the road of debauchery, but she was enlisting her family
to the task.  Elka would let Barb suck some white boys off, but she would be
sure beforehand that they had puny dicks and acted like wimps. 

Elka broke her revere and started to get out of the shower.  "Alice, dry me off
and then yourself, go down and help Pet with breakfast.  I have some work to do
on the computer.  Bring me my breakfast then you can dominate Pet all you want. 
Knock yourself out.  I think you should try spanking her for some error.  She
needs a good correction occasionally to keep her in her place.  Talk to her
about your brothers and their cocks.  Let her know that you want her to give
them blowjobs sometime.  Might as well break the idea to her now, cause come
Monday, she is going to begin her whore duties.  We will make a pretty penny off
her slut mouth.  Now off with you"

Elka spent the rest of the morning turning last nights camera work to some great
digital downloads that were soon getting massive hits on the web.  It looked
like black on white action was indeed profitable. 

Downstairs, Alice took to her role of mistress with a vengeance.  She was soon
noticing all kinds of errors in Pet's cleaning and was spanking Pet's ass red. 
She quickly figured out the bondage use of Pet's bracelets and used them to
control and torment her friend.

The weekend ended with all three girls in Pet's parent's king size bed, Elka
ruling the show and putting her two slaves through their paces.  Alice soon was
ready for her cheery busting debut.  Elka lead her back into Pet's room for this
event, where the cameras would document the action.  Alice was very apprehensive
and had to be held down a little by Pet and Elka once she realized what was
going to happen.  "Now Alice, this is the price of all that dominance you had
over Pet all day.  I will be your mistress, and being the one to take your
cherry will be something you will always remember."

With Pet using her strong legs to hold Alice's head firmly in her snatch, Elka
began to pump her strap on dildo deeper and deeper into Alice's virgin cunt. 

"Oh Alice, you have such a tight cunt. I really have to push hard to drive this
baby into your pussy.  You are so much stronger then Pet.  I love your athletic
build and cone tits."

Elka was really rocking now, bumping hard into her hymen on each thrust.  "Ready
to be my bitch, Alice.  I will have to think up a good nickname for you too. 
Her we go.  Kiss your virgin cunt goodbye."

Grabbing hard to Alice's hips she slammed her strap on deep into the wet cunt. 
With a yelp that was only partially covered up by Pet's pussy, Alice lost her
cherry to Elka.  Elka started to get all kinds of ideas of being the lesbian
cherry popper of all times. She was young and there seemed to be an endless
number of sluts to break in.  Alice was soon swooning into Pet's pussy under the
driving thrusts of Elka.  She had two good orgasms before Elka came and pulled
out.

"Pet, come her and clean us.  Lick my dick clean of Alice's blood and cream and
then get down and give our new lover some tender care."  Pet only hesitated a
minute before she accepted her role and did her duty. 

This new video would go into Elka's collection for sure.  There were so many
possibilities with three girls.  She was not too happy to be seen on these tapes
but she knew they were really hot and sold well. 

The weekend went great and by the time Alice went home she was securely addicted
to dominating Pet, and had come to grudgingly accept her role to Elka.  She was
still sore from losing her virginity, but what was done was done.  She looked
forward to recruiting some big black dicks for her new slave.  Who knew where
this would lead, but she was coming to enjoy dominating Pet.




Chapter 13.

 

When school began the next week, Alice and Elka went about putting their plan
for Pet's cocksucking career into action.  Elka was very quick to identify the
white kids that probably had small dicks and would come at the first view of
Pet's naked tits.  It took only a session with the crop on Pet's ringed tits and
pussy to have her begging to serve as Elka's whore.  She soon had Pet on her
knees taking three to four white dicks during each break between classes.  Alice
had the task of recruiting black guys who had dicks that were quite impressive
and took a long time to come.  By the end of the week, the school knew who to go
to for a good blowjob and Pet had become know as a first class whore, much to
her shame.  But she was fully cowed by both Elka and Alice. 

Alice truly enjoyed her role in dominating Pet and was becoming very popular
with the black crowd on campus for her ability to get Pet to do anything.  While
she had many offers to let Pet fuck the big black cocks she procured, she did
not let it happen.  She did force Pet to get naked and show off all her rings
and allow the guys to man-hand all her holes.  She usually left school with a
sore cunt and tits from all the pulling on her rings and finger fucking she got. 
Her nipples and cunt lips were showing definite signs of growing longer from all
the attention.

This new role for Pet was also very profitable for Elka.  She charged only a
small fee for the use of Pet, but she made up with volume among the
quick-shooting white boys.  Alice didn't make near as much as it took Pet more
time and energy to get one of the black stud's to come.  By the end of the
second week of Pet's whore career, she truly believed that all white guys had
small dick and took little effort to shoot their wad, while black guys had
rather large cocks that required a lot of effort.  Little by little, Elka and
Alice promoted in Pet's brain that to have a white guy as a mate would be
unsatisfying and could never quench her lusts.  Elka had long ago used big
strap-on dildos on Pet and now her cunt and ass were used to big dicks.  Elka
used this fact to reinforce Pet's black cock addiction.  She started using a
small white dildo during their lovemaking.  Pet found that she had a hard time
coming and began to beg for a bigger black model.  Elka would love to tease Pet
during these sessions.

"What's the matter Pet, doesn't the idea of a nice dick fucking you by a good
white boy make you hot?  This is what it would be like if you were one of those
normal girls, playing the boyfriend game.  You've sucked almost all the white
dicks in school.  I'm sure you could find one to please you."

Pet would be on her knees, hands secure behind her back, bucking back at Elka's
thrusts and soon she would realize she was not getting anywhere, "Mistress,
please put on a bigger dick.  I need it.  Please, I want the black one.  I know
it's the only one that can satisfy me.  I know I could never be satisfied by
this small white dick." 

After enough groveling, Elka would attach a big black monster and really pump
Pet to a mind-numbing orgasm.  Of course, once she had the black dick attached,
she would also start pulling on Pet's tits, rubbing her pendulous breast over
Pet's back and reach down and push Pet's prominent clit down on the trusting
dick.

Alice also was well aware of her role.  She continued to push into Pet's mind
the superiority of black sexuality to anything she could get from a white
partner.  She even went so far when she was away from Elka and her cameras to
push her superiority to Elka in giving Pet the loving she craved.  She also
planned to move Pet up to really letting some of the big black cocks fuck her
new toy.  She had to figure out a way to let this happen and the opportunity
came a month latter, when Elka had to travel to a nearby city for a weekend to
work some internet deal for her prosperous Pet Website.  Elka could not take
Pet, so she gave her to Alice for the weekend as her toy.  Alice planned to take
Pet to her house for the weekend and see how far she could take the sexual
education of Pet with her three brothers as the instruments of training.  Her
brother had met and heard about Pet and her blowjob talents, and when they heard
Pet would be their houseguest for the weekend, they cancelled any plans they had
for the weekend.  Alice had told the boys that Pet would be their toy if they
could get her to ask them to sex her.  Alice wanted Pet to admit that she craved
to be a black whore. 

Her brothers were all good looking and sported large cocks.  She figured if she
could get the boys to display their assets, and get Pet all worked up, it
wouldn't take much to get Pet to ask for their dicks.

When the weekend arrived, Pet got permission from her parents to stay over at
Alice's house, packed some cloths she knew Alice would enjoy seeing her in and
drove over to Alice's.  Alice had taken to getting Pet to dress in very
suggestive cloths that could be easily pulled down or up to allow access to tits
and pussy.  Alice greeted her toy at the door with a warm hug.  "Pet, you look
hot in that.  I know you will cause my brothers to want to ravish you.  Let's go
meet them.  They are in the family room.  My parents are out till late at a
funeral, so we have the house to ourselves."

Alice led her Pet into a nice room with couches and a big TV.  The three
handsome black brothers were lounging around watching a movie.  They quickly
perked up when Alice and Barb walked into the room.

Alice began the introductions.  "Pet, You remember my brothers.  This is Jerome,
the youngest.  He is 14."  Jerome was a nicely developed youth with a slime
build that had yet to bulk up into manhood.  Alice pointed to the next brother.
"This is my middle brother Sham.  He is 16 and is the worst pain in the ass
here.  He is always trying to see me in the nude, so watch out"  Sham was a
good-looking teen that had all the potential of being a linebacker in the
future.  "Finally, this is Terrel, the oldest.  He is 19.  Isn't he just the
best looking stud?"  Terrel stood and approached Pet.  He stood over 6 feet tall
and looked to weigh 200 pounds, all muscle.  He reached out and took Barb's hand
and held it.  "This is that skinny friend you used to bring around.  She has
really turned out to be a great looking babe.  Why do you call here Pet, I
thought her name was Barb."

Alice had told here brothers that here friend was a slut and that they might get
lucky with here this weekend, but she had not gone into here dominant and
submissive relationship and especially she had not let on that she was
submissive to Elka.  But now that Terrel had asked she thought she had to let
on. 

"Barb is here given name, but here slut name is Pet.  It was given here by her
Mistress, that foreign exchange tall blond girl you may have seen around school. 
She and Pet have been into each other for months.  Pet is totally controlled by
Elka and now I am also allowed to make Pet do what I want."

Terrel just looked at Alice and then back to Pet.  His lust filled mine was
whirling at the possibilities.  "You mean to tell me that this pretty white
piece will do anything you tell her to?"  Alice put here arm around Pet and
proudly declared her power.  "That's right big brother and if you are really
nice I might just let you get a taste of her."  By now, all the other brothers
had forgotten the movie and were looking lustily at both girls. 

Terrel wanted more information so he started to quiz both girls.

"Barb, or is it Pet, what should I call you?"  Barb looked at Alice and then
replied,  "You must call me Pet."

Terrel nodded, "Alright, Pet, what do you and my little sister do together?" 
Alice was not sure she liked where this was going so she tried to turn the
subject.  "Terrel, you don't need to know what we do.  That's private." 

Terrel would have none of Alice's interference.  He turned and towered over his
sister  "Alice, you're my sister. I need to make sure you are not going into
some direction I don't want.  You're a hot bitch, and you're my sister, but
don't think you can get away with things I don't like.  Now go sit over there
and don't say a word."

Alice had always obeyed here big brother.  Partly because he was here idol and
also because he was such a powerful presence.  All the siblings did what Terrel
said, so now Alice reluctantly went and sat down.   Terrel positioned Pet in a
chair where she could not see Alice and continued his questioning.  Barb was
very intimidated by Terrel.  Her recent conditioning to black dominance and now
being confronted by this strong handsome guy soon had here spilling all the
secrets of her new found lesbian bitch life.  She also let out how Alice had
also become Elka's bitch and that she had her cherry popped by Elka."

Terrel was very interested in the possibilities of this white bitch, but when
she heard how here own sister had turned into a lesbian slut to another white
girl he almost lost his cool.  While it might be hot to watch Alice in control
of lesbian action with Pet, he was not going to let his own sister be cowed by
any white bitch.

He vowed to remedy that in the future, but for now he was going to see how far
this bitch would really go.  He turned to Alice and commanded. "Get over here. 
I find what this girl is saying totally impossible.  Prove it to your brothers
and me.  If you really control her, make here strip for us."  

Alice had been listening to Pet telling all and was not happy with here brothers
now knowing all about here lesbian action.  But now was the time to see if Pet
would go the next step and become a begging white slut to black cock.  "Terrel,
I will make here get naked but you have to give her some motivation.  Show her
what you have to offer her in return."

Terrel, and her brothers were always lounging around with little cloths on, so
given the chance to shed their cloths in front of this white chick was no
problem.  "OK sis, I know you have wanted to see our cocks for years, so now's
the moment of truth.  Jer, you go first. Drop those shorts in front of this
whore and let her see what we have to offer."

Jerome stood slowly and walked over to Pet.  He stood with his hands on his hips
right in front of the sitting bitch. "Pet, help me with my pants.  Pull them
down and take a long look at my cock."  Jerome pulled his own t-shirt off and
waited for Pet to reach up and pull down his shorts.  He was going commando, so
when his shorts reached his knees, a very respectable 7inch dick popped up into
Pets face.

Almost by instinct, Pet reached up and began to touch the proud teens manhood
and his swinging balls.  Pet looked over at Alice for permission, but Alice just
starred back waiting and hoping that Pet would show her desire to suck the hard
cock.  Jerome, totally overcome by the prospects presented by this obviously
horny white slut pushed his cock against Pet's lips until she opened and began
to tongue and lick as she'd been trained.  Alice smiled at the willingness and
talent that Pet showed while service her brother's cock. 

Terrel was also surprised at the eagerness now being showed by Pet as she
attacked Jerome's cock.  Jerome being a typical 14 year old boy, didn't take
more then two minutes of Pet's deep sucking to blast a load down her throat. 
Once it was obvious Jerome had finished coming, Sham pulled him back and stepped
forward. 

Sham had taken his shirt off but again commanded Pet to pull his shorts down. 
Pet, who was a little surprised by the speed with which Jerome had come, now
looked up at Sham in awe as she pulled down his shorts and his larger and
thicker cock bounced against her chin.

Sham's cock was a good 9 inches and much thicker then Jerome's.  Pet reached up
and stroked the cock till it was hard as a rock.  She began to lick it, when
Alice whispered in Sham's ear, "Make her beg for it.  She's a slut and needs to
know her place."

Sham looked at his sister and a smile came over his face.  He began to pull back
as Pet tried to suck and play with his cock and balls.  He would hold her head
back and keep her from taking more then his cock head into her mouth.

"You like my big black cock, slut?  You want to be able to taste it all in your
cocksucking mouth?  Well, you have to really want it to be able to service this
black dick.  It needs to know that you need it, not that you are being forced. 
Do you need it?"  All during his taunting, Sham was playing with Pet's face,
stroking his hard cock over her lips and face.  He had reached down and cupped
and pulled her top down so her ringed nipples became his playthings.  Pet was at
a crossroads in her mind.  She had really come to enjoy sucking big black cocks
and now that step of asking for it did not seem to be too great a statement. 
"Please, let me taste it.  It's so big and I know that it will fill my throat so
full.  Let me have it.  I know I can make you happy.  Please?" 

Alice nodded to her brother and he took hold of Pet's hair, pulled her head back
to open her mouth wide and pushed his rod deep into her mouth.  Pet began to
suck and swallow in the hopes of pleasing this dominant black male.  Alice sat
down behind Pet and began to reach around and play with her Pet's tits and cunt. 
Being in a top without a bra and just a skirt without panties allowed Alice to
soon have her Pet's privates in full view of her brothers.  She used Pet's cunt
rings to pull her pussy wide open and show her brothers all Pet had to offer. 
Pet was soon panting as she took Sham's rod to the root and sucked him hard.

Sham had been sexually active for two years, but never had he had a white girl
this into pleasing his dick or willing to take it all down her throat.  He was
soon lost in the pleasure.  Being older he was able to hold his load by pulling
out and catching his breath.  Even then, in 15 minutes he could not wait any
longer and as Alice pinched Pet's clit and drove her to come, he sank his cock
deep in her throat and deposited a full load into her stomach.  Fully satisfied,
he pulled out, letting Pet lick him clean and then sank down on the couch.  Pet
continued to kneel submissively at the end of the couch with Alice still
fondling her privates. 

Alice now took this opportunity to have Pet show off her tight body.  "Pet,
stand up and show these studs all your assets.  Let them see your ringed slut
body."  Pet was by now deep into her submissive self and didn't hesitate to
stand and quickly strip off her top and skirt.  She stood with her hands at her
sides and her head down waiting to be taken and used as she had come to enjoy. 

Alice told her to turn and bend to give the boys a full show of all her
treasures.  The boys, being normally horny guys, were soon standing around her,
feeling her tits and ass, inspecting her rings and branding. 

Jerrel, after all the boys had felt the teen up, took charge.  "OK, Jer, Sham,
take a seat.  Its my turn."  Jerrel had so many ideas of what he wanted to do
that he just stood over the teen and smiled.  He was really taken by the
sluttyness Pet showed and her submissiveness.  He surprised himself when he got
turned on seeing his own kid sister feel up Pet and bring her to orgasm.  He
wanted to see how far he could take this scene.  He loved his kid sister, but
recently, she had blossomed into a hot babe.  Incestuous ideas were already
floating around in his horny brain as he looked at the two girls sitting before
him. 

"Alice, why does your Pet have all these rings on her slutty body?"  Alice,
looked up at her brother,  "Her mistress, Elka, wanted to make sure she knew
that she was our plaything and would always be a slut toy.  Having rings in her
sex and a bald pussy with a brand for all to see will make her understand her
place in life."

Terrel nodded his head and took Pet's chin in his hands and raised her head so
she was looking straight into his eyes.  "Are you a Pet plaything to a dyke
lesbo?"  Pet had never heard her being called that but reflecting on her new
life she could not disagree with the rude description.  She whispered, "Yes
sir."

"And my sister is also your lesbo mistress?"

"Yes Sir.  I obey her as my mistress directs."

Terrel was on a roll.  "What do your mistress' do that makes you come the best?"

Pet thought for a minute and said, "When my mistress fucks me with her strap-on
and plays with my body I have the most wonderful orgasms."

"So, you get off on being fucked more than being licked by your lesbo friends?"

"Yes Sir.  My mistress' do not spend much time licking my pussy.  Its not their
place."

"Sounds to me that your more a slut Pet to big dicks than to any Lesbo mistress. 
I think we will do a test to see who should keep you as their Pet and make you
the happiest, your lesbo mistress or a strong master with a dick that will make
you his come slut for life.  Now how should I run this little test?  I think we
will need to get you and one of your mistress' into some action and then compare
it to a good fucking by my cock."

Alice could see where this was going and did not want to perform any lesbian sex
with her Pet in front of her brothers, but with Sham and Jerome sitting on
either side of her she figured her chances of escape was zero.

Terrel was still holding Pet and gave her a command.  "I want you to show us
what you and your mistress' do.  I think my brothers and I need to know what
kind of pleasure you get from this kind of action.  I expect you to do to Alice
your best to get her to come and then we will get her to try and make you come
the way you like best, with a good strap-on.  OK?"

Pet just nodded her head and then turned to Alice and fell to her knees before
her.  She began to pull off Alice's cloths much to her embarrassment and the
brothers growing lusts.  When Alice struggled, Jerome and Sham held her until
she was as naked a Pet.  Pet then began to kiss and lick her mistress in all the
right places she had learned over the weeks she had become Alice's plaything. 
Alice was soon moaning as Pet licked her pussy and pulled on her cone-shaped
tits.  Her brothers were all sporting hard-ons and enjoying the show.  Sham and
Jerome soon did not need to restrain Alice and she fell into her own lusts and
pulled Pet's head hard into her hot pussy.  Just when it looked like Alice was
close to coming, Terrel pulled Pet away.  "Pet, go and get the strap-on and put
it on Alice.  I think its time she fucks you good."

Pet knew where the strap-on was as she had brought it in her overnight bag
hoping for some action.  She quickly ran and got the toy and pulled it up
Alice's legs and tightened it down.  She then turned around and knelt on all
fours waiting like a good pussy slave.

At a nod from Terrel, the boys pulled Alice behind the bending teen and guided
the dick up to Pet's waiting pussy.  The boys were enjoying seeing all the sexy
curves of their sister and her Pet and were soon caressing and stroking Alice
and Pet's bodies keeping them at the height of passion. 

Terrel stood in front of Pet and looked into Alice's eyes,  "I want you to fuck
your toy the best you can.  I want her to get a good idea of the difference
between boy and girl sex.  Now fuck her."  With that command he grabbed Alice's
armed and pulled her forward, burying the fake cock deep in Pet's wet hole.  Pet
let out a long moan and Alice soon was fucking her Pet with gusto, enjoying the
pleasure the strap-on gave her own pussy.  Having her brothers pull her own tits
and play with her ass and pussy added to the depravity of her lusts.  Terrel
once he saw Alice get into her sexing of her Pet, reached down and exposed his
own cock for the first time, right in front of the lust filled eyes of Pet.  She
could not believe the size of the cock that now stood dangling in front of her
face. 

Terrel was as long as the 12inch strap-on now fucking her snatch but it was
thicker by far.  It was as wide as her forearm and the head was huge.  Terrel
slapped her lips as she knelt getting fucked.  "Suck it while your getting
fucked.  I want to see you getting it from both end."

During the opening moments of this fuckfest, Jerome had taken the time to run
and get the family camcorder.  He had set about capturing this whole event for
his future enjoyment.  Who knew when he would get to see his sister and her
lesbo bitch get pounded again? 

The lesbo fuck of pet took a good twenty minutes until her third and final
orgasm took her consciousness.  During that time Terrel had fucked her throat as
much as his giant cock allowed.  He deposited a nice load into Pet's mouth,
which she swallowed like nectar.  Alice had gotten so into fucking Pet that
towards the end she was spanking Pet's ass and tits hard.  This action was not
lost on Jerrel who liked to add some pain into sex to keep it hot.  Alice came
twice by the time she tired and fell over Pet's back needing a rest. 

Terrel again showed he was in charge here. Bro's, pull Alice off this bitch and
take her to the couch and have fun with her.  I think she should become friendly
with you boys and begin to see the benefits of guy sex.  We don't want her to be
a Lesbo for life do we?  I will take this slut and give her a lesson in serving
a real man." 

Terrel picked up the spent teen and carried her into his parent master bedroom. 
He threw her on the bed and went to start the shower.  Pet had revived enough by
the time he came back to walk to the large shower and join Terrel under the warm
spray.

"I want you to wash yourself and me and get yourself clean for when I take you. 
From what you've said, you are still a virgin to a real cock.  I could tell you
enjoy Les fucking but I hope to make you see that having a real hard throbbing
dick in you is much better."  Pet and Terrel enjoyed their time under the
shower.  They washed each other clean and Terrel tasted Pet's warm lips in deep
soul kisses.  Pet was getting hot again by the time Terrel turned off the water
and ordered her to dry them both. 

Pet was soon following Terrel back to the bed.




Chap 14



During Pet's and Terrel's private shower, Alice and her brothers had crossed
into new levels of incest.  Sham and Jerome each grabbed an arm of Alice and
walked her to her room.  Sham began to tease his sister, "So our little sister
is a lesbo dyke.  I'm sure Mom and Dad would love to see pictures of your little
friend between your legs licking you to orgasm.  Jerome caught you performance
on tape.  Especially good was the scene with you fucking her with a strap-on. 
Dad will beat your ass if he ever sees that.  Looks like we need to get you back
into heterosexual lovin and Jerome and I will be more than happy to train you up
good.  Since you already lost your cherry to your dyke mistress we might as well
see how tight you really are."

Jerome had put the camcorder on a dresser aimed at the bed and joined his
brother as they teased and groped their sister.  Alice was still in a sexual
haze from her antics with Pet, and having two hard cocks to use kept her hot. 
She knew what her brothers said about her parents throwing a fit was true.  They
were deeply religious and would kill her if they found out about her depravity
with Pet and Elka.  Seeing no out, and having always loved her brother's bodies,
she did not put up any true struggle.

Sham took the lead.  "Get on your hands and knees and show us your pussy.  Beg
for our dicks and we may let you feel how good real sex is."

Alice got into position but could not bring herself to beg for their cocks. 
Sham was surprised when Jerome stepped forward and landed a hard spank onto
Alice's upturned ass.  He grabbed her around the waist so she could not avoid
his hand and began blistering her cheeks. 

Jerome, being the youngest took great joy in laying into his snobby sister who
he always thought was too stuck up.  Something snapped in him and all the
frustrations came out as he turned her ass a bright red.  He taunted her with
each slap, "So bitch, you like girls better then boys.  Well, that's going to
stop right now.  From now on, you're our whore.  Sham and I will fill you little
holes so often that you will walk bowlegged and feel empty when we are not
pumping you full of our sperm.  I wonder which one of us will pump a baby into
your slutty body?"

Alice could not believe the crudeness and vindictiveness of her brother's verbal
and physical beating.  Sham just stood back and stroked his meat as he watched
his little brother use his sister like a rag doll.  When Jerome had spent his
initial fury, he grabbed his sister's pussy and squeezed.  "OK bitch, let's try
this again, unless you want more beatings, you will get on this bed and beg to
be our slut.  You will make it convincing, pulling on your skinny tits and bald
pussy.  Are you going to be good?" 

Alice was whimpering and feeling her sore ass.  She could not take another
beating so she nodded her head and turned to the camera.  Before she began
Jerome looked her over and commanded, "Get your ugly face into the bathroom and
clean up.  Stop sniveling and fix your make-up and put on some slutty undies. 
We want this to look like you are hot for us.  Now get."  Jerome slapped her ass
to get her moving and Sham followed her into the bathroom to supervise her
preparation.  When she was all pretty and had on some sexy undies, Jerome used
the time to write out a script he wanted her to follow and started the camera.

Alice started by feeling her tits and pussy through the shear fabric while
looking at the camera,  "Oh baby, please come over here and let me show you what
a slut I am for my brother's.  I have wanted to feel your big cocks for so long.
Don't make me wait."

Alice, at a gesture from her brother, reached around and pulled her bra away
from her cone tits.  She played with her nipples while reaching into her panties
to finger her slit.

"Please let me be your slut.  I will do all kinds of nasty things to be your
slave.  Take me anytime you want.  Fuck me raw.  All I need is to please you. 
Pump me full of you sperm.  I want to have your babies."

At another command from Jerome, she pulled her panties down showing her slick
bald pussy.  "Do you like my bald pussy?  I will keep it smooth so you can feel
my loving lips on your huge cocks."  She continued to play with her puffy lips
and hard nipples.  As depraved as this performance was, she couldn't help
getting wet from the stimulation.  Sham now moved into the picture and the fun
began. 

Over the next hour, the boys put Alice through her paces.  Fucking her in the
pussy and mouth, separately and together, they managed to come twice each and
were pretty sure they gave Alice five really hard orgasms.  Giving her pleasure
was not the objective and Jerome was pretty harsh in his comments and slaps when
she came, calling her a slut and a come freak to get off being double fucked by
her own brothers. 

By the time they stopped to rest, Alice was coming to enjoy the attention and
definitely preferred real cocks to the strap-ons Elka used on her.  What scared
her the most was the chance to get pregnant.  She felt herself save today, as
her period was due any day and she was always pretty regular, but from what the
boys were describing as her new role in life, she knew she would have to figure
something out or she would get knocked up soon from all the sperm they were
shooting deep into her little pussy.  Sham's cock was long enough to push hard
on her cervix with each deep thrust.  She thought of what Jerrel's cock might do
to her and was both scared and hot. 

The three spent siblings were soon asleep on Alice's bed, arms and legs entwined
in the afterglow of hard fucking.

Meanwhile, Terrel was well on his way to making Pet addicted to his power and
exceptional cock.




Chapter 15



Terrel had been fucking since he was thirteen.  He had learned over the years
what got girls hot.  He had also taken to showing his power over the girls that
came into his clutches.  He knew that the dick between his legs was exceptional
and that once a girl had been fucked a few times by him, they came to understand
the inadequacies of smaller men.  Size does matter, especially if Terrel used a
pussy often enough that it stretched to accommodate him. 

Pet was filled with anticipation and fear as she was laid on the bed and Terrel
began to make love to her.  She could not believe the size of the cock that was
about to take her, but she had come to love sex so much that she was determined
to give it a try.  Terrel's soft lips were driving her crazy as he took his time
to inspect every inch of her body. 

Terrel had had girls with piercings before, but never one with so many and not
one with four in her pussy.  Terrel lay between Pet's legs and used his fingers,
tongue and his whole face to bring Pet to a gushing climax.  He pulled on her
rings, stretching them so as to look deep into the pit of Pet's sex and came to
enjoy the power he had over this slut.  He knew his pulling had to hurt, but Pet
just bit her lip and endured the pain to please her new master. 

Finally ready to take his new toy, he commanded, "Pet, get down her and make my
cock rock hard and then beg me to make you my whore.  I know you like girls, but
its time you came to realize that a master is what you need."

Terrel laid back and Pet began to lick and suck on his cock.  She attacked his
balls, sucking them into her mouth and popping them out.  She dived between his
legs and licked that ultra sensitive area of skin between his balls and asshole. 
Moving back up to the bulbous head of his magnificent cock she did her best to
deep throat as much as she could. 

Terrel just watched his new slut service him and knew that this was a talent he
was going to make his own.  He had visions of Pet, and his sister both in bed
with him begging to be fucked.  He also knew he had to think of a plan to get
that dyke Elka under his control.  From the sounds of the stories Pet told of
Elka's Web business, Terrel was wonder how he could make them all his.

His musings had to wait as Pet was bringing him close to coming.  He decided to
let her swallow this load and then fuck her.  That would make him last extra
long when he took her the first time.  Grabbing her head and holding it hard
onto his cock he let his second load of the day spew down Pet's throat.  He let
go after three spurts and let the rest pump into her mouth. 

Pet tilted her head back and opened her mouth showing Terrel all the hot spunk
filling her mouth.  Then she closed and swallowed it all down.  She just loved
this big black cock and continued to suck it, keeping it hard.

Terrel couldn't wait any longer.  "Are you ready to be my bitch?  Do you want
this cock to be the first real on to ever make you come?"  He taunted her and
played with her nipples as he pulled her up and had her straddle his dick.

He sawed his dick back and forth over her ringed pussy lips filling them full. 
He saw her begin to reach down to help guide his dick into her pussy, but
slapped her hands away.

"Not yet bitch.  You haven't asked for this dick yet.  I want to hear you ask to
be fucked.  I don't rape girls, they always ask for the privilege of being my
sluts.  Let's hear you ask good and nice and I will make you a real women
today."

Pet was so far gone; she would have sold her soul for this dick.  Little did she
know she was making a contract that would follow her the rest of her life.

"Oh master, Please let me be your slut.  Put this big black dick into my small
white pussy and make me yours.  I have to feel it in me.  It's so hot and big. 
Fill me to the max.  I need to fill you coming deep into my pussy.  I have never
felt a real cock coming in me and now's the time.  Please."

Terrel sealed the deal.  "Pet, if I make you come the best ever today, will you
promise to be my Pet from now on?  That you will help me bring Elka and Alice
under my control, as you will be?  You must promise before you get to be my
slave."

Pet promised without giving it much thought.  She would understand latter what
would be required of her, but for now she had to have this cock.

"Yes, anything, just fuck me."

Terrel was satisfied with Pet's submission and let go of her hands.  Pet quickly
reached down and began to push the head of his cock into the opening of her
pussy.  Terrel helped by grabbing the rings in her pussy lips and spreading them
wide.  Pet's head lolled to the side as she pushed the first three inches of
Terrel's massive cock into her snatch. 

Once the head was in, Terrel let go of the pussy rings and went to work pulling
and sucking on Pet's nipples, neck and face.  He loved kissing and leaving love
marks on this white teen as she continued to try and fill her pussy with his
cock. 

Once Pet had gotten two-thirds of his cock into her pussy, it was bottoming out
against her cervix.  She started a steady rhythm of pulling up till just the
head was in her pussy and them slamming down.  A fine shine of sweat was coving
her body by the time Terrel decided to take charge.

He literally picked her up, still full of his dick and flipped her onto her
back.  Taking her legs, he pulled them back to her breast and held them giving
him the ability to look down at the spread wet pussy full of his cock.  From
this angle, he began to drive his cock home, slowly battering the poor mouth of
her cervix until his mighty cock head burst through.  Pet had already come once
while fucking herself, but now she reaches a new level of sensations.  She could
not understand the mix of lust, pain and delirium that happened when Terrel's
cock enter her uterus.  All she knew is that she screamed out and came like she
had never before. 

Terrel held himself deep into her young body.  Enjoying the way Pet's cervix
held his cock like a little mouth.  Soon, he had to begin moving back and forth
feeling this pleasurable orifice move over his cock head. 

Looking down into Pet's lust filled face he had to ask, "Are you mine.  Do you
surrender yourself to me?  Is this the feeling you will do anything to enjoy
again and again?  Tell me?"

Pet was lost.  This was heaven.  Nodding her head she babbled, "Yes, Yes.  I'm
yours.  Just keep fucking me.  Fuck me hard!"

With this, Terrel showed his athletic power and worked Pet's pussy for the next
10 minutes like a pile driver.  Pet was driven to two more mind-wrenching
orgasms that had her flopping around under Terrel like a limp doll.  She lost
herself in the fullness and when Terrel finally reared back and bellowed, "I'm
coming."  Pet had only enough energy to wrap her legs tight around her master
and pull him deep into her.  She had her final orgasm when she felt the hot
sperm splash against her uterus walls, filling her up to the point that it
squeezed past the tightly stretched lips of her pussy and leaked down into her
twitching asshole.

Terrel collapsed onto his toy, rolling just enough to keep from burying her
under his body and lay still.  His massive dick shrinking out of her uterus, but
still filling her pussy.  As Terrel held his new pet, her mind was racing.  She
had to admit to herself that that was the best sex she had ever had.  The
fullness, heat, and passion of Terrel's loving was so much better then the
strap-on fucks she got from her mistress.  She knew that whatever happened, she
would do what Terrel asked in order keep getting fucked by him.  His massive
black body and its impressive dick was something she had to have and would come
to crave.  She was hooked.

The two lay thinking, one of how she needed this man.  The other thinking how
much he enjoyed his new toy and how to add to his flock of devoted women.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Topcat


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





