BDSM Library - Oh Son What Have You Done




Oh Son What Have You Done
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Donï¿½t let the school gang find out your little secrets, it can be painful for all concerned.
  Another story by Pagan.

                  Oh son what have you done?

How dare he, what gives him the right to touch some-thing that's not his, what
type of girl does he think I am, the bastard pervert actually put his hand on my
bottom and was trying to push his finger in to my ass-hole, Lara Hill was
furious, God how I hate men. Ever since she got this teaching job she'd been
pawed and groped by the male staff, forced to wear an above the knee skirt by
the head, she had to keep her legs closed all the time as men were always trying
to look up it to get a look at her pants and she was fed up with being ogled at
by the boy pupils, she'd had enough.

Lara Hill was a very pretty 23yr old, if she hadn't got to wear very strong
glass's she would have been an absolute stunner, in fact all her family thought
with an hour glass body like hers she would go in to modelling but her heart had
always been set on teaching young children, but unfortunately for Lara that had
not all come true.

Due to her spending a lot of time nursing her family through illness she had
missed a lot of studying and had only just passed the exams. Many other teachers
with higher qualifications got the prim placements with the country schools,
which meant Lara moving in to the inner city zones.

Lara had been lucky; she got digs with a lovely woman whose husband worked away
a lot. Judy Allen was a fine looking woman in her mid thirties, she'd had a
couple of kids but she still had a great firm and well endured body. She had
meet Lara in the local store they had got talking, when she found out she was
looking for digs she eagerly offered her spare room, she could have it a very
cheap rent until she got on her feet and found a job.

It took three months for the job to finally break, not the best of schools but
it was a start up the ladder. In that three months, Judy, being lonely with a
very high sex drive and also her husband going away so often and knowing Lara
was away from home for the first time, they had become lovers, the lovely naive
Lara was easily seduced by the sexy older woman. Judy decided, once Lara got the
job it would be best for Lara to get a place of her own, so Lara took a large
loan, that was to cover furniture, pay off out-standing debts she owed her
parents and to pay the rent in advance. Judy kept it a secret from her husband
then stood as guarantor to help, also it meant Judy would have some-where to
have hot lesbian sex with her Lara if Anthony was home, so the innocent Lara
took on the massive debt and moved in.

The bell for the next lesson brought her back to how much she had hated this
school, she rubbed her eye's and looked at the world through the blur of her
very poor eye-sight then put her glass's back on this time looking around her to
see the gauntlet she had to run to get to her next class. She could see Higgins
by the door, she knew he would press himself as hard as he could against her and
try and get a feel up her skirt, but that seemed to be all, up she got and went
for it. A small grope from Higgins and she was out the door, heading for class
room twenty and 4 Alpha, 2/3 of them in silly red gang jackets, they were the
biggest bunch of perverted shits in the building, she entered the door to
whistles and cat-calls of, Get em off and get your laughing tackle round this.

 "Please sit down, this is a class room, please you are here to learn", still
the noise continued, Lara could hear all the filthy remarks made, "You sit down
and spread them legs, give us a look at the crack between your legs, we only
want to learn what turns you in to a fuck baby", "Ya we want you to sit on our
face's for us to tongue your bevear, come over here and show us your cunt".

Ross and J D sat at the back of the class in their distinctive red jackets
looking at the pathetic attempts Lara was making to get some order, "She does
look like that model, what's the bitch's fucking name", J D lay back in the
chair, "You mean Caprice, blond leggy and fucking gorges and god I could fuck me
some of that", Ross slowly nodded, "Ya we got to get her alone and all to
our-selves and have us a piece of what's between them legs".

Ross stood up, "Shut the fuck up, the lady wants to speak", there was a deathly
hush across the room as he sat down, nervously she continued with the lesson,
that nobody took the slightest notice of, it was in the yard that talk was of
the important things of life.

"So how are we going to get in her pants, I just got to have me some of her
cunt".

Ross looked at the young boy, "So you think your man enough to fuck that good
looking cunt do you". Ziggy looked at Ross, "Ya why not? I been thinking, if I
got kept in on one of dozy Duggy the caretakers early night's off, then she
would have to lock up, her and me alone in the building, get her clothes off,
it's got to be fucking time".

Ross stroked his jaw, "That ain't a bad idea", suddenly there was a noise behind
the small wall, they looked, it was a little fat kid, Ziggy grabbed him and
hauled him in front of Ross, "Oh for fuck sake, not you again, you little fat
fagot, why are you always hanging round us, you keep listening to our plans, you
gona tell on us, I think it's time you were taught a fucking big lesson".

" Right you little ass-hole what's your name", the kid looked scared shitless,
"I said what's your fucking name".

 " It, It's, Oliver Allen, why?" Ross pulled a long knife from his belt, " I'm
going to carve it on your butt, get his trousers down". Ziggy and Turk grabbed
him as J D undid the belt and pulled the zip down then the trousers. His pants
came down with them, everything stopped when Turk roared with laughter and
pointed at the tiny pathetic prick hanging below his little fat belly, "I got a
better idea, let's strip fat boy, carve him and put him in the middle of the
girls yard, that should get some laughs", Ziggy grabbed him by the hair, "Can I
give my dick a birthday and fuck his fat ass first", Turk laughed again, "As
long as he sucks my dick empty while your doing him".

Oliver burst in to tears as his shirt was pulled up and off and his arms were
being tied behind him with his own belt. As he was bent over the wall and
fingers were pulling his ass cheeks apart he suddenly blurted out, "Please no
stop you can't, oh god no, don't hurt my ass, no please don't fuck me, stop, oh
shit don't tell my mum it was me but, listen, that teacher you really want to
fuck, I've got pictures of her and she's naked", there was a silence and
every-thing did stop, Ross bent down beside him, "What was that", Oliver still
didn't look at him, "I, I got pictures of her", he was hauled back up.

"You better not be making this up, now you little shitter tell me everything".

Oliver took a deep breath, "She used to live at our house, her and my mum were, 
eerrr", Ross looked hard at him and toyed with the knife, "They were, oh shit,
please promise you won't tell my mum it was me that told you but they were
lovers and they took photos of each other and I know were they are". Ross put
the point of the knife under Oliver's balls, "Any-thing else we should know
about these cunt lapping lesbians", trembling with fear Oliver continued,
"There's letters, eerrrr, love letters err yes lots and their real sexy".

Ross stabbed at the fleshy bag, "If I haven't got lot's of photo's and letter's
in my hand, right here, by this time tomorrow, you'll be eating what my knife
could take off right now, you understand", Oliver nodded, Ross stood up and
walked away followed by three members of his sixteen strong Alpha gang.

Tiny, who was the biggest boy in the school and Cal, a real nasty piece of work
were with the other four as they stood around waiting for Oliver to deliver the
goodies, "He ain't gona turn up, it were all bull-shit, I will cut his fucking
balls off my-self", Ross paced up and down, "You will have to join the queue,
I'll fucking slice him so he-----", he was cut off as Oliver turned the corner,
with trembling hand he gave the flat package to Ross, "A, shit head, don't you
fucking move", Ross eyed the contains, "Fucking hell, he's la-jit it's jackpot
time, she a cunt-lapper, go on piss off kid and don't come back, ever".

The rest of the break time was spent reading letters or imagining what they
could do to what they were looking at, Ross forbid any kind of talk about what
they had or giving any clues to Lara Hill as to what they were planning to do to
her.

It was a week the following Friday that the plan could be put in to operation.

4 Alpha had the last lesson with Lara and the caretaker had to go across town on
the usual monthly school business so he had to be away ten minutes after bell
time.

They were at their worst, cat-calls, dirty talk, Ross could see she was losing
it. Then the magic words he wanted to hear, "Right, it is obvious that most of
you will be staying until this assignment is finished".

The non gang members finished on time for the bell the other 18 just messed
around, Lara banged the desk, "I mean it you will stay here until you learn
discipline, god why did they do away with the cane, you should be thrashed until
you learn respect, you should be bound over until you can keep the piece, there
are pupils in this school that are leading lights, you lot are to dim to
understand were your, your ass's are, you should not-----".

"Here's the keys, lock up on your way out, it's only the main door everything
else is dead bolted, goodnight miss". Lara looked in amazement as the keys hit
the desk, "But I don't understand you can't mean I------".

"Oh yes, job to do other side of town, must dash, goodnight", and Duggy was out
the door and whistling down the hall. Lara looked nervously at the 16 boys and 2
girls before her, she got up and went to the filing cabinet, she thought if she
looked for something and then made an excuse that it wasn't there she could
dismiss them and get out. "Oh dear I seemed not to have the correct marking
papers you will have to go now eerrr yes anyway I'll sort it all out tomorrow,
class dismissed". They all got up and started running round the room whistling
and cheering, in the deliberate confusion Lara didn't notice Turk disappear out
of the door.

"Come on all of you out, get out and learn some manners for tomorrow", she went
to pick up the keys but they weren't there.

"Has any-one seen the keys", suddenly Ross started to chant, "Has any-one seen
the keys, Has any-one seen the keys", they all joined in, " Has any-one seen the
keys", they surrounded her, chanting until Turks voice could be heard, "I have
and Duggy's right, they lock the main door". Lara pushed past them and made a
dash for Turk but he was out and away, she looked back at them, the first she
saw was Cal leering at her, she turned and ran, Ross counted to ten and shouted
after her, "Ready or not here we come".

The tight short skirt made running difficult, she stopped and pulled off her
high heels, then continued to run, fear swept through her as she tried to find a
place to hide. The tight red top was hot as she tried to control her breathing,
there was no point going up, the only places big enough and open on the ground
floor would be the assemble hall or gym, the sound of running feet behind her
made her mind up for her as she darted in to the assemble hall.

The hall was big and strune with chairs, tables, platforms, ducking down between
a platform and a chair covered in curtains, Lara took several deep breaths, her
large firm breasts clung to the hot sweater, god she was hot from running. Bang
the doors flew open, she heard whispers, she fought to hold her breath,
footsteps every where, she bit her lip to stay silent as loud clicking noises
filled the room.

Her eyes caught the flash of a spotlight as it criss-crossed the room then
another, they were up on the lighting gantry. Could she make a run or wait, then
she heard Ross shout, "My leading light has found a nice round ass", she looked
quickly behind her only to see one of the spot light beams being played on her
bottom, before she could move Turk stood in her path.

"Hello Mufti" Lara swallowed her mind raced, that was the pet name Judy had for
her when they made love, how did they know but there was no time to think she
was going to have to act, she bolted straight at Turk and pushed with all her
might. Turk just moved, she missed him and ended up in the powerful grip of
Tiny, "Mufti want to play", he grinned in to her pathetic face, she looked at
him. "Let me go or-----" before she could finish Turk pulled her glass's off as
Jacko pulled her wrist's together and with Tiny's grip on her it wasn't long
before the ropes were biting in to her flesh.

Kids gathered round her, with out her glass's she could make out six or seven
hazy shapes until a spot light beam played on her face but she knew the
distinctive voice of the Alpha gang leader, Ross Giffin, "Well Mufti, what were
you saying before we were rudely interrupted, something about being taught
discipline".

Lara fought for answers as she heard more footsteps, through the glare, the hazy
shapes became more, the rest of the gang were arriving. "It's errrr just th,
that discipline is a fine errrr quality  in a person and I feel that, errr", she
was silenced by a slap.

"You've eerrrd enough today and we have had to listen to it, some-one shut her
up". A large hand covered her mouth and she heard a ripping noise, it was
curtaining being torn in to strips, a length was wound round her head, four
times the thick material pulled her lips back and silenced her, the worst of it
was the way she was being held she could feel an enormous bulge in the trousers
of who-ever was behind her.

She felt Ross come close to her, "A little question and answer time, get her up
on the stage, and Jo-Jo, go get the persuader, can't have any wrong answer from
teach".

She was pulled and dragged up on the stage, the spot light never left her until
she stood stage centre and her ankles were bound, she couldn't see anything but
she could here the whispering.

Ross's voice boomed out in the near empty room, "So now your bound over do you
still believe the cane should be brought back", she blinked into the light, "One
grunt for yes and two grunts for no, it's simple". She was visible shaking, "You
will stay behind until you answer", she moaned in to the gag, "Was that a yes or
no, perhaps you need to remember what a cane feels like, Jo-Jo".

She heard footsteps beside her, then silence, then a whoosh just before a
stinging blow hit her ass, being tied she couldn't move, the second one hurt
more. "You still want the cane back", she was sobbing and trying to breath,
"Still no answer, how about trying it on your bare ass", there was a lot of
cheering and shouts of, "Get them off", "get them off" Lara felt the button on
the back of her skirt undone and the skirt pulled slowly down until it slide
down and around the bottom of her long legs.

 " A Jo-Jo I said bare ass", Lara made muffled cries as she felt fingers go in
to the back of her pants, Ross's voice boomed again, "You shouldn't be crying
Mufti, you like to be naked, you ready Ziggy", a voice came from the gantry,
"Loaded and ready to fire", Ross was in total command, " Ready to rock and roll
gang, give the lady her glass's". Lara's glass's were put on her nose as the big
screen flashed to life with a picture of her naked on a bed, her legs open and
her waving at the camera.

The whole room erupted with voice's shouting back at the screen, "Hello Mufti",
as her glass's were removed she was left with the image of them all waving at
the picture.

"Lady that looks a nice beaver, Jo-Jo lets have a look at the real thing", her
pants joined her skirt around her ankles. Ross spoke again, "Now my children you
have seen the movie and there's more to come and cum is the word, now let's read
the book, as I read the lesson to the lady on the stage. Jo-Jo could you pull
the sweater up a little, show me some more ass, oh yes much nicer, as I was
saying the lady on the stage will answer some questions, if I don't like the
answer a sound thrashing will be the punishment, are we ready", Lara heard
people talking and chairs moving.

Lara stood there in the glare of the spot light naked from the waist down, bound
and helpless on view to these sick perverts, it was the voice of Cal that broke
the silence. "Days with you are my reason for living but our Fridays when my
flicking petal can tempt your honey to drizzle on my pink suckers are the best".

There were roars of laughter and cat-calls until Ross demanded quite, "Jo-Jo
show her what she will get if she speaks out of turn then take off the gag", the
words hadn't left Ross's mouth when a stinging blow fired her ass cheeks, she
could have been sick in the gag and was still choking as it was unwound, she
finally sobbed.

"Right teach, what's a flicking petal", Lara took a deep breath, "It's a errrrr
it's my err friends er", there was the click of a finger and the whip of the
cane stung again, this time she could scream and to her disgust found herself
pleading to the scum, "No more, It's my friends tongue, please no more".

"And honey to drizzle" she sobbed loudly and took to long as the fingers clicked
again, the next strike caught her just under the cheeks the scream was not so
loud as it straggled in her throat, quickly she blurted, "My pussy juice",
another click another strike as Ross said, "Don't like the word pussy".

"AAAhhhhhh my cunt my cunt juice, oh god", Ross's voice never changed, "He ain't
gona help you, now what's your friends name and as it's Friday were will she
be", all the fight gone she sobbed, "Judy Allan and at my apartment".

A slight hit of triumph, "And the address of your apartment", she tried to see
him but all she heard was that awful click and the cane burnt in to her ass
again, " Apartment 3, 14 Bloombell Gardens, don't hit me again please".

She could hear the grin in Ross's voice, "Cal, just wait before you read another
letter, so teach you don't what Jo-Jo to whip your ass again", Lara shook her
head, " So be it, Ziggy take his place and lets get that sweater up and see some
melons". As the two youths changed places loud sobs could be heard and a small
"Noooooo" as her red sweater was pushed up and over her bra, then her bra pulled
outwards letting her firm milky white tit's fall in to view.

Cal started again, "Lifting my present to you, pouring my favourite flavour and
licking my way to heaven will only be the start of my love this Friday". Ross
was about to speak when Lara shouted out, " Lifting a black chiffon nighty,
pouring chocolate and banana milkshake over my body and licking it off my
breasts all the way down to my cunt".

There was a click and the cane hit home, " I don't like breasts", Lara screamed
at him, "Tit's, tit's fucking tit's", Ross smiled and clicked his fingers again,
it was a pitiful cry, "What about nipples", she sobbed as she said, "She chewed
my nipples as well", Ross said in a matter of fact voice, "That's more like it".

Lara stood and trembled at the thought of what these perverted half wit's could
do to her, she soon found out as Ross shouted, "So teach you like to suck a nice
cunt", there was silence, " Well do you or would you like a reminder from
Ziggy", Lara couldn't think off arguing with him and nodded. Ross smiled,
"There's two young ladies here, how about you give us all a little exception of
your subject, girls get up on the stage and take your pants off as your going to
be in the spot-light, teach wants to lick you in to shape".

The two girls approached the stage as Ross shouted, "Untie her ankles and get
the bitch on her knees and cut the rest of her clothes off, she won't be needing
them and maybe the girls want to suck teach before we rip her cunt to pieces".

Soon Lara was on her knees, Ross snapped his fingers and the sound of wood
hitting skin followed by a scream with the word "Why", mixed in it filled the
room. "When you're on your knees you keep those long legs open, I like your
sweet juicy cunt on view all the time and I mean all the time so spread them".

Lara shuffled her knees as wide as she could as two hazy shapes appeared before
her, she looked at both of them trying to get a clearer look through her tear
filled eyes when a hand gripped her jaw. A voice she tried to recognise said,
"Hy teach you gona suck my pink slit", then another voice said " And your gona
suck me off too, this will really turn the boys on, I can't wait to see all your
holes filled with hot male meat, after watching you suck cunt, they gona be real
hot for your nice bits and lady you better be up for it, they got some funning
planed for you".

Lara's brain tried to comprehend what was happening to her, but every time
should tried to clear it some other horrid thing happened to her. The blurred
outline in front of her suddenly moved closer, by the time her eyes focused she
was staring at a pink slit covered in a mass of black hair framed by a strong
pair of young black thighs. Before Lara could even get used to the smell of the
hot female sent the back of her head was pulled forward and her face buried it
self in to the gaping slit.

 Lara head held firmly in to the cunt of the young strong girl, she was fighting
for air when she heard Ross, "You O K in there teach, ain't nothing you ain't
used too, a nice wet juicy cunt in your mouth, you got ten minutes to suck and
lick them to young cunts so they cream in your mouth, every ten seconds after
that Ziggy makes with the stinging and believe me with what we are going to do
to your ass-hole later you don't want that, your time start's now".

Judy was always the one to lead and knew how to use her tongue, Lara was the
least experienced and having her hands tied made her realise her task was almost
impossible. She pushed her head in as far as she could forcing the girl to open
her legs more, her tongue flicked as fast as it knew up and down the pink slit
until she took the fleshy clit in to her mouth and tickled with her tongue.

She lost all track of time as her tongue drove furiously in to the moistening
slit, she hoped she was right but it felt like the lips on the cunt were
swollen, she drove her face harder making her nose push up and down the nub as
her tongue flicked at the wet hole relentlessly, she felt the girl shudder as
she plunged her tongue in. The shudder was becoming a shake, thank god she
thought as the girl put her hand on the back of her head and ground her hips in
to her. Lara lapped hungrily as she sensed the juice starting to flow, she
rocked her head, driving her head up between the open legs until the spurting of
juice and a cry of pleasure brought the young girl to a climax.

Lara swung her head left and attached herself to the other girl, god what was
the time she thought, her tongue muscle ached from being forced so far out but
lick she knew she had to give this filthy girl intense sexual pleasure or the
pervert behind her would have his fun with her bare exposed ass. The girl's cunt
was wet and Lara was making loud slurping noise, despite her humiliation she was
doing anything to get the bitch to cum in her mouth.

Lara closed her ears to the horrid comments coming from the crowd as she tickled
the now very wet hole, Lara could only think that watching her suck the other
one had turned this one on and she worked even harder remembering what had been
most successful to the last one. She had her head well in between the open legs
and was pushing her tongue at the cunt as if fucking it like a cock, she could
feel the girls juice and was sucking the nub to tickle more when her ass took
the full force of the cane.

 Lara open her mouth and screamed up the girls cunt, it must have done something
as the girls legs buckled and she dropped, almost sitting on Lara's head, she
knew she was about to come so again she drove her tongue upwards, she knew she
was going to get beat again but had to finish.

The second thrash came but she worked through it, the girl couldn't and came
flooding down in to Lara's mouth. The girl staggered backwards and Lara fell
forward her head on the floor, forgetting that it put her ass in the air. The
cane struck home and she screamed again, Ross shouted, "I didn't say you could
do that", Ziggy's answer was, "Sorry but it looked so nice I couldn't resist
it", Ross was not amused, "Well there's going to be a dozen cocks fucking what
looked so nice and yours ain't gona be one of them".

Lara groaned as Ross continued, "You have got to learn discipline and as a
punishment you don't get to fuck her ass, just her mouth and cunt", Lara groaned
again. A voice from some-where shouted, "She looks so lonely up there I bet she
wish's she had her mate to keep her company".

Ross jumped up, "Fucking ace, your right, the night is young why don't six of
you go to Bloombell Gardens and visit, maybe bring back something nice to eat
for our favourite teacher.

Lara was still on her knees as she saw shapes moving towards her, Ross's voice
was louder, " Cal pick some of the boy's, get the key out of little missies
handbag, you know where her car is, take some letters and pictures and do the
business, Tiny, J D bring some of those large chair cushions on to the stage,
it's time for little teach to give a lesson in all round dick relief.

The cushions thumped down on the stage all around Lara, she looked at the large
shape of Ross, "Well teach your pretty little mouth has spent an awful long
telling me what to do, now it's gona do some-thing for me, up you come", he
grabbed her hair and pulled her to a full kneeling position and unzipped his
pants.

He slapped the side of her face with his rigid hard cock, "Suppose you only used
to having a whole hole in your mouth, well this ain't no different, it's just
you got to get a big length of meat down to the back of your throat before you
got the whole of my hole in your mouth, open wide", the others were giggling as
she made a whimpering noise and shook her head, he slapped his cock hard on her
nose, "Open wide you still got Mr Whippy behind you and my fingers are
twitching", slowly her beautiful mouth opened and Ross speared her throat in
one.

She gagged and choked as his hands clamped her head and his hips thrust his
length as far as he could, she tried to close her mouth and swallow, any-thing
to breath, he felt he teeth and shook her head violently, "For every tooth mark
I will thrash you ten times, now suck". He looked round at the eager boy's,
"Tigs, her cunt ain't busy why don't you fuck her, even you have got to be
better than plastic".

She felt hands on her sore ass pulling her slightly up and a finger exploring
her cunt, then it started to shove in hard until there was room for another, a
voice whispered in her ear, "Just getting you opened up a bit teach, my your
cunt smells sweet". Lara couldn't see what he was doing as she was still being
pushed back and forth with Ross's cock now well down her throat, she knew she
was going to get fucked but concentrating on breathing through her nose was
keeping her alive.

A hard cock took the place of the fingers she knew it wasn't big but it was long
and soon it was fully up her touching places that hadn't been touched before.
Both the cock in her mouth and the one up her cunt drove fast and hard. Ross
changed from holding it in all the way and moving her head around to pulling out
all the way, almost out of her open mouth before driving hard all the way back
down forcing gurgling noises from her mouth much to the delight of the audience.

Ross was coming, he shoved really hard and really fast holding her in a vice
like grip until he spent his juice all the way down her gagging throat, Lara's
eyes bulged as she struggled to get it all down. She knelt there chocking, her
arms still tied behind her being fucked from behind.

 " Tig get on your back, we will lower her on you then me and Ziggy can have the
other two holes". The naked teacher was pulled up and turned, then forced down
on the long cock, she felt it slid right up her and she knew from the way they
were sitting she hadn't got it all in, suddenly she was pushed forward and a
finger was doing to her ass-hole what had been done to her cunt, she groaned at
the thought of what was going to happen to her virgin ass-hole when her hair was
pulled sharply up and another hard cock was forcing it's self in to her mouth.

As she tried hard to suck in the foul tasting meat spit was being shoved up her
ass, a wet finger was pushing, turning and screwing round her pretty pink ring,
as the one in her mouth started to fuck her face she felt the tip of the cock
that was going to take her ass push, she knew there was no way she could stop so
she tried hard to relax her ass muscle, the pain was terrible as it broke
through the tight entrance and rammed up in to her bowels, then they started at
her, she knelt there with fingers twisting and pinching her nipples trapped
between three pumping hard cocks that were ravishing her cunt, ass and mouth,
knowing there were at least six more waiting their turn to use her.

The little blue ford arrived in Bloombell gardens the six occupants struggled to
get out, quietly they made it past the other car and got to the small side door
that had Flat 3 on it and inserted the key, it opened. They climbed the five
stairs to a door that was slightly open, just being able to see in. There was a
woman about five, five and from the way the silk bath robe hung she was
defiantly well endowerd with firm large breasts and a nice round bottom, good
legs and a thick mane of black hair that made her look real good to the boy's,
good from head to toe. "Hello is that St Thomas hospital, you haven't had a Lara
Hill of Bloombell Gardens admitted to day have you", she was too engrossed in
her conversation to hear the boys slide in to the flat and lock the door.

"No, your sure, if you should hear anything I will be on 0786654992, no I will
be at this address until Sunday, well thank you anyway", she put the mobile back
in her robe and muttered aloud, "Were are you my darling", she jumped as a voice
said, "You lost your Mufti".

"Who the hell are you and how did you get in here", Cal ignored her as he
approached her holding one of the pictures, "She look something like this", she
snatched the picture from him, "Were did you get this, what have you done with
her, were is she," Cal took the picture back, "Questions, Questions, Questions
and our teach say's, a pictures worth a thousand words, so why don't we just
take you to her and save all the noise".

She grabbed at her mobile, "I'll call the police then we will see who's taking
who", Cal nodded to the others and there was a flurry of arms.

 Judy lay face down on the floor her hands tied tightly behind her, her ankles
and knees strapped together and a wedge of cloth taped firmly in her mouth.

"Right boys lets have a look around", they all knew how to search, each picking
different places to look and knowing all the hiding places, it didn't take long
before they were coming up with the goods.

There were more letters and pictures, this time of Judy, naked and with sexy
underwear and she was in many different pejorative positions with long plastic
cocks sticking out of her ass and cunt also they found many different sex toys,
long double-ended dildos, small clit stimulators and many vibrators, some of
which were in the photo's, the best thing they found was a strap on with a long
black vibrating cock. Cal looked down at the helpless captive, "Turn her over
boy's let's have a looky at what we got here".

"My, my what a nice looking woman you are, were you expecting some-one", Judy's
robe had come undone in the struggle, she lay there as Al pulled the two pieces
of material apart, she had on a fine mesh black bra with red edging, her large
red nipples showed dark against the black, a small pair of cut away panties in
the same material only with a red heart attached with velcro over the open
crutch piece, long black suspenders covered in red bows and dark short stocking
with lace tops, that left a lot of naked creamy white thigh, Cal stuck his
tongue out and wiggled it at the smiling boy's, "Time to get to the heart of
things".

Cal knelt by the struggling woman and ran his finger over the heart, "Don't you
worry, we will take you to see Mufti, she's having lot's of fun right now, in
fact I expect she's to busy to have anything to do with you and your little
petal tempting honey on to your suckers so we will keep you company here for a
while and you can tempt our honey right in to those lovely suckers of yours".

Cal grabbed a handful of hair and pulled her up, "Come boy's lets get her stood
up" hands pulled at her a soon she stood trying to keep her balance, the six
boy's slowly paced round her, a little touch on the breasts, a little touch
between her legs another on her ass, they found her nice firm mature ass a
delight. The touches became slaps, mostly on her ass but a few on her tit's and
cunt, grabbing at her mound and squeezing.

Cal held on to her cunt, "You bushy or shaven", helpless as she was she ranted
behind the gag, "Oh well, the quit type are we, have to find out for my self",
he pulled at the little heart and it tore off, a fine black bush was revealed.
He tickled his finger in to it, every body was watching his torment of the
attractive woman.

"Now we had to pursued Mufti that she wanted to try men, do we have to pursued
you or are you going to be good and get fucked and I mean by all of us, starting
with a nice blow-job, you know swallow all of us so we can get the best from
your other two holes".

She shook her head and stared in hate at this kid, Cal just smiled back, "I take
that as no, oh well,  have it your way, who's got the tape?" A roll of thick
sticky carpet tape was handed to him, he knelt in front of her, tore a length
off and stuck it on her black bush then with a quick yank of his arm he pulled
it off, the moan from Judy was pitiful as tears ran down her face.

He looked up at her as he tore another strip, this time he turned it so it ran
from the top of her slit up over her bush, another quick yank, the moan became a
muffled shrink, pulling another length Cal looked up, "You seem to be losing a
few hairs lucky for me you got such a nice big bush, I hope I have enough tape
to get your legs open and work on those one's up under, you know all around your
cunt lips were it's most tender", she looked down at him and shook her head.

"No, fair enough, has any-one seen some scissors", some-one handed him a pair he
got up and pulled the black material away from the dark nipples. " Lets let
these lovely pinkie's out", he cut two holes then stood back and looked at the
red nipples sticking out from the mesh, he'd torn two small strips of tape and
pushed them over her nipples then, still grinning, he pulled both of them off at
the same time, Toby had to grab the squealing woman to stop her falling.

His grin grew wider, "I ether rip your nipples until they bleed or pull the
hairs off your cunt or we can fuck it, your choice, give me a nod when you've
made your mind up", Judy shook as she watched another strip being torn.

He pushed his hand between the bound thighs then fed the tape in pressing it up
covering her slit and the gap between it and her ass-hole then up to the nub of
the clit, he stood up and grinned, his face almost touching hers, he nodded to
Toby who held her arms tight, the grin never moved as he whispered "This should
make your eye's water".

Still his eye's never left her face as he slowly started to pull forward, Judy,
sandwiched between the two of them couldn't move, the tiny hairs under her
started to pull the pain was excruciating, her cunt lips were being torn
forward, the sensitive flesh sent searing pain in to Judy's body until her head
nodded furiously.

Cal looked in triumph, " Want me to fuck your cunt", pitifully she nodded, he
looked at the others, "Get her in the bedroom, the nice lady wants to play fucky
time".

As the others dragged the bound woman in to the bedroom Cal picked up the
letters and pictures, he entered the bedroom laughing, "Hay boy's you thought
Mufti was bad how about, Pussiekins", Toby bent down and stuck his face in to
her bush and licked at the nub, "Hello Pussiekins", the helpless woman looked at
the six youths laughing at her unable to hide the tears running down her face.

Cal threw the knife over to Rod, "Cut her tit bag off and get rid of the pants,
I want to see some cunt and tit's, oh, but leave the suspenders, they look
fucking sexy, get her legs undone and we will show Pussiekins what her holes
were really meant for and any noise from you lady and what I have done will be a
picnic to what I can do".

Judy sat on the edge of the bed, "O K we are going to take the gag off, you have
a 10 to 1 chance of some-one hearing a scream and in this neighbour hood a 100
to 1 chance of some-one coming, by then you will be one bleeding mess and we
will be gone and as for Mufti, she knows we are here----opps, you catch my
drift", Judy nodded.

Judy licked her sore dry lips as the six youths took off their jeans, "O K
Pussiekins on your knees in the middle of the floor, get round her boys she
going to be a six piece band and do some blowing just for us".

 Judy knelt in the middle of the bedroom as they gathered round her, six rigid
cocks pointed at her, she took the first one in her mouth and started to suck,
she looked down at the filthy meat she was sucking in to her mouth, then up to
the evil leering face's of the youths and realised what Lara must be going
through.

They stood close to her jabbing their hard cocks in to her ears slapping her
face telling her to get a move on or they would cut another hole and use that,
fear drove Judy in to sucking as she had never done before, using her throat to
get this disgusting animal to cum in her mouth, knowing there were five more
waiting to take his place and use her mouth.

By the time she was sucking the third the other were getting impatient Cal who
had already blown down her throat decided it was time she was three-somed, Al
could have her cunt, Rod her ass and Toby would get her throat, Judy felt the
third one starting to cum and dreaded what was going to happen to her next.

As she spat the filth from the third one out she looked at Cal, "May I speak",
Cal bent down and played with her nipple, "As you ask so nicely Pussiekin why
not".

"Please don't fuck my ass, you can fuck my cunt I can use my muscles to give you
a good fuck, how about a good tit fuck and I'll suck real good but not my ass,
please, if you take me to see Lara I promise I won't say anything about what has
happened here, please".

Cal looked at the pleading woman, the juice they had pumped in to he dribbling
down both sides of her mouth, "Ain't you ever been fucked up the ass", she shook
her head, "Oh, that makes it different, a virgin ass, boy's that makes two in
one day, gag her". Her pants were stuffed in her mouth and the tape stuck over,
"O K turn her round and get her head on the bed, let them tit's swing, Rod you
get to pop her ass bud first".

Rod knelt behind her, Toby found some lotion on the dresser, they giggled as Rod
stuck the nozzle up her ass-hole and squirted. She tried to struggle as the
cream oozed back out but they held her firm, Rod pushed hard at the ring until
his cock burst through, Judy moaned in to the gag as the other's encouraged
their mate to rape her ass. Rods huge cock was relentless as he drove as hard
and as deep as he could, all the time whispering in her ear, "Come on bitch
wiggle your ass for me, you will get to love it, we are all going to have it so
you may as well enjoy".

His hips slapped painfully against her cheeks as he slammed in to her ass and
every stroke became agony, she felt as though she was being ripped in half, she
moaned pitifully as she felt Rod thrusting harder, "Get ready bitch for your
first", she squealed as the hot fluid filled her ass, as she sobbed in to the
bed clothes Toby grabbed her hair, "You just get ready for me, I'm having some
of you next".

The pain was terrible as she felt a bigger cock force her muscles to spread, the
pain echoed round her body, the cock felt as if it would burst right through
her. Judy took that ass fucking, then another from Al before the first three
where hard again so they took her again, all at the same time.

 Rico was the last to finish fucking her, as his cock pulled out of her sore
swollen well filled cunt, Cal came back in to the bedroom, he had been checking
they had missed nothing. "You all finished fucking her for a while", he went to
the bed and looked at the attractive women, as he pulled at her nipples he said,
" Don't worry Pussiekins, we are going to take you to see about a dozen of our
friends and they will want to use everything you have to offer, just as they
have with Mufti, so it's time you were reunited with the other shag toy and we
will take your assortment of toys with us, you may want to use them".

 Totally exhausted they had no trouble in gagging her, leaving her arms bound,
dropping her robe over her and taking her, just in stocking and suspenders, down
to her car, there, she was forced in to the back seat to be molested again, to
be the play thing of Rico and Toby as the two cars drove back to the school.

All the moaning and squealing Rico and Toby made her do while they fingered her
cunt and pinched or sucked on her nipple did nothing to prepare her for the
sight that met her as she was pushed in to the school hall.

On the stage was Lara her hands tied behind her and then fastened up to the
lower light gantry forcing her to bend over as she stood on her toes. Judy knew
it was her even though her face was obscured by a youth shoving his cock in and
out of her mouth, another filthy kid was fucking her ass as hard as he could.

Ross turned as he heard her scream in to her gag, "Oh welcome, you must be
Mufti's play mate", Cal pulled her robe apart, Ross smiled, "And such a nice
body, Ohhh a sexy piece with stocking and suspenders, do you want to be my
playmate or have my boys worn you out, you do look a little sticky".

He beckoned them over, "I want to take your gag off, and if my boys are as good
as I think they are you will know the rules", he nodded and Rico ripped the tape
off and pulled her pants out of her mouth, she looked at him and then at Lara,
Cal said, "This is Pussiekins, here's her pictures and some letters and some
very interesting paper work, Mufti owes big money and Pussiekinns knows a little
about it to", he laughed as he handed everything over to Ross.

Ross shouted, "Hurry up and finish fucking teach", he slowly looked through the
letters as Judy stood there being leered at by about eight youths. The two
youths finished fucking Lara and casually walked off the stage leaving her
hanging there with bubbles of juice dribbling from her mouth. Ross looked up at
her then to Judy, "You want to go say hello to your friend".

As Judy ran towards Lara Cal pulled her robe off leaving everybody to watch her
large tit's swing as she ran up on to the stage, her ass looked just as
desirable as she bent by her lovers face. Judy looked over the lovely Lara's
body she could see the red lines across her ass and her swollen red nipples but
her face, though splattered with cum was still beautiful, she kissed her, Ross's
voice shouted, "It ain't her face that needs kissing better try the other end".

Ziggy joined in, "Ya come on give her cunt a kiss, show us what you was gona do
tonight, we don't want to spoil your evening", Ross looked up from the letters,
"Tiny go get her to do some cunt licking, get the boys in the mood the shag the
shit out of both of them". Tiny went up on the stage and grabbed Judy by the
hair dragging her round behind Lara, "You lick and suck out that cunt or I'll
put some more lines on that pretty little ass of hers".

As poor Judy set to her task of licking at her lover's cunt for the perverts
enjoyment Ross found the letter Lara had written this week, "Listen to this Cal,

  My Pussiekins,

     Oh how I wish it was Friday, it can't come quick enough and I can't wait
for you to make me cum,

 Hay Pussiekins, get licking she wants to cum, now were was I.

      If anything makes life tolerable at that filthy school it's the thought of
use together", Ross sniggered, "( AAAAHH ), all I have to do is get through
Alpha 4 and the night is ours, thank god Anthony's going away, just ground the
kids and lets have Friday night and all day Saturday to our selves,

                                       Love you so much,

                                                  Mufti.

Ross smiled at them all, "Looks like Alpha 4 is getting through teach and we
have both of them to enjoy until Sunday morning", Al shouted from the side,
"Pity we ain't got the daughter too, pretty thing, just ripe for the picking".

Ross stood up, "You mean fat Oliver has a sister", Al came closer, "Ya her names
Heather, going to be a looker like her mother".

Ross rubbed his chin, "This gets better by the hour who's got mum's bag?" Toby
shouted, "It's in the car".

" Al get the bag, check the address, go pay a visit, let's see what Heather
thinks of mums fun, who knows she may want to join in", as Al grabbed a few of
the boy's Ross finished with, "As if she's going to have a choice".

Judy's head was being held hard in to Lara cunt as she tried to stop the gang
leaving but Ross was climbing back on to the stage followed by the rest of the
gang, Lara was biting her lip as her cunt was starting to enjoy her lovers
tongue, Ross slid his hand under and cupped her hanging breast, "Nice handful
teach but your girlfriends got more than a handful and they look good enough to
eat".

He nodded to Tiny who pulled her head out from between Lara's legs, she looked
at Ross, "Please no, have pity leave my babies alone", Ross bent and grabbed a
handful of large tit, squeezing hard he said, "Lady, I don't do pity, besides
you have enough problems to deal with, and that's without worrying what my boys
are going to do to your babies. Now open your mouth and start sucking cock
instead of cunt and for your sake you better suck good, Tiny will look after
your cunt, me and my boy's are in the mood for a fucking marathon and you two
will provide the fun", he looked around at the others, "Any-one want to be
teachers pet".

The car rounded the corner, 4 was the second house in, the four of them saw two
light's on as they clambered out of the blue hatch back. Al held the door key as
he slipped under the window and peered in. Oliver was alone in the sitting room
playing some video game, he must have messed up as he shouted, "Oh fuck the
fucking game" a girls voice called, "Oliver keep it down in there I must get
this project finished".

Sliding back along the wooden panels he looked in to the next window, laying on
a bed was Heather, a big sloppy sweatshirt covered her down and just over her
cute bottom, a nice pair of legs showed against the coloured bedspread finished
off with white ankle socks, Al thought she looked a cute piece, a piece to have
a lot of fun with.

He pointed at the front door and they all made their way towards it, the key
slipped in, a deft turn and they were in. They just walked straight in, before
Oliver could speak a single glance from Al kept him silent.

Troy went over and grabbed him by the arm, "Go to your room and stay there, this
ain't non of your business". He looked at them, then at his sister's bedroom
door, Troy looked at him, "That's right but still non of your business, unless
you want to make it". He turned away and walked out the door, he hadn't reached
his door before he heard a muffled squeal, he quickly went in to his room and
shut the door.

Heather struggled as something round was forced in to her mouth, someone was sat
on her legs and her arms were being pulled out ether side as tape was stuck over
her mouth stopping her from spitting out the ball.

She tried hard to move her mouth and scream but the tape held firm. Her arms
ached as they were pulled hard out and up, bowing her back, who ever was sat on
her legs slowly started to lift the bottom of the sweatshirt, she froze as a
hand rubbed over her cotton pants and then gently started to slap.

She tried to look left and right but the way they were holding her they were
just out of eye line, but she could still hear, "Cracking nice ass for thirteen,
if her tit's are as good, then there's only one of us that thirteen's going to
be unlucky for", the slapping started to get harder.

 Al slid his hand under her, "Bend her back a bit more, I want to see if this
pretty little thing has got something to play with and suck on". Heather was
pulled up, her arms were in agony as she felt a hand go under her sweatshirt and
crawl up her naked body, the slapping was getting harder and her ass was
starting to sting. She felt the fingers curl around her young, firm globes, "Oh
yes a nice handful, this one's gona party real well, but before we take her
back, why don't we enjoy some cherry pie, all to ourselves".

Heather squealed as she felt fingers go in to the waist band of her pants, I
voice chuckled behind her, "Lets warm the cherry pie with a little bare ass
spanking, woooeee will you look at this cute ass", she wriggled helplessly as a
finger slid up and down and in between her ass cheeks.

"Who's got rope, let's strip her off, crucify her and then show that nice round
ass some belt".

Heather put up a strong fight for a young girl but four determined youths were
never going to lose, soon she was naked her arms pulled out ether side and
fastened to the side of the bed. Her ankle's tight together and pulled hard down
fastened off at the bed-end, they had put two pillows under her forcing her ass
to sit up firm round and defenceless.

She moaned and grunted through the rubber ball as Al knelt on the bed beside
her, "Your going to lose your cherry tonight, I know you ain't done nothing so
your in for some fun, big time. We gona take all your holes then you gona visit
your mum, she's keeping a lot of our friends happy and your gona do the same.
First we gona whip your ass some, when we have had enough of that I gona ask you
if you want to do us good or you want to keep on with the beating, you just lay
there and think about the answer".

She made wild muffled cries and her head thrashed left and right as four belts
slid out of their loops. Her head abruptly stopped and shoot forward as the
first belt struck, then another, again and again the cracking sound of leather
against bare skin came in quick secession inter-mingled with muffled squeals as
the youths mercilessly beat the young ripe bottom, laughing and pointing at the
patterns they were making. The moans got quieter and Al stopped them, he knelt
by the sniffling girl, "Just imagine us turning you over and making those pretty
patterns all over those fine young tit's or just imagine you on your hands and
knees with my cock banging the back of your throat and a long hard dick trying
to touch it from the other end".

She groaned in to the bed, Al grabbed a handful of hair and pulled it sharply
back, "Belt or cock, choose or we will choose for you".

"No answer, right turn her over and retie her the same", as they untied her arms
and flipped her over she shock her head, Al stopped "Don't you want the belt",
slowly her head swayed from side to side, Al smiled down at her, "Wise choice,
tie her hands in front and get her set doggie-style, Toby, Shane flip for who
busts her cherry, I gona get a licking from the lovely Heather's mouth", as they
pushed her in to position he grabbed her hair again, "Ain't I".

Still holding the handful of hair he ripped the tape from her mouth and put his
hand under her mouth, like an obedient dog she let the ball drop in his hand,
"That's it your learning, if it's gona happen, it's gona happen, from where I'm
stood you need to get you legs open, there's a big piece of meat aiming right at
you backdoor". 

As her head was being held up she could see the evil in Al's face, he was
enjoying her misery. His grin grew wider as a hand went between Heathers legs
and had a pull and her small dark bush, she bit her lip and tears formed in her
eye's. His grin became a laugh, "Go on part them lips your gona have to soon, I
gona to put my meat in between them".

A pathetic, "Please don't I don't want to", was greeted by four voices
chorusing, "AAAAAhh little girly doesn't want to, Doesn't want a big fat cock up
her cherry, Your mummy didn't want one up her ass but she got lots, So is little
girly, Time to take the meat".

A quick sting from a belt had her mouth open, Al drove his length it to the
small mouth, holding her head he stopped her from escaping as he slowly pushed,
just a pull back as she choked only to push further next time.

Hands roughly pulled at her knees, opening her up as fingers played around her
virgin cunt, she didn't realise that her wiggling to avoid the invading finger
was only exciting the boys more. Another finger forced itself up in ass-hole and
that sent her bottom in to over drive, the youths cheered Shane on as he forced
the fingers up the two holes and moved them to move her.

The gurgling noises coming from her throat as Al fucked her face gave Shane the
urge to brake her in, the other two held her legs as wide as possible and he
steered his cock in to the tight pink slit. In a bit out a bit slowly opening
her up, pushing in until he felt the moist lips close around the head then he
gave an almighty shove and drove up and through her, ripping her innocence from
her.

Al knew what was going to happen and had her head held firmly, his thumb and
finger around her jaw pushed in between her teeth, he needn't have worried as
when Shane drove home her mouth opened wide enough for him to see his cock
against her tonsils.

Toby and Drew knelt ether side of her playing with her hanging tit's as the
others rammed in pushing her on to each other, Heathers body screamed at her but
her only concentration was on breathing, her mind begged this torment to end but
the two boys banged in to her fast, then faster as each one built up to a
orgasm. Shane was the first to blow, pumping her young thirteen year old cunt
full, her groaning became louder as Al pushed his meat further and faster down
her throat. His fingers had stayed locked in place holding her jaw open, the
only way he was cuming was by rubbing her throat and the roof of her mouth, she
could do nothing to stop him.

"Jesus Christ I'm cuming was the last thing she heard as a load of hot juice hit
the back of her throat. Heather, gagging and chocking finally felt the length of
male meat pull from her mouth and she swallowed everything in an attempt to
breath again.

Before her brain could comprehend what had happened another pair of pants were
being removed in front of her. Hands were pulling at her cunt again, her head
was pulled up and another cock was slapping her face as a young excited voice
told her to open up for more.

Totally resigned to her fate Heather opened her mouth and took the cock in, a
second later she grunted as her cunt was filled again and a sarcastic voice
said, "Not bad for sloppy seconds", and the two youths started her second double
ended rape.

As the two youths fucked the lovely young girl Al looked around the pretty
little bedroom, started opening draws and found her mobile. He sat on the side
of the bed and switched it on, Contacts, Search, he flicked through the names
until he came to MUM, a grin slid across his face as he pressed dial.

Ross jumped as her heard a mobile ring tone, Ziggy bent down took it out of
Judy's house robe pocket and handed to Ross, "Ya".

Al laughed, "Only you would answer a call with Ya, we got the kid, what's mum
doing". Ross looked up on the stage, "She's having a fucking good time, why", Al
said, "Put the phone to her ear", Ross went up to were Judy was being fucked in
the mouth and cunt, looked at Tiny, "Take your dick out her mouth, she has a
call", he put the phone to her ear.

Al said, "Hello mum what's happening to you", there was silence from Judy all Al
could hear was her grunt as someone was fucking her from behind, "You better
talk to me or lucky white Heather will be a lot redder next time you meet".

"Oh no please don't hurt her, no, no".

"Oh shut the fuck up whimpering and tell me what's happening to you".

"I'm, I, I'm being fucked in the cunt while I kneel and suck another cock".

"Hay, that's a coincides, like mother like daughter, but you need to train her
more, nearly fucking choked on her first face fuck, but we're working on it,
only got her ass to break in, but you will see that, we will be bringing her
there as soon as we have filled her again".

"Why don't you listen", he put the phone by Heathers mouth, Judy listened, "Say
hello to mummy", Heather tried to say something but all that came out was the
aaaappphhh, aaapphh, aaaphh of a cock fucking her mouth. Al took the phone back,
"Sounds good don't she, your little girl is taking a fucking from both ends, she
looks good too and a nice handful of tit, gona look like you, oh stop sobbing
and get your face back on who ever is fucking your mouth", he switched off the
phone.

 Judy looked at Ross but before she could utter what she was thinking her hair
was pulled sharply up and Tiny's cock jammed itself back in her mouth, Ross
smiled down at her, "Seems your kid ain't a kid anymore, looking forward to
giving her one my self", and went back to his seat.

Heather squealed as they humped in to her filling her cunt and mouth for the
second time. They pulled out of her and she sank to the bed, "Get the fat kid,
he got them in to this the least he can do is clean his sister up, can't have
her meeting the boys with blood and cum all over her legs and ass, go get him".

Oliver was dragged in to the room his eyes opened wide at the sight of his
sister naked and well fucked laying on the bed, Al got hold of him, "Take her in
the shower and clean her up, especially her cunt and ass, move now fat boy.

Oliver approached Heather and tried to lift her but she just looked at him
through glazed eye's, "Come on sis don't annoy them just come with me", he
pulled and lifted her until, on shaking legs, she staggered towards the shower.
Oliver lent her against the shower door as her turned the water on, he helped
her in, only to be pushed, fully dressed in after her. The four stood around and
watch him start to rub soap over her, her hands still tied, tried to cover her
violated slit.

Al snapped at her, "Shift your hands he's gona wash that cunt of yours, so it's
all nice a clean for the main man to have a play with, come on get them hands up
above your head, you got a cute body and I want to see it all, wouldn't mind
soaping you up myself". Oliver started on her legs and worked his way up,
rinsing the blood away, soon he was between her legs, Al told her to open them
so her brother could get at her slit. Heather turned her face in to her up
stretched arm and she opened her legs to let her brother have free access to her
sore cunt.

Shane was the first to taunt Oliver, "Go on she won't mind stick your finger up
her cunt", Troy quickly followed, "Clean the shag toy out, we need her ready for
action again", Drew followed, "And don't forget her sweet ass-hole", he laughed,
"We won't". Oliver had never touched a girl before and often laid in bed jerking
his hard-on at the thought of his lovely sister's body.

He didn't look at her but he soon started to finger her, letting his soapy
fingers trail along the slit and then ease up her, the excitement was to much
for him, his wet clothes clung to him and his little hard dick showed,

" Oly's getting a hard on finger fucking his sister, you dirty little boy", he
moved himself round the shower but it was too late. "Get you pants off now", he
looked over his shoulder at Drew. " Get your fucking pants off with one had and
finger fuck sis with the other until we say stop, now you little ass-wipe, move
it".

Oliver reluctantly pulled his shorts and pants down and kicked them out the
shower, his small t-shirts didn't cover his ass and his silly pointy little dick
stood straight up. Al laughed, "I don't think that little weenie is big enough
for a sister that looks as gorges as yours doe's and it would be a waste to
stick it in her mouth, no, your just going to have to pull it yourself, we will
let you finger fuck her while you do, well it's the least we can do, ain't it
boy's, it was him that gave us the three fuck toys to play with, get at it you
fucking excuse for an ass-wipe".

Heather wept openly as her brother fingered her cunt, even bending to get as
much of his fingers up her as he could. The sound of him grunting as his right
hand moved furiously on his cock just added to her humiliation, then the
cat-calls, "Go to it Ol'y fuck her good", "Give it to her, spray your cum over
the shag toy", "Give her tit's a suck you'll get off on it, she's got great
nipples".

As Oliver's lips slipped over his sister's nipple he shot a load of juice over
her stomach and cunt. Troy, in between laughing at the pathetic sight, told him
to wash it off. He never looked at his sister once as he cleaned his juice off
her. Drew dragged both of them out the shower, "Cover the fuck-toy and get the
little shit, he can go as he is, but put something over her, don't need her
catching cold, she has work to do".

They all headed for the car. Soon they were at the entrance to the school hall,
Al stood there savouring the laughter of the gang in the room, he smiled as his
eyes fixed on the stage.

In the middle of the stage the spotlight lit up the two women. Judy still with
her wrists fastened behind her was kneeling on Jason's cock, Rod was pumping her
ass, her black mane was being pulled hard back as her mouth strained upwards to
where Lara was hanging. Lara's wrists were tied to the lower gantry, her legs
were held wide by Turk and Jacko, all of them were watching Judy trying to lick
her out, Tiny saw Al and wondered over to him, "They ain't letting her down till
teach cums over mums face and this is the third time mums had two up her and she
knows there's a queue".

Al pulled Heather over towards Ross, Oliver was told to sit in clear view of his
mother and not move. Ross pushed away the jacket that covered Heathers naked
body, "Oh I love them young and ripe, lets show mummy you're here".

Heather was pulled up on to the stage and stood between Lara's open legs. Judy
didn't know what to do, stop and look at her raped daughter or carry on trying
to stop Lara's torment, her mind was made up for her.

"Listen baby girl, you bend down and lick on mummies nipples, I'm sure Jas well
keep yours hard, as for me, you just stick that pretty little, stripped ass out
and something's bound to come up".

Heather bent forward, Judy couldn't look at her, but she jumped as her
daughter's mouth closed over her nipple, Jason pulled and played with the lovely
young breasts that hung above his face. There was a small moan as Ross ran a wet
finger in between Heathers legs.

He bent down to Heather, "Your gona moan for me baby girl, I'm gona fuck your
tight ass-hole and I ain't gona stop until your mum has teachers cum dripping
from her mouth".

Ross let his pants fall and stood behind the trembling girl, he put his fingers
towards Judy's mouth, "Make them wet mummy, so I can shove them up your
daughters ass", knowing she was helpless to stop him she licked and spat over
the stinking finger's and then watched them disappear behind her daughter.

Judy licked at Lara as she heard her baby squeal, she knew that Ross was
defiling her daughters ass-hole, she groaned as she heard him say, "That's one
tight ass, she gona be a great fuck". Little sobbing noise's came from Heather
and Judy felt her stiffen as Ross said, "Here it comes baby girl".

Judy could still see Ross even though she was being forced to degrade the woman
she loved in front of these animals, and Ross looked back at her. He blew her a
kiss before running his tongue over his hand, his face broke in to an evil smile
as he massaged the wet hand around his rampant cock, waved  at Judy before
pushing in between the ass cheeks of the helpless Heather.

A loud whaling cry stopped the idle chatter in the hall as his cock broke
through the young ass ring. The hatred in Judy's eyes was meet with, "Go on baby
girl take it all, I'm only the first of many that are going to bugger this cute
ass of yours tonight and your mums got her strap on with her so she can fuck it
to".

Judy felt Lara getting wet, was she getting off on what was happening under her,
as her daughters suffering would only end quicker if she moved quicker, her
tongue darted over the exposed clit. Faster and faster as the moans above became
louder, her eye's caught sight of Ross, he was grinning in her face as he pushed
himself in to her babie's ass.

He started to thrust, pushing his thick cock all the way in, Heather was
sobbing, Judy could do nothing but suck at the cunt hanging in her face, at
least it was getting wetter. Ross could reach Lara's ass and he slapped it hard
twice, the shock made Lara cum. Every body laughed as Judy knelt there with
juice running down her face.

She looked at Ross, "There I've done what you wanted, leave her alone", Ross
grinned back, "No way", as if nothing was happening he looked at his watch, " We
got 16 more hours to play with you, I ain't finished fucking this ass yet and I
certainly haven't finished with you or teach, and between you and me, I don't
think the rest of the gang have finished ether".

Heather groaned, "Why don't the police come", Ross let out a roar of laughter
and thrust even harder up her ass-hole, "The only thing coming around here is
us, there won't be no police because your mum don't want them. If your dad found
some of these letters and pictures you would be looking for a new home, As for
teach, if the school governors found out about her fun fetish she would be out
of a job and with no chance of another school taking her on, that would fuck up
the loan company and your dad don't know fuck all about the amount of
re-mortgaging your mum has put in to her love nest, oh no all this is just
between us, ain't it teach". Jason and Rod finally came, filling up Judy's cunt
and ass. As Ross continued fucking Heathers hole he slapped Lara's ass hard, "I
said ain't it teach".

Lara put the red lipstick on and started to tidy her hair, her cunt still felt
sticky with male cum so she took a wet tissue to the toilet again, she sat there
trying to piss thinking, is it only a month since that weekend of hell, her
whole life style now was so different.

She started to let a golden stream of hot urine out, washing away they two loads
of filth that Higgins and Robertson had left up her. Three times a week she only
had three classes' the other three periods were taken up by being used by
certain housemasters and the head. Today she had been in a small storeroom that
had been cleared to accommodate her new found activates.

After the gang rape Ross had told the head all about Lara and Judy, between them
they decided to keep the letters and pictures, Lara was summoned to the head and
told she had two choices, be disgraced or be used, knowing Judy's situation, the
money, her parents health and hopefully teaching in the future, she stayed at
the school.

Today she went to the storeroom to be fucked by Higgins and Robertson they
enjoyed having the pretty blond that they once had to struggle to feel up now
they had her all to them selves.

The men were waiting for her, as soon as the door closed Higgins was taking her
clothes off, "Well little miss Prim, on your knees, you now know your place in
this school, mouth open sucking cock. Both men spent the next 45 minutes in
heaven, they had this pretty girl to fuck and play with, she had to do every
thing.

After her humiliation at the hands of what she now had to call her masters she
had to take a lesson, Higgins had made sure she had to do it in her short skirt
and he had kept her pants, with all that she still loved the teaching of nice
children it was still her vocation

She reported to the head the following period who stripped her naked then fucked
both of her holes helped by her mouth and several intervals with the cane.

This afternoon her first period was her favourite class, then followed Alpha 4.

Alpha 4's class room now had a bolt on the door, Lara bolted it, she looked
around at the leering faces, the class had only the gang members now, they
didn't do a lot, part of the deal they made selling her to the head.

There was one added student to the room, Lara saw the dark hair of Heather at
the back of the class, Ziggy was sitting beside her, he pulled her head up, "Say
hello to teach Heather", Lara looked at the glazed excerption on the girls face
and wondered what filth they had injected in to her this time, before she could
think any more her head was pushed back down so her mouth could continue it's
work on Ziggy's cock.

Ross looked up from a large book, "Start stripping let's loose the clothes, you
done well this last week, those three guys that took you on Tuesday night paid
quite a bit more for tying you up and tickling your feet and the four lorry
drivers want the same deal again next week.

Heathers doing great in them little costumes you got for her, some dirty bastard
about, liking them looking that young, still if they pay they play.

Top earner was Judy, that office party with the twelve from up country made the
fact she couldn't walk for a day well worth the extra, ya all in all you three
are working well. Did you know Judy's working to night some new blokes, don't
know them, seemed a bit weird still they wanted a good looking mature woman and
that's what we got them".

Ross closed the book and got up, "O K teach, come here and suck cock, don't
forget all the way and clean it all after I've filled your throat, and I think
I'll have my ball's licked and tongued for a while, just keep your ass up I'm
sure someone will want to use  it". Lara bent over and took the cock all the way
down her throat, as she pushed her cute ass up for anyone to fuck, her mind
wondered to Judy and what she may be doing, after all it was Friday night, this
used to be their night.

Judy swung from the X frame her wrist's and ankles fastened to the wood her
beautiful body bowed, her full round tit's hung, forced further down by the
weights that hung from the nipple clamps, her mouth held open by the ring gag
unable to close as she watched the thick pink cock pushing toward it. She felt
fingers playing around her ass and cunt, thank god he had stopped pulling them
about with the pinchers.

The cock slid in to her mouth and thrust all the way down, she struggled to
breath, jumping at the cruel invading fingers now shoving hard up her cunt and
ass-hole and she knew they had paid to play with her all night.

                            OH SON WHAT HAVE YOU DONE.



                                                     Pagan.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





