BDSM Library - Twin Submission




Twin Submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A fantasy journey into extreme submission.
N SUBMISSION

INTRODUCTION

The twins stood next to each other in the darkened room that was their Master's
receiving room. The room itself was a picture of subtly understated luxury.
Thick carpets, walls hung with expensive, and tasteful works of art, a large
fire burning in the antique fire place, and well stuffed leather armchairs and
sofas scattered around the spacious floor area. In short, it appeared exactly
like the drawing room of a wealthy, 'old english' aristocratic home. It was not,
of course. While the twins' Master was surely wealthy, under no circumstances
could he ever be termed aristocratic. The exact opposite was in fact the case.
He had gained his wealth through criminal activity initially, and even now that
he was wealthy beyond calculation, the sources of his wealth were still sheathed
in secrecy, and, for the most part,  hovered on the edge of the law.

In addition to the shady enterprises that filled his coffers at a fantastic
rate, the twins' Master also provided for the bizarre pleasures of the wealthy,
and it was primarily this fact that allowed him to run his elicit empire with
impunity from the law. He had gathered so many secrets to use, if required, on
so many doyens of society, business people, church people, politicians, and
legal captains, that he was , for all intents and purposes, untouchable.

What this shadowy man supplied in the way of elicit pleasures were sexual, and
extremely deviant sexual pleasures at that. He provided for the privileged and
wealthy classes predilection for sado masochistic activities, providing
'Masters' or 'Mistresses' for those whose preferences were to be abused and, of
course, and more prevalent, slaves of either sex for those whose tastes ran to
being the inflictors of abuse. His set up was such that his 'customers' were
guaranteed anonominity, and, naturally, protection from the possible legal
ramifications that might have otherwise arose from the activities involved.

It should be understood, however, that the man protected his assets. No
recipient of his favours was ever permitted to exceed set limits and either
seriously injure, or even risk killing the subjects he provided. This was not
because the man cared all that much about the well-being of the human objects he
specialised in providing, but purely because he considered them to be valuable
assets only, and they did indeed bring in astronomical amounts of money for his
ever burgeoning coffers.

Those practitioners that were used for catering to the more masochistic of the
man's clientele were employed by the man specifically for that purpose. Their
incomes were deliberately made substantial. This ensured that each one was aware
of the need for the absolute security of their activities, and, of course, of
remaining loyal to their employer. There was always, of course, the additional,
eternal threat of physical retribution should any of the people involved stray
from the man's rigidly applied rules, or even contemplate going into business on
their own. Indeed, a couple of disappearances early in the life of this elicit
enterprise still served to ensure no straying.

The subjects used for the other side of the enterprise were a different matter
altogether. The masochists were slaves in the literal meanng of the word. They
received no income whatsoever, and were kept in strict captivity. This was not
to say that they were unwilling participants however, quite the contrary was the
case. One of the man's most valued colleagues in this enterprise was a
psychiatric medical practitioner, with no morals, or medical ethics. This woman
used her skills and training to assess prospective slaves to ascertain if they
were mentally predisposed for the roles they were to play. Not only did she
ferret out candidates for these activities, but also helped to reinforce those
latent tendencies by means of continuous, and intensive conditioning. That she
was successful in these endeavors was evidenced by the cold hard fact that no
slave had ever sought to escape from their captivity in the entire history of
the enterprise.

The stringent captivity into which the slaves were drawn was no less severe and
uncompromising because of their own acquiescence. The individuals might as well
have been in a high security prison for all the freedom they were accorded. They
were rarely allowed out of the confines of the special building that the Master
had had constructed specifically to house, and train them in, without strict
supervision. The only occassions they left those premises were when they were to
be transported to some other establishment, for use by the Master's clients. For
the most part the clients actually came to them, for the specialized buildingin
which they were housed was designed for such activities.

The twins, now standing in silence in the opulent drawing room patiently waiting
for their Master to arrive, had no idea of what was to befall them. They were
used to being summoned into his presence from time to time, usually when he had
some special project in which they were to participate to announce. In fact, if
the truth be known, they were both filled with excitement at the prospect of
some new, particularly frightening and painful encounter to endure. The twins
were the Master's pride and joy, and his most prized human possessions. Both
were true, and natural masochists, a fact that had become most apparent when
they had first came into his possession. They were also both found to be
perfectly bisexual. He had had them in his possession for two years, and during
that time they had been extensively trained, and perfectly conditioned by his
amoral doctor. She had never ceased to marvel at the threshold for enduring pain
and suffering, and the capacity for plumbing the depths of sexual depravity that
the twins had possessed from the very beginning of their captivity. Both would
submit, willingly, to any sexual act no matter how obscene or perverted, and
both would willingly endure all forms of humiliation, pain and suffering without
demure, and neither had ever displayed even the slightest hint of rebellion. The
doctor herself, being a consummate sadist, had explored the twins capacity in
the latter areas to the maximum extent possible, and never ceased to marvel at
their resilience and capacity to endure.

The twins stood in the darkened room, side by side and in complete silence.
There was no furtive whispering between them, no voicing of their hopes for what
this audience might involve. They were too well trained to have even
contemplated such activity, for they were forbidden to communicate in any way,
without the express permission of either a supervisor, or a client. Being the
Master's pride and joy in no way lessened the discipline to which they
submitted, rather, for them such discipline was even more rigidly imposed than
with most other slaves. This was the greater part of the twins allure, that they
were so perfectly subjugated, and so exquitely submissive.

Both were superb examples of human physical perfection, their beautiful bodies
being kept fit, and impeccably toned, by the most rigid fitness resume
imaginable. The hair of each had been professionally removed from everywhere on
their bodies, except for their heads, and their flawless skin had been subtly
decorated with tattoos that both enhanced their natural beauty, and signified
their status in the most humiliating and visually degrading fashion. Both were
entirely naked, with only their bonds to decorate their exquisite beauty.

Indeed, the twins are almost exclusively kept naked. The only times they are
adorned at all is when it is deemed necessary to expose them to public scrutiny,
during transportation to another location for example. Other than that all they
ever wore are adornments or decorations designed to enhance their sensual
beauty, or to add to their humiliation and degradation when they are being used
either by clients, or merely as decorative objects during orgiastic events.

The twins are identical, in so far as twins can be identical when they are of
either sex. Both are of the same height, five feet nine inches, and both are
naturally blond with long, beautifully kept hair. The male's natural facial
features are unusually soft for a person of his sex, and made even more so by
the permanent removal of his beard. A mild course of hormone female treatment
has served to soften his skin, while in no way feminising his superb body. He is
perfectly proportioned but not muscle bound, more like a distance runner than a
sprinter. His superb penis, which now hung limply between his thighs as he stood
motionless in the room, is his most outstanding feature. It is not excessively
large, but unusual in that its length and thickness remain almost identical,
whether the sex organ is aroused, or not. The penis is nine inches in length,
and has a diameter of around an inch and a half. The testicles that nestled at
the base of the immaculate specimen of male sexuality are the size of duck eggs,
and seem to perennially bulge with sap. A closer inspection of the male's penis
reveals that it has been pierced behind its perfectly shaped glans, and if one
looks closely behind the well packed testicle sack one also finds that the skin
there has been pierced as well.

The female twin is exquisitely beautiful. Her body is a picture of feminine
sensuality, long shapely legs, rounded buttocks, a slender waist, and breasts
that appeared almost, but somehow not quite, to large for her body. A deeply
indented naval graces her flat belly, and large pink nipples cap each
immaculately shaped breast. Her skin is pale and creamy and deliciously smooth.
Had she not chosen slavery as her fate she could have made a fortune in any of
the feminine trades, model, actress, or high priced prostitute.

As she stood waiting with her twin at her side her magnificent breasts, rising
and falling softly with each breath, could be seen to show the almost faded
marks of a recent whipping. Her female sex nestled alluringly between her full
thighs, long lips plump and smooth, inner lips just discernible in the slight
gap between them, and a pronounced bulge at the topmost juncture indicating a
clitoris of considerable size. Additionally, if one looked a little more closely
at the outer lips one would see that each has been pierced four times, evenly
spread along each. Also close inspection would reveal that the nipples of both
twins are pierced, along with the more obvious ear piercing, and more bizarrely,
their noses.

Each of the twins wears a tattoo which decorate their lower bellies and
genitals. The tattoos are in the shape of whips, delicately etched into the
skin. The handles beginning just below their navels, and the lengths of the
whips, in the case of the male going down his belly and encompassing his scrotum
before ending in a lash just above the base of his penile shaft, and in the case
of the female, the length of the whip circles the plump lips of her vulva and
the lash is positioned at its apex, on her smooth mound.

The twins stood waiting patiently, no doubt wondering why they had been
permitted to appear before the Master without the normal outward signs of their
bondage. That is to say that the chains linking their wrist and ankle cuffs were
the most liberal of the ones available, and allowed them considerable freedom of
movement, not a normal state of affairs at all, especially when they were to be
viewed. Additionally, and more strangely, their sexes were not locked up, as
they almost always were, except when it was necessary for that delicate and
intimate flesh to be used, or abused as the case may be. These peculiar
circumstances for the twins only served to add to their breathless anticipation,
not to mention awed foreboding of what might be awaiting them.

Muted sounds from outside the room heralded the imminent arrival of the Master.
From the nature of the sounds it was also evident that he was not alone. The
twins, as if by some unheard command, both dropped to their knees, and spread
them wide apart so that their naked crotches were obscenely displayed as soon as
they heard the first sound. Their shackled hands rose and each clasped their
hands firmly behind their deferentially bowed heads, presenting a perfect
depiction of time honoured submission.

The door to the room swung silently open, and two men entered, striding
purposefully into the dimly lit interior. They completely ignored the presence
of the twins, or at least seemed to, as they moved into the lounge area of the
room. One of the men, the twin's Master, offered the stranger a seat, and then
asked him what his pleasure was in the way of a drink. Having gotten a response
he quickly busied himself with preparing drinks, and after giving his guest his,
also sat down in a large leather armchair.

The two men sipped their drinks for a few seconds, and then turned their
attention to the quietly kneeling, patiently waiting twins.

"Well, what do you think, Rene?" The Master asked with a smile.

"The appearance is certainly impressive, Sir Michael." The seated man replied,
then continued, "However, I would like to inspect the merchandise a little more
closely, and administer a couple of little tests, if it's alright with you?"

"You're the client." Sir Michael declared, "Help yourself. You'll find a
selection of appropriate implements over there." He continued, indicating a
large upright cupboard of mahogany against a wall off to their right, "Should
you wish to test the capacity of the merchandise to endure and accept."

The visitor smiled enigmatically as he rose from his seat and placed his half
empty drink of a convenient side table, then strode over to the indicated
cupboard. "I'll certainly test both base animals in that particular area. After
all, their capacity in that respect is my main criteria for them. If they meet
that to my satisfaction, then I'm sure that they will also satisfy me in all
other respects."

The twins almost visibly shuddered, whether with dread, or excitement, is an
entirely mute point, for the cupboard they well knew was stocked exclusively
with instruments designed specifically to inflict pain, and both, as mentioned
earlier, are addicted to being subjects on whom that form of entertainment is
practiced. In fact, if one were to inspect them closely at this time one would
notice that the nipples cresting the female's voluptuous breasts were slowly
stiffening, and the long thick penis hanging between the male's spread thighs
was swelling and twitching, as if it had a mind of its own.

The man returned, but this time to a position towering over the kneeling twins.
He had selected a three foot long riding whip from the Master's collection, and
was tapping his leg with the cruel instrument while he gazed ominously down at
the twins.

"Stand, animals!" he rapped out in a loud voice.

The twins, in perfect unison, and with a perfect grace only arrived at through
years of practice, stood despite their awkward posture, their hands never
leaving their positions, and their legs remaining well spread with their naked
crotches still wantonly thrust outwards. The visitor slowly walked around the
pair, his whip tapping audibly against his black leather trouser leg. He made a
show of inspecting the twins' immaculate nudity for seemingly eons, which, no
doubt, only added to their sense of awed excitement and dread.

The visitor came to a halt in front of the twins. He reached out with his whip
and lightly tapped the smooth flesh of the female's right breast just below the
now fully stiffened nipple to get her attention.

"You, bitch!" He snapped, "Get the hog's slug stiff!"

The female slowly lowered her hands and made to bend down towards her sibling's
crotch, and his already semi erect penis.

"No! You don't need to look at it to work on it, cow! Just get on with it! I
haven't got all day!"

The rasping command was accompanied by a less than gentle slap of the whip into
the tender flesh of her breast. The female twin reacted to both the command, and
the sting of the whip, with a whimper, and an expression of consternation at
having, this early in proceedings, already managed to enrage the powerful
visitor. Her masochistic brain cried out to be punished for this transgression,
a fact that would have been clearly evident had the man deigned to gaze into her
pleading eyes. He did not. Rather just stood waiting, impatiently, for her to
complete the task he had given her.

The girl reached down and her hand unerringly sought out the fleshy tube of her
brother's ever growing penis. She grasped it firmly and, to the accompanying
sounds of clinking chain, began to tug and pull on the swelling shaft. It only
took about thirty seconds for the penis to achieve full erection. The large
organ sprouted stiffly up the male's slightly trembling belly after his twin
released it, and a drop of sticky moisture had already appeared from the slit in
its bulging head.

The leather clad stranger moved slightly to his left, once the girl's hands were
again clasped behind her bowed head, until he stood in front of the highly
aroused male. He looked down at the naked male's rock hard penis with a mocking
leer on his face.

"A fair specimen, hog!" He sneered, tapping the length of the shaft with the
whip, then he lowered the evil instrument slightly, so that its vicious lash
tapped at the smooth bulging sack of the slave's swollen scrotum.

"You! Bitch!" he rapped out to the girl, "Get behind the hog! Hands over his
head, and down to his slug knob, then paint it with his obscene, leaking
refuse!" He commanded.

The female shuffled quickly into the position ordered then allowed her shacked
hands to drop over her brother's head, down his muscular torso until she was
able to cup the glans of his throbbing penis in the palm of her hand. She
immediately began to smear the pre-cum leaking from his drooling slit all over
the satiny skin of the glans, as she had been commanded to do. The male twin's
thighs shuddered with the pleasure of it, and it was all he could manage not to
disgrace himself by climaxing under her lewd caress.

"Now, hog!" The dark dominant chuckled, "The first of your tests is about to
begin. I expect only the most appropriate responses from you, and certainly no
disgusting caterwauling! Now, raise your face, and look into my eyes!"

The male did as he was bid, and a visible shudder ran through his naked body
when he stared into the clear cobalt blue eyes of the visitor. He saw no
compassion there. Not even the slightest hint of mercy, only cold blue, and
heartless cruelty. The dominant man drew the whip back behind himself, then
savagely swung it upwards. The muscles of the slave's spread thighs knotted
wildly, and the merest hint of a moan escaped his gaping mouth when, with a
subdued smacking sound, the brutal, steel hard lash of the diabolical whip
sliced barbarously into the sensitive, and tender flesh of his swollen
testicles, and acute sensations of sheer agony assailed his nerves.

The cruel visitor stared fixedly into the male twin's wide eyes, his expression
clearly expecting a response from the suffering slave, and enraged that it was
not immediately forthcoming.

"Thank you, Sir!" The twin stuttered, realising his less than appropriate
response to the vicious assault on his burning testicles had angered his
tormentor. His tone of voice dripped with sincere subservience, and he prayed
that this would, in some small way, placate the cruel Master's wrath.

"Shall I honour your corrupt scum bags with further gentle attention, hog?" the
cold-blooded man asked in tones that demonstrated a mixture of sneering
superiority, and unmasked sadistic fury.

"Please Sir! Please Sir! But harder, Sir! Harder!" The male cried in an
anguished voice. His tones were all abject pleading, no doubt in the hope that
his earlier transgression might be at least forgiven, if not forgotten. The
visitor's thick lips split in a leering grin on hearing the slave's pleas, but
in no way did his stone cold eyes betray anything but pitiless cruelty. The
wicked whip swung back, paused for effect, then slashed upwards at a frightening
pace until the lash again sliced deeply into the soft meat of the slave's
bulging testicles. This time the visitor didn't wait for any response, but
immediately swung the whip again, lashing the vulnerable testicles of the male
twin heartlessly, over and over.

The suffering male's thighs clenched and unclenched almost involuntarily, while
his agony grew and grew with each brutally delivered lash. His pain soaked
testicles began to swell and become bruised as the satiny skin of his hairless
scrotum was brutishly marred by the relentless lash. Continuous whimpers, barely
audible, escaped from his gaping mouth. But if one were to inspect his penis
closely, one would see that the diabolic whipping of his most tender appendages,
rather than reduce his obvious arousal, was actually enhancing it. A small
geyser of semen erupted from his slit each time a particularly hard stroke was
delivered to his swollen aching testicles, and each time this happened the busy
fingers of his twin dutifully, and lewdly spread the sticky fluid over the
bloated knob of his glans.

After swinging the cruel whip perhaps ten times with ever increasing ferocity,
the dark visitor finally stopped, and stood back from his pain wracked victim.
His breath came in slight gasps and pants, reflecting the effort he had put in.
The male twin, small tears of anguish trickling from the corners of his eyes,
literally gasped for air, and his smooth skinned chest heaved with passionate
anguish.

"Now for the second test." The visitor declared, in a voice betraying his own
growing excitement, along with the ever present tone of sadistic cruelty.
"Bitch, hold the hog's slug out for me! Present his fat, scum soaked lump to me!
And hold it steady!"

The female twin grasped her twin's penis shaft in both hands and bent it down
until it stood out at right angles to his smooth groin, the glistening glans
swelling and flaring visible, with pre-cum still dripping from its slightly
dilated slit. The male twin, realising what was to come shuddered with terror,
but his wide moist eyes betrayed the sense of masochistic euphoria drifting
through his consciousness, in eager anticipation of the awful prospect. He was
also, of course, acutely aware of the feel of his twin's lush warm breasts, with
their hard peaks, pressing insistently into the skin of his back.

The malevolent Master, noting the small shimmying of the male slave's torso
caught on to what was going on and rapped out in complete fury, whether genuine
or simulated, could not be ascertained with any certainty. "Bitch! Get your fat,
obscene udders off the hog's back! I'll get to you later, and I wont forget this
either, you can be sure!"

The female edged her own torso back so that all contact with her twin was
broken, except, of course, for her hands which continued to grip the shaft of
his steel hard penis firmly. She arched her back so that she could continue to
grip him without any other part of her body touching him. When he was satisfied
the man leered sadistically at his victim, and raised his brutal whip high over
his head. He then brought it flashing down.

The steel lash of the whip sliced savagely into the spongy, dripping meat of the
male's juice laden glans, sending tiny droplets of sex juice flying in its wake.
A tiny squeal of pure anguish was involuntarily ripped from the tormented
slave's gulping throat when the pain of the lash flashed though him, and
exploded in his brain. It took the slave a few seconds to regain his composure,
then he blurted out in sheer masochistic ecstasy.

"Thank you, Sir!" He drew a deep ragged breath and then gasped out pleadingly,
"Please, Sir! Please, Sir! Again! Again! Harder, Sir! Whip harder! Please Sir!
Please Sir!" The final supplication almost sobbed out, such was the slave's
longing to suffer at the hands of such a consummate sadist.

Needless to say the sadistic guest was quick to accede to his victim's abject
pleas. The cruel whip rose and fell with ever increasing ferocity. It's brutal
lash scoring the sensitive meat of the penis head over and over, causing it to
swell even larger, and to become ever more sensitised the more it was abused.
Towards the end of the whipping the slave's mouth was emitting continuous
subdued shrieks that attested to the level of his pain and suffering.

Eventually the man ceased to flay the twin's tortured penis head, and stood back
to survey his handiwork. The female still held the shaft out, and the severely
punished male sobbed soundlessly in his misery.

"Release the hog, bitch! And resume your position!" The Master commanded.

The female twin immediately released her grip on her twin's penile shaft, and
the organ snapped back to its normal position, arching up his vibrating belly,
with such force that the swollen, savagely whipped glans actually slapped loudly
into the hard muscled flesh of the belly, smearing the smooth skin with a sticky
dob of his pre-cum. The female resumed her position standing next to her twin
with her hands grasping the back of her head in natural submission.

"Excellent reaction, hog!" The cruel dominant chortled. He then turned his
attention to the female slave again.

"Bitch! You will now bring the hog off for me. Two fingers of one hand only, and
no other touch! You have thirty seconds! Now get on with it!"

The female twin again removed her hands from behind her head and reached down to
her sibling's arching penis with the fingers of one hand. She grasped the
throbbing shaft between thumb and forefinger and immediately began to stroke
back and forth with ever increasing velocity. Within a few seconds the male's
chest had begun to heave, and his penis had begun to pulsate uncontrollably.

By the time twenty seconds had elapsed the male's penis was beyond his control,
and throbbed wildly. His testicles, still swollen and aching from their recent
abuse tightened at the base of his shaft, and his hips began to jerk almost
imperceptibly. His inevitable orgasm was already about to explode.

"Catch the hog's refuse in your other hand, bitch!" The visitor roared, "Don't
dare spill a drop!"

Just in time the slave girl managed to cup her free hand over the pulsing knob
of her twin's erupting penis. Stream after stream of pale white semen gushed
from the head of the climaxing penis, and was caught in the girl's hand. Six
mighty spurts erupted before the strength of the ejaculations finally began to
ebb. When it was clear that the slave's sexual explosion had completely
exhausted itself the man commanded:

"Squeeze out every last drop, bitch!"

The female dutifully used her fingers to strop the ridge running up the back of
the slightly softening penile shaft, thereby forcing the remaining dregs of
semen out into her cupped hand, which was full to over flowing with the male's
orgasmic juices.

"Feed the hog, bitch!" The sadist ordered with a slight chortle.

The female immediately brought her cupped hand up to her twin's mouth and waited
while his long tongue shot out of his mouth and began to lap at the semen he had
just ejaculated. The male slave lapped up his own sex juices like a starving
waif, swallowing the musky fluid with submissive gusto. His agile tongue sought
out every last drop from the fleshy cup held to his mouth. When the Master was
satisfied that he had consumed every speck of evidence of his orgasm he
commanded the girl to resume her position. The two again stood side by side. The
male's penis had not fully softened following his orgasm, but remained at half
mast, thick and swollen, and still sticky with juice.

"Now it's your turn, bitch!" The dark visitor said, leering cruelly at the
submissive girl. "Let's hope your performance at least matches the hog's,
although he was by no means perfect!" Turning his attention momentarily to the
male twin, the Master continued, "Get behind the bitch, hog! And I don't have to
remind you that no unnecessary touching will be tolerated!"

The male twin immediately did as he was told, then the Master ordered:

"Two fingers of each hand only, hog. Spread the bitch's depraved gash wide for
me!"

The male carefully looped his arms over the girl's head, and down her body,
ensuring that he didn't touch any part of her skin. He then, with equally care,
reached into her crotch with both hands. Then with just forefingers and thumbs
he securely grasped each of the outer lips of her plump vulva, insinuating a
finger tip into one of her piercings for a better grip on her already moist sex
meat, and literally tore the fat lips as widely apart as he was able. The
drenched wet red interior of the girl's aroused sex was fully, and obscenely
revealed to the watching dominant. The ragged hole of her dripping vagina, the
juicy inner lips, also pulled apart by the male's actions, and, of course, the
bulge of her burgeoning clitoris, already half exposed from its foreskin by the
intensity of her erotic stimulation.

"God, bitch!" The sadist chuckled, "Your obscene gash smells like a whore house
at the height of an orgy! Now look at me!"

The female twin raised her head enough to be able to stare at her tormentor. She
shuddered with dread as she gazed deeply into his ice cold eyes, and was
transfixed by the sheer sadistic power that seemed to radiate from him in waves.
Her thighs trembled deliciously, and the hard nubbins of her nipples seemed to
redden and get even harder than they had been before. And most noticeably, the
shaft her hard clitoris seemed to ooze a little further out from its protective
sheath.

The dark guest leered sadistically at his victim while raising the whip high
over his head. He paused, for effect, then brought the evil implement flashing
down. The girl, remembering his instruction to her twin, fought to contain her
control when the cruel lash bit deeply into the sensitised meat of her left
nipple and set the nubbin on fire. She did however, manage to maintain her
silence, at least until she made her response to her torment.

"Thank you, Sir!" Her pain racked voice sobbed.

The vicious whip lash sliced into the nipple of her right breast even before her
voice had faded eliciting the tiniest of whelps from her now gaping mouth.

"Oh, Thank you Sir!" She yelped once again as both her nipples throbbed with
hurt. Her twin was beginning to have trouble keeping his grip on her plump vulva
lips as her juice flow increased with her suffering, and he had to concentrate,
and squeeze the slippery flesh almost painfully in his endeavors to keep the
lips splayed open. The cruel whip rose and fell ten more times, to the
accompanying, almost inaudible whimpers from the tormented girl, and its lash
sliced harshly into each of her throbbing nipples setting them on fire.

The dark dominant then stood back from his suffering victim and surveyed her
with growing mirth.

"Make sure you keep the bitch's gash split, hog!" He snapped as he allowed the
tip of the whip to again rise high over his head. The male twin insinuated the
tips of his forefingers even deeper into his twin's vulva piercings, until he
had almost driven each right through. This allowed him to be reasonably sure
that the increasingly moistening sex lips would be able to be kept gaping, as
commanded.

The whip came flashing down and its vicious lash sliced, with unerring accuracy,
into the fully aroused clitoris of the female twin. Her mouth flew open with
shock, and her chest heaved with her anguish. Somehow, she managed not to squeal
out her agony, which must have taken supreme effort, but tears were soon
trickling profusely from the corners of her wide eyes, clear evidence of the
pain she was enduring. The cruel dominator wasted no time in repeating his
brutal punishment and the whip lash smashed into the splayed sex over and over
with no let up, and with ever increasing force.

The vicious man made no attempt to allow his victim to express herself in
response to his actions, as had happened throughout the twins' ordeals to date.
The girl, however, somehow managed to cry out her thanks to him for his
consummate cruelty, and to plead with him to treat  her with even more ferocity.
Her thighs shook with her distress, and her full breasts rose and fell on her
sweating torso as she gasped for breath while the vicious whipping of her
tortured sex continued unabated.

Finally the Master appeared satisfied, and stood back from the naked duo. For a
few seconds the only sounds in the room were the female slave's sobs and pants.
Then the man spoke again:

"Bring the bitch off, hog! Wank her gash slug until her slattern cooze vomits
its dregs!"

The male twin managed to keep his sibling's vulva spread with one set of
fingers, while he grasped her abused clitoris in those of his other hand. He
then began to frig the swollen shaft with rough vigour. The female's state of
sexual agitation was so heightened that it only took about thirty seconds of
this acute stimulation before she climaxed in a frenzy of jerking thighs and
trembling belly and, of course, wildly heaving breasts. Her juices literally
poured from her convulsing sex, and she momentarily lost herself in the fever of
her release.

Once he was sure that the female's climax had run its full course the Master
commanded the twins to resume their postures of submission. Both sated slaves
slipped back down onto their knees and grasped the backs of their heads with
their hands. The penis of the male was once again strongly erect, and arched up
his lean belly proudly, demonstrating to the watching pair of dominants his
amazing capacity for sexual recovery. The quim of his sister remained swollen
and spayed lewdly open, and was drenched with sticky juices, the clitoris still
achingly stiff and fully exposed, despite her barely expired climax.

"These two animals will do nicely, Sir Michael." The visitor commented. "You've
got a deal. I'll buy the pair for the agreed price." With that he reached down
and took hold of a brief case he had had when he entered the room. He opened the
case and began to extract neatly packaged clusters of money. "One million was
the price we negotiated. Wasn't it?" He continued. Sir Michael, sporting a wide
grin of satisfaction. "Of course, Rene!" He declared, "You wont be sorry, I can
assure you. These two are worth every cent, I can promise you." He continued as
he reached out, greedily for the piles of currency being handed to him.

Once the transfer of money had been completed the trembling twins fully realised
that they had just been sold to this cruel dominant. If knowledge of this fact
had had any effect on them they certainly didn't show any visible reaction to
the fact. They remained kneeling submissively before the two men, resigned to
their uncertain futures with stoic acceptance.

The transaction having been completed the two men settled back into their
comfortable seats and sipped at fresh drinks. "Let's have the slaves perform for
us, Rene." The twins' former owner suggested. "I really couldn't care less", The
dominant responded with indifference, "I don't really care whether they are
skilled sexual acrobats. I didn't buy them for that purpose essentially.
However, if you would like to see them in action one last time, who am I to deny
you?" He concluded with a chuckle.

The dark stranger, the twins' new owner, rose from his chair and crossed over to
the storage cupboard he had visited earlier. On his way back to his seat he
dropped three instruments he had retrieved in front of the kneeling twins. The
implements of torment he had dropped were two identical paddles, the size of
table tennis racquets, and one jockey whip that had, instead of the normal
single lash at its business end, three tiny chains, each tipped with a small
metal ball.

On resuming his street he addressed the slaves, "As you no doubt heard, my
little animals, Sir Michael has expressed his desire to see you perform, and I
have acceded to his request. You, bitch, will turn away from us, and get to your
feet with your torso bent down back to the floor with your legs spread wide so
that your arse faces us. Hog, you will then rise up and spear the bitch's slack
arse ring with your slug, and fuck it with the utmost vigour. To ensure that
both of you suffer appropriately for the honour of entertaining us with your
perverted depravity I have equipped you with some toys to play with while you
rut. You, hog, will take up the two paddles, and while you drive your slug in
and out of the bitch's rancid arse pit, you will batter her flying udders with
them with all your might. And you, bitch, while you enjoy the sensations of the
hog's slug reaming out your obscene arse crater, not to mention the exquisite
fire flooding your battered udders, will ensure that his ardor is maintained by
thrashing his swinging nuts with the utmost ferocity with the whip I have
provided for that express purpose. Now, beasts, entertain us, and your
performance had better please us, or you'll learn very quickly what true
suffering means in my terms, and believe me, you won't like it!"

The twins both rose to their feet, their chests heaving with a mixture of
extreme excitement, dreadful fear, and masochistic delight, then quickly took up
the postures that their new owner had described. The female turned away from the
seated dominants and spread her legs wide. When she bent forward and allowed her
head to drop back down towards the floor her beautiful bottom cheeks split wide
baring her anus which was already pouting and twitching in eager anticipation of
its imminent invasion by hot hard penis. Her large breasts drooped down her
torso towards her face, the nipples that graced the creamy mounds as stiff as
steel. She use one hand to steady her body, while the other took possession of
the cruel whip.

Her sibling moved around behind her and straddled her up thrust, widely split
bottom. When he bent forward his achingly stiff penis, its flared head dripping
with the leaking of his extreme arousal, slipped easily into the crevasse
between her buttocks, and the dripping glans was soon nudging at the pout of her
expectant anus. He the reached down and took one of the heavy leather paddles in
each of his hands. All was in readiness for the perverted exhibition to begin.

While the twins were readying themselves for their obscene display Sir Michael
inquired of his guest, "Rene, while the slaves perform would you like to be
attended to?" The dark dominant was silent for a few seconds, contemplating the
suggestion before responding, "Why not, I have a long trip coming up, and it
would take the edge off my lust. Yes, Sir Michael, that would be most
agreeable!" Sir Michael reached out and rang a tiny bell twice, and then settled
back into his seat.

Within seconds of sounding the bell the door to the plush room opened and two
naked slaves, one male and the other female padded into the room. They quickly
knelt before the seated dominants with their foreheads pressed to the floor in
deference to their superiors, while they waited to be instructed. "Which one
would you like to attend to you?" Sir Michael inquired with a smile as he rose
from his seat and armed himself with a long cane.

"I'll use the bitch, if you please." The visitor responded. Sir Michael had, by
this time moved around until he stood behind the two kneeling slaves. He then
addressed them, "You two have been granted the privilege of attending to our
pleasure while we watch the entertainment that those two over there are going to
provide. How do you respond, my little pets?"

The two kneeling slaves replied immediately, and in perfect unison, their voices
clearly betraying their pleasure at what they were being permitted to undertake,
"Sir Michael!" They cried passionately, "We are honoured to have been chosen to
attend to your pleasure, and that of the other divine Master. Please, Sir
Michael, punish us quickly, and with no mercy, so that we may be appropriately
prepared to receive the honour you bestow on us!"

Sir Michael wasted no time in administering to the slaves' pleas. He delivered
six strokes to each one's swaying bottom with all the cruel force he could
muster. The slaves only response to their pain were barely audible whimpers with
each succeeding stripe that decorated their smooth skinned buttocks. As soon as
he had completed his self appointed task Sir Michael resumed his seat,
commenting to his guest as he sat, "I find that slaves suck with much more
passion and enthusiasm when they have well striped arses to contemplate while
they work."

If the guest agreed with this or not is entirely up to speculation as he made no
response, one way or the other, to his host's observation. The two kneeling
slaves immediately moved forward, and had the dominants' penises extracted from
their pants in no time at all, then their warm, wet, submissive tongues began to
lap and lave at the hot hard meat with consummate skill and enthusiasm.

While this was happening the male twin had, with no tenderness whatsoever,
speared the tight ring of sibling's anus with his hot stiff penis, and had
driven the pole of lust deeply into her clenching rectum and commenced to rape
that tormented orifice with no thought for her well-being at all. The female
twin reacted to the abuse of her rear passage with masochistic delight, and
strangely sadistic glee. She swung the whip up at her tormentor's testicles with
all the force that her awkward posture would allow. The small steel balls
pounded the tender flesh of the rutting male's testicles with cruel ferocity,
causing him to grunt and moan with the severity of his hurt.

Never the less, the slave continued to violate his sister's spasming anus with
long full strokes of his heated and swollen penis. At the same time he began to
batter the swinging mounds of her lovely breasts with as much force as he was
able to muster with both of the heavy paddles. The two slaves slaked their lusts
with all the depravity that was in their natures while they joyfully tormented
each other with whip and paddles with as much vicious cruelty as they could
muster. The sounds of their obscene exhibition soon dominated the room. It was
as if they were alone in their lust. They went at each other as if it were a
contest to see which of them could hurt the other more ferociously.

The two seated dominants wallowed in the pleasures of submissive mouths on their
penises while they watched the debauched rape take place before their eyes. They
watched the male twin's huge penis cruelly stretch open his sibling's tormented
anus, and plumb the depths of her rectum; they observed the female's swinging
breasts absorb the violent thrashing they received; they viewed with pleasure
the swollen testicles of the male absorb the strokes of the whip, swelling and
bruising with the ferocity of the attack on them.

The two sucking slaves' mouths were soon filled with hot hard penis as each
worked to passionately bring the dominant they served off. They longed to drink
from superior testicles. They were in submissive heaven, doing what they were
born to do. To bring pleasure to those who ruled them. The scene went on for
almost half an hour before Sir Michael became the first to succumb to the
supreme talents of the male slave whore sucked him, and filled that slave's
adoring mouth with a veritable flood of rich creamy semen which the overjoyed
slave drank with sublime happiness.

The visitor took only a minute or so longer to surrender to the talents of the
female slave sucking on him so lasciviously. He too, flooded her gulping gullet
with his aromatic load which she too gulped down devotedly. At about this time
the male twin lost control of his own sexuality, and with a squeal of sheer
rapture, emptied his pain filled testicles into his sister's spasming rectum,
deluging that hot dark hole in an ocean of boiling semen. He continued to rape
her distended anus with all his might until every drop of his sexual issue had
been wrung from his exploding penis. Then both slaves collapsed, exhausted, onto
the floor in a heap of sated, sweat soaked meat.

The group took a few minutes to recover their senses after such a cataclysmic
scene, then the dark stranger spoke, "That was entertaining, but I now have to
prepare for the trip home." Sir Michael dismissed the pleasure slaves who padded
from the room their tongues still busy getting the last evidence of the sexual
repast they had partook of from their lips. Sir Michael rose from his seat to
the request from his guest, "Would you arrange for my trunk to brought in,
please?"

Sir Michael left the room, leaving the twins, and their new owner alone. The
dark dominant got up and snapped at his new chattels, first to the male, "Hog,
clean out the bitch's rancid arse pit, then get her gash slug stiff!", then to
the girl, "Bitch, clean the hog's slug, and get it stiff again. It's time to
prepare you for your journey to your fate!"




chapter 1 - journey into the unknown - June's story

My breasts ached savagely from John's paddling of their soft masses. My anus
tingled with the insistent questing of his long, hot tongue as he endeavored to
empty my rectum of the flood of semen he had just flooded it with. I tongued his
softened penis diligently, cleaning it of all evidence of our recent session,
making sure that his bruised testicles too, were scrupulously cleaned off. When
this had been done I worked to get him stiff again, as I had been commanded to
do by our new owner.

My mind was filled with the excitement, and terrified dread of what had just
transpired. Sir Michael had sold us! And to a sadist who seemed to be so much
crueler than any I had ever been exposed to before. Despite my terror I knew
that this was what I wanted, indeed yearned for with all my heart. Entering into
the unknown, with no control, and no hope of changing my fate. It was a
masochist's delight, and had my submissive juices flowing as they had never
flowed before. I was sure that John's state of mind would be a perfect
reflection of my own. If anything he is even more submissively attuned than I,
if that could be believed.

Our new owner was a far cry from Sir Michael, from what had transpired so far.
The deliciously humiliating mode with which he addressed us, as though we were
nothing but animals to him, with no human characteristics whatsoever, and more
importantly, no rights or privileges. My cheeks were still burning with the
shame of it, and my pussy remained drenched with the juices of my submissive
lust. I could see clearly that John felt the same delightful degradation. His
penis was as stiff as steel once again, almost before I had engulfed its fleshy
column in my eager mouth. I sucked it until it throbbed in my mouth, before
reluctantly releasing it to stand proud and rigid up against his lean belly.

I sighed with pleasure while John's soft tongue teased my clitoris until it was
hard and tingled deliciously, and my pussy again leaked copiously. The door to
the room opened and a leather clad servant dragged a large trunk into the room,
placing it to one side of where John and I were working to arouse our lusts, as
had been commanded by our new owner. He rose from his seat, where he had been
monitoring our efforts the whole time in complete silence.

"Stand, beasts!" His order rapped out, "Arms behind you!" We struggled to our
feet and stood side by side with our arms behind our backs. John's strongly
erect penis stood out from his hairless crotch displaying his arousal fully,
while my pussy lips were swollen, damp, and slightly splayed giving clear
evidence of my own stimulation, my clitoral shaft over half exposed at the apex
of my sex split.

Our Master strode over to us and opened the lid of the large trunk. He took out
a pair of rubber gloves which he quickly put on. I flushed with shame, obviously
our new owner had no intention of soiling himself on our flesh, it was so
gorgeously degrading! Next he took out two gags which he wasted no time in
attaching to our mouths. The gags were in the form of stubby penises, and almost
completely filled our mouths once they had been strapped to our faces. The
hollow inside of the rubber mass allowed my tongue to move a little, and I soon
got used to the rubbery taste of the gag. The centre of each of the gags was
graced with a small hole. I thought that this must be to allow us to breath more
easily. I was later to be disavowed of this notion in the most debasing fashion.

The Master next retrieved two sets of supple leather mittens from the trunk.
These mittens were designed to capture both hands and to press them tightly
together. He quickly, and efficiently enclosed our hands in these and laced them
up tightly. It's strange how you miss little things when they are denied you.
Once the mittens were on I was unable to even wriggle my fingers, and now I
found that the one thing I wished to do, above all else, was to wriggle my
fingers, and this was now denied me. How awful!

Once our hands had been attended to our owner extracted four single straps from
the trunk. He attached one of these to each of our elbows in sort of slip knots.
The free ends of the straps were then drawn around our torsos and pulled
excruciatingly tight before being buckled together. The result was that our arms
were efficiently bound and rendered immovable. We had been totally denied the
use, or even any small movement of both our hands and our arms once the Master
had completed this task.

Our Master then drew two bizarre harnesses from his trunk. I could only imagine
what these were going to be used for while I watched him prepare them. He
attended to John first. The harness was strapped to his nudity at his neck,
torso and thighs by a series of supple leather straps that bit into his flesh
where they were tightened sufficiently to ensure that no slippage was possible.
When the Master was satisfied he stood back to inspect his work, tugging at the
strange harness ensuring that it was securely attached, and would not slip from
its position.

It was weird, but now that it was strapped to John's body I had an inkling as to
its bizarre purpose. It consisted of three kind of hollow bulges. Two small ones
over his pectorals and a much larger one over his belly. Within the large belly
bulge John's long thick achingly erect penis stood, as if suspended in a
capsule. The Master tightened two ring like straps at the bases of the two
higher bulges which caused his pectorals muscles to be constricted around their
bases, which in turn, of course, caused his nipples to harden and swell
slightly. I could only imagine what the effect would be on my breasts when this
was done to me.

The Master then quickly attached the other harness to my body, and I found out
just what I had been imagining. The straps tightened around the bases of the
full mounds of my breasts caused them to swell slightly, but more significantly,
to stand out from my chest within the hollow spaces of the bulges without
actually touching any of the stays that formed the outer shells of them. My
imagination ran wild with the purpose of these bizarre things had been strapped
on us, but the possibilities were endless, and exciting in the extreme.

The bulbs enclosing my breasts were then adjusted so that there was plenty of
clearance between their outer lattice work construction and the flesh of my
orbs. The Master then turned his attention back to John. He took two small screw
clamps which he placed over each of his tiny nipples and then tightened them
securely so that the nipples swelled further and reddened. Similar clamps were
attached to my own nipples causing them to swell and harden even more. I don't
know about John, but I found the clamps more annoying than actually painful,
which was just as well when I fully understood their cruel purpose, but more of
that later.

Our Master next retrieved a number of bizarre looking items from the trunk and
crouched before John. He first took a small leather strap and reached into the
interior of the large bulb over John's belly. He grasped John's bulging
testicles firmly in one hand and then wrapped the strap around their base. When
he tightened the strap it caused John's tender testicles to swell and bulge out
obscenely from the base of his pulsing sex stalk. Finally he took a small metal
ring clamp with which he enclosed the base of that magnificent shaft. When he
tightened this ring I could see that it was designed to keep the organ
perpetually erect, while still allowing it to ejaculate and, I suppose, urinate.

Master took a small rubber cap like item to which he quickly applied a liquid
substance to its lower edge. He then carefully positioned this cap over the tip
of John's penis, precisely inserting the tip of a small tube which protruded
from the centre of the clear rubber cap into John's penis slit. He then pressed
the edges of the cap to the flesh of the glans, and I realised that he must have
coated it with glue for, after a few seconds he tested the weld and was
satisfied to find that it was securely attached. Finally he extracted a long
clear rubber tube, with a small bulb of black rubber at its centre, from the
trunk. One end was fixed to the cap covering the glans, and the other was fixed
to the hole in the centre of John's gag, and a series of tapes fixed the tube to
the skin on john's chest, including the black bulging instrument at its centre,
which was taped securely to the centre of his chest, to keep it in place.

It was now my turn. Master took an equally bizarre apparatus for me from the
trunk. He prepared me first by using a cloth to wipe away most of the moisture
that flooded my sex. He worked quickly, before my swollen, aroused pussy could
leak fresh juice. Firstly my stiff clitoris was clamped at its base to ensure
that the delicate little shaft was not only kept erect, but also kept completely
exposed from its sheath of foreskin. Then he glued a cap that enclosed my entire
sex, except for the clitoral shaft, to the sex, taking extreme care to ensure
that it would not slip, nor would any of my juices be allowed to escape from its
confines. A similar rubber tube, with its associated bulb, connected this cap
with the gag in my mouth.

The dark dominant rose up and inspected the work he had done on our bodies so
far, smiling with satisfaction while testing each of the attachments which now
adorned our naked bodies one last time. He then took out a series of weird
apparatus. Again he attended to John first, and I watched with dread and
fascination as what he was doing unfolded. Firstly he attached two, what looked
like little electric motors to the further sides of the cage like bulges on his
chest. But it was what hung from the spindle of each of these motors that really
caused alarm, not to mention excitement. A thin wire, possibly four inches long
hung from each. At the tip if each wire was a tiny, shiny metal ball. The Master
took each wire in turn, and adjusted its length until the ball reached exactly
to John's clamped and swollen nipple. When he was satisfied he pointed a remote
control at John and pressed a button on it. John's eyes widened in shock as the
spindles whirred so fast as to become almost invisible, and his nipples were
flayed unmercifully by the metal balls on the ends of the wires. I could only
imagine what pain this was causing him.

The Master then took another of these little motors and attached it to the base
strut of John's belly bulge. This one was slightly different in that it had a
half a dozen wires attached to its spindle. When he had adjusted the length of
these wires the balls were designed to flay John's sensitive testicles, the
lengths varying so that all of the tender orbs would feel the pain. When the
Master tested this device I noticed, with a sense of horror, that it was
designed to spin half of its wires in one direction, and the other half in the
other. This, of course, meant that both the top and bottom halves of John's
testicles would be flayed. It was obviously designed to inflict the maximum pain
possible. John's, slight, muffled groans, barely audible above the almost silent
hum of the motor, gave clear evidence of the agony he was subjected to when this
motor was tested.

When the button was released the wires hung limply in the cage like bulge, and
the Master took up one final motorised item which he attached to the front stay
of the cage. He wrapped a one inch soft latex sleeve around the stem of John's
stiff, throbbing penis so that it fit snugly, but not too tightly, like a
collar. At the front side of this rubber collar a small arm of shiny metal
connected it to a slot attached to the motor. It didn't take a genius to see
what the purpose of this device was to be. When Master tested it the sleeve
sensuously slid up and down John's pulsating penis, efficiently and impersonally
masturbating the lust stalk.

Master then once again turned his attentions back to me. He attached the two
motorised flails to my chest bulbs and my heart raced when he tested these, and
my excruciatingly sensitised nipples were flooded with acute hurt as they were
cruelly flayed by the spinning balls. A motor was attached to the front of my
belly cage and, when tested, its single ball scourged my achingly stiff clitoral
stalk with consummate cruelty that soon had me squealing silently into my gag.
Finally a much smaller version of the sleeve that had been fixed to John's
penile shaft was carefully fixed to the base of my throbbing clitoris, and it
would masturbate me, when activated, with the same impersonal effectiveness as
the one attached to John's penis.

My heart was pounding with both lust and masochistic euphoria. We were caught in
hopeless bondage with our acutely aroused bodies rigged up to have both the
cruelest of punishment, and the most exquisite pleasure inflicted on them, with
us having absolutely no control over which would occur, and for how long we
would be forced to endure. It is so gorgeous to be so helpless and under the
immaculate control of another, to have to accept the whim of a superior without
the ability to call for mercy, let alone to rebel against our fate. It was so
delicious, and my mind and body were both consumed by it.

The Master, having inspected and tested all of his preparations one last time,
reached again into the trunk. He withdrew two rubber discipline helmets. He took
care of our long blond tresses then encased our heads in the helmets, which
wound up fitting us like a second skin. They had another effect which was
thrilling in its purpose. That was to actually deafen us. I couldn't hear a
thing once the helmet was on, and the heat it generated in my face and head was
palpable.

Master then drew two flowing robes from the trunk and draped them over our
bizarrely adorned bodies. When on the robes covered us from head to toe, and I
realised with a blush of shame that we both looked like heavily pregnant women.
Moslem type veils were fixed to our rubber encased heads and face veils covered
all evidence of our helmets. We were finally prepared, covered from head to
foot, and looking for all the world like a couple of pregnant Moslem women,
which I now realised was the point of the whole exercise.

The Master lifted the internal phone handset and I saw his lips move as he spoke
to some unseen person. A few seconds later the door opened and a leather clad
attendant entered the room. He dragged the heavy, now empty, trunk out, and our
Master signaled us to follow him. John and I walked out after the imperious
dominant and , for the last time, we left the mansion that had been both our
home, and prison, for the last three years.

We walked out of the front doors and our eyes were dazzled by the bright sun
after so long in the dimly lit interior of the mansion. A large stretch
limousine waited in front of the building and we were quickly bundled into its
spacious interior. We sat opposite our new owner in complete silence, and
acutely aware of our bizarrely prepared nudity hidden under the shapeless robes.
The Master, once the big vehicle had moved off, pointed at us with his elaborate
remote control device. He pressed a button and I was surprised to feel my mouth
expand, and, while not actually receiving any liquid it was obvious that, from
the vacuum like effect I felt in my pussy as well, that somehow my pussy was
being milked, and the result was being drawn through the tube that connected it
to my gag. The reaslisation of this almost made my pussy flood with the evidence
of my arousal. The Master had taken his finger off the button by this time, and
I was almost disappointed that my mouth had not been permitted to savour the
evidence of my sexual stimulation, and submissive elation.

The rest of the trip was uneventful, with our owner ignoring us completely, and
we sitting quietly in our bizarre bondage, acutely aware of our concentrated
sexual stimulation. After a half an hour or so the car pulled up and the door
was opened and we found ourselves at the concourse of the airport. Master
assisted us to alight from the vehicle and we quickly assumed our roles as
Moslem women, and we walked quickly into the terminal and found a departure
lounge that said that the destination of the flight it was to service was Paris.
We were going to France.

Master took care of ticketing and customs, and I wondered how he had managed to
get passports that would not be questioned for John and I. However, it soon
became evident that we would not be inconvenienced by bureaucratic interference.
Our flight was called almost as soon as we had arrived and John and I soon found
ourselves seated in first class opposite our new owner. He had, I supposed, made
the cabin staff aware that John and I were not to be disturbed, for while he was
offered refreshment, we were ignored.

The plane took off and Master waited until a particularly lovely flight
attendant was serving him to subject us to our first ordeal. He smirked
sadistically at us while thumbing a button on his carefully concealed remote
control. My sex exploded in pleasure while the tiny rubber sleeve masturbated my
tingling clitoral shaft with exquisite sensuality. My thighs trembled almost
visibly with the sheer intensity of the pleasure coursing through me. The flight
attendant must have suspected that something unusual was happening to John and
I, probably because our eyes were betraying us. I, of course, could only surmise
that my brother was being subjected to the same erotic torment that was being
inflicted on me.

The flight attendant hovered over us, her eyes till showing concern while my
spasming pussy flooded its containing cap with the juices of my lust. Master,
noting the interest of the girl tapped her on the shoulder to get her attention.
He then whispered something in her ear. The girl's eyes widened with shock at
what she had heard. Master persisted, perhaps seeing in the beautiful attendant,
if not a kindred spirit, at least a person of considerable sensuality, and the
confidence and desire to act on her instincts.

Master handed her the remote control and pointed out which button to press. The
attendant grinned at him and pointing the device towards us, pressed the button.
My fevered brain exploded in agony as the balls began to flay my spasming
clitoris, and also to batter my aching nipples with ferocious cruelty. In my
fevered response I was actually able to note the reaction of my brother to what
must have been his agony in a pendant that swung from the attendant's neck.
Almost immediately that my suffering began my pussy exploded in uncontrollable
orgasm. My juices poured from my convulsing sex while my clitoris throbbed with
hurt.

I came and came! It was as though my climax had taken complete control of my
being. Nothing but agony and ecstasy existed. Had I have been capable of it, I
would have been squealing in rapture. But, of course, I was gagged and not a
sound escaped from me. The heavy folds of my gown also disguised the fact that
my belly and thighs were shuddering wildly. The attendant had worked out, if she
hadn't actually been told by Master what was going on beneath our covering, for
she grinned broadly, keeping her finger firmly pressed to the button. All we
could do was suffer our agonised climaxes in total silence.

I had almost lost consciousness before the button was finally released, and the
flaying of my clitoris and nipples ceased. I collapsed back into my seat, not
even realising that I had tensed up so much that I was teetering on the edge of
the seat while my orgasm consumed me. John too leant back, the front of his robe
rising and falling with his panting breath no doubt brought on by the fact that
he too had been subjected to a pain climax of the same intensity as I.

Once we had come down from our incredible sexual highs the attendant left to
take care of other passengers, and our Master settled down to read. A few
minutes later my clitoris once again began to be erotically masturbated, and I
sat quietly while my sexual tension slowly built again. All of a sudden my mouth
was flooded with the juices of my sex, and my pussy felt as if it were being
sucked dry by the most voracious mouth imaginable. I helplessly gulped down my
own juices as they flowed into my mouth through me gag. This lasted for thirty
seconds or so, until my spasming pussy had no more to surrender, then ceased as
abruptly as it had started.

The exquisite sexual torment however, continued unabated until my sex once again
convulsed in shattering climax. Even then it didn't stop, and I found myself
coming again and again. After each two or three climaxes my mouth would receive
the liquids of sexual ecstasy, and I drank deeply on each occasion as much
through sheer joy as through the fact that I had no choice in the matter. My
taste buds, and all my other senses became attuned to my own sex, and nothing
else. I did wonder how my suffering brother would be feeling for, as highly
sexed as he was, if he were being subjected to climaxes at anything like the
rate I was then it would have been becoming sheer torture for him.

Well into the flight it became dark, and many passengers took the opportunity to
sleep. Not us, however, and certainly not our Master. The attendant reappeared
quietly, and drew the privacy curtain around our set of seats, as if attending
to our needs. But instead of leaving the lovely girl joined us. I noted that her
uniform looked a little different, disheveled almost. She took a seat next to
Master, then I realised why she looked different. Her blouse was undone from
neck to waist, and she no longer wore her stockings. Master put his arm around
her and slowly undid the buttons of her jacket. He then drew out her large soft
breasts and began to play with them to her almost silent sighs of pleasure. Soon
her nipples were stiff and red and her painted lips gaped with pleasure.

After a few minutes Master whispered something to the girl and her lips split in
a wide, lustful grin. She rose from the seat and shuffled over to us. My cheeks
burned with embarrassment when the flight attendant bent down before me, her
lovely heavy breasts swaying erotically with her languid movements. I gazed at
her breasts, yearning to suckle on the stiff succulent nipples capping their
creamy masses. She grasped the hem of my heavy robe and drew it up to my
shoulders folding it against the seat, and bared completely, my bizarrely
adorned body.

I felt my cheeks burn with delicious shame while the attendant's eyes first
widened with sheer shock at what she had revealed, then danced with lustful
excitement. Her smile broadened as she reached down and repeated the process
with John. As she revealed his astonishing nudity her eyes widened even further
while she took in his bulging, captive testicles and long thick erect penis
seeming suspended in their large cage.

Once she was sure that our robes would not slip back down and cover the depraved
sight of our nudity's, she rejoined Master in the seats across from us, and sat
next to him once again. He resumed his casual mauling of her soft breasts after
handing her the remote control. I noted, from the state of John's swollen
testicles that he must not have been subjected to the countless climaxes that
had been relentlessly wrenched from my own sex, otherwise the fleshy bulbs would
surely have been slack and empty.

The girl pressed the button that began yet another bout of sensuous masturbating
for me. I squealed in ecstasy, but silently, into my gag when the sleeve frigged
my stiff, aching clitoris, and watched the larger rubber collar strop John's
swollen penis in long languid strokes. While the two of them watched us suffer
our sexual torment with casual interest, the attendant opened Master's fly and
extracted his lovely penis from his trousers and began to stroke its hardening
length with her small hand. Master swept her skirt aside, and soon his fingers
were rummaging around in the excited girl's hairy grotto, his thumb insistently
flicking at her burgeoning clitoris.

After ten minutes or so I began to climax wildly yet again. While I wallowed in
my pleasure I watched John's penis erupt. Stream after stream of creamy semen
spurted from its flared tip until the tube taped to his belly was filled with
it, right up to the black bulb taped to his chest. Our thighs shuddered with the
intensity of our pleasure. Our climaxes, however, soon ran out of steam, and the
masturbators again commenced to stimulate us all over again, slowly, but
inevitably rebuilding up our sexual arousal.

By this time Master was expertly frigging the beautiful attendant's stiff
clitoris, and her knowing fingers were equally busy wanking his now rigid penis.
With a gentle urging Master forced his lover's head downwards and she, with the
minimum of reluctance, allowed her mouth to be drawn to his raging erection. I
watched with envy when the girl's lips closed around the head of my owner's
excited penis, and her soft tongue lapped wetly over the flared glans. I looked
at John's eyes after a few seconds and smiled inwardly at the look of sheer
yearning that emanated from his wide eyes. I know that John's greatest joy is to
be subjected to pain suffering and humiliation, but a close second is to have
his lips and tongue work on a stiff, hot, virile, manly penis. Because he is not
a homosexual I suspect that he feels the deepest sense of submission and
disgrace when his mouth is packed with the hot hard penis of another male.

We watched the pretty attendant suck our owner off while our own bodies were
stimulated to the point where we were once again at the peak of lust. Master,
despite his own nearing orgasm, and once he noted this, stopped the devices from
actually bringing us off. He allowed his lover to work him over the edge, and I
watched while she drained his testicles, swallowing his issue down like the
consummate hedonist she had proved to be. Her throat bobbed wildly while she
drank from the spurting penis, not allowing a single drop of Master's rich hot
creamy semen to escape from her avid mouth.

As soon as his climax had ran its course Master lifted the girl's mouth from his
spent penis and turned her body around before him. He gave her the remote,
indicating to her which button she was to press. He then bent her forward and
buried his face between her shapely slender thighs and began to suck
passionately on her flowing sex. The girl, eyes bright with sheer sexual
excitement, groaned at us and pressed the button. My pussy erupted in agony
when, once again the little metal ball began to flay my hugely stimulated
clitoris with utter mercilessness.

Wave after wave of pure pain assailed me and I wallowed in the absolute ecstatic
nature of my acute suffering. At the same time, of course, John's trapped and
defenseless testicles were scourged with equal ferocity, and his muscular thighs
shuddered with the intensity of his suffering. The girl demonstrated her innate
cruelty by keeping the button depressed for the entire period that it took
Master to suck her flowing sex to climax. At the same instant that her sex
convulsed with pleasure so too did my own tormented pussy explode, and John's
penis also erupted in a pain induced climax. We surrendered to ecstatic agony
while our juices again poured out in torrents. The attendant again demonstrated
her sadistic cruelty by ensuring that we suffered for the full duration of both
hers, and our shattering climaxes. Despite my own misery I was able to note that
John's sated testicles had softened significantly, and the balls that
relentlessly whipped then were causing their masses to now flop around at the
base of his perpetually rigid pole.

Master Lifted the flight attendant up by her waist and settled her over his lap.
His penis, once again stiff after he had feasted on his lover's sex for so long,
slipped easily into her welcoming vagina and he languidly fucked her for twenty
or so minutes while we watched with a mixture of envy and lust, not to mention
relief as we were not being subjected to either pain or pleasure this time. In
fact, I was finding it difficult to remain awake, given the continual excesses I
had been subjected to for hours and hours on end.

Finally the two lovers surrendered to their pleasure and both climaxed. The
attendant rose from Master's lap and hastily rearranged her uniform and made
ready to leave. Before she slipped from the curtained area she replaced our
robes over our bodies, her eyes dancing mischievously as she mocked us. She then
drew the curtain aside and disappeared into the cabin, no doubt to resume her
duties. Master smiled at us and then closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep.
We too were grateful to be permitted to rest and, almost before I knew it I was
sound asleep.




chapter 2 - the chateau - john's story

I slowly came awake to the exquisite sensations of my rigid cock being slowly
and sensuously masturbated. It took me a few seconds before I reasilsed where I
was, then it all came back to me with a rush, and my throbbing prick pulsed
madly in reaction. My aching balls again felt tight and full while I relived the
events of the last twenty four hours or so. The shame and degradation of being
sold. The sheer sexual excitement of being forced to come in public, not to
mention to drink my own ball cream on each occasion. The humiliation of being
exposed to a flight attendant, as a slave, for her amusement. But most of all
the sheer masochistic delight of having my sensitive balls so relentlessly, and
savagely punished.

My sister sat beside me, no doubt with similar thoughts dominating her mind, for
she too had been subjected to the same mixture of sexual lust and severe
punishment as I. Master was awake but taking no notice of us, even when knowing
that our sexuality was being relentlessly stimulated. The plane was approaching
its landing and my mind was alive to the unknown fate that awaited me. The only
thing that I was sure of was that our lives were about to change dramatically. I
strongly suspected that our new owner would be taking us to a completely knew
level of erotic submission and abject slavery that could not have even been
imagined under the care of Sir Michael. My brain soared with it. My masochistic
makeup was alive with anticipation and longing. This Master was surely to prove
to be the ultimate in cruelty and debauched imagination, with the means to
satisfy his own dominant urges without any form of restraint. At least I prayed
that this was to be so.

The plane touched down smoothly, and taxied to the terminal. Passengers all
around us were preparing to disembark. We sat patiently waiting, our dreadful
excitement growing every minute until I thought I would bust with anticipation.
Finally Master signaled to us to rise, which we did with some awkwardness
because of our bondage. We then followed him into the concourse, playing the
parts of submissive Moslem wives to perfection.

We were met by man who from his mode of dress was obviously Master's chauffeur.
He led us from the airport to a big black stretch limousine. We were soon safely
seated in the opulent cabin of the vehicle, and on our way to god knows where.
The relentless masturbation of my throbbing penis recommenced as the car glided
through the city. I sat quietly, as if I had any choice, and endured the
stimulation. Master continued to ignore us, examining papers that had awaited
him when we entered the car. Although we couldn't hear anything I saw him make
numerous phone calls throughout the trip.

We left the city after a half an hour or so, and the car glided through open
country on a major highway for another hour or more before it turned off onto a
country road. Twenty minutes later we turned off into a tree lined track and
slowed down. The car moved on for a further ten minutes before a magnificent
mansion, set in immaculately kept gardens, came into view. I marveled at the
sheer size and beauty of the chateau.

As soon as the big vehicle drew to a halt, and the chauffeur opened the door to
the rear cabin, Master collected his papers and got out. A few minutes later a
man, dressed in the livery of a seventeenth century servant, poked his head into
the cabin had signaled June and I to get out. I realised, with a shock of
wonder, that the man's uniform was made entirely of fine rubber when I was able
to more closely see it, as I clumsily alighted from the car. Once both June and
I stood on the pavement the car pulled away and we were beckoned to follow the
servant.

We followed the rubber clad man around a path than ran along the side of the
chateau until we came to what was obviously the tradesman's entrance. We were
quickly shepherded inside and found ourselves in a corridor, with had a polished
wooden floor, that was dimly lit. The air was pleasantly cool, and even this
bare passage promised luxury and opulence that we had never seen before. We
followed the footman down this passage until we came to another door which he
opened for us, and prodded us through.

I found that we had entered a large room, painted almost entirely white, and
well lit. I blushed furiously when I found that two cells formed the greater
part of the room. The cells were exactly like those you would find in prison,
except that bars formed three of the walls. The interiors of each cell had
merely an open toilet and a narrow bunk as their furnishings and each had a
chain hanging from above the small bunk. I suspected that these cells were to be
our permanent home when we were not being used. The sheer finality of it
propagated a deep sense of submissive acceptance in my mind.

The footman wasted no time in stripping off our robes. In a clinical and
impersonal way he stripped the bizarre cages from our naked bodies. I was not
surprised when he removed the clamp from the base of my prick that it remained
erect, for my state of mind was so acutely attuned to the humiliation of my
submissive circumstances, that I would actually have felt shamed beyond belief
if it had softened . I noted that June's succulent pussy was still obviously wet
after she too had been stripped completely, and knew that she was experiencing
the same feelings of gorgeous submission that I was.

Our arms were freed from their bondage, but this was only fleeting. No sooner
had they been freed than the footman quickly taped our wrists together behind
our backs with strong rubber tapes, then , with similar tapes circled our elbows
together until they touched at the centres of our backs. The footman, having
removed our helmets then, in broken English, ordered us to a door on the far
side of our prison. We padded through this door and found ourselves in a
communal bathing facility. Privacy was not an issue in the bathroom. All was
completely open, and awaiting us there were two more rubber uniformed servants.
These two were female, and their uniforms, ridiculously short skirts, vests that
left the greater proportions of their breasts bare, and fine rubber stockings
that encased their shapely legs, were exquisitely erotic. Each wore her long
hair in a pony tail, and was heavily made up.

Two showers were turned on and adjusted until the streaming waters were piping
hot. We were then urged under the flows and the two female servants began to
thoroughly bath our bodies. The girls were quick and efficient in their task,
and completely impersonal, even when soaping the strongly erect shaft of my
cock. Our arse holes were thoroughly cleaned out and then we were subjected to
almost painful cleansing enemas. Our hair was washed and shampooed at the end of
our baths.

We were then dried off and our hair blown dry and brushed out until the tresses
gleamed. The two girls then took us from the bathroom and into another room
which was obviously our dressing room since it was equipped with plenty of
storage cupboards, and had two vanity areas. We were sat down and our faces were
made up by our attendants. I blushed furiously while makeup was applied to my
beardless features (My beard had been permanently removed, along with the rest
of my body hair while I was under Sir Michael's care), as I always did when
being painted up like a woman.

The servant transformed my features into those of a woman, albeit a sluttish
one. Ruby red lips, deep black eye makeup, and rosy blush for my cheeks. Tiny
rings were inserted in June's pussy lips, then a small clear perspex circle was
threaded through them. When the circle was completed it served to spread the
lips of her pussy wide open and I could already see her prominent clitoris
responding to its obscene exposure. The serving girl added to June's excitement
by reaching down and gently frigging that little organ until it was fully erect
and throbbed with pleasure, and the exposed meat of her sex slot showed a
glistening of her moisture.

The girl who had been preparing me reached down into my crotch and sexily
stropped my semi erect prick with cool efficiency. Needless to say within thirty
seconds I was erect and throbbing in response. Then she attached a cock and ball
ring to me. Once this was securely strapped in place it served to enclose and
separate my swollen balls, and encased the base of my standing prick snugly,
allowing ejaculation, but no subsequent softening.

When they were finished these servants were dismissed by the supervising
footman. He then placed discipline helmets over our heads. These helmets left
the lower halves of our faces, from just below the eyes, bare, but covered the
rest of our skulls completely. For the moment we could see, for large holes in
the helmets corresponded to our eyes, as others did at our ears.

Once again this was only fleeting, for patches were soon attached to the eye
holes and I was plunged into total darkness. Then plugs were forced into my
ears, making me absolutely deaf as swell. My mouth was prised open and a large
penis gag thrust down my gulping throat and strapped in place. I felt cuffs
being put on my ankles. Finally I felt cuffs being firmly strapped to my legs,
just above the knees, and a spreader bar being fixed to them, ensuring that my
thighs were kept well spread

The next thing I felt, for this was the only sense left to me, was the firm
touch of what was obviously the business end of a whip on the skin of my bottom.
I clearly recognised that the man was using this as a means of showing me what
to do. I stepped forward in response, and found that I had also been hobbled,
and could only take steps of about a foot in distance. This, together with the
spreader bar forced me to waddle humiliatingly with my strongly erect prick
swaying hotly and lewdly before me. What a sight I must have made! I hobbled
off, turning when the whip lash touched a shoulder, the right or left, depending
in which direction was required.

You can not imagine how helpless I felt at this time. It is a completely alien
environment, to be shepherded around by the flick of a whip, not knowing where
you are or where you are going. I realised how a deaf, dumb and blind person
must feel except, of course, I had all of my senses in reality, and so my brain
was not naturally compensating for disability. But what was most deliciously
degrading, of course, was the blatant, and obscene display of my sexuality to
any and all who might see me. My rouged cheeks flushed hotly, and my swaying
prick pulsed wildly with the sheer embarrassment, and deliciously submissive
rapture coursing through me.

The whip lash touched my chest which I naturally interpreted as a signal to
stop, and did so. Then it landed firmly on my shoulder, and I dutifully sank to
my widely spread knees. A few seconds later I sensed a change in the air
temperature, and realised that June and I must have been kneeling before a door.
The whip lash then tapped my bottom insistently and I responded by shuffling
forward on my knees, struggling to maintain my balance.

Shuffling in this fashion, of course, accentuated the swaying of my obscenely
erect cock, and would have been making my display even more sexually depraved to
anyone seeing me. I reveled in my shame and subservient decadence. We were
guided by the footman to what appeared to be a rubber surface, obviously a mat
of some sort, and positioned on it. Then we were left alone. I knelt, completely
deprived of all senses, for what seemed to be hours, although the passing of
time didn't seem to me much to me. My imagination ran wild as to what might be
happening around me. Was I in a room full of people who were mocking my
perverted display, or was I completely alone, left to my own fears and dread. I
sincerely hoped that it was the later.

Nothing happened for ages. I lost all track of time and would have, no doubt,
lost my erection had it not been for the cock ring that prevented this from
happening. I almost jumped out of my skin in fright when a gloved hand suddenly
cupped my swollen balls and squeezed them quite painfully. I was not alone after
all! Over the next indeterminable period my body was prodded and pinched, my
genitals impersonally handled by numerous sets of hands, all obviously gloved. I
assumed that June was also being subjected to the same ordeal. I accepted it
with growing excitement, not that I had any say in it of course.

After a long time, at least to my mind, I was yet again left entirely alone.
Suddenly the patches covering my eyes were removed. I blinked rapidly, to clear
away the tears that flowed as the light hit my eyes. Eventually I was again able
to see clearly. I blushed to see that my new owner was seated on a raised throne
like seat a few feet away, and in front of my kneeling nudity. June's eye
patches had also been removed, I supposed, for I was careful not to look around
me.

Next the plugs were removed from my ears and, since there were no others, other
than the Master, and the footman attending to us in the room, it was still
almost noiseless. I could, however, hear the breathing of June, kneeling next to
me, and the padding sound of the footman as he silently went about his duties.
When he had eventually retired to our rear, Master addressed us:

"Depraved beasts," He said in mocking tones, "Now that the members have been
given the opportunity to inspect your carcasses it is time to acquaint you as to
your roles in our little society. Firstly I will explain to you where you sit in
the hierarchy of the Chateau, and what this involves for you."

He clapped his hands twice, and eight figures filed into the room, four males,
and four females. They were all attired in silks and satins, and were
exquisitely beautiful. The females wore long skirts and loose bodices, and the
males silk shirts and loose pants. They moved in single file until they stood in
a line a couple of feet away from, and in front of us.

"These delectable creatures are our whores." Master announced. "Their sole
purpose is to sexually service members when they require that kind of service.
Each one has been trained in the provision of erotic pleasure to a degree that
defies imagination. As well as being consummate harlots they are also, of
course, slaves. Their performance is always closely monitored, and even the most
insignificant complaint from a member about their performance results in severe
punishment. Needless to say, they are so highly skilled in the wanton arts, and
so immaculately dedicated to lascivious behavior, that this almost never
happens. These slaves are under contract to the chateau, and generally leave
once they have fulfilled the terms of their contracts. This ensures that the
whores are turned over often enough to keep the members interested."

Master nodded to the female whore at the end of the lineup and ordered, "Show
yourself to the bitch, whore!" The beautiful girl moved out of line and stood
before June. She swept her skirt aside to reveal a pussy of stunning beauty,
long lipped and plump, completely hairless, and swollen with arousal, nestling
between shapely thighs of alabaster. She shrugged her shoulders and her top
dropped away to reveal a set of exquisite breasts, full but not too large, and
capped with pink nipples that were long and hard. She pirouetted to show off a
pair of voluptuous buttocks before turning back to June. I was sure that my
little sister was beside herself with longing when faced with such sensual
beauty.

"My whores are highly sexed, and there are not always members in attendance to
use them. Because of this I will be permitting the females to use your mouth,
bitch, to relieve their sexual tensions whenever they feel the need. You,
however, must earn the right to this privilege. You will, after a whore has
signaled that she wishes to use you, seek out the nearest footman, and then
present him with a tit whip. You will be able to retrieve such and implement
anywhere in the chateau from the racks such as that one over there," He
explained, pointing to a long low rack from which hung numerous pain giving
instruments of varying designs, "As there are plenty of such storage racks
scattered throughout the chateau, and gardens. You will approach the nearest
footman and, after an appropriate display of submission, present him with the
chosen whip, then offer your fat tits up for punishment. Once the footman is
satisfied that your udders are suffering sufficient torment he will return the
whip to you. After you have returned the whip to its rack you will then approach
the whore who wants to use you. You will display your tits to her so that she
might confirm that you have earned the right to service her, then she will allow
you to consummate that service, for as long as she feels the need."

The Master paused for a moment, to allow the intent of his speech to sink in,
then continued, "Of course, a member might also find it amusing to watch you
used in this way. Should this be the case you will follow the same method
except, instead of seeking out a footman, you will allow the member to attend to
the punishment of your floppy tits." The whore, once the dissitation was over,
made to return to her position in the lineup. She allowed her skirts to fall
back down over her legs, and pulled her bodice back up, covering her magnificent
breasts. When she was half way back to her position Master had second thought,
and called to her to halt.

"A demonstration that you understand this duty might be a good idea, bitch." He
said, then addressed the whore, "Signal the bitch that you want to use her
mouth, whore!" The beautiful girl smiled as she turned, then she gazed straight
at June, and swept aside her skirt once more and waited. This was to be the only
message needed. June immediately shuffled over to the ornate rack. Not having
the use of her hands was no impediment to the excited masochist. She was about
to have her tender breasts punished, and the very thought of it filled her with
submissive bliss. In fact, I believe that she was looking forward to her pain
even more than she was to tasting the girl's succulent pussy.

June moved until she knelt before that section of the rack marked as holding tit
whips. It was loaded with numerous whips of differing types, all designed to
inflict the severest of pain, but not to damage the flesh they were to be used
on. I was to find out later that all the pain giving implements in use at the
chateau had been designed by an eastern European torturer, and while they were
capable of inflicting the most excruciating agony on their victims, they were
specifically designed not to cause severe physical damage. After all, it's no
good having a pain slave who spends more time recovering from his or her
sessions, than that actually being available for use in them, is it? We were to
find out just how satanic that torturer must have been on many occasions.

June selected a whip that was constructed of a multitude of long thin wires,
each tipped with a tiny metal ball no larger that the ball in a ball-point pen.
The handle of the whip was in the shape of a penis and made of solid black
rubber. She took this evil instrument in her mouth and then shuffled over to the
footman. She first deposited the whip at his feet, then bent forward and pressed
her painted lips to the toe of his right shoe, kissing it with submissive
devotion. She repeated this servile act with his left shoe, then took the whip
between her teeth again and reared up and offered it to the man.

He took the whip with a mocking leer and gazed down at June while she reared
ever further back, and offered him the masses of her breasts, shimmying her
shoulders almost imperceptibly in the effort to demonstrate her willingness to
surrender the tender mounds to their cruel punishment. The man wasted no time in
attending to June's silent plea. He raised the diabolic whip high and brought it
down without mercy. A tiny yelp of hurt escaped June's lips when the strands of
the whip sliced brutally into her delicate flesh, and hot pain exploded in her
fevered brain. The man thrashed her suffering breasts without pity for a couple
of minutes, to her continuous whimpers. The skin of her tormented breasts turned
from creamy white to rosy red as the whipping continued. Her anguished breasts
must have been burning horrifically before the footman considered that she was
suffering enough, and dropped the whip down onto the floor.

June, despite the intensity of her anguish, leant down and devotedly kissed the
toes of her cruel tormentor, as if thanking him for the gift of agony he had so
brutally inflicted on her. She then took the whip between her teeth once again
and shuffled off to replace it on the rack. She waddled back towards the whore,
and on arriving in front of her leant down and kissed the girl's toes in servile
submission. She reared back up on her knees and stared with awed rapture at the
Girl's beautiful face. The whore nodded slightly, and June shuffled forward a
foot or so, and buried her face in the girl's bare crotch.

June's soft tongue ploughed into the whore's pussy and we were soon assailed by
the wanton sounds of liquid sucking. June went to work on the sex, alternating
between deeply tonguing the silky vagina, and tongue whipping the stiff
throbbing clitoris. Soon the whore's breathing revealed her growing stimulation,
and the inevitable orgasm began to peak. "One climax will be sufficient for this
demonstration!" Master snapped as the girl went over the edge, her convulsing
sex surrendering to the supreme talents of June's eager tongue, and pouring its
succulent juices into her wildly swallowing mouth.

Once the girl's orgasm had completely ran its course June diligently licked her
pussy clean of all its juices then again kissed the girl's toes, this time to
express her gratitude. She then waddled back and took up her position kneeling
next to me. The whore returned to the line, her face still flushed with the
aftermath of her release. The odour of ripe female sex wafted from June to me,
and I wondered how much of it was coming from her flushed, glistening face, and
how much was from her own enormously aroused sex.

"Harlot! Reveal yourself to the hog!" Being snapped out by Master soon brought
me back to reality. He went on to quickly explain that my balls were to suffer
before I would be permitted to orally service a male whore's prick. One of the
male whores quickly moved over and stood in front of me. He split his silken
trousers wide open and revealed to my excited gaze a prick of rare beauty, and
sensuality. It was semi erect and about eighth inches in length. It was not
overly thick, but juicy, and gorgeously formed. My mouth flooded with yearning
while I stared at the virile organ with its smoothly shaven balls so obviously
full of that male sap that I craved so badly. My own achingly stiff prick pulsed
with ecstatic pleasure when it struck me that I was actually going to be
permitted to suck this delicious penis off. I couldn't wait!

"Get on with it, harlot!" Master rapped out impatiently, causing my heart to
race. The whore nodded down to me, which I was lucky to notice, given my
concentration on his gorgeous penis. I waddled awkwardly over to the rack and
selected a whip from the section headed testicle punishers. The one I chose
filled me with dread. Perhaps that was the reason I chose it. My masochistic,
and acutely subservient brain knew instinctively that I must suffer terribly to
earn the right to engulf the penis I had just been gazing at in my adoring
mouth.

I shuffled over to the footman and, after kissing his toes in groveling
submission, presented him with the supple three stranded whip with marble sized
metal balls dangling from its business end. The man took the pain instrument
from my mouth and I reared back and offered my balls, in their bizarre bondage
to him. He raised the whip high, and brought it slashing down towards its
vulnerable target. I moaned low in my chest as the agony washed over me. My
balls felt as though they were on fire. The cruel servant lashed the tender eggs
with all his might, and it was all I could do to maintain my balance as I
suffered and suffered.

By the time the man threw the whip back down onto the floor my brain was
continually singing in agony. My abused balls were swollen mightily, and were on
fire. Tears of anguish poured down my cheeks, and my breath came in tortured
gasps. I leant forward as if in a daze, and retrieved the whip that had so hurt
me so horribly in my mouth, and returned it to its rack. I then waddled over to
the whore. By the time I knelt before that beautiful man once again my mouth was
again flooded with yearning, and the horrifically fire laden appendages at the
base of my own burgeoning prick had slipped from the forefront of my
consciousness. I had suffered, and now I was to get my reward! It was as it
should be!

I leant down and devotedly kissed his toes, then reared back and presented him
with the evidence of my suffering. His lips creased in the hint of a smile, and
his head nodded his assent almost imperceptibly. My heart sang with joy, and I
shuffled forward that final foot, and thrust my face towards its erotic target.
I noted, with a sigh of pleasure, that the whore's prick was now fully erect,
and arched up along his flat belly. A surge of sexual adrenaline coursed through
me when my lips were finally pressed adoringly against the tight package of his
testicles.

I breathed in the heady aroma of male sexuality to the accompaniment of fresh
surges of submissive delight flowing through me. My eager tongue washed wetly
over the man's lovely balls with utter tenderness, to somehow demonstrate to him
just how deep my craving was to drink from them, and to savour the luscious
essence that they would grant to me. I then, with infinite care and longing,
kissed and lapped my way up the length of his proudly standing column of male
potency until my lips were finally, adoringly, pressed to the tip of its flaring
head.

When I eventually allowed my agile tongue to lap wetly over that spongy knob of
sexuality, my brain sang with utter bliss while the scrumptious flavours of male
sexuality joined their aroma in a wanton duel to dominate my reeling senses. The
pain filling my balls had receded into the distant background while I wallowed
in my submissive joy. I opened my mouth wide, and engulfed the head of the hot
prick entirely. My blood raced with rapture when I slowly plunged my mouth down,
and it was filled with hot throbbing penis. The penis head slowly crept to the
back of my mouth, and then into my wildly gulping throat.

An explosion of ecstasy consumed me when my lips were stretched wide around the
base of the prick, and my nose was pressed firmly into the hard flesh of the
whore's lower belly. I wallowed in my shame. Oh how I loved to be on my knees,
in bondage, and suffering, with a virile penis, hot and throbbing, buried down
my adoring gullet. I didn't have long to contemplate my situation however,
because the craving need to taste the whore's ball cream soon overcame me, and I
began to suck the pulsating prick with all the skill I had. It plunged in and
out of my mouth with slow sensuality, and my tongue washed over the hot, hard,
throbbing meat with consummate passion.

After a few minutes of passionate sucking the whore's belly began to quiver, and
his hot cock seemed to swell even larger in my working mouth. I sensed that his
climax was approaching rapidly, and changed my tactics slightly. I allowed all
but the top two inches of his prick to escape my mouth, and then concentrated on
wildly sucking what remained in my eager mouth. My tongue lashed the throbbing
cock head with single minded devotion until, with a squeal of pleasure from the
whore, he began to climax.

The first spurt of his hot, musky cock cream splashed into the back of my
gulping throat, flooding it with a deluge of unbelievable force. I swallowed
wildly, my submissive mind singing with delight. Spurt after spurt shot from the
tip of the cumming prick, and I eagerly slurped it around in my mouth, savouring
the heady flavour of the rich cock juice before swallowing it down. I sucked the
prick until it was exhausted and began to wilt. I then plunged my mouth down
until my lips were again stretched around its thick root, then squeezed every
last drop of juice form it.

With extreme reluctance I finally allowed the softening pole to leave my mouth.
I kissed its sated tip with love and devotion, then leant down and kissed the
whore's toes in deference to his superiority. I then shuffled back to my
position, as did the male whore. Once I was back in position I allowed myself to
wallow briefly in my happiness, and to savour the lingering after taste of the
whore's luscious ball cream, which was now cooling in my welcoming belly.

Master then dismissed the whores who left the room in single file, as they had
first arrived. He contemplated our kneeling nudity's for a few minutes, then
clapped his hands once again. Six naked people filed into the room and lined up
where the whores had been previously. There were three of each sex, and my mouth
gaped in wonder at them. All were at least six feet tall and hairless right up
to their shiny skulls. The females possessed breasts of a size that defied
description. To give you some idea of the sheer immensity of their breasts I
would consider that each mound was the size of a basketball and shaped
perfectly. The nipples that capped these amazing breasts poked out at least an
inch, and were obviously erect.

The women's torsos tapered to waists of incredible narrowness before flaring out
to wide hips and volumous, and shapely buttocks. Long legs and full thighs
completed the picture. The pussies the women possessed were, like their breasts,
seemingly overly full lipped and prominent. The long plump outer lips gaped
slightly with arousal, and each possessed a clitoris that was so large that it
served to hold the pussy lips open at their apex. The word voluptuous was
invented surely to describe such women.

The three males were equally incredible, built like body builders with bulging
muscles all over their superb bodies. They possessed penises that were
extraordinary in their sheer size, at least fifteen inches long, and two inches
in diameter. The huge heads were the size of lemons. The testicles that road
tightly at the bases of these magnificent specimens of male sexuality were the
size of oranges, full and round and bursting with sap. The penises of the male's
were strongly erect and sprouted from their smooth hairless crotches up their
lean, muscular bellies with the drooling heads poised just below their bulging
pectorals.

My mouth gaped in wonder for, while I normally am not overly impressed with
penises that are too large (One can never do a huge penis justice when you suck
it, purely because its size does not allow you to use the talents of your mouth
to the best possible extent), the penises of these males had me experiencing
surges of pure craving.

"These are the Chateau's sluts. They too are, or course, slaves although, unlike
the whores, they are not contracted for a set period, but are rather, slaves for
life, or until we find that they have grown to old to be useful, at which time
they are retired. The sluts exist purely to entertain the members with displays
of sexual depravity and debauchery. They are so highly sexed that their entire
being is dedicated solely to sexual activity. They are consummate performers of
depraved and debauched acts, either individually, or as a group. They exist in a
state of continual arousal, and can never get enough" Master explained,
obviously extremely proud of the six sex animals.

"The sluts spend their time evenly distributed between engaging in displays of
sexual gymnastics for the amusement of the members, and keeping their bodies in
the peak of condition. They practice their depraved arts constantly when not
being used, and are charged with dreaming up new and sexually exciting ways to
display their lasciviousness. The sluts are essentially exhibitionists and
perform either solely, or with each other. That is not to say that they are not
sometimes used for other purposes, and with others. Sometimes a member will
bring his or her private slave to the chateau and if it amuses them to give that
slave to the sluts as a plaything for a few hours when this is requested, we are
entirely pleased to accede to the member's desire." The master paused for a
while, as if remembering past events, then added with a chuckle, "Many a little
slave girl has left the chateau with bow legs after a few hours of gang raping
by my lovely male sluts!"

"Slut!" He rapped, indicating the far male in the line. "Demonstrate your
talents to the new animals for me, if you please." The male's face split into a
wide leer and, to my complete astonishment, he leant his head down towards his
arching cock and, amazingly, engulfed six inches of it into his own mouth. Now I
am able, with a supreme effort, to lap my own cock head if I extend my tongue to
its fullest extent, but could never contemplate achieving anything like what
this slut was doing. I watched in awe as he sucked himself passionately. After a
few minutes it became obvious that he was approaching climax. When this happened
he allowed his cock to escape from his lips, and wildly tongued its swollen head
until steam after stream of semen gushed from its tip. The slut slurped up every
drop of his copious discharge, and swallowed it down with eager gusto. When his
prick was spent, and showed the first signs of wilting he again engulfed it in
his wide mouth and sucked it until the huge organ was again steel hard and
throbbing visibly. He then straightened up again.

"Slut, you too!" Master called indicating the female in the middle of the line.
If I was totally amazed by the performance of the male slut, I was even more
dumbfounded by what the female was capable of. She spread her legs wide and then
leant her torso backwards. The next thing I saw was her face appearing between
her legs below her wantonly splayed crotch, and her massive breasts drooping
down almost to her knees. She then raised her face until her long pink tongue
was able to lap at her own stiff clitoris. The slut lapped and sucked at the
clitoris with such lewd passion that in almost no time her pussy was convulsing
wildly, and surrendering copious quantities of her rich climax juice. The wanton
slut then busily lapped up all of the flowing juices and drank them down
eagerly. When her pussy was again relatively dry she teased her softened
clitoris with her tongue tip until it was again stiff and erect at the apex of
her dampening pussy. She then folded her torso back and resumed her position. I
was sure that June would be green with envy at what this woman had just
demonstrated.

"Clever, aren't they" Master chortled, seeing the disbelief in our eyes. "As
with our whores, pigs, I will allow the sluts to use you if it amuses them, or
more importantly, if a member would be entertained by watching such an event.
The sluts will be permitted to rape your arseholes, the females for you, bitch,
and the males for you, hog! Of course, and again as with the whores, when you
are privileged to be used in this way you will have to pay a price. The sluts
will only be permitted to rape an arsehole that nestles in the crack between a
pair of well striped arse slabs. The sluts will signal their desire by merely
rutting their hips at you. When you see this you will immediately retrieve an
appropriate whipping implement and seek out a footman to administer to you, or
the member as the case may be. After you have been appropriately prepared you
will approach the slut and offer yourself in an suitable fashion. You will, of
course, attend to the cleanliness of the slut who has used you after they have
finished."

Master then indicated to one of the female sluts, and she moved out of the line
and stood in front of June, then rutted her hips at the kneeling girl. June
immediately shuffled off to the rack and selected a long thin cane from among
the offerings. She then moved to the waiting footman and , after kissing his
toes, offered the cane to him. He took the evil implement while June reversed
her body and leant forward offering him the shapely mounds of her raised bottom
swaying the gorgeous cheeks in open invitation.

The footman raised the cane high and slashed it down onto the proffered bottom
cheeks with all the force he could muster. June's yelp of pain echoed around the
room, but she kept the burning mounds in place and was rewarded with another
cruel stroke for her pains. The footman delivered six cruel strokes before he
threw the cane down. I could only imagine how June's poor buttocks must burn.
While June was receiving her caning the slut had quickly padded off to a wall
cupboard and had retrieved a monstrous double dildo, each rubber prick being at
least twelve inches long and two inches thick. She had driven one dildo deeply
into her fabulous pussy and wetted it thoroughly with her sticky juices. She
then drove the other one into herself and left it there.

June waddled over to the slut and, after kissing the girl's toes submissively,
turned and offered her lewdly swaying, well striped bottom. The slut wasted no
time in driving the dildo up June's arse with one full stroke that caused a
squeal to be torn from June's gaping mouth. The slut then began to rape her with
long full strokes, driving the enormous dildo in and out of her aching arsehole.
June swayed her skewered bottom around like a bitch in heat, and soon her
whimpers of hurt became tiny shrieks of pleasure. The slut raped June until she
had brought herself off on the dildo buried up her pussy, she tore the dual
dildo from both June's arsehole, and her own drenched pussy and threw it down on
the floor.

June immediately dropped down and began to lap the end of the dildo that had
been driven up the slut's pussy. She licked every drop of the slut's juice from
the rubber cock, then lapped the end that had plumbed the depths of her arsehole
clean as well. She completed her task by kissing the slut's toes one last time
then resumed her position next to me. The slut bent down and picked up the dildo
and returned it to the cupboard before returning to her position. Now it was my
turn.

Master had soon pointed to the male slut who was to tend to me, and I was on my
way over to the rack. I chose a weapon similar to the one that had been used on
June and found myself before the footman with my lips glued to his toes. I
presented him with the cruel cane then submissively offered up my smooth bottom
for its punishment. I just managed to stifle a squeal when the cane lashed into
my proffered mounds the first time, and a line of fire erupted on my backside.
The more strokes that were delivered with such force and cruelty, the harder I
found it to contain myself, and by the time the sixth had been delivered I was
shrieking quietly. My arse mounds felt as though they were on fire while I
shuffled over to the standing slut. I dutifully kissed the glorious male's toes
then offered him my burning arse.

The slut reached down and tore my flaming arse cheeks apart and with no warning
whatsoever, drove his enormous penis up my arsehole to the hilt. My mouth gaped
open in sheer shock at the pain of the invasion. My arse ring left as if it was
been torn apart and I gasped in pure agony. The slut began to rape my arsehole
with pitiless precision, driving his huge prick in and out of me with relentless
force. Soon, of course, the extreme hurt was replaced with acute pleasure, and I
rolled my arse in ecstasy, reveling in the sensation of the hot pole reaming me
out so delightfully. On and on it went, driving me wild with pleasure. It ended
all to soon, and the rutting slut emptied his load deeply into my wallowing
bowls. I keened with rapture until he withdrew his fabulous penis from my
writhing depths.

Despite my sense of loss, and the delicious aftermath of quiet hurt, I turned
and soon had my tongue submissively washing the penis that had so delightfully
raped me. My mouth was flooded with the rich creamy flavour of male sexuality,
tinged slightly with the rancid bouquet of my own arse pit. It took me a few
seconds longer than it actually should have to clean the slut's prick, for I
longed to revel in the shame of applying my eager mouth to such a marvelous
penis. By the time I reluctantly dropped down to kiss my ravishers toes in
gratitude his mighty prick was again steel hard.

Once I was back in position Master dismissed the sluts, and they padded from the
room. Master gazed down at us with a leer of superiority, then whistled loudly.
The door opened and a tiny naked girl crawled into the room. The girl, her large
breasts swaying heavily with her gait, and her gorgeous bottom cheeks rolling
sexily, crawled right up to the seated Master and offered him the leash that she
held in her mouth. The leash was attached to a dog collar around her neck. The
Master took the leash and the girl settled down at his feet, then lewdly threw
her legs wide open.

My eyes widened in wonderment at the sight of her hairless crotch. The creature
possessed not only a delightful, full lipped pussy, but also a lovely six inch
penis. She was a true hermaphrodite obviously, with an equally obvious female
dominance.

"This is my personal slave, puppy. " Master stated mater of factly. "She is
responsible for attending to my pleasures. That is her sole reason for being."
The bizarre creature grinned mischievously at us, obviously happy with her
exalted status, then turned her head and lapped lasciviously at Master's leather
covered crotch.

"So now you have met the slaves of the chateau." Master stated, "The whores
whose primary purpose it is to attend to the members sexual needs and desires,
the sluts whose particular purpose is to entertain the members with displays of
sexual excess, and, of course, my own personal puppy. Now to your primary
purpose little animals. You are to become the chateau's pain slaves. Your bodies
exist to provide the members with convenient, and pliable flesh to punish, or to
witness being punished for their entertainment. This is not to say, however,
that this will be the only activity that you will be subjected to, as I will
explain later. But essentially you exist to be punished and tormented purely for
the amusement of the chateau members."

My masochistic juices were really beginning to flow with this dreadful
announcement. My blood boiled and my heart pounded with awed excitement. To
exist sole to suffer. It was a masochist's dream come true!

"The chateau, in addition to the slaves, employs ten maids and ten valets. These
people are not actually slaves, but tend to aspire to being reduced to that
status. While their primary objective is to maintain the chateau, they are also
available to be used sexually by members, if that is a members desire. It is a
sort of apprenticeship for those who aspire to become whore slaves. From time to
time those who long to become slaves are tested to see if their sexual skills
have reached a sufficient level to be considered for that status. Some make,
some don't. The footmen are responsible for the day to day running of the
chateau, including the discipline of the staff and slaves."

"Before I go on let me inform you of the basic rules that will govern your
existence. You have already seen where you will be quartered. You will spend
your time in that area exercising and preparing your bodies for use. From time
to time you will be supervised, but often left to your own devices until
summoned for service. You will not talk at all except for one specific purpose
which I will explain to you later. Your communication will be reduced to the
following, 'Please Sir or Madam', 'Harder Sir or Madam', and 'Thank you Sir or
Madam'. You will use this form of address regardless of whether it is a member,
servant, or slave that is attending to you."

"The regime that the chateau follows is rigid, and split into weekly activities.
The first week of each month is a member free time, and you will be used for
other purposes during that time. I will explain this shortly. The second week is
a member week and you will serve the members as and when summoned to do so. The
third week is another member free week. During this week the staff and slaves
plan for the final week, and the slaves practice their erotic skills. The final
week is party week for the members. Activities will be normal during the days of
this week, but the nights are reserved for exhibitions which are to be put on by
the sluts, and yourselves for the entertainment of the members. You will be able
to put your imaginations to good use in planning for these events."

Master looked down at us, noting our reactions to what he was revealing with a
grin. My prick was visibly pulsing with wanton excitement, and June's splayed
open pussy was literally dripping with juice.

"While your primary purpose is to suffer we will not ignore your need for sexual
relief. You will be brought off at least once each day for three weeks of each
month, and quite possibly much more frequently in the other week, as you will
soon find out. As to the method of release, you will have no control over this
what so ever. My little puppy will undertake the new duty of supervising your
sexual relief. In fact, my little puppy will be your supervisor in most
activities. Your slut juice will sometimes be extracted by your own hand, but
more frequently will be drained out by footmen, or other members of the serving
staff" Seeing my expression of delight, and perhaps divining the reason for it,
Master smiled sneeringly, and continued. "No, you will not be fucked,  or
sucked, but merely masturbated. You, bitch", He said looking at June, "will only
ever have you gash ploughed by one slug in the future, that of the hog, and, of
course, hog, your slug will only ever be squeezed by the bitch's lurid gash pit,
and even then, this will only ever be permitted to occur during party
exhibitions."

I flushed crimson! To be condemned to sex with my sister only, and then only in
public with eager watchers! It was too perverse for words. The shame of
submitting to having my penis milked impersonally by one of the taciturn
footman, under the degrading supervision of the little gorgeous hermaphrodite
would be immense. But fucking June before an audience would degrade me to
delicious depths. I couldn't wait!

"You, hog, will refer to my puppy as Sir, and the bitch will address her as
Madam when the need arises. My puppy may converse with you in the confines of
your cell block as the need arises, but elsewhere your rules of communication
apply to her as well as to everybody else. Now I have given some thought as to
whether my puppy should be permitted to have you attend to her pleasure, and
have decided, at this stage at least, that she shall only be allowed to use your
mouths and tongues on her cute little arse ring. This will serve two purposes,
firstly, I know that she loves to be rimmed, and secondly, this will reinforce
your submission to her in the most appropriate fashion I can think of."

I flushed hotly at the degrading thought of slurping away between the bottom
cheeks of the tiny bizarre creature, but knew that I would happily comply.
Master continued:

"Puppy will explain a special duty you are to perform whenever you are alone in
your cells when she takes you back there in a while. But now I will explain to
you about that final week's activity that I haven't yet covered. As you will
have probably guessed keeping up, and running the chateau is a very expensive
business. While the membership subscriptions are immense they can not defray
anything like the costs involved so, I have another business I run that is even
more lucrative. I run, for the government, two prison facilities, one for men
and the other for women. I have been most successful in these enterprises
largely because no prisoner has ever escaped from either, nor have there ever
been any of the usual prison riots associated with my facilities. For this
reason the government allows me a free hand with no interference."

"My two establishments are more accurately described as penal colonies, as each
are located on islands well off shore in the south of the country. The islands
are patrolled by boats but no guards are actually employed. Rather, I have
allowed the society of the inmates to evolve its own hierarchy through natural
selection. This has, over the years, resulted in a 'king' and 'queen' being
thrown up on each of the islands. The rest of the inmates have naturally evolved
into a kind of sliding scale of dominance. In the case of the male facility at
the bottom rung of this hierarchy are the bitches, essentially sexual slaves to
the dominant prisoners, and in the case of the female facility that level caters
for the femme bitches who perform the same service for the bull dykes."

"The experiment has been an unqualified success. Both facilities are drug free
,except for alcohol, and sexual hierarchy has actually become the binding
factor. I even allow the male bitches to be administered with female hormones,
but only if they accept this willingly. No one is forced. The facilities are so
successful that some prisoners have actively sought to escape parole in order to
stay, and re-offenders are frequent as released prisoners endeavor to be
returned to the facilities. Each island is encouraged to  be as self sufficient
as possible. This of course both reduces costs, and gives the inmates worthwhile
work to occupy their time. Most food is supplied from the prison farms, and the
inmates have many small enterprises that I allow them to keep some of the
profits from."

"During this last week of each month you, bitch, will be given to the inmates of
the female colony to play with. There will be only one rule for them to follow,
and that is that you are to be returned at the end of each week undamaged and in
reasonable condition. You hog, of course, will be given to the male inmates with
the same rules applying. How you are treated during these weeks will be largely
up to you for, you can be sure that you will be judged against the permanent
bitches, and if you don't measure up the dominants will make you suffer."

My mind was alive with eager excitement, and dazzling trepidation. One of my
enduring fantasies has always been to be used a sexual plaything for an extended
period. I suppose part of it was to see how long I could last if subjected to
non stop sexual activity. I must admit that my dreams had always been associated
with serving women, but being made to serve men would add to my humiliation
deliciously. I was abruptly brought back to reality from this delightful day
dream by Master.

"These are the rules, and environment, that will govern your existence for the
foreseeable future. That is not to say that the rules won't change sometime down
the track. I'm sure they will, and you can be sure that when they do, you will
have absolutely no say in the matter. Now, little puppy, " He said to his little
slave, "Take charge of the beasts. Return them to their cells and attend to
them. I want you to give them a guided tour of the chateau, explain to them the
phone sex facility, and their role in it. While you're about it find the time to
have them sexually drained."

With this the Master stood up and unleashed his little puppy, "Enjoy!" He
smiled, them strode from the room. The little hermaphrodite stood up after her
Master had finally disappeared, then walked over to us. She replaced our eyes
patches and ear plugs then urged us  to stand. We were guided back to our cells
in the same fashion as we had been brought to the viewing room.




Chapter 3 - Settling In - June's Story


My brain was still buzzing with electrifying wonder as I was guided through the
chateau, back to the cells that had been allocated to John and I. My breasts
were still warm from the aftermath of their whipping, and my bottom cheeks were
still actually burning from the vicious cane strokes they had absorbed. The
delicious after taste of ripe pussy still lingered in my mouth from the whore
pussy I had so passionately sucked. My own pussy was still damp to the point of
dripping, and my clitoris still remained erect and tingled delightfully. Life at
the chateau was looking like being the culmination of all my masochistic
daydreams.

The guiding whip brought me to a halt, and I realised that we must be back in
the cells. I felt hands on my arms, and they were quickly freed from their
stringent bondage and allowed to return to the front of my body. Cuffs of cool
metal soon encased my wrists and I found that a length of chain connecting them
together only allowed me to move my hands a foot or so apart. The spreader was
removed from my knees and I was able to bring my thighs back together. Then my
discipline helmet was removed and I stood nude, and in that mild bondage.

The first thing I noticed was that indeed we were back in our quarters, and that
John too, had all of his adornments removed and was in the same state as I. Our
supervisor, the bizarre puppy, stood off to one side while two footmen attended
to us. Rings were inserted in our noses, in our nipples, in each of my pussy
lips, at the rear of John's still erect penis, and also behind his bulging
testicles. When the rings were all in place puppy pointed a device that looked
like a TV remote control at us and pressed a button. A series of barely audible
clicks were emitted from our various rings, and I realised with shame that they
had somehow been locked in place.

Having finished their tasks the two footmen tapped us on the shoulders with
their ever present whips, and we dutifully fell to our knees before the
delightful puppy. The tiny hermaphrodite smiled at us with impish delight. "I'm
so glad that Master has put me in charge of you." She cried in excitement, "We
are going to have so much fun!" She then began to explain the various features
of our quarters to us. We were shown all the room involved. Our sleeping
arrangements were explained, we were to be shackled to our cots in our cells by
means of a light chain that would be attached to our slave collars. This chain
would allow us to just enough freedom to get to the open toilets in our cells.

The bizarre Mistress/slave then took us to a console which had a number of
lights and buttons on it. We were shown one button with a little speaker grill
next to it, and it was explained that when the light above this button flashed
one of us would be required to press the button to listen to instructions.
Another button was explained as the one which would summon a footman, or other
servant, maid or valet. We were instructed to press this button when we needed
to be prepared for an event, or service. It was explained to us that we would
not need to explain what preparations would be needed, the responder would
already know of this. To our embarrassment we were informed that we would not be
trusted to attend to our own body cleanliness, this would always be supervised
by serving staff.

Puppy then had us stand, individually, before a sort of video camera. She
explained to us that our 'footprints' were being recorded. I looked puzzled, as
did John. The little vixen grinned at us, then told us to walk around the
apartment. When we did the purpose of this soon became clear, much to my
mortification. The cameras, like security cameras, that seemed to be every where
in our quarters then tracked us. "You will be always kept under observation,
little beasts!" The tiny creature chortled, "Just to ensure that you behave
yourselves at all times."

Then she showed us another light that occupied pride of place on the console and
explained its purpose to us:

"Master hinted at one other duty that you are to perform. In addition to the
penal colonies Master has other money making enterprises. One of these is a
phone sex service, very lucrative it is too. When this light flashes it will
mean that a client has chosen slave talk for his pleasure. When the light
flashes if you are both in residence you will immediately converse about your
experiences, or your fantasies. If only one of you is present that one will do
the same. Needless to say the tone of the verbal entertainment that you provide
must be utterly depraved, exquisitely submissive and, of course, immaculately
graphic. The light, naturally, won't flash if neither of you are present. A
system has been set up to take care of this. Be careful to fulfill, to the best
of your ability, this duty or Master will be most displeased, and you will
suffer accordingly!"

I flushed crimson at this, shuddering with degradation when the imp added with a
chuckle, "I have no doubt that you will both come up with utterly outlandish
fantasies, and Master will probably even allow those to be fulfilled if they are
at all possible!"

At this point the communication light on our console started flashing. I walked
over and pressed the button, my heart pounding with anticipation. I was
disappointed to hear the voice of the Master summoning his personal slave. The
bizarre scamp flushed prettily when Master informed her that he required her
presence immediately, and with a warm rear. He told her to summon a footman to
give us our guided tour of the facilities that would concern our service. The
hermaphrodite pressed another button on the console, then walked over to the
whip rack and took hold of a heavy leather paddle, shaped much like a squash
racquet.

Almost before she returned to face us again, her cheeks well reddened by this
time, a tall, rubber clad footman walked in. Puppy handed the man the paddle
then turned away from him and reached down to touch her toes, her plump breasts
swinging heavily as she did so. The footman needed no instruction, and
immediately began to forcefully beat the slave's offered bottom cheeks. After
the first five or six strokes had been delivered puppy cried out angrily, "Put
you back into it man! Master wants to see a rosy arse when I enter his
presence!"

The footman's reaction to this admonition was not obvious from his demeanor, for
his rubber head helmet covered most of his features, but what was obvious was
that he was suitable enraged, for the following strokes were delivered with such
force that they were almost knocking puppy off her feet, and were eliciting
sharp yelps of anguish from her gaping mouth. I watched with fascination while
her shapely bottom cheeks became redder and redder as the beating continued.

Eventually he stopped, and the sobbing slave straightened up, her arse slabs now
a fiery red. "Thank you, Sir." She said to the footman, then turned her
attention back to us, "This footman will now be showing you around. It wont be
as exciting for you, I'm afraid, because he is not allowed to talk to slaves, so
he won't be able to explain anything to you, but, no doubt, you'll understand
most of what you see, and your imaginations can work on the rest. Hopefully I'll
be back by the time your tour is over, and will be able to attend to your
sluttish lusts."

With that the girl, or is it boy, left the cell block. The footman immediately
released our wrists from their connecting chains and drew our arms behind our
backs. Rubber straps were then tightened around our wrists and elbows and tied
off securely. He then reached down into my crotch and padlocked my pussy rings
together, then bent John's semi erect penis down and locked the head and
testicle rings together. Then he motioned to us to follow him.

We were shown two rooms that were in most respects, identical to the one where
we had been introduced in earlier. Then we were shown a much larger room with a
substantial centrally located circular stage. I surmised that this must be the
party room. It had many heavily laden whip racks, and bondage racks of all kinds
of weird and wondrous designs scattered about. Other shelving units were packed
with sex toys of all types imaginable. The room was equipped with a fully
functional bar, and scattered around were numerous couches and arm chairs of the
finest leather and rubber. I noted that the highly polished floor had many
sunken holes with threaded screwing capability, scattered around as well. These
were complimented by many hooks and pulleys attached to the high ceiling among
the many lights.

After seeing all the various rooms of the chateau the footman guided us out into
the open. We were shown a garden, the purpose of which became evident when one
read the wrought iron sign 'Garden of Punishment'. This garden was large with
many areas of lawn between the flower arrangements and clusters of trees.
Numerous small sheds were hidden away between the trees, and many steel and
wooden structures stood in the clearings.

We were then shown what appeared to be a small race track with a large shed at
one end of it. A large sign painted on wood attached to the double doors
signified the purpose of the shed, 'The Chateau Harness Racing Club' and
'Contests held each Month'. Every thing looked to be brand new at this facility
and I wondered if it might have been constructed just for us. We were shown a
number of other smaller gardens, and finally one that looked like a small
outdoor arena, or concert area, with its small stage in the form of a raised
mound, surrounded by grassy slopes for people to lounge on while they watched
the show.

It had taken probably two hours for the footman to show us everything, and we
were quite tired by the time he returned us to our quarters. Puppy was waiting
for us when returned, and immediately dismissed the footman. "Did you like what
you have seen, beasts!" She asked, not expecting an answer of course, then
continued to assail us about what we were in for while she removed the bands
from our arms, and replaced the chains between our wrist cuffs. She removed the
locks from our sexual organs and then announced:

"It's time to get you serviced, savages. I'll bet you're looking to it like the
sluts you are. Follow me!" She chuckled as we left the cell block once again. We
went down a long corridor where we saw our first maid. The pretty young girl was
dressed in a ridiculously abbreviated French maid's uniform. The skirt barely
covered her round bottom, and the satin top allowed the sides of her breasts to
show. Her back was completely bare, and black smoky stockings of sheer rubber
clad her long shapely legs. Her face was tastefully made up and her hair piled
on top of her head, and capped off with a cue, white lace maid's cap.

Just before we drew level with the girl, who was busy dusting wall ornaments,
she dropped her duster and had to bend down to retrieve it. When she did I saw
that she was pantiless and the lips of her lovely quim were bare of hair,
although I could see a tuft gracing her plump little mound. Then I remembered
that maids were in many respects, apprentice whores, but they were not slaves,
merely employees. I wondered why they would aspire to lose their freedom, and to
see being reduced to slavery as a goal to aim for. The presence of sparse hair
on their mounds could be explained, however, because only slaves were permitted
to be completely shorn.

When we drew level with the maid when puppy told us to stop. She then said to
the maid, "Girl, I want you to bring this bitch off, if you please!" I flushed
with shame when puppy turned and snapped to me, "Present you gash slug to the
maid, bitch, quickly now, she has work to do!" I reached down into my crotch and
linked my forefingers through my pussy rings and wrenched them wide apart while,
at the same time, thrusting my hips forward and widely splitting my thighs. My
clitoris was already highly aroused and tingled expectantly.

The maid reached down with her gloved right hand and grasped my clitoral shaft
about half way along its length. She made sure that the two fingers she used had
a firm grasp on my moist meat then began to vigorously, and efficiently frig it.
My thighs trembled lightly as the pleasure coursed through me. The maid snapped
her wrist back and forth with amazing speed and wanked my pulsing clitoris
relentlessly. After a couple of minutes my climax exploded and my pussy flooded
with juice. The maid kept frigging me until my clitoris began to soften, before
she allowed her fingers to release the spent shaft, and my panting breath began
to slow.

"Good, wasn't it bitch!" Puppy chortled, "I love to see a slave lose control
when her cunt is serviced so practically and impersonally!" I flushed crimson at
these words for it was true, when my pussy erupted I did indeed lose all control
and must have presented a lewd sight. We wandered off again, my body still
wallowing with the after shocks of my intense orgasm.

Our next port of call was a whore training room. The whore practicing was
dressed from neck to ankle in black rubber with only one small opening to bare
her pussy. Strapped to a bench so that his hips could not move was a naked
youth. His quite large penis reared out from his crotch stiff and was visibly
throbbing. The whore mounted the bench and engulfed the penis fully into her
pussy and sat completely still. The only movement I could discern was a slight
clenching, from time to time, of her stretched open pussy mouth around the thick
base of the penis.

"The whore is practicing cunt muscle control." Our hermaphrodite guide
explained, "From the score on the board this will be the fifth climax for the
boy. She has to bring the prick off purely with the internal muscles of her cunt
hole. She's dressed like this so that the youth has no visual stimulation to
help him. The chateau gets youths from town to engage in these training
excersises. They get young males mainly for their staying power. If we see a
male whore practicing you'll find that his partners will invariable be older
women, so that he has to work harder to bring them off."

Just as puppy finished her explanation we saw the whore lift her crotch off the
penis. The organ was busily spurting its juices which splashed onto the whore's
rubber clad groin. She dismounted from the bench and the lad's hips were freed.
No sooner had the spent youth got off the bench than another took his place.
While he was being strapped down by the attending footman the whore douched her
pussy pit. Then she mounted the new penis and it was soon buried in her pussy
and she went to work on it.

We moved on, and further down the corridor came across the first valet I had yet
seen. While the valet was obviously male I was astonished to see that he was
dressed almost identically to the maid who had so professionally brought me off.
The only exception was that the valet had no top, having no breasts to teasingly
conceal. What must have really embarrassed the valet was the fact that the fat
head of his limp penis hung below the hem line of his ridiculously short skirt.
However, it didn't seem to worry the young male all that much.

When we drew level with the youth puppy called on us to stop. She looked
mockingly at John whose thick penis was hanging at half mast, causing him to
flush prettily. Then she turned her attention to the valet who had ceased his
polishing of a door handle he had been working on as soon as we had stopped near
him. "Boy, if you please, I want you to milk this hog for me!"

John's cheeks reddened rapidly, but the effect was not all shame, for his penis
grew and lengthened even before the valet reached down and grasped it mid way up
its swelling length. The boy slowly stropped the full length of John's penis
with long strokes with his gloved hand until the penis was fully erect and
throbbed with pleasure. He then began to vigorously snap his wrist, and
masturbated the prick quickly and efficiently. To add to John's shame and
degradation two footmen came upon us, and stopped to watch while John was being
masturbated.

John gazed down, wide eyed at his burgeoning penis, watching the valet's hand
move up and down on it. His thighs were wide spread, and he had thrust his
crotch out lewdly while his pleasure mounted. After a few minutes his belly
began to tremble, and his thighs clenched wildly. Tiny yelps of ecstasy began to
torn from his open mouth as his climax broke. By this time the valet's hand was
flashing up and down the spasming penis with such vigour that the full testicles
at its thick base were bouncing about extravagantly. Suddenly, to an
accompanying squeal of pleasure from the climaxing slave, a huge stream of hot
creamy semen spurted from the tip of the convulsing cock, and splashed down onto
the polished floor. The valet continued to wank the spewing prick efficiently
while it squirted stream after stream of sex juice, until it became obvious that
John's orgasm had run its course. The youth quickly ensured that he squeezed the
last few drops of juice from the spent penis, then reached down and wiped the
cock head clean with his polishing rag.

The two footmen wandered off as soon as John's cock had been emptied and, after
instructing the valet to clean up John's mess before resuming his duties, puppy
took us off back to our cells. When we had arrived she locked up our sexes once
again, keeping up a constant chatter about how lucky we were to have been
permitted to be serviced so professionally, and that it would not always be so
easy for us. Our orgasms were to be accompanied by much more shame and
humiliation normally, she teased. I wondered what could be more degrading than
what we had just been forced to endure. I was soon to find out.

Once we had been attended to puppy told us we could now rest. We were chained to
our cots in our cells. The lights were then extinguished and, despite my
excitement at what had been a full day, I drifted off to sleep almost
immediately, my last conscious thoughts were of what new adventures awaited me
in this strange place.




Chapter 4 - Used by the Members - John's S tory

As it happened we had arrived at the Chateau three days into a member free week.
Under the rules June and I should have been at the penal colonies but, of
course, we weren't. We spent the three days acclimatising to our surroundings,
and managed to earn our first punishment, for less than exemplary performance.
This happened because the one service we could provide, that of entertaining the
phone sex callers, was not up to the standard Master required. We found out
about this, and what poor performance would invariably cost us, when Master
summoned us to his presence. We had been prepared by a footman who put us into
stringent bent arm bondage. My prick was freed, and quickly stropped to full
erection, then a cluster cock ring was securely strapped to the base of the
throbbing pole of lust.

The cluster ring not only ensured that my prick remained erect, but also
presented my fat balls as a single mass of meat thrust out from the base of the
prick by means of a inch wide strap that was cinched tightly around the base of
the ball sack. A two foot spreader attached to my knees ensured that my balls
were presented at their most vulnerable. I guessed, with a surge of masochistic
dread, that my balls might soon suffer, the tender bulbs having been prepared in
so defenseless a fashion, my aching prick actually pulsed with eager
anticipation.

June's naked body was similarly prepared in terms of its bondage. The footman
freed her pussy and chains were slipped through her cunt rings. These chains
were then wrapped around her shapely arse mounds and locked in place. This,
together with her spreader bar, ensured that her moist cuntal trench was fully
exposed. She, having surmised what was in store, needed no external stimulation
to render her clitoris rigid. The prominent bud was almost fully extended from
its protective sheath before the footman had finished with her.

We waddled off to our fate, being urged along by the constant tapping of the
footman's ever present dog whip on our rolling bottoms. We entered the Master's
chamber with feelings of trepidation washing over our trembling bodies. Once
inside the room, we saw that the Master seated on his throne like chair, with
his bizarre puppy, nude and sexually, aroused at his feet. The footman arranged
us before the dominant and forced us to our knees.

"So, willful beasts!" The Master roared in genuine anger. "You manage to defy me
at the very first opportunity! I have received a complaint from a client of my
phone service on the very first occasion I made you available on it. The woman
even questioned the fact that the service  was really being provided by genuine
pain slaves, and not just two people acting the part. I was devastated, so I
replayed the tape to see if it was true. And it was, you contemptible,
nauseating reptiles! I could barely believe what I was hearing. My penis
remained limp throughout the entire hour!"

I was devastated, my heart was breaking at what I had done. Had it been able, my
own cock would have collapsed into a lank tube with shame. Whatever punishment
Master decreed that I be subjected to could never be enough to atone for what I
had done. I yearned to beg for my suffering, to plead that it be as vicious as
humanly possible, to implore that it be administered with no mercy, no pity what
so ever!

But, of course, this could not be so, we were, after all, restricted to those
three phrases that have already been mentioned. I had also noted that two
additional footmen were present in the room when we arrived. I could understand
one extra, given that June and I would probably be punished simultaneously, but
what the purpose of the third? I was about to find out, and when I did it wiped
the snide grin off little puppy's face.

"You, little puppy, must also shoulder some of the blame for this happening, so
you too shall have to be punished. You, hog, will have your nuts thrashed with
the heaviest testicle strap we have. You, bitch, will have your gash lashed with
the thickest cunt strap in the collection. And you, willful puppy, will have you
arse, cunt, and prick flogged with a heavy cat."

I noted that puppy's demeanor changed from one of quiet arrogance to one of fear
at this announcement. She was to suffer with us, and it was obvious that she was
not pleased. As for me, my submissive masochistic brain sang with delight at my
sentence, as I'm sure, did June's.

"The duration of your punishment will last for as long as it takes you, puppy,
to suck a load from my cock!" This announcement caused a change in puppy's
manner, for she obviously adored sucking her Master. This was soon tinged with a
little apprehension when he continued, with a chuckle of sadistic glee, "You now
realise, I'm sure, why I allowed you to watch me dump one load up a male whore's
tight arse, and another up a female whore's cuntal tube during the last hour.
You are not going to get it easy while you and the pain slaves suffer for your
transgressions!" He then commanded the footmen, "Prepare the hog and bitch, if
you please!"

The footmen attended to June first. Two of them grasped her body on either side
and spun her nudity upside down, while the third lowered a steel rod from the
ceiling. When all was in place a two pronged bracket attached to the rod was
screwed to her knee spreader, at its extremities. This ensured that her
suspended body would not be able to move. Then a strap was fixed to her arm
binding, and tied off securely to the top of the bracket, causing her bizarrely
contorted body to bow outwards. This, of course, ensured that her obscenely
spread open pussy was thrust forward making it totally available, and utterly
vulnerable. The footmen then attended to me doing precisely the same things to
my naked body. Once I was suspended my strapped testicles were presented equally
available, and utterly defenseless.

I watched then as the three footmen approached the whip rack. One of them
retrieved a four foot long, supple, but quite heavy strap with a penis grip at
one end. The strap narrowed for the first three feet of its length, then widened
at its business end into a two inch wide, six inch long stiff piece of heavy
leather. This footman approached my suspended nudity, and I shuddered with the
thought of the agony this weapon would be capable of inflicting. The second
footman took possession of a four foot long strap that was evenly constructed of
two inch wide black leather, and barely drooped in his hand. He approached June.
The final footman took a multi-stranded, supple leather whip from the rack and
went to the duo at the throne.

While the footmen were arming themselves Master's personal slave, puppy, had
knelt before him and unpopped the studs holding his cod piece in place. I
shuddered when she revealed his penis and testicles. The penis was so soft and
limp, and the testicles so droopy that I soon realised that we were in for a
prolonged period of pain and suffering. It would take puppy ages to bring the
cruel man off, and we would suffer for the whole of that time, terribly. Master
was proving to be a consummate sadist, and I found that my utter terror at was I
was about to have inflicted on me was almost swamped by the sensations of
masochistic elation that washed over my consciousness.

This new owner of my slave being was a truly diabolic sadist, not merely the
dominant person, more interested in his profits that anything else, that Sir
Michael had been. June and I would learn what utter slavery would mean under his
dictatorial tutor ship. We would understand that we were mere vessels for his
vicious urges, that we would suffer indescribable torments merely to entertain
him. We could never expect the tiniest bit of pity from him. Ownership by this
unmerciful Master would fulfill every masochistic desire we had ever harboured.
It would be the very epitome of perfect balance, the supreme sadist catering
perfectly to the cravings of the impeccable masochists.

My eyes flicked from the Master, and his slave just as the bizarre creature had
engulfed the length of his limp penis in her hot wet mouth and began to wildly
suck on it, to the swollen orbs of my own strapped testicles bulging so
defenselessly between my wide spread thighs. June and I, as if prompted by some
strange psychic connection between our fevered brains, both cried out loudly,
and clearly, in perfect unison, "Please, Sir! Please, Sir!" Our voices were the
epitome of pleading longing. We pleaded abjectly for our torments to begin. Our
stringently bound, and defenselessly presented bodies longed to suffer. My
swollen shining, testicles ached with a yearning to throb in agony, as I'm sure
did June's splayed open, and dripping pussy. My stiff penis pulsated with
masochistic excitement, its flared tip seeping with sexual moisture.

The footman standing between my legs raised his barbaric strap high over his
head, paused momentarily, then brought it flashing down towards its vulnerable,
and extremely sensitive target. My mouth flew open with shock, stars of anguish
exploded before my eyes, and my chest heaved in distress, while the agony
afflicting my abused testicles coursed through my body, and erupted in my brain,
when, with a cracking sound, the heavy leather end of the strap smashed into the
tender meat of my testicles. The agony afflicting my tormented balls was almost
too much for me to bear. After a few seconds of disbelief, a deep seated moan
erupted from my gaping throat, to be complimented by a shrill shriek of anguish
from my sister slave, no doubt brought about by the slash of the heavy strap
into the splayed open flesh of her moist pussy.

We both struggled to regain some semblance of control over our tormented senses.
Then managed, somehow, to respond to our barbarous torturers. "Thank you, Sir!
Thank you, Sir! Please Sir! Please, Sir! Harder, Sir! Harder, Sir!" We babbled
incoherently. The cruel footmen were only to happy to grant our pleas and the
vicious straps rose and fell on out suffering flesh with relentless brutality.
My fevered brain kept erupting in masochistic delight as the heavy leather
crashed unerringly into the swollen masses of my tender testicles. My squeals of
agony meshed with June's shrieks of anguish while her pussy was relentlessly
pounded, and both of our abject pleas, shrieked out in masochistic ecstasy, must
have been music to Master's ears.

I managed a glance at the seated dominant, and saw that his lovely, big penis
was finally fully erect again in his puppy's frantically sucking mouth. The
bizarre slave's arse cheeks were red and her pussy swollen and moist, but most
noticeable was the fact that her penis was strongly erect now that the heavy
strands of the whip were lashing into her tormented fork. On and on it went
without pity or respite. Our cries and pleas rang out in sobbing tortured
shrieks while we suffered and suffered.

Somewhere in the back of my mind I marveled at the sublime cruelty of Master. To
reduce us to so few permitted words, even as we suffered so horrifically was
truly malicious. Even as we squealed out the permitted exhortations, "Please,
Sir!", "Harder, Sir!", and "Thank you, Sir!" To our heartless torturers, that
other part of my mind was silently screeching other supplications like, "Oh
fabulous whip Master! You punish a slave's errant nuts so beautifully! Such
pain! Such suffering! I deserve it all! I yearn for it so badly! Make my
swinging nuts suffer more! Oh adored Master, your hog sings with delight at
being permitted to suffer so horendously for you. Your tormented hog, divine
Master, is dejected beyond belief because he has not been permitted to worship
your sacred testicles with his slave lips even as you are having his own slack
balls so exquisitely thrashed! Please wonderful whip Master, thrash this hog's
agonised nuts harder and more viciously! Smash my pills savagely! Batter my nuts
relentlessly! Make me suffer horendously! My celestial Master has decreed it be
so, and I long to suffer in adoration of him!"

The relentless punishment continued with ferocious cruelty. Tears poured down my
cheeks, and my battered testicles had swelled until they were almost twice their
normal size. The tormented bulbs stood out grotesquely from the base of my
pulsating, and achingly stiff lust stalk. I was immersed in sheer, solitary
happiness while Master's penis began to erupt in his sucking slave's eager
mouth. The hermaphrodite's throat gulped wildly as she swallowed his copious
issue. The punishment continued, unabated, until Master had completely emptied
his testicles into the slave's gulping mouth. Only then did he thrust her face
away, and the whipping ceased.

The footmen quickly released June and I from our bondage, and we knelt before
Master with our legs spread wide. Tears still trickled down our cheeks as Master
coldly surveyed us. I noted that the insides of June's svelte thighs were
drenched with sticky pussy juice. She had obviously climaxed under the whip. She
had never actually been able to control her wanton pussy under punishment, and I
was sometimes envious of her because of this. My own cock was achingly rigid,
and  stood up from my crotch in lewd pride, while June's clitoris, while hugely
swollen from its ordeal, had iously softened  some a little.

"Let that be a lesson to you, animals!" Master coldly stated. "I hope that you
now realise what is expected of you. When you are graciously permitted to
entertain your superiors with your obscene fantasies, not to mention your
relivings of the attentions I so benevolently grant you, you had better show
your gratitude by ensuring that you display depravity and wanton lechery of the
highest quality. Even the tiniest lapse in lasciviousness will be quickly, and
savagely punished" He then turned his attention to his personal slave.

"You, errant puppy, I've no doubt will be better schooled in your
responsibilities. If you err again I will have to consider removing you from the
duty of overseer to the pain animals. So beware!" Then as he made to dismiss us
from his presence, he noted, with a display of disdain. "I see that the bitch
has enjoyed her punishment more than she perhaps should have. Her gash looks as
if it's been gang raped for a day, rather than whipped for a half an hour, by
the amount of slut juice it's surrendered. Return the beasts to their cells, and
be sure to have the hog milked on the way, but not the bitch, she's had her fun
for today. You are now dismissed!"

Puppy attached dog leashes to our nose rings, and led us from the chamber. As
soon as we were out of earshot of Master, the little slave began to berate us.
"You will never, ever disgrace me like that again you ungrateful pigs! I'll make
you pay and pay if you even hint at not performing perfectly at all times. I'm
going to request that Master give me the power to have you punished from now on,
and believe me, you'll suffer if you don't please me in every respect!" I
shuddered as I moved along behind the hermaphrodite, walking in a slightly bow
legged fashion because my swollen testicles still erupted in pain whenever their
swollen masses brushed against my thighs.

"You, maid!" Puppy snapped to a maid that passed us, "Go and get a valet, I need
this hog's slug to be milked! Quickly, now. We'll wait here." The maid scampered
off, her ridiculously short skirt flying up revealing her gorgeous, plump bum
cheeks, and delicious little quim as she ran. We stopped and waited. About two
minutes later the maid returned with a valet in tow. "You, boy!" Puppy snapped,
"Bring the hog off! Then to the maid, "Girl, get the bitch's gash slug stiff,
but don't you dare bring her off!"

I threw my crotch forward to give free access to the young male who reached down
and grasped my aching penis in his gloved fist, my cheeks flushing with shame,
not only at having to offer my sex so humiliatingly to the boy, but also because
I realised that I longed to have it masturbated in public, to demonstrate my
helplessness. The boy began to efficiently masturbate my spasming penis with
cool indifference. My thighs were soon trembling with pleasure, and my
fabulously punished testicles surged with juice.

While the valet proficiently masturbated me the maid frigged June's growing
clitoris with equal impersonal arrogance, until it was achingly erect and
throbbed with arousal. She then stood back from the shuddering girl, and allowed
her to wallow in her frustration. After about three minutes of vigorous
masturbation my penis convulsed wildly, my belly quivered uncontrollably, and my
bursting testicles flexed wildly. I whimpered in ecstasy while huge streams of
creamy white semen gushed from the tip of my climaxing stalk. The power of my
climax shocked even me. The spurts of cock cream shot at least six feet out from
my erupting organ, and splashed almost audibly onto the highly polished floor.
My prick gushed six times with equal power before the strength of the spurts
ebbed away.

The boy efficiently stropped my softening cock until he was sure that he had
milked it of every last drop, then allowed it to escape his clasp. My chest
heaved as I panted to regain my breath following the intensity of my orgasm.
Puppy looked at me with a wicked grin on her face. She said with a leer as the
maid and valet retreated off down the corridor, "That was spectacular, hog. I'll
have to inform Master of how dramatically you slug spits after your trash bags
have been whipped. I'm sure he'll be most interested in such a display." She
then turned to June, whose thighs were still quivering with her renewed
stimulation. "Get down there, bitch, and clean up the hog's mess."

June's cheeks flushed crimson as she dropped to her knees and shuffled over to
where my cock cream had splashed down onto the floor. She leant forward, her
heavy breasts swaying sexily, and began to lap up my flood of semen. It took her
a couple of minutes before puppy was satisfied with the job she had done. She
then struggled to he feet and we continued on our way back to our quarters.
Puppy left us in our cell block, and we noted that the phone light was already
on. I can tell you the our tale of the punishment session we had just endured
was described to the listeners with sublime obscenity, and in graphic detail.
June and I tried to outdo each other in the lewd perverseness of our
descriptions. We were not to displease Master with our efforts in this endeavor
again.

Both June and I looked forward to the beginning of the next weekly period, that
of receiving members at the chateau. We longed to suffer for the dominants, to
entertain them with our pain and anguish, to amuse them with the sight of our
submissive nudity being punished for their delight. Even just the thought of it
made my locked up penis strain against its bondage as it struggled to stiffen in
response to my thoughts.

As it happened I was the first to be summoned. After being alerted by the cell
console my hearted pounded with eager anticipation, and delicious dread, while I
waited for a footman to collect me for my first ordeal.

The footman entered the cell block and let me out of my cell. He quickly
strapped my arms behind my back in bent arm bondage. He then, to my delight,
unlocked my penis. The organ, immediately stiffened until it arched, thick and
hot, up and out from my fork, in proud erection. He then strapped my testicles
at their base with a single strap that captured the base of my scrotum. When he
had finished my balls bulged nicely below the base of my stem. The footman
inspected his work, and when satisfied, attached a leash to my nose ring, and
led me from the block.

I walked along behind the rubber clad man, my mind thrilling to the
possibilities that awaited me. I was taken to one of the private rooms, and was
a little disappointed that I was not to be subjected to my torment with an
audience in attendance. However, on this occasion this was not to be. The
footman knocked on the door and was bad to enter. He opened the door and we
moved into the room.

Within the room were three people. A middle aged male chateau member dressed in
a kimono that hung open revealing his semi erect penis, A naked male slut whose
huge prick was fully erect, and a nude male whore whose penis was also fully
erect. The member lounged on a chaise while the two others stood one to either
side of him. The footman moved me into a position before the trio, then forced
me to my knees. I knelt in front of the member with my legs well spread, and my
stiff aching penis arching out lewdly towards him, and waited.

The Master tugged the whore down next to him and I watched with increasing
sexual excitement when the beautiful male whore's hand slipped into the Master's
crotch and began to caress his half limp penis. This went on for a few minutes,
and seemed to be having little effect, if any, on the Master's cock. Then the
dominant nodded imperceptibly to the standing slut. He moved subtly closer to me
and rutted his hips a little, and I noticed for the first time that his massive
sex pole glistened with oil. I, of course, instantly recognised the signal, and
my heart began to pound with sheer lust. The Master wanted to see me arse fucked
for his amusement! I was in heaven, especially as it was mandatory that my arse
had to be warmed up before it could be fucked.

I immediately shuffled over to the whip rack and selected a long cane which I
took between my teeth. I turned, and was surprised to see that the footman had
disappeared, then flushed hotly when I realised that this meant that the Master
was to cane my bottom for me. I waddled over to where he sat and deposited the
cane on the floor. I leant down and adoringly kissed his naked toes, then again
took the cane in my mouth, and rose to present the weapon to him. He took the
cane from my mouth and I turned away from him, bent my torso down, and offered
him the mounds of my smooth bottom cheeks.

"Please, Sir! Please, Sir!" I cried out in my need. I watched in the mirrored
wall as the dominant rose to his feet. The whore attending him slipped to his
knees and took the Master's penis deeply into his mouth and began to
passionately suck on the ropy organ. The Master raised the cane high, and
brought it flashing down towards its freely offered target. The cane cracked
into my flesh and I yelped involuntarily. Actually, the man had not used
anything like the force a footman would have used in that first stroke, and I
gasped out pleadingly, "Harder, Sir!" "Please, Sir!" "Harder, Sir!"

The next stroke was indeed delivered with much more force, and I sobbed with
pain as a line of fire erupted on my swaying bottom. The next four stokes were
all delivered with the same cruelty, and I sobbed out my gratitude and goaded
the man on with my pleas for more. When Master had finished, and I had received
all six strokes, he threw the cane down and resumed his seat, panting with the
effort he had expended. The whore's avid mouth remained on his penis as the male
knelt between the Master's wide flung legs. I took the cane between my teeth and
returned it to the rack. I then waddled back and knelt before the muscular slut.
I leant down and devotedly kissed his toes then reversed my body so that my rear
faced the seated Master. I leant down and raised my striped bottom high, the
cheeks widely split to bare my palpitating anal ring.

I peered back at the standing slut and cried out in lustful passion, "Please,
Sir!" "Please, Sir!" The muscular slut lifted one leg and threw it over my
kneeling nudity until he straddled my lewdly waving bottom. He the bent his
knees until his massive, arching penis was pointed unerringly at its waiting
target, my wildly grasping anal ring. A low moan managed to escape my lips when,
without any thought for my pleasure, or even my well being, the slut drove his
thick penis past my anus and deeply into my hot rectal chute.

The slut drove his hot, throbbing penis into my skewered arse until all of its
thick length had disappeared inside me, and my anal ring was stretched so widely
around the base of the mighty pole of male lust that I felt sure that my flesh
must tear. I was in heaven while I savoured the luscious sensation of having my
man cunt so fully, and utterly packed with hot, throbbing, virile penis. My arse
undulated wildly, as if it had a mind of its own, and the acute ache of the
initial penetration slowly but surely gave way to sublime wanton pleasure. I was
in the position I was born to be in, a slave being fucked by another slave,
purely for the entertainment of a supreme being. I wallowed in my exquisite
depravity with joy in my immaculately submissive heart.

The slut began to fuck my undulating arse with long, slow, full strokes, and I
sobbed with sheer delight while his massive penis plunged in and out of my
pleasure soaked arsehole. I glanced back between my quivering legs in time to
see the whore's mouth relinquish the Master's penis. It was now, finally, fully
erect. The whore then knelt down and presented his arsehole to the Master who
quickly plunged his hard penis into its welcoming depths, and began to
vigorously fuck the hot man cunt. On and on it went. My own prick throbbed and
pulsed with pleasure. My arse ring squeezed the plunging cock with joy, and my
heated hole massaged the stalk of virile lust with all the skill I possessed.

The Master came first, roaring with pleasure as he gushed his cream into the
whore's hot pit. Immediately after this the slut poured his hot juices into my
own wildly churning tunnel of depravity, bathing its convulsing walls in the
creamy issue. My ecstasy while this was occurring was such that I had to
concentrate hard to stop from disgracing myself by allowing my own throbbing
prick to soil the floor below it. I just shrieked with exquisite frustration
while my arse pit milked the gradually softening cock of every last drop it had
to give.

The slut tore his wilting cock from my arse and I knelt up and with infinite
care began to tongue it clean for him. My taste buds were flooded with the
pungent flavours of rectally seasoned cock cream, and my shame and humiliation
reached new and delightful heights. I lapped the thick cock until it shone with
my saliva, and was cleansed of every speck of evidence of our recent rutting.
When I was finished the prick was almost fully erect once again, and I marveled
at the slut's powers of recovery. I leant down and kissed his toes in gratitude
then gasped out "Thank you, Sir!" "Thank you, Sir"

By this time the whore was standing before the Master, who was busily engaged in
sucking his penis. I was initially surprised at this development, a dominant
actually sucking a slave, but then why not? If I got so much pleasure from
sucking penis, why shouldn't a Master? I watched while the whore's lovely penis
was passionately drained of its succulent juice, and felt a sense of
disappointment that it was that Master savouring the luscious cream, and not I.
Coincidentally, just as the Master completed his gorgeous repast, a footman
entered the room, as if by telepathy, and attached his leash to my nose ring,
and I was led out of the room, and back down to the cells. I crawled along
behind the rubber clad dominant, my penis remaining stiff and throbbing between
my mincing thighs.

When we arrived the footman efficiently softened my penis with an ever present
freezing rod, and re-locked it in bent chastity. He then released my hands and
left me to my own devices. I lay on my cot and rested for a while, only to be
aroused by the entry of June into the cell block. She was sobbing quietly, and I
could see that her beautiful breasts had been the subject of a severe whipping.
A female servant, clad in the inevitable rubber, came in almost at the same
time, and was soon busy soothing June's flayed breasts with a variety of healing
ointments. While the servant worked a light on our console, the one signifying
the requirement for a live phone sex session, began to blink. I was about to
respond to its summons when June signaled, insistently, that she would be the
one to handle it, and that she would do it alone. The look on her face showed me
that she was not going to brook any argument in the matter, so I went back to my
cot and settled down to listen to her debase herself in utter depravity, she
began:

'I have just returned from a session with a chateau member. I was collected by a
footman, who, after rendering my arms useless to me but not unlocking my cunt
rings, before leashing me, and led me from my cell. As I crawled along behind
the commanding footman, my heavy tits swinging to and fro, and my wanton arse
cheeks rolling lewdly, I had a bizarre feeling of aching disappointment brought
on by the realisation that my depraved cunt was not going to be used, and in
light of this, wondered what was actually going to happen. We went right to the
end of the long corridor, actually leaving the building. I,  with dreadful
anticipation, was led into an alcove named the 'Garden of Punishment'.

Waiting there was one chateau member, a woman of middle age, attended by two of
the male harlots. The two harlots were nude, as usual, and both sported
gorgeous, erect pricks. The Mistress was still almost fully dressed, although
her big soft breasts hung out of her top, and were being caressed and suckled
tenderly by the two harlots. I watched as the tongues of the sexual minions
tenderly teased and stimulated the swollen nipples of the woman. I was on my
knees with thighs wide spread, lewdly displaying my locked up cunt, and
patiently waiting to be used.

The Dominatrix stared at me with cold cruel eyes, while the whores tongued her
nipples. From time to time she would reach down to one of their erect cocks and
swipe a glob of precum off its tip with a finger, then she would pull the
whore's mouth from her nipple, and erotically paint the hard nubbin with the
sticky fluid, then allow him to take it back into his mouth. This seemed to go
on for ages before the woman finally tired of it.

'Prepare the bitch!" Her voice snapped out loudly, bringing me back to reality
with a thud. The footman, who must have remained in the alcove behind me, came
back into view. He crossed the small clearing to a small, partially hidden,
conveniently placed shed and went into its interior through a small door. When
he emerged from the shed he carried two items that made my heart leap with
fright. In his right hand he held what appeared to be a short pole which had a
kind of bizarre set of glassless goggles made of metal welded to one end. The
two circles of metal each had a small lever in the centre of its lower curve,
and a similar lever, but much larger, was attached to the pole itself, just
below the two metal circles. In his other hand the footman held a whip with many
strands, each about four feet long, and tipped with a tiny steel ball a quarter
of an inch in diameter. There were at least twenty of these strands dropping
away from a handle that was only about a foot long, and was molded into a pistol
grip to assist in maintaining purchase on the weapon when it was swung.

The footman stopped in the centre of the small clearing and dropped the whip
down onto the carefully tended grass. He then raised the pole up and inserted it
into a conveniently placed hole in the ground, and about two feet of its length
disappeared from view, leaving the rest of the pole standing upright, with its
metal circles in a vertical position. When he was satisfied the footman beckoned
to me to join him. I struggled to my feet awkwardly, given that I didn't have
the use of hands or arms to assist in maintaining balance, then walked over to
the rubber clad man with a growing sense of trepidation. As soon as I was in
range, the footman roughly grabbed me and dragged me to him, and thrust me back
down onto my knees in front of the pole, then maneuvered my kneeling nudity
until my thrusting tits were centered in each of the metal circles.

The efficient footman then reached down and fed one full, heavy tit through each
of the circles. Once he was sure that each tit was fully drawn through its
circle, and the metal rings pressed firmly into my chest at the bases of my
tits, he began to work the two levers on the circles up and down vigorously.
This caused the circles to slowly contract, the metal bands biting deeply into
my soft flesh. He continued to work the levers until I was whimpering with hurt,
because, by this time, the rings had shrunk grotesquely, and captured my flesh
so tightly that it began to hurt me terribly. My tits were swelling larger and
larger the tighter the rings were closed, until they began to resemble large
balloons of reddening meat, and their smooth, creamy skin was stretched as taut
as a drum. My teats also swelled fabulously, and began to ache and ache.

Finally the footman was satisfied, and I stared down at my aching tits, so
swollen and red, in utter anguish. I then looked up to see the two male whores
busily removing the Donimatrix's outer clothing. The woman would have been at
least forty years old, but obviously looked after herself physically for her
body was quite fit, and well proportioned. Her breasts were large, but I already
knew this from seeing them earlier. Her waist was a little thick, enclosed as it
was in a leather half corset, and her thighs were full and round. A forest of
crinkley hair struggled to conceal a prominent pussy nestling between those
statuesque thighs, and the thatch glistened with tiny drops of moisture that
betrayed the woman's sexual arousal.

As soon as the whores had finished the sadistic Dominatrix walked over to where
I knelt, so grotesquely captured. The footman handed her the vicious whip. The
woman stared down into my wide eyes with a cruel smirk, then commanded, "Take
care of the bitch's legs, then raise her up so that I can get at her fat,
obscene udders with this little beauty!" She finished, brandishing the evil whip
sadistically. The footman knelt behind me and quickly and efficiently cuffed my
ankles together, then attached these cuffs to the straps binding my wrists.

The footman then stood up and reached down to the lever on the side of the pole.
My heart pounded with terror, and ever growing masochistic lust, for I had
already guessed what was going to happen. The footman worked the lever up and
down with muscular vigor, and I felt my body, almost imperceptibly begin to
rise. All the pressure was being transmitted to my aching, grotesquely trapped
tits, and I began to moan in pain.

My moans were soon transformed into wails of sheer agony when my knees finally
lost contact with the grass, and my nudity was fully suspended by my trapped
tits. The pain was extraordinary. I had never felt anything like it in my life.
How could my tender tits take my weight without being torn off, and it was being
made so much more agonising for me because they were also so horribly tormented
by the tight rings that trapped then so hideously. The footman continued to work
the lever, and my body slowly rose, until my tear filled eyes were staring
straight into those of the brutal Domatrix, and my squeals of anguish were
almost continuous and utterly heartrending.

The cruel sadist stood there smirking at my squawking, suffering nudity, waiting
for me to regain some sort of control over myself. My fevered brain knew what my
duty was, and my masochistic soul longed to have me fulfill it, but the agony
was too great for me to be able to respond accordingly for a couple more
agonising minutes. While stars of sheer agony exploded before my eyes began to
dim slightly, I finally gathered enough control to trust myself to attempt to
utter the expected pleas to my cruel tormentor.

"Please, Madam! Please, Madam!" I almost screeched in my fabulous anguish,
"Please, madam! Please, Madam!" The Mistress laughed with glee at my abject
pleas, and swung the whip back behind her. The two male harlots knelt at the
woman's feet, one behind her, and the other in front. The one behind her gently
spread her voluptuous buttocks apart and slipped his face between them. His lips
and tongue were soon busily pleasuring her anal ring. The whore in front of her
buried his handsome face in her hairy crotch, and his talented tongue was soon
passionately sucking at her drooling pussy.

The sadistic Mistress brought the whip flashing towards my pain soaked tits with
all the force she could muster. My scream of shock and agony reverberated around
the clearing when the myriad of steel balls smashed into my tautly packed
udders. The pain was fabulous! The agony that consumed me was unearthly in its
sheer intensity! My mouth gaped wide in utter shock with the fading echo of my
scream of anguish. The Mistress brought the whip down again, and fresh surges of
agony consumed me utterly, and I howled out my suffering in a fit of masochistic
ecstasy.

"Harder, Madam! Harder, Madam! Harder, Madam!" I squawked in impeccable
masochistic euphoria. Some how managing to respond to my misery in the only
manner available to me, to beg and plead that it be made even more fabulously
horrendous. The brutal Dominatrix was, of course, delighted to accede to my
appeal, and the vicious whip sliced my suffering udders with unerring accuracy,
and without a shred of mercy. Stroke after barbaric stroke lashed the pain
filled globes without let up. The whipping sadist was obviously elated with the
excitement her brutality engendered, and whipped and whipped, with obvious
sadistic delight, her own big soft breasts flopping about wildly as a result of
her pitiless efforts.

Both male whores found that they were now having to use their hands to ensure
that the targets of their passionately sucking mouths could be kept available,
and they sucked the sadist for her pleasure with single minded devotion. The
Mistress whipped and whipped, shrieking with sadistic delight, tinged, by this
time, with the burgeoning of her own pleasure being inexorably drawn from her by
the talented harlots.

My brain was so attuned to my suffering by the time the Mistress was brought to
her shattering orgasm, that I existed solely in my own world of pure, immaculate
masochistic obsession. My locked up cunt literally poured with my juices, which
dripped down onto the grass below my splayed open crotch. My entire being was
pain! My pounding heart yearned for my agony to continue forever! My mind soared
into masochistic paradise and hovered there in flawless ecstasy! It could not
stop, my brain shrieked as yet another savage stroke sliced into my tight
udders! It must not stop my servile soul squealed as the steel balls smashed my
tits yet again! Surely this was my perpetual fate, to be tit whipped for
eternity, my submissive heart pleaded!

While these thoughts fought to dominate my consciousness, the whores finally
sent my tormentor to her own pleasure ecstasy. As soon as her orgasm consumed
her, the Mistress dropped her whip and reached down to the head of the whore
drinking at her spasming pussy, and ground his face into her convulsing sex in
sheer rapture. The harlot at her rear had literally torn her fleshy bottom
cheeks apart, and his long tongue was passionately plunging in and out of her
fabulously stimulated anus.

My own brain, driven insane with suffering, was silently screeching, "Don't
stop! Whip my tits more! Why have you stopped! Please! Please! Whip my tits
again! Whip them Harder! Whip tits! Whip tits! Please! Please!" It was not to
be, however, and the three of them collapsed to the grass in total exhaustion,
leaving me still hanging by my battered tits.

If the Dominatrix was utterly exhausted and totally sated, her two harlots were
not, except, perhaps for their tongues, for their lovely pricks were still as
stiff as steel, and arched out lewdly from their smooth hairless crotches. "Fuck
me, my little whores, back and front, while I watch the tit whipped bitch
hanging there wallow in her suffering!"

"Thank you, Madam! Thank you, Madam!" I sobbed while watching the penises of the
whores slide easily into the Mistress's soaked pussy and anus. The intensity of
my shuddering ebbed slowly while the Mistress enjoyed her slow, sensuous fucks.
The skilled whores were single minded in re-awaking the Mistress' desire, then
building her up to another shattering climax. I hung quietly by my horribly
abused udders, now beginning to go numb, and basked in the after glow of my
misery. The Mistress was brought to her peak, then forced over it by her slave
lovers, and she cried out her pleasure while her pussy exploded yet again. Her
lovers continued to languidly ply her pussy and anal holes while she slowly came
down from her sexual high, then withdrew their still rampant penises. I marveled
at their control, wondering how they managed not to orgasm themselves under such
erotic circumstances.

The Mistress called out to the footman, "Take the bitch away, I've finished with
her carcass!" Then turned her attention back to the whores she lay between. She
reached down into their crotches and cupped their swollen balls in her hands,
and sighed with pleasure, "Clever little sluts, saving all this luscious juice
up for me to savour. You first," She said to the whore who had pleasured her
arse, then bent down and swallowed the entire length of his hot, hard penis into
her voracious mouth.

I whimpered quietly while the footman lowered my hanging nudity until my knees
were again firmly on the ground. The cruel Mistress' sucking grew in passion as
the whore's penis began to reach climax, while the footman was releasing my
fabulously punished tits from the metal rings. The heavy udders flopped down on
my chest, and began to ache with returning feeling while he was returning the
bizarre pole and vicious whip to the shed. I watched the Mistress' throat
convulse while she swallowed the spurting issue of the whore's climaxing penis.
When she had drained it completely dry, she glanced over to my kneeling nudity,
and commented wryly, "Just look at the state of that bitch's raunchy cunt. It
looks like its been dipped in treacle. Next time, bitch, I'll attend to that fat
drooling cunt for you! You'd like that, wouldn't you?" She asked, mockingly as
she was lowering her mouth to the second whore's stiff, arching penis.

"Please, Madam! Please, Madam!" I sobbed out while I watched her eager mouth
engulf the beautiful penis, right down to its thick root. She used one hand to
squeeze the harlot's swollen balls while her other insistently tugged and pulled
at the softened prick of the whore she had already drained. The footman
returned, untied my ankles and removed the cuffs, then dragged me to my feet by
my bound arms, attached the leash to my nose ring, and led my from the clearing,
leaving the trio to continue to indulge themselves in their depraved sexual
games.

While I was led back to my cell I contemplated the terrific ache that had begun
to permeate my whipped tits, and wondered at the horrific suffering such tender
and sensitive mounds were capable of absorbing. My masochistic soul yearned for
more of the same, and my heart soared with submissive happiness when I realised
that more of the same was my fate for the rest of my life!

The light on the console, coincidentally, stopped flashing just as June had
finished her tale of sadistic punishment. The maid had finished treating her
soft tits by this time, and the beautiful mounds had returned to something like
their normal appearance. Her eyes still shone with masochistic delight as she no
doubt, still reveled in the memory of her recent ordeal.

Master's little puppy suddenly swept into the room, attended by a footman, a
handsome young valet, and a cute little maid. The footman quickly unlocked our
sexes, and bound up our arms, and we were led from our cell block.

We found ourselves in a large entertainment room standing, spread legged, before
a half a dozen chateau members who lounged around on easy chairs to watch the
show that was to be put on for them. My cheeks were flushing furiously with
shame, but my penis was rock hard, and arched out towards the seated dominants
proudly. The young valet stood next to me, and the pretty maid, of course, next
to June. On a signal from puppy, both reached into our groins.

The maid began to efficiently frig Junes throbbing clitoris, while the valet
grasped my pulsing stem and began to masturbate my penis with quick, full
strokes. June and I just stood there in our acute shame and embarrassment while
the two servants masturbated us towards orgasm with impersonal proficiency. Soon
my thighs had begun to tremble, and my lean belly to quiver as my orgasm
approached. June, too, was showing clear evidence of rapidly approaching climax.

The audience watched with glee, reveling in our humiliation, but also extremely
erotically excited by the depravity of the lewd spectacle they were enjoying.
It's so delightfully humiliating to be used so lasciviously for the
entertainment of your betters, I thought, my scarlet cheeks burning with shame.
Suddenly my throbbing penis convulsed wildly, and a huge stream of pale cream
spurted from its flaring tip. It took all of my considerable self control not to
squeal out my pleasure while stream after stream of hot semen gushed from my
pulsating prick, and splashed down on the polished wooden floor in front of me.

The valet stropped my spasming penis with cool efficiency until he had squeezed
every last drop of my lust from it. I stood there, gasping for breath, as did
June, and expected to be led from the room now that the members had witnessed
the lewd spectacle of my shameful climax. Instead, a fresh pair of servants were
ushered in, and it all began over again. The gloved hand grasping my still
strongly erect penis stroked again it with the same detached vigour, the
slightly softened testicles at its base were now bouncing perceptibly at its
base. June had, by this time, been brought off a half a dozen times, and her
soft inner thighs were drenched with her cunt juice, and there was even a slight
pool of her sex elixir forming on the floor below her convulsing cunt.

Even as my penis had again begun to gush its lewd pleasure for the amusement of
our audience I found myself aching with jealously that me, a male, was not
capable of the sort of prolonged sexual outpouring that my sister was. My penis
was again drained completely, and to my shock yet another pair of servants were
brought in to masturbate us. After this second climax my penis had softened
significantly, and my testicles flopped around empty between my wide spread
thighs with the vigor of the impersonal masturbation. It took the valet at least
five minutes of constant stropping to get my penis fully erect again, then his
seemingly tireless wrist snapped back and forth rhythmically, as he coaxed yet
another climax from the sated pole of sexual lust.

My outpouring was so diminished when the valet finally succeeded in bringing me
off again that I felt a deep sense of shame and degradation at not being able to
treat the watchers to the same display of wanton depravity that had accompanied
the first two climaxes that had been extracted from my submissive penis. After
this orgasm had run its full course we were led from the room, and I was almost
grateful, for my drained testicles were utterly sated, and ached terribly from
over indulgence. June too appeared to be utterly drained.

We were led back to our cell block. Servants quickly and efficiently bathed our
exhausted bodies, and, after our sexes had been locked up we were chained to our
cots, and allowed to sleep. I can tell you, I didn't take long to be in the land
of nod after that day's experiences, and I dreamt of scenes of pain and
suffering, and depraved sexual excess for hour after hour, as I always did, if
the truth be known. So ended a typical, well not really typical, for there is
never anything like characteristic days for us at the chateau.




chapter 5 - slave's fantasy - john's story

During our first few member free weeks June and I were extensively used to
provide material for the phone sex facility. We were commanded to relate our
most bizarre and perverted fantasies. We were to be closely monitored, and were,
of course, warned of what would befall us should our efforts again provoke
customer complaint. With our previous experience of the Master's wrath still
fresh in our minds we certainly strove to outdo each other in demonstrating
sheer depravity and exquisite masochistic imagery in the tales we told.

As already mentioned our performance in the phone sex business is always closely
monitored. This is not only to detect any short comings in our personal
performance, but also to identify themes and story lines that are proving
popular with the clients. It was soon discovered that clients, and especially
female clients, clearly  favoured a male slave relating tales of extreme
homosexual submission. Much to my humiliation I was instructed to relate
fantasies of this nature more and more frequently. My shame was deeply felt for,
as much as I adore being permitted to sexually worship other superior males, I
am by natural bent, heterosexual. Serving males, as a consequence, always fills
me with special feelings of submissive delight and sensual degradation. I am
sure that this is why I love to be forced to serve males or, more correctly, to
be used pervertedly by males, more than anything else in the world.

Unlike the normal live phone sex activity, these fantasies are always
pre-recorded to provide ongoing material for the facility for all the time we
are not actually available to provide live product, which, of course, is most of
the time, given all the other purposes for which we are constantly used. We
spent many hours making these recordings, and are required to make at least ten
a month, and each of these has to last for at least two hours. As can be
imagined this task is not easy. It is difficult to maintain erotic intensity for
such an extended period. For this reason Master had a special room set up to
make the recordings in, a sort of sound studio, although I'm certain no
recording company would have possessed a studio like this.

Let me describe the manner in which I am prepared when required to relate a
fantasy such as the one I                                            will relate
now. I am placed in extreme bondage in the studio. My legs are securely strapped
together at ankles, knees and thighs, then bent so that my ankles can be
strapped to my thighs. My arms are similarly strapped together behind my back at
wrists, elbows and forearms. My bound legs are bent up along my torso, and my
arms and legs are strapped together so that I form a sort of fleshy, nude ball.
I am then placed on a small table, and my bound nudity is securely tied to it.
My back is was severely arched so that my naked arse is raised high, as is my
head.

Once my body is fully bound and I can't move a muscle, two free standing racks
are wheeled in, one in front of me, and one behind my raised hind quarters. The
one that is positioned in fro nt of my face is really only a metal rod, with a
set of especially designed goggles fixed to its top. These goggles are pressed
up to my eyes, then taped to my head so that I am forced to look through them.
The goggles are constructed so that they force my eyes to look at only a
circular area about two foot in diameter, and is focused on a seat that is
placed in front of my bizarrely bound nudity.

The contraption at my rear is much more complicated. It consists of a motorised
dildo. The rubber penis is twelve inches long, and two inches wide, and is
perfectly crafted in every respect. The geared dildo is designed to move almost
its entire length back and forth with each rotation of the piston of its small
motor. This dildo is liberally lubricated, and I sigh with pleasure when it
slowly sinks, to the hilt, into my welcoming arsehole, and begins, exquisitely
slowly, to fuck me with long full strokes. I am pleased beyond belief when my
penis is unlocked and allowed to hang, lewdly, below my up thrust arse.

Within a minute, however, my prick swells to full erection, and throbs wildly,
on the edge of orgasm. It remains so for the entire length of the recording
session. All is in readiness. One of the chateau's male sluts sits in the seat
that is the focus of my gaze, and I find myself starting helplessly at his stiff
penis and large hairless balls. Throughout the session either a male slut, or a
male whore occupies this seat, and presents my excited eyes with a stiff penis
to gaze at lovingly while I spin my perverted tale. Thus, am I prepared for my
task, and the tale I spin on this occasion was as follows:

It all began when Master was entertaining a visitor from the middle east. The
Arab was singing the praises of a slave he had trained from birth to be a cock
sucker. He related to Master that this particular slave had once sucked off the
pricks of his entire personal guard battalion in one twenty four hour period.
This amounted to a phenomenal six hundred cocks drained by the sucking slave in
one session. He believed that this was a world record. Master, who was a man not
to be outdone in anything, suggested to the Arab that his slave, pig, although
not trained from birth, and not a homosexual could, with a little erotic
incentive, easily break this record.

 It came to pass during the conversation that the Arab's slave was significantly
assisted in his marathon effort by the guard members endeavoring to ensure that
their orgasms were imminent, before presenting the slave's mouth with their
cocks. When he heard this Master, of course, with his arrogant nature replied
that his pig could not only break the record under such conditions, but would
set the new mark at a least double that which the Arab's slave had achieved. The
Arab, of course, scoffed at this, and even mockingly questioned Master's sanity.
This, naturally, pricked Master's arrogant sense of superiority even more, and
his response was to challenge the Arab to put his money where his mouth was.

This conversation was taking place at the dinner table, and I was in the
position I normally occupy during such events, under the table, naked, with my
arms immobilized behind my back. My penis was bent double, and tightly strapped
up in chastity mode. I was tethered to a metal ring embedded in the floor,
roughly at the centre of the table, by my fat swollen balls. The tether that
trapped my balls at their base was made of a special elasticised material with a
certain amount of, but not too much give. Each of the guests had ensured that
they wore no underwear, and that their mode of dress ensured that their genitals
were easy to get at, even if the slave doing so had no hands to assist him. At
the precise point where Master made his outlandish bet my face was buried in the
open crotch of Mistress, and my tongue was devotedly teasing the erect,
throbbing stalk of her large clitoris.

My aching testicles were cruelly stretched out from my body while I sucked
eagerly for Mistress' divine essence. The pain in my abused balls was of little
consequence to me, for my mouth was tasting its favourite flavour, Mistress'
hot, wet, aroused pussy. My ears burned with humiliation when I heard Master
make his extraordinary bet. He wagered one million dollars on me sucking off in
excess of twelve hundred cocks within a mere twenty four hour period! How could
he subject me to this! How on earth could I ever manage to complete this almost
unimaginable task! Mistress, as if reading what was going through my mind,
strongly squeezed my head between her full, smooth thighs, while I tongued her
swollen clitoris with utterly wanton abandon.

But there was more to come! The Arab, playing my boastful Master like a well
tuned instrument added further spice to the bet. He suggested to Master that if
his slave won, he would gladly give Master the money, but he didn't need money
if Master lost. Instead he would take possession of me, Master's slave, have me
castrated, then added to a harem of de-balled slaves he had established over
time to cater to the needs of his poorer subjects . Master, displaying his
arrogance at its worst, readily agreed to the Arab's proposition. Mistress, with
her delicious sense of irony, not to mention exquisite cruelty, chose this
moment, when she knew that I would be shaking with terror, to flood my mouth
with the juices of her exploding pussy. I joyfully slurped up the torrent of
rich, pungent, pussy juice even though by this time I was in a state of sheer
horror. I didn't want to be castrated! I didn't want to spend my life sucking
off poor Arabs, or being fucked by them! I wanted to remain with Master and
Mistress! To be their mindless slave! To suffer the torments they inflicted on
me! To serve them with every fibre of my being! The enormity of the challenge
that lay before me had already begun to focus my mind. I would succeed! I just
had to!

The dinner lasted for another hour or so, but my services were not called on for
the rest of the time, so I had the opportunity to ponder the fate Master had
condemned me to. The conversation, during this time, above me, mainly revolved
around the arrangements that would have to be made for the event. It was decided
to hold it in one months time. The intervening time would be needed to gather
enough males in one place to be able to actually conduct the attempt. Master
decided he would be able to get eight or nine hundred males into the main
auditorium of his club complex if he conscripted all his dominant members, and
they were persuaded to allow their own male slaves to participate. The slaves
could actually serve a dual purpose, as they could also be used to prepare
penises for my mouth in a manner similar to that that had occurred for the
Arab's slave.

The dinner broke up and the guests made ready to move out into the living area
for after dinner drinks. Master summoned his Whip Master and instructed him,
"Take the pig to the worship room and place him in worship bondage. Free his
slug and administer the normal six strokes to it so that he may worship in pain.
I'll be along after the guests have left to inform him of my plans for the
record attempt."

The dinner party left the dining room and the table was moved from over my
tethered nudity. The Whip Master quickly untaped my balls and clipped a leash to
my nose ring. He led me from the room and down the long corridor to our
specially designed worship room. This room was designed to be used by me and my
sister slave (Who actually is my twin sister), sow, to worship our celestial
owners in silent adoration for hours on end. It is only right that we be made to
suffer for this privilege.

We entered the room and the whip master forced my head down, using a boot on my
neck to keep me in place. He then quickly and efficiently taped my wrists and
elbows together behind my back, then taped both my knees and ankles together. I
was then maneuvered into my kneeling posture, and my wrists and ankles were
securely joined. This caused me to have to look straight up towards the ceiling
of the room. On the ceiling were full length portraits of both Master and
Mistress, dressed in their most appealing dominant costumes. I gazed adoringly
up at these images while the Whip Master unstrapped my prick, which snapped to
throbbing attention the moment it was freed in response to the wonderful sight
that my wide eyes took in.

The cruel Whip Master chuckled sadistically at the depraved nature of my wanton
reaction while he unsheathed the ever present cane from his belt. He drew the
cane back and lashed it savagely into the base of my standing penis. I yelped
involuntarily when the pain flashing up from my prick exploded in my brain. The
efficient Whip Master wasted no time , and five more strokes of the cane were
quickly delivered, with equal viciousness, up the length of my rigid cock,
evenly spaced from its base to its tip. My whole column of sexuality literally
throbbed with pain by the time he had finished, and my chest heaved with racking
sobs of suffering.

The Whip Master then switched off all the lights in the room except the one that
highlighted the exciting ceiling. As he closed the door to the worship room a
metal rod slowly descended from the ceiling towards my upturned face. Attached
to the end of this rod were a pair of Mistress' diaphanous panties, soiled of
course, and one of Master's favoured leather G strings, not cleaned since he
last wore it. These items descended until they both brushed lightly against the
tip of my nose. My sense of smell was slowly inundated with the aromas of my
owners' sexuality, each aroma dueling with the other for my attention.

I was left alone in the silent room, my eyes filled with the images of my divine
dominator's, my nose filled with the sacred aromas of their sexuality, and, when
I stretched out my tongue I was able to brush it against the crotch areas of the
sexy G strings, and so my taste buds joined my other senses in being dominated
by the delicious flavours of their commanding sexuality. My penis continued to
throb with pain while I joyfully worshipped, and adored my fabulous owners with
every fibre of my being. The hours slipped by and the pain in my punished penis
slowly faded, but the intensity of my adoration was such that my prick remained
as stiff as steel, and sheer happiness totally consumed me.

Suddenly the door to my silent chapel opened and Master swept in. He turned on
the lights, withdrew the rod, then stood before me. A surge of joy swept over
me, and my prick pulsed with excitement. I was again permitted to gaze upon the
person of my adored owner, dressed so deliciously dominantly in his customised
black leather.

"Pig!" He announced without preamble, "You have no doubt been reveling in the
perversity of the challenge I have set for you. I shall reward you mightily when
you win for me!" He stated, as if failure was not even the remotest possibility.
"Yes, pig, after your triumph I intend to alter your slug spitting ceremony.
You'll still be required to spit your trash five times, but instead of the first
four being by your own hand, only the first will then be extracted in this
fashion. The second will be extracted, by the sow's tight arse crater, the third
by that bitch's slattern cooze, and the fourth by her wanton gullet. The final
one will still be extracted with a whip, for I would never deny you this, your
ultimate expression of your perverted submission! As usual, however, the
ceremony will always be conducted to entertain an audience. On special occasions
I may even allow the slut sow to tit whip your slug to a spit! Oh, yes! I'll be
mightily pleased when I have that Arab's million bucks warming my bank account!"

My heart was pounding with happiness. Master, in the entire five years I had
been in his possession, had never allowed my slug vomit to be extracted by
anything approaching normal means, and to use my twin to do it! It would be so
deliciously perverted! So gorgeously depraved. We would revel in our submissive
debauchery for the audience with fabulous joy! Master brought me back to reality
as he continued to explain the detail of his plan.

"You go into training for the challenge immediately, pig. I have already got
workers constructing a new chapel of worship especially designed for your
conditioning. You will spend every waking minute in this room adoring penis.
Penis will become your one true God! Penis will become your sole reason for
being! Your need to suck hot, hard penis will become all consuming! Your craving
to drink the creamy issue from spurting penis will dominate your every thought!
Your slave heart will break with utter sorrow whenever your mouth is not closed
around the fat, hot head of a spurting penis! You will be reduced to
heartrending sadness every second that your yearning mouth is not filled with
throbbing penis! You will soar with unutterable joy each time a torrent of
creamy man cum splashes into the back of your joyful gullet!"

Master was right! I was already yearning to suck a penis. My submissive brain
was already attuning itself to my delicious humiliation. I found myself becoming
totally confident that the desire to suck off so many penises would never wane.
Now it was just a matter of being physically capable of the feat. Master
continued to relate his training regime for me.

"For the entire month, pig, your own fat slug will be kept in strict chastity
bondage. You will receive no punishment what so ever. You will not be used by
anyone at all for any purpose. You will focus your slave being on penis to the
exclusion of all other things. You will sleep in your worship bondage so that
when you wake you will be able to immediately resume your single minded devotion 
and adoration. You will verbally express yourself in your devotions with
appropriate statements of worship that will be flashed to you once every minute
that you are awake. You will not see either Mistress, or myself for the entire
month. In fact you will be attended to by Whip Master who will feed and water
you through specially crafted rubber penises which are being created as we
speak. Twice a day Whip Master with bath your carcass, and allow you to shit and
piss. He will not say a word to you, nor will you to him."

My fevered brain was filled with conflicting emotions. Not to see my adored
owners for a whole month! I would die from sadness! I found it hard to even
contemplate being forced to worship penis every second for an entire month. It
would condition my brain completely! Such prolonged brain washing would be
totally mind altering, even if it wasn't voluntary. I found myself wondering
just how long it would take me to actually get over the conditioning, how long
after the event it had prepared me for was over. "That is all, pig!" Master
concluded. He didn't even wish me luck, to him luck would have nothing to do
with it. I wished that I had his confidence but, never the less, I was already
beginning to dismiss the thought of failure from my mind. It had begun.

The Whip Master took control of me as soon as Master had left. I was released
from my worship bondage and led from the chapel. Soon we entered what was to be
my home for the next month. The room was small and square, and completely dark,
except for one cone of light that illuminated a one metre square piece of the
floor. The Whip Master thrust me into that light and then began to place me in
fresh bondage. When he was finished I resembled a ball of naked flesh anchored
to the floor by means of straps and eyebolts. I was unable to move a muscle. My
legs and arms were strapped to my body tightly, and a stiff collar ensured that
me head was held up, and rendered motionless. The Whip Master had softened my
cock with a special freezing metal rod designed specifically for that purpose.
He then put my prick in the smallest bent penis chastity glove that we had. My
big cock was reduced to the size of a child's, and had no hope whatsoever of
stiffening.

Once he was finished with me the light was turned off and the room was plunged
into total darkness. Then a screen of super high resolution was suddenly brought
to life. My blood rushed to my head at what was displayed before my eyes. The
screen, perhaps two feet square, showed a beautiful penis, fully erect, with a
flaring head, and a set of bulging testicles nestling at its thick base. The
gorgeous penis seemed to throb and pulsate at the same time, and its sheer
sensual and wanton splendor actually made my mouth water with longing. Seconds
later, even before I had managed to control my brain's elation at being
permitted to gaze at such a sight, a line of text scrolled across the top of the
screen. Remembering my explicit instructions from Master I reacted immediately.

"I adore exquisite, stiff, throbbing, virile, manly penis!" I gasped out in a
clear voice.

What followed was a series of similar statements, almost like a litany. Each
series of statements were changed every day during the whole month, but always
had me verbally adoring, worshipping, and pledging my undying submission to the
penises that the screen depicted, and as a consequence, all the penises of the
world. A typical series of statements was as follows:

"I bow in utter, and joyful, submission before the glory of sacred penis!"

"I exist solely to stare in utter adoration at my one true God, exquisitely
divine penis!"

"My whole being, body and soul, ache with longing when in the presence of
heavenly penis!"

"My adoring lips yearn to kiss, with total devotion, the sacred flesh of divine
penis!"

"My adulating tongue hungers to lap the hot meat of stiff, precious penis!"

"My worshipping throat aches with craving to squeeze the radiant head of sacred
penis!"

"My being adores the hallowed testicles that grace the base of my God, holy
penis!"

"My base, slave belly yearns to be filled with the sacred elixir that hallowed
penis gushes!"

"Your divine essence, godly penis, is the only sustenance your adoring slave
desires!"

"Your pleasure, omnipotent penis, is the sole reason for this slave's
existence!"

"Please, adored penis, accept this slave's worshipping mouth for your pleasure!"

"Please, cherished penis, feed this adoring slave's yearning belly with the
sacred essence of your hallowed testicles!"

"Please, lord penis, allow this perverted slave to suck on your scared meat!"

"Please, peerless penis, permit this slave to worship you with utter adoration!"

"Please, sanctified penis, accept this lewd slave's immaculate submission!"

"Please, hallowed penis, feed this adoring slave with your scared cream!"

"I live to suck glorious penis!"

"I exist to drink from divine testicles"

"I adore you, succulent penis!"

I worship you, charming penis!"

"I treasure you, priceless penis!"

"I was created to suck you for your pleasure, glorious penis!"

"I was spawned to drink from you divine testicles, sacred penis!"

"With every fibre of my being, I worship you, Fabulous penis!"

"With every fibre of my existence, I adore you, phenomenal penis!"

"Please, adored penis! Please sacred penis! Allow this whore slave to suck you
for your eternal pleasure!"

"Adored penis, I suck you! I suck you! I suck you! I suck you!"

"Fabulous, wonderful, awesome, breathtaking, wondrous penis, I am your
consummate slave!"

"I love you, exquisite Penis!"

"I adore you, cherished penis!"

"I worship you, priceless penis!"

"I am, purely, an adoring sucking machine for you magnificence, phenomenal
penis!"

And so it went on. Me, in my total bondage, staring in adoration at the perfect
penis displayed before my fevered eyes, reading the script that my Master had
designed for my conditioning. For hour after hour I kept up this perverse
litany. My heart pounded with lust! My blood boiled with longing! My brain sang
with delightful degradation! I became so closely attuned to penis that nothing
else ever entered my mind. The obscene litany changed every two or three hours,
but each succeeding one was as perverted as the last, if not more so.

By the end of the first week when the Whipmaster came to either feed, or assist
me to undertake toilet functions, I found that I could not stop my eyes from
immediately staring at his crotch, and my heart from breaking because his penis
was not in my mouth. By the end of the third week, when these activities were
undertaken, I found that I continued to babble out the lewd litany that I had
been reciting not with standing that I could no longer see the words. By the end
of the whole period I had been reduced to a penis adoring, single minded penis
sucking machine. My fevered brain could not conceive that I could continue to
exist unless a big juicy penis was buried in my sucking mouth, to be adored and
worshipped, and drained of its succulent elixir.

My state of mind was such that the fear I had at first experienced when the
Master's grotesque bet had been made no longer even entered my mind. Of course I
would suck as many penises as required! I would happily suck twice as many if
allowed! The only real test was whether, or not, it was physically possible to
suck off the required number in the time allowed.

At last the big day arrived. I was finally freed from the bondage I had been
kept in for the previous month. This was not to say that I returned to any
normal state, nothing could have less true. I was a cock adoring harlot! Nothing
existed for my except hot, stiff penis. After I was cleaned, and my stringent
penis chastity replaced by one even more constricting, we made ready to leave
for Master's club. Master even had to put my head in a total sensory deprivation
helmet before we left, because whenever we came across a male I immediately
crawled to him, buried my face in his crotch, and endevoured to get at his cock
with my mouth. Master, and the servants, had to physically restrain me, to
actually stop me from achieving my aim.

Once my head was encased in the helmet I had to live with my frustration and
feral yearning. For the entire trip my mind was in turmoil. Why wasn't Master
stopping every time he saw a man on the sidewalk, and letting me suck his penis
for him! Why was Master being so heartless! Didn't Master know that I needed to
be sucking penis to live! Why hadn't Master made sure that he had a few men
traveling with us, so that I could be sucking their lovely penises the whole
time! Master was so cruel to be denying me the pleasure of a hot, hard penis for
my adoring mouth to worship!

We arrived at the club, and I was carried inside by attendants. A special
bondage rack had been set up for me in the club's main auditorium. The rack had
been especially designed for the event. The attendants left the helmet on my
head while they attached my naked body to this frame. First my arms and legs
were strapped into full length leather binders. My legs were then strapped to my
torso, and I was tied to the top of the frame. My arms were strapped to my back,
and my face was rested on a special chin rest.

A thin strap was tied around the base of my testicles, and then attached to a
stay that kept the hugely swollen orbs that ached so wonderfully, firmly in
place. The helmet was then stripped from my head, and I was able to see, talk
and hear once again. My first reaction was to immediately begin to babble out my
penis worshipping litany, as soon as I saw that the room was filled with people,
predominantly males, but not exclusively so. Most of the men were fully dressed,
although their penises were invariable hanging from their pants.

A multitude of nude slaves were busily engaged in stimulating penises, getting
the gorgeous poles of male sexuality hot and hard, and on the verge of spurting
their elixir. A strap was placed around my head to keep it still as a final
preparation, then Master approached and inspected the work of the attendants.
"No! No!" He snapped, then had my arms unbound, and I found that my hands were
being tied, one on either side of my body, to two what were obviously handles,
albeit in the shape of erect penises. Master then mounted the stage area of the
auditorium and called for silence through the PA system. The buzzing noise that
was filling the room slowly dissipated until there was almost complete silence,
the Master began his announcement:

"First of all, my friends, I thank you all for coming tonight. You have
responded wonderfully to my call, no doubt as anxious as I for the contest to be
won. The pig has been prepared, as you can all see. To ensure that his efforts
don't wane I have arranged for his nuts to be thrashed, so he can earn the right
to drink from each cock he services. I'm sure the pig is beside himself with
happiness at this announcement, and will redouble his efforts as a result."
Master continued with a chuckle. My heart pounded with lust. I couldn't have
cared if my testicles were to be whipped from my fork, just so long as I had a
lovely hot stiff penis spurting into my adoring mouth.

"Remember, friends, the pig has to suck a minimum of one thousand two hundred
cocks off over the next twenty four hours. So make sure you're ready to shoot
once he has you in his mouth. I have arranged for more men to come to the club
throughout the period of the test, and these will supplement your efforts I'm
sure. The pig's slave sister has been co-opted to become the cock presenter, and
she is being wheeled in as we speak. Remember, you're not to start until the gun
has sounded, and my friend from Arabia is here to witness the contest." With
that Master left the stage.

My sister slave was bound to mobile rack which was wheeled over to my captive
nudity. Her rack was positioned so that her right hand, the only part of her
voluptuous body that was free, would be able to reach out and guide each penis
to my mouth. I knew that she would be beside herself with jealousy. To have her
hand on so many penises, but not to be permitted to suck even one, but to be
forced to feed their hot, stiff, manly lengths into my mouth would have her
green with envy. I didn't care! All penises were mine to suck! All testicles
were mine to drain! She would have none! I would have them all!

I glanced down, and in my feverish frenzy noted that a line had been drawn on
the floor with chalk, and wondered why. I was soon to find out. Suddenly, a loud
pistol shot rent the atmosphere of the noisy room. Almost before its echo had
died away a man stepped up to this line, his long, thick penis throbbing on the
edge of orgasm. My sister's hand reached out and grasped the hot pole midway up
its pulsating length and bent it forward towards my gaping mouth. Suddenly it
was all clear to me.

My hands pulled hard on the penis handles they grasped, and my captive nudity
surged forward a couple of inches. My trapped testicles were stretched out from
my fork, and were immediately flayed by what must have been a multy stranded
whip of light laces. The pain was gorgeous, not gut wrenching agony, more of a
terrible, but continuous stinging as the wiring laces thrashed my swollen eggs.
But none of it made any difference to me. My movement, small as it was, brought
my yearning mouth into range, and I was able to engulf the juicy head, and an
inch or so of the hot stem of the fabulous penis into the adoring confines of my
worshipping mouth. My heart exploded with sheer joy! Time seemed to stand still
while I wallowed in my utter happiness! My mouth sucked the juicy penis head
with such adoring passion that it throbbed with pleasure immediately. Perhaps
ten, but no more than fifteen seconds later, stars of ecstasy exploded in my
brain to the exquisite sensation of a huge stream of hot, aromatic semen
splashing into the back of my throat. I gulped the creamy fluid down in utter
rapture just in time to receive the next powerful spurt of that luscious elixir.
I swallowed the juices of the spurting penis while sucking tenderly on the
convulsing meat until the strength of its explosion began to ebb. When this
happened my sister slave efficiently stropped the stem, forcing every last drop
from the spent organ, and I experienced a sensation of extreme loss when it was
abruptly withdrawn from my worshipping mouth.

My hands allowed my body to slip back on the rack, and the flaying of my
testicles ceased. But all this was only momentary for, no sooner had the spent
penis been withdrawn, than another one, hot and hard, and pulsating with
impending climax, was offered to me by my sister's hand. I literally threw my
body forward, and the stinging laces lashed my bulging testicles with delightful
cruelty while my mouth sucked wildly of the hot, hard juicy knob of male
sexuality. Within seconds it too was flooding my adoring mouth with its sacred
issue. I drank joyfully from the spasming penis until it was completely drained.

On and on it went, for hour after hour. As each wonderful penis surrendered its
scrumptious cream to my passionately sucking mouth, and my throat gulped down
its offering, my crazed mind was already yearning for a new one, with tight full
testicles ready to surrender their elixir to my worshipping gullet. Time seemed
to mean little to me. I was not even aware of its passing. My brain was
perfectly attuned to my deliciously degrading task. My consciousness seemed to
be forever changing with emotion. Firstly, the joy that flooded me when each new
penis entered my mouth, hot, stiff, and throbbing, the ecstasy that flooded me
when my passionate mouth succeeded in causing it to explode, to fill my
worshipping mouth with delectable juice, the bliss of savouring the luscious
flavours while I gulped that creamy issue down, and the sheer despondency of
utter loss when I realised that the fabulous penis was exhausted, had no more of
its scrumptious fluid to give, then the whole cycle restarted.

Oh how Master knew his slave's needs! How delightfully he understood his slave's
cravings! To reduce me with diabolical sureness, to a cock adoring, prick
worshipping, penis adulating harlot! To tease, and deny me for so long, so that
all I could think of was sucking fabulous penis, all I could dream of was
drinking luscious penis cream! Then to grant me only one of the three joys I
craved so badly! To continue to deny me the joy of sucking a lovely penis from
soft beginnings to hot, throbbing stiffness! To deny me the delight of sensualy
sucking rigid, pulsating penis to the point of explosion with my passionate
mouth and eager tongue! But not to deny me the fabulous ecstasy of sucking the
spurting tip of a pleasure filled penis, and to drink its divine essence!
Indeed, not only not to deny me this, but to ensure that it alone was my sole
reason for being, to ensure that my adoring mouth was continuously filled with
hot, spurting penis! It was good! So good!

Eventually I was no longer even allowing my body to slip back between penises,
and the thrashing of my aching testicles never ceased. I kept my passionate
submissive mouth gaping wide to welcome each gorgeous penis that my slave sister
fed me, my long tongue reaching out to greet the hot meet with joy and
happiness. If the next penis was even slightly late in coming I found myself
pleading, like a petulant child, "Give my adoring mouth a penis to worship,
Please! Please! A fabulous penis! Please! Please!" Needless to say, my abject
pleas were always acceded to with a minimum of delay.

It felt like I had been sucking penis forever when the sound system sprang to
life with Master announcing, "Half time, folks! Let's check the score! Six
hundred and ninety eight! The pig has managed to drain six hundred and ninety
eight pricks in the first half!" There was more than a smattering of
enthusiastic applause from the gathering at this news, then Master continued,
"We will have a short break while slaves attend to the pig's ablutions." He
chuckled, then added, "I'm sure the swine requires no sustenance. We'll make a
couple of changes to his setup, then it's back to business."

For my part, all I could think of was that there were no penises being presented
to my worshipping mouth, and I was consumed by a sense of profound sadness.
Indeed, while the dildo was being removed from my aching arsehole, and
humiliatingly, my excrement was flowing into a bucket the slave held, I began to
recite my conditioning litanies with frenzied fervor. The crowd that had
gathered to witness my shame while I vacated my bowels mocked me with scornful
laughter while listening to , "I adore fabulous penis! I exist to pleasure
sacred penis with my worshipping mouth! I wallow in utter ecstasy when the cream
of succulent testicles is spurting down my gulping gullet!"

The chastity was ripped from my contorted penis, and I immediately, and
humiliatingly, began to urinate into a bucket held by a slave. The slave had to
be attentive to his task because, the instant my prick was freed it began to
lengthen and stiffen and, well before I had voided my aching bladder, it was a
stiff as steel, and throbbed wildly. As soon as I had finished the slave made to
soften my prick by caressing it with a freezing metal rod, but was stopped in
his tracks by Master. Master gave the slave a special torment cock ring that he
rarely used on me. I shuddered with dread when the leather ring was securely
fixed to the base of my fabulously throbbing stalk. This ring was designed
specifically to prevent spurting, but not climax. I was to be subjected to dry
orgasms, a most painful experience.

I noticed that my sister slave was being freed from her own bondage while I was
being tended to. She was then tied securely to the base of my rack so that she
was forced to maintain a position with her head adjacent to my now achingly
stiff penis, and I could feel her warm breath on my throbbing stalk. "Here,
slave, treat the pig's fat nuts with this. I want them to feel what is to be
inflicted on them as never before!" Master ordered. I felt a kind of ointment
being massaged into the tender meat of my trapped testicles. After a few minutes
the swollen orbs seemed to become acutely sensitised. "Replace that light flail
with the heavier one." Master commanded, and I realised that the lashing of my
testicles was to become a painful ordeal, rather than a light punishment, for
the rest of the period.

"You, bitch, are to suck the pig's slug for him. I want him teased and
stimulated relentlessly. I want his aching nuts to be filled to bursting while
they are whipped." I was beginning to wonder why Master was going to make my
ordeal so much harder for the second half of the period. Why was he trying to
take my mind off my degrading task. Why was I to be subjected to such horrendous
distractions. Then I realised, of course, that Master, the supremely cruel
sadist, was granting me the opportunity to demonstrate my utter submission to
his will to the people by out performing even myself during the rest of the
period. I was to show those witnessing my shame and humiliation, that I was the
consummate slave, capable of sexual feats of magnificent proportions, despite my
pain and suffering.

Master, while being barbarically cruel, was not fully aware of the success of my
conditioning. Despite all that was to happen to me, in my own mind, at that
instant was only one thing. Why wasn't there a fabulous hot, stiff, throbbing
penis in my worshipping mouth! Why wasn't a stream of delicious male sex cream
flowing down my adoring throat to feed my yearning belly with its craved
sustenance. My verbal utterances were soon reflecting my state of mind as I
begged and pleaded for a penis to suck.

I noted that my sister had been replaced by a nude male slave who was to be
charged with presenting my mouth with the penises it was to service. I didn't
care, really, just so that the line of penises was to be endless! Master
announced that half time was over. My heart soared with joy and elation! My
penis adoring mouth was no longer to be denied! A gorgeous stiff, juicy penis
was presented to my adoring mouth by the new slave, and sheer happiness washed
over me when I tugged my bound nudity forward and engulfed its dripping head in
my mouth.

Immediately my swollen balls were flayed with the new laces. This time the pain
was powerful and flooded me completely. I didn't care! I wanted it to be even
more barbaric! I needed to suffer to earn the right to suck succulent glorious
penis! A slave should suffer for his rewards! It was only right and proper! So
while my mouth passionately sucked the hot hard penis, a part of my fevered mind
was begging that the flaying of my tormented testicles be inflicted with more
force, more power, more cruelty. All of this was complimented by the exquisite
sensations of my beautiful slave sister's hot passionate mouth on my raging
prick. She sucked the top third of my spasming cock with a passion bordering on
the frantic, and pleasure was soon vying with pain, for my attentions.

Within seconds the penis in my mouth spurted its elixir. I wallowed in my
degradation while stream after stream of its aromatic cream flowed down my
gulping throat. I was back where I belonged, drinking the issues of sacred
testicles directly from the divine font of the penis. Another penis was
presented to my adoring mouth, and I sucked it with such passion that it too
exploded before ten seconds had passed. It was replaced by another, and another,
and another. I was in slave paradise!

Time passed, although I was completely unaware of its passing, such was my
single minded concentration on the never ending succession of penises that my
worshipping mouth so joyfully embraced. My own prick surrendered to the supreme
talents of my sister's wanton mouth over and over, and my flayed testicles
bulged and swelled with each climax she extracted from my throbbing cock, which,
of course, was prevented from actually spurting. Soon the sheer ache permeating
my abused testicles clearly out weighed the pain of the whip.

Rather than becoming less enthusiastic as the number of penises I serviced
mounted I found my heart aching with yearning for a fresh one to suck, even
before the one I was actually sucking had been completely drained. Rather than
becoming an automaton, and sucking with mechanical precision, I found my mouth
was sucking each new penis that it was allowed to embrace with ever increasing
passion, and it was actually taking less time to drive each penis to gushing
climax as the time went by.

All of a sudden a loud roar reverberated around the auditorium, followed by
sustained applause. I only became aware of this because of the sheer volume of
the outburst, such was my utter concentration on the delightful task at hand. It
was, of course, prompted by the fact that my target had been reached, twelve
hundred penises had fed my insatiable mouth with their luscious cream, and still
there was time to go! I continued to suck with renewed devotion and
exhilaration. I had almost convinced myself that Master would allow me to go on
forever! I was to be disappointed, of course, for just as a particularly large
penis was stretching my jaws wide, and flooding my wriggling tongue with a fresh
load of luscious ball cream, a pistol shot echoed around the room. It was over!
I had triumphed!

But what was happening! The slave's hand didn't have a new penis in it! My mouth
gaped lewdly, and I pleaded for a new penis to worship. What was wrong! Why was
Master denying me! Surly there were hundreds more penises for me to suck. I
needed to suck more penises, and my heart was breaking when no more were being
presented to me. Tears of frustration poured down my cheeks as I begged and
pleaded.

Master approached me, being congratulated by the multitude on my performance on
his way. He shut me up, and ordered that I be freed from my bondage, and brought
to the stage. Master then went off to that area and began to speak to the
gathering. I listened while my body was being freed, "The pig has performed
magnificently, my friends. I intend to reward the swine mightily for his
efforts" While the attendants worked on me the Arab mounted the stage and, with
surprisingly good grace, congratulated Master, and paid off his debt. Then
Master called, "I need four slaves with strong arms, and one whose prick slug
has been completely drained. Can anyone help me?"

It didn't take long for Masters and Mistresses to provide the slaves called for,
and while I was being led to the stage by a leash, my swollen nuts were tight
and hurting between my legs, and my achingly stiff cock was still captured in
its grotesque cock ring. My sister slave was also led to the stage, and soon we
were all lined up eagerly awaiting Master's pleasure, at least I knew that I
was. On the way to the stage the attendant leading me had to drag me away from
the limp penises that we passed, to prevent me from trying to suck them. I was
still completely dominated by the need to suck penis, and the man had to
exercise quite powerful means to stop me from achieving those desires.

Master conferred with the attendant, then he, and two of his colleagues, began
to prepare me and my sister for the climax to the proceedings, my reward. I was
rebound, on my back, facing upwards, on a low frame that allowed my head to hang
free, and caused my constricted penis to arch straight up from my splayed fork.
The cruel cock ring was replaced with a presenter that ensured that my penis
could now gush but still remained upright. Then my swollen testicles had the
strap at their base removed. The huge orbs were so full and tight that they
didn't even droop a fraction of an inch when the strap was removed.

My sister was hung by her ankles from the ceiling above, and her nudity
positioned so that her head was poised over the rearing stalk of my fabulously
stiff penis. Her height was adjusted until she was able to easily reach the
swollen head of my penis with her tongue, but unable to actually take it in her
mouth. Broad straps were cinched tightly around the bases of her lovely breasts
so that the large mounds no longer drooped down towards her face, but rather
stood out proud and tight from her slender torso.

Two of the slaves were armed with cluster whips of light wires, and they took up
positions on either side of my strapped down nudity, adjacent to my arching
penis. A third slave was armed with a long flexible strap, and stood between my
legs. The fourth strong slave was given a long, thin cane, and stood to the side
of my hanging sister. The final slave, the one with the well drained penis, was
a black man with a huge penis. He straddled my face, and I found myself staring
up at his hanging penis. My brain was immediately confronted with conflicting
emotions, utter joy and happiness at having a naked penis so close to my adoring
mouth once again, and sheer despair at the fact that that penis was soft and
limp, not stiff and throbbing, and the testicles hanging from its thick base
were not tight and full, but rather loose and empty.

"Friends!" Master announced, "The pig is ready for his reward, and what a reward
it's going to be! I'm sure that the swine is beside himself with gratitude for
the gift I am granting him. I am going to allow him to suck the lank slug
hanging from the fork of the slave straddling his ugly mug until it gets hard
again, then feeds his gulping gullet with a fresh load of slave nut offal. To
ensure that his joy is complete the other slaves will both flay his standing
slug stalk, and thrash his fat aching nuts for him. To cap it off, his fat
dripping cock head will be lashed by the hanging bitch's slattern tongue, while
she is urged on by the cane lacing her fat udders. When the hog's servile mouth
manages to extract the load from the slave's stalk, his own slug will be
permitted to vomit its foul dregs to reward the hanging bitch. I'm sure the
putrid slut will slurp up as much of the disgusting offal as she can. Begin
slaves! Let the pig wallow in his well earned paradise!"

My mind soared with elation as the huge black slave bent his knees and, at the
same time,  I raised my head, and the long soft tube of his magnificent penis
flopped into my gaping mouth, and I tasted his delicious maleness. I swallowed
the entire length of the prick, until my lips were stretched around its thick
base, and my adoring mouth was completely packed with wonderful penis. Oh how
well Master knew me! How delightfully cruelly he catered to my perverted
yearnings! How deliciously heartlessly he administered to my submissive craving
for utter humiliation! To be bound naked before an audience of hundreds who
watched in mocking fascination while I lovingly sucked another slave's penis. To
have them watch while my own penis was whipped brutally, and my own testicles
were thrashed mercilessly. To have them witness your own naked sister tonguing
my prick head while her beautiful breasts were cruelly caned. It represented the
ultimate in masochistic fulfillment.

All these thoughts flashed through my mind while I tenderly suckled the thick
soft penis that filled my mouth, my tongue massaging its length, and my throat
rhythmically squeezing its head. Tiny mewls escaped from my stretched lips to
the vicious burning assailing the length of my hard cock as its delicate skin
was brutally sliced by the many thin wires of the whips that flayed it with
unerring accuracy. Deep seated moans were wrenched from my crammed throat to the
gut wrenching ache that permeated my grotesquely swollen testicles with the fall
of the heavy strap on their tender masses. The meat of my cock head erupted in
pleasure to the erotic lashing of my sister slave's exquisitely soft tongue all
over and around its satiny surface, and tiny shrieks of hurt emanated from her
mouth in tune with the brutal caning of her sensitive breasts.

I teased and stimulated the big penis in my mouth with languid contentment. I
had no desire to hasten my work. I longed to revel in my suffering and
humiliation, to make it last as long as I possibly could. My heart pounded with
masochistic lust. My chest heaved with my anguish whenever I reluctantly allowed
some of the cock I sucked to escape my throat so that I could draw a deep breath
before engulfing it totally once more. While I sucked the penis devotedly, and
suffered my pain with eager delight, it slowly, but surely, began to swell and
lengthen under the erotic torture I subjected it to.

All too soon my own need overcame my desire to make the ordeal last. I had to
drink from the wonderful penis! My yearning belly longed for the luscious cream
its sacred testicles would deliver. The harder the superb penis got, the more
passionately I sucked it until my entire consciousness was attuned only to the
penis. My head bobbed up and down in the slave's moist crotch. On each outward
stroke I sucked joyously on the juicy head. On each downward plunge my throat
convulsed wildly on the flaring tip. The pain and hurt assailing my whipped
prick and thrashed balls were consigned to the background of my mind, such was
my devotion to the fabulous penis buried down my throat.

The steel hard penis filling my mouth began to throb and pulsate, and swell even
larger as orgasm approached. The testicles that had been bouncing, slack and
empty, against my chin with each inward plunge, now seemed swollen and heavy. My
heart began to pound with yearning. It was so close! The beautiful penis that my
worshipping mouth adored so, was about to feed me its divine essence! My own
burning cock throbbed and pulsed in perfect unison. I could feel the scum in my
gloriously thrashed balls boiling in readiness for release.

The head of the huge penis flared wildly under my lashing tongue, and stars of
sheer ecstasy exploded in my brain when the first hot spurt gushed from its
slit, and bathed my gulping throat in musky man juice. My own prick pulsed
madly, and a stream of hot scum erupted from its tip and splashed lewdly onto my
sister's beautiful face. While my throat gulped down each powerful spurt with
eager joy, my gushing prick drenched my sister's face, and her avid tongue tried
desperately to scoop as much as she could into her own mouth, to savour and
swallow. The orgasms seemed to last forever, and I surrendered to the rapture of
my humiliation while I drank the spurting penis dry, and my balls were emptied
of their juices in a series of spectacular eruptions that had the audience
cheering wildly.

The moment I perceived that the explosions of the penis I drained were ebbing I
swallowed its entire length deep into my convulsing throat, and squeezed it
powerfully with my lips and tongue, drawing out ever last drop. At the same time
my sister's suspended nudity was dropped down a few inches and her mouth too was
able to swallow the full length of my own still spasming cock. Her lips and
tongue were equally avid, and efficient in milking my balls completely dry.

When it was all over, and the applause died down, our bodies were quickly freed
from bondage, and we knelt before the audience, our sated bodies glowing with
sweat and chests heaving with exhaustion. Master had us leashed, and led down
from the stage. Even now, as we were being led from the auditorium, I tried to
lap at the dangling penises of any dominant, or slave, that the attendant
allowed me to get too close to. After all this all I could think of was that my
mouth had no penis to worship, and my heart was breaking with a sense of loss.

The conditioning, brain washing perhaps more appropriate, that Master had
subjected me to had me begging every male into whose presence I was brought to
be permitted to suck his penis off for him, for months after the actual event.
My pleas were mostly ignored by Masters, but invariable acceded to by slaves.
Even now, years after the event, I still experience a deep yearning when I am in
the presence of a male, and if his penis is naked I can't stop myself from
begging to be allowed to suck it. My dreams are still exclusively filled with
images of me worshipping sacred penises, and draining divine testicles.

As promised, my public climaxes now involve me in fucking my sister in both cunt
and arsehole, being sucked off by her, and, of course, being whipped off. Being
the depraved whores that we are we, of course, make our perverted rutting as
exciting as possible for the watchers of our obscenity. I especially love it
when Master allows me to suck my own scum from her well fucked twat and arse
pits.

I am now frequently rented out to men's groups to suck penis at their
celebrations, much to my delight, and extreme humiliation. We even visited the
Arab in his country once. He had a new suck slave since the one I had beaten had
been castrated and shipped of to a brothel. That slave and I spent night after
night in the guards' dormitory sucking off the soldiers. We would start at
either end of the dormitory, and suck our way towards each other. When we met we
would slip into a sixty nine position, and suck each other off before continuing
on and sucking yet another load from each of the penises.




chapter 6 - a slave in prison - june's story

I looked forward to my first visit to the women's penal island, as much because
I would be able to communicate almost normally, as because I would be subjected
to continual, orgiastic sex, albeit only with people of my own gender. I could
not, of course, entirely predict how I would be received by the penal community.
From what I had been told these women were in no way denied outlets for their
natural sexuality, so I wouldn't be providing them with a service that they
weren't already receiving extensively. I understood, naturally enough, that the
purpose of the visit had more to do with reinforcing my humiliation, than with
any real need at the prison. I was to be sexually abused in the most shameful
manner immaginable, a harlot for hundreds of sexually active female inmates.

I was transported to the yacht that was to deliver me to the island in Master's
plush limousine. This was done as much to ensure that I could be kept naked, as
to cater for any comfort for me. I was alone in the rear cabin of the big
vehicle for the four hours that it took to get to the coast. It was night when
we arrived, and I was quickly hustled onto the boat by the attending footman,
who had rode in the front with the chauffeur during the trip. The crew of the
yacht were under strict orders not to interfere with me in any way. It took the
little ship four more hours of sailing before it was mavouvred into the small
dock at the islands sole harbor.

It was early morning, and still quite dark when I was led from the yacht to  the
dock. My hands were cuffed behind my back, and the other end of a leash that was
clipped to my nose ring was locked to a post at the end of the jetty. The
footman hung two keys from the ring in my left teat, and a small envelope,
addressed to Queen Beatrix, was hung from the ring in my right teat. It was
quite cold, and my skin was covered with goose bumps, and my teats were crinkled 
and hard, but this was as much because of my growing sexual excitement, as from
the cold. Thus I was left to await my fate, the yacht already slipping away from
the deserted dock.

I didn't have long to wait, however, before sounds coming from the shore
heralded the arrival of at least two people. When they emerged from the slightly
misty gloom I could see that there was two. One, a good deal taller than her
companion, was dressed in quite spectacular clothes, especially for a prison.
She wore a full length gown of pink stain, with a low cut bodice that displayed
a large proportion of her spectacular bosom. Her hair was stylishly done, and
her handsome, rather than pretty face was tastefully made up.

Her companion, who was a good deal smaller, was dressed in sexy finery. She wore
a short, short skirt of satin, that barely covered her sex, and completely
exposed the tops of her smoky silk stockings, held up by lacy garters of
scarlet. Her top, if it could be called such, barely contained her plump round
breasts which were not encumbered by anything like a bra. This girl was really
quite pretty, and obviously much younger than her companion. What was also quite
evident was that the younger girl was showing an amount of deference to the
older woman.

Both inspected my nudity with obvious interest. "The little harlot is lovely,
isn't she, Jezebel?" The older woman declared throatily. I stood there with head
down, and cheeks flushing with shame. Even after years and years of being kept
almost exclusively naked, I still experienced feelings of humiliation when new
people inspected my nudity for the first time. The younger girl unclipped the
note from my teat ring, and made to present it to her companion.

"No, Jezebel, you read it to me." The regal woman ordered smiling down at my
flushed face. She obviously realised my state of mind, and only wished to add to
my embarrassment. The young girl quickly tore open the buff envelope, and
extracted a single sheet of paper from it. She smoothed the sheet out and then
began to read:

Dear Queen Beatrix



This bitch is presented as a harlot for you and your subjects.

The bitch is a perfectly trained sex slave, who will deny you nothing, and serve
all she is used by with unquestioning depravity, and almost unrivaled erotic
skill.

If, by any chance, the bitch should err in her service you are permitted to
punish her. I would instruct, however, that should this be necessary you, and
only you, should inflict the discipline, and that you only administer it to the
bitch's arse.

I have left the bitch's cunt locked up. The key is available if you choose to
use her cunt. I leave this entirely up to you.

The bitch is to be left, as you have found her, exactly one week from now.

The Master



After having finished her reading the girl looked at the woman with a
questioning expression. The regal woman, anticipating the unasked question,
responded in a way that made me flush with pleasure, "Oh, yes!" She almost
sighed, "Unlock her sex. I don't know about the rest of the inmates, but I'm
certainly not about to deny any of my household the pleasure of tasting that
succulent looking cunt, let alone fucking it!"

Her young companion smiled knowingly, then, after unhitching the set of keys
hanging from  my left teat, knelt at my feet and carefully unlocked the padlock
hanging from my cunt rings. While doing so she brushed her fingers over my
smooth sex, and commented. "Oh, Queen Beatrix, she has the smoothest pussy lips
I've ever felt, and she smells delicious, and so sexy!" Then she glanced up at
me and asked, saucily, "How do you get your pussy to feel so smooth, sweety?
When I shave mine, it still has a slightly rough feel, and it's so annoying."

I looked over at the Queen with an expression of consternation on my face. I did
not know how to react. I was not permitted to talk at the chateau, except for
the phrases of submission, and I didn't know, either how to, or whether I should
respond to the girl's question. The woman took a few seconds to realise what my
quandary was, smiled at me benevolently, then announced, "I think you can talk
while your my guest, little whore, but be sure to show due deference to my
station, and to that of allt of my subjects!"

I blushed once again, but this time with pleasure at being permitted to speak
when I wished to, but also with the shame of having to defer to everyone, at the
same time. "Madam Jezebel," I sighed, "My cunt hair has been permanently
removed. That is why my harlot sex is so smooth." I replied to her question, a
thrill of excitement running through me. The girl rose back to her feet, then
quickly unlocked my wrist cuffs. I was surprised at this, but equally delighted.
It had been so long since I had the use of my hands, and was looking forward to
being able to use them when giving pleasure.

"Let's get our little harlot inside, Jezebel. Where we can explore her more
closely." The Queen commanded. The girl took my hand and we followed the regal
Queen down the short jetty, and up a path that led to a group of buildings off
in the distance. While we walked up the path Jezebel could hardly keep her eyes
off my sensuously bouncing tits, and she squeezed my hand tenderly. I was beside
myself with joy. She loved my big tits! They made her excited, and that, in
turn, was making my juices run. All my previous apprehension was gone. I could
even feel my girl prick flex and swell in my hot cunt split. Oh how
passionately, and devotedly, I was going to serve.

With these thoughts of sexual submission dominating me, I hardly even noticed
when we entered the building, and walked down a long concreted hallway. We
entered a large vestibule which was surprisingly well furnished. Queen Beatrix
walked up to, then seated herself in a large comfortable chair that was
obviously designed as a throne, then clapped her hands twice. A bevy of a dozen
or so young girls swept into the room, giggling excitedly when they saw my
nudity. They were all dressed in much the same scanty, but erotic costuming as
the little Jezebel. I was to find out that they, along with Jezebel, formed
Queen Beatrix's 'harem', and catered to her enormous sexual appetite, and
appetite that bordered on the nymphomaniacal. Jezebel was the Queen's favourite
among this group of pretty young femininity.

"Take our little whore and decorate her, little Jezebel." The Queen ordered,
"While my sluts entertain me. You may sample her charms, but do not take too
long. When she is ready we will display her to the population, where I will set
the rules governing her use while she is with us." Jezebel looked at her Queen
with an air of eager, yet weirdly submissive expectancy, for a moment or two,
then grinned in delight when the regal woman smiled at her benevolently, then
added, "Yes, you incorrigible little slut, I promised, and will keep my promise.
The little harlot can sleep in your bed while she is here. Now off you go."

I could scarcely believe my ears. After all the time I had spent being so
rigidly controlled, both personally, and sexually, I was to experience an almost
normal sexual relationship with a beautiful young girl. At least that appeared
to be the case on the surface. I wondered if Master fully understood what I was
going to have during this visit, and more importantly, what his reaction might
be if, and when he found out. After a little reflection, however, I came to the
conclusion that he probably knew all too well. After all, after having been
treated so kindly, the return to my normal routine at the chateau would be
doubly distressing for me. Or even more likely, spending so much time without
being subjected to any real form of pain or punishment, would have me jumping
out of my skin with longing to suffer, and to be humiliated and degraded.

Jezebel pulled me along to a large room that served as both a bathroom, and
dressing area. It was luxuriously appointed, making me wonder about just how
much of a prison this place was, more like a hotel from what I had seen. The
only thing that the inmates seemed to lose was their freedom of movement,
otherwise all of their creature comforts seemed to be well catered for. Jezebel,
once we were in the room, quickly shucked off her costume, removed her lingerie
and stood, stark naked, in front of me. She was truly gorgeous! No wonder she
was the Queen's favorite. I stared at her with lust filling my heart, and it
must have showed, because she smiled happily while dragging me by the hand into
a wide shower stall.

She turned on, adjusted the profuse streams of warm water, then set about
efficiently washing my body. She soaped my heaving tits tenderly, sighing with
envy, "Such big beautiful tits. I wish mine were this big!" I looked down at her
lovely, pear shaped orbs, with their delicious pink nipples, and could not
imagine why she was not happy with such gorgeous breasts, and breathed
tentatively, not yet accustomed to being able to voice my opinions freely, "You
have lovely tits, Miss Jezebel. They are truly beautiful."

The little girl dropped to her knees in front of me, the warm water cascading
over her shining nudity, and delicately washed my smooth cunt split. She lay
down the scented soap and, after allowing the flowing water to wash away the
suds, sank her pretty face into my crotch. My thighs jumped with pleasurable
shock when I felt her hot, soft little tongue slip between my cunt lips, and
lick erotically at my already straining girl prick. Wave after wave of exquisite
pleasure wafted over me while the clever little girl sucked at my drooling
pussy.

"You taste so gooood!" She squealed quietly. "Your pussy it so hot, and your
clitty so hard! I love it! I love it!" She continued to suck me with measured
passion, until I thought I would burst. Then stood up again and took my hand.
"Feel me, darling whore. Feel how rough my pussy is, compared with the lovely
smooth one you have." I slipped my hand down into her crotch and felt her
smoothly shaven pussy and wondered what on earth she was talking about. It felt
smooth enough to me, and its hot liquids flowed over my probing fingers.

Without prompting, I too slipped to my knees and buried my face in her streaming
crotch. My tongue speared between the delicate lips of her pussy and my senses
were inundated with the flavours and aromas of the sweetest pussy immaginable. I
thrust my agile tongue deeply into her spasming pussy pit, its wriggling tip
lashing at her cervix sensuously. I wanted to give this delightful creature as
much pleasure as my impeccably trained tongue was capable of imparting. I wanted
her to swoon in ecstasy such was my gratitude for how she was treating me. Then
I withdrew my tongue and used it to erotically squeeze and massage her throbbing
girl prick.

I continued, alternating between the two acts, until the little girl's pussy
convulsed in orgasm, and she poured her juices into my eager mouth. She shrieked
quietly while her climax consumed her completely. She panted and gasped in sheer
delight, "Oh darling whore! You suck so divinely! Your clever tongue! Your
darling, deft tongue pleasures pussy better than anything. Our Queen will just
love you!" Then she drew me to my feet, switched off the flowing water, and
dragged me from the shower.

We quickly dried off our bodies with large soft towels and, while Jezebel was
drying my cunt and arse, she explained the ritual submission I would have to
undertake, in deference to Queen Beatrix. I flushed with embarrassed excitement
while this was explained to me in minute detail, and found myself looking
forward to it with eager anticipation. After we were dry, and our hair had been
blow dried and brushed to gleaming softness, Jezebel quickly dressed herself
once again.

She then dressed me in pink silk hose and satin garter belt, and a silk halter
that supported, but in no way covered, the mounds of my heavy tits. Unlike her,
I was not covered with a tunic, but left naked except for my lingerie. We
applied subtle make-up to each others faces, then were ready to return into the
presence of the Queen.

We walked back to the receiving room where the Queen, and the rest of her harem,
waited. The Queen was still dressed in her regal gown, and her girls in the same
fashion as Jezebel. The Queen rose as soon as we entered and handed a golden dog
collar and leash to Jezebel. Jezebel quickly put the collar around my neck, her
face telling me that she was sorry to be humiliating me in this fashion. I
stared back at her with an expression that left her in no doubt that I didn't
care in the slightest, in fact, I loved the shame that this benign act caused
me. She smiled delightedly at this reaction, and made a kissing motion towards
me.

The Queen, seeing this little piece of by-play, commented with a chuckle, "I see
that you've sampled the harlot, Jezebel, you naughty little vixen. How was she?"
Jezebel flushed crimson, and stuttered out, "She's magnificent, my Queen. She
sucks like an angel And her pussy is absolutely delicious. But I didn't bring
her off, I only teased her!" She concluded, as if this admission would get her
off the hook, if she was indeed on one. I didn't know what her Queen's reaction
would be to her admissions. The Queen merely smiled at her favourite in mock
exasperation, then commented with gentle sarcasm, "You incorrigible little slut,
Jezebel, I don't know what I'm going to do with you, I really don't."

The Queen then announced that it was time to show me off to the colony, and to
announce the rules that would govern my service during my stay on the island. We
trooped out of the vestibule, the Queen leading the way, with Jezebel leading me
by the leash, and the rest of the harem bringing up the rear. We walked quickly
down a long passageway until we came to a set of enormous double doors. One of
the other harem girls ran passed us and swung the doors open, and we were
assailed by the sound of a cacophony of buzzing conversation.

We swept into an enormous auditorium that was obviously the prison's communal
dining area. Hundreds of women and girls sat at numerous long tables, and were
busily consuming their breakfast. Numerous other girls, dressed in skimpy maids
costumes, were flitting in and out of the lines of trestle type tables,
dispensing food and drink to the diners. We went to a table at the head of the
room where the Queen seated herself at its centre, and her harem took seats on
either side of her. Jezebel led me onto a stage at the very front of the room,
and tied my leash to a pole standing in the centre of the rostrum. She then
joined the others at the table.

The conversation that had waned when the queen had first entered the room slowly
began to resume its former volume, and the multitude went back to their meal. I
stood and watched, noting that many of the women took the opportunity to view my
erotically adorned nudity. In fact, I suspect that I had become the main topic
of conversation. I, in turn, took this opportunity to inspect the population of
the enormous room.

Many of the women were dressed in denim of an almost masculine fashion, and
sported short, severe hair styles. I surmised that these were probably hard core
lesbians. Many others were dressed in feminine attire, with long tresses, and
these, I realised were probably the femmes that the bull dykes controlled, but
this was not universal, I was to find out during the course of my stay. The
multitude finished their meals, as did the Queen and her personal entourage, at
a leisurely pace. At one point a maid, cute and erotic, in her little costume,
mounted the stage with a plate of food and fed me like I was a pet.

Once the meal was completed the Queen rose from her table, and mounted the
stage. She walked to a microphone and prepared to address the crowd. Almost as
if by silent command the noise in the room had died completely away by the time
the regal woman was in position, and the attentions of all were concentrated on
her. She coughed quietly, to clear her throat, then began to speak in her
commanding tones.

"Ladies, I draw your attention to the gift that the Master has bestowed on us."
She announced, pointing to me. I flushed with humiliation, and delicious
degradation. To be referred to as a plaything, was so gorgeously demeaning. "We
have the little harlot for a whole week, and must make the best possible use of
her services in that time. Obviously there will not be enough time for each and
every one of you to sample her wares. That is why I recently introduced the
system of privilege credits to the prison. Jezebel has kept a record of the
credits that you have accumulated, and list of those who have earned sufficient
to qualify for a session with the whore have been posted on the main bulletin
board. The little whore will serve my harem between the hours of nine and noon
each day. From one p.m. to ten each day she will be available to those who have
earned the right to a session. Sessions will last exactly one hour, and you will
book your time, in advance, with Jezebel."

The Queen stopped for a moment, to allow the import of what she had just
announced to sink in, then resumed, "Jezebel has been appointed as the harlot's
pimp and she will be in control of all aspects of her service. I will brook no
questioning of her decisions in this respect. So be warned! I am informed, by
the Master, that the little harlot is a consummate slut, who will refuse no
sexual act, regardless of its perversity and obscenity. He has also informed me
that she is the most exquisitely skilled, and submissively accepting bitch he
has ever trained. I have been asked to closely monitor her sexual performance,
and have been told that she is to be punished if she errs in even the most
infinitesimal way. You will report any such transgression to her pimp. You will
not, under any circumstances, take the law into your own hands."

The Queen thought for a few seconds, trying to think of anything she may have
left out, then concluded her announcement with a chuckle, "So, ladies, if you
don't abuse this privilege, I'm sure that many a delightful hour can be spent in
play with our little whore!" She then swept down from the rostrum, her entourage
rose from the table at the same time, and we all left the room, Jezebel having
collected me, even as the Queen strode down from the stage. We all returned to
the Queen's private apartments.

Once back in those rooms the members of the Queen's harem all stripped off their
tunics to reveal their lovely bodies in the same state of erotic adornment as
mine. The Queen, seated on her throne, smiled benevolently at the bevy of sexy
girls before her. Jezebel then took off my collar and led me in front of the
sovereign. I knelt submissively before the regal woman while two of her acolytes
moved up to her. The queen stood and the two beautiful young girls carefully
undressed her. At least they removed her opulent gown.

I gazed in wonder at the body that was revealed. The Queen was truly,
indescribably, voluptuous. Her breasts were literally enormous, but full and
firm and creamy, with nipples of deep pink that jutted out an inch from the
center of plump aureoles. Her torso was encased in a pink satin corset that
emphasized a narrow waist and flaring hips. Her thighs were full and shapely,
and incredibly smooth, and her pussy hair was trimmed and shaped so that is
enhanced, rather than hid the lips of her exquisite pussy. I was literally
drooling with lust while my wide eyes drank in her fabulous sensuality.

Jezebel woke me from my state of single minded awe by dropping the instrument of
my initiation at my knees. I glanced down at the ornate sex toy, and my body
shivered with sexy delight at its gorgeous erotic promise. I leant down and took
up the exquisite double dildo. Each satiny penis being a perfect replica of the
real thing, in both shape and size. Two nine inch long, one and a half inch wide
poles of facsimile male penis. The heads of the cocks were perfectly,
realistically formed, and looked so life like that it was uncanny. The surface
of the cocks slipped easily between my fingers, being made of a material that
was as smooth as silk. No artificial lubrication would be required to make the
intended use of this instrument of pleasure possible.

I held the double dildo in my hands, with almost religious reverence, my little
arse ring already tingling with anticipation of receiving one of the fabulous
lengths when the Queen arse fucked me, for this was to be the substance of my
submission to her, and her acceptance of me as her eternal harlot. I waddled, on
my knees, up to this fabulous specimen of sensual feminine eroticism, and lay
the dildo at her booted feet. I leant down and submissively kissed the toes of
her boots, the rose up and gasped out, my own excitement and arousal almost
unbearable.

"Would you, my Queen, accept my submission to your glorious being? Would you, my
Queen, reduce me to the status of your personal slut and harlot? Would you
honour me by fucking my hot, debauched little arsehole with your magnificent
penis, so that I may know my place, magnificent Queen?" I begged with utterly
mindless yearning. The Queen smiled lovingly down at my shuddering nudity,
noting the sheer, utterly genuine nature of my erotic pleas. There was no acting
on my part, I yearned to be used by this vision of sensual beauty with all my
heart. I longed to feel her penis plumbing the depths of my arse hole with all
my being. I yearned to feel her full thighs slapping softly into the flesh of my
bottom cheeks with each inward plunge.

The gorgeous, royal woman yielded to my begging entreaties with genuine
pleasure, and I flushed with happiness at her lovingly bestowed favour. I
reached up into her crotch and gently tongued the lips of her sex, moistening it
in preparation for introducing one of the double dildos into its magnificence.
The woman tasted soooo good, soooo rich, soooo sexy, that I almost forgot
myself, and immersed myself completely in the magnificence of her sexuality. I
managed to control my erotic longings, however, took up the double dildo, and
worked one of its perfect penises deeply into her clutching pussy hole. The
length of the dildo slid easily into her hole, leaving the other end jutting out
sexily along her lean belly.

I turned away from the standing woman, my head turned back over my shoulder so
that I could continue to gaze at her sensual loveliness with joy and happiness.
Then I smiled shyly up at her, wriggled my bare bottom cheeks, erotically framed
in pink satin, and begged, "Please, my Queen, please fuck your little whore's
yearning arse!" I was wild with desire by this time, and couldn't wait to be
taken by this fabulous woman. My whole being, both body and soul, was dedicated
to surrendering to her completely.

My heart pounded with excitement when she reached down and parted my smooth
cheeks with her gloved hands, baring the tight, hot hole hidden between them. I
could not control myself, and my anal ring twitched with eager depravity. This
caused the woman to chuckle mockingly, and to comment, "You are the hot little
bitch, aren't you? Your little arse can't wait to be fucked, can it? You are a
depraved little whore, aren't you?"

I responded in the only way I knew how, by rolling my arse and panting lustily,
"Oh, yes, my queen! I'm a hot little slut! I exist to be fucked! I love to rut!
I was born to be fucked! I exist to suck and fuck! Take me, my Queen! Ream out
my depraved arse ring with your fabulous cock! Please, my Queen! Please!" I felt
the slippery tip of the fake penis nudge at the tight ring of my arse
insistently, and I tried to drive my rolling arse back onto it, but the Queen's
hold on my bottom cheeks was too firm, and I had to wait, in sensual
frustration, for her to begin.

I squealed in complete and utter ecstasy when she finally stopped teasing, and
drove the entire length of the silky penis deeply into my ecstatic arse pit. The
length of the beautiful cock stretched me open deliciously as it drove into me,
and I thought that I would explode in climax on the spot. My cunt throbbed with
pleasure, and my girl prick pulsed wildly while the Queen drove the penis in and
out of my arse with slow sensuality. I felt every centimeter of the hard cock as
it moved into me, then out once again. My bottom rolled and rutted with depraved
delight while I was fucked so beautifully.

The queen continued to ream out my rolling arse until her actions resulted in
her own orgasm. She cried out with pleasure as her pussy exploded in rapture,
then withdrew the dildo from my arse and collapsed back onto her throne, gasping
for breath. I turned immediately, and literally threw my face into her crotch,
and swept her juices up with my agile tongue. My whole body was quivering with
barely contained sexual excitement. I hovered on the edge of orgasm while I
slurped at her flooded sex with surges of utter happiness jolting my nerves. I
sucked her dry, then settled down to tease and stimulate the fabulous woman to a
fresh climax. I tongued her spasming pussy hole deeply and sensuously, tongue
whipped her hard hot clitoris with single minded devotion, until she cried out
her pleasure once again, and I again drank from her flowing font with utter
rapture.

After her second climax the Queen gently pushed my face from her sated sex and
panted quietly, "Enough, clever little harlot, enough. You have drank me dry you
sexy little slut. Now go and let my sluts play with you." I gazed up at the
woman with sheer adoration shining in my eyes, then, reluctantly, crawled down
to the waiting bevy of girls. Even before the first hand was laid on one of my
heaving tits, I was once again lost to my lust. I dove my face between a fresh,
youthful pair of thighs, and my eager tongue ploughed between a pair of fragrant
female sex lips, to taste the sweet essence of youthful femininity.

Mouths closed over my throbbing teats, and soft tongues teased and stimulated
the hard peaks relentlessly. Warm breath heralded the arrival of a mouth at my
own drooling cunt, and my body shivered with sexual delight when the soft
feminine tongue licked gently at the erect spike of my hot, pulsing girl prick.
I lost myself in sexual frenzy, losing all track of time while I sucked on sweet
pussy after sweet pussy, bringing each off with consummate skill and utter
devotion. My tongue swept over sweet tasting anal rings, delved deeply into hot
pungent arse pits, and sweet convulsing pussy holes, and, of course, sensuously
lashed climaxes from spasming clitorises.

I noted, with a tinge of disappointment, that the gorgeous Jezebel did not take
part in the orgy of lesbian delight, but I didn't really care as a fresh pair of
slender young thighs closed around my face, sticky with feminine juices, and I
sucked for a fresh flood of that delicious essence. On and on it went until I
had sucked each and every young pussy dry at least once, and my own cunt had
exploded in so many climaxes that I had lost count of them. I wallowed in a
mountain of female flesh. Firm young breasts squashed into my own heavy, swollen
mounds. I lapped at tingling nipples while soft mouths sucked passionately at my
own teats.

"That will do, sluts!" Came the voice of the gorgeous Jezebel. "Time's up!" I
panted and gasped with loss as the bodies disengaged and the girls left me alone
on the floor. The Queen had gone. I didn't even notice her going, so lost was I
in my orgiastic lust. Jezebel pulled me to my feet and attached the dog collar
to my neck and led me from the room. We stopped, momentarily, at the bathroom
where she cleaned me up as best she could. Then I was led to a specially
prepared room that was to become my brothel for the week. It had a low couch,
quite large, which was spread with a rubbery type of covering. Numerous dildos
and vibrators lay, either on the couch, or on the carpeted floor around it.

Jezebel deposited me on this couch, and then took up her position at a small
desk near the door. No sooner had she settled in than a knock at the door
signaled the arrival of my first customer. And so my service as a whore began. I
spent the next nine hours servicing female prisoners, being fucked by bull
dykes, sucking at their hairy grottos, fucking their femme sluts whenever
ordered to, and sucking the sweet, scented pussies of the femmes. I lost myself
in my lust, and worked with relentless, and consummate skill in pleasuring the
women and girls. I seemed tireless. The more pussy I sucked, the more pussy I
wanted to suck. The harder I was fucked, The more I yearned to be fucked. It was
as if my cunt was insatiable, as if my tongue was tireless. When we broke to
eat, I found that my mind was still concentrated on pleasuring female sexuality.
I found myself longing to be back at work, as it were. Jezebel was amazed by my
capacity and watched proceedings with growing lust. She couldn't wait until it
was her turn.

Eventually the shift was over. I have to admit that I was sexually exhausted,
and wondered how I could possibly find the energy to serve young Jezebel, as she
would obviously expect, especially given her own frustration at having to watch
me in action for so long. She took me to the bathing area and attended to my
cleansing. I found that the long hot shower was soon reviving me, and realised
that not only would I be of use to Jezebel, but that I was actually beginning to
look forward to our play. We ate a good meal by ourselves in the kitchen, then
went to Jezebel's sleeping cubicle.

We collapsed, nude, onto the big bed and embraced passionately. "You're not too
tired to play, are you, darling whore?" Jezebel asked expectantly. I answered
her by French kissing her mouth deeply, my tongue driving into her mouth and
dueling passionately with hers. We slipped into a comfortable sixty-nine
position, and I began to suck on her sweet, sweet little pussy, with all the
tender passion I could muster. For her part, Jezebel's state of mind, brought on
by having to watch me perform my sexual service to other prisoners for so long,
ensured that her mouth sucked on my cunt as if she was a starving waif, and my
drooling cunt was the food of the Gods.

I sucked Jezebel to a shattering climax, drank her flowing essence dry, then
began to tease and stimulate her delicious pussy all over again. It took her
three of her own orgasms, before her soft tongue finally managed to make my
cunt, too, explode in pleasure. It was not that I consciously made her work for
my pleasure, it was rather that I could not physically respond because of my
sexual exhaustion. The little girl sucked me dry with passionate relish, while
her fourth climax racked her nudity. It was she, rather than I, who finally
called a halt to our sexual teasing. She dragged her hot body around and we
hugged and kissed. I sighed into her ear as her beautiful, soft little breasts
crushed into my own large firm tits, "Thank you, darling Jezebel. Thank you for
allowing me to feast on your succulent pussy. Your pussy juices are the sweetest
and most delicious I have ever tasted. I love your sweet pussy, darling. I can't
get enough of it. I could happily spend the rest of my life with my tongue
buried in your mouth watering pussy, sweet, darling Jezebel.

The little girl sighed with pleasure at my passionate praise of her sexuality,
and answered me with similar, glowing praise for my own cunt. We drifted off to
sleep soon after, in each others arms, and with our lips still tenderly
touching.

Each day at the prison colony took the same routine. The first three hours,
after the morning meal, involving me sexually serving the Queen, and her harem
of young beauties. This was followed by nine hours of constant sexual service to
prisoners in the brothel room, sometimes one on one, by more usually with two or
more at a time. And, of course, and session of passionate love making with the
delicious Jezebel before sleep took over. By the time the week was over I was
almost used to my life as it had become. I was however, continually consumed by
an ache to suffer, which grew in intensity the further into the week we went. I
had not spent so much time without being punished for years, and my masochistic
nature was beginning to dominate my thoughts with dreams of pain and suffering.
So it was not with a sense of loss that I looked forward to returning to the
chateau, rather, a sense of eager anticipation.

On the evening that I was to leave I had been prepared, as I had been when I
arrived. My cunt rings had been locked up, and the hand cuffs placed on my
wrists. The Queen, fully dressed, stood before my kneeling nudity, along with
young Jezebel. The Queen gazed down at me, and had a long leather belt in her
hand. "Your performance has been excellent, little harlot." She announced. "Not
one single complaint has been lodged against you. And that surprises me greatly,
for I fully expected a few of the dykes to complain, if only to see you being
subjected to punishment, regardless of whether they had reason or not. But you
have been so perfect that not even that has happened. However, I suspect that
the Master will expect to see evidence that I have had to punish you, at least a
little, so I'm going to whip your cute little arse a little. Do you think that's
fair, sweet whore?" She inquired, mockingly smiling down at me.

My heart pounded with lust at this development. My masochistic juices began to
flow, and my locked up pussy seemed to melt with moisture. I quickly turned
around and presented my bare arse cheeks to the Queen, and pleaded, "Please, my
Queen! Please! Whip my fat arse hard!" Jezebel's eyes widened in shock. She was
astounded that I should beg for pain. Punishment, to her, was purely a painful
experience, and not a sexual joy, as it always was to me. She couldn't
understand my reaction at all, and her eyes were filled with tender pity for me.

The Queen wasted no time in beginning my punishment. She swung the belt with all
her force. It exploded on my bottom cheeks, filling them with delicious fire. I
swayed the cheeks submissively, and erotically while she whipped them soundly,
striping their soft skin and reddening them nicely. The warmth of my pain flowed
slowly through me, filling me with delightful sensations of submissive joy.
"That will do nicely, I think." The Queen sighed, inspecting my reddened
buttocks with a smile. Jezebel then took me down to the dock and tied my lead to
the pole. She embraced and kissed me tenderly, and expressed her love for me,
and told me that she would yearn for my return every day, until my next period
of service was due.




chapter 7 - slave's fantasy - june's story

A survey of client's of Master's phone sex service, pain slave division, had
revealed that tales of cunt punishment were the favourite fare of lesbians. As a
result I was commanded to put my mind to providing many such tales. For the tale
that follows I had been placed in the studio in total sensory bondage, with,
obviously, my mouth free so that the story could be related. My spread out cunt
tingled from the after effects of a vicious cunt whipping, administered to get
me in the mood. The cruel cunt thrashing certainly worked, as the following tale
will demonstrate, I'm sure:

Mistress has decided to earn fees for my services. She announced to me that I
was to become and instructress for Mistresses, in the art of slave punishment.
When she made the announcement my naked body, kneeling submissively before her,
shuddered with a mixture of fear, and masochistic delight, fear that descended
to absolute terror, and masochistic delight that soared to sheer rapture, when
Mistress explained my duties in detail.

"Bitch, you will de charged with explaining, in graphic detail, the most
effective ways for Mistresses to punish slave cunt. You will instruct the
Mistresses as to which whips are most useful for the purpose, and how they are
best used on slave gash to elicit the ultimate result. You will, when necessary,
explain the uses of our various cunt torture devices, which I also plan to
market along with our specialised twat whips. After you have finished your
various explanations, you will offer your lewd slave twat to the Mistresses, for
them to use to practice what you have taught them. While they practice you will
fine tune their instruction, and display your devotion to them for their kind
attention in the ways that are appropriate for a well punished bitch."

While Mistress was explaining my duties my pussy swelled and moistened, and my
girl prick had begun to stiffen. The teats capping my large tits were already
stiff and hard, as was always the case when I am in the presence of my adored
owner. The fabulous domatrix continued:

"The lessons will be delivered in our specialised cunt punishment room for
obvious reasons. Each lesson will be of two hours duration. The first hour
devoted to detailed explanations, and the second reserved for practical
demonstrations. I am offering two different courses, Cunt Punishment, devoted to
instruction in the use of cunt whips, and Advanced Cunt Punishment, devoted
exclusively to the use of cunt torture devices. Lessons in the first will be
scheduled weekly, except where you have given one in the second, and your cunt
has to be given time to recover from the ordeal. As you well know, there is no
pleasure for a Mistress in whipping a cunt that has been obviously the subject
of a session of torture recently, for she will instinctively know that the cunt
under her whip will not experience the level of pain she wishes to inflict
because it would be debilitated by the previous torment. Now, I've scheduled a
Cunt Punishment class for this morning, and an Advanced Cunt Punishment lesson
for this afternoon. The first lesson is to be given to three young apprentice
Mistresses for whom their parents are planning to buy a female slave. These
young Mistresses have not, as yet, been involved in any serious punishment of
this nature, having been restricted to arse and tit whipping by their parents up
until this time, so you will have to take special care in seeing that they
understand the lessons completely. Is that clear to you, bitch?" Mistress
inquired with a sneer.

My heart was pounding in dreadful lust as I listened to Mistress. Even though I
am still in my early twenties, I get a special submissive thrill when Mistress
gives me to younger Mistresses to be used and abused. I sobbed out my reply,
with eager masochistic joy, "I promise, adored Mistress! I promise that the
young Mistresses will know how to whip slave cunt most cruelly after their
lesson is over! I guarantee that the Mistresses will be consummately skilled
cunt whippers at the end of their lesson, cherished Mistress!" I stammered
ecstatically, my masochistic juices boiling with submissive delight. Mistress
smiled down at me, enthralled with the submissive quality of my reaction, then
she continued:

"An hour after you have finished with the first class you will teach the second.
Once again this is to be given to a young Dominatrix, although she is a little
older than the others. This Mistress, however, is much more experienced, and is
one of the most sadistic young ladies it has ever been my pleasure to become
acquainted with, as you will learn. She is taking the course as much for the
benefit of her own two personal slaves, as to learn anything. Her slaves will be
present at the lesson to witness what is to be their fate in future. I'm sure
that your performance will be especially exceptional, given that fellow slaves
will be witnessing it, and judging your servile submission to torment. Give them
something to aspire to, bitch, or I'll be as angry as I've ever been with you!"



"Oh, peerless Mistress!" I cried in utter submission, "The slaves will see how a
bitch's cunt should me made to suffer! The Mistress will learn how to subject a
slave cunt to unadulterated agony! Both Mistress, and slaves will see how a
slave reacts to the torture of her slattern cunt, by the demonstration of her
perfect submission to her tormentor! They will witness how a true pain slave
expresses her gratitude to her tormentor while her tortured cunt throbs in
immaculate agony! The Mistress will learn how to send a slave to pain paradise!
She will know the joy of a slave's display of blissful adoration when she
tortures the slave's lewd cunt so ferociously that the slave wallows in
masochistic rapture! I babbled almost incoherently, my cunt swelling and
moistening in eager anticipation of the torment to come.

"Good! Good!" Mistress murmured at the intensity of my reaction, then continued
with her final instructions to me. "Now, the first lesson is due in a half an
hour." She announced, having checked her watch, "Off you go, to the Cunt
Punishment Chamber. Make sure that the room is prepared for the first class,
little bitch. When the first lesson is over you may as well stay there and
prepare for the advanced class. When your duties have been complete Nurse will
be along to tend to you, and you can thank her for her care for as long as she
desires it." I flushed with pleasure at this last announcement. Mistress knows
me so well. Nurse is a former slave who has grown to old to amuse Mistress. This
is not to say that she is really all that old, perhaps late forties. She was
Mistress' first slave. When Mistress tired of her she allowed the woman to
remain in her service, and had her trained as a nurse. She is now used to tend
to slave's after particularly brutal punishment sessions.

After being dismissed I crawled from the room and made my way to the Cunt
Punishment Chamber. I entered the room with my mind already in a state of high
tension, and quickly began to prepare for the first class. The chamber is a
uniquely designed room of quite large size. Although it is not designed for an
audience, there is room for a half a dozen or so people to witness a session, if
that is the desire, but the room is totally devoid of furniture. Its walls and
ceiling are all completely mirrored, and behind the mirrored walls are inbuilt
storage cupboards. These are packed with the awful paraphernalia of cunt
torment.

I opened one mirrored panel to reveal our specially designed punishment bondage
rack. This rack is constructed entirely of clear hardened perspex tubing,
including the many geared cogs, and their associated adjusting wheels, designed
to allow most of the structure's struts and stays to be adjusted to cater for
the differing sized slaves the rack might have to capture and, of course, to
present their bodies in appropriate and defenseless captivity. The multitude of
straps that hang from the structure, for the purpose of rendering the slave's
limbs and body immovable, are made of transparent rubberised plastic, and in
place of the more normal buckles these are equipped with modern adhesive
materials to allow them to be securely fixed. The whole structure is mounted on
a fixed, wheeled base. I wheeled the rack out, and anchored it in place in the
centre of the room by means of special hooks that hang from the structure and
eyebolts that are embedded in the floor expressly for this purpose.

Next I wheeled out small table which I positioned next to the bondage rack. Then
I closed that wall panel, and opened another on the other side of the room. This
storage area contained a multitude of whips and clamps. I selected two lengths
of nylon with hooks at one end, and two kilogram weights at the other, and
placed these on the table. Then I returned and selected three whipping
implements which I also lined up on the table. Returning, for the final time, to
the storage closet I selected a specialised clamp, and two clear rubberised
plastic straps, each equipped with the same adhesive material as those on the
rack and, after closing the panel, placed these items on the table as well. With
these preparations complete I noted that I had only five minutes left before the
anticipated arrival of my 'students'. I walked over, my heart already pounding
with fear and eager expectation, and pressed a small button next to a tiny
speaker grill. When a tiny green light flashed I spoke into the grill, "Revered
Mistress, all is in readiness."

I received no reply, instead, a short, high pitched tone echoed through the
speaker. Both the heavy silver cunt rings that pierced each of my fleshy outer
cunt lips, and the acoustic lock connecting them sprung open, the lock falling
to the floor between my feet. I removed the rings, then reached down and
retrieved the high tech lock and quickly stowed them all in the whip cupboard. I
then walked over to the mirrored door to the chamber and knelt down on the
highly polished wooden floor. I leant forward until my forehead was pressed to
the floor, and my naked arse was raised high. In this posture of submission I
awaited the arrival of the three Mistresses whom I was to instruct.

A couple of minutes passed before the door swung open, and I watched while three
sets of leather, high heeled pumps seemed to line up before me. I immediately
clasped my hands behind my head and reared up from my prone position, with my
knees widely spread, and displayed my submissive nudity to the three young
Mistresses. They were absolutely gorgeous! My heart soared with happiness! To be
savagely punished by visions of such loveliness would be sheer bliss. Two of the
young girls were obviously identical twins of around seventeen years of age. The
third was also obviously related from the similarity of her features to the
others, but perhaps a year or two older. Each was dressed in extreme erotic
fashion, which made my mouth water with yearning longing. They wore tiny
G-strings of supple, shiny, black patent leather. These G-strings were so brief
that they barely covered the plump mounds of the girls' sexes, and left their
gorgeous, shapely bottoms completely bare. Each wore a halter of similar
material, so skimpy that it barely hid the nipples of their lovely, youthful,
jutting breasts. On their feet they wore bobby socks that contrasted innocently
with the erotic pumps, and tended to add an aura of innocence to their
appearance. Their pretty faces were heavily, but tastefully made up, and each
wore her long blonde hair in a pony tail.

The three young Domatrixes were so lovely and sexy, that my heart fluttered with
pleasure just gazing at them, and the teats capping my heavy tits stiffened
fully with erotic hunger, and I could feel my licentious cunt getting wetter and
wetter the longer I looked at them. "Sweet, adorable Mistresses!" I cried out
passionately, "I am honored to be permitted to teach you the art of cunt
punishment. The lewd cunt in my slattern fork is dripping with lust at the mere
sight of your fabulous beauty. The lascivious twat must be punished for such a
willful display of its wanton lust. I shall teach you to punish it with
merciless cruelty for its obscene reaction to your peerless beauty. A Slave's
twat needs constant discipline, adorable Mistresses, just because the bitch
can't control its lecherous drooling when you allow her to gaze in absolute
devotion at your fabulous loveliness!"

"I hope the slave mummy buys for us is as sexy and submissive as this bitch."
The elder of the Mistresses cried, her voice betraying her excitement. "Oh,
yes!" One of her equally enthusiastic sisters replied, "Just look at the size of
her fat tits!" The other Mistress stared down at my obscenely displayed nudity
in silence, but with a cruel smile on her face. The elder domatrix, who was
obviously the more dominant of the three, and seemed to be in control, then
stared into my wide eyes and commanded, imperiously, "Alright, bitch, let's get
on with it!"

After replying to her command with appropriate submissive deference I led the
three young dominatrixes over to the intricate bondage rack. I explained its
various features to them, pointing out its special design features, and
instructing them in its specific purposes, and how to achieve each of them. I
then indicated to each of the whips I had laid out, and explained, in graphic
detail, the how each could be used to inflict the maximum hurt on the slave's
cunt. By the time I had finished my cunt dripped in lust, and the three gorgeous
Mistresses all seemed to be beside themselves with excitement. It was time to
begin!

I stood up before the three youthful Domatrixes and announced, "The first thing
to do, sweet Mistresses, is to tie the slave's arms up." The two younger
Mistresses each took one of the straps I had laid out and moved behind me. I
lowered my hands from behind my head and moved them behind my back. The
mistresses needed no prompting, both knew where to put the straps. One wrapped
hers around my elbows and pulled it tight enough to cause them to touch at the
centre of my back, then made sure that the adhesive had taken. The other girl
took care of my wrists. She finished her task before her sister, and took the
opportunity to run her hands over my smooth buttocks causing me to shiver with
pleasure. "Such big, smooth arse mounds!" The domatrix sniggered, "I'll bet they
just love to be whipped!"

I blushed submissively, my eyes telling the cruel girl that she was right, then
I stepped into the centre of the tubular rack. "Place the waist ring around my
belly first, sweet Mistresses, and make sure that it is so tightly closed that
my meat bulges around its edges. This belt is the most important item of bondage
for it ensures that the slave's cunt is held steady, and immovable. The belt was
opened so that I could place my belly in its grasp, then closed. Its adjusting
wheel was the turned until it bit deeply into my flesh and I felt its tight
embrace fully. When in place the wide belt captured my body from a couple of
inches above my mound, to just bellow my navel. I then instructed the Mistresses
to turn the two large wheels that adjusted both the height, and angle of this
belt. When two did my body was lifted a few inches off the floor, the turned so
that it faced upwards, and was almost horizontal to the floor, with my mound the
highest point, with my legs hanging down one side and my head and trunk the
other.

I then pointed out two arms attached to the main structure and asked them to
attach one of my ankles to each of them using the velcroed straps that hung from
each. This they quickly did, then, under my instruction, they manipulated the
two wheels that adjusted positions of the arms, spreading my legs wide, and
bending them down towards the floor. The wider my legs were spread, the more
painful it became for me, until I had to explain to the two young dominatrixes
working the wheels, "No, No!" Sweet Mistresses, I whimpered softly, "You must
not make the slave's bondage too painful for her, or it will take her mind off
her cunt, and her cunt must be one of only two focuses for her submissive mind
while she is punished." The Mistresses took heed of my warning, and slackened
off the tension slightly, so that the stretched muscles of my widely spread legs
merely ached dully.

When the dominant girls had finished I was unable to move my naked body, even a
fraction of an inch, from the waist down. The fat outer lips of my hairless cunt
were splayed open slightly by a combination of the spread of my legs, and my own
growing arousal and, of course, my cunt had been rendered totally vulnerable and
utterly defenseless. Next I showed the Mistresses how to use the rack's head
rest. This was a U shaped piece of perspex rod designed to support the neck, and
was connected to a the main structure by means of another straight rod, and was
adjustable in only up or down directions. I explained to the Mistresses, "You
may adjust this support to either force the slave to stare at her lewd cunt
while it's being whipped, or to keep her head in a position that allows you to
have her worship between your glorious thighs while she is punished, or you can
decide not to use it at all, and just leave her upper body to hang free."

I prayed that the Mistresses would choose the second of these options, for my
heart was already yearning for my mouth to be permitted to taste their divine
young pussies so erotically hidden by the skimpy G-strings they wore. The
Mistresses glanced at each other with knowing looks, and chortled teasingly
while they made a mocking show of deciding whether or not to use the neck
support. I suspect sexual excitement won out because they did use the support,
and my head was levered into a position that would facilitate comfortable
service. I sighed happily when I became aware of this, but was quickly brought
back to reality by the reaslisation that all was now in readiness, and my ordeal
could now begin. With my blood pulsing with adrenaline, heightening both my lust
and my apprehension, I asked the Mistresses to turn their attention to the table
where the whips, hooked weights, and clamp lay.

"Sweet Mistresses," I cried in a quivering voice that clearly betrayed my state
of mind, "I have chosen three cunt whips for you to use. Each is designed for a
specific purpose, and they are to be used in a specific order, with some further
preparation of the slave's whore cunt undertaken on the way. The first is the
long leather strap, adored Mistresses. This is merely to warm the slave's cunt
up for the ones to follow. After you have finished with this one I will instruct
you as to how you further prepare the slave's cunt for the application of the
other two. Now, who is going to be first?" I asked. The twins looked to their
sister who made the decision for them. She would go first. She took up the strap
and made to move into position between my wide flung thighs. "Oh, adorable
Mistress!" I cried, my voice thick with wanton, masochistic lust, "Whipping a
slave is not just about inflicting pain, but also about forcing submission. You
should always extract symbols of the slave's submission before you whip her."
The Mistress thought for a brief moment then replied, "But isn't it enough that
you have offered your lewd cunt up to the whip enough, bitch? Doesn't that alone
signify your submission to me?" I answered her with yearning passion, my
stretched thighs already quivering in anticipation of the torment to come, "Yes,
Mistress! Yes Mistress!" I gasped, "But any true slave will offer herself to you
as a matter of course. Her complete submission should be further enforced by
forcing her to kiss the instrument of her correction, then, lovely Mistress,
having accepted her submission to the whip, you should receive her submission to
you, yourself, by allowing her to kiss the fabulous cheeks of you gorgeous
bottom!"

"But I thought that you would be kissing my arse in gratitude, after the event,
slut!" The young Domatrix replied, and I squealed out passionately, "Of course,
you are right, exulted Mistress! Your slave will submit to you after you have
whipped her as well. The difference is that the first kisses are more of
devotion and submission, whereas the kiss afterwards will be full of passionate
gratitude to you for the gift of pain. The devoted kisses are bestowed upon your
glorious bottom cheeks, the following kisses should be impassioned tongue kisses
given to your sacred anus and divine rectum. In this way your whipped slave can
both express her continuing submission to you, and her servile joy, and thanks
to you for bestowing the gift of pain and suffering on her so cruelly!"

All the Mistresses giggled with glee after I had completed this instruction. It
was obvious that their lack of experience had not diminished their eagerness,
only impaired their imaginations. The elder Dominatrix quickly walked around to
where my head rested, and spread her svelte thighs around my upturned face. I
gazed up at her wonderful, shapely bottom cheeks with a flush of submissive
pleasure. I raise my head from the rest and placed a series of devoted kisses on
the girl's bare buttocks, thrilling to the soft coolness of her skin beneath my
lips. The girl stood back after a minute or so, and presented the long strap to
my mouth. I kissed up and down its length with equal devotion before she raised
it up and out of range. She glanced down at me with her eyes twinkling cruelly,
and I gasped out my final instruction, which was actually more of a plea, "When
you whip my lewd cunt with this glorious strap, sweet Mistress, I beg you, whip
it hard! Please, Mistress, whip it hard!"

The Dominatrix moved back to her position between my splayed out thighs and
raised the strap high. She brought it down forcefully on my cunt, and it landed
with a muted slapping sound. Mild pain and heat flooded my cunt split with the
delivery of the stroke, and I felt it my duty to intervene, "Please, adored
Mistress! Please, exulted Mistress! You must whip my cunt harder! Take the strap
all the way back, then swing it with all the force you can muster!" The
Mistress, slightly annoyed at what she must have considered as a slight against
her ability snapped angrily while grasping the handle of the whip in both hands,
"Alright, bitch, you've asked for it!" She then brought the strap down with a
force that caused the crack when it landed on my tender cunt meet to sound like
a pistol shot.

I let out a quick yelp at this stroke, which generated a flash of fire that
streaked from my burning cunt and exploded in my brain. The young Mistress
wasted no time in repeating her actions, and my cunt was soon in real pain, and
my little yelps of hurt gained in volume as a consequence. The Domatrix
delivered ten vicious strokes before she stopped, breathing so heavily that her
pert breasts, with their minuscule covering, rose and fell on her chest with
each gasping breath. She gave the strap to one of her excited sisters, saying as
she did so, "Make the bitch suffer! Thrash her whore gash with all your might!"

While I was waiting for the still panting Mistress to get her breath back I
watched her younger sister prepare to continue to pound my cunt with the strap.
This cruel young Dominatrix, not to be outdone by her elder, actually took a run
up of three steps to add to the velocity with which she swung the long strap,
also using both hands for maximum effect. I squealed in pain when the heavy
strap smashed into my swollen cunt, and a fresh surge of pain flashed through my
nudity. I was not able to see the next stroke, as the first Mistress to strap my
cunt was straddling my face by this time. She used a finger to pull the thong of
her tiny G-string aside, and I raised my face, now wet with tears, and buried it
in the fleshy chasm between the gorgeous Domina's bottom cheeks. I glued my lips
to the pungent pout of her anus, and then drove my tongue as deeply as was
possible into the humid depths of her rectum. I tongued the girl's piquant
rectum with total passion while my suffering cunt absorbed blow after blow. As
her pleasure increased the Mistresses anal ring began to squeeze my buried
tongue with feral force, effectively gagging me in the most bizarre and
degrading manner.

The second girl delivered her ten strokes with all the savage force her young
muscles could muster, then was replaced by the remaining sister. The elder
Mistress, somewhat reluctantly, raised her bottom from my face, giving my tongue
an extra strong squeeze as it oozed out of her anus. She was immediately
replaced by the sister who had just had her turn whipping my cunt, and I happily
slipped my face between her svelte bottom cheeks and passionately tongue kissed
the cruel little sadist's tasty anus and hot, tight rectum. My cunt was pounded
with equal ferocity by the last of the Mistresses until she too had delivered
her ten strokes. I was left alone while I showed my appreciation for this last
sister in the same fashion as I had the others.

By the time the little Mistress was satisfied with my wet, sucking devotion to
her succulent anal ring and rectum I had regained my composure almost
completely, and the fire that had assailed my well whipped cunt had faded to a
slow, persistent burning sensation. After the lovely bottom had been lifted from
my tear streaked face, and I was able to peer down at my cunt I saw that it was
now nicely swollen, and tinged with red, and, of course, quite wet from my pain
arousal. I gathered my breath, and looked over at the three young Mistresses,
noting their breathless excitement, and prepared to instruct them on the next
phase of the lesson.

"Now, sweet Mistresses, now that my wanton cunt has been so beautifully warmed
up you must prepare it to receive the gift that the second whip will bestow on
it. Take the two weights from the table. You will find a piercing in each of my
fat outer twat flaps. Run the hooks of the weights through these, then drape the
weights over the tops of my thighs. The two younger Mistresses undertook this
task, and I whimpered slightly with renewed hurt when the pull of the heavy
weights served to tear my outer cunt lips apart obscenely, revealing the
dripping trench of my gash completely. The ragged, silky mouth of my cunt pit
gaped open lewdly, and my gash slug, stiff and throbbing, protruded licentiously
from its loose, wet foreskin.

"Now, adored Mistresses, it's time to show you how to make a slave's cunt
explode in agony. Take up the multi-stranded wire whip from the table. It is
advisable to allow the slave to passionately tongue your glorious pussy holes
from the start, while this whip is used on her lecherous gash, so that her
shrieks, and squeals of pain and suffering are muffled to some extent. If it
pleases you, however, to here a slave wail out her misery while you punish her
twat, then you don't have to do this, of course." I instructed, knowing in my
mind that the Mistresses would not be able to resist experiencing the pleasures
of my adoring mouth on their pussy pouches while I was being punished so
savagely. "Please, adored Mistresses, use the vicious whip without mercy! A true
slave will not submit to you completely if you thrash her slattern cunt with
anything less than utter pitilessness!"

The looks on the faces of the three young Dominatrixes clearly showed that they
were going to follow my advice, as if the fact that each was impatiently tugging
at their G-strings was not proof enough of intent. Soon my eyes were elatedly
taking in three gorgeous young pussies, nestled so sexily between smooth shapely
thighs. My mouth flooded with longing at this wonderful sight. Each of the girls
had had the fine hair that graced their delightful mounds trimmed and shaped
into a heart, while their plump sex lips were plucked entirely clean. Instead of
being the first to wield the whip this time, the elder of the sisters decided
that she would rather be the first to experience my submissive tongue in her
pussy, and she handed the cruel whip to one of her siblings, then walked around
and straddled my face.

I gazed up in utter joy at the girl's heavenly pussy. It was so gorgeous! So
exquisitely perfect! It plump, smooth outer lips, swollen with her arousal, and
parted by her spreading of her thighs, and the drooping inner ones glistening
with her moisture! Her clitoris, so swollen that its tip had escaped from its
fleshy home! And the aroma! The luscious aroma of fresh young female sexuality
wafting down from it, and filling my senses, and thrilling me to the core! For a
brief instant my delight at being permitted to sink my tongue into such paradise
made me forget my predicament, and the awful price I was to pay for that
immaculate privilege. Even as the domatrix began to lower her pussy towards my
mouth, I raised my head, mouth opened wide and tongue thrust out in eagerness.
Sensations of sheer happiness flooded me when my tongue finally slid easily into
the flooded depths of the girl's sacred pussy hole, and my taste buds were
overwhelmed with the aromatic flavours of young, fresh female sexuality.

Suddenly my own wantonly splayed open cunt erupted in fire and fabulous hurt
when the many tiny metal balls of the barbaric whip sliced deeply into its
dripping meat. I moaned quietly into the pussy pressed into my mouth while the
pain consumed me completely. While stroke after mercilessly delivered stroke
tormented my pain filled cunt my tongue wriggled insanely in the silky pussy
hole, lashing its writhing walls with feral intensity. I soon found my mind in
conflict. I longed to beg the young Mistress whipping my suffering cunt to whip
it harder, but that would mean withdrawing my tongue from the delicious pussy
hole, and doing that, even for a few seconds, would fill me with sadness. My
ardent masochistic nature finally won out, however, and I withdrew my tongue and
squealed out passionately, "Please! Please! Adored Mistress, whip my lewd cunt
harder! Whip the depraved gash mercilessly! Thrash the harlot split with all
your might!"

After making my subservient pleas with untamed yearning I again sighed with joy
as my tongue once again sank into the hot, wet silkiness of the dominant pussy
pressed so firmly against my adoring mouth, and tongued it ardently while my own
cunt burned and throbbed with ever increasing intensity. My heart almost broke
when the Mistress who fed me her fabulous pussy rose up and stepped away from
me. My sorrow was only fleeting, thankfully, for no sooner had one sacred pussy
been denied me, than another took its place. A fresh young one, drooling with
arousal, plastered itself against my gaping mouth and my eager tongue sank
happily into its hot, convulsing depths. The fire in my cunt grew hotter as the
whipping it was subjected to continued without pause, another of the
Dominatrixes taking up where her sister had left off.

I existed in a masochistic paradise of pain and submission where nothing else
existed except my dreadful suffering, and my eternal worship of those
responsible for it. I lost my self completely in the joy of adoring sacred
dominant pussy, and the extreme ecstasy of  the pain and hurt assailing my own
agonised cunt. I hardly even noticed when the mistresses again changed places,
but it did enter my mind that they didn't stop at just one turn each, but I
didn't care. It could have gone on forever as far as I was concerned.
Eventually, of course, it did stop, and the three Mistresses stood back, chests
heaving with a mixture of extreme excitement, and the results of their efforts
in wielding the whip. For my part my big tits, teats as stiff as steel, rose and
fell as I gasped for breath following my ordeal. It was time to move on to the
final stage of the lesson, and I welcomed the prospect of even more fabulous
suffering with a sense of masochistic elation.

"Superb Mistresses!" I cried in uncontrolled excitement and anticipation. "It's
time to instruct you in the art of cunt slug whipping. A slave suffers most
exquisitely under this, the ultimate punishment. You must be especially cruel
and merciless when you subject your adoring slave to this most savage of
ordeals. First, sweet Mistresses, you must prepare the slave's cunt slug. You
will see that I have provided a special clamp for this purpose. Get this clamp
from the table and I'll explain how it is to be used." The elder Mistress
quickly retrieved the clamp and I continued, 'Peel back, sweet Mistress, the
bitch's foreskin and completely expose her cunt slug." The Dominatrix reached
down to my swollen cunt and did as she was instructed, commenting mockingly to
her sisters while doing so, "Just look at the bitch's gash. It's so slippery
with her slut juices that I can hardly keep a hold of her lewd slug. Look how
big and stiff it is. The hot little slut is certainly enjoying this. Let's see
if she still is after we've finished with her!" She finished, ominously.

"Once the slave's slug is completely exposed, adored Mistress", I continued,
"Slip the clamp over it, and press it down firmly to the base of the slug.' The
Domatrix did as I had instructed, and I shivered with dread and delight when the
cold circle of metal closed around the base of my pulsing cunt stalk. "Now,
adored Mistress, tighten the clamp savagely. You must tighten it so tightly that
it can not slip, even when the most barbaric of whip lashes are being delivered
to the slave's slug.' The Mistress again reacted to my instruction with eager
efficiency, and I squealed with hurt while the circle of metal crushed the base
of my stiff, aching cunt slug. When the Dominatrix had finished my slug had
swollen fabulously, and tingled with hurt, but more importantly, stood out from
my drooling gash proudly and defenselessly, totally vulnerable to the torment it
was to receive.

I whimpered deliciously, "Look how the clamp presents the slave's cunt prick,
adored Mistresses, so big and swollen, so defenseless, so utterly vulnerable to
your whip. One of the younger Mistresses had retrieved the riding whip I had
laid out and was examining it with interest. "The riding whip, with its long,
flexible shaft, and hard lash is the perfect instrument for whipping slave cunt
slug." I explained to the three young Dominatrixes, "Strokes can be delivered
with such a whip with unerring accuracy, and the whip's hardened lash ensures
that the pain the slave suffers is truly terrible, as it always should be!"
Having finished the instructions concerning preparation I gathered my breath, my
heart pounding with masochistic lust, and began to explain the best methods of
delivery.

"And now, sweet Mistresses!" I panted. "Now you are going to learn how to really
punish a slave! How to really accept a slave's undying devotion and eternal
submission. The slave's cunt cock is prepared in this way so that you can
experience the true depths of her surrender, even as you are making her suffer,
even if you are alone. A true slave, a born masochist, will worship and adore
your own fabulous, exquisite clitoris with infinite love and devotion, and with
all the tender passion imaginable when you permit her to do so under the whip.
The more cruelly you punish her wanton cunt slug, the more exquisitely she will
work to pleasure your glorious clitoris. The more savagely you inflict the cunt
slug thrashing, the more unadulterated will be the pleasure her devoted
submissive tongue will give you. So, sweet Mistresses, when you punish a slave's
whore, cunt prick, punish it hard, and with no mercy! Punish it pitilessly,
until her tongue has teased and stimulated your own stunningly beautiful
clitoris to earth shattering climax!"

By the time I had finished my lurid dissitation a pair of slender young thighs
were straddling my upturned face. Obviously the elder Dominatrix was not going
to be first to experience my submissive, and superbly talented tongue this time.
I stared up at the slowly descending pussy of the girl with elated joy. Its
plump smooth lips were swollen and pouted sexily with the evidence of the girl's
burgeoning arousal. The pretty little clitoris was stiff, and half exposed from
its foreskin, and seemed to be reaching out for my already fully extended
tongue. Just as the beautiful clitoris came into range the girl reached down
with one hand and carefully used a fingernail to peel back the foreskin to fully
expose her clitoral shaft. Stars of ecstasy exploded in my fevered brain when my
tip of my soft tongue was finally able to delicately trace the length of her
pulsing clitoral shaft.

This joy was soon overwhelmed by the agony that erupted when the first stroke of
the whip lashed at my own obscenely exposed cunt slug, and my gurgling shriek
rent the air of the room. I shrieked and squealed like a stuck pig while the
Mistress wielding the cruel whip mercilessly flayed my agonised cunt cock. My
tongue washed wetly over and around the clitoris it worshipped with a passion
that increased commensurably with the level of my suffering. These Mistresses
had learned well. I couldn't imagine a more merciless whipping of my agonised
cunt prick, but never the less I cried out in abject passion, "Whip harder,
divine Mistress! Whip harder! Harder!"

The thighs and belly of the girl whose clitoris I was sucking with abandoned
passion by this time were beginning to tremble, and I realised that her climax
was almost upon her, and renewed the fervor with which my tongue lashed her
throbbing clitoris. I wallowed in my intense pain and awful suffering while the
girl came, and came, and came, her clitoris jerking and pulsating, and her
divine pussy pouring out the juices of its pleasure. I lapped the sopping meat
with joy, drinking down her pouring juices as though they were the most
delicious repast I had ever had, which was not altogether untrue. After what
seemed for ever, but in reality a mere minute or so, the intensity of the girl's
climax began to fade, and she straightened up moving her pussy out of reach of
my mouth.

My momentary anguish at the loss of the sacred pussy was quickly allayed by the
arrival of a fresh set of slim thighs straddling my head and, more importantly,
a new, beautiful pussy with an already fully exposed clitoris for me to worship
and suck with feral passion. While my eager tongue went back to work the
merciless flaying of my pain filled cunt slug continued unrelentingly. I
suffered and suffered while my tongue sucked and lashed the new clitoris with
ever increasing ardor. Soon, all too soon for my liking, this girl's pussy
exploded in orgasm, and I drank the flooded pussy dry. The final Mistress then
fed my adoring, and insatiable mouth with her sacred pussy and divine clitoris
while the whipping continued, and I pleasured it with equal enthusiasm. In the
back of my mind was a sense of impending doom. This was to be the last pussy
that I was to be permitted to pleasure, and I wanted more! Not just more
celestial pussy to abjectly submit to, and pleasure with my devoted tongue, but
more punishment! Why was my punishment to stop! It was not fair! I existed to
suffer, and to adore! It was not fair that this should be denied me!

The cruel whipping stopped as abruptly as it had begun. The last clitoris was
removed from my tongue by its sexually sated owner. It was over. I lay wallowing
in the aftermath of my suffering, my cunt still on fire, and the taste of female
sexuality still fresh in my mouth. The three exhausted Mistresses went about
freeing my nudity from its bondage with practiced efficiency, and I soon found
myself kneeling before them. My disappointment at the lesson being over was
complete when each of the Mistresses donned their little leather G-strings,
hiding their beautiful pussies from me.

"Thank you, divine Mistresses!" I cried, "Thank you from the depths of my soul
for punishing my wanton cunt so thoroughly! The slave that is to be bought for
you is going to be one of the luckiest slaves there has ever been, to be owned
by such merciless Mistresses as you. To be able to worship such beautiful
pussies as yours! To be permitted to suffer such exquisite agonies at your
hands! She is to be lucky beyond imagining! I pray, sacred Mistresses, that the
lesson I have given has met with your complete approval!"

Whether, or not, this was the case I was not to know, at least not from the
three Dominatrixes, for they were already leaving the room before I had finished
my final words. I was left alone, and I took a few brief seconds to contemplate
my ordeal before the necessity to prepare for the next class began to invade my
thoughts. This realisation quickly banished all thoughts of what had just
befallen me from my mind for it was to be infinitely more agonising for me that
the mere whipping had been. My brain was soon alive to the prospect of true cunt
torture. Torture of the kind that only a true masochist of my nature can
possible endure without losing consciousness. My swollen cunt throbbed with
eager anticipation! My heart pounded with submissive lust at the very thought of
what was to come! The teats capping my heavy tits stiffened and tingled in
enthusiastic response.

A quick Glance at the clock informed me that I had an hour to go before the
second class for the day was due to begin. I rose up, left the room and padded
down to a bathroom. I showered quickly, and prepared my nudity for its next
student, making sure that my hair was brushed until it shone lustrously, and
that my make-up was perfect. I then returned to the punishment room to prepare
it for the lesson. The bondage rack remained, but I returned all other
instruments to their places in the storage closets, then selected those that
would be required for the new lesson. One long needle, and two shorter ones,
which I lay on the low table, together with two heavy weights attached to long
cords, which split into three parts at their other ends, each one with a sharp
fish hook at its end. I finally selected a cunt torture device that was so new
that even Mistress had not yet used it to torment my cunt herself. Its purpose
had, however, been explained to me and I shivered with dread at the thought of
the agony it was designed to inflict on the cunt that embraced it. I lay this
device on the table then prepared to adopt the posture that I had decided would
be the most appropriate to greet the Dominatrix I was to instruct.

After I had managed to trap my arms behind me in a bent arm binder sounds of
movement outside the door signaled that she had arrived, and I quickly lay on my
back on the floor. I then spread my legs so that they were at right angles to my
hips, then raised my body up so that it arched into the air, with spread thighs
facing the door. Only my feet, and the top of my head were still in contact with
the floor. This, of course, presented my splayed open cunt in a most lewd and
wanton display. My heavy tits drooped down towards my face which faced the
opposite wall where I could still see the door to the room reflected in its
mirrored surface.

No sooner had I managed to get into position than the door swung open. My heart
leapt with excitement, and sheer desire, as the woman swept into the room. She
was a least six feet tall, and her body was covered from neck to ankle by a
shiny, black, patent leather cloak. In one hand she held two leashes, the other
ends of which were attached to the nose rings of two naked slave women who
crawled into the room after her. The tall Mistress leered down at my obscene
display and commented to her slaves, "Sluts, that is how a slave should offer
her lascivious nudity to a Mistress! Take heed!" As soon as she stopped speaking
I took the opportunity to welcome her.

"Exulted Mistress!" I bleated submissively, "I offer this lewd cunt split to
you, and beg to be permitted to instruct you in the art of tormenting it. It
fills me with happiness to be permitted to instruct you in the art of advanced
cunt punishment, fabulous Mistress!" I panted, excitement overwhelming me.
"Alright, bitch, you've offered it to me, and I'm going to accept your offer.
Now kneel up, and I'll introduce you to my two personal sluts!"

I did as the young Domina instructed, awkwardly because of my bondage, and was
soon kneeling, with thighs wide spread, before the other slaves. Before she
began, the tall Mistress let her cloak fall from her body. My heart absolutely
soared with wonder! This girl was easily the most beautiful I had ever seen, and
she was almost naked. In fact, the only clothing she wore, apart from her high
heeled boots, was a tiny pleated leather skirt that barely reached the tops of
her full smooth thighs. Her fabulous breasts were bare. The beautiful mounds
were at least as large as my own big tits, but unlike mine, which hang heavily
from my torso, and have big, soft underbellies, this vision of loveliness had
breasts that jutted straight out from her chest, and were capped by gorgeous
nipples that projected out from the creamy mounds like glorious beacons.

The exquisite girl's legs were long and shapely, and her waist was literally
tiny. Her flawless skin was light olive, and her shiny black hair was done up in
a single plait that hung right down to the tops of her svelte buttocks. Her
beautiful face was tastefully made up, and wore an expression of sheer
dominance. My heart literally ached with adoration for the stunning Dominatrix.
How extraordinarily lucky the two slaves kneeling on either side of her were, to
be owned by such a stunning Goddess. She turned, reached down and unclipped the
leashes from her slaves' nose rings, and I was given a brief glimpse of the
rounded bottoms of her superb buttocks, enough of a look to tease, and enough to
realise that the girl wore no panties. Looking back over her shoulder, and
smirking mockingly, The lovely Domina deliberately spread her thighs a little
before bending lower down to unlock the cunt rings of her two slave women.

My mouth gaped open in absolute wonder, and my pounding heart began to literally
ache with longing at the sheer erotic display of the most stunningly spectacular
pussy I had ever seen. Its full outer lips were creamy smooth, and joined in a
gorgeously full, smooth mound. The delicate inner lips were just big enough to
signal their presence, and a clitoral ridge that promised so much was clearly
evident at the base of the fabulous mound. My brain went crazy with yearning. I
thought that I would literally die of sheer misery if I couldn't get my
worshipping face between those fabulous thighs, and my adulating mouth on that
heavenly font of female sexuality. It was then that I got my first hint of just
how exquisitely cruel, and superbly sadistic this young Dominatrix actually was.

"I can see that you are suitably impressed, bitch!" The girl chortled, her
amusement clear in her dancing eyes. "I'll bet you're dying to worship at my
sacred font, but that privilege will be purely academic if I don't think you
perform up to my standards, and you have no idea just how high I set those
standards, but you'll soon find out. I know that slaves like to worship with
their sucking mouths while they suffer, and you will certainly be doing so. Why
do you think that I've brought these two pigs along, just for the ride?" She
asked tauntingly.

"Oh you'll be sucking, alright! While I subject your lewd cunt split to the
agony it so richly deserves for drooling so obscenely in my presence, you will
be permitted to feast your depraved belly on the ripe juices of this pig's
raunchy whore gash!" She announced, petting the head of the slave woman kneeling
on her left. "Whether, or not, you get to worship at my heavenly font will rely
entirely on how this pig judges your performance. And I can assure you, the fat
swine, whose sole existence is based around the worship of my pussy, guards that
privilege jealously. You'll have to give her whore split the cunt sucking of a
lifetime before she'll even consider the possibility of allowing your lips and
tongue to touch my sacred sex!"

Oh what a lucky slave the Mistress had, and not just to have the focus of her
existence exclusively her owner's exquisitely beautiful pussy, but also because
she was about to have her own cunt sucked more extraordinarily skillfully than
she had ever experienced before. There was no way the slave was going to be able
to deny me the joy of worshipping at her Mistress's font of female sexuality
because she thought that I was something less than the most skilled twat
worshipper in the universe. The fabulous Dominatrix then announced, "Let me have
my pigs introduce themselves to you, bitch, then we can get on with our fun!"

She moved behind the slave kneeling on her left, leant down and hooked her
fingers through the slave's teat rings, and began to vigorously shake the
woman's huge, soft tits. The slave woman would have been in her middle to late
thirties in age. Her tits were literally enormous, and sagged down almost to the
level of her deep sunk belly button. The massive mounds were creamy white, and
seemed excessively soft. The teats that capped each huge udder were equally
large, and deep brown in colour, and, of course, were fully erect. The woman's
belly was rounded and well covered with a layer of fat, and her thighs were also
oversized. The kneeling slave possessed a cunt of truly monumental proportions.
It was, in fact, quite the biggest cunt I had ever seen, with chubby outer lips
at least six inches in length, and a cunt slug that, even though stiff, and at
its largest, must still be rated as unnaturally big. All in all the woman,
despite her age, and her generous covering of flesh, could only be described as
sensuously voluptuous.

"Tell the bitch when you became my slave, pig!" The gorgeous young Mistress
ordered the slave whose mammoth tits she was bouncing violently. "Oh, exalted
Mistress!" The slave cried out breathlessly. "I became your total slave from the
moment you first tormented my slattern cunt pit! I became your utterly
subservient pig from the moment your stupendous little body stretched my whore
cunt tube open, and you exited my baby cave and came into the world to take your
place as owner of my being, body and soul!"

My mouth gaped in wonder! This slave woman was the mother of her fabulously
beautiful owner! This slave woman had, from the moment of birth of her beautiful
daughter, given up her freedom, and had surrendered to her offspring! It was so
exquisitely depraved! So divinely submissive! So angelically debauched! My heart
raced with renewed submissive elation, to be permitted to serve such a superb
Dominatrix was beginning to fill me with masochistic joy unbounded. I completely
forget the constant aching in my muscles that was brought about by the
contorted, and utterly lascivious pose I held. My splayed open cunt was flooding
profusely with my burgeoning arousal.

"Now, quickly, explain to this bitch how you raised me, and how you led your own
life up until I was old enough to take control of you, fat pig!" The Mistress
commanded, with a cruel grin. The slave woman then began to relate her bizarre
story to me, "Immediately following your celestial birth, my exulted Mistress, I
had my sluttish cooze sown up. It had served its sole purpose, while I still
controlled it. That was to have it fucked repeatedly, until you, illustrious
Mistress, had been conceived, and subsequently born. From that moment on my lewd
sexuality was no longer in my control, and to ensure that my I could not
surrender to my sluttish nature, and immerse myself in constant sexual
debauchery, sowing the fat cunt up seemed to be the most appropriate solution."
I was increasingly aghast at the sheer fantastic nature of the story being
related, and there was more, even more bizarre, to come, much more!

"From the instant of your birth, exalted Mistress, I submitted unconditionally
to your will, and worshipped and adored you from the depths of my soul. From the
age when you were first able to understand, I have never entered your presence
other than on my knees, and have from that time on always signified my complete
surrender to you by kissing your feet in immaculate submission whenever in your
presence. From the moment you could comprehend, angelic Mistress, I have taught
you to extract my submission ruthlessly, and to punish me soundly for any act I
might have committed that displeased you in even the slightest way. As you grew
older, exalted Mistress, kisses of deference placed, with total devotion, and
utter submission, on you glorious bottom, initially clothed, but later bare,
joined those given to your feet, to further add to your education as my Goddess,
and I, your undying adorer! Your eternal worshipping slave!"

The haughty Mistress dropped her slave's tits at this stage of the story, and
went over to stand behind her other slave woman. This woman was of the same age
as the Mistress' mother slave, but her tits were no where nearly as large, and
were not of the shape to hang from her chest. Also her splayed open cunt was
less prominent, in fact it looked like an immature example of female sexuality,
and didn't even appear to have a clitoris. This woman was also less feminine in
her facial features, although she could still be said to be pleasantly handsome.
She also wore a set of weird earrings, shaped like tiny spherical bird cages.
Inside each was what appeared to be a shriveled up walnut, no more than a
quarter of an inch in diameter. These weird balls ratted around in the wire
cages whenever the slave moved her head.

"Now you, swine!" The Dominatrix announced with a special cruel edge to her
voice. "Tell this bitch your story!" The slave woman then began to relate a tale
that, if I was not already impressed with the sheer sadistic cruelty of the
fabulously beautiful Dominatrix, I became in absolute awe of it.

"I too, sacred Mistress! Have been your utter slave from the moment of your
birth. Prior to that I was the slave of your pig." The Mistress reached down and
flicked the slave's strange earrings, bouncing the tiny balls around in them for
my visual benefit. "What are these, lewd swine?" She asked with a cruel smirk
that did not escape my notice. The slave, chest trembling with shame, or
perhaps, masochistic excitement, answered in a quivering voice, "Those, holy
Goddess, are the nuts that once dangled from my wanton fork!" The Mistress leant
further down with one hand, and I watched in the walled mirror while she used
her fingers to extract a smallish dildo from the slave's arsehole. The dildo
although small, perhaps six inches in length, was the most lifelike image of a
penis that I had ever seen.

"And what is this, lurid swine?" She asked. "That, divine Mistress, is the prick
slug that once hung down from between my fat thighs!" My mouth gaped in utter
shock. The slave 'woman' was actually a male. Before my brain could actually
come to grips with this revelation the Mistress continued, "Explain to this lewd
bitch what was your fate , obscene swine!" The slave woman continued with her
fantastic story.

"The pig, sacred Mistress, who was initially my Mistress as well, used me to
fuck her until you were conceived. Then she had my prick slug placed in
permanent chastity, never to spit its scum again. She began a course of hormone
treatments to transform my body from that of a male, to one as close to being
female as the pig's stunted imagination would allow. For all the years, before
you were old enough to actually take control of my being in all senses, I
submitted to you in all the ways that the pig has related in her story. On your
sixteenth birthday, hallowed Mistress, I was permitted to surrender to you in
utter ecstasy, as a real female. It was only you, radiant Mistress, only one
such as you who could have forced such utter submission!" My mind was alive with
thrilling lust, while I took in the enormity of what this transformed slave was
relating.

"We were transported to a special clinic in Switzerland, to a doctor of dominant
bent who would, for a modest fee, transform a male slave into a female slave,
and I submitted to his skills with immaculate joy, for I was to become what you,
my exalted Mistress, desired!" The Mistress then took over the telling of the
tale. I could tell that relating this part of the fantastic tale pleased the
consummate sadist greatly.

"The animal was strapped, naked, to the operating table, her fat tits thrusting
up saucily, bitch, and all was in readiness. The animal was ready to lose the
last evidence that she was once a man. I was so excited, and not just because my
little father pig was about to lose it all, but mainly because I had been able
to persuade the doctor to allow me to do the actual removal, and I couldn't
wait. In fact, I was so pleased with this that I was even prepared to allow the
swine to have a little reward while I was so engaged. The doctor, of course, was
only too pleased to accede to this request as well." The cruel Mistress slapped
her slave's fat tits, and ordered, "You tell the bitch what happened next, pig!"

"From the moment my sex had been rendered useless, some sixteen years before, I
had had absolutely no sexual contact with anyone, the pig had seen to that. Even
prior to that the only sexual activity I had ever had was that which was
required to produce you, my fabulous Mistress!" The slave woman cried in utterly
submissive joy. She was really enjoying reliving the horrendous fate she had so
willingly submitted to. These two slaves, I decided, must be as masochistic as
I, especially the one who used to be male. I was about to find out that she
could be even more submissive than I, if that were possible.

"At the clinic, exalted Mistress, the doctor had me prepared, right up to the
actual application of the scalpel. I had begged and pleaded with the doctor to
ensure that his application of the anesthetic would be such that I would still
be able to actually feel the scalpel when you, celestial Mistress, honoured me
by slicing off my prick slug and scum bags, and by careful manipulation of the
dosage, he was able to achieve this for me. Then the big moment arrived, adored
Mistress, and you filled me with happiness for, with the good doctor's eager
cooperation, you permitted me to undertake my first sexual service since you
were born. The handsome doctor took off his trousers, and revealed his penis and
testicles. He straddled my head and fed my yearning mouth his fabulous
testicles, the first male testicles I had ever had in my mouth, had ever been
permitted to worship with my servile tongue. I was in paradise, exalted
Mistress."

"While I tenderly tongued the doctor's succulent testicles, angelic Mistress, my
heart exploded in joy when I felt the blade slice into the meat at the base of
my own slack scum bags. I sucked the doctor's tight, full testicles with utterly
devoted passion while you, my sacred Mistress, slowly, and efficiently removed
my scum bags completely, under the pleasure filled doctor's careful instruction.
When you had completed this, the first of your self appointed tasks, it was time
to move on the other, the removal of my puny worm!"

"The doctor removed his lovely testicles from my adoring mouth, filling me with
sadness at their loss. but then, once again, my heart soared with sexual
delight, for he slowly, and teasingly, brought his gorgeous hot, stiff, juicy
penis into range of my yearning mouth. Just before you made the first cut, holy
Mistress, the doctor sank the head of his penis into my worshipping mouth, and
my heart exploded in ecstasy as I savoured my first taste of sublime male
sexuality. The hot, juicy penis head plumbed the depths of my gulping throat
when the first cut was made, and the process of removing my prick slug had
begun. I sucked the juicy penis with all the passion I could muster, saintly
Goddess, while you sliced my prick slug from my fork, and at the precise instant
that the fleshy tube was completely removed the doctor sent me to slave heaven
by emptying his testicles into my gulping throat. Stream after stream of his
succulent testicle juice poured into my convulsing throat, fabulous Mistress,
and I swallowed it all with stars of masochistic ecstasy exploding before me
eyes. My utter ,and immaculate submission to you, my celestial Goddess, was
completed in the most glorious and fitting manner imaginable!"

My heart was pounding with excited lust, and I thrust my wanton cunt out to this
girl, the consummate sadist, with utter yearning. I longed to suffer under her
hand! My swollen, dripping cunt craved the agony she would inflict on it! My
swollen tits ached with the need to submit to this girl's torments! Such
exquisite cruelty! Such fabulous sadism! Such a stunningly beautiful, utterly
merciless, completely pitiless Dominatrix! To submit to her would fill me with
almost unearthly joy and happiness.

The cruel girl returned to her other slave for the completion of their tale of
extraordinary submission, and supernatural cruelty. She reached down and slapped
the slave's huge tits roughly, and commanded her to continue the story.

"Your swine, and I, my exalted Mistress, were left in the care of the doctor, at
the clinic. The swine was to have her cunt pit constructed, and I, your putrid
pig, had my sown up cunt split re-opened. You also had me sterilised, so that
those males to whom you might give me to to play with would not be able to get
me pregnant again. Six weeks later, when all was finished, you again came to the
clinic and collected us. That, my exalted Mistress, was when you informed us of
what were to be our special responsibilities for the rest of our lives. You made
me happy beyond my ability to comprehend, my celestial Mistress, when you
announced that hence forth, my only contact with your heavenly person would be
to bury my slave face between you fabulous thighs, and to suck your exquisite
pussy for your pleasure. The worship, adoration, and pleasure of your sacred
pussy was to become the sole reason for my existence!"

"If anything, my sacred Goddess, you honoured the swine even more greatly! You
announced to her that her only physical contact with your person was to bury her
face between your extraordinary bottom cheeks, and to worship, adore, and
pleasure your incomparable anus and luscious rectum with her servile tongue.
That lucky swine was to exist to administer to your most intimate, and hallowed
orifice for the rest of her servile existence. The thought of her gorgeous fate
must have filled the swine with untold joy and happiness!"

"Then, my sacred Mistress, you announced that you would be allowing us to
abandon ourselves utterly to our perverted lusts, to celebrate the occasion of
our ultimate submission. You took us, heavenly Goddess, to an area of the city
where it was known that tramps and the homeless gathered. You had your chauffeur
pull up in the centre of that destroyed area, and summoned a group of loitering
tramps over to your limousine. You pushed the swine and I out of the car, naked,
and filled with shame and fright, and announced to the filthy group of men,
'These two whore sluts are yours to play with for the next twenty four hours.
Spread the word around. I want them fucked to within an inch of their lives. You
can fuck their drooling cunts, or their slack hot arse pits, I don't care! The
only stipulation I have is that they only be permitted to suck on pricks after
the pricks have been buried up their arseholes. The whore cunts will deny you
nothing, and will fuck for you with utterly debauched depravity. Should either
ever flag in her efforts to pleasure you you are allowed to whip her arse until
her performance improves! Treat the lurid pigs with utter depravity, fuck their
tight arse chutes, their drooling cunts, piss on them, let them drink piss from
your shit flecked pricks, have them suck out your arse rings. When I pick the
animals up at this time tomorrow, I expect them to be utterly fucked out! I
expect them to smell like piss soaked, cum splattered harlots! I expect their
cunt and arse holes, and especially their mouths to be flooded with pungent cock
cream! So, gentlemen, enjoy yourselves, and don't disappoint me!'"

"You then left, exulted Mistress, and one of the tramps immediately grabbed me
and drove his filthy cock straight up my tight arse pit. I had no time to savour
the first stiff, hot prick to ream out my arse for more than sixteen years
because, exalted Mistress, the tramp was only seasoning it for my mouth, as per
your strict instruction. I swallowed the rancid prick with utter elation when
the tramp drove its stinking length into my gaping mouth, and down my gulping
throat. I sucked the throbbing cock with all the passion that had built up over
the years of total abstinence. While I settled down to suck the huge prick
another tramp drove his cock into my arse pit, and wildly slapped my rolling
arse slabs while he fucked me with debauched abandon. I glanced over at the
swine, to see that her nudity was wedged between two tramps who were savagely
raping her arse and cunt chutes at the same time. The depraved slut was not
squealing out her depravity because her mouth was filled with the hot, sticky
length of another shit flecked prick. I wondered whether the tramp fucking her
cunt pit realised that he was stripping the lewd, depraved swine of her womanly
virginity!"

"The prick in my mouth erupted first, and filled my gulping throat with a deluge
of pungent cock cream. Stars of ecstasy exploded in my depraved brain while I
gulped it all down into my churning belly. The tramp tore his sated cock from my
mouth just as his partner emptied his swinging balls into the depths of my arse
pit. A tramp immediately took his place, and drove his fat prick into my cunt
chasm and began to wildly fuck it. Another huge cock speared my drenched arse
ring, then was withdrawn and presented to my drooling mouth. I sucked this prick
with increased passion, losing myself completely in my own lewd depravity! At
one point I looked over to the swine, and saw that a tramp had his prick buried
deeply in her harlot gullet, and that the swine was swallowing for all she was
worth. At first I thought that she was drinking the tramp's fat balls dry, then
I reasilsed, because of the time that was being taken, that he was feeding her
his piss! The debauched animal was swallowing this rancid liquid down with
exactly the same eager depravity as she had the cock cream that had preceded
it!"

"On and on it went. The swine and I were fucked and fucked, up both arse and
cunt, by what seemed to be a never ending stream of hot, stiff pricks. We
passionately sucked countless arsehole seasoned cocks, drank fabulous quantities
of spewing ball cream, and even larger amounts of rancid piss. Towards the end
of the period, when sheer physical exhaustion began to be a factor, our arse
slabs, and even our fat tits, were whipped with belts and switches to urge us
on. Just before you returned to collect us, fabulous Mistress, the hundred or so
tramps that had gathered were also exhausted, and the swine and I were laid on
our backs, and all of them pissed all over us. I wallowed in my utter depravity
while the hot streams splashed down on my body, especially my heaving udders!"

"You returned, adulated Mistress, right on time. You expressed your satisfaction
at the state of our reeking carcasses, and loaded us into the boot of your car.
You, in your awesome capacity to reduce us to the absolute depths of
degradation, had one more indignity to inflict on us when we arrived home. A
large rubber square mat was laid out on the lawn, then you ordered us to lie on
it, then to suck each others carcasses clean of the filth that covered us from
head to foot. The putrid swine's tits were cruelly thrashed when you discerned
that she was sucking my cunt, rather than merely tonguing it clean, for, as we
know, magnificent Mistress, that slut is not permitted to sexually serve
females!"

I was beside myself with wonder at this tale of utter depravity. My stretched
open cunt split drooled with my juices. This was surely the most sadistic and
fabulously dominant Mistress in the universe. To subject slaves to such
degradation was almost beyond the capacity of my mind to comprehend. But to
subject slaves, who were also her birth parents, to such degradation and sheer
humiliation was even more unimaginable. Mistress has frequently given me to
large groups of males as a sex toy, but never to the dregs of society. I could
only imagine the feelings of awful degradation that these two slave's were
constantly subjected to.

"Well, bitch!" The Dominatrix chuckled, "Now that you know what standards I
expect from slaves, no, what standards I impose on slaves, I wonder if your
still as anxious to surrender that cunt you are presenting so lewdly into my
tender care?" I gasped in fright, and, if possible in my contorted position,
thrust the wanton gash out even more blatantly. "Oh, adulated Mistress!" I cried
in abject pleading, "You are the most fabulous Mistress I have ever seen! I
yearn to surrender my whore gash to you, adored Mistress! Please! Please!
Precious Mistress! Accept the lewd cunt I offer, and punish it! Punish it with
all your cruelty! Take possession of the wanton twat split, and torture it with
all the sublime sadistic brutality you possess! Punish my cunt split! Torment my
twat gash! Torture my slattern cooze! The lurid gash yearns to accept its agony!
Longs to wallow in its barbaric suffering! Please, adulated Mistress! Please!" I
pleaded with every fibre of my being. My mind was totally immersed in
masochistic lust! I was sure I would die if this exquisitely cruel Mistress
didn't accept my pleas, and torment my cunt with her own special brand of
sadistic cruelty.

"Well, bitch, so be it! But there is no turning back! I never stop what I've
started until I am completely satisfied with the results. Let's start by you
explaining all about these little instruments of torment that are laid out for
me, shall we?"

I gave the Mistress a quick explanation of the rack, and how to attach the
slave's body to it for the best results. Then I covered the various hooks,
needles and weights, and finally I explained the special torture device that I
had chosen for the event, appropriately named the 'Birth Tormentor'. My heart
raced with dreadful anticipation while explaining the purpose of this item. The
beautiful Dominatrix expressed surprise that no whips had been laid out, and I
explained to her that this was a lesson in pure cunt torture, that whips were
altogether too benign for such a lesson. Besides, I added, my cunt had only an
hour or so earlier had been subjected to a prolonged whipping by my previous
students, and was well and truly warmed up for this, the main event.

"Well, let's get you attached to the rack." The Mistress said once I had
finished. Her two slaves remained kneeling and watching while my nude body was
once again bound to the rack. When she had finished I found that my well spread
thighs and legs had been bent back, and below my torso, and securely tied in
place so that I could not move a single muscle. This caused my splayed open cunt
to become the highest point of my body, and at a nice height for the standing
Dominatrix to work on. My head was supported by the neck brace, and my large
smooth tits jutted straight up towards the mirrored ceiling.

The Mistress took the two weight and hook items, commenting with a chuckle,
"Let's get this whore cunt spread out so that I can get at it." The Mistress
pinched out one of my plump cunt lips and tried to find one of its piercings to
put the first of the hooks through. "No! No! Adulated Mistress," I cried
pleadingly, "You don't use a piercing. You drive each hook through the cunt lip
meat! The slave bitch must know that her whore gash is already suffering before
she can revel in the absolute agony of the 'Birthing Tormentor'" The Mistress
was only too pleased to accede to this plea, and I shrieked in pain when she
drove each of the six sharp hooks through my twat lips, evenly spacing them
along each moist lip. I squealed like a stuck pig when she draped each weight
over one of the rack's horizontal stays, and my tormented gash flaps were torn
wide apart, leaving my cuntal trench, with its gaping pit mouth, and straining
clitoris, drippingly bare.

I sobbed quietly, contemplating the sheer agony of my bizarrely torn open cunt
while the cruel Mistress attended to other matters. "Up pig!" She ordered her
big titted slave, "And bring me my cunt presenting chains!" The voluptuous slave
delved into a pocket in her owner's  cloak and produced two eighteen inch pieces
of small chain, and each having a sharp fish hook attached to it. While the
naked slave was presenting these to the Mistress I realised that what had been
merely hinted at earlier, was in fact true, that this Mistress needed no lessons
in tormenting slaves, she was already a consummate sadist, and was treating this
event, not as a lesson, but merely an excuse to practice her immaculate cruelty
on a submissive slave cunt.

The slave woman squealed in pain while her cruel owner drove one hook from each
of the chains through each of her fat cunt lips. She then snapped at her
whimpering slave, "Get you fat udders in position pig! I haven't got all day!"
The woman leant her shoulders forward so that her massive tits drooped down
towards her crotch. The Dominatrix then wrapped each chain around the back of
the slave's thighs, and drove the hooks at the other ends of the chains through
the woman's big, stiff teats, causing her to squeal out with fresh pain. The
Mistress then ordered the slave to take up her position.

The suffering woman duck walked around to my head and spread her chubby thighs
around my upturned face. "Straighten up, pig! Don't slouch!" The cruel Domina
snapped. The woman straightened her back and this action, of course, only served
to tear the lips of her dripping twat wide apart while, at the same time, the
hooks skewering her teats stretched them out from her massive udders
mercilessly. I gazed up at the woman's wrenched open cuntal trench and marveled
at the mass of dripping meat, its odour dominating my senses.

I thought that my cunt was one of the rauchiest immaginable, but this woman's
was as ripe and overpowering as any I had ever been subjected to. I gazed up in
rapture at its gaping hole, and the huge clitoris that arched out stiffly at its
apex, and couldn't wait to bury my face in its magnificence, but wait I did, for
the cruel Mistress had not given me permission to do so as yet. I merely
breathed the rich aroma of it into my nostrils, and my heart pounded with the
lust coursing through me while I waited for the ordeal to commence.

The beautiful Mistress took up the 'Birth Tormentor' and tested its function
with interest. The instrument, in its benign state, consisted of a two foot long
tube about a half an inch in diameter. At one end was a pistol grip, with a
trigger that worked the device's mechanism. At the other end was a shiny metal
sphere, about two inches round. When the Mistress worked the trigger, the real
purpose of the device became apparent. With each depression of the trigger the
metal sphere made a clicking sound, and grew in size. This went on until the
ball had grown to the size of a bowling ball and, unbelievably, on the final
trigger thousands of tiny spikes emerged from the silvery surface of the huge
sphere, making it look as if it was covered with sand paper.

The dominating girl giggled with glee when she saw all this, commenting, "Oh
yes! This little toy will torment a slave cunt gloriously! It's just gorgeous! I
cant wait to see it in action, bitch! Your slattern twat is going to suffer just
fabulously!" She exuded, while releasing a catch  that saw the huge metal ball
shrink back to its initial size, amid a series of metallic clicks. She then
moved into position between my thighs, and gazed lovingly down at my grotesquely
spread open, and utterly defenseless cunt, its dripping meat already convulsing
in eager anticipation of the agony about to be inflicted on it.

Just before she began the passionate Domatrix issued commands to both her own
slaves, "You! Swine! You may worship while I work!' She informed the other
slave, still kneeling patiently. The slave's face lit up with sheer delight, and
she quickly shuffled behind her Mistress, and reverently reached up with her
hands to the fabulous Mistress's gorgeous bottom cheeks. "Wait, swine!" The
Domina snapped, "Only after I've started on this bitch!" Then she addressed the
woman at whose brutally spread open twat I was staring. "You may feed the bitch,
pig!" She ordered. "Do it now! Grind your slimy cooze into her face! Paint the
low bitch's features with your rancid cunt cream!"

My senses were immediately overwhelmed by the taste of ripe, pungent, slave,
woman juice. The slave must surely have had the richest twat elixir I had ever
tasted. She ground her splayed open cunt into my upturned face as her owner had
commanded, and my eager tongue slurped wildly at the dripping meat. I was so
lost in the cunt that I sucked at so passionately that I hardly even felt the
cool metal of the torture device being driven up into my own drenched cunt pit.
The Mistress drove the small metal sphere past the mouth of, and into my baby
cave with relentless precision. Then she began to press the trigger, over and
over. Her other slave was not stopped in her tracks this time. She reached up
and parted her Mistress's lovely buttocks with almost religious reverence then,
with a gleam of sheer happiness shining on her face she slipped it between those
smooth, flawless globes, and applied her lips and tongue to the haughty
Dominatrix's succulent anal ring.

I began to whimper, more in anticipation than actual pain, while the sphere
slowly expanded in my tight baby cave. Soon my whimpers became liquid wails,
especially when the sphere neared its maximum expansion, and I knew what was
about to happen. My belly had grown visibly, and my baby cave had begun to ache
terribly. My shriek, not withstanding the fact that I had a flooded cunt
plastered all over my face, rent the atmosphere of the play room when the sphere
allowed its thousands of tiny spikes to escape from its previously smooth
surface. The pain was truly fabulous, especially when the merciless Domina began
to use the grip to turn the sphere, causing the spikes to shred my delicate
flesh with utter brutality.

I squealed and squealed in utter misery while my baby cave was literally set on
fire by the barbaric sphere. I drove my face deeper into the slave's cunt, my
long, agile tongue reaching into her convulsing cunt pit until its tip was
actually able to tease that slave's baby cave mouth. I had never had my mouth so
deeply buried in cunt before, and the sensations the slave must have been
experiencing must have been exquisite. My tormented baby cave reacted as would
be expected under such harrowing circumstances. It attempted to expel the source
of its agony, as if it had a mind of its own.

I howled and howled in utter gut wrenching agony! The pain was unearthly in its
intensity! The huge sphere stretched my baby cave mouth open with awful
certainty. The spikes tore at my meat with brutal efficiency, lacerating the wet
flesh with utter mercilessness. I howled my agony into the slave's cunt, while
stars exploded in my brain. I was in masochistic heaven! I was suffering so
gorgeously! My entire being was concentrated on my anguished cunt pit. The huge,
pain giving sphere was finally expelled from my fire laden baby cave, and crept
incredibly slowly down my unbelievably stretched open twat tunnel. The cruel
spikes shredded my smooth wet meat with fabulous cruelty.

Suddenly the sphere was at the mouth of my cunt, and my squeals and howls of
sheer unadulterated agony reverberated around the room. My cunt pit mouth was
stretched open to truly momentous proportions. The utterly merciless Dominatrix,
to the sheer pleasure of her sadism, not to mention the gorgeous sensations of
her slave's adoring tongue working so passionately on her pleasure filled anal
ring, began to push the torture sphere back into my tormented cunt pit. She
didn't shrink the device even a millimeter, and I felt it begin to creep back
into my body with utter disbelief.

How deliciously cruel, and utterly merciless this magnificent Mistress was! The
torture device was never meant to be introduced to a slave's cunt while fully
opened! It was only supposed to be expelled in this state! The wonderful
Dominatrix drove the torture ball relentlessly into my suffering cunt pit,
forcing the huge ball through my baby cave mouth and into my cavern. I shrieked
in agony, and my tongue, as if in tune with the spirit of my suffering, speared
the baby cave mouth of the slave as well.

My belly quivered uncontrollably, and my stretched open thighs knotted ferally
while the agony consumed me. My fat tits heaved, their rigid teats throbbing
madly. My belly expelled the brutal invader once again, then to my eternal,
delighted anguish the exquisitely sadistic Domina drove it back in once again.
On the fifth plunge I allowed my mouth to escape from the slave's convulsing
cunt, and engulfed her amazing cunt slug in it. The woman's hot, stiff cunt slug
was so big that it went a considerable way to actually filling my passionately
sucking mouth. While the eternally ferocious, and extraordinarily beautiful
Dominatrix drove the spiked ball into my tortured cunt pit, and my slattern hole
worked furiously to expel it once again, I no longer squealed and howled out my
pain and suffering. It had gone way beyond that, and I existed for my agony, my
masochistic juices flowing profusely. I sucked and chewed at the slave woman's
massive cunt slug with almost automatic fervor. Her plump thighs began to
shudder and shake as sheer pleasure filled her body, and she began to shriek
with ecstasy.

On the tenth vicious thrust of the brutal spiked ball into the tormented depths
of my agonised cunt pit, Mistress decided that it was enough. This coincided
with her slave's orgasm. She allowed the huge spiked ball to escape from my cunt
pit completely. I squealed as much with loss as with the extra surge of pain
that this caused. I was wallowing in my anguish, and masochistic delight, and
now it was to stop. It couldn't! I wanted to suffer more! I needed to be
tormented again, more than anything in the world.

"Would you look at this bitch's slattern cunt!" The Mistress Giggled
sadistically, "You'd think she's been fucked by an elephant! Look at the gaping
hole! Look at the swollen meat! What a slut! What a depraved harlot she is!" The
Mistress carried on like this for a few minutes while I drained her slave's cunt
dry with an avid mouth, drinking down the rich, pungent juices of her cunt with
eager relish.

"Did the bitch perform satisfactorily?" The Mistress inquired of her slave.
Despite herself, and her jealousy of her Mistress's divine pussy, the slave
gasped out an affirmative answer. What else could she do. I had indeed given her
the cunt sucking of her life, if the amount of juice she surrendered to me was
any indication. "OK, bitch!" The gorgeous Dominatrix continued, "If you drink my
pig dry, you will have earned the right to worship my clitoris!" I was confused!
I had already drank the slave's twat dry! What could the Mistress mean. Then it
hit me, and despite the savagery of my recent ordeal, my tear streaked cheeks
burned with shame and humiliation at this realisation.

Never the less, I raised my mouth to the grotesquely splayed open twat above me,
and glued my lips around its gaping piss slit. My mouth was flooded with a
torrent of salty piss, and I gulped it down in a frenzy of masochistic
submission. The slave pissed and pissed! I couldn't believe how much she had. It
seemed endless, and I swallowed every last drop of the acrid issue. The slave
eventually completely voided her bladder, and I wallowed in the shame and
humiliation of drinking, so avidly, the rank piss of another slave. The
degradation was truly magnificent.

After I had cleaned every drop from the woman's cunt she raised her body and
left me. She duck waddled around to her beautiful Mistress with a leer of
lascivious satisfaction on her face. By this time the arrogant Dominatrix had
thrust her other slave's face from between her svelte bottom cheeks. Her
wonderful pussy looked swollen and excited, with more than a hint of succulent
moisture gracing its perfect lips. She disdainfully peered at her slave, noting
the woman's look of depraved delight, and snapped cruelly, "Entertain me, pig!"

The slave woman's face immediately registered a change from rapture to dismay
but, never the less, she immediately began to shake her shoulders vigorously,
causing her massive tits to bounce wildly. She whimpered with renewed hurt when
this, of course, only served to fill both her skewered teats, and cunt lips
fierce pain. The Mistress watched her slave torment herself for a few minutes,
giving me time to recover from my ordeal and, of course, to prepare myself for a
fresh bout of agonised torture.

I needed no encouragement, I was to be honoured by being permitted to worship
the lovely girl's sacred clitoris, and my tongue ached with longing. I would
gladly accept any torture what so ever, just to be permitted such an exquisite
honour. After she had tired of her slave's bizarre self torment, the Mistress
removed the slave's chains, and the woman resumed her position, kneeling next to
her fellow chattel. Mistress went over to the table and took up the two needles
I had showed her earlier, then moved back between my splayed open thighs. She
asked me to explain the purpose of the needles once again.

"Adulated Mistress," I cried passionately, "You should peel back the sheath of
your slave's whore cunt slug, then drive each needle through the base of the
shaft. You should, sacred Mistress, ensure that the needles form an 'X' when you
have finished. This, divine Mistress, ensures not only that the entire length of
the slave's slug shaft is bared, but also causes the cunt prick to be presented
up and out from her drooling cuntal swamp!"

I squealed in pain when the beautiful Mistress drove the first needle through my
slug shaft, having first used two fingers to ensure that its fleshy protective
covering was fully peeled back. When she had finished each end of the long
silvery needle piercing my hard cunt slug was pressed deeply into each of my
spread open cunt lips. I squawked again when the second needle was thrust
cruelly through the throbbing shaft a ninety degree angle to the first. When
this one was fully in place the two needles formed a perfect cross, and my pain
soaked twat prick was fully, and defenselessly exposed, and stood out from my
convulsing trench at an angle of some forty five degrees.

The Mistress then took the final needle, and attached it securely to a perspex
arm that was attached to the centre of the rack, between my splayed open thighs.
She did not immediately adjust this arm  but rather, slightly loosened the bonds
that fixed my hips to the frame of the bondage rack. "Rut your hips, bitch!" She
snapped, "I want to test your movement." I did as ordered, and found that I
could now move my hips up and down by almost an inch, but was still firmly
denied any sideways movement. The Mistress then adjusted the arm with its
jutting needle, until the point of the needle was poised less than a quarter on
an inch above the tip of my jutting, fire laden twat prick.

"Lovely!" The awesome Mistress breathed, then moved around to my propped up
head, and made to straddle it. "No! No! Adored Mistress." I sobbed, "A Mistress
should not, when honouring a slave with the worship of her sacred clitoris,
allow the slave the luxury of artificial support. The slave must be forced to
use her own muscles to support her while she is so honoured. She must show the
Mistress how much she adores her sublime privilege, by demonstrating her
capacity to worship without help, no matter what the consequences are to her,
and no matter how ferociously she is suffering. Remove the neck rest, adored
Mistress! Force me to work for my worship of your divine clitoris!"

The cruel Mistress grinned down at my pleading face and replied, "Well, bitch,
you may have bitten off more than you can chew. But I'll accede to your plea
anyhow!" Then she unlatched the neck rest and allowed it to drop to the base of
the rack. My naked body flopped down once this support was removed, and my
swollen tits drooped down towards my face. I could only imagine the ache that I
would be subjected to when I had to use my own muscles to raise my face up to
its delightful target. But, of course, I only had myself to blame!

"Now, bitch!" The merciless young, utterly ravishing Dominatrix announced. "To
earn The right to worship my stiff little clitty you must fuck your lewd slot
slug with the beautiful silvery cock I have set up for that purpose. You will
not merely have your twat prick engulf it, then remain still. You will
continually plunge it in and out of the harlot twat cock for the entire time
that it takes your slattern tongue to bring me off!" I shuddered with dread at
the fate before me. Surely this was the cruelest Domatrix I had ever
encountered. "Bitch! I warn you, I like my pleasure slow and tender, so you will
use just the tip of your tongue to tease my clitoris until I come. I will allow
you one minute to control yourself after the silvery prick enters you cunt slug
for the first time. From then on you will maintain your silence while you
worship, and you will fuck your whore cunt cock no stop for the entire time!"

I took a few seconds to steel my self for the coming ordeal, while the Mistress
once again straddled my face, and I stared up in absolute delight while two of
her fingers gently splayed the gorgeous lips of her divine pussy open, and
revealed to my excited gaze, her sacred clitoris, stiff and wet, and fully
exposed from it foreskin. The Dominatrix glanced over at her own kneeling slaves
and noted the look of contentment still on the face of the woman whose cunt I
had sucked so passionately. She also noted the look of consternation on the face
of her other slave.

"Swine!" She commented, "You will not be permitted to adore this time, but I've
not forgotten you, and, since the pig has already enjoyed a reward, I have one
in store for you too. On the way home I have already arranged for a half a dozen
tramp cocks for you to drain. As usual, of course, you wont be permitted to suck
the scum from them after they have each been thoroughly seasoned in your rancid
arse pit. In the meantime, while I'm enjoying this bitch's devotions, you may
slip you ugly mug between the pig's fat arse slabs, and slurp at her vile arse
pit."

This announcement caused the slave woman's face to light up, and her cheeks to
flush with her humiliation. She immediately moved behind her fellow slave, who
leant forward to present her huge arse mounds, and plunged her face into the
fleshy crack. Her tongue, while not seen because of the position of the slaves,
could certainly be heard slurping wildly at the pungent arsehole. I gathered my
wits, and thrust my hips forward the inch that my bondage allowed.

Stars of sheer agony exploded before my wide eyes, and my mouth shot open in
sheer shock, as an inch of needle drove relentlessly into the erect spike of my
straining, obscenely exposed cunt slug. My heart rending shriek of agony
reverberated around the room. My thighs shuddered and my belly rippled while I
absorbed the exquisite pain. My howls and wails came non stop for the allowed
minute. I had no real control. My chest heaved and my throat convulsed with the
sheer intensity of my suffering. Then, after the initial shock began to wear
off, I began to soar with masochistic ecstasy.

I rapidly blinked away the tears that had poured from my eyes when I had plunged
my hips up to skewer my agony racked cunt slug on the cruel needle, and gazed,
in masochistic rapture, up at the Dominatrix's glorious sex. I drew a deep
sobbing breath, and strained every muscle in my body as I slowly raised my face
up to the heaven above. My long, soft tongue shot out of my panting mouth as
soon as it was in range, and an explosion of submissive ecstasy enveloped my
when its soft tip actually touched the hot hard meat of the Mistress's rigid
clitoris.

It took every once of my extraordinary self control to both maintain this
posture, and not to howl in anguish when I again flexed my hips, and the needle
first withdrew from my suffering twat prick, then plunged back into the
sensitive flesh. My tongue teased and stimulated the Mistress's spasming
clitoris with tender devotion, tracing its delicate length, then softly lashing
its burgeoning tip. I worshipped the gorgeous clitoris with every fibre of my
being, and suffered my surging agony with joy and elation. I existed for only
two purposes at that instant, one to suffer the untold agony, the other to adore
the stunningly beautiful clitoris of my sadistic tormentor.

On and on it went, and I lost myself completely in my ferocious agony, and my
fabulous pleasure at the task my tongue was given. I continually fucked my pain
filled cunt cock with the brutal needle, thrilling to each new piercing thrust.
My tongue worked devotedly, and tenderly at its sacred task, and my back ached
furiously while I maintained the contorted posture required. But all this was
soon the furthermost from my consciousness. All of my being was now concentrated
on giving the fabulous Dominatrix, who treated me so deliciously cruelly, the
most exquisite pleasure immaginable.

Her full beautiful thighs began to quiver as her orgasm approached. She sighed
and squealed, almost silently, while my eternally submissive tongue drove her
closer and closer to her climactic explosion. Then it happened. The Mistress's
swollen clitoris contracted wildly, and she shrieked in ecstasy while her orgasm
shattered her. Her divine pussy poured with her sacred essence, which dripped
down onto my face to join my tears. I continued to delicately tease the flexing
clitoral shaft the whole time that she came. My heart pounded with happiness at
having given this cruel Dominatrix so much pleasure, and soared to new levels of
rapture when she dropped her hips slightly, and ground her flowing font into my
face and allowed me to suck her flooded sex dry.

As soon as the Mistress climaxed I drove my hips forward for the last time, and
held them steady with the needle fully buried in my suffering cunt slug while
her orgasm ran its full course. I only allowed my hips to drop back down, and my
body to hang, after my devoted mouth had sucked up every drop of the Domatrix's
sexual elixir, and she had removed her crotch from my face.

It took both of us a few minutes to recover, the Mistress from the sheer
intensity of her orgasm, and me from my horrendous suffering. The needles that
held the base of my now limp cunt cock were quickly withdrawn, and my bonds
removed. When I was once again kneeling at the Mistress's feet, kissing her toes
in complete submission, the sheer horror of my ordeal finally hit me. I was in
masochistic heaven, and prayed that I would be called upon to serve this
Mistress, in this way, again soon.

The Mistress, after receiving my submission, took her cloak from one of her own
slaves, and quickly donned it. She gazed down at me with tenderness, and said,
"My sluts could learn a lot from you, sweet bitch! I look forward to the next
time we meet, but now it's time for us to go." With that she, and her slaves,
left the room. Almost as soon as they had left, two of Mistress's older female
slaves swept into the room. It became obvious that Mistress had been monitoring
my performance. One of them cradled my head and shoulders against her soft tits,
while the other tenderly treated my mangled cunt and twat slug, treating them
with soothing balms, and healing creams.

A few minutes later Mistress entered the room. "I'm so pleased with you, little
bitch!" She declared, and swept her long leather skirt aside to bare her
glorious bottom. She straddled my face and allowed me to slip it into the warm,
fleshy chasm between those gorgeous mounds. I pressed my lips to her sacred anal
ring and kissed and licked it devotedly. "Oh, yes!" She sighed, "I'm so pleased
that I shall give you a reward." She breathed, then moved her hips forward, and
allowed me to bury my adoring face into the hot, moist folds of her divine sex.

"Suck, little bitch!" She sighed. "Suck to your heart's content. You deserve to
be the slave to drain my font dry after your delightful performance today!" I
basked in the joy that flooded my soul at being so praised by my stunning owner,
and I sucked the sweet juices from her divine pussy in utter happiness. Mistress
allowed me to suck her for the entire time that it took the slave to treat my
own battered cunt, and I enjoyed every second of it. She came and came,
obviously extremely aroused by what had befallen me. I just reveled in the
submissive rapture of a masochist who had suffered so horendously, for her
Mistress's gratification, and was receiving her just, and well earned reward.




Chapter 8 - A slave in prison - John's story

My first visit to the penal island was an event that I didn't know whether to
look forward to, or to dread. Even though I was almost exclusively forced to
serve only males sexually, I was still apprehensive about being used by so many,
and for such a prolonged period. When I was delivered to the island, after a
long trip by both car and boat, my fears grew and grew. The footman left me
tethered to a post on the dock in the wee small hours of the morning. I was
completely naked, my hands were cuffed behind my back, and my prick was bent
double, with its head locked by its ring to the one behind my balls, my normal
form of enforced chastity. I flushed with shame when the keys to my bondage were
hung from my right nipple ring, and an envelope to the King of the island was
clipped to my left nipple ring.

My heart jumped in fright when I saw two huge, muscular black men, dressed in
prison denim, approaching me. One of them untied my leash from the pier post,
and I was led away. Neither of the men said a word to me, or even inspected me
all that closely. I was led to a large building well back from the shore, and we
entered through large double doors. The next thing I knew, I was being prodded
into what appeared to be an ornately furnished apartment. I stood in the centre
of the room while one of the men disappeared through another door. He returned
after a few moments, and I was ushered into another room, this one well lit, and
occupied by two people. One was an enormous black male, dressed in black leather
from head to foot. His huge, muscular frame was beautifully proportioned, and
the enormous bulge between his massive leather clad thighs promised a penis of
truly monumental proportions and, despite myself, I found my mouth begin to
water with sexual longing.

Crouched at this massive male's feet was what I at first thought was a girl. It
could not be, of course, this was an exclusively male prison. On closer
inspection, however, I realised that the creature was a male. He was naked
except for sexy feminine lingerie, and I could see a set of male genitals
hanging between his legs. The boy's penis and testicles were the smallest I had
ever seen, smaller, even, than a pre teen male would normally possess. What was
even more bizarre was the set of full firm breasts that jutted out from his
upper torso. His hair was long and blond, and worn loose around his shoulders,
and his face was painted like a woman's.

I realised immediately, of course, that this creature must be one of the prison
bitches who had been hormonally feminised. The massive male dismissed the two
men who had brought me to him, then went about inspecting my trembling nudity.
"A fine specimen, don't you think, Trudy?" He commented to his feminised
companion, then, after unclipping both the keys and the note from my teat rings,
threw the keys down to the pretty boy still crouched at his feet, and suggested,
"Why don't you remove his bonds while I'm reading the Master's note, little
slut, then get him stiff so I can see what he has to offer."

The male, who I was to find out was the King of the island, then opened the note
and began to read. While he was thus engaged the creature quickly removed the
cuffs from my wrists then, crouching between my thighs, which I spread to
accommodate him, reached in and freed my cock. The thick stem flopped down from
my crotch, and the transsexual sighed with sexual excitement at the sight of it.
He grasped the thick shaft and began to slowly wank it, licking at its flaring
head with his soft tongue at the same time. In almost no time at all the sexy
creature had me stiff and throbbing. "Oh, Lord, he has a fabulous prong!" The
little transsexual cried, then he continued to tease and stimulate me while the
King finished reading the note, then he moved aside so that the King had an
uninterrupted view of my aroused sexuality.

"Lovely, just lovely, pig. The sight of that prick will have every bitch on the
island drooling!" He commented. "I hope you know how to use it." I blushed in
shame at his demeaning comments, but my blood was racing with submissive
excitement. I was further aroused, and shamed, when he asked me if I liked his
bitch, Trudy, and didn't I think he was pretty. I gasped out an affirmative
reply, not being used of course, to responding with anything other than the few
phrases I was permitted to use at the chateau. "Would you like to suck her
pretty little cunt, pig?" He asked, and before I could reply, he continued, "It
will serve to test your mouth's capacity to give pleasure, little piggy, and if
you manage to get her off she'll be so pleased that she'll beg me to make you
fuck her for my visual pleasure, won't you, you little slut?" He asked the
transsexual with a mocking grin.

The pretty little transsexual grinned lasciviously up at the King, and panting
with lust, replied, "Anyone with a prong as gorgeous as his must be able to suck
like an angel, I'm sure my lord!" Then, turning to me, he almost seemed to beg,
"You'll suck my cunt like it's never been sucked before, won't you, harlot!
You'll make me come, so you can fuck me for my King's pleasure, won't you?" I
smiled at the feminised boy with my own lust growing, and my stiff cock aching
with pleasure, and answered him, taking my cue from the King, and referring to
him in the female gender, "Oh, yes, Miss, I will suck your beautiful cunt with
all the passion I possess. I yearn to make you come!"

The King tired of our banter, even though from his expression, he was delighted
by our lewd exchange, and snapped with mock severity, "Well, get on with it! We
haven't got all day!" The transsexual, when he saw his Lord sit down on an
ornate throne like chair, moved over to him, and half laid between his wide
spread thighs, then spread his own slim legs wide, to completely bare his
smoothly shaven crotch to me. The King then unpopped a series of studs in his
own groin area, and the leather pouch that had hidden his own sexuality dropped
away revealing his massive penis and enormous testicles. I gazed at his semi
erect penis with almost painful yearning. It was at least as large as those
possessed by the chateau's male sluts.

The King allowed his bitch to rest his head on one of his mighty leather clad
thighs, so that the bitch could get his mouth to that fabulous log of male
sexuality, while I knelt between his wide spread legs. I wrenched my gaze away
from that magnificent black penis, just as the bitch's soft tongue lapped wetly
over its big juicy head, a surge of sheer envy washing over me and making my
cheeks flushing hotly. I dove my face down into the smooth crotch of the little
bitch and spread the plump cheeks of his arse open, baring his arse ring. With a
sigh of delight, I pressed my lips to that pungent little orifice, and speared
it with my agile tongue. I drove my long tongue deeply into the hot, spicy arse
pit, and lashed its writhing walls with feral passion.

"Oh, my Lord!" Trudy gasped, "The whore has driven his tongue up my hot little
cunt! I've never had a tongue so far up my cunt in my life. He's gone far deeper
than any bitch on the island ever has! I can almost feel its tip tickling my
tonsils! Lord, it feels so goooood! Sooooo gooood!" The transsexual squealed out
in sheer delight. I kept my eyes fixed on the limp little tube of the
transsexual's minuscule penis while my tongue lewdly washed out his hot arse
pit. It took a few minutes, but eventually I saw some movement in the tiny
prick. It twitched and, almost imperceptibly, began to swell just a little. It
was time to capitalise on what I had achieved so far.

I withdrew my tongue from the clutching arse ring of the young feminised boy,
and allowed my drooling mouth enclose his cock and balls completely. I sucked on
the soft prong with absolute passion, squeezing the tube, and the tiny head with
my soft tongue over and over, then lapping it insistently, and erotically. I
worked my mouth and tongue with single minded devotion. All the while I stared
up at the King's face, my eyes radiating with lewd depravity for his amusement.
Trudy's tiny shrieks of contentment soon became squeals of delight at the
exquisite sensations my submissive tongue was visiting on his quite
dysfunctional male sexuality.

"Oh, my King!" The pleasure filled bitch shrieked, lifting his head from the
King's almost fully erect penis, "The whore is sucking my clit like it's never
been sucked before. His mouth and tongue are so good! So clever! So divinely
sexy!" Then he dropped his head back down and engulfed the head of the King's
enormous penis completely in his stretched open mouth. I sucked and sucked, and
was rewarded by the tiny penis stiffening, slowly, but, never the less, surely.
I renewed the passion with which I sucked when I realised that I might actually
get the minuscule cock fully erect. My heart pounded with obscene lust. I
wallowed in the humiliation that filled me at the sheer perversity of my
actions. My heart soared with undiluted joy when, finally, the diminutive cock
was fully erect, and stood proudly, as stiff as steel in the transsexual's
crotch.

With sensations of sheer pride at my achievement washing over me, I allowed the
tiny prick to escape the hot wet confines of my mouth. While staring up at the
King with triumph in my eyes, I teased the length of the little cock, from its
base to its tip with the tip of my tongue, proudly showing off the stiffness my
talented tongue had aroused. My tongue lapped and flicked at the stiff little
prong, driving the transsexual towards unimaginable orgasm. I wallowed in my
triumph, pride filling my being. I would taste this creature's prick juice, and
would probably be the first, and only one to do so since he had been
transformed.

The tiny prick began to jerk and pulse under the relentless teasing of my
flicking tongue. I ensured that I gave the King an uninterrupted view of my
lascivious actions, and noted that his eyes were no longer staring mockingly
into my own, but were now fixed firmly on his bitch's cock, and were also
displaying wonder at what he was seeing. I smiled inwardly at this reaction, and
my own achingly hard stalk pulsed with the intensity of my burgeoning submissive
delight.

Trudy sucked on the King's huge prick head with unrestrained passion, mewled in
utter ecstasy when he climaxed. My tongue eagerly captured the tiny spurts of
creamy sex juice that gushed from the tip of his diminutive cock. His cock juice
tasted as sweet as ambrosia and, although he had precious little to surrender, I
surged with pleasure while I savoured the ambiance of the flow in my mouth
before drinking it down. My tongue teased the little pole of lust the whole time
that it gushed, my heart busting with pride at having caused it to do so. The
King expressed his utter amazement at the sight of his bitch coming. He, too,
thought that the days of such an event were over for the transsexual.

"By God, harlot!" He cried, "You must have the most talented mouth on earth. I
would have sworn that Trudy's little clit had spat for the last time months ago.
Amazing! Just amazing!" Before he could go on he was interrupted by his bitch,
just as I engulfed his rapidly softening little prick into my mouth, and sucked
for every last drop of the sweet elixir it had to surrender, "My Lord! My Lord!
Please let the marvelous whore fuck me! Please, my Lord! Surely his lewd,
lascivious mouth has pleased you! Please have him fuck my hot, aching little
cunt for you!" Trudy begged plaintively while I continued to suck passionately
on his now soft little cock, and tiny empty nuts.

"Fuck the little bitch, harlot! Fuck her deep! Fuck her hard! Fuck her until she
can't walk straight!" The King cried commandingly. I reacted to this with sheer
delight. It was so long since I had fucked an arsehole, that I had almost
forgotten just how pleasurable it was to feel a hot tight arse pit clutching at
my cock. I raised my face from the transsexual's sated prick, grabbed his ankles
in each hand, dragged his body back from his King's lap, pulling his mewling,
protesting mouth off the King's now strongly erect penis, and bent his shapely
legs back along his prone body. I reared up my own body and, with a squeal of
delight, drove my own pulsating prick through his hot, tight little arse ring,
and into the depths of his elastic arse pit in one full stroke, burying it to
the hilt.

I was mildly surprised at the ease with which my prick went in, then realised
that this creature was the King's personal bitch, so his arsehole was accustomed
to being reamed out by his monster penis, and mine, even though large, was no
match for the King's marvelous specimen. The bitch drew my face down to his, and
glued his lips to mine in a searing kiss. While our tongues dueled wetly, he
drove his round bottom up to meet each of  my long full strokes. I pumped the
bitch slowly, his plump tits crushed into my chest, and gave him a taste of his
own sweet cock juice while our tongues entwined, while I delighted in the sheer
obscenity of my situation.

Suddenly the King grabbed a handful of my hair and dragged my head up until my
gaping mouth was a mere inch away from the juicy head of his fabulous, throbbing
penis. My eyes widened in wonder, and utter joy at the sight of his magnificent
penis, and my nose was filled with its manly aroma. "Suck on this, harlot!" The
King sighed, "Suck on this while you fuck my little bitch's brains out! I have
to feel the hot tongue that managed to bring the lewd bitch off! I have to!"

I leant forward, and kissed the spongy meat of the head of the King's wonderful,
manly penis with true love and devotion. I would give this man a sucking that he
would not soon forget, but more importantly from my point of view, a sucking
that would have him craving for more. I opened my mouth wide, and swallowed the
juicy penis head, thrilling to the rich flavour of the pre-cum seeping from its
dilated slit. Then I slowly began to consume the stalk of lust. My lips crept
slowly down its throbbing length and I swallowed and gulped wildly while its
massive span filled my mouth and throat to almost tearing point. My breath
became ragged, and I began to question whether I would be able to completely
swallow the huge slab, but this thought only spurred me on to even greater
efforts. I would not fail in my self appointed task. I would take it all in! I
had to! I longed to!

Stars of pleasure exploded in my fevered brain when my nose was finally pressed
firmly into the forest of crinkley hair at the base of the King's fabulous
penis, and its entire, throbbing length was buried in my madly convulsing mouth.
I stilled my mouth for as long as I could, and basked in the delicious obscenity
of my situation, before the need to draw breath overcame me,. My mouth and
throat filled to absolute capacity with hot, throbbing, black penis, while my
own achingly rigid lust stalk plunged back and forth, with sensuous slowness, in
a equally hot, tight arsehole. This was surely heaven for a submissive whore
like myself.

Little Trudy rolled and thrust his plump, round bottom up to meet each stroke of
my cock in his churning arse pit like a harlot, and I slowly plunged my mouth up
and down on the King's fabulous penis in perfect time. "By the stars of
whoredom, you lewd harlot!" The King cried in passionate excitement. "You have
the mouth of an angel! You suck like the hottest whore in history! No one has
ever taken my full length! It is impossible! But you, depraved bitch, have
achieved the impossible! My joint feels like it's being consumed by a pleasure
machine! The Master has instructed that you be contained to three spittings a
day at the maximum, lascivious bitch. And you can have one of them now! When I
feed your deliciously obscene mouth my load, you may flood my little Trudy's
wallowing arsehole! Fill the horny bitch to the brim!"

A surge of sheer happiness flooded me at the King's announcement. Knowing the
Master's sadistic nature, I had already steeled myself to a week of sexual
excess, despite which I would be probably denied any relief at all. I plunged my
pulsating prick in and out of Trudy's clenching arsehole with ever increasing
velocity, and my mouth sucked passionately at the King's rapidly peaking penis
while, at the same time, I fucked it passionately with my adoring throat. The
King began to cry out his pleasure as his orgasm began to build to the
inevitable explosion.

A roar of triumph was ripped from his gaping mouth when the first powerful spurt
of his rich creamy penis elixir splashed profusely into the back of my wildly
gulping throat. I was overwhelmed with the flavour of male sexuality, helplessly
basking in my lewd obscenity. I sucked on the spurting head of the King's
ejaculating penis in utter rapture. Then my own pleasure filled cock exploded in
the hot confines of Trudy's elastic arse pit. I gulped down an ocean of
gloriously delicious male cum while my gushing prick flooded Trudy. I lost
myself in my joy and elation while time seemed to stand still, and wave after
wave of perfect ecstasy completely consumed me. When the King's climax began to
wane I don't know how I managed it, but my lips plunged back down on his
softening pole of lust, and I milked the beautiful penis for every last drop of
its exquisite essence.

Trudy's hot arsehole also milked me completely dry, and my tight, smooth balls
softened slightly after the force of my climax had emptied them. Finally my
mouth merely suckled tenderly on the thick head of the King's spent penis, and I
wallowed in the divine sensations of his bitch's arse ring squeezing my own
sated cock, which, incidentally, had hardly softened at all despite the power of
my orgasm.

The King stood up, removing his cock from my mouth and leered down at us. "You
depraved harlots," He sighed happily. "It's time to introduce the debauched
harlot to the population, so that they too can sample his perverted talents.
Take him away, Trudy, clean him up, then dress him in his bitch's costume. When
you're ready bring him back to me, and we'll be on our way."

Trudy took me to a bathroom and quickly washed my nudity. By this time my cock
had softened, and he efficiently cleaned it after its visitation into his hot
arse. When he was satisfied he equally quickly cleaned his own body. Then he
placed a lacy garter belt around my hips, and smoothed pink silk stockings up my
legs. I thrilled to the sensual feel of the material on my skin while Trudy
clipped the garters to the tops of the stockings. A pair of high heeled shoes
were strapped to my feet, and Trudy giggled while he watched me teetering
around, trying to get used to walking in the ridiculous shoes. He then made up
my face with subtle professionalism, transforming it from openly masculine,  to
almost sensual femininity. I blushed with delicious shame at the transformation
he managed in my appearance, but after all, I was a whore, and it was only right
and proper that I should also look like one.

We returned to the King's chamber and, after expressing delight at my
appearance, he led us off. We entered a large communal room, obviously the
prison's mess hall, and I was deposited on a small stage at the top end of the
room, and displayed to the hundreds of men seated at the tables, eating their
breakfast. In the short time that it took for the King to set himself up before
a microphone I was able to survey the room. Many of the men were dressed in
standard prison denim, and many were dressed as females. It appeared that the
majority, but by no means all, of the denim clad men were black, while the
opposite was the case with the ones in drag. Some of the men in female clothing
were obviously undergoing hormone treatment, although, from what I could see,
none of them were as advanced as Trudy. Others in feminine attire were quite
obviously completely male in every other respect.

I stood in the centre of the stage, my legs slightly parted, and my hips, almost 
imperceptibly shimmying. My long thick prick swaying to and fro, ever so
subtlety, framed so sexily by pink silk and satin. The complete attention of all
the prisoners was now firmly fixed on the stage, and the King began to make his
announcements.

"Let me introduce this whore, supplied so kindly by the Master." He began, "As
could be expected, a harlot trained by the Master is likely to be completely
depraved, and wonderfully eager to please. I can assure you, my people, from
personal experience, this is true. To give you some idea of the harlot's supreme
talents, he has already managed to bring the Trudy bitch off with his mouth. I
had thought that this was now impossible for my little bitch, but the whore
managed it beautifully. So, my friends, the bitches among you who have chosen to
follow Trudy's example, and transform yourselves into femmes, will be in for a
treat, should your betters allow you to receive the attentions of the harlot's
supremely talented mouth."

I flushed with a mixture of deep humiliation, and deliciously submissive, wanton
lust while the King spoke to the multitude. I found my hips rutting and rolling
with increasing depravity. My own inherently lecherous nature was taking over
and, while my cheeks still burned with the flood of humiliation that swept
through me, my long thick cock stiffened and swelled until it was fully erect,
and arched out lewdly from my smooth crotch. I had no more hope of controlling
my prick's lewd reaction to my degrading circumstances, than of flying to the
moon. It was my nature to flaunt my lewd obscenity whenever I was the chance to.

The King, noting the wanton reaction in me to my shame, and the sheer depravity
of my circumstances, chuckled gleefully, "Just look at the bitch's perverted
display. He can't wait to get his mouth around a hot cock. He can't wait to have
his whore arse speared with stiff prick! And he'll soon get his wish. The Master
has permitted us to punish the whore should he not completely please us with his
obscene service. I don't, however, think this will become a necessity, given my
brief experience of his wanton perversity, not to mention utterly wonderful
skill at his job. I suppose, perhaps, that he might flag with exhaustion at some
stage. We shall see."

My mind was filled with conflicting emotions. My stiff, throbbing prick swaying
lewdly from my now lasciviously rolling belly, while I wrestled with my
submissive senses. I was caught in an impenetrative quandary. I yearned to be
punished! I didn't think that I could live for a whole week without being
punished! But I could never even contemplate deliberately lowering the standards
with which I would work for the prisoners' pleasure. I could not even conceive
that I might display anything less than complete and utter depravity in my
sexual service. I was too well trained for that to be even a slight
consideration. I would just have to take things as they came, I convinced
myself. In fact, as you will learn, I needn't have worried.

"The harlot will be installed in the theater each day, from ten in the morning,
until ten at night. He will be controlled by the Trudy bitch, who will ensure
that none of you try to monopolise his time. I don't want to hear of any
arguments in this respect. You will defer to my bitch, as if it were I making
the decisions. Now, one last thing, the Master has instructed that the whore
only be permitted to empty his nuts three times a day. In view of this I think
that we must make some of those events  a spectacle, so that all can enjoy the
sight. Trudy bitch is charged with dreaming up suitable scenarios for these
spectaculars."

The King concluded his announcement by instructing Trudy to take me to the
theatre. He led me from the stage, my achingly erect prick swaying obscenely out
from my mincing groin, much to the amusement of the dining prisoners, and, of
course, to my extreme embarrassment. Trudy led me down a long hallway to another
set of double doors. He pulled these doors open and urged me into the theatre.
It was not a theatre in the normal sense, only in that, instead of rows of seats
the large viewing area was populated with couches and settees, and all of these
seemed to be upholstered in a rubber like material.

Trudy led me to one of the couches near the theatre's large stage, and drew me
down onto its smooth surface. He reached down and squeezed my throbbing prick,
and sighed, "Aren't you the hot one, whore? It was so deliciously wanton when
this lovely hot prick got stiff while you were on the stage." He cried, stroking
my cock tenderly. "What are you looking forward to most, darling harlot, all the
cocks you'll be sucking? All the cocks that will fuck you? All the arseholes
you'll be allowed to fuck? Or is it the mouths that might suck you?" He asked
with a grin. All I could do was to tell the pretty transsexual that I wanted it
all, and would not enjoy any one, more than the others, just so long as they
kept coming.

"You'll bring off all the femme sluts, won't you, darling whore?" Trudy begged.
"I've promised all I've spoken to that you will, and you will, won't you?" I
told him that I would, but I wanted to bring him off more than anything else. I
flushed with happiness when the little bitch informed me, with a chuckle of
delight, that the King had promised him the third orgasm of my allowable three
each day, and that he was going to suck it from me in bed each night after the
day's activities. I responded by telling him that I would also suck him off as
well each night. Trudy further raised my lust and yearning when he told me that
my first climax would nearly always be extracted by his hot little arsehole each
morning, for the amusement of the King.

My real surprise came, however, when Trudy informed me that the King had told
him that he too, was going to suck me off. He explained that the King rarely
sucked cock, and that I should feel deeply honoured. He explained that the last
cock he had ever heard of the King sucking off was, in fact, his own, and this
had happened when Trudy informed her royal lover that he wished to be feminised,
so that he could serve him sexually with more passion and submission, as a
female slut.

We talked on until the doors opened, and a bevy of prisoners wandered into the
theatre. Almost before I knew it my mouth was sucking at the tiny penis of a
transsexual, and a hot cock was sawing in and out of my pleasure filled arse
pit. I worked on the soft penis with all of my talents, and soon had it stiff
and hot, and the small titted bitch was squealing with pleasure. The massive
cock poured its juices into my welcoming arse pit while the little penis
surrendered its succulent juices to my overjoyed mouth.

A hot mouth sucked my cock passionately when another drove past my lips and
buried its drooling head down my gulping throat. I sucked, and was sucked until
this cock poured its cream into my adoring mouth. On and on it went. I was
passed from group to group, and served them all with joy and happiness. Each
time my arse pit became too sloppy Trudy supervised its cleansing, generally by
the eager mouth of a femme slut. I was lost in my wanton lust, consumed by my
lascivious excess. I fucked cocks with all the passion of a born harlot, sucked
stiff, hot penis with utter joy, and drank gallons of creamy, aromatic cock
cream, relishing every drop.

At one point, while I was being fucked by a large black man, whose white bitch,
not a femme, was passionately sucking my throbbing prick, another huge black man
mounted the stage, dragging a naked white femme slut with quite large tits
already evident on his slender chest along with him. He stood in the centre of
the stage and positioned the white femme so that his rounded arse faced the
crowd. The man then began to spank the femme's arse cheeks as hard as he could.
The femme cried out in pain and sobbed to her tormentor for mercy. This only
seemed to urge the man to even more cruel spanking, and his open hand was making
loud cracks each time it pounded into the reddened flesh.

"Do you like to have your little arse spanked, harlot?" The man fucking me asked
as he drove his long, thick, hot penis into my arse pit to the hilt, and his
thighs slapped into my bottom cheeks softly. "No, Sir!" I panted in my wanton
pleasure. "I don't like to have my arse spanked. I love to have it savagely, and
mercilessly whipped, Sir! Would it please you to whip my arse, Sir! Please, sir!
Please, Sir! Whip my arse hard with a heavy belt, if that would give you
pleasure. I would love to suffer at your hands, Sir!"

My lewd, and utterly submissive pleading soon had the man emptying his balls
into my churning arse, and his bitch sucking me so passionately that I had to
concentrate hard to prevent my prick from spitting into his hot mouth. The man
pulled his sated cock from my arse, and called to Trudy. He explained to the
beautiful transsexual that he would like to whip my bottom, and that, not only
had I agreed to this, but I had actually begged him to do it. Trudy was a little
skeptical, however, not knowing my masochistic urges. He looked to me to confirm
what he had just been told.

"Would you really like to be whipped, sweet harlot?" He asked incredulously.
"Oh, yes! Darling Trudy!" I gasped my excitement obvious in my pleading voice.
"I would adore it if you would permit this gorgeous strong man to whip my arse
to shreds. Please, sweet Trudy, let him whip me! Let him!" I begged with heart
tugging fervour. "I can't believe that you really want this." Trudy rejoined,
then continued, "But I will permit it, just to spite you, and to teach you a
lesson." He thought for a few seconds, "It's almost time to have you brought
off, little whore, so this can serve as the entree, so to speak!"

I had to convince the pretty little transsexual that I really did want to be
whipped. He had to be made to understand what exquisite pleasure I derived from
my pain, if I was to be able to continue to receive at least a little punishment
each day. I knelt before the delicious creature, and kissed his feet in utter
submission, then begged, "Do you have a cock softener, Miss Trudy?" She replied
that she thought that there was one about somewhere, and ordered one of the
other femmes to go and find it, and to bring the punishment strap, while he was
about it.

It took the femme a few minutes to return with the two instruments, and I used
this time to try to further convince Trudy that he was really acceding to my
fervently felt desire, and not punishing me unnecessarily. I don't know whether
I succeeded or not, but I can promise that after the event he certainly was
convinced. My heart was pounding with eager anticipation, and my masochistic
juices were beginning to run hot while I buried my face in his crotch and sucked
passionately on his soft little penis, sucking at it with such enthusiastic
emotion that he must surely realise that I yearned for the whipping I had
pleaded for with all my heart.

Suddenly my kneeling body jumped with shock. The freezing rod of the cock
softener touched my hot hard prick, and was run up and down its length firmly.
My aching prick reacted to the freezing rod by collapsing almost immediately. I
dragged my face from Trudy's delightful crotch when the femme wielding the rod
stopped as soon as he had seen my prick go limp, and pleaded helplessly, "Sweet
Miss!" I cried, "Don't stop! Don't stop! My prick must be rendered utterly limp
and soft. And my nuts too, treat the fat nuts with the rod. Make them soft and
slack as well!"

The transsexual re-applied the rod to my hanging cock shaft, and ran it over and
around my balls as well, giggling while watching my freezing cock get softer and
softer, and my balls to seem to shrivel up. When I was satisfied that my cock
and balls could not get any softer I called for the femme to stop, and stood up,
my prick and nuts hanging slackly from between my thighs. Trudy gazed in awe at
my crotch, and I could see the consternation on his face. He obviously enjoyed
looking at me when completely aroused, and was not too happy to see me in this
state. Or perhaps he was psyching himself up to punish me, for not being stiff
and proud in his presence, at least that was  my opinion.

While, Trudy, and the huge black man who was going to whip me, and I mounted the
stage the word had obviously been spread around the prison concerning what was
about to happen, and many new prisoners were seen to be filling the theatre. I
got my first look at the punishment strap, and my pulse raced with fear, and
masochistic delight. The strap was six feet long with a grip at one end. It was
made of thick, but flexible leather, about a half an inch thick, and two inches
wide, and looked utterly brutal. I shivered with submissive lust, dreaming of
the beautiful pain that it would surely bring me.

Once on the stage I turned away from the growing audience, spread my legs wide,
leant my torso down low, and braced myself with my hands on the floor. This
presented my bare bottom as the highest point of my body. My utterly softened
prick and nuts hung loosely down from my splayed open fork. I peered from
between my legs at the sea of faces watching me expectantly, and flushed with
submissive pride. My pain and punishment was once again the subject of
entertainment. I loved it! Loved it so!

I glanced up at the huge black man casually swinging the brutal strap about. He
grinned down at his defenseless target with sadistic glee, obviously looking
forward to pounding the submissive flesh with the cruel strap. "Please, Sir!
Please, Sir!" I begged passionately, "Thrash my wanton arse slabs savagely! Make
the lewd mounds throb with pain! Beat my lascivious bottom hard! Please, Sir!
Please, Sir!" I pleaded with almost unearthly yearning. I needed to suffer! I
had been granted sexual excess without bounds, and I needed to feel the pain to
balance my lewd wanton depravity with the sheer masochistic nature of my
character. It was not right to be allowed so much pleasure, with so little pain
and suffering.

The massive man swung the brutal strap up, and brought it down, with a loud
crack, onto my swaying arse slabs. I let out a muted yelp as the fire of the
stroke spread across my firm meat. He quickly brought it down again, and I
wallowed in a fresh surge of burning pain. But it was not enough, so I decided
to goad the man administering the whipping. I cried out derisively, "It that the
best you can do, Sir! I've been whipped harder by girls! What are you, a wimp or
something!"

The huge man roared in anger, and his eyes blazed with rage. I was questioning
his manhood in front of his colleagues, and he would make me pay. He gripped the
whip handle in both hands and brought the strap down on my arse with such force
that my body actually jumped in the air, and the pain that assailed my tormented
bottom was truly awesome. I squealed in anguish when the following stroke was
delivered with even more power. I sobbed out my gratitude, "Thank you, Sir!
Thank you, Sir! Whip harder, Sir! Whip harder!"

The cruel man certainly answered my pleas with even more savage whipping, and
tears of pain and anguish were soon pouring from my eyes, complimented by a
constant stream of squeals being ripped from my gaping throat. The audience
watched me being savagely punished in almost complete silence. But it was not
only the erotic sight of a pair of up thrust arse slabs being brutally beaten
that was demanding their attention, but also what was happening between my
spread legs. Almost from the first stroke of the belt my prick had begun to
swell. By the time that the man had been goaded into really belting my pain
soaked cheeks, it had visibly grown, and now that my squeals were of real pain
and suffering,  my prick was again fully erect, and throbbed wildly between my
shuddering thighs. My swollen nuts were also once again tight and full, and
stood out from the base of my rigid stem.

The cruel, and still enraged man whipped and whipped, until my arse slabs were
deep red in colour, and were becoming badly welted. Trudy finally called a halt
to my punishment, much to my chagrin, for I was just about to plead with the man
to change his target from my wealed arse cheeks, to my bulging balls. But, on
reflection, it was probably just as well, for I didn't know what the
transsexual's reaction to this might have been, but it would have probably been
too much for him, and broken the spell of affection that had grown up between
us.

I remained in my position after the whipping ended, reveling in the burning ache
in my arse, and the throbbing ecstasy of my fabulously stimulated cock. I waved
both erotically for the benefit of the audience who were now buzzing with
excitement at what they had just witnessed. Trudy was busy organising the men
she had chosen to assist in my sexual release. He had had a low slung chair, of
the laylo type, brought up onto the stage. One of the two denim clad males was
instructed to recline, on his back on this chair. The male was already pantless,
and when he lay down his long thick penis arched up from his crotch. I was then
led over to him and Trudy assisted me to lay down on top of him, on my back. He
guided my arsehole to the penis, tenderly petting my red, welted bottom cheeks
at the same time. I sighed with delight when the hot, fat head of the stiff
penis forced its way past my tight arse ring, and its throbbing length sank
deeply into my welcoming arse pit.

Looking out into the theatre, while savouring the delicious sensation of a penis
filling me so beautifully, I noted that the prisoner who had whipped me so
deliciously cruelly sat with his bitch kneeling between his wide flung thighs.
His hands were entangled in the bitch's long hair, and he was driving his
enormous, erect penis in and out of his bitch's mouth with long full strokes. I
sighed happily. Any man who whips arse so savagely deserves to have his penis
passionately sucked for him. I only wished that it was my mouth that he was
using, and not that of his bitch.

A pair of ebony thighs then completely captured my attention as they were swung
over my upturned face, and my wide, excited eyes were greeted by the gorgeous
sight of a lovely thick, stiff penis being brought into range of my mouth. I
couldn't stop myself, and reared my head up so that I could press my lips to the
satiny skin of the head of the penis. "Don't be so greedy, whore!" Trudy snapped
quite angrily. "Control your obscene lust, until I tell you you can go!" The
penis was raised slightly, so that I could no longer get at it.

While he was arranging the three bitches, Trudy also called for two more
prisoners to join us. There was a rush to comply, but he only accepted two who
had already removed their pants, and sported nice stiff erections. Trudy
arranged for two of the bitches, the femme ones, to kneel on either side of my
prone body. The third, a male in girl's clothing, knelt between my, and the man
whose penis was buried up my arse's, thighs. He then gave them explicit
instructions as to their duties. Instructions that had my own pulsing prick
stalk throbbing with eager anticipation. The final two men were instructed to
kneel on either side of me, but much closer to my head.

Trudy appeared to be ready and, after guiding each of my hands to one of the
kneeling males' stiff, hot cocks, announced, "Our well punished little harlot
will now receive his reward. He will display the rutting obscenity of his
spitting prick to us for our entertainment. Regardless of the teasing that the
bitches at his crotch inflict he will not allow his cock to spurt until his
whore arsehole has managed to milk a load from the cock buried up it. It should
be entertaining, and will certainly test the talents of his whore man cunt. You
may now begin!"

Poor, naive Trudy. Still annoyed at me forcing him to have me whipped, and
thinking that he would make me pay! I suppose, of course, by not having a cock
big enough to experience the skills of my superbly trained arse pit, he could
not know that I would have to control its ardor, so that I could even properly
enjoy the rest of the activities that he had designed to bring me off. I sighed
with happiness when the lovely penis poised above my face was once again brought
into the range of me eager mouth. I swallowed a third of the hot hard meat, and
sucked on its throbbing head with measured passion, savouring the rich flavour
of aroused male sexuality.

The muscles of my stretched, packed arse pit squeezed its erotic invader with
consummate skill, but not enough passion to excite it to explosion too quickly.
Then my cock and balls erupted with divine pleasure. A hot, wet tongue began to
wash over my swollen balls, and two others began to flick up and down the length
of my pulsating prick with delightfully sensual efficiency. I tugged softly at
the erections in each of my hands, and settled down to enjoy the depraved sexual
overload that I was being so lasciviously subjected to.

How deliciously debauched it was. To be so dominated by strong male sexuality. A
stiff hot cock for your arse pit to pleasure, another buried in your mouth
feeding you with its tasty flavours, and two more for you to caress and stroke
in your hands. And all the while, three soft wet tongues teasing and stimulating
your own stiff, throbbing stalk, and hot, sap filled balls. Oh what joy! What
utterly divine obscenity. And to have it all be witnessed by a crowd of other
males. I was in sexual heaven.

I worked my arse pit with slow, erotic skill for ages, before the sheer desire
to pleasure the penis became too much for me. The cock in my mouth had swelled,
and was throbbing wildly, so I knew that it was about to explode, and I wanted
all the pricks I served to erupt as close to the same time as possible, so I
began to work my skilled arse with all the passion at my disposal. The throbbing
penis buried in it soon exploded, and filled my churning chute with a veritable
ocean of creamy cock juice.

The prick buried in my sucking mouth bathed my gulping throat with scrumptious
prick cream, and the two in my hands jerked wildly, and spat copious quantities
of cum onto the floor below them. Then my own orgasm erupted! Stream after
stream of cock elixir gushed from the flared tip of my spasming prick. The
bitches fought with each other to drink my offering. Their mouths, in turn,
covered my pleasure soaked cock head, in time to receive a powerful spurt of its
aromatic cream.

My orgasm lasted for ages, and I completely lost myself in the ecstasy of it. My
aching nuts were milked completely dry by the eager bitches, and my own mouth,
hands, and arsehole worked to totally drain each cock that they served. After a
minute or so of complete sexual frenzy it was over. The well drained penis
slipped from my mouth, and the two my hands had milked were withdrawn. The three
bitches, after sucking up ever drop I had to surrender, moved, reluctantly away,
and finally the softened pole that my talented arse crater had emptied oozed
from that sated orifice, and I was pulled to my feet.

Trudy smiled at my sated nudity slowly, his earlier annoyance now a thing of the
past. He was actually much more interested to see that my prick had hardly
softened at all despite the strength of my climax. Pleased, I'm sure, that I was
saving some for him. A quickly blinking of the lights in the theatre signaled
that it was time for all to retire to their cells. Trudy dragged me off to her
cell, well hardly a cell in the normal sense of the word, more like a hotel
room, or more accurately, a hotel suite.

We quickly showered and were soon in a passionate embrace in Trudy's big bed,
our nude bodies pressed closely together with Trudy's lovely big tits squashed
against my chest. Trudy eventually broke our soul searing kiss and, reaching
down between our bodies, grasped the hot hard stem of my aching prick and
squeezed it tenderly while whispering in my ear, "Why, sweet whore? Why  did you
make me let that man whip your darling arse so hard?" I sighed contentedly, and
explained it all to the lovely transsexual, while her other hand caressed my
slightly welted, and still quite heated arse mounds.

"I might be the hottest, most debauched harlot ever, Darling Trudy bitch," I
whispered, "But above all, and first and foremost, I am Master's slave. And
slaves, sweet Trudy, exist to be punished. Slaves must be punished! Slaves adore
being punished!" I explained, my hard cock pulsing at the memory of my
suffering, then continued, "Not only am I the most depraved whore immaginable,
but I am also the most submissive, servile slave ever seen. I live to suffer.
Master has reduced me to a pain adoring chattel, and I love it! I adore it! I
can't live without it! And now, darling Trudy bitch," I breathed, reaching down
and cupping his tiny penis, and minuscule balls in my hand, "I'm going to suck
your delicious little cunt until you squeal, in pleasure, just to express my
gratitude to you for having me so gorgeously, and beautifully punished!"

I rolled onto my back, grasped Trudy around his tiny waist and dragged his
wriggling nudity on top of me, then turned his body until his smooth crotch was
immediately in front of, and above my face. In the dim light of the room I
stared at his tiny penis and balls, nestled so erotically between his slender,
feminine thighs. I sighed happily as I closed my hot wet mouth over the
miniature set. I allowed the tip of my tongue to tease the limp little tube of
the transsexual's penis languidly. I intended to draw out his pleasure slowly
and sensuously, to prolong his delight for as long as I could.

A shock of delight flooded my body when his hot mouth enclosed the top third of
my own achingly stiff prick, and he sucked passionately on the flared head. The
hard tips of his rigid teats grazed against my belly while he shook his big firm
tits with pleasure while he sucked. I had to steel myself against the intensity
of the stimulation of my hot throbbing cock. I intended to feed his eager mouth
with my outpouring of juice only when he too was spurting his sweet issue into
my own adoring mouth.

It seemed like ages had past before my flicking tongue drew any response from
Trudy's shrunken penis. But it finally began to have its effect, and the soft
shaft began to stiffen. When this happened I re-doubled my efforts, and my soft,
insistent tongue stimulated the hardening pole until it was fully erect, and
throbbed wildly against my working tongue. The transsexual's reaction was
immediate. His wild sucking on my pleasure filled cock head became increasingly
more and more passionate, and I throbbed uncontrollably in his ardent mouth.

I fought gamely to control my cock, and to stop the  surges of cum that
struggled for release from my flexing balls. My tongue lashed his stiff little
penis with relentless accuracy until his muted squeals of sheer rapture heralded
the arrival of his shattering orgasm, and his creamy juice poured out into my
delighted mouth. I sighed in ecstasy when the first little gush signaled his
surrender to his pleasure, and allowed my own prick to explode in unison. Stream
after powerful stream of rich hot prick juice flooded from the tip of my
ecstatic cock, and it filled the pleasure filled transsexual's mouth to
capacity. Trudy gulped and swallowed wildly, and his hot mouth sucked with
complete frenzy until the strength of my outpouring inevitably began to ebb.

I sucked strongly on his rapidly softening little penis while Trudy drained my
balls completely, then collapsed, completely sated, on top of me, his big firm
tits squashing onto my palpitating belly. I tenderly lapped at his sated prick
and balls for a few minutes, and he kissed and lapped at my own satiated, and
now limp tube in response, while we both slowly came down from our respective
sexual highs. After a while Trudy wriggled around do that he could kiss me. He
whispered delightfully, "You suck like an angel, sweet harlot! I came so hard
that I thought that I would die from pleasure. I though I would swoon completely
while your big balls were feeding me their fabulous cum. So much rich virile
cum, my darling harlot! So much for me to drink! So much gorgeous cum! I loved
it!"

We drifted off to sleep in utter contentment in each others arms. The next
morning, after we had showered together, and were dressing in our erotic,
feminine lingerie, I suggested to Trudy that I get him stiff, so that he could
enter the King's presence in that sexy state. Trudy giggle with glee, but
expressed doubt that he could hold it for long. I replied that that didn't
really matter. It would be the mere fact that he tried that would please his
Lord. I knelt behind him, parted his firm round bottom cheeks, and plunged my
eager tongue deeply into his hot arse pit. The tip of my agile tongue quickly
located his prostate, and I stimulated it madly, my fingers efficiently
masturbating his soft little penis at the same time.

It took five minutes to get the transsexual stiff and erect, but I managed to do
it, and a flush of pleasure coursed through me. By this time, of course, my own
huge cock was as stiff as steel, and pulsed with sexual arousal. It was in this
state that we entered the King's chamber. Trudy flaunted her tiny erection with
pride as we stood before the King. He smiled ruefully down at us from his raised
throne, and commented wryly, "I see that your clit is stiff, little slut. Did
the whore suck it off for you last night?" "Oh yes, my Lord!" Trudy replied,
"The hot bitch sucked it until I squealed my pleasure, then he fed me a load of
delicious cock cream, to complete my ecstasy!"

"Good, good!" The King rejoined, "After all that is what he is here for, isn't
it." He commented while coming down from his throne. The King's eyes gleamed
with sexual excitement while he announced his pleasure for the morning. My own
blood boiled with pleasure while he informed us of his wishes. "I'm going to
fuck your hot little cunt, Trudy bitch. And the whore can suck off your sexy
clit while I'm reaming you out. At the same time, I intend to suck the harlot's
cock until he feeds me a load of that cock juice that you seem to love so much.
You may assist me by sucking the whore's man cunt for his added pleasure.

The King dragged his feminised bitch around and drove the full length of his
fabulous erection into his hot little arse pit with one full plunge, causing the
bitch to squeal with a mixture of pain, and delight. I had already laid on the
floor beneath the kneeling bitch in eager anticipation, my face poised
immediately below his crotch. I watched in eager fascination while The King's
huge penis had stretched open the transsexual's tight arse ring, and marveled at
his capacity when the entire length of the massive black penis disappeared into
the hole. I raised my face, and my hot mouth engulfed the tiny erect prick, and
began to suck on it with all the passion I could muster.

My body jumped with pleasure when a soft tongue lapped wetly at my arse ring,
then speared it with casual efficiency. Pleasure flowed through me to the
sensual feel of hot, wriggling tongue in my tight arse pit. Then a fresh surge
of delight flowed though me when my hot, throbbing cock was swallowed into the
King's warm mouth, and he sucked on it like a man possessed. We went at each
other with such passionate ardor that it took almost no time at all before we
were all wallowing in ecstatic sexual climax.

The King's flexing testicles flooded his bitch's writhing arse chute with an
ocean of ball cream. The transsexual's tiny penis surrendered its small flow of
sweet sap to my flicking tongue, and my own pulsating cock poured its flood of
creamy juices into the eager mouth of the King. When it was over the King
dismissed us, and we were off for the day's service.

My days at the prison roughly followed the same pattern for the rest of the
week. Each new day began with a session with the King. I then spent hour after
hour, under the close supervision of the transsexual, Trudy, servicing prisoners
sexually in the theatre. And each night was spent in Trudy's bed where I fucked
and sucked him for his pleasure while he eagerly reciprocated.

On the last day I spent all my time being fucked by a succession of prisoners,
while my mouth brought off all the femme bitches. Trudy, of course, acceded to
my plea that I be arse whipped once each day, now realising that this punishment
only added to my pleasure, and by this time the lovely creature was hopelessly
in love with me, and would deny me no pleasure if I begged sweetly.

It was with extreme sadness that Trudy knelt before me on the dock, and sucked
me off one final time before locking my sex up. He kissed me softly, with tears
trickling down his cheeks, and whimpered his sorrow at my leaving. I tried to
cheer the lovely little femme up by reminding him that I would be returning in a
month, and this did cheer  him up a little, and he left me after one final kiss,
to await the arrival of the yacht that would return me to the chateau. I must
admit that I was looking forward to returning to a regime of pain and
punishment, and to once again seeing female flesh instead of exclusively male
bodies.




chapter 9 - at the chateau - june's story

Puppy swept into our cell block, accompanied by a footman. John had already been
collected about an hour before, and I was beginning to wonder if my services
were going to be required at all, although this would have been unusual to say
the least. My heart began to race with eager anticipation when the footman began
to prepare me for whatever ordeal I was going to be subjected  to. He began by
unlocking my cunt rings, then inserted a full set, three more in each fat cunt
lip. When he was finished each of my cunt lips contained four steel rings,
evenly spaced along their pulpy lengths.

The footman then placed my arms in the severest of bent arm bondage, behind my
back. He pulled the ruberised straps so tight that my shoulders actually ached
with the strain, and it caused my creamy, heavy tits to thrust out gorgeously,
the teats capping them already stiff and hot in anticipation, perhaps, of the
tits being subjected to a session of delicious suffering. I so adore it when my
big, soft, sensitive tits are the targets for cruel punishment. I was to find
out, however, that they were not even to be touched during this particular
session. The footman completed the preparations by attaching a leash to my nose
ring, then glanced at puppy, who sent us on our way with a nod of her head.

The footman led me up the stairs, and along a long corridor until we came to one
of the many small entertainment rooms. I flushed with embarrassment when all we
passed stopped to gaze, with interest, at my bizarre nudity. My heavy tits
bounced erotically, and the rings dangling from my swollen cunt lips tinkled
audibly as I submissively padded along behind the rubber clad man. All of this,
of course, only served to enhance my masochistic arousal, and by the time we
reached our destination my cunt was already moist and glistening, and my cunt
prick stiff, and hot.

We entered the room without knocking, obviously being expected. There were only
three others in the small pleasure room, the chateau member, a male in his
fifties, a female whore, and one of the voluptuous female sluts. All were naked.
The whore was on her knees before the member, with his limp penis in her mouth.
She was sucking on the soft shaft with measured eroticism, endeavoring to get
some response from it. The slut was performing before the member, her obscene
sexual gymnastics also being used in the quest to arouse the aging man. The slut
was bent over backwards at her waist. Her face was poised below her lewdly
splayed open crotch, and her tongue was obscenely lapping at her own drooling
pussy. The voluptuous girl's huge tits hung straight down towards the floor
below her, with their fabulous nipples actually grazing the polished wood.

"Ah!" The member exclaimed as soon as he saw us enter. "The cunt has arrived, my
dears. Administering a good sound thrashing to a splayed open, utterly
defenseless cunt always gets me going!" I shuddered with dread! So this was why
all the extra rings had been inserted in my cunt lips, to ensure that it was
obscenely splayed open, so that it could be savagely flogged! My heart pounded
with obscene, masochistic lust! My blood raced with submissive delight, and my
cunt seemed to swell more and more, and to literally drool with hot, sticky
juice.

"Set the bitch up!" The member commanded the footman, "I'm anxious to lay into
its lewd cunt split!" I flushed further at the demeaning nature of the sadist's
words, referring to me as if I wasn't even human. It was so deliciously
degrading, and made me shiver with even more submissive lust. The footman
unleashed me, and prodded my nudity towards a metal frame set up, almost in the
centre of the room. The member, and his whore, sat down on the one settee in the
room, and the whore continued to tease and stimulate his soft penis with her
soft tongue. The slut stood before the seated duo, and flaunted her sumptuous
nudity with utterly obscene depravity to further entertain them, and the member,
of course, in particular.

The footman efficiently enclosed my belly in the metal belt that formed the
centre piece of the frame. My ankles were then securely strapped to cuffs at its
base. The footman then manipulated two adjusting wheels on the frame. The first
cause the stays to which my ankles were fastened to split apart, wider and
wider, the more he turned the wheel, until my thighs were drawn excruciatingly
wide apart, and the tendons in my crotch were brutally stretched, and stood out
grotesquely. The second wheel only added to the extreme nature of my discomfort.
It caused my body to be bent upwards so that my swollen pussy became its highest
point, and pointed straight up.

My upper body was allowed to hang over the other end of the frame, my heavy tits
drooping down towards my head. The footman grasped each of my fabulously stiff
teats in turn, and clipped their rings to the ones in my ear lobes. This had two
effects, the first was to fill me with shame as my face was forced to be framed
by the creamy flesh of my udders, and the second, of course, was that it made me
keep my head up, or suffer the discomfort of the rings tearing at my ears and
teats. I was thus forced to stare up at my obscenely splayed open cunt split.

The footman then attended to my cunt in detail. He pulled two metal rods out
from either side of the frame. Each was positioned adjacent to my hips and, of
course, cunt. He screwed these tight when they were fully extended, and I was
able to note that each rod had a tiny bar, in the form of a 'T' at its end, and
from each of these hung four small linked chains with fish hooks attached to
their hanging ends. To complete the 'T' s, were small ratchet handles that were
obviously to be used to shorten the chains themselves.

Once he was satisfied that the rods were immovable, the footman proceeded to
attach the hooks on each of the chains to each of my cunt rings, four to each
cunt lip. At this point the chains lay limply across the tops of my thighs. This
was not to last for long, however, and the footman put the whole apparatus to
its intended use, to display a slave's cunt in the most obscene fashion
imaginable. He turned each ratchet slowly, and the chains were wound back
inexorably, spreading the fat lips of my cunt wider and wider apart.

When I thought that my poor cunt could not be spread any further the footman
turned each ratchet a further five times. I couldn't believe it! My tormented
cunt split seemed to be being torn from my splayed open crotch. It had never
been so brutally torn apart in my whole life. I stared at the grotesque sight
between my legs in absolute awe. My fat outer cunt flaps were almost at the mid
points of my thighs. The droopy inner ones were standing almost straight up, and
were also stretched out towards my thighs. The mouth to my cunt pit gaped
obscenely, and my stiff, aching cunt slug was fully extended from its flap, and
jutted lewdly from the apex of my tortured split. The footman laid a cunt whip,
the most vicious in the chateau's large collection, on my trembling belly. It
consisted of a grip to which were fastened twenty thin wires about two feet in
length, but not all exactly the same length. Each supple wire was tipped with a
tiny metal ball, but instead of being smooth, these balls were sharp and jagged.
My heart pounded with masochistic lust at the sheer agony this brutal weapon
would soon be inflicting on my utterly defenseless, and obscenely spread cunt
split.

The footman moved away once his job was done, and stood, patiently by the door
in case he was again needed. The member rose up from his couch, and dismissed
the slut, who skipped from the room, her enormous tits bouncing sexily. The
whore allowed the member's still limp penis to escape from her mouth when he
stood up, but she shuffled along with him, over to my captive nudity, on her
knees, her hand still squeezing and petting his slack testicles. When he arrived
between my legs the member's craggy face split into a wide, and utterly sadistic
grin.

"Now that's how a slave's cunt should be presented!" He exclaimed gleefully,
"Spread as wide as possible, with every centimeter of its lascivious meat
available to the whip!" He reached down and patted the whore's head lovingly,
then continued, "Would you just look at this bitch's lewd cooze. Her cunt pit is
gaping like a fish out of water, and just look at the slut prick. I swear, I've
never seen one as stiff and excited as this one, and the bitch's cunt is
drooling like a pig's maw before a trough of slops. The bitch must want her
slattern cunt whipped more than anything else in the world, isn't that so, you
hot, servile bitch?" He asked mockingly.

My belly shivered with a mixture of dread and masochistic excitement at the
man's mocking references. He knew me too well! Yes, my cunt split was drooling
with eager expectation! My mind was filled with eerie elation at the prospect of
brutal punishment! My breath came in tortured gasps, and I whined out the only
response I was capable of, "Please, Sir! Please, Sir! Please, Sir!" I sobbed out
in utter longing, my eyes staring up at the cruel man in sheer desperation and
pleading.

The unmerciful member merely chortled at the nature of my response. He knew full
well the restraint I was forced to practice when it came to communication, and
probably took even more pleasure from my servile circumstances. He reached down
and grasped the handle of the brutal whip and lifted it from my quivering belly.
He swished it about, freeing up all the strands. I shuddered at the light that
glinted off the flying balls that tipped each strand, realising that they were
going to have me suffering horendously in the next few minutes.

The man reached down to pet the head of the whore who had once again engulfed
his limp penis in her hot wet mouth, and was languidly sucking on the soft tube.
"Don't worry, little harlot." The member said, stroking her hair softly,
"Thrashing bitch cunt always gets me hard, then I'll fuck you so hard you wont
be able to walk straight for a week!" The whore reacted deliciously, by
relinquishing the man's cock and, after looking up at him with a lewd smile,
engulfing his slack testicles in her mouth and sucking on them with unrestrained
passion, causing an inevitable rejoinder from the man, "Yes, little whore, I
shall soon be filling your lewd little pussy with their juices, you can be
sure!" He then prepared to begin the whipping, "Now, sweet whore, grasp the
cheeks of my arse firmly, and hold me steady while I attend to the punishment of
the obscene bitch!"

With that the man raised the whip high, and brought it flashing downwards, in a
blaze of glittering lights, towards its defenseless target. My squeal of shock
and agony reverberated around the small room when my obscenely presented cunt
split erupted in fiery agony. Tears of pain and anguish poured from my eyes. The
pain and burning in my cunt was unbelievable in its sheer power and intensity. I
had no time to recover before the brutal whip again lashed into my tender meat,
and a fresh surge of absolute agony assailed me. My shrieks and howls of
suffering were continuous, and I was soon babbling, incoherently, the
conditioned response to my ordeal, "Harder, Sir! Harder, Sir! Harder, Sir!"

The savage man was too eager to respond, and almost lost his balance, such was
the force with which he strove to swing the barbarous whip. I howled out my
masochistic joy and rapture, while my ferociously abused cunt suffered and
suffered. I was totally consumed by the pain I was experiencing. Nothing else
existed! I was the perfect masochistic vessel for the sublimely cruel sadist. I
loved it! I adored it! I lived for it! I could not conceive existing without it!
I wailed and shrieked my exhortations that the man be ever crueler, and he
complied with sadistic laughter, thrashing my convulsing cunt as hard as he
could, over and over.

I can't really recall whether or not it was sheer physical exhaustion, or the
fact that the man's penis was finally fully erect, that caused him to relent. At
the time I could only babble out my pleas, distraught that the whipping had
stopped so abruptly, "Please, Sir! Please, Sir! Please, Sir!" As if this servile
begging might prompt him to recommence the brutal thrashing of my agony racked
cunt split. My burning cunt slug felt so stiff it was awesome, and my juices
literally poured from the punished meat in a never ending river of sexual, and
masochistic lust.

Eventually I realised that he was not going to respond positively to my
pleading, and changed my response accordingly, while blinking away my tears,
"Thank you, Sir! Thank you, Sir!" I sobbed in eternal gratitude to the cruel
sadist who had attended to my submissive yearnings so deliciously cruelly. But
it was not altogether over yet! Once my eyes were again clear, I watched a hand
reach down and release my teats from my ear lobes, and my head was again able to
hang down freely, releasing the awful strain that had afflicted my neck muscles
for so long.

Immediately, not more than two feet from my hanging face, my eyes were greeted
by the deliciously debauched sight of the whore's shapely arse as she knelt to
receive the member. Then his bony haunches were seen to crouch over her, and his
now stiff penis speared the whore's drooling pussy in one full stoke. I watched,
fascinated, and enormously aroused, while the penis of the man plunged in and
out of the lovely whore's exquisite pussy. I reveled in the depravity of the
spectacle, while wallowing in the burning pain that still assailed my own
severely punished cunt.

The man was true to his promise, and it took a good half an hour of intense
fucking before his penis succumbed to the harlot's impeccable sexual talents,
and he poured out the essence of his swinging testicles into that velvet
receptacle. I could only watch in frustration, wishing that my own fiercely
burning cunt was being so delightfully raped. As soon as the spent member had
completely exhausted its orgasm, he withdrew his sated penis from the whore's
pussy, pulled her to her feet, and the two of them wandered from the room
laughing together, leaving me alone to contemplate my pain and suffering in
solitude.

A few seconds later puppy, accompanied by the inevitable, rubber clad footman,
swept into the room. The bizarre little hermaphrodite was soon cooing over the
state of my savagely whipped cunt, pointing out that not only was it obviously
well punished, but also, of course, that it was displaying all the signs of
intensive stimulation. The footman went about freeing my body from its bondage
with practiced efficiency. A tiny shriek of pain escaped from my lips when the
chains spreading my cunt lips were loosened, and the swollen flaps closed as
much as they were able, given their current state, and a surge of burning pain
again flooded the horrifically abused cunt.

When I was finally free of the frame, and stood meekly before the tiny overseer,
I tried to remain spread legged, to lessen the pain that closing my legs caused
to my tortured cunt. The brazen little imp laughed at my reaction, commenting
that really, I was only displaying my natural depravity by keeping my thighs
spread, and that my lewd cunt didn't really hurt at all. She dismissed the
footman as soon as he had completed his task, and then addressed me, "I'm going
to return you to your cell, little bitch, but on the way we are going to have
some fun.

The trip back to my cell, which should have taken perhaps two to three minutes,
wound up taking almost three hours, and by the time we eventually got there, I
was both physically and sexually exhausted. It seems that puppy had carefully
planned for me to be used, and abused, every step of the way, with liberal doses
of sexual humiliation thrown in just for good measure. It began with us coming
across a slut, already armed with a huge double dildo. I was walking along
behind puppy, slightly bow legged, to relieve, in a small way, the still fierce
burning assailing my well whipped cunt split, when I noticed the slut rut her
hips at me, with a leer of sheer lust on her face.

My arse ring began to tingle in eager anticipation of its imminent rape, even as
I slipped down to the floor, on my knees, and shuffled to the conveniently
placed whip rack. I selected an appropriate cane and took it between my teeth,
then looked around frantically for a footmen. As if by magic, but more by
puppy's design, of course, one just happened to appear. I crawled over to him
and, after kissing his toes in submission, presented him with the cane, then
turned away and raised my naked arse cheeks high, and begged, "Please, Sir!
Please, Sir!"

The cruel footman quickly, and efficiently, applied six evenly spaced brutally
delivered strokes to the erotically waving cheeks, causing me to whimper with
hurt, then threw the cane down at my feet. I returned it to the rack, then
approached the slut. I waved my well striped arse slabs at the statuesque woman.
She gave me the arranged signal, and I took up the massive double dildo. I drove
one end of it up the slut's fabulous pussy, and sloshed it around to lubricate
it thoroughly, then withdrew it and thrust the other end into the aroused pussy,
to the very hilt. The I turned away from the slut, my heart pounding with lust
at the sight of the glistening rubber prick sprouting out from her crotch, and
commenced to lewdly wave the well striped cheeks of my burning arse at her in
obscene invitation.

"Please, Madam! Please, Madam!" I pleaded helplessly, and hopelessly filled with
wanton lust. The slut drove the dildo up my arse pit with one full stroke. I
shrieked in hurt, and pleasure, at the violence of the rape. My arse mounds
rolled lasciviously, and my arse pit writhed uncontrollably. The slut began to
slowly fuck my arse with long full strokes. She used her hands to steady my
rutting arse cheeks as the pace with which she fucked me gradually increased,
causing my hanging tits to flop around. I mewled out my pleasure while I was so
beautifully arse fucked. It was so good!. My feelings of deep shame were only
fleeting, when the inevitable passers by stopped to watch me being so obscenely
arse fucked, I was too far gone in wanton ecstasy to really care who witnessed
my lewd obscenity.

The slut fucked me relentlessly, until she had brought herself off on the dildo
buried up her own spasming pussy. She then withdrew the dildo from my arse, and
threw it down to the floor. I made to take up the weapon to clean it, as I was
normally required to do, when puppy snapped, "Forget that, bitch!" and drew me
back up to my feet by the leash. As she led me off I saw a maid retrieve the
dildo and run off with it. Before we had traveled a further twelve steps we came
upon a whore. The beautiful girl swept her skirt aside, baring her exquisite
pussy to me.

My state of mind was, of course, so acutely attuned to its mixture of sexual
depravity, lust, and submissive exhilaration by this time, that I reacted
without a single thought. I dropped to my knees and shuffled over to the ever
present rack of whips and selected a cruel tit whip which I took in my teeth. I
found that the footman had not left, and was soon on my knees before him with my
tender tits thrust out wantonly, awaiting the inevitable punishment that was to
be so savagely inflicted on their heavy, creamy skinned masses.

Soon my cries and shrieks of hurt had attracted a small audience of members,
maids, valets and footmen to witness the sound thrashing of my tits. The brutal
whip lashed the bouncing mounds relentlessly for at least two minutes before the
footman threw down the whip and stood back. Tears of anguish poured from my eyes
while I returned the whip to its rack, then shuffled over to the waiting whore.
She swept aside her long, split skirt once again, and I buried my face between
her superb thighs. My mouth closed over the lips of her lovely pussy, and my
taste buds were flooded with the delicious flavours of aroused female sexuality.

I sucked the whore's delectable pussy with unrestrained passion, slurping at the
dripping meat wildly while my tormented tits burned gorgeously. My mouth was
filled with her succulent juices while my soft tongue lashed at her stiff little
girl prick until it vibrated with her pleasure. Then I drove my tongue into the
whore's elastic pussy hole and massaged its silky walls until the whore exploded
in ecstasy. I drank down the flood of pussy cream the climaxing whore
surrendered to my passionate mouth with surges of sheer delight coursing through
me. I was lost in the humiliation, and fabulous shame of my stature completely
by this time, marred only by the acute sense of loss that pervaded me when I
realised that the whore had no more to give, and her wonderful pussy was
removed.

I had no time to ponder this however, for I was immediately prodded to my feet
again by the sexy little hermaphrodite. I saw that we now had a maid in toe as
we approached a door not ten feet away from where I had sucked the gorgeous
whore off. We went into the room without even knocking, and I found myself
standing before a group of fully dressed members, a mixture of both sexes, who
were seated around what was a small drawing room, drinking coffee and eating
snacks. My cheeks flushed scarlet when puppy maneuvered me around until I face
the little group.

Puppy stood behind me, and I felt the soft cool flesh of her firm breasts
pressing into the skin of my back, and more excitingly, the length of her stiff
penis pressing into the crack between my well caned arse cheeks. The little
slave's fingers linked into my cunt rings and she literally tore the fat lips
apart, baring the dripping meat of my unbelievably aroused cunt to the group,
and causing fresh flow of sheer pain from the abused meat to assail me. The maid
then quickly, and with impersonal efficiency, grasped the shaft of my cunt slug
between thumb and forefinger, and began to masturbate it slowly.

Soon all thoughts of pain were banished from my mind. My abused body was filled
with pleasure. All of my mind was concentrated on my cunt slug, and the pleasure
that it was subjected to. My thigh muscles began to knot, and my smooth flat
belly began to quiver while the maid's busy, and knowing fingers, drove me
relentlessly to orgasm. I shrieked involuntarily when my cunt exploded, and my
juices poured from the convulsing meat in a deluge of sexual ecstasy, much to
the delight of the members watching so attentively.

Puppy released my cunt rings as soon as she was sure that my climax was over,
although, by this time, it was hard to tell, for even after the orgasm I found
myself teetering on the edge of another such event. I was led from the room, and
almost immediately found myself with my face buried between the svelte thighs of
a whore, contemplating my freshly burning tits while my mouth happily sucked her
succulent pussy to climax.

Over the ensuing two or three hours I sucked pussy, was arse raped continuously,
those sessions only interrupted by further sessions of masturbation, always
before an eager audience. Puppy had obviously arranged for a never ending line
of whores and sluts who needed to use me. It was as if she was intent on testing
my capacity to endure, and to serve, and she found out, of course, that I was
utterly insatiable when it came to pain and pleasure. I welcomed each thrashing
of my tits, each caning of my arse cheeks, each pussy that fed my eager mouth
with its sexual elixir, and each dildo that cruelly stretched my arse ring with
a fever that did not diminish in the slightest, not withstanding the relentless
ordeals that I had already been subjected to. I was reduced to a pain slave, and
sex animal, and I loved it, adored it, lived for it!

Finally, of course, it had to end, and I was returned to the cells. My tits were
swollen, and covered with the evidence of continual whipping, my arse cheeks
were so badly striped by the strokes of the cane, as to seem to be covered with
almost one enormous welt, and my cunt, although no where near as swollen as
before, still bore the unmistakable evidence of the brutal punishment that it
had been subjected to. Physically I was exhausted by the time we reached the
cells, but mentally I was still in submissive paradise. My mind was filled with
thoughts of wanton lust and servile, masochistic delight.

A maid, one of the prettiest at the chateau, had accompanied us, and was charged
with treating my abused body. Puppy left almost immediately. My arms had been
freed from their bondage, and now I only wore cuffs on my wrists, connected
together with a loose chain. The maid began to massage my tits with soothing
ointments and balms, cooing with sympathy at the suffering that I must have
endured. The lovely little creature massaged the healing lotions into the meat
of my welted arse slabs devotedly, before moving on to the dripping meat of my
tormented cunt split. I sighed with contentment while she worked, and slowly
came down from the sexual, submissive high that I had been existing in for so
long.

A short while later, and while the maid was still busy soothing my hurts, John
entered the cells. Tears streaked his cheeks, which were flushed with shame and
humiliation, but his eyes were sparkling with barely suppressed lust, and I
knew, instinctively, that he must have experienced something akin to what had
befallen me, if that were possible. His long, thick prick was standing out from
his smooth crotch at half mast, and it looked as though it had been through a
threshing machine. Its reddened meat was covered with welts, and was still moist
looking, the head was fabulously swollen, and the nuts at its base looked
swollen, and battered and bruised. His lean arse slabs, like mine, were covered
with cane welts.

The valet who accompanied him was soon engaged in treating his abused body in
much the same fashion as the maid was treating mine. The light on the phone sex
console began to flash almost the instant that John arrived back in the cell
block. I made to respond immediately, thinking that my recent ordeal would be
most entertaining for the clients, when John frantically signaled to me that he
wanted to handle this session. With some reluctance, I acceded to his wish, no,
almost his demand that he be allowed to relate a tale. I settled back down,
under the tender ministrations of the cute little maid, to listen to the story
unfold:

A footman collected me soon after puppy had taken my sister away. The man bound
my arms behind me, at wrists and elbows, so tightly that they arched out from my
body, and my elbows touched. I flushed with eager lust when he reached down and
freed the head of my prick from its position behind my smooth nut sack. My limp
prick swung down heavily between my thighs once freed, but it didn't remain thus
for long as excitement and lust filled me. The thick stalk of debauched
sexuality swelled and lengthened almost immediately, in perfect response to my
depraved nature. Was it to be used, or merely viewed by my superiors, I didn't
know which at this time, but never the less, the wanton lust stalk reacted as it
always does, and was soon arching out from my crotch stiff and hard, and
throbbing with eager anticipation.

A leash was connected to my nose ring and, in this humiliating fashion, I was
led from my cell, my stiff prick swaying wantonly with my gait, and off to my
fate. The footman took me up to the ground floor, then out into the gardens. We
walked down a path until we came to an alcove surrounded by leafy trees. At this
point there was no one present in the little clearing, and I wondered what was
going on. The footman, however, must have known what was planned, for he prodded
me towards a single short pole that was embedded in the manicured lawn, in the
centre of the small clearing. At the top of this small pole was a cage like
device, and it didn't take much imagination for me to realise its purpose.

The footman then pushed and prodded my nudity until my spread thighs straddled
the pole. He then reached down and split the little metal cage open. My fat
swollen nuts were then lowered slightly, and he re-closed the cage so that its
metal tynes pressed firmly into the meat of my balls. He didn't tighten the cage
around my nuts, but left it just securely capturing the tender bulbs and, of
course, leaving me with no hope of escape, not that I would have ever have
contemplated such thoughts. The footman then left the clearing, and I was left
alone to contemplate my fate.

It must have been five minutes before sounds signaled the approach of others. My
heart pounded with trepidation at what might befall me, as vulnerably captive as
I was. I had no time to allow my imagination full reign however, because before
I knew it three people swept into the grassy alcove. A young female member,
accompanied by two female whores. The member was dressed in leather, or
undressed in leather, depending on how you looked at it. The two whores were
entirely naked, and my mouth watered with longing at their sensual beauty.

The young member wore a half corset of black patent leather that hugged her
slender body. Her young, full breasts were bare, and jutted out from her slim
torso arrogantly. Her crotch was also bare, and her lovely, shapely bottom
cheeks bulged sexily. Her pussy was decorated with a sparse covering of fine
hair that was neatly trimmed. The girl's face was tastefully made up, and she
was handsome, rather than beautiful, in contrast to the two whores.

The three of them chortled together while they inspected my bizarrely captive
nudity, causing me to blush furiously. No matter how often my nudity was
obscenely displayed, I could never quite get used to it, and always reacted with
clearly visible evidence of my deep humiliation. I suppose that this is one of
the more pleasing aspects of my performance as far as those who love to shame me
are concerned. It must be much more exciting to subject a slave to the extremes
of embarrassment, when the slave shows it, than it is to shame a slave who
clearly is used to such activity, and accepts it with no reaction.

"Ah!" The young Dominatrix cried excitedly, "That's how a pricked animal should
be presented to a lady!" The two whores entered into the spirit of the member's
mood, and as she went on it became patently obvious that she was a lesbian, and
not just a lesbian, but one with a deep seated hatred of all things male. My
heart pounded with ever increasing dread the longer the young Domina spoke. This
lovely young woman was not going to punish me for her entertainment alone, she
was going to make me suffer purely because I was male and, in her opinion, all
males existed to suffer at the hands of superior females.

"Just look at the obscene pig!" She continued, "Its putrid slug can't help
itself when in the presence of female gloriousness. Look how it stands up with
lewd pride, no doubt dreaming of plowing into a wet, hot pussy, as if that were
its right! Well no vile male lust stalk has ever entered the paradise of my
pussy, and none ever will!" She stated with a finality that shocked me to my
core. By this time she had her arms around both of the whore's, whose eager
mouths were at her nipples, suckling the hard nubbins passionately. If the
chateau harlots had any sympathy for my plight, they certainly weren't showing
it.

"Just look at the pig's fat scum bags, busting with repulsive trash no doubt,
captured so fittingly in the wire cage. The hog seems content with their
captivity, but I'll soon change that!" The innately cruel girl chortled as the
three of them, still locked in a passionate embrace, shuffled slowly over to my
restrained nudity. The girl leant down and began to work the gear that shrunk
the cage that had enveloped my tender nuts. The heartless little sadist did it
slowly, so that I could not only feel every aspect of the slow crushing of my
balls, but could also anticipate the growing pain and suffering. My whimpers
soon grew to low moans as my balls were crushed in the relentlessly shrinking
wire cage, then graduated to wails of anguish while my agony grew and grew. The
vicious lesbian tightened the cage until, despite her strength, she was no
longer able to shrink the cage any further, and my screeches of unadulterated
agony echoed through the garden. My balls were crushed down to no more than half
their normal size, and the pain was truly fabulous.

"That's better!" The cruel Dominatrix chortled while watching me suffer so
terribly. "That's how a male pig should be made to suffer when in the presence
of gloriously superior females. The pig's putrid nuts don't seem so full of
trash now, do they, the puny blobs seemed to have shrunken nicely, don't you
think?" She asked gleefully, not, of course, expecting any reply from the lovely
whores still passionately sucking her nipples, and, by now, caressing her moist
pussy with knowing fingers. A flash of sheer anger overtook the eyes of the
young Domina, and I wondered, despite my concentration on my suffering, what
could have caused such a quick reaction of such intensity.

"I don't believe it!" She cried angrily, "Look at the putrid hog's refuse hose!
It's got stiffer and harder, and has grown even larger! The lurid animal likes
what I've done to its repulsive scum bags!" I glanced down, and it was true.
Despite the sheer gut wrenching agony that threatened to totally consume me, I
saw that my prick had indeed gotten bigger, and throbbed and pulsed with
masochistic arousal. The capture of my balls caused the aching pole of slavish
lust to arch straight out from my tormented crotch, totally defenseless, and
utterly vulnerable to punishment. My heart raced with masochistic joy when it
hit me that this was the whole purpose of the excersise, to present my stiff,
throbbing cock for vicious, and relentless punishment.

I looked back up from my lewdly sprouting cock, and was caught in the merciless
stare of the sadist's eyes. She smiled cruelly, then slapped the lovely bare
bottom cheeks of one of the whores attending to her, and ordered, "Go and get
the whip I chose earlier, little harlot, and bring it to me. I'll teach this pig
to display such lewd and depraved debauchery when in my presence. I'll teach it
the real meaning of pain and suffering! It'll wish it was dead before I'm
finished with it." The beautiful whore reluctantly relinquished the nipple she
had been sucking, revealing it to be swollen and hard, then ran from the alcove,
her gorgeous breasts bouncing erotically on her slender torso with the movement
of her body.

While we waited for her return fresh surges of masochistically induced
adrenaline rushed through my body, and I found that I had to take a hold of my
concentration to stop a flood of ball juice from spurting from the tip of my
wildly throbbing prick. I knew that I was in for the prick whipping of my life,
and my submissive brain was filled with longing for it. Somehow it was even more
arousing to be punished by a girl who hated all things male. I was sure that she
would be especially cruel, and utterly merciless, and I found myself yearning to
suffer at her cruel hands more than anything I had yearned for for ages.

While we were waiting the Domina and the remaining whore engaged in a bout of
passionate kissing and caressing. "After I've punished this pig long and hard,
sweet harlot," The member sighed, "We are going to sex each other until we are
dying of pleasure. I can't wait to feel your soft little tongue in my hot pussy.
I can't wait to taste the delicious flavours of your succulent little cunt.
While we pleasure each other the punished pig will just have to stand there, and
suffer and suffer, and watch, knowing that as a low male hog, it has no place in
the pleasure of girls. We'll lap nipples, caress tits, pet pussies, tongue silky
pussy pits, rim tasty arse rings, and suckle on stiff girl pricks until we come
and come, and the suffering pig will be forced to watch it all while it
contemplates the pain and suffering it has so richly deserved to be subjected
to, just for being putrid male!"

By this time the maid attending to my abused body had really finished her work,
but she remained in the cells and continued to massage my body. Now, however,
her activity was more caressing than purposeful, and I wallowed in my pleasure.
My cunt slug was again stiff and hard, and tingling deliciously, and the teats
capping my heavy tits were also hard and crinkled with arousal. I had to stop
myself from returning the delicious little girl's attentions, and thus bringing
down the wrath of the Master on me. I was forbidden to engage in any form of
unsupervised sexual activity, as you well know. The valet that had treated my
brother's savagely abused cock and balls had left the cells as soon as he had
finished his task. John's big cock was not locked up, which surprised me a
little, and stood stiff and proud in his smooth crotch. He was obviously
extremely aroused by the tale of pain and suffering that he was relating. His
story continued:

The beautiful whore returned with a whip that had my blood racing with dread,
and almost feral longing. The gut wrenching agony in my crushed nuts had ebbed
to the extent that it now only kept my masochistic juices humming along nicely.
I knew that the main event was yet to come, and I welcomed it with every fibre
of my being. The whip was a six foot long wire, so flexible that it hung
straight down from the pistol grip and draped along the grass. The whore handed
the brutal weapon to the Dominatrix with a smile.

"Why don't you two go over and sit on the love seat while I whip this pig's
contemptible slag bar to shreds, to teach it what displaying its obscene
depravity and wanton debauched lust in front of exceptional female beings costs
it." The sadistic Mistress snaked out the full length of the vicious looking
whip while she spoke, ensuring that I saw its bizarre design, and could imagine
the sheer agony it was capable of inflicting. "Why don't you two sweet harlots
get each other nice and hot while you watch the pig suffer." She continued,
"Then you'll be ready for me when I run out of puff!"

By this time I was literally beside myself with yearning to suffer. The cruel
Dominatrix had been teasing me unmercifully now for what seemed to be hours,
promising me pain, but not delivering. The ferocious agony that had at first
racked my brutally crushed balls was now merely a persistent ache that hardly
even bothered me any more. I needed more, much more! And I needed it now! My
eyes must have been obviously betraying my longing, for the cruel sadist
suddenly let out a scornful chortle, and declared loftily to the passionately
entwined whores.

"The foul hog wants to suffer. Its eyes are begging me to thrash its puny stalk,
little harlots!" She announced. "Should I accede to its wishes, or should I make
it beg some more! What do you think, lovely sluts? Should I thrash this pig's
vile sex? Should I flay the stiff pole of male obscenity? Come on, pig! Beg!
Beg! And maybe, just maybe, I'll deign to accommodate you!" The pitiless
domatrix teased, goading me to a level of need that shocked even me.

"Please, Madam!" I sobbed out in utter anguish and complete yearning. "Please,
Madam! Please, Madam! Please, Madam!" The cruel girl giggled with glee while she
listened to my heart rending pleas. She was obviously enjoying herself
immensely, mocking me savagely, while I continued to plead helplessly, totally
consumed by my masochistic lust. "Well, just to please you, foul pig!" She
eventually interrupted, "Just to please you, but we'll see how you react. We'll
see how eager you are after you get a sample of what's in store!" She concluded,
drawing the brutal whip back.

My eyes widened in utter shock, and a squeal of absolute agony was wrenched from
my gaping mouth when the flashing wire wrapped itself around the throbbing stem
of my rigid prick. The flexible wire sliced into my hard meat with feral
savagery, and the pain was exquisite. "Still anxious, grotesque animal?" The
cruel Dominatrix asked with a leer while, snapping the wire back in readiness
for another brutal stroke. Tears dripped from the corners of my eyes, and I
reacted immediately, my blood pounding with my servile excitement, "Please,
Madam! Please, Madam! Harder, Madam! Harder, Madam! Harder, Madam! Please,
Madam! Please, Madam! Harder, Madam!" I babbled almost incoherently, staring
down at the ugly welt the first stroke had left on the stalk of my pulsing
prick.

The wire flashed again, and a fresh screech of pain was torn from my throat when
it lashed into my pain filled prick stem. The cruel Domina delivered a third
stroke, mercilessly, swinging the whip with all her considerable strength, then
a forth, then a fifth. I screamed and wailed with pain with each, and wallowed
in the masochistic joy that flooded every cell of my being. The girl stopped
momentarily, to tease and mock my suffering nudity heartlessly, and marveled at
the fact that my tortured cock had seemed to swell even larger, now that it was
suffering so horendously. The whores were locked in a passionate embrace while
they watched my punishment with fascination. I could tell that the excitement
they showed was tinged with pity for me from their expressions.

No such emotion was shown by the lesbian Dominatrix, however, she was enjoying
herself immensely, engaged in her favourite activity, punishing the prick of the
hated, helpless, defenseless  male with merciless precision and barbarous
ferocity. The whip sliced up and down the length of my pain filled sex stalk
without letup. My squeals and howls of agony came continuously, and my cock was
transformed into a welted log of white hot fire. The whip even broke the
delicate skin in some places, and small droplets of crimson blood appeared up
and down the anguished length.

Not withstanding the state of my mind by this time I was still able to note that
the fat head of my prick remained un punished and my brain was squealing
silently, "Whip the cock head! Whip the cock head!" The cruel Dominatrix,
however, continued to ignore the head of my prick while she whipped and whipped,
and I began to realise, much to my extreme disappointment, that she was never
going to touch it. The reason, of course, was that it is forbidden by the
Master, to use a whip capable of drawing blood on the most sensitive areas of
the slave being punished. In my case the head of my cock, and my balls, and in
my sisters case, her tits and cunt lips. It's not fair! It's not fair! My brain
complained bitterly while the Domina whipped and whipped, and I suffered and
suffered.

After what seemed an eternity to me the girl finally dropped the whip onto the
grass at my feet. What are you doing? My brain cried silently. Why are you
stopping? Surely my slave prick has not been punished enough yet! My actual
reaction to the ceasing of the whipping was quite different, however, and I
sobbed it out with sheer gratitude to my cruel tormentor, "Thank you, Madam!
Thank you, Madam! Thank you, Madam!'

The girl leered at my pleading face, then declared mockingly, "That's how a male
pig should be treated! Its lewd, wanton, lust filled hose should be made to
suffer and suffer when ever it displays its grotesque depravity so arrogantly,
in the presence of femininity! Just look at it, sexy whores! Just look at how it
still stands, filled with debauched, lecherous lust even now, after I've
punished it for its arrogant display. Male pigs are always defiant, and lust
crazed creatures with no minds of their own."

She went on and on for a few minutes, but she was right, of course. My horribly
abused prick did indeed stand proudly, and arched out from my crotch as stiff
and hard as steel. Its abused, welted length throbbed with pain, but also pulsed
with arousal, and teetered on the edge of explosion. I stared down at it in
disbelief, wallowing in my masochistic ecstasy. The entire length of hard cock
was covered with vicious welts and abrasions, the splatters of crimson blood
evidence of the ferocity of the whipping that had been so cruelly inflicted on
it.

"I'm so hot! So horny!" The cruel Domina exclaimed as she padded over to the two
whores who rose to greet her when she arrived at the love seat. "Are you as hot
as I am?" She asked, then added, "Let's take our pleasure while the suffering
pig watches! Let's show the vile hog how sweet pussy should be pleasured. Let
the pig dream, hopelessly, of having his slug embraced by exquisite pussy,
something it will never experience in my presence. Oh God, whipping male sex
gets me hot and horny! I love it so!"

The girl sat down on the love seat and spread her legs wide while she spoke. Her
delicious looking pussy was as wet as could be, and its swollen lips glistened
with her juices. One of the whores knelt between those splayed open thighs and
brought her mouth to the girl's flooded pussy. Soon the whore's soft tongue was
plowing between those dripping pussy lips, and she sucked passionately at the
drooling sex. The other whore mounted the seat and brought her own sweet pussy
into range of the member's mouth. The lust filled girl grasped the smooth cheeks
of the whore's gorgeous bottom and drew the fragrant, excited pussy to her eager
mouth. I watched in helpless excitement while the beautiful girl's soft tongue
split those smooth, plump sex lips, and slurped passionately at the dripping
meat between them.

The three girls sucked each other with wanton abandon, drinking each other dry,
then sucking for fresh loads of fragrant female elixir. They seemed totally
insatiable. None of them could get enough. Orgasm after orgasm was sucked from
spasming pussy. Oceans of girl sex juice was slurped up by eager female tongues.
Breasts were sucked. Swollen nipples were nibbled. Tingling arse rings were
delicately rimmed, and hard, pulsating clitorises were passionately sucked. I
watched, still reveling in the aftermath of my punishment, and did indeed long
to be among that mountain of writhing female nudity. Did indeed yearn to plunge
my aching pain filled prick into the depths of those exploding pussies.

After an hour or so of unrestrained lesbian sex the group finally exhausted
their lusts, or at least the whores had exhausted the member's sexual appetite.
The three of them left the clearing, completely ignoring my still suffering
nudity. A couple of minutes later a footman appeared, and I was released from my
bondage, my crushed balls filling with delicious pain when the pressure was
released from them. My sorely whipped cock still remained rigid, but now arched
up along my flat belly instead of straight out from my crotch now that my balls
had been released. The leash was attached to my nose ring and I was led off by
the rubber clad footman.

By the time John had finished his tale of lust and punishment I was once again
acutely sexually aroused, as was the maid who still caressed me. John's massive,
and brutally abused prick remained as stiff as steel the entire time. The maid
kept dipping a finger into her succulent little pussy, covering the digit with
her sweet pussy juices, then allowing my soft tongue to lap up those delicious
juices, over and over.

Puppy swept into the room, and caught us engaging in this playful activity. The
tiny hermaphrodite's reaction to what she saw was predictable, of course, but
you could never tell with her, whether her displays of anger were real or
simulated. In any event, she appeared enraged at catching us engaging in even
such benign sexual activity. "What's this!" She thundered at the unfortunate
maid. "Who gave you permission to play with the bitch!" She went on in a perfect
simulation of rage and anger, then pressed the button to summon a footman.

When the imposing man entered the cell block puppy fixed the poor little maid in
her gaze, and instructed the footman, "Paddle this little slut's arse hard! She
needs a lesson in discipline to teach her not to take liberties with the bitch!"
The footman collected a heavy leather paddle from the whip rack against the wall
and grabbed the wriggling maid firmly. He swept her ridiculously short skirt
aside, baring her lovely smooth bottom. He then commenced to thrash those smooth
bottom cheeks soundly with the heavy paddle. The little maid squealed out her
hurt while her bottom cheeks absorbed stroke after stroke, each delivered
without mercy by the strong footman. Her bottom went from pale creamy white to
rosy red before our eyes.

As soon as the footman finished paddling the poor maid's cute arse, puppy then
commanded, "Take the lewd little slut to the male slut's rest room. I want her
fucked until she can't stand straight! If its sex the wanton little hussy
craves, then sex it shall be, but not the kind I think she has been dreaming of,
rather a good merciless raping by huge slut cock. That should teach her her
place!"

The footman left the cell, dragging the sobbing maid along with him. I noticed
that, despite her hurt, the maid's eyes betrayed intense sexual lust. She was
obviously pleased, and excited by what was about to befall her. I could just
imagine how the girl would react to the invasion of her hot little pussy by huge
slut cock after huge slut cock. She would come and come, and probably beg for it
the whole time. I knew that if were I, I would be. Puppy then turned her
attention to me. She reached down and locked my dripping cunt slit up.

"As for you," She snapped to me, "I expect that you egged the little slut on,
you lewd, wanton bitch! I wont have you whipped, lewd bitch, but you can kiss
good-bye any though of having that depraved cunt between you wanton thighs
relieved for the next few days, I can assure you. That will teach you not to
take advantage of a maid's good graces!" Puppy then went over to John and
attached a leash to his nose ring, and changed her tone as she addressed him:

"On the other hand you, hog, have pleased me immensely. Your little tale was
delivered admirably. The Master is pleased, so I'm going to have you milked a
few times as a reward!" John blushed furiously at this announcement, but I could
tell that he was beside himself with happiness. Even if he would never actually
admit it, I knew that he adored the humiliation of being sexually serviced
before the inevitable audience of chateau members. Knew that he reveled in the
sheer degradation of having his big prick expertly masturbated while others
watched him spurt, out of control, for their pleasure.

For my part, I settled back as they left the cells, and contemplated the fact
that my wanton pussy would not be subjected to the same lewd practice for as
long as puppy thought that I needed to be punished for my perceived
transgression. It is ironical, of course, that my brother should be rewarded for
something that was essentially his fault, and that I, the innocent party, should
be the one to be punished.




Chapter 10 - Party Night - John's Story

The week each month devoted to parties is always eagerly anticipated by June and
I. Our days are actually spent in much the same fashion as all of the rest of
the days when members are admitted to the chateau, although we tend not to be
used as much during party periods. The members tend to relax more during the
days, as if anticipating the excitement of the evening exhibitions, and perhaps
even not wishing to tire June and I too much, and thus risking taking the edge
off our nightly performances. Also, of course, June and I looked forward to
these weeks, for the opportunity they gave us to engage, sexually, with members
of the opposite sex. Initially, we only performed sexually with each other, but
after the first few party weeks this rule was relaxed, and June and I were
required to perform with the sluts, and on special occasions, with our slave
overseer, the hermaphrodite, puppy.

In view of the changes to form, June and I were allowed to communicate with the
sluts, but only for the purpose of planning our perverted exhibitions. One other
change to our normal rights was made as well. Normally, June and I are only
punished by Master, footmen, or, of course, members. But for the party
exhibitions the sluts are also allowed to punish us, as part of the
entertainment. This also allowed June and I to enjoy some form of punishment
during that member free week, when party activities were planned and
choreographed. We, of course, insisted that the sluts practice each and every
punishment we planned until they were perfect. Initially the sluts resisted, not
wanting to see June or I suffer unnecessarily, but soon realised that we
actually wanted them to practice punishing us, and not only because we wanted
the exhibitions to be perfect, but mainly to cater to our almost insatiable
masochistic desires.

In general, a party night was an excuse for the members to indulge in an
unrestrained orgy of sexual excess. The exhibitions that June and I, and the
sluts, put on were designed to grow the excitement of the audience. Confirmed
lesbians and homosexuals even engaged in heterosexual activities during such
orgies. This was clear evidence of the level to which inhibitions and taboos
were struck down, forgotten, or deliberately flaunted during these orgies. The
orgies lasted until all participants were utterly sexually exhausted, absolutely
sated. It was, perhaps, because of this that June and I were so infrequently
used during party week, the members were so satiated by the orgies that they
almost had to use the days to recover, in anticipation of the next might's orgy
of complete debauchery.

The entertainment generally commenced with exhibitions of self abuse by the
sluts, who demonstrated their unbelievable skills in auto eroticism. Then June
and I would put on a display of self punishment, or sexual abuse, individually.
This might be followed by a bout of unbridled sexual activity involving June and
I alone. The delicious humiliation one suffers when fucking in public is
exquisitely enhanced when it is done by brother and sister, and you know full
well that the watchers all know that you are siblings. It is so deliciously
perverted, so gorgeously depraved, so exquisitely debauched! As the evening
unfolds we engage in bouts of sexual perversion with the sluts, and are savagely
punished by them for the watching pleasure of the membership. More lately, we
are even being used, sexually, by the members as a climax to the orgy of sexual
abandon. Master has allowed this only because he realises that the membership
want it. In fact, Master himself has been known to fuck both June and I during
these orgies, and his little puppy has even been allowed to take part in
exhibitions with us. I shall describe a typical party night, one of those that
stands out in the memory as being especially debauched in its tenor.

By seven in the evening all of the members have gathered in the party room, the
largest room in the chateau. This room is really a theatre, with the display
stage, well lit at one end. There aren't rows of seats however, but a multitude
of low couches, upholstered with shiny soft rubber so that they are not spoiled
by the oceans of sexual fluids that drench them as a result of the unbridled
sexual activity that is undertaken on them.

The members tried to outdo each other in the eroticism of their costumes. Sexy
lingerie that accentuated breasts, pussies, penises and testicles were the order
of the day along, of course, with ensembles of shiny, supple leather that both
enhanced, and reinforced the dominant nature of those members that chose to wear
such adornments. Even the chateau's whores were erotically adorned, rather that
naked as normal, when they were serving the membership. Master's ornate couch
was prominently placed in the centre of the room, and he too dressed in his
dominant best, and his little personal sex slave, puppy, always naked, with only
her dog collar adorning her small body, with its attendant leash firmly in
Master's grasp, was usually crouched on the floor, next to his settee.

The evening always starts with a sexy strip tease being done by the sluts,
either individually, or more frequently as a group. From the sluts' point of
view all this served to do was to render them naked, a state that they always
longed to be in. This would be followed by an exhibition of auto eroticism
involving both the sluts, and June and I, as a group. Such an exhibition starts
with the six sluts lined up on the stage in a semi circular formation. The males
would then commence a bout of cock sucking, each sucking passionately, and
lewdly on his own enormous cock, of course. The females, not to be outdone,
would fold their voluptuous bodies down, and suck, equally wantonly, on their
own bare, dripping pussies.

The members enjoy about ten minutes of this, seeing the sluts tongue their own
arse rings, lap lecherously at stiff cock, and dripping, swollen pussy until
they manage to extract the first orgasms from their seemingly insatiable bodies.
From this point on, June and I become part of the entertainment, and are
intricately involved for the rest of the night, which can, on occasion, last
until the wee small hours of the morning. What follows describes a fairly
typical party night for me:

I stood in the wings of the theatre's stage and watched while the slut's
performed their acrobatic feats of auto eroticism, my own nudity glowing with
excitement, and my long, thick penis, as stiff as steel, arching up my quivering
belly in lewd and wanton arousal. I held the monster dildo in both hands, and my
tight hot arse ring tingled with eager anticipation of its imminent invasion by
that thick rubber length. My sister stood on the other side of the stage, and
held a double version of the fake cock that I held. I could see that her
mountainous tits were already heaving with her excitement as well.

As soon as each of the sluts had exhausted their self induced orgasms, both June
and I skipped out onto the well lit stage, and began to gyrate wildly, flaunting
our nude bodies at the audience with lewd abandon. While June waved her smoothly
depiliated fork at the watchers, and shook her shapely tits for their visual
enjoyment, I, with equally wanton debauchery, waved the stiff stalk of my
acutely aroused penis at them. We both made a show of demonstrating the awesome
size of the dildos we held for the edification of the viewers. We continued our
utterly depraved dance for about five minutes, before our own sluttish longings,
as much as the need to further entertain, overtook us, and we went on to the
main part of our act. In the meantime all of the sluts, lined up behind us, had
again added to the spectacle by renewing their own bouts of erotic self abuse.

We both turned away from the front of the stage in carefully choreographed
unison, bent our torsos forward, causing June's big tits to flop down towards
the polished floor, and my penis to arch downwards as well, and spread our legs
as wide as we could while still maintaining our balance. This posture presented
the avid audience with an obscene display of our respective sexuality, my
throbbing penis, and tight, full, testicles, and June's gaping pussy, wet with
the evidence of her extreme stimulation. We both carefully positioned the heads
of our dildos, June with one blunt head at the gaping mouth of her drooling
pussy pit, and the other nudging the palpitating pout of her arse ring, and me
with my single one pressed firmly into the hard muscled ring of my own tingling
arse loop.

I breathed a huge sigh of contentment, then drove the huge, rubber cock head
past my straining arse ring, whimpering with delicious hurt with the obscene
invasion. Once the mighty head of the enormous rubber prick was fully inside me
I grasped the other end of the dildo in both hands and, with my nude arse slabs
rolling wantonly, drove the full ten inch length of the dildo into the hot,
welcoming depths of my writhing arse pit. I could only imagine what lascivious
pleasure the sight of my poor arse ring being so cruelly stretched open by the
thick dildo was giving to the audience, but for my part, my breath came in huge
gulps, while I lustfully savoured the sheer obscenity of my act of self abuse.

I soon settled down to a steady rhythm of obscenely fucking my cruelly stretched
arsehole with the fat dildo. Using my hands to plunge its length deeply into my
overjoyed arse pit, then allowing the muscles of that hole to ooze its length
back out again, being sure, of course, not to allow my pleasure filled arse ring
to completely expel it. Then plunging it back in with exquisite slowness, so
that the audience had a clear view of my perverted actions.

June, of course, matched my actions with equal depravity, although in her case,
she was plunging two dildos into her body, both cunt and arse. She too, of
course, became much more sexually aroused as one of her dildos was reaming out
her convulsing pussy pit. As time went on the squelching sounds from the dildo
plunging in and out of June's drenched pussy pit soon overcame the more muted
sounds of our gasping breathing.

I was, of course, able to see the audience from between my spread legs. Maids
and valets, dressed in their normal, ridiculously skimpy French maid's costumes,
flitted in and around the couches on which the members lazed, replenishing
drinks and the like. At this early stage they were not being sexually molested
very often, that would come later. The maids and valets, in fact, looked forward
to party nights almost as much as we did, for they were extensively used,
sexually, by the members, and a particularly erotic, and suitable talented
performance might result in the recipient of such to indicate to Master that the
maid or valet should be tested, with a view to joining the ranks of the
chateau's whores, a status that each and every one of them aspired above all
else.

After about ten minutes of this action two sluts detached themselves from
line-up behind us on the stage. The male approached me, and the female, June.
The slut knelt immediately behind me, and arranged his own plush, muscular
nudity so that his lean belly was poised below my head, and his magnificent,
stiff penis arched up towards my face. I gazed at the marvelous specimen of male
sexuality with joy and lust. Its magnificent, velvety skinned head seeped rich,
aromatic juices profusely, and the erotic aroma soon flooded my senses
completely, and had me yearning to taste such fabulous sexuality. The posture of
the slut allowed me to wedge my shoulders against him, thus adding stability to
my precarious balance.

This in turn, of course, meant that I could attend to the self rape of my
pleasure filled arsehole with increasing vigor, which I did with no thought for
my well being. The enormous dildo flashed in and out of my aching pit with ever
increasing velocity, and I loved it, no, adored it! I lowered my head a little,
and soon the hot juicy head of the slut's magnificent penis, and about two
inches of its stem was engulfed in my adoring mouth. I was in heaven! I adore
sucking penis, as you well know, but to be doing it before such an avid audience
filled me with submissive, and wanton joy. The rich, luscious flavours of male
sexuality consumed me totally, and my licentious elation was completed when the
huge penis began to eject small quantities of delectable precum into my adoring,
and passionately sucking mouth, for me to savour and swallow with lecherous
delight.

The whore reached one hand through my spread legs and firmly grasped the stem of
my hot, throbbing penis in his fist and began to vigorously masturbate me. My
penis throbbed and pulsated with the intensity of the pleasure that his wanking
fist gave me. I was able to see, reflected in a mirror, that the female slut was
similarly attending to the lewdly rutting June. June's eager tongue was
diligently flicking at the shiny stalk of the slut's large clitoris, while the
slut's fingers expertly masturbated June's own burgeoning clitoral shaft.

The wanton action continued until all four of us hovered on the edge of sexual
explosion. The slut, when he judged that he could no longer contain himself,
dropped his hips a couple on inches. I was filled with anguish when he did this,
for it meant that his penis escaped the confines of my lewdly sucking mouth. I
stared down at the fabulously stimulated penis in chagrin, noting that its slit
was already beginning to flare. Of some small consolation was the fact that my
long tongue was still able to flick at the penis head, and I began to do so,
whipping the spongy meat with feral intensity. At the same time the slut's fist
literally flashed up and down the pulsating length of my own pleasure filled
stalk of male lust.

It was all too much for all of us, and I squealed in pleasure when the slit of
the slut's cock head dilated mightily, and a powerful stream of rich, potent
testicle juice gushed from it and onto my wildly wriggling tongue, bathing it in
a flood of luscious cream. The first wild spurt was so powerful that it splashed
wetly against the back of my throat. Stars of sheer ecstasy exploded in my
brain, and I gulped wildly, not wanting to waste one precious drop of that
erotic elixir. Simultaneously, my own penis erupted in climax, and stream after
stream of my own ball cream flowed from its spasming tip, and splashed down onto
the floor below.

When the power of the slut's eruptions began to wane he again raised his hips,
and I was able to envelope the head of his climaxing penis in my eager mouth. I
sucked passionately while my prick was efficiently drained, and wallowed in the
absolute depravity of my situation. While the male slut and I were surrendering
to our perversity, so were June and her slut lover. Their spasming, convulsing
pussies had surrendered to their knowing tongue and fingers, and each poured out
her slut juices in a fit of sexual abandon.

When it was over the remaining sluts moved forward and largely blocked our
bodies from view, then continued to cavort wildly for the entertainment of the
audience. The two sluts disengaged themselves from June and I, and joined their
colleagues. June and I, still wallowing in the pleasure of our unbridled sexual
explosions, collapsed onto the floor of the stage drawing huge breaths into our
heaving chests, and recovering, slowly from the intensity of our lewdly
extracted orgasms. Within a few moments my temporarily sated penis was again
fully erect, its moist skin shining with the residue of my climax.

June grinned at me with utter wantonness. She knew what was to be our next
involvement in this never ending tableau of depraved debauchery, and also knew
that it would be she, and not I, who would delight in it the most, for she would
climax over and over, and I would be denied any release what so ever. June also
was required, during this display of obscene depravity, to voice her wanton
delight for the audience's listening entertainment. My chance to do this was to
come later, at the climax of the exhibition. While I was contemplating this a
footman came over to us and quickly, and with impersonal efficiency tightly
strapped an orgasm preventer to the base of my achingly stiff penis. The
preventer was also equipped with a testicle presenter which clasped and
separated each of my swollen testicles, and presented them in the most lewd
manner immaginable.

When she saw that I was prepared June gave the sluts a pre-arranged signal, and
they again moved back to the rear of the stage, while we moved forward into the
bright spot light, and once again became the centre of attention. June stood up
and turned away from the audience. She spread her long legs wide, and bent her
trunk forward, steadying herself with both hands on the floor of the stage. Her
lovely big tits drooped down erotically, and were clearly displayed to the
watchers.

I also stood up and went around to the back of June. I made sure that my legs
were also well spread, so as to not deny the audience their view of June's
hanging tits, not to mention her obscenely leering face. I stared down at the
wonderfully sexy sight of her shapely bottom cheeks, split lewdly by her stance,
which bared her tight anal pout, although it was not as tight as it could be,
and still showed the evidence of its recent invasion by huge dildo. And below
this was, of course, the pulpy lips of her hairless pussy, swollen and gaping
with lust, and glistening with her succulent sex juices. Without any delay I
drove the entire length of my aching penis into her hot, wet, velvety pussy pit.
I almost swooned with pleasure while June's fabulous pussy pit clutched at my
pulsating length, and squeezed it with feral intensity. I sobbed out my pleasure
while plunging my rigid penis in and out of that heavenly passion pit, sighing
helplessly as my swollen testicles writhed in sheer frustration at not being
allowed to release their juices.

"Fuck my slut cunt pit hard, slave brother!" June squealed in ecstasy. "Fuck it
hard! Fuck it deep! Fuck it faster! Fuck it faster!" She continued in a frenzy
of wanton lust. "My slave cunt pit is exploding in depraved, debauched ecstasy!
My slave cooze tunnel is filled with hard, hot, throbbing slave fuck stick, and
I love it! I adore it! I'm coming! I'm coming! The slave fuck stick of my slave
brother has made my lewd slave cunt cave explode in wanton delight!" June cried
as she climaxed with unbelievable intensity. So intense was her orgasm, I had to
grab hold of her rutting arse cheeks to stop her from actually knocking me off
my feet. Not withstanding June's shattering orgasm, I continued to plunge my
pulsing penis in and out of her writhing pussy pit without letup, and soon her
next climax was building, and she changed the tenure of her obscene commentary.

"Fuck me harder, slave pig!" She demanded. "A slut, please! A slut to whip this
slave pig's rutting arse slabs hard, to make him fuck me deeper! Whip the slave
pig's rolling arse mounds hard, to make him fuck my slave cunt pit faster!" I
noticed, despite my utter concentration on what I was doing, a slut detach
himself from the line-up at the rear of the stage and disappear into the wings.
The next thing I knew was that my sweating arse cheeks exploded in pain, as they
were cruelly whipped with a cat and nine tales, the heavy leather strands
stinging my meat horrifically. If it were possible to actually fuck June and
harder, or any deeper, I certainly did as the whip fell over and over, filling
my rutting, rolling arse slabs with delicious pain.

I fucked June with every once of vigor immaginable, to the continuos whipping of
my flying arse mounds, until she had orgasmed three times. She kept up the same
obscene banter all the time, perhaps for the sheer enjoyment of being able to do
so, as much as to endeavor to improve my performance. A severely restricted
vocabulary can be a heart rending loss when it is as strictly enforced as it is
with us, and any release from that restriction is mightily enjoyed, as a result.

As soon as June's spasming pussy pit had fully expended its third explosion of
ecstasy I withdrew my aching penis from its flooded depths, to a shriek of
disappointment from June. Then without any delay, drove the glistening pole of
sheer lust straight up her arsehole, to the very hilt, drawing a high pitched
squeal of renewed lust from her. My slave sister's hot tight arse pit clutched
wildly at my throbbing length while I drove it relentlessly in and out of her
elastic rear chute with the same vigor that I had used when fucking her
succulent pussy.

June reacted in the same way, exhorting me to ream out her writhing arsehole
with ever more vigor, imploring me to fuck her hot arse pit deeper, and faster.
The whip still slapped into my rolling, rutting, reddened arse slabs, but now
with less force, and with less and less frequency, as if I didn't need any
artificial prompting to fuck that hole with the utmost lust and depravity. June
braced her leaning body with one hand while she was so passionately arse fucked,
and delved into her swampy pussy split with the fingers of the other. Soon she
was busy alternating between squeezing the erect spike of her stiff clitoris,
and burying her entire hand in the depths of her convulsing pussy pit. The
wanton slave also, each time her hand was fully loaded with a coating of her
pussy juices, lewdly painted the swaying mounds of her hanging tits with the
juices of her own depravity.

I relentlessly, and ruthlessly reamed out June's rolling arse until my penis had
spasmed in dry climax three times, causing my lewdly separated testicles to
swell to ever more grotesque proportions, and to ache with feral intensity,
before I finally tore my penis from the hot depths.  The fucked out slave
collapsed to her knees before my heaving nudity. She grasped the base of my
jutting penis in one hand, and began to slide her wriggling tongue up and down
its pulsating length, savouring the sexual flavours of her own pussy, and
arsehole.

June lapped up and down the length of my jutting penis until it shone with her
saliva, rather than the juices of her wanton sexuality. She caused me to whimper
with hurt when the fingers of her other hand squeezed the swollen masses of my
trapped testicles in time with the licking of her wriggling tongue. Then the
lewd slave swallowed my penis whole, demonstrating to the audience that she was
capable of eating slave penis with the best of them. She sucked me with all the
passion of the insatiable slut that she was, until a further three dry climaxes
were wrenched from my sexually tormented nudity.

Then the three male sluts dismounted the raised platform at the rear of the
stage, and came forward to where we were still performing. They grabbed June's
sweating nudity, and dragged her to the front of the stage. While they were
doing so I retreated to the rear of the stage and mounted the raised platform
where the female sluts remained, cavorting lewdly, and knelt in front of them
with my knees wide spread and my aching penis jutting out lewdly while I
lasciviously rutted and rolled my hips.

Almost before I was in position, drawing deep breaths to recover from the recent
bout of sexual debauchery, the three male sluts had begun to use June. One penis
was driven deeply into her drenched pussy, another driven, to the hilt up her
writhing arsehole, and the third plunged deeply into her gaping mouth. The three
sluts then commenced to fuck all of June's holes with depraved vigor and wanton
lust. Huge penises lunged in and out of all of her holes of depravity, and she
was soon climaxing, over and over, her muffled squeals of delight clearly
audible as she came and came under the combined sexual assault of the seemingly
indefatigable sex sluts.

From time to time a pair of voluptuous tits would be dangled above my head, and
I was able to suck on the big stiff teats that capped their enormous masses. I
noted that the orgy among the audience was, by this time, well under way. Each
of the rubber coated couches seemed to be occupied by groups involved in all
forms of sexual activity. At this early stage the individual groupings followed
normal sexual orientation. That is to say that lesbians were sucking, and being
sucked by female whores, and the odd maid, homosexuals were sucking whore, or
valet penis, or fucking male whore or valet arsehole, and vice versa, while
heterosexuals were fucking or sucking members of the opposite sex.

I sucked the big teats of the female sluts while June was relentlessly gang
fucked at the front of the stage. It was as if the male sluts wanted to
completely satiate her sexually. This, of course, was literally impossible for
June has no sexual limits, at least none that had been approached in her life to
date. But they could, and did physically exhaust her, and when they were
finished I looked at them dragging her exhausted nudity back towards the rear of
the stage with a sense of pride, for two of the male sluts' penises were at half
mast, which was a rare sight to see for they had enormous reserves of sexual
energy that ensured that, in sexual situations, their penises always remained
strongly erect.

While June was being deposited at the rear of the stage, kneeling in front of
the sluts who had fucked her so completely and relentlessly, her long,
lascivious tongue was busily employed cleaning as much of the thick, slut, prick
juice from around her lips as she was able. As for the rest of her plush nudity,
it looked like it had been in a sexual storm. Her full tits were glistening with
sex juices, both male, and her own, and liberal quantities of both drenched her
splayed open fork, and dribbled from both of her holes of depravity. Her well
fucked cunt split was red and swollen from its recent ordeal, and her arsehole
still gaped lewdly.

The female sluts manipulated my own nudity until I lay flat on the floor, then a
hot cunt enveloped my raging erection. I sighed with delight when my aching
length was squeezed by the elastic cunt pit of a slut. The slut then began to
languidly fuck herself on my throbbing penis with slow erotic passion. A pair of
voluptuous thighs closed around my face, and my eager mouth and tongue were fed
a spicy cunt split, which I began to suck with feral passion immediately it was
in range of my wanton mouth. One of my hands was firmly grasped at the wrist and
the next thing I felt was my fist being plunged into a hot, writhing cunt pit.

The female sluts then began the long ordeal of fucking themselves senseless on
my huge penis. They had full reign, of course, because the strap capturing the
thick base of my penis would not allow it to either ejaculate, or soften. My
mouth spent the next half an hour or so plastered against drooling cunt, while
climax after climax racked the bodies of the female sluts, either through the
agency of my sucking mouth, or through the plunging of my aching penis. I too,
came and came, until it was sheer torture for me, and my testicles swelled and
swelled until they were literally bursting with sap, and ached ferociously.

I lost myself in the sheer depravity of our orgiastic couplings. My taste buds
were completely overwhelmed by female sex. My jutting penis was filled with so
much pleasure that it became pain, and I wallowed in it. The female sluts, like
their male counterparts, were seemingly insatiable, and my fork dripped with the
juices of their never ending orgasms. After what seemed an eon, during which I
thought I would pass out on many occasions, they finally tired, and my sweating
nudity was dragged to the rear of the stage. My skin glistened with the sticky
juices of cunt and my poor penis looked as though it had been subjected to a
fierce whipping, rather than a relentless bout of cunt pit fucking, so red and
grotesquely swollen was it.

At this point the sluts left the stage to join the general orgy, and June and I
were left alone. We inched forward on our knees, rutting our hips lewdly, and
obscenely displaying our depraved sexuality to any in the audience who happened
to glance at us. We were slowly recovering from our excesses of sexual frenzy,
June more apparent than I, for she had had more time, but counterbalancing this,
of course, was the fact that I had not had any release, in the real sense of the
term, although I was at least as physically taxed as she had been.

Master unleashed his little puppy, and the tiny hermaphrodite skipped up onto
the stage, cleverly evading the few clutching hands that attempted to arrest her
progress. As she dodged through the couches her lovely round tits bounced
sexily, and her stiff penis swayed erotically. When the nude creature arrived
she turned from the room and prepared to receive the obscene ritual of June and
my homage to her. She bent at the waist, and caused her gorgeous bottom cheeks
to split lasciviously.

June was first to demonstrate her submission to the bizarre slave who doubled as
our overseer. She slipped her beautiful face between those deliciously chubby
little bottom cheeks, and glued her lips to the crinkled pout of puppy's anal
ring. I could only guess at what June's soft, lascivious tongue was doing but,
from the look of utter delight on puppy's face, it was definitely to her liking.
June paid homage to puppy's anal orifice for a couple of minutes before it was
my turn to humiliate myself so deliciously.

I shuffled over to the hermaphrodite and slipped my own face between her
gorgeous bottom cheeks, thrilling to the warm flesh that pressed against my
face. With surges of delightful humiliation consuming me I pressed my lips to
the pungent, spicy, intimate orifice with love and devotion. Puppy's little
arsehole is the sweetest I have ever tasted, and I can never get enough of it.
Soon my tongue had insistently wormed its way into her hot arse tunnel, and I
lapped and laved at its writhing walls in utter happiness. The bizarre puppy's
arse pit massaged my tongue delightfully, sending me to submissive paradise, and
it was puppy, rather than I, who eventually broke the intimate, and obscene
contact.

Puppy then repositioned her nudity to receive from June and I an even more
intimate display of sexual submission to her bizarre body. My mouth watered with
longing while I watched the little hermaphrodite get into a position that would
ensure that the audience would be given the best possible view of our combined
depravity. Oh how I loved party nights! How I adored being permitted to lose my
submissive being in acts of sheer unadulterated sexual debauchery, even if the
sole purpose of my perverted acts was to entertain others. It didn't matter!
What mattered was that I could indulge myself without inhibition, display my
wanton lusts with eager exhibitionism, and to wallow in my lewd and wanton lusts
with impunity.

When in position, puppy faced the gathering at an oblique angle, and had her
shapely legs spread as widely as possible. This caused the stalk of her stiff
penis to arch out in full view of the audience. It also allowed her plump pussy
lips, glistening with the evidence of her extreme arousal, to droop alluringly,
and visibly, from below that aching stalk of male lust. June took up her
position, crouching low between puppy's splayed thighs with her face pointing up
to those lovely smooth pussy lips, the lewd slave's soft tongue already
protruding lasciviously from her eager mouth.

I took up my position next to the hermaphrodite, and just off to one side. My
eyes gazed lovingly at the jutting pole of her penis, and drools of obscene lust
dribbled down my chin, such was the level of my wanton lust. My posture, of
course, would allow my mouth to suck that sexy penis without obscuring the view
of June attending to the dripping pussy in similar fashion. Once all was in
readiness we began.

I sighed with submissive happiness when the head of the juicy penis disappeared
into my eternally welcoming mouth, and my taste buds were inundated with the
luscious flavours that it exuded. I plunged my lips right down to the root of
the gorgeous penis in sheer delight. Oh how I adored the exquisite sensations,
both physical and mental, that having my mouth filled with hot, hard penis gave
me. I wallowed in my submissive joy while my talented tongue began to tease the
hard hot meat of the lovely penis.

At the same time I was able to see June's skilled tongue plowing wetly between
the swollen lips of pussy's succulent cunt split. My lewd sister tongued the
drooling pussy with the same joy that I sucked at the throbbing penis. We both
went at our lewd and lascivious tasks with depraved eagerness. We worked
tirelessly to pleasure our bizarre slave dominator. Her pleasure, at that time,
was our sole reason for being. I even forgot, for a time, that my erotic actions
were entertaining  a sexually frenzied audience of consummate hedonists as well.
I didn't care! I was in the state I adored to be in! My mouth was full of
delicious penis! That was all that mattered!

We sucked and sucked, and the lecherous puppy made us work for her pleasure. She
was not about to let herself go, and surrender to the supreme talents of our
submissive mouths too quickly. This was as much to entertain the members as it
was to eke out her pleasure to the fullest. I buzzed with utter joy and
happiness while my mouth plunged up and down on the delicious penis, and my
flicking tongue teased its hot harness with unrestrained passion. But in the end
we were just too lascivious for her, and I watched, my passionate mouth never
missing a beat, while her pussy convulsed wildly, and surrendered a deluge of
spicy cunt cream to June's avid mouth. Then the penis in my mouth jerked wildly,
and my throat was bathed in a flood of the hermaphrodite's steamy prick juice. I
swallowed with eager joy, savouring the delicious ambiance of the cream with
utter delight.

June and I drained little puppy completely, then teased her penis and pussy back
to full arousal. Puppy then thrust our heads away from her crotch and left the
stage. Puppy, this time, didn't make it back to Master, and I watched as a male
member drove his long thick penis deeply into the delicious arsehole that I had
tongue kissed so passionately. Another member, also male, swallowed puppy's
stiff penis into his eager mouth and began to suck on it with eager lust. Also,
by this time, the orgy among the members had degenerated into a free for all. No
longer were the participants grouped by sexual preference. Confirmed lesbians
were sucking penis, or being fucked as if they were born to it. Homosexuals were
sucking pussy, or fucking female arsehole with the same uninhibited lust that
they normally reserved for other males.

The lights on the stage suddenly dimmed, and my heart fluttered with
anticipation. The climax of our exhibition was approaching. June and I had but
two more acts to perform, and both were eagerly anticipated. My masochistic
juices were beginning to flow while I waited for footmen to set up the stage for
us. As a final preparation a footman quickly placed each of us in full, bent arm
bondage, then reached down to my jutting penis, and freed it from its sexual
bondage. My penis pulsed wildly when the pressure of the strap was released, and
it took all of my famed control to prevent it from spurting, such was the
pressure that had built up in my enormously swollen testicles.

The lights came up once again, and our kneeling nudities, still bearing the
obvious signs of the unbridled sexual excesses that we had been so relentlessly,
and constantly subjected to over the past three or so hours, rutted with sublime
depravity, at the watching audience. Behind each of us two intricate whipping
machines had been installed. These bizarre structures were not equipped with any
form of bondage equipment. We were expected to submit to their painful embraces
entirely voluntarily, and, of course, we would do so without demure. Indeed we
would submit with sheer delight, for we are both consummate masochists and adore
our suffering at all times. Although I must admit that, when being punished, I
love to be held in severe bondage, it adds to the feeling of helplessness that I
have come to adore while the pain consumes me.

The intensity of the orgy underway waned appreciably as soon as the stage was
again well lit. The members knew what was coming, and most of them were
obviously eager to watch us debase ourselves so obscenely. With this in mind
June and I both struggled to our feet, and turned to contemplate the structures
that had been designed specifically to allow us to inflict savage punishment on
ourselves. It must be said, however, that the punishing machines were not
totally brutal, their purposes being essentially to entertain, rather than just
to inflict savage pain.

June's machine consisted of three whipping implements, a pair of flexible straps
were set up to whip her large firm tits from either side. These straps were also
dripping with oil which was automatically fed to them by a pair of oil filled
bulbs that acted in much the same fashion as lamp wicks. A heavier strap was
positioned to apply strokes to her bottom cheeks, and a final strap, somewhere
between the tit straps and arse strap in flexibility, was positioned so as to
whip her cunt split. All the straps were driven by spindles attached to electric
motors. The tit and arse whips were swung horizontally from the sides of the
structure, and the cunt split whip spun in a vertical pattern.

The structure that was to inflict its punishment on me was in many ways similar
to June's. The main exceptions were the lower, motor driven whips, the ones that
would punish my penis and testicles. My structure had identical straps to whip
my masculine tits and arse slabs, although the tit whips were not oiled. Two
flexible straps, these oiled, were attached to spindles that also, as well as
spinning, were designed to move back and forth about nine inches or so. These
two oiled straps were to whip up and down the length of my stiff penis which
would be presented to them by means of a small bar that would serve to bend the
hard prick out horizontally. The final flexible strap was similar to the one
designed to whip June's cunt split, but in my case, of course, it would inflict
punishment on my fat, grotesquely swollen balls.

Both structures were designed to contain our naked bodies within their tubular
metal frames, and to present them to the waiting whips in the most vulnerable
manner. To inject a further dose of humiliation for June and I into the scene,
each of our punishment structures had a bizarre trigger mechanism designed to
both start the whips flying, then to control the ferocity with which they were
swung. In June's case this was a perfectly crafted rubber pussy, splayed open
and appearing to glisten, just like the real thing. This facsimile of an aroused
female sex had a line of thin copper wire reaching into its depths. When a
tongue met this wire the motors of the structure were designed to spring into
action and, the further the tongue sank into the rubberised pussy pit, the
faster the acceleration of the motors. In my case a rubber penis was installed,
and equipped with a similar wire. The deeper the fake prick was sucked into a
mouth, the faster the whips on my structure would spin.

I surveyed the structure with a real sense of masochistic elation, my huge,
swollen, achingly stiff penis throbbed with servile lust, and the deep seated
ache in my fabulously distended testicles intensified in anticipation of the
coming pain and anguish. Both June and I quickly stepped into the embrace of our
respective punishment structures. When we were in position we both stood, spread
legged, in the centre of the series of metal tubes, with those parts of our
anatomies to be punished placed in the perfect position to receive their
punishment. June's face was poised below the rubber pussy, and mine just below
the stiff rubber penis.

While June reached up and lapped at the pussy entrance, I also reached up and
lewdly tongued the perfectly formed head of my rubber prick. The sounds from the
orgy had, by this time, faded away to almost complete silence. The audience were
gazing up at the stage in awed rapture and, I suspect, taking a break from their
unbridled sexual activity, recharging their batteries for a renewed bout of
frenzied, orgiastic lust once our final exhibition was over.

The tip of my tongue touched the wire. The heavy strap swung slowly, but
forcefully, and slapped loudly when it smashed against the cheeks of my arse,
Two straps, almost simultaneously slapped the flesh of my tits. Then the
dripping straps lashed into the stalk of my bent out penis, and the strap rising
from below my splayed open fork lashed the firm masses of my bulging balls. I
whimpered with hurt, but had no time to contemplate my suffering before all once
again whipped me, then continued over and over, while I sucked the head of the
rubber penis with helpless longing.

Out of the corner of my eye I could see that June was being treated to the same
painful ordeal. Her heavy tits bounced wildly as the straps pounded them with
each turn of the motor that drove them, and they were soon glistening with the
oil that the whips were applying to their creamy, although slowly reddening
masses. Her lovely bottom cheeks were being pounded, and her drooling pussy was
being savagely lashed to complete her gorgeous anguish.

I lovingly, and helplessly sucked the rubber penis head, and thrilled to the
pain that assailed my naked body. The assault on my body was not brutal at this
stage, merely a beautiful, but relentless stinging. My prick pulsed with it
while the straps lashed it strongly, punishing it thoroughly, while, at the same
time covering its swollen length with the oils until it shone bizarrely, and
drops of the oily substance were flying from it with each stroke. My balls felt
as though they would literally bust each time the strap lashed into them. My
mind was filled with delicious masochistic elation. I loved it, loved it!

Muffled squeals came from June, and I glanced across to see that the beautiful,
lust filled masochist had driven her tongue as deeply as possible into the
rubber pussy pit, causing the whips that lashed her plush nudity to go into over
drive. Her lush tits, voluptuous bottom cheeks, and red, swollen cunt split were
all being mercilessly thrashed with frightening force. Her whole body shuddered
with her suffering, yet she was still trying, hopelessly, to drive her tongue
even deeper into the rubber pussy pit in a helpless endeavor to increase the
ferocity of her whipping.

My own heart pounded with masochistic happiness while I too, thrust my face up
as far as possibly, and swallowed the entire length of the rubber penis. My
prick, balls, arse slabs and tits all exploded in pain. I couldn't believe how
ferociously I was now being whipped. My wails of anguish were almost entirely
muffled by the penis while I wallowed in masochistic lust, and reveled in my
suffering. The whips lashed me with utter savagely and I absorbed the fabulous
pain in sheer delight. My mouth sucked wildly on the rubber penis buried so
obscenely down my gulping throat, as if to further increase the savagery of the
flying whips. They thrashed and flayed my pain soaked flesh with gorgeous
intensity. I couldn't get enough! It had to go on forever, for there was no way
that I was even contemplating relinquishing the penis! I would suck it for
eternity if only the whips would never stop!

Time seemed to stand still for me. I reveled in the fall of the whips on my
agonised flesh. Gloried in my pain and suffering. I would have remained so for
ever, and had no intention of relinquishing the rubber prick I sucked with so
much masochistic rapture. Master must have known that this would be the case
for, after what seemed an eternity, but in reality was probably no longer that a
quarter of an hour or so, the whips ceased to fall. I sucked helplessly on the
rubber prick. What was happening! I was sucking! I was sucking! But the whips
were not punishing me! Why! Why! Why was Master being so cruel! So heartless!
Master knew that I needed my punishment!

Both June and I stood in our receptive punishment structures hopelessly and
passionately sucking at the triggers, in our endeavors to have the whips return
to their ferocious whipping of our bodies. After a minute or so we both finally
realised that they were not going to start up again, and with extreme
reluctance, surrendered the triggers, and stepped, on wobbly legs, from the
structures. Our brains were so finely tuned to our masochistic elation that we
both, almost with mesmeric instinct, moved to the final positions we had planned
to adopt for the climax of our performance.

We hobbled up to the front of the stage, our bodies still thrilling to the after
glow of our punishment. June slipped down onto her knees, her well whipped tits
bouncing heavily, and glistening with oil. A look of sheer bliss crossed her
lovely features when she speared her tight arsehole, and drooling cunt pit on
the two enormous dildos that sprouted up from the floor of the stage. She
wriggled her whip welted arse cheeks until each long, thick rubber cocks were
buried up her holes, to the hilt. The dildos were to serve a dual purpose. They
would, of course, serve to bring the lewd slut off in the most obscene manner
immaginable, but they would also serve to help her keep her balance while she
brought me off, for she was to extract my orgasm with her oiled tits. She was to
tit whip me to gushing climax for the entertainment of the audience.

It would be so deliciously obscene, so gorgeously depraved, so exquisitely
perverted, to be publicly tit whipped to climax, while being watched by an eager
audience. My submissive brain buzzed with excitement as I moved into the
position required for this act to be performed. I stood in front of my kneeling
sister slave, whose striped arse was already swinging, driving those huge dildos
relentlessly in and out of her holes of perverted depravity. When in position my
arching penis was poised in front of, and almost between her full tits.

June gazed up at me with sheer lascivious wanton lust shining in her eyes. She
leered lecherously, then began to slowly roll her shoulders. I gasped in
pleasure when the well oiled masses of her swollen tits began to sensuously
batter the standing stalk of my throbbing penis. The pleasure was exquisite as
the slippery, warm tit meat slid over and around my pulsating penis. I gasped
with delight, and struggled to maintain my motionless posture while being
subjected to such intense pleasure.

Soon I was helplessly squealing out my pleasure, my squeals being challenged by
those of my sister slave as she relentlessly fucked herself on the dildos.
June's arse was rutting wildly by this time, and her tits were literally flying
as she shook her upper body with feral vigor. Her flying tits slapped loudly
into my pulsating stalk of lust with such force that they were almost causing it
to bend. Then, with a shriek of utter ecstasy I began to climax. A stream of
creamy ball juice erupted from the tip of my spasming penis. The column of pale
testicle cream rose up above my gasping face, and reached a height of six feet
before it splashed down on our writhing, climaxing nudities. The ecstasy was so
intense that I almost fainted. Stream after stream of steaming lust juice gushed
from the flared tip of my erupting penis, and soon both of our rutting bodies
dripped with it. I came and came. I could not believe the intensity of my
climax, nor its longevity. The lights of the stage began to dim as it finally
began to lose its intensity, until we were finally immersed in complete
darkness.

My chest heaved with the breaths that I gasped, utterly sated, while my cock
stilled, and began to lose some of its steel. A footman came to us even as the
wild applause of the audience was still loud in my ears. He took us back to our
cells and then we were permitted to clean our own bodies, given that all of the
valets and maids were still engaged in the orgy, and we were permitted to sleep.
We slept the sleep of the utterly physically and mentally exhausted, and dreamed
dreams of submission and humiliation, and perverted sexual excess, and longed
for the next day to come, so that we could do it all over again.




Chapter 11 - A Male Fantasy - John's Story

I knelt, submissively, and naked, before Master, my hands clasped behind my
head, and my knees well spread. Tears trickled from the corners of my eyes and
ran down my cheeks while I contemplated the pain in my achingly stiff penis, and
the awful ache in my battered and bruised testicles. Master had just finished
punishing me for my despicable performance during a recent event where he had
put me to work sucking penis for a group of his male friends. Master had
inquired of the man who I was currently kneeling before whether I was sucking
his penis passionately enough for his pleasure. The man replied that he thought
that I was being wooden in my efforts, and that it appeared to him that I was
sucking like an automaton.

Master was furious. It didn't matter to him that this was the fiftieth penis I
had sucked off so far that evening. To him, and quite rightly too, I should be
as passionate, and devoted to the penis I worshipped with at least as much
enthusiasm as I had with the first I had sucked, even if it was the fiftieth,
hundredth, or even the thousandth, I had been honoured to suck in the session.
There was no excuse, and I knew that I would suffer terribly when Master got me
home. Needless to say, I renewed the ardor with which my mouth sucked on the
hot, hard penis, and soon its creamy essence was sliding down my gulping throat.

Master had commenced my punishment by administering a vicious thrashing to my
testicles with a multi stranded wire whip. He had then applied twenty brutal
strokes of the cane to the length of my penis, ten delivered to the top, and the
other ten to the more sensitive under side. The cruel punishment was completed
when Master flogged the spongy head of my abused penis with a vicious riding
whip. Master was leering down at me while he watched me suffer, then he
announced:

"Let that be a lesson to you, pig! When I honour you by permitting you to
worship dominant penis I expect nothing short of perfection. If a man wants a
mechanical suck, he'll buy himself a sex doll, but when he has a slave sucking
him, he should expect to be sucked with such passion that he'll remember his
pleasure for years afterwards. And don't think, hog, that this is to be the sum
of your punishment. Far from it, it is merely the beginning!" Master continued,
while I gazed up at him with pleading eyes.

"For the next week, every day, you are to be installed at my sex club. I have
had a special booth set up to contain you. For sixteen hours each day you will
worship and adore penis. You will verbally debase yourself before penis, and
pleasure penis with your mouth continually. You will be viewed by an audience
the entire time, and the members of that audience will be instructed to report
on any flagging, or less that total devotion and submission on your part. The
men who's penises you worship and pleasure will also be quizzed on your
performance. Needless to say any derogatory report, no matter how insignificant,
will result in punishment of truly awesome proportions for you."

My well punished penis throbbed with pain while my eyes pleaded with Master to
make my punishment even more degrading, and even more cruel. Master smirked down
at me, then continued, "Your arse will be made available to any who wish to
fuck, it free of charge, so I expect that it will be well used, and it had
better be on top form, or it will be whipped to shreds. And as for this," He
said, pointing down at my huge erection, "I have had made the severest chastity
pouch immaginable. Your slug, pig, will be kept in this restrictive fashion for
the entire week, only freed so you can piss once a day."

At this point a Whip Master entered the room leading my sister slave, who
crawled along behind him, her large tits swaying heavily with her lewdly mincing
gait. Master turned his attention to her as soon as the two were in the room.
"Bitch!" He instructed, "I want this pig's slug brought off over and over." He
announced, tapping the side of my penis with his whip, "I want these completely,
and utterly drained. Drained as they have never been before!" He continued,
slapping my abused testicles with the whip. "You have three hours, bitch, and
will be supervised by the Whip Master. He will punish you severely if he thinks
you are not doing a good job. Remember, bitch, you are not bringing the pig off
for his pleasure, but rather, you will be working to completely exhaust his
lurid prick slug, so that it is an appropriate state to be put into total
chastity."

Just before he left the room Master once again turned his attention to me. "I
can't have you having a normal prick slug to contemplate while you are
worshipping, pig! Your own putrid lust can not be allowed to distract you from
the reason for your perverted existence. To worship, adore, and submit utterly,
to dominant penis!" With that Master swept from the room. The Whip Master
quickly placed my nudity in total body bondage. When he was finished I couldn't
move a muscle. My head was placed in a total sensory deprivation helmet,
depriving me of sight, sound, taste, and the ability to communicate. My huge
penis arched out from my crotch completely at the mercy of my sister.

Without any delay my sister swallowed the entire length of my bursting penis in
her hot wet mouth. The lewd slave sucked with a passion, and I exploded with
ecstasy. She sucked and sucked until I flooded her throat with an ocean of ball
cream. This had no effect on her, she continued to suck, her fingers squeezing
my testicles insistently, and one hand stropping my penis stem while her tongue
lashed its swollen tip. Almost before I knew it I was hosing a fresh load of
penis juice down her gulping throat. The lewd bitch drove three fingers up my
arse while her insatiable mouth sucked me along towards a third explosion. I was
beside myself with pleasure, deprived of any distraction as I was.

My sister sucked and sucked, wanked and wanked, then sucked some more. I came
and came, and my testicles were beginning to ache fabulously. By the time the
efficient slut had extracted the fifth load, my testicles were swinging wildly
between my legs, with her insistent stropping. It obviously became more and more
difficult for her, the more times she made me come, and it had certainly become
less than pleasurable for me, to the point that it was becoming sheer torment.
At the end of the three hours the lewd whore had brought me off ten times, and I
was totally, and completely sexually exhausted.

When the helmet was removed from my head, and I was able to see once again I
found that my sister slave had already left, and I was alone with the Whip
Master. He grinned sadistically at me when he showed me the black patent leather
chastity. My heart pounded with dread at the ridiculously small pouch. How could
it contain my penis and testicles, even when they were as soft and exhausted as
they now were. My penis is nine inches long, and my testicles are each the size
of duck eggs. If this pouch were successfully to contain them then the whole
mass would be reduced to the size of a single duck egg.

The Whip Master, still grinning mockingly began to put the chastity on me. I
gazed down in wonder while he worked. He began by lacing the bottom of the pouch
tightly around the base of my penis, and behind my testicles. He then poked and
prodded my limp meat into the confines of the tiny leather pouch, lacing it up
as he went. He worked relentlessly, and soon my penis and testicles were being
savagely crushed and began to ache painfully, especially my soft, empty
testicles. With almost a cry of triumph the Whip Master tied off the laces, and
leant back to inspect his work. I stared down in total awe at what he had done.
Where once there had hung a penis, and a set of testicles the size of which I
was immensely proud, was now replaced by what looked like a small black bulb
that had been glued to my hairless crotch.

The terrible ache that had at first assailed me when my penis and testicles had
been so grotesquely squeezed into the tiny leather pouch had waned to a mere
irritation. What was infinitely more demeaning and degrading than the actual
discomfort was, of course, the ridiculous size that my captive sex had been
reduced to. Any one looking into my crotch now would think that I was almost a
neutered slave, rather than the hell hung one that I actually was. I found out
later that Master had been so pleased with my sister's excellent job of
softening me up so that this was even possible, that he decided to reward that
slut as well, and what a reward it was!

He had interrupted Mistress, who was casually whipping the slave's big tits for
her pure amusement. Then he had announced that she was to be transported to his
waterfront brothel forth with. He had already arranged, and publicized the fact
that a slave was to be installed in the brothel's gang banging room, and that
her services were to be free of charge for twelve hours. She was to be gang
fucked in all her lewd holes non stop for that entire time. There was to be no
let up what so ever, no rest for the bitch, period. He wanted her fucked so
thoroughly that she would be able to think of nothing else but the next stiff
cock to plunge into her slattern cooze, or to be driven up her spasming arse
pit, or to be plunged down her wildly gulping throat. My wanton sister would
have been beside herself with lust at Master's plans for her. She loved nothing
better, other than absorbing cruel punishment, than to be subjected to
relentless gang banging.

The cruel Whip Master did not even bother to remove me from my bondage after he
had put me into my grotesque chastity. He merely hefted my stringently bound
nudity, effortlessly, onto a shoulder, and carried me out to the limousine. I
was deposited, without ceremony, into the large rubber coated trunk of the car
for the trip to the club. While we drove through the city streets I contemplated
my fate while I lay in the dark interior of the trunk. The mere thought of what
was to befall me would normally have had my penis as stiff as steel, and
throbbing with uninhibited lust, but in my current state I began to actually
lose my frustration, and my mind slowly became much more attuned to performing
so exquisitely perversely, that Master would be as proud of me as he possibly
could.

We arrived at the club about a half an hour before opening time. Apart from the
Whip Master and I there were only two others present at that time. The room in
which I was to serve my punishment had already been set up, however, and what
had been done made me flush with delicious shame, and utter humiliation. The
tiny alcove that I was to occupy was, in fact, a small box like area. A large,
adjustable hole on one side, and a slightly smaller, but not adjustable one on
the other. The box like structure seemed to open up like a funnel above these
two holes, and it was what was above that really made me blush crimson.

A large circular viewing deck had been installed above the box so that an
audience would be able to view my disgrace. Master would probably make
considerable money from this for, no doubt, he would be charging a considerable
fee for patrons to watch, and listen, while I performed my obscene and perverted
worship. The Whip Master showed me the other sides of the two holes that graced
my box, just to make me aware of what was in store, to add to my sense of
depraved submission, I'm sure. Behind one hole was a large room with a bar, and
under the large hole there was a step which, when a man stood on it would
present his penis at the level of the hole. On the other side a strange sort of
harness had been set up. I imagined that a man would sit in it and when he
pulled the straps tight it would serve to thrust his crotch up to, and even
slightly through the hole in the box.

The Whip Master then took me into the weird box, and it became obvious why he
hadn't removed my bondage. My body was needed in that form of bondage to fit
appropriately in the box. First my arse slabs were thrust through the larger
hole until its edges prevented any further movement. The edges of the hole were
then tightened firmly around my flesh. When he had finished my arse was thrust
through the hole, and hovered above the step that I mentioned earlier. The
tightening of the hole around my cheeks caused then to widely split, baring,
obscenely, the well muscled ridge of my arse ring. Thus my arse was presented,
defenseless and open to any who might wish to fuck it. I now also knew why a
long cane had been hanging from a hook next to this hole. My poor arse slabs
were to be punished as well! This would only serve to attempt to take my mind
off my lewd worship. Well it wasn't going to work, I told myself petulantly!

A brace of straps supported my shoulders, and served to maintain my head, and
more importantly, my face, next to the other hole. I was left with a fair amount
of head movement, which pleased me immensely, for it meant that I could do
justice to the penises that were to be presented to me over the next week. The
Whip Master closed the small door to the box, and I was left in solitude to
contemplate my wanton and submissive fate. I waited with bated breath. My heart
pounded with eager anticipation. Oh, how delightfully humiliating it was going
to be! Oh, how utterly lewd and depraved my perverted worship would be! How
immaculately I intended to satisfy Master's expectations. I would be so
impeccably perverse, so thoroughly submissive, that he would be tempted to
double my sentence, just to enjoy my humiliation and shame!

While wild thoughts, such as these filled my consciousness, I waited for the
fabulously degrading ordeal to begin. Unmistakable sounds of activity began to
filter through to my box. The club had obviously just opened for business. My
pulse rate quickened markedly, and having my sex so brutally captive seemed to
heighten my eagerness, and anticipation. Sounds from above me heralded the
arrival of the first of the paying customers, and even though I was unable to
look up at them, never the less, my cheeks blushed crimson with my humiliation.
All that remained was for a penis to be presented at the hole before my face,
and it could begin!

Then it happened! My eyes were filled with the sight of a long, thick, limp,
black penis. A set of enormous sap filled testicles hung from the thick base of
the penis. My heart soared with sheer delight. The fabulous penis was soooooo
gorgeous! Sooooo manly and virile! I gazed at it in utter adoration, struck
silent, momentarily, by its exquisite beauty, its immaculate aroma, its sheer
manly eroticism! Then my mind kicked in in perfect submissive euphoria:

"Oh, exquisite penis!" I squealed in ecstasy, "Oh, divine, sacred, virile,
beautiful penis! I wallow in utter happiness in your holy presence! I submit my
slave carcass to you with every fibre of my existence, most hallowed penis! I
adore you with every beat of my heart, precious penis! I worship you from the
very depths of my servile soul, gorgeous penis! Your marvelous aroma, splendid
penis, is sending my adoring mind into utter rapture! Your marvelous thick stem
fabulous penis, your extraordinary beautiful, big, juicy head, splendid penis,
your big, sap filled testicles, superb penis, fill my adoring slave brain with
servile delight!" I cried out to the huge black penis hanging just an inch or
two away from my wide eyes.

I had immediately fell into my role, and nothing existed for me but wonderful
penis before me. I truly submitted my will to it and was adoring it, with all my
heart. So much so that when a hot penis head first nudged at my arse ring, then
was violently driven past that tight muscled orifice, and the full length of a
long, thick penis was driven to the depths of my arse pit, there was no real
reaction from me. The viewers of my humiliating worship would never have even
guessed that my arsehole was now being savagely raped. I marveled at Master's
knowledge of me as well, because the cruel chastity in which my own penis was
hopelessly captive did truly take my mind completely off my own sexuality. It
was as if I were a truly neutered slave, with no sexual urges of my own, such
was the efficiency of the grotesque chastity pouch.

"Oh, wonderful, manly, scared penis!" I continued. "I am your utterly
submissive, totally servile, immaculately adoring slave, and exist solely and
completely to provide you with your pleasures! Please! Please! Please, treasured
penis!" I begged with emotional pleas, "My slave mouth cunt longs to adore you!
My servile mouth cunt lips yearn to be stretched wide by the girth of your
magnificence! My slave mouth cunt slug hungers to lap your virile harness! The
slave gullet at the back of my subservient mouth cunt aches to squeeze your
succulent head for its rapture! Please! Please! Please, precious, precious
penis! Give me a sign that you will allow my yearning mouth cunt to worship your
magnificence! Please! Please! Please, adored, precious, precious penis, I was
born to suck you and suck you and suck you, then, when my adoring mouth cunt has
given you the pleasure it was born to do, to drink from your divine testicles,
sacred penis!"

The long thick penis twitched before my adoring eyes. I didn't really no whether
or not this was the sign that I had been begging for, but I chose to see it as
so. I didn't know if the man behind the wall of my box could actually hear me,
but I believed that he could, and the twitching of his slowly growing penis was
his way of telling me that I could suck his penis for him. In any case, I
reacted exactly as if this were so.

"Oh, precious penis! Oh saintly penis! Oh phenomenal penis, I will suck you with
all the passion and adoration immaginable! Oh, thank you lovely, beautiful,
manly, virile penis, for filling me with utter joy by granting me the privilege
of sucking you for your eternal pleasure! I vow! I promise! I pledge, astounding
penis, to suck you with every ounce of my passion, to demonstrate my perpetual
adoration of your magnificence! My slave being, gorgeous penis, is filled with
un-utterable happiness that you, dazzling penis, will permit me to taste your
succulence, to savour your luxuriant, manly, potent flavours! Oh, thank you,
sacred penis! Thank you, divine penis! Thank you, my one and only God, hallowed
penis! I love you! I adore you! I worship you!" I babbled, my voice cracking
with emotion.

With a surge of sheer elation, I craned my head forward, and kissed each of the
large testicles that rested at the base of the growing penis. When my lips met
the hot hairy skin of the testicles my heart pounded with submissive lust while
wave after wave of the most delicious humiliation consumed my consciousness
completely. And when I finally allowed my long, hot, wet tongue to tenderly lap
at their swollen masses, and my taste buds were flooded with the flavours of
dominant male sexuality, I thought that I would actually swoon with sheer
happiness.

I devotedly worshipped the hot testicles for at least five minutes, existing in
a sea of joy and exhilaration the whole time my devoted tongue lapped and laved,
and furled around the warm male eggs. Then it was time to move on to the main
event! The man's large penis had, by this time, and following my extended
pleasuring of his tasty testicles, grown to almost full erection, and arched out
from his crinkley haired crotch like the mast of a ship. My heart pounded and
pulsated with wanton and submissive lust while I stared adoringly at the huge
pole of male sexuality. By now so totally immersed in my bizarre and deliciously
perverted devotion to the penis I could only wonder at the benevolence of
Master, to allow me this almost ethereal boon, to utterly debase myself to
penis, but more importantly, to be so privileged as to be allowed to suck the
lovely penis for its pleasure.

The fact that a rapt audience was eagerly witnessing my perverse submission, and
my utterly obscene worship only added, immeasurably, to my servile enthusiasm.
Helplessly, my long tongue swept over the velvety plumb of the fabulous penis,
and my taste buds were again inundated with the luscious flavours of ripe,
aroused male sexuality. The pre-cum, now seeping profusely from the slit at the
tip of the swollen penis head, trickled into my mouth, and I savoured its spicy
tang with real happiness. Then I withdrew my tongue, initially to prepare to
suck the penis fully into my adoring mouth, but I couldn't stop myself from
voicing my sheer joy first.

"Oh precious, treasured, utterly extraordinary penis!" I cried passionately. "I
knew that you would taste delicious! I knew that your juicy head would fill my
servile cunt mouth with luscious, manly flavours of utterly exquisite
excellence! Precious, precious, precious penis! My adoring cunt mouth will suck
you tenderly, for your delight, suck you deeply for your dominance, suck you
passionately, for your pleasure! My worshipping cunt mouth will suck you, and
suck you, and suck you, and suck you, until it sucks your pleasure from you and
you fill its adoring gullet with the divine, sacred, treasured elixir of your
potent, virile, manly testicles! Only then, priceless penis, only then,
sensational penis, only when your succulent essence is flowing down my
worshipping throat, will my reason for existence be finally fulfilled, will my
submissive happiness be complete, will my reason for living be realised, adored
and utterly worshipped penis!"

I closed my gaping lips around the fabulous penis head with sensations of utter
adoration filling my mind completely. I was so helplessly attuned to my sexual
humiliation at that instant that I could not even conceive of a place that I
would rather be. I lived to suck virile, dominant penis! I was sure that I would
die of sheer sadness if my mouth was not filled with the hot, stiff, throbbing
meat of manly penis! I was in a place where paradise consisted of stiff, hot,
pulsating penis, with my servile mouth sucking passionately on it. I could exist
for the rest of my life in these circumstances, and would feel nothing but
immaculate joy.

I sucked the juicy head of the penis with unreserved passion, lashing it
tenderly with my agile tongue, teasing its dilated slit with the tip of my
tongue, then squeezing it warmly with my furled tongue. Then my passion got the
better of me, and I slowly, and exquisitely, began to swallow the penis into my
throat. I thrilled with submissive delight while the strong stalk crept down my
throat until, with stars of ecstasy exploding in my servile brain, my nose was
pressed firmly into the hairy flesh of the man's lower belly, my chin was
pressed against the swollen masses of his tightly packed testicles, and my lips
were spread unbelievably widely, around the thick, pulsating base of the
fabulous penis.

The huge penis filled my mouth and throat completely. My tongue wriggled
passionately against its stiff, hot, throbbing stem, and my throat gulped
helplessly at its swollen head. I was in sheer heavenly paradise! My adoring
mouth was filled to capacity with a gorgeous penis! My throat writhed
uncontrollably around the juicy head of the divine penis! What slave could not
but wallow in such perverse joy? What slave could comprehend anything at
deliciously submissive as this? Could any slave wish to be reduced to any more
delightfully submissive circumstances. I could spend the rest of my existence in
this utterly perverted euphoria!

The need to draw breath was the only thing that made my throat relinquish its
passionate hold on the glorious head of the penis. I would have happily allowed
myself to die with that fabulous penis buried down my wildly convulsing throat.
But if I did that I would not be able to continue to suck the penis, would I?
And I craved the humiliation and shame that sucking penis, especially with the
eagerly watching audience was engendering in me more than anything else in the
world. So I allowed its pulsating length to slowly escape once again, until I
could draw a ragged breath, then plunged my worshipping mouth back down,
thrilling to the sensational feeling of the pulsating stem, the throbbing head
filling my mouth so wonderfully, and stretching my throat so powerfully.

I set up a rhythm of plunging my adoring mouth up and down on the gorgeous
penis, my wriggling tongue lapped and laved every centimeter of the hot hard
stem, and passionately squeezed the spongy meat of the penis's succulent head on
each and every outward movement. On about the tenth plunge of the fabulous penis
I could no longer contain myself, and I allowed the penis to fully escape the
warm embrace of my worshipping mouth, and cried out in utterly adoring tones, by
this time completely oblivious to the audience that viewed my sexual shame, and
immaculate submission.

"Oh, treasured penis!" I cried, "Oh, precious penis! I adore you! I worship you
with every fibre of my being! I knew! I knew, magnificent penis! I just knew
that you would taste delicious! Your delectable flavours are consuming me
completely, treasured penis! I cannot live without your acceptance of my utter
submission to your magnificence, Godly penis! Oh, gorgeous, wondrous, fabulous,
phenomenal, precious, precious, precious penis, you have filled my servile slave
existence with immaculate joy! By permitting me, a base sexual slave to worship
in your sacred presence, holy penis, you have filled my with unimaginable
happiness! I exist, precious penis! My entire reason for being, sacred penis, is
to administer to your pleasure! Oh, adorable penis, I love you so much that my
heart aches with the joy and happiness that consumes me because you, splendid
penis, are allowing me to use my obscene cunt mouth to demonstrate my adoration
of you!"

I continued on and on with my perverted raving until the sheer yearning to
engulf the long, thick, stiff, hot penis arching out before my adoring eyes back
into my worshipping mouth became to intense to be denied any longer, and I
plunged my mouth down on the penis, and sucked at it with every ounce of sexual
passion and utterly joyous submission that I possessed. The huge penis throbbed
wildly in my passionately sucking mouth as I drove it inexorably towards the
inevitable eruption. That cataclysmic event, or at least the anticipation of it,
soon consumed my mind completely. I sucked and sucked, my entire concentration
now fixed on bringing the penis to its climactic explosion, my undivided focus
on the flood of aromatic man juice that the full, tight testicles standing out,
swollen and lust filled, at the base of the throbbing sex stalk that my chin
pressed so firmly against each time my mouth engulfed the entire length of the
wildly throbbing penis, would gush down my adoring throat.

On one particularly passionate downward thrust I felt the unmistakable jerk of
the penis, and knew that its explosion was finally upon me. I drew my stretched
lips back with elated anticipation until only the thick head of the pulsating
penis remained in my passionately sucking mouth. My eager tongue lapped and
laved the spongy meat with feral intensity, then it happened, and I basked in
the joy of the pleasure I had given to the fabulous penis I had so ardently
worshipped. A torrent of penis elixir spurted hotly from the tip of the
exploding penis, and bathed the back of my gulping throat in that delicious,
virile juice. My heart exploded in sheer ecstasy! My brain erupted in stars of
delight while a second, then a third, then a forth spurt splashed into my
gullet, and I savoured, and swallowed each one with growing joy. I drank the
penis dry, savouring every drop of succulent man juice in utter rapture.

My mouth was alive with joy. My taste buds were completely inundated with the
rich, ripe flavours of virile manly joy juice. I was in slave heaven, doing what
I was born to do, to consume the scared essence of superior penis. My emotions
were confused when I realised that the penis had ceased its climactic eruptions,
confused between the sheer joy of having pleasured the magnificent penis so
delightfully, and the sheer despondency that the realisation that it had
surrendered all it had to give, and I would now no longer be able to wallow in
the sheer submissive heaven I had entered when it was still gushing out its
pleasure, and feeding my insatiable mouth with the evidence of its pleasure.

I dove my mouth down one final time, swallowing the entire length of the slowly
wilting penis. I compressed my lips strongly around the penis's softening girth,
then withdrew them, squeezing out every last drop of the divine testicle juice I
had so avidly sucked for, savoring the final dregs ecstatically. Then the penis
was surrendered, and I gazed adoringly at its softened length, and at the
softened testicles that now hung, empty, at its base.

"Oh, darling penis!" I almost sobbed out in utter submission, "Oh, precious,
precious penis, you have filled my slave heart with utter bliss! You have
swamped my immaculately servile soul with unimagined happiness! Mere words are
inadequate to express the depths of my gratitude to you, most adored and
treasured penis, for the gift of being permitted to worship in your peerless
presence, divine penis, to have been permitted to suck you for your pleasure,
sweet penis, to have been granted the gift of the sacred elixir of your holy
testicles, adored penis, to savour, then swallow into my yearning, slave belly
your succulent juices, holy penis. I can only express my gratitude and utter
joy, and pray that my unworthy mouth has somehow managed to do justice to you. I
thank you from the bottom of my heart, precious penis, and long to serve you
again, and again, and again, forever, darling, darling penis!"

I babbled on and on while muted sounds, and small movements from behind the wall
of my box heralded the imminent departure of the man whose penis I had so
ardently worshipped. My mind was filled with a sense of dreadful loss that the
penis was about to be withdrawn. This outpouring of emotion made my words take
on an ever more passionate quality, as if by them alone I could force the penis
to remain. So intense was my focus that hardly even a whimper escaped from my
lips when my arse cheeks exploded in pain. Some one was viciously whipping the
trapped, and defenseless mounds as they protruded from the rear of my display
box. The person wielding the whip laid ten or so hard strokes until my arse
slabs felt as though they were on fire. The only evidence that I might be
suffering that was offered to the crowd above, if they happened to notice, would
have been two tear drops that trickled from the corners of my eyes.

The penis then disappeared from my sight, and I was filled with sadness, my
submissive mind in a turmoil of despondency. Then my heart surged with refreshed
joy, for I realised that a new penis, fresh, and full, would soon be taking the
spent one's place. I couldn't wait! And soon my mouth was uttering words of
welcome, begging and pleading for a new penis to worship and adore! A new penis
to submit to! A fresh penis to pleasure! A fresh penis to suck the juice from!

Then it arrived! It wasn't an especially big, or particularly beautiful penis,
as penises go. But to my fevered mind it was the most alluring penis in the
universe, and I began to verbally adore, and worship it as so. After an eon of
humiliating verbal submission I sucked the sweet adorable juices from this penis
with the same ardent gusto as the one that had preceded it. My arse was fucked
over and over, being sucked empty of the accumulated juices of the penises it
drained by a slave mouth each time it became too sloppy. This was interleaved
with numerous arse whippings that kept my masochistic juices flowing nicely.
Penis after penis was presented to me, and I adored, worshipped, then sucked
each with equal, if not ever growing, submissive elation. I was truly in slave
paradise. Master knew me so well. Knew that I lived to suffer! Knew that I
yearned to exist in a state of sexual humiliation! Knew that I craved sucking
manly penis so much! Longed to wallow in that special brand of shame and
humiliation!

I sucked so many penises that I lost count. Swallowed so much testicle cream
that my belly began to feel uncomfortably filled. At the end of each night I was
attended to by Master's faithful servant. I was bathed and fed, then allowed to
relieve myself. The freezing rod soon had my penis in a state that allowed it to
be repackaged into the grotesque chastity once again, before my body was
re-installed into the box for the day's activity. My brain had become so finely
attuned to my humiliating task that, even when not in the box and actually
performing, I continued to voice my utter adoration of penis, my immaculate
submission to wondrous penis, my continued focus on the delicious task of
sucking penis for its pleasure, and, of course, my utter joy at the instant that
a flood of man juice fed my insatiable appetite for such a gift.

On the third day, I think, the penis of a transsexual was presented to me. I
knew that the penis was that of a feminised male because of its small size, and
the nature of the tiny testicles that nestled so cutely at its base. The fork of
the transsexual was shaved clean, except for a heart shaped tuft of fine hair
that was left on the lower belly, immediately above the little penis. I didn't
know, of course, whether or not the transsexual was a slave, but surmised that
he probably wasn't because they was no evidence in his crotch of submission,
either in the form of rings, or tattoos decorating his sex.

I gazed in awe at the little penis drooping so alluringly over the little eggs
at its slender base. The penis was the size of a forefinger in both thickness
and length, and the head was as perfectly shaped as any I had ever gazed upon.
Its little testicles were perfectly round, and the size of agate marbles. I
wondered at the hormone treatment this man had used to transform, and feminise
his body. Most transsexuals who still retained the evidence of their male
sexuality that I had seen before had tended to have testicles that had wizened
up to the size and consistency of dried up walnuts. I hoped and prayed that this
one did not plan on having his male sex removed, it would be a crime to see a
penis and testicles as lovely as the ones that I stared at in complete devotion
cease to exist. With such thoughts flashing through my mind, I began my verbal
worship, and immaculate submission.

"Oh, pretty, pretty, pretty penis!" I cried in sheer joy, "Oh, pretty penis, you
are the most beautiful, beautiful, beautiful penis it has ever been my privilege
to gaze upon! I exist! I am! I will for ever be your utterly adoring,
immaculately worshipping, impeccably submissive slave gloriously beautiful,
precious, precious, precious penis!" My voice was cracking with emotion as I
continued to declare my adoration of, and submission to the heavenly penis of
the transsexual, and my heart was literally aching with a yearning to suck it.
Somehow, however, I managed to control that yearning for a time. My abject, and
humiliating verbal adoration of the penis serving to enhance that longing, until
it had developed into a craving that a fixless heroin addict could only dream
of.

"Oh, pretty penis! Precious penis! Treasured, sacred, Godly, superb penis!" I
sobbed imploringly, "Please! Please! Please! Please, scared, holy, divine
beautiful, beautiful penis, permit my slave mouth cunt to visit upon your
peerless beauty the exquisite pleasure that you so richly deserve, and that I,
scared penis, unworthy as I am, am born to impart! Allow my lewd, and utterly
submissive mouth cunt, utterly divine, and immaculately precious penis, to
wallow in the luscious flavours of your gloriousness, to drink the sacred elixir
of your fabulously beautiful testicles! Please let me, treasured penis! Please
permit me, precious penis! Please, please, please, allow me to suck you, pretty,
pretty, pretty, precious, precious, precious, penis!" I begged, my heart
pounding with submissive lust.

Such was my single minded focus on the gorgeous little penis that was the object
of my adoration that I hardly even noticed that a new, and particularly large
penis had speared my tight anal ring, and had plunged its throbbing length into
the hot depths of my writhing arsehole. This didn't mean, of course, that my
submissive arsehole didn't endeavor to visit the ultimate pleasure on the big
penis that was violating it so wonderfully, it did, as if it had a mind of its
own. In fact, the fact that my arse slabs were still burning from a recent,
savagely applied thrashing didn't even affect my adoration of the tiny penis
before my eyes. Indeed, it made my worshipping utterances even more submissive
and heart felt.

The crotch of the transsexual seemed to edge forward, presenting his lovely
little penis to me with ever more ardor seemed to me to be the signal that he
would allow me to worship his penis in a more significant fashion than mere
words of servile adoration. My heart burst with delight, and I opened my mouth
wide and engulfed the transsexual's penis and testicles in one swoop. I almost
swooned with happiness when my mouth was full of male sexuality. It is so
gorgeous to suck on small penis. You can use your mouth and tongue to the
fullest possible extent in your endeavors to pleasure the penis, so much easier
than if the penis you worship is so large that you can only employ one of your
sucking talents at a time. The downside, of course, is that a small penis can't
engender the delicious feeling of subjugation that a large one does.

I sucked on the soft little penis with all the adoring passion that I could
muster, wallowing helplessly in the sheer humiliation of it. My tongue lapped
and laved at the length of the stalk, and squeezed the velvety head in joy, and
teased the tiny testicles at its base with tender devotion. After about five
minutes of continuous stimulation the little penis began to slowly, but surely
respond to my efforts, and began to stiffen in my mouth. As soon as I perceived
this, my mouth and tongue redoubled their efforts, and soon the little penis was
as stiff as steel, and I sucked at it with utter bliss, but then, remembering my
charter, reluctantly allowed it to escape from the adoring confines of my
worshipping mouth so that I could again verbally adore it and, of course, so
that the eagerly watching audience could see the results of my devotions.

"Oh, precious, precious, precious penis!" I sobbed in immaculate joy. "You are
sooooo beautiful! Sooooo Beautiful! I am filled with utter delight at being
permitted to gaze upon your beauty, sacred penis. To be allowed to worship your
glorious magnificence with my utterly submissive, and totally unworthy lips and
tongue are boons beyond my imagination! I adore you, treasured penis! I worship
you with every fibre of my being! I live for your pleasure, precious, pretty
penis! You deserve, priceless penis, to be sucked for your pleasure, and my
utterly servile and immaculately submissive cunt mouth would happily suck you
for all eternity! I will suck you passionately, treasured penis! I will suck you
tenderly, sacred penis! I will suck you adoringly, holy penis! I will suck you
devotedly, lord penis! I will suck you, and suck you, and suck, and suck you,
and suck you! Your pleasure is the only reason for my sucking cunt mouth to
exist, precious, precious, treasured, treasured penis!"

I babbled on and on in this fashion until I perceived that the feminised penis
was beginning to lose some of its stiffness. Then, with a renewed surge of
delight pervading my captive nudity, I again sucked the little penis into my hot
wet mouth and began to suck its delicious length with the utmost passion and
devotion. I sucked at the throbbing penis until it pulsated in my mouth, and
grew hotter and hotter. I could see the smooth belly of the transsexual
beginning to quiver with his growing pleasure, and became even more passionate
in my devotions until the stalk began to jerk against my wildly flicking tongue
and I realised that orgasm was imminent.

Then it happened! My heart almost exploded with rapture! A thin stream of the
most delicious, utterly luscious penis cream flowed from the tip of the
transsexual's penis, and washed over my adoring tongue. I savoured the delicious
flavours with joy unbounded, being sure to allow the spurting penis to escape
from my worshipping mouth at least once, so that the viewers could see it spurt
a small stream onto my protruding tongue, before again enveloping it and sucking
it with avid hunger. The penis wilted all too soon and my mouth drained it like
a vacuum cleaner. I couldn't get enough of the succulent cream it surrendered to
my eager mouth, and swallowed the fluid with stars of ecstasy exploding in my
brain. I sucked the penis completely dry then, with extreme reluctance, allowed
the now soft, limp tube to flop out of my mouth.

With the scrumptious after taste of the transsexual's testicle juice still fresh
in my mouth I cried out in sheer, pleading helplessness, "Oh divine, sacred,
hallowed penis! I adore you! I love you! I can't express my gratitude to you in
terms that describe my sheer happiness that you have fed me the savored elixir
of your fabulous testicles! Please! Please! Please, precious, precious, precious
penis! Don't go! Don't go! Please, wondrous penis, stay and allow me to worship
and adore you for all eternity!" I pleaded in helpless emotion while the
transsexual was removed from his position.

My heart almost broke with anguish when, finally, the penis was removed from my
sight. This emotion didn't last, of course, because almost before I knew it a
fresh penis filled my gaze, and the whole ritual began once again. On and on it
went. I lost all concept of passing time, hardly even noticing when I was fed,
and my bodily functions were attended to. When I slept my dreams were filled
with images of penis worship, of submission to wonderful, virile manly penis, of
the sheer joy of dreaming of powerful streams of aromatic testicle juice
splashing into my gulping throat. Nothing existed for me, except for penis.

Towards the end of my period of service the penis of a slave was presented to
me. I knew that the penis was a slaves for a couple of reasons. Firstly, unlike
most, it was already stiff when it appeared before my eyes. Secondly, it stood
in a completely hairless fork. Thirdly, the testicles that stood out from its
base were not only immaculately clean of hair, but were also fabulously swollen,
clear evidence that the slave had been subjected to numerous dry climaxes, in
preparation for me to have to drain them. And finally, above the base of the
raging erection, tattooed words on the smooth skin of the slave's lower belly
announced, 'Slave Prick'.

Oh how deliciously degrading! How delightfully demeaning! How utterly
humiliating! Its gorgeously shameful to adore, worship, and suck so submissively
on the penis of a dominator. But to be forced to submit so immaculately to the
penis of another slave! To debase yourself before the penis of a servile
chattel! To become, for all intents and purposes, a slave to the penis of a
slave! To worship it so degradingly! To adore it so servilely! To suck it so
passionately! To drink the offal from its fat, swollen testicles! It was so
deliciously demeaning that it had my submissive juices boiling with sheer
masochistic lust! Master is so deliciously cruel! He knows me so well! He knew
that I would be driven to the absolute depths of servile humiliation,
worshipping, adoring, and finally sucking another slave's penis while watched by
an eager audience, who would thrill to my immaculate degradation.

As if by unseen command my arse slabs exploded in pain as a new thrashing began
to be brutally inflicted on their trapped masses. Master had thought of
everything! I was sure that Master had somehow, unseen, orchestrated this. It
would be just like him to have me savagely punished while I submitted so
obscenely to the penis of a slave! He just knew how much such a depraved act
would shame me, thrill me to my core, subject my joyously submissive soul to the
immaculate depths of impeccable debauchery. With these thoughts flashing through
my mind, I began my obscene litany to the stiff, hot penis standing so proudly
and inch away from my adoring eyes.

"Oh fabulous, stunning, marvelous, phenomenal penis!" I squealed in utter
rapture, my submissive brain singing with delicious shame. "Even though you may
be attached to the fork of a slave, wondrous penis, I still adore you with every
fibre of my being! Oh, extraordinary, penis! You stand so proud and virile, and
manly before my adoring eyes, and force my joyous submission to your potent
magnificence so powerfully, that I am helpless with devotion, helpless with
sheer submissive elation that you, stunningly powerful, utterly dominant penis
should allow me to worship you, to adore you, to love you, but most of all,
treasured penis, to submit to your potent manliness! Oh precious, treasured
penis, the slave whose lewd fork supports you must be lucky beyond imagining
that a penis as potent and powerful as you allows his carcass to be sustained by
you!"

While I continued on with my obscene prattle my brain became totally immersed in
my devotion, and my arse cheeks throbbed with pain as the whip fell on them with
relentless precision, and brutal force. "Oh please! Please! Please! Powerful,
potent, virile, manly, dominating penis! I beg you! Accept my servile surrender
to your splendor! Allow my servile cunt mouth to suck your wondrous meat! Permit
my adoring cunt mouth to suck for your pleasure! Let my yearning belly feed on
the succulent essence that packs your stunningly beautiful testicles! Oh,
fabulous penis, I will die with utter despair if you don't permit my adoring
cunt mouth to suck the pleasure from you! I will suck you with all the devotion
that my servile maw is capable of, precious penis! My lewd submissive mouth cunt
will drink you potent elixir with utter rapture should you, treasured penis,
desire to feed it to me! Please, precious penis, let me suck you! Please,
treasured penis, allow me to suck you! I long to suck you! I yearn to suck you!
Please, potent penis, please, please, please!"

The penis jerked visibly before my utterly adoring eyes, and that was all the
prompting that I needed. My heart surged with joy as my gaping mouth closed over
the juicy head of the slave's hot stiff penis, and my taste buds were inundated
with its luscious flavours. I sobbed with delight while my stretched lips slowly
crept down the length of the throbbing penis until they were ovalled around its
thick base, and my nose was pressed firmly into the hard muscled belly of the
slave, and my chin was nudging insistently on the smooth swollen masses of his
bursting testicles.

I knew that those testicles, so swollen and bursting with sap, would feed me an
ocean of that manly narcotic that I yearned for so much. My own lewd passion had
taken complete control of my actions. I sucked the throbbing penis with such
passion that I was almost neglecting its pleasure. I needed to drink from it.
That was all that mattered to me. I could not live without its precious juices
bathing my adoring throat. I sucked and sucked and sucked! The penis throbbed
and pulsated in my mouth. Pre-cum drooled from its tip while my throat muscles
writhed against the spongy flesh. My mouth worked and worked, my tongue lapped
and laved, and my throat squeezed and squeezed, until the slave had no hope of
denying me. I knew that I was being selfish, and that if Master found out I
would be made to suffer terribly for my sin, but I was also aware that a slave
who had just been sucked so gorgeously was highly unlikely to complain about
another slave, so I continued on until the penis literally exploded in my
worshipping mouth.

I had realised, immediately prior to the powerful eruption, that it was
imminent, and had moved my mouth back so that I sucked passionately only on the
head of the pleasure filled penis. My heart erupted with joy when the first
spurt, so powerful and profuse, that I was unable to swallow it quickly enough,
hit the back of my throat. The stream of juice was so volumous that it caused my
cheeks to actually balloon as my mouth was literally filled to bursting point
with rich, creamy, musky male juice. I swallowed wildly, not just because I
loved to, but also to make room in my mouth for the inevitable next potent
ejaculation. I just managed to  do so as the second spurt bathed my gulping
throat. Then the third, and a forth, and a fifth, each as powerful, and profuse,
as its predecessor. I found myself drinking down the flood with feral happiness.
The slave did indeed have an ocean to feed me, and I drank every last drop as if
it were the ambrosia of the Gods and, of course, to me it was.

It took the slave almost a minute before his climax finally ebbed away, and I
gasped for breath while savouring the aftermath of his orgasm. My lips squeezed
every last drop from the slave's slowly softening pole of servile lust. I let
the penis escape, and after the mandatory expressions of gratitude to it, it was
removed from my sight.

I spent the week in such activity, and was filled with despondency when it was
finally over, and I was transported back to Master's mansion. I was installed on
my slave mat in front of Master's throne, with my naked sister slave kneeling
off to one side, and the Whip Master, dressed as always in his severe leather,
and armed with our special supple leather penis whip, stood to one side of
Master's throne. Both my slave sister, and I knelt in the obscene submission
posture, our legs spread wide, our aroused sexes thrust out wantonly towards our
dominant owner, and our hands clasped firmly behind our heads. The grotesque
chastity pouch had been removed from my penis and, as I knelt, spread legged
before the throne my penis ached out achingly stiff from my hairless fork.
Master sat on his throne and gazed down mockingly at my obscene display.

"Pig!" Master exclaimed, "I'm mightily pleased with you! Mightily pleased! The
club has had its best trading week since it was opened, and your performance was
largely responsible!" I glowed with pride at Master's praise, and ever so
imperceptibly, shimmied my hips so that my aching penis waved at him in
deference. "Now, your reward, pig, enjoy!" He chortled, nodding to Whip Master.
My heart began to race for I knew what was in store. The cruel Whip Master
unfurled the long flexible strap of the penis whip and stood adjacent to my
shivering nudity. After carefully adjusting his stance the strong punished drew
back the whip, then brought it flashing towards my standing penis.

A shriek of terrible hurt was wrenched from my gaping mouth when the smooth
leather sliced into the stem of my arching penis, and the pole of servile lust
erupted in pain. The Whip Master wasted no time in applying the next brutally
delivered stroke, and my squeal of pain and suffering accompanied it almost
involuntarily. Stroke after savage stroke was delivered with unerring accuracy,
and inhuman force, up and down the length of my tormented penis. My squawks and
wails of pain soon filled the air, but my brain was buzzing with masochistic
delight. My savagely whipped penis throbbed with pain that was transformed to
sheer exquisite ecstasy when it erupted in my brain. My wide eyes stared
adoringly at Master, pleading for release, but being the eternally sadistic
dominator, of course, he made me wait, enjoying my suffering, my squeals and
shrieks of hurt and anguish music to his ears.

"Spit, pig!" He snapped, when he was satisfied that I had suffered enough. My
wails of anguish instantly became shrieks of ecstasy as my battered penis
exploded. Stream after stream of creamy white penis cream gushed from its flared
tip, each eruption flying high into the air, before splashing wetly down onto
the polished wood of the floor. Even as my penis was spurting my slave sister
crawled around, her lovely smooth arse cheeks high and her big, soft, stiff
teated tits crushed into the floor, and lapped up my penis juice.

The cruel Whip Master thrashed my climaxing penis savagely, until the strength
of its eruptions began to wane, then he resumed his position beside Master's
throne. I sobbed and sobbed while coming down from the heady masochistic heights
that I had been so sadistically driven to. My swollen, well whipped penis hardly
softened at all, and soon became as achingly stiff has it been at the start of
my ordeal when my slave sister, having completed her task of cleaning my mess up
from the floor, furled her soft tongue around its tormented stem, and began to
soothe the burning with its softly wriggling warmth.

The gorgeous slave girl knelt low between my spread thighs and lapped up and
down my throbbing length with apparent delight. When she was satisfied that she
had both cleaned the residue of my climax from the stiff stalk, and had eased
its pain as much as was possible, she the swallowed the entire length into her
lewd mouth, and sucked passionately on it. I sobbed with pleasure while the lewd
slut sucked me. She sucked and sucked until I was once again hovering on the
edge of climax. Then panted and gasped, and struggled valiantly not to disgrace
myself by erupting in her mouth without permission.

Master watched us perform with a leer of mocking superiority on his handsome
face. He made me wait for what seemed to be an eternity before he finally put me
out of my ecstatic misery, "Feed the bitch, pig!" He cried, "Pour your slave
scum down the obscene slut's wanton throat! Feed her, pig!" Even before his
degrading command had echoed into silence I keened in sheer ecstasy, and my
throbbing penis erupted in the eagerly working mouth of my sister slave. My
penis spewed out its creamy juices in a seemingly never ending torrent of juice,
and she, the lewd harlot that she is, drank down each and every drop, and
squeezed out the dregs when eventually my climax ebbed.

Once she had drained me completely my sister slave resumed her position before
Master's throne, her tongue busily cleaning her lips of my ball cream, and a
look of sheer contentment creasing her lovely features. My sister slave is
indeed a wanton harlot who loves nothing better than debasing her beautiful body
in sexual submission. Master rose from his throne after a few minutes of silent
contemplation of us, his submissively displayed slaves, then left the room, and
we were returned to our Spartan quarters.

From that day on Master used me in this fashion quite frequently at his sex
club. My performance was so lucrative that I found myself in that bizarre box
for extended periods, worshipping, adoring, and passionately sucking penis for
the entertainment of his paying customers. The periods were never as long as the
initial one, being generally of about two or three days duration. My slave
sister loved these periods of service by me for she was always used to render my
penis into the state required for the terrible chastity that I had to wear, and,
of course, she was always ruthlessly efficient at her task, or at least her
wanton mouth was. She, naturally, continued to be rewarded for her efforts by
serving in the gang fucking room of the club for the same period that I
performed my own lewd and humiliating service.

Indeed, not long after that first episode Master became so enamored with the
sheer deliciousness of the humiliation and submission that I suffered when
forced to perform so obscenely that he has taken to yet another method of
reducing me to the status of a disgraced sex slut. He allows me to dress almost
normally, but with no underclothes of course, and with my penis captured in
stringent chastity, then accompany him to one of the city's larger shopping
malls. He then picks out males at random from the crowds shopping there, and we
approach them. When he has a man's attention he introduces me, "My dear fellow,"
He always says with a teasing smile, "Allow me to introduce this," He continues,
pointing to me, "My lewd and lecherous sex slave!"

I would stand there, my cheeks flushed crimson with embarrassment and
humiliation, while the target of Master's entertainment would react with a
mixture of sheer shock, and disbelief. Before the target has time to recover,
and react, Master would quickly continue, "The obscene pig has a request to make
of you." Then it would be my turn, and putting on my most pleading and wheedling
voice, I would beg lasciviously, "Please, Sir! Please, Sir, would you permit me
to suck off your lovely, virile penis? I would love to be on my knees sucking
your wonderful hot, stiff, penis Sir! Please, Sir! Please, Sir!"

Once the target male had recovered from his initial shock the vast majority of
reactions were ones of disgust and horror, and the target would storm off. But
on enough occasions I found myself in the public toilets, on my knees, with a
throbbing penis in my eagerly sucking mouth, to satisfy my submissive and
lecherous needs. I loved the sheer shame of it, and was in submissive ecstasy
when the penis I so ardently sucked surrendered to my erotic skills, and sprayed
my mouth with a deluge of spicy man juice.

Needless to say Master, with his highly developed sense of warped justice,
blamed me for all of the males who stormed off without acceding to my pleas. He
took to punishing me for each failure once we had returned home. One stroke of
the cane to the sensitive underside of my stiff penis for each man that refused
to allow me to suck the cream from his stiff, hot penis. This normally meant
somewhere around twenty or so strokes, and I relished every one, because they
were so richly deserved. I knelt before Master, after each trip to the mall, and
begged and pleaded for him to have Whip Master cane my stiff penis with the
utmost cruelty. Then, after each stroke was brutally delivered, and after my
shrieks of hurt had ebbed sufficiently, I would cry out in utter desperation,
"Please! Please! Please! Please, adored Whip Master! You must cane my lewd prick
slug harder! Cane it harder! Harder! Master must see me suffer, and suffer, and
suffer! Master allowed me to offer to suck so many penises today, and I failed
him so often by not convincing the men that they should permit me to suck their
adorable penises off. It was all my fault, darling Whip Master! All my fault! I
did not beg and plead with sufficient submissive and wanton lust to convince
them! Even though I yearned to suck each and every penis for Master, I did not!
Now, darling Whip Master, you must cane me mercilessly so that I may atone for
my disgraceful performance! Please cane my stiff prick stalk hard!"




Chapter 12 - A New Prison Experience - June's Story

I sat in the darkness of the van as it sped towards the coast. The teats on my
nude tits tingled with excitement, and my cunt slug was almost fully erect
between the moist lips of my cunt split. Master had suddenly, and without any
fore warning, changed our prison duties. I was to be given to the male
prisoners, and John to the female ones. What a change this was and, even though
I had fallen in love with many of the female prisoners, and would miss having
them play with me, I was beside myself with wanton lust at the thought of being
a sex toy for hundreds of males, with gorgeous stiff pricks for me to pleasure,
for a whole week.

Having listened to John's sex tales I knew about the feminised bitches on the
island, especially the King's personal bitch, Trudy, and was looking forward to
proving as expert as John was in giving him, and the others of similar bent, the
pleasures that he had. I was absolutely sure that I would prove equally as
efficient as John in this endeavor. But most of all, I yearned for the more
manly pricks to use me, to stretch open my tight arse ring when they fucked me
there, and to plow my wanton pussy with the utmost lust and depravity, and most
of all, to be driven into my gulping gullet. So many pricks to pleasure, to
worship, to adore, to drain. My mouth was watering with longing, my arse ring
was already tingling with eager anticipation, and my cunt pit was dripping with
lust.

Once at the coast I was taken on board a boat for the short trip to the prison
island. Unlike when I was transported to the female prison, on this occasion I
was to be accompanied the whole way by a footman. I wondered whether he was also
going to remain with me while I was actually on the island. Perhaps Master
thought that my activities would need to be controlled, given the company I was
going to be keeping, perhaps he didn't trust the King of prisoners to be able to
control his subjects once they had a female to play with.

The boat arrived at the small dock in the island's sole harbour, just before
dawn. I was quickly prodded down the gang plank, the cold air causing my nudity
to break out in goose bumps, but this, in no way, tempered my lustful
excitement. The footman then took over from the sailor, and prepared me for my
reception. I was placed under a high, overhead beam from which hung a length of
chain. My hands were attached to this chain and it was tightened until I was
forced to stand on tip toes, my heavy tits thrusting out wantonly, their stiff
teats tingling with arousal. Then my legs were drawn apart, which meant that I
was actually hanging by my wrists from the chain. My ankles were then anchored
in position.

My body still wore all of its rings. Normally, when serving at the female
prison, my nose and teat rings were removed, leaving me with just the two cunt
rings that are used to lock up my cunt split, but now all still remained. The
footman, once I was hanging helplessly, then began the final preparations. He
had carried a small valise out onto the dock with him, and now he opened it up
and reached into it. Firstly he removed a tit whip, which he hung from my left
teat ring, then one of the more vicious cunt whips in the chateau's collection
was hung from my still locked together cunt rings. Next he retrieved a four foot
long cane with a prick shaped hand grip. He presented the rubber cock grip to my
mouth, and I slobbered over it until it dripped with my saliva, then he went
around to my rear, split open my bottom cheeks, and drove the prick grip up my
tight arsehole.

The footman then hung the keys to my cunt lock from the ring in my right teat
ring, and finally, hung a letter in a small, clear plastic folder from my nose
ring. He then stood back and inspected my hanging nudity. I was literally
shaking with masochistic lust which was, by this time, rivaling the wanton
sexual depravity that had slowly been consuming me from the moment we had first
set out from the chateau. At the female prison, while Master in no way
discouraged it, I was rarely punished, and when I was it was always purely
symbolic. But from what had just happened it appeared that this might change. At
the female prison I was certainly not delivered with specialised female
punishment whips. I was to be punished, as well as fucked senseless. It would be
so good! So gorgeously wanton and depraved! I would love every second of it!

As soon as the footman was satisfied that he had done all that was expected of
him, he stepped back onto the boat. A surge of fear swept through me when I
realised that he was, in fact, leaving. I was to be at the mercy of the
prisoners without supervision. Master trusted them not to damage me! Could he
really! After all, these men were criminals. I shuddered with terror, and my
blood boiled with a fresh surge of sheer masochistic lust that filled me
completely. I prayed that the men would be utterly merciless when they punished
me! Craved that they would prove to be utterly insatiable when they fucked me,
and permitted me to suck on their lovely pricks.

The boat drifted out from the dock, and was soon on its way back to the
mainland. I hung from the chain in solitude, contemplating my awful fate. The
whips that hung from my rings swayed gently, reminding me of their brutal
purpose, and further heightening my feelings of delicious dread. About twenty
minutes later two figures appeared through the mist, coming down the dock
towards me. One was huge, and the other quite small. When they drew closer to my
hanging nudity, and I was able to more clearly see them, despite my prior
knowledge of what to expect, my mouth still gaped in sheer surprise. Not at the
sight of the big man, dressed in shiny black leather, with muscles bulging, for
I had expected that. Rather, it was the sight of his companion that surprised
me. I would have sworn that it was a girl.

The transsexual was dressed in a ridiculously short skirted dress that revealed
a set of legs so beautiful that I knew many women who would have killed to have
them. An incredibly slender waist flared out below into entirely feminine hips
and bottom, and above, to a set of remarkably large breasts that spilled out
over the top of the low cut bodice. His face was truly beautiful, and was
tastefully made up. His appearance was capped of by a long flowing mane of
shining blonde hair.

I just couldn't believe that a man could so completely transform himself into a
girl, and I gaped at him in utter wonder. The big man, as soon as they were
right up to me, noting my gaping wonder, commented wryly, "Well, Trudy, the
bitch seems certainly impressed with you." Then he instructed the transsexual,
"Get the instructions off her and let's see what Master has to say." The tiny
Trudy walked right up to me, and unclipped the note from my nose ring, then
returned to the man and handed it to him. The man immediately began to read the
note out loud:

King of Prisoners,



You, and your criminal subjects are granted exclusive, and unrestricted use of
this bitch for the duration of one week.

This bitch is a slave, and I expect her to be treated as such. She is a total
harlot sexually, and will refuse nothing, and will give you, and your subjects
pleasures that will send you wild with lust.

As a slave, the bitch must be punished. She must be punished whether she
deserves it or not. Constant punishment improves her depraved, perverted lust
immeasurably, as you will no doubt realise once you have whipped her a few
times.

When the bitch is punished it would please me if you ensure that as many
prisoners as possible are able to witness her pain and anguish.

When she is punished please ensure that her tits, cunt, or arse are whipped with
merciless savagery, until she squeals and wails in agony. The only limit to the
brutality of her punishments is that she is not to be physically damaged, so
that she can no longer perform as a harlot bitch, even if she begs for it. To
this end I would instruct you to only use the whipping implements that I have
supplied. These are especially designed to inflict the utmost agony, while not
causing irreparable physical damage, or impairing the ability to perform obscene
acts of sexual depravity.

The slave bitch is permitted to communicate with you. Her speech must, however,
always be laced with submissive surrender, and absolute harlot depravity. The
bitch is to be severely punished whenever she errs in this. I don't want her
learning bad habits, or losing any of her servile perversity while she is in
your care.

The Master

The King ordered Trudy to get me down from the beam, and to remove the rest of
the adornments hanging from my body rings. Once he had finished his task we set
off for the main prison building that I could see off in the distance. I, of
course, was led along by a leash attached to my nose ring, adding to my feelings
of delicious submission and humiliation. As we walked I contemplated my coming
ordeal, and the sheer excitement of it made my big tits, bouncing softly with my
gait, seem swollen and even heavier than usual. My arse pit, still tingling from
the sensation of having the penis shaped cane grip thrust into its depths, began
to ache with longing to be filled by the real thing. And the interior muscles of
my cunt pit were already writhing in eager anticipation of embracing hot, stiff
cock. My cunt slug, needless to say, was as stiff as steel.

Once inside the main building of the complex the King announced that there was
no time to waste with formalities. I was to be put to work immediately, under
the care and supervision of his bitch, Trudy. After a brief argument, where what
my slave status should mean in terms of where I slept, the King finally acceded
to his bitch's plea that, like with the male slut the Master provided, he,
Trudy, didn't need to be rewarded for his supervisory work by having me also,
sleep with him. After this had been settled the King announced that my wares
should be shown off to the assembled prisoners, then Trudy could take me off to
the room set aside for my work.

We entered a door at the far end of the prison's communal dining room, where all
of the prisoners were currently having their breakfast. My heart leapt with
excitement when the King prodded me onto a raised platform at the end of the
dining room, and I was confronted by a sea of male faces. The assemble men broke
out into cat calls and ribald remarks the moment that my nudity was revealed to
them. I couldn't help myself, and was soon obscenely flaunting my charms at
them. I rolled my shoulders and  shook my swollen tits at them, splayed my
thighs wide and rutted and ground my hips wildly to show off my drooling cunt
split at its most wanton lasciviousness. I leered lewdly at the men, and left
them in no doubt that I was ready, and eager to fuck and suck each and every one
of them, over and over.

The King allowed me to perform my obscene and perverted display for a couple of
moments before he addressed the gathering. "The Master, as usual, has been as
good as his word. We have this bitch harlot to entertain us for a change. The
whore is to be installed in room H12, and will be under the control of my bitch.
During the course of each day she will be available to you. I am informed that
the harlot is utterly insatiable, and capable of enduring non stop gang banging
for hour after hour without flagging. I'm sure that we will test this capacity
to the fullest over the next seven days. In the evenings the whore will
entertain us in another way, by showing us what a pain loving trollop she is.
I'm sure that those of you who are not enamored with the female gender will be
able to vent your disappointment at not having our normal whore to play with, by
catering to this trollop's yearning to suffer!"

Having completed his announcements the King signaled to Trudy to take me away.
The little transsexual led my still obscenely cavorting nudity from the stage
and out of the room. He led me to the appointed room and I found that it was
completely bare of furniture. The floor seemed to be covered, from wall to wall,
with a soft rubber like covering. Once inside Trudy removed my leash. While we
waited for the first of my customers to arrive Trudy began to question me. It
seemed that he was aware that their normal visitor was my brother, and I learned
that the two of them often talked deep into the night when, John was serving as
the prison's sex toy.

"Do you suck bitch twat as well as the pig?" She inquired teasingly. I blushed
furiously while assuring the pretty little creature that I was indeed a far more
accomplished twat lapper than my brother. This was a mistake! I hadn't reckoned
with the fact that Trudy was deeply in love with John, and was deeply angered by
what he saw as my arrogant belittling of John's supreme sexual talents. The
bizarre transsexual retrieved the cane and delivered six stinging strokes to my
arse cheeks, to teach me to control my arrogance.

I sobbed out my thanks to him for punishing me so correctly, and promised to
keep my place in future. My sobbing sorrow seemed to convince Trudy that I was
genuine in my contrition which, of course, I was. Then a group of three large
black, denim clad males wandered into the room. I looked at them with
unsurpassed lust while they quickly divested themselves of their clothes and
revealed three lovely long, thick, hot, stiff, throbbing cocks to my excited
gaze. I immediately fell to my knees before such gorgeous specimens of male
sexuality, my cunt pit writhing helplessly with feral yearning.

One of the men liberally coated his enormous penis with oil, while his
companions grabbed me and toted my excited nudity over to him. They raised me up
and tore my legs rudely apart. The man reached down and split my smooth bottom
cheeks wide apart and, without any preliminaries, drove his hot stiff penis up
my arse pit to the very hilt. I squealed in pained shock at this massive
invasion and my arse tube felt as though it was being split apart, but it felt
absolutely gorgeous, my horrifically stretched arse ring squeezing the base of
the man's penis as if to strangle the throbbing rod.

The second man then drove his equally large penis up my cunt tube, filling the
sex sleeve to capacity with virile male meat. I sobbed in sheer ecstasy at being
filled so completely with lovely hard hot penis, when a hand grasped my chin and
dragged my head around so that I could no longer see my crotch. Instead my wide
eyes were confronted with the swollen head of the ebony penis being brought to
my lips. I opened my mouth wide in readiness to accept the fabulous penis. My
long soft tongue swept from my gaping mouth and washed wetly over the spongy
meat of the penis head, and its luscious flavours flooded my reeling senses.

I sucked passionately on the head of the delicious penis before its owner
brutally drove the organ down my gulping throat, not stopping until his big,
hairy, sap filled testicles rested heavily on my chin. I was in absolute slut
paradise, all of my holes of depraved lust being filled with hot, stiff,
throbbing penis. My nudity shuddered in helpless sexual frenzy, my tits heaving
with excitement while I wallowed in my lewd debauchery with utter sluttish
happiness.

The man with his  penis buried up my aching arse tube then began to fuck with
feral vigor, driving his fabulous penis in and out of my convulsing arse pit
mercilessly. The man whose penis filled my throat did, every thirty seconds or
so withdraw it to allow me to draw a tortured breath. Other than that the two of
them, using my mouth and cunt, kept their erections fully inserted in those
holes, and allowed their colleague to use me to the fullest. It took him about
five minutes before his huge penis exploded in the depths of my writhing arse
pit, flooding it with an enormous quantity of heated man juice. My own body also
erupted in sexual climax once my arse tube was fully awash with the juices of
sexual excess.

As soon as his penis had fully spent its pleasure the man tore it from my well
raped arse. The man who had been supporting my suspended nudity with his penis
skewering my cunt pit then collapsed onto the floor, with me on top. My arse
cheeks immediately began to rut and roll while I fucked my wanton cunt on that
fabulous stalk of male virility. The man whose penis I sucked also dropped to
his knees on the floor and allowed me to suck at him at my own pace. I was able
to free up my hands, and used them to grasp the base of the lovely black penis
and this, in turn, permitted me to do proper justice to it with my depraved
sexual mouth and tongue.

The man who had raped my arse tube so delightfully retrieved a long leather belt
from his jeans and began to casually whip my rolling arse cheeks with it. My
cunt split exploded in climax when the first stroke slapped loudly into my
bottom mounds, and its sting assailed me. I tore my mouth from the throbbing
penis it had been sucking in wild abandon, and squealed out in sheer lust crazed
abandon, "Whip my wanton arse cheeks harder, Sir! Whip them hard! Whip them!
Whip them! The harder you whip them, Sir, the more gloriously my lewd cunt pit
will pleasure Sir's divine penis! The harder you whip my churning arse slabs,
Sir, the more passionately my wanton mouth will suck Sir's wondrous penis! Whip
hard, kind Sir! Whip hard! Whip hard!"

My mouth dropped back down to the penis before my face and I began to suck it
with renewed passion while the man whipping my arse cheeks, driven on by my
pleading, whipped my rutting arse slabs with sublime cruelty, transforming them
into fire laden mounds of sheer pain. I sucked the juicy head of the throbbing
penis with every ounce of passion that I was capable of, and it soon began to
jerk and pulsate in my adoring mouth. At the same time my pussy pit massaged the
penis driving in and out of its depths with feral intensity. I lost myself in my
pain and obscene lust, and my cunt exploded in a new outpouring of sexual
ecstasy when both penises erupted simultaneously, one flooding my gulping mouth
with an ocean of musky man cream, and the other bathing the writhing walls of my
climaxing cunt tube with its creamy issue.

The three men left the chamber as soon as they had finished with me. I lay,
quivering with lust, with juices of depravity dripping from my sex holes, and my
bottom cheeks still burning deliciously. Trudy abruptly brought me back to
reality by ordering me to clean my holes quickly, in readiness for my next
visitors. Over the course of the day I was used constantly. In order to maximise
the numbers who got to fuck with me Trudy ensured that I was never used by less
than two at a time, but never by more than three, so that each got a taste of
one of my whore holes.

Only on rare occasions did Trudy allow me to be punished during the days, and
then it would never be more than a sound arse whipping with nothing more vicious
than a belt. After all, the main purpose of the days was to allow the inmates to
fuck a girl for a change. I got to suck the tiny penises of the some of the
femme bitches, but not for the same reasons as John had, and with not the same
excitement and sexual frenzy either, for these creatures actually considered
themselves to be closer to me, sexually, than they were to John. Never the less,
when required to, I sucked them with the same sensual efficiency as my brother
had.

By the time evening arrived I was generally so lust crazed, and so sexually
exhausted that my public punishment was a welcome relief to me. This is not to
say that I was mentally fucked out, just physically, almost beyond the capacity
to climax again, having done so so frequently throughout the day. The upside of
being a girl is that you can orgasm over and over without losing the capacity to
do so again. The downside is that the climaxes almost lose meaning after the
first twenty or so, and definitely lose power, and become almost an automatic
reaction to relentless sexual activity.

Consequently, after a period of rest while the prisoners attend to their evening
meal, and I was fed and cleaned up, I was able to rest and recover, until the
knowledge of what was to come filled me with delicious expectation, and had my
masochistic juices running to the maximum. What generally happened was that,
following me performing and erotic striptease, culminating in an utterly obscene
display of self abuse, during which I would fuck myself senseless with a variety
of dildos, and my fists, up both cunt and arse holes, my nudity would be
suspended on the stage of the theatre with my legs spread excruciatingly wide so
that my cunt split gaped obscenely. Three heavily muscled inmates would then
administer a full body whipping with the whips supplied by Master.

Hanging from the ceiling above the stage was good for visual effect for the
audience. But it was not conducive to the cruelest, and most savagely delivered
whippings. The man punishing my tits had to reach up too far to be able to
deliver his stokes to that pair of bouncing appendages. The one punishing my
drooling cunt split had to whip upwards, thus considerably dissipating the force
of each swing. Only the one caning my arse slabs had any chance of using his
full force. This is not to say that my tormentors didn't try each evening.
Goaded on by my pleas for harder strokes, or angered by my insulting comments on
their strength, they whipped me as hard as they could. It was just that my
posture didn't allow the whips to be swung with maximum efficiency.

Never the less I was made to suffer terribly by my sadistic tormentors. I howled
and wailed in real pain sure enough. My tits were stung brutally, and my cunt
split throbbed in pain with each stroke, and my arse slabs were covered with
burning lines. They whipped and whipped, forcing me ever closer to pain climax.
My hanging nudity shuddered and shook with the violence of my punishment. I
wallowed in my suffering and my anguish. But, unlike the full body whippings I
was subjected to at the chateau, my suspension did not allow me to climax over
and over as the pain grew and grew, until it consumed me completely, and my body
reacted by climaxing over and over. Rather, this torment merely brought me to
the edge, hovering tantilisingly, until the sheer longevity of the punishment
finally allowed me to bask in the delight of a pain orgasm, and I squealed out
my utter masochistic rapture.

After this ordeal my exhausted nudity was installed in a cell, and I was allowed
to sleep for the full night, after I had treated my welted skin with the
Master's special healing balms. Despite my physical exhaustion I still found it
hard to drift off, my mind filled with the frustration of nearly, but not quite
totally fulfilled masochistic yearnings. It was with this in mind that, when the
King announced that I would be permitted to plan my own punishment on the final
night, that I begged that a cane be permitted to be used on my tits, and a
medium weighted tawse on my cunt split.

The King was reluctant to grant my requests, noting that the Master had been
strongly against me being punished by means other than those he had supplied. I
continued to badger him until, finally, I persuaded the man to call the Master
and to ask him. I knelt, expectantly, while the Master's number was dialed.
Finally he was on the line, and I listened to the one way conversation, trying
to imagine what Master's responses were: "Hello, Master?" A pause, then, "The
slave you sent us has been annoying me with requests for the punishment regime
your instructions laid out to be altered." Another slight pause, then, "The cane
for her tits, and a medium tawse for her cunt." Then another pause, this one a
little longer, then my heart leapt with awed dread, "The cane is OK for the
bitch's tits, but the tawse is to be a heavy one, and a bull whip for the
bitch's arse slabs." My heart was beating wildly while I waited for the call to
be completed. Master was obviously angry with me for questioning his orders, and
was going to have me suffer for it. The bull whip was only ever used on me when
I was in trouble, and the pain that it inflicted was truly awesome. "Yes,
Master, I'll make sure the bitch knows that she's lucky that the bull whip is
not being used on her fat tits. I'll use our strongest men, and the bitch will
be instructed to react with appropriate verbal responses to her punishment.
Actually, it will be quite entertaining, I expect."

After the normal ending the King put the phone down, then fixed my trembling
nudity in a glare. "You heard, bitch?" He inquired with a cruel leer. "The
Master is as annoyed with you as I am, and his instructions are now that you
suffer for your selfishness, by being punished even more savagely than you had
suggested. And you will be required to verbally entertain us with explicit pleas
for the punishment you so richly deserve, and, of course, appropriate responses
after it has been inflicted. I am to judge your responses for the Master, and
inform him if I don't think they are of sufficient quality." Then he turned his
attention to Trudy, "Take the bitch away, and put her to work!"

Once we were clear of the room, I scrambled to my feet, and we headed off
towards the work room. Trudy maintained strict silence. The femme bitch showed
signs that he didn't like me very much, and I wondered why. I had only been
required to suck his tiny little penis off once the entire week, and my brother
had made it clear that he sucked the bitch off every night when he was used at
the prison. Then it hit me, the bitch was in love with John, and must have
thought that having me attend to his sexual needs was some sort of betrayal.

Throughout that day Trudy instructed the men I serviced to treat me especially
violently when they fucked my holes of lust, and probably dreamed that he was
the biggest and strongest convict on the island, so that he would be the one to
punish me on that final night. For my part, my thoughts were so concentrated on
the night to come, and the ordeal that I would endure, that my performance with
the seemingly never ending line of prisoners that I entertained was almost
wooden, although no less depraved and passionate. My mind was filled with the
eager anticipation of real suffering and cruel torment, and the shattering pain
orgasms that I knew awaited me.

Trudy supervised my preparations for the night's exhibition, showing signs of
his own excitement, and cruelty. He was obviously looking forward to my
suffering as much as I was, although, of course, not for the same reasons. He
wanted to watch me suffer because he thought that it was merely to make me pay
with pain, whereas I, of course, needed to suffer to satisfy my acute
masochistic cravings. He was actually quite disappointed with the seemingly
benign nature of my own preparations for the event. He expected intricate and
bizarre apparatus to be called for, but I merely set up a simple bar, supported
by a pair of well anchored poles. The bar was made of clear perspex, and was
rounded one side, and squared on the other, and was set at a height of four feet
above the floor of the stage. It was the only structure on the otherwise bare
stage, although a small side table was placed against the rear wall, and had the
three implements of torment to be used placed on it.

The prison population began to wander into the theatre in dribs and drabs. I
knelt on the stage, in complete darkness, my naked body already shivering with
anticipation of the pain, and the utter humiliation that was about to befall me.
My tits were swollen, and felt heavier than usual, their teats were as stiff as
steel and tingled maddeningly. The lips of my cunt split were also quite swollen
with arousal, my cunt slug was fully erect, and my cuntal trench was already
quite moist. My mind, however, was alive with eager masochistic anticipation.
Soon I would be suffering, and I literally couldn't wait for the dreadful ordeal
to begin.

Growing sounds coming from the theatre heralded the fact that it was filling up,
and my time would soon come. Suddenly, the curtains were opened, and I stared
out into the sea of faces eagerly watching the stage. I flushed with a mixture
of delicious shame, and untold masochistic excitement, especially when the most
muscular of the prisoners stepped out from the wings, and walked over to stand
beside me. He was a Negro with ebony skin and muscles that bulged all over his
enormous body, due, no doubt, to countless hours spent pumping iron. The man was
naked except for a supple leather G string that bulged hugely with the penis and
testicles that it struggled to contain. His skin had been well oiled, and shone
beautifully.

"Begin!" The King of prisoners shouted from his well positioned seat in the
centre of the front row. I gathered my thoughts, which was quite an achievement
given the intensity of my sheer masochistic excitement. I then began to follow
my carefully choreographed routine. I began by crawling on my wide spread knees
to the Negro, bending at the waist, and devotedly kissing his naked toes in a
display of servile submission. Then I reared back and clasped my hands behind my
head in the classic pose of a slave, and begged:

"Magnificent Sir!" I squealed in masochistic lust. "I am a slave who has erred
in her complete submission to the whims of her dominators! Please, fabulous Sir!
I have not only annoyed the Master with my obscene whining, but also your
marvelous King! My heart is filled with remorse! My soul is filled with misery!
My wanton body quakes with the intensity of my anguish at having so displeased
their glorious beings! I deserve to be punished, wondrous Sir! I deserve to be
punished without mercy! Without pity! With the utmost savagery! With the
ultimate cruelty, for my base behavior! Please! Please! Please! phenomenal Sir!
Will you consent to inflict my richly deserved punishment! Will you inflict it
without a shred of pity! Will you inflict it without an instant of mercy! My
slave body yearns to suffer! My slave nudity longs to be reduced to utter
anguish and agony! Will you consent to punish me with utter cruelty! Absolute
savagery! Immaculate brutality, so that I may, in some small way, atone for my
sins! Please, wondrous Sir! Please! Please! Please!" I cried out, my voice
cracking with masochistic craving.

Needless to say, the muscular Negro was only too pleased to inform me that he
would, indeed, punish me as I had never been punished before, and I covered his
toes with slobbering kisses in gratitude for his promised cruelty. I crawled to
the rear of the stage, and took the coiled lash of the vicious bull whip in
between my teeth, then crawled back to the man. I presented him with the whip
and, with heart pounding with masochistic lust, prepared to receive the first of
my savagely brutal punishments.

I crawled over to the bar, and draped my nudity over the perspex rod so that my
rounded arse slabs were completely, and defenselessly displayed. "Whip my slave
arse six times, kind Sir! Whip my slave arse hard!" I called out to my muscular
tormentor. I waited with bated breath while the Negro walked into position, and
snaked out the long, heavy whip then without any appreciable preparation, he
drew the long leather whip back and brought its heavy, braided lash flashing
towards its pale target.

My squeal of shock reverberated throughout the theatre when the whip cracked
loudly into the taut flesh of my submissively proffered bottom cheeks. Pure
agony flashed through my body from my wounded arse, and it was heavenly. Tears
of masochistic joy flowed down my cheeks, and I howled out to my torturer to
whip my slave arse harder, which he did, soon warming to his brutal task. The
cruel whip lashed into my quivering arse slabs over and over, raising savage
welts on their smooth skinned masses, and filling my being with gorgeous pain
and burning. To my eternal gratitude the punisher made sure that sufficient time
elapsed between each stroke for me to fully savour the pristine intensity of my
suffering, and it took him fully five minutes to deliver all six strokes.

I was profuse in my gratitude to the brutal man once it was over. I knelt before
him, waving my blazing arse slabs lewdly at the eager watchers, and thanked him
from the bottom of my heart for the cruelty he had displayed. I joyfully
informed the audience that the arse slabs I waved at them so wantonly were now
in a state that all slave arse slabs should always be, on fire with pain, and
baring the badges of the slave's punishment. I continued to debase myself before
the prisoners, until my masochistic urges once again took over my consciousness,
and I almost involuntarily prepared for stage two of my planned punishment.

I crawled back to the table that contained the instruments of my suffering, and
carefully placed the coiled up bull whip back in its place. I then took the long
thin cane in my mouth and crawled back to the impassively waiting Negro. After
slobbering a fresh series of kisses of submission on his toes I presented him
with the cane. This time I didn't immediately implore him to use the evil
instrument on my quivering nudity. Rather, I placed my body in the position I
had planned for the first of three ordeals I was to endure with the brutal cane.
I knelt before the bar and carefully placed my soft tits over it so that their
topsides were made available for punishment. Once in position I then made my
submissive plea.

"Wondrous Sir!" I almost yelled, such was my masochistic excitement and eager
yearning to suffer. "My slave tits long to suffer at your glorious hands! Cane
the tops of my slave tits hard six times! Show the slave tits no mercy, fabulous
Sir!" I pleaded, watching the muscular man get into a position where he could
accede to my servile demands. I noted, with pride, that his monster penis was
beginning to stiffen under the minuscule covering of his supple leather G
string. He raised the brutal cane high, paused for effect, then brought it
flashing down to its submissively offered targets with all the force he could
muster.

My squeal of absolute agony reverberated around the packed theatre when the thin
cane sliced deeply into the tender meat of my tits. I stared down at my wounded
tits with surges of masochistic ecstasy flooding my shuddering nudity, marveling
at the sight of an ugly, livid weal that seemed to erupt on their creamy masses
where the cane had sliced them so ferociously. I babbled out my pleas for the
next stroke, to be delivered harder, and more savagely to the suffering mounds.
My mind was no longer capable of real coherent thoughts, only with the feral
craving to suffer and suffer the glorious pain that my tormentor inflicted.

The remaining five strokes of the cane were delivered in measured strokes, with
at least a minute between each, so that I could fully savour my pain and
suffering. My squeals of hurt were the only sounds that seemed to be evident
within the theatre. The audience watched in complete awed silence, both amazed
at my capacity to suffer, and filled with the excitement that watching a slave
being punished always seemed to raise, regardless of whether or not the viewer
is actually a sadist. When all six strokes had been delivered, and my swollen
tit tops were decorated with six livid weals, the badges of my suffering, I was
even more profuse in expressing my gratitude to the fabulous black tormentor.

Then, with my heart quivering with servile lust I flipped my nudity around, and
draped my tits over the bar once again. This time the exquisitely soft
undersides of the swollen mounds were presented for vicious punishment. Once I
was satisfied, I almost sobbed out my abject pleas to suffer, "Fabulous
punisher! My slave tits are not suffering enough! Cane the soft, tender
undersides of the slave tits as hard as you can! Put you back into it, wondrous
Sir! Make the fat udders throb with agony! Cane the tits as hard as you can,
Please! Please! Please! Please, merciless Sir!"

My wails of anguish were music to my ears when the first savagely stroke sliced
deeply into the soft meat of my tit bellies, and a surge of immaculate pain
consumed me. I babbled out my thanks to my tormentor, while imploring him to be
ever more vicious, ever more merciless. The strokes were delivered with the same
measured precision by the Negro, and I suffered the exquisite agony with joy and
masochistic elation. My brain was exploding with servile happiness. I was in the
state that a slave longed to be in, always, forever, constant pain, relentless
suffering, divine anguish!

The only thing that had me not filled with anguished loss when the full six
strokes had been mercilessly delivered, and begging for more, was the fact that
there was more, even more fabulous pain and suffering to come, and I longed for
it with all my being. I flipped the bar over so that now its square surface
faced upwards,  then, with infinite care, place the stiff masses of my
enormously swollen teats on it. The long thick nubbins of female passion looked
deliciously defenseless, resting firmly on the hard perspex. They throbbed with
masochistic pleasure, and seemed to beg for their punishment. Since they were
not capable of doing this, I did it for them.

"My slave teats!" I cried, my voice racked with sobs of delight. "My slave teats
must suffer! My slave tits are on fire with glorious pain! My slave teats must
join them so that the punishment of my slave tits is complete! Cane the servile
teats with all your might, magnificent Sir! Cane them hard! Cane slave teats
mercilessly! Cane slave teats forever, Pitiless Sir!" I begged with joyous
masochistic fervor. I yearned beyond imagining for my swollen, steel hard teats
to join my tits in sheer agonised anguish, and could not wait for it to happen.

The huge Negro took careful aim with the vicious cane, the brought it flashing
down towards its pair of delicate targets. My wails of pure agonised anguish
rent the still air, and my teats erupted in immaculate, fiery agony. The pain
was truly terrific, and I almost came on the spot. Somehow I kept my tormented
teats in place, in readiness for the next stroke, and almost incoherently begged
and pleaded for it to be delivered, only harder! Harder! It arrived with awful
precision, squashing the meat of my pain filled nubbins into the unyielding bar,
and filling me with glorious pain. The punisher delivered all six strokes with
savage ferocity, and unerring accuracy. I watched each land on my swollen teats
with utter masochistic joy, and marveled at my ability to suffer. It took me a
few seconds to realise that it was over, and my squeals reduced to mere whimpers
in the aftermath.

My fabulously punished teats had swollen to twice their normal size, and
throbbed in agony, but I loved it, adored it. My babbling of gratitude to the
cruel man were heart rending, and immaculately submissive. I waved my
wonderfully punished tits at the audience while I thanked him from the depths of
my soul for his savage cruelty. As the moments flew by, and I slowly regained
some semblance of self control, my mind began to sing with the anticipation of
the climax of my ordeal. All that had happened to date was merely preparation
for the main event. The pain I had suffered up until now was purely designed to
raise the level of my masochistic craving to such a pitch that only the horrific
agony that I was about to suffer could hope to appease it.

I returned the cane to its place on the table, and with trembling anticipation,
took the heavy leather tawse between my teeth. I had to clench my teeth tightly
on the hard leather before crawling back to my cruel tormentor, so heavy was the
instrument of punishment. I lay it before the muscular Negro, then slobbered
kissed on his toes, allowing my soft tongue to wriggle between his digits to
display to him the utter happiness of my submission. Then I rose up and allowed
my mouth to present the pain giving tawse to him. The man took the instrument
from my mouth and stepped back to listen while I begged.

"Oh fabulous, wondrous Sir!" I squealed in sheer masochistic lust. "My slave
cunt split is swollen with obscene lust! My slave cunt split is drooling with
depraved lechery! My slave cunt slug is as stiff as steel, and throbs with lewd
wantonness! You must punish my depraved cunt split for its wanton obscenity,
magnificent Sir! You must thrash the obscene cunt with all your might,
spectacular Sir! You must flog the lewd cunt split with all the force your
mighty arm can muster, sensational Sir! My slave cunt split yearns to suffer! My
slave cunt split craves its agony! My slave cunt split longs for the whip to
batter its lewd meat! You must thrash the obscene lust from my slave, whore,
lewd, obscene cunt split magnificent Sir!" I squealed in a fit of lust crazed,
masochistic excitement.

Then, on the fly, I altered, subtly, the choreography of my exhibition such was
the intensity that my masochistic lust had been driven to. "And finally,
wondrous Sir!" I shrieked in utter lust. "While your marvelously strong arm
thrashes the obscene lust from my wanton slave cunt split! While your gloriously
powerful arm flogs the depraved passion from my slave whore cunt! Allow me to
demonstrate my utter submission to your glorious being, my fabulous punisher!
Force me, extraordinary Sir, to display my utter surrender to you , even as you
honour my obscene cunt split, by thrashing it to lust crazed agony! Please!
Please! Please! wondrous Sir! And the more servile and utterly submissive my
display of surrender to you is, the more savage and merciless your punishment of
my slattern slave cunt split must be, until adored Sir, my surrender is
immaculate, and my punished cunt split sprays out its lust in helpless
submission to your glorious magnificence!"

While my obscene ravings were reverberating around the theatre, and entertaining
the rapt audience, Trudy had been busy setting up the props for the climax of my
exhibition. Two chains with cuff hooks attached had been lowered from the
ceiling above the bar. Two small extensions had been screwed into the tops of
the poles supporting the bar, and each of these was equipped with a hook as
well. Trudy stood in front of the bar when I approached, blocking the view of
the audience, as planned, while my body was to be attended to.

My ankles were quickly attached to the tops of the poles, causing my legs to be
spread to at least one hundred and eighty degrees, with my welted arse cheeks
pressing into the centre of the bar. This, of course, displayed my cunt split in
graphic detail. My wrists were then attached to the chains, and their lengths
were adjusted so that my head hung at the level of my punisher's groin, with my
fabulously punished, grotesquely swollen tits pointing straight up from my
horizontal torso.

Trudy then stood back, and the audience was greeted with the utterly debauched
sight of my lewd cunt split, gaping out at them in all its depraved glory. They
could clearly see how hugely aroused my cunt was. How stiff and exposed my rock
hard cunt slug was. How utterly obscenely my cunt pit mouth drooled the juices
of my masochistic lust. It must have shocked some of the audience, how a girl
could be so obviously sexually stimulated after having been the subject of such
brutal punishment, not to mention the even more barbaric punishment to come!
They were learning quickly what a masochist's real cravings were.

My cruel punisher then approached my contorted nudity. He, knowing what was
expected, had already carefully moved the leather thong of his G string out from
the crack between his muscular buttocks, and I gazed up in sheer submissive
rapture while he threw his leg over my head, and settled. I noted, as the man's
thighs brushed against my flushed cheeks, that his mighty penis was now in full
erection, and the stiff pole was threatening to tear apart the supple leather of
his stretched out G string. My mouth watered with longing, and I prayed that the
man would permit me to suck his virile penis off for him after he had completed
my ordeal under the tawse.

I gazed up at my tormentor's split open bottom cheeks, my face flushing at the
sight of the ridged anal ring that peeped out at me from within that dark
recess. I raised my face in utter submission, my blushing cheeks pressing firmly
into the moist flesh of the humid, musky chasm. My lips pressed up firmly to
that spicy little hole and my soft tongue swept submissively over it, flooding
my senses with the lurid flavours of ripe arsehole. My heart fluttered with
servile delight, and my stretched out thighs quivered in eager anticipation of
the glorious agony to come.

Having thoroughly moistened the Negro's spicy arse ring, I drove my enthusiastic
tongue as deeply into his pungent rectum as was humanly possible. The man's
muscular bottom cheeks closed in firmly on my heated face and I heard the
momentary whistle of the tawse. Then my cunt split erupted in pure, immaculate
agony when the heavy leather tawse smashed into its delicate meat, crushing the
erect spike of my girl prick almost flat, and causing a spray of lust juice to
erupt from the tormented trench. I moaned and howled into my tormentor's spicy
rectum while my nudity shook with agony.

My cruel punisher snapped his muscular anal ring tightly shut on the root of my
buried tongue, effectively muting my howls of sheer agony, while he brutally
pounded the meat of my pain soaked cunt split, over and over, and with ever more
merciless force with the heavy leather pain instrument. All I could do was
suffer and suffer, while my cunt spewed oceans of lust cream, and pain climax
after pain climax racked my body, causing my swollen savagely punished tits to
roll and shudder on my chest.

The cruel Negro smashed my agonised cunt over and over, showing no pity to me
what so ever. I wallowed in my abject misery, my masochistic brain buzzing in
immaculate rapture, and my wails and howls of sheer suffering being deliciously
muted by the man's glorious arsehole. On and on it went, without letup, and I
prayed to the God of slaves for it never to stop. My cruelly abused cunt split
erupted in orgasm after orgasm until it could explode no longer, and my whole
body went slack with sheer physical exhaustion.

My punisher, noting this, and thinking that I had fainted from sheer agony,
ceased whipping me, and allowed his arse ring to release my tongue. I was not,
of course, unconscious, merely utterly sated. My chest heaved wildly while I
fought for breath, and attempted to regain some modicum of control. Trudy
quickly moved over to us and released my ankles and wrists from the poles and
chains. I collapsed into a heap of shuddering nudity onto the floor in front of
my sweating tormentor. My babbled gratitude to him for treating me with such
exquisite savagery was almost entirely incoherent.

I gazed up at the man who had whipped me so beautifully with tears still
trickling down my cheeks. My eyes were wide with pleading lust, and when I
dropped them to his crotch and stared fixedly at the huge bulge of his throbbing
stiff penis he got the idea, and dropped a hand down to his hip. He unclasped
the thong of his leather G string, and allowed the skimpy, erotic garment fell
away revealing the magnificent pole of his enormous penis to my lust crazed
eyes.

I immediately bent low and began to kiss the Negro's toes in a fit of submissive
lust, glancing up to his face from time to time, praying for a signal that he
would permit me to pleasure his fabulous penis. The cruel man forced me to
debase myself for at least five minutes before he relented, or was it that his
own lusts got the better of him? He leered down at my groveling, savagely
punished nudity, then pointed to his penis with one finger.

I immediately reared up on my knees, my face shining with delight, and my
brutally punished tits shuddering violently. I bent my face forward and, with a
reverence bordering on religious fanaticism, pressed my lips to the throbbing
stalk of powerful male sexuality. The sheer heat of the penis caused my heart to
pound with lust, and I could actually feel it throbbing through my soft lips.
With a surge of immaculate rapture, I allowed my tongue to sweep up the full
length of the enormous penis, from its thick base, to the hot swollen tip. My
taste buds were flooded with the luscious flavours of feral male sexuality, and
I loved it, I adored it so!

My blood raced with lust! It was time for the ultimate reward! I opened my
submissive mouth as wide as I could, then enveloped the ripe plumb of the penis
head in my hot, wet, adoring mouth. I was literally in paradise! To have such a
gorgeous specimen of male sexuality in my mouth, and to adore it so, was
pleasure almost beyond my capacity to endure. I sucked at the penis head with
all of the passion that had built up in me throughout my brutal punishment, and
this fabulous man had done it all to me, with such sublime cruelty, and sacred
sadism. He deserved to have me suck his superb penis with such passion, such
devotion, such undying adoration for ever.

I drove my mouth down on the glorious penis until its drooling head was firmly
lodged in the back of my gulping throat, and worshipped it with helpless
surrender. It pulsated wildly in my mouth, and began to jerk wildly. Obviously
the Negro was hugely stimulated and aroused, firstly by the whipping he had
administered, then by the sheer passion with which my servile mouth sucked for
his pleasure. I knew that he would not last long, and went at him with ever
increasing passion, until, with a roar of triumph, his spasming penis flooded my
throat with a veritable ocean of rich, ripe, creamy penis juice. It filled my
mouth, ballooning my cheeks with its volume, and I swallowed in a fit of
submissive ecstasy. I gulped down his issue with feral yearning, drinking the
spurting penis dry, then squeezing out every last drop that it had to offer.

Trudy, once she saw that I had exhausted my punisher completely, closed the
curtains to the stage. That night, perhaps because I had suffered so cruelly,
thus proving to the little transsexual, that I was the equal of my brother in
submissive character, he allowed me to share his bed with he, and his own
personal lover. Trudy, because of his exulted status in the prison, was allowed,
by the King, to have a personal lover, and his was a particularly beautiful
young boy with one of the most perfect penises I had ever laid eyes on. It was
not huge, but perfectly shaped, and able to perform with the recovery of youth.

We spent the night immersed in sheer sexual delight. I sucked that fresh young
penis, and drank my fill of its glorious issue. The boy fucked my in both my
holes, and arse fucked his paramour while I sucked the lovely transsexual's tiny
penis for him. In short, we engaged in erotic play for hours and hours. So much
so that when I was returned to the docks the next morning, for the journey back
to the chateau, I could barely keep my eyes open, I was so sexually, and
physically exhausted. Thus ended my first trip to the male prison. There were
many others to follow, but at fairly infrequent intervals, and I looked forward
to them with eager anticipation.




Chapter 13 - A Day at the Races - John's Story

The small race track that we had seen on our very first tour of the chateau, and
that had filled us with such wonder, was officially opened about two months
after we had arrived. The delay in having the first 'meeting' was brought about
by the need to design, and have built the chariots that the "horses" would be
forced to pull around the small circular track. The chateau sluts, both males
and females, and, of course, June and I were the 'horses' that would be used.
The three sluts, of either sex, would race against the members of their own
sexes, and June and I would compete against each other.

Obviously handicaps were needed to equalise the obvious strength differences
between June and I, to make it a fair contest when we raced. To achieve this two
basic rules were implemented. The first of these was designed purely to slow me
down a little, regardless of the other. This one ensured that my testicles would
be subjected to the equivalent of dragging a two kilogram weight while I raced.
Master considered that this would serve sufficiently to reduce my natural
advantage over my slave sister. The second was the appointment of two
'handicappers', one to each of us. In keeping with Master's sadistic humour
June's handicapper was a strongly homosexual male member, and mine one of the
most virulent, man hating lesbians in the chateau's membership. The two , after
applying handicaps, then swapped, and served as our drivers.

The appointment of these two, of course, was almost as important as the actual
race to the membership, because they were to dream up the most bizarre and
painful methods of handicapping June and I for each race we contested. The
members wagered quite large sums on the races, and each of our handicappers,
while observing some limits which Master set, were able to apply handicaps to
each of us, to the wildest depths of their imaginations. June and I raced five
times at a normal meeting. After each race the winner was granted a prize. If
June won she was permitted to feast on the pussy of my lesbian handicapper, and
if I won I was allowed to suck the delicious cream from the penis of June's
handicapper. It was the thought of winning this waiting prize that urged us on,
as much as the competitive nature we both possessed. The nature of the race
prize, of course, also ensured that the two handicapper's were competing as
vigorously as we were.

The two handicappers chosen were picked, as much because they were of similar
strength and stature, as for their inherent sadism. This was to make sure that
all other things were kept as equal as possible because the handicappers also
served as our drivers as we dragged our chariots around the circular track,
while they whipped us on to increase our speed.. The two drivers were only able
to subject us to three different forms of handicap each race, and they weren't
allowed to repeat any for more than two races on the same day. In addition, as
the number of race meetings conducted increased, Master kept a ledger of
handicaps so that they couldn't continually repeat those that seemed to ensure
that their 'horse' would win.

At the completion of each race meeting the overall winner, that is to say the
one who had won a minimum of three of the races was granted the grand prize. If
it was June she was publicly fucked by the three male sluts in an orgy of
perverted sex, and if it was me, then I was similarly rewarded, but with the
female sluts. The loser was not as delightfully rewarded, but was rewarded none
the less, for their losing efforts. The reward for the loser consisted of being
brought off by a maid or valet before the watching race goers. Not, as one might
imagine, just once, but repeatedly. If it was me then I could expect the hands
of  valets to wank my prick until it had spat at least five times, and if it
were June, then she could expect to lose count of the number of times that 
maids would frig her cunt slug to climax.

On race day, which soon became one of the most popular, and regularly attended
events at the chateau, the members would all turn up and lounge around on the
grassy mound that surrounded the track. Maids and valets would soon be flitting
in and out of the groups, serving them drinks and tasty snacks, and, of course,
submitting to their sexual demands if required. The whores would all attend,
dressed in their most erotic finery, and were constantly practicing their trade.
A betting ring was set up with a couple of footmen running it, to cater for the
gamblers among the membership, which included most of the members. Master, of
course, was the bookmaker, and made considerable sums on race days.

Each race meeting began with two slut races. The sluts dragged around
lightweight buggies and were driven on by a trio of the lightest maids. They
were not whipped while they ran, but were erotically decorated for the races.
They had tiny bells hanging from their teats, and, in the case of the males,
dangling from the loose skin folds behind the heads of their ever erect penises,
and with the females, from their plump, smooth pussy lips. While the sluts
strained and struggled to drag the buggies around the track these bells set up
delicious and bizarrely erotic tingling sounds.

It was gorgeously erotic to watch the enormous tits of the females bounce while
they ran and, of course, the strong, stiff penises of the males swaying to and
fro between their pumping thighs as they stretched out. Once the first two races
had been completed, and all bets had been settled, it was time for our first
contest. June and I were kept in mock horse stalls while we awaited our turns.
Our handicappers also acted as strappers, and were responsible for preparing us
to race. We were led from our small enclosure, to the ornate, and bizarrely set
up chariots that we were to drag around the track.

We were, of course, entirely naked, although we wore all of our rings, but these
were unlocked in our crotches. My penis was fully erect, and June's cunt split
swollen and aroused. We were attached to our chariots singly, so that the race
goers could watch each of our preparations before deciding on which of us to
place their bets. Another reason for placing us in our race postures one at a
time was also, I suspect, to add to the sensual excitement such preparations.
The audience could be entertained by the sight of our plush nudities being
prepared for both pain, and awkward, obscene displays while we raced.

June was handled first, for the initial race of our five event series. The man
who was her handicapper began by strapping her wrists and elbows to the two
stays that reached out from the body of the chariot. This meant, that for this
race he had decided that she would be bent at the waist, and so I would have to
be too, to keep the playing field level. It also meant, of course, that her
heavy tits would be drooping down from her horizontal torso. He next strapped
her narrow waist between the stays to keep her in place, and to, of course,
allow her body to take the strain of the drag. This was always the case for both
of us, because, after all, we were not to be prepared in a manner that would
make it nigh on to impossible for us to drag the chariots. While we were
expected to suffer while we raced, and to provide an obscene spectacle to amuse
the punters, the race was still a race, and money was being risked on the
outcome, so we had to be able to perform at something like our peak
capabilities.

June's handicapper then went about the serious business of applying his chosen
handicaps to her body. These were designed both to make her feel pain while she
raced, and to try to slow down her progress by making her body have to
compensate for them. The first he chose for this race was one kilogram weights
to be hung from the rings in her stiff teats. Once the weights were in place
their masses caused June's tits to be savagely stretched down towards the ground
below her bent over torso, the teats being stretched out unmercifully. The man
then thrust an enormous dildo into her hot, tight arse pit, and attached a
ratchet to its base. This would cause the mighty rubber penis to plunge in and
out of her arse pit with long, full and relentless strokes, driven by a gear on
the axle of the chariot. It is debatable as to whether or not this was a real
handicap, for the faster she went the more vigorously the dildo would fuck her
arse, and this, obviously, would in fact be an incentive, not a hindrance.

The final handicap applied to June was a carefully placed whip that would also
be worked by a spindle attached to the chariot axle. The thin leather lash of
this whip would thrash June's cunt slug with unerring accuracy as she ran. It
too, of course, would flay her throbbing cunt slug harder and harder, the faster
she ran. Once again it is arguable as to whether or not this would be a true
handicap, more than likely, in my estimation, it would prove to be an inducement
to greater effort on her part, for I knew that she adored having her hot, stiff
cunt cock thrashed.

My handicapper went into action immediately June's had completed her
preparations. The cruel lesbian began by adjusting the simulated weight that my
abused testicles would have to drag around by an extra kilogram. I whimpered
with hurt when this act stretched my tender bulbs out painfully, and my feet
actually stamped the grass helplessly while I suffered. The handicapper then
attached a spurt inhibitor to the base of my thick, stiff penis, tightening it
savagely. Once this strap was in place she placed a rubber ring over the swollen
head of my penis, and drove it down to the base of the throbbing stalk. This
ring was attached to a small arm which was, in turn, attached to an axle driven
lever that would masturbate my throbbing penis faster and faster the quicker I
ran, driving me to dry climax, over and over. The rubber ring would masturbate
my pulsating stalk in time to my running, and, of course, the faster I ran, the
faster my penis would be masturbated.

The final handicap for me were two similar sized weights being hung from my
little teats, to those that pulled so insistently from June's stretched down
tits. For me, although, the weights would be much more painful, for I didn't
have a pair of big tits to take some of their force. All was in readiness. Our
two handicappers now became our drivers, although, as mentioned, they swapped
for this purpose, the male driving me, and the woman, June. A starting gun
cracked loudly, and the first race was under way, and would not be over until
three circuits of the track had been completed.

My arse cheeks erupted in fire when my driver lashed them viciously with his
buggy whip, to get me going. I shrieked with hurt when my legs began to pump,
and my testicles took the full strain of three kilos of weight. My chest heaved,
and tears poured from my eyes, making it difficult to see where I was going. By
the time I had blinked them clear I found that I was a long way behind June. The
whip lashed my rolling arse mounds with feral ferocity, as the driver attempted
to urge me on, to catch up the lost ground.

I squealed and shrieked out my agony while my pace quickened to a trot, and the
masturbation of my achingly rigid penis was becoming furious, but this was not
getting me any nearer to June, who seemed to have boundless energy, and was
urged on by her driver, her whip flashing down onto June's wildly rolling bottom
slabs. June's tits swung wildly with her furious gait, but she seemed totally
impervious to the handicap that the weights dangling from her stretched out
teats was supposed to cause. I knew by the beginning of the third lap of the
track, and my second dry climax, that I had no hope of winning this first race,
and decided, despite the viciousness with which my disappointed driver whipped
my arse, to attempt to conserve some energy for the next event.

June duly won the race and my handler was none too gentle when he removed my
profusely sweating nudity from the chariot. I contemplated my still stinging,
lividly welted arse while watching June, with surges of sheer jealousy consuming
me. She, of course, knelt before her lesbian handler, and my handicapper, and
had her face between the woman's spread thighs, and was feasting eagerly on her
hot, wet, hairy pussy. June passionately sucked the woman until she was fed a
flood of ripe woman juice.

Our respective handlers then hosed us down, dried us off, and tethered us in our
stalls to wait while another brace of slut races was conducted. Our second race
followed much the same pattern as the initial one. My handicapper retained the
same method on me, as did June's, and the result was the same and I found myself
with a well whipped arse to ponder while June got to suck another flood of joy
juice from her lesbian's spasming pussy.

Things changed for June and my third race. As I mentioned earlier, the
handicappers were not permitted to use any one impediment more than twice at the
same meeting. This meant, for me, that my rock hard penis could no longer be
masturbated, and forced to erupt in those terrible, energy sapping dry orgasms.
My testicles were full to bursting point from the six such climaxes that I had
already been subjected to during the first two contests. Of course, June's
handicapper had not yet subjected her to the same sexual torment, but now it was
to be her turn to do so because her handicapper had transferred the mighty dildo
from her tight arse to her flowing cunt pit. I wondered what effect relentless
masturbation would have on her performance because, unlike me, my sister slave
has never learnt to control her wanton cunt split, and she would come and come
while the dildo fucked her with impersonal precision, sapping both strength and
endurance.

To add to June's sexual torment her handicapper replaced the lace that had been
used to flay her stiff, hot cunt slug during the first two encounters with a
cluster of feathers that would drive her wild with pleasure as they teased and
stimulated the throbbing sex slug with relentless precision. And to complete the
horrific sexual torment she would be subjected to, he set up a series of soft
suede whips that would sensuously whip her hanging tits while she ran. To the
uninitiated it might seem that June was being treated softly, not being
subjected to any form of pain handicap, other than the flogging of her arse
cheeks by her driver. It might have been seen as an attempt to make sure she won
yet again, but nothing could have been further from the truth. Her sexual
torment would be so intense that she would run the race in a state of continual
climax, and this would not only take her mind off her performance, but would
also, of course, serve to sap her energy mightily.

In my case it was a matter of what comes around goes around. In the first place
the horrific strain on my testicles could no longer be applied. Now I had only
to drag around the equivalent of two kilograms, not the three of the first two
races. One can not imagine the difference that makes. You might think that such
a small reduction might not be all that important, but I can assure you that it
is. In fact, it seemed to me that almost all of the strain was being removed,
and my testicles, now so full of unreleased juice that they seemed ready to
burst, existed in a state of delicious pain.

My handicapper decided to treat my sap filled testicles to a little additional
attention. The spindle, driven by the axle of the chariot was equipped with
twenty or so quite heavy laces of thin leather. These would flay my bulging
testicles with ever more vicious vigor the faster I went. Two straps of quite
heavy leather would also be driven to thrash my chest, and particularly my
stiff, abused little teats. Because my handicapper had used the first two races
to masturbate my rigid penis, she was not able to repeat this process. Instead
she introduced an enormous dildo into my hot, tight, arse pit, this too was
driven by the axle of the chariot, and would fuck my arse with long deep strokes
while I ran.

A blistering stroke of the buggy whip on my bulging arse slabs signaled to me
that the contest had begun, and I began to work my legs and thighs with all the
vigor I possessed. My chariot moved off slowly, and the straps and laces hardly
made any impression on me at all and, of course, that huge dildo plunged slowly
in and out of my writhing arse tunnel, causing me to be filled with glorious
pleasure. All of this changed as I got into my stride.

If the truth be known the fact that I was being subjected to pain, predominantly
actually served to induce greater effort on my part. My strong masochistic urges
took control and I realised that, not only would I win the race, but would also
punish myself more and more exquisitely, the faster I dragged the chariot along,
and so it was. Soon my testicles were singing with agony as the cruel laces
literally flayed their swollen masses. The fabulous dildo raped my arse tube
with consummate cruelty, and the straps exploding into my teats were merely a
delicious adjunct to my suffering.

By the third circuit of the track I was a considerable distance in front of my
slave sister, and it became obvious that I would win this round with
considerable ease. This in no way tempered my efforts as I was now much more
interested in increasing my suffering than I was in winning the race, and it
hardly even registered when the gun signaled my win. My handler even had to
dismount the chariot to stop me from running at the end of the race. He had a
vested interest, of course, in conserving my energy, for there were still two
more contests to be conducted.

June had to stand in her stall and watch in envy while I received my winning
prize. My sweating nudity knelt submissively before my smiling handler. I gazed
adoringly at the man's lovely stiff penis arching up so alluringly before my
overjoyed eyes. I wasted no time in partaking of my reward and soon my eager
mouth and gulping throat were crammed with the length of male sexuality. I
sucked the delicious penis with all the passion of my situation, and its
throbbing length drove in and out of my adoring mouth with growing passion. The
penis, all too soon for my liking, bathed the back of my throat with a flood of
its delectable manly cream, and I swallowed every drop with sensations of sheer
happiness flooding my very soul, and my own achingly stiff penis throbbing in
submissive shame, and delicious humiliation.

The fourth race followed an almost identical pattern to the third, because our
handicaps were similar. I won this race with considerable ease, and was
rewarded, of course, by being permitted to suck the penis of my handler. This
second bout of penis sucking was even more enjoyable for me, because it occurred
so soon after I had drained the lovely organ the first time. I was able to suck
the penis for much longer, and to savour its virile manliness to the full before
it again fed me a load of male sexual cream to drink with slavish joy.

Thus we came to the final race being tied at two wins apiece. We were both
strapped to our chariots in the full standing position for this final contest.
As both handicappers had exhausted their opportunities to inflict sexual torment
on us, we were to be subjected to pain handicaps only, for this final test. This
allowed the sadistic, man hating lesbian to give full vent to her natural
cruelty, and my masochistic juices flowed with eager anticipation of what her
imagination would dream up for me to endure. I now found out why she had
completely neglected my penis in her previous painful attentions. It was to be
the principal focus for my punishment during this final race.

The cruel handicapper began by enclosing my penis stalk, just below the
fabulously swollen head, in a tight leather collar. Then she attached this
collar to one of the chariot stays, forcing my stiff sex pole to be bent out
from my hairless fork at right angles. This meant that its entire length was
completely exposed, and vulnerable to terrible punishment. Then she attached
three whipping instruments to the main axle driven spindle. The first of these
consisted of two stiff leather straps that were designed to pound the length of
my stalk, up to about an inch from the collar that trapped its head. Each of
these would strike on either side of the trapped column of sexual depravity. The
second also consisted of two items, but these were thin, non flexible wires that
were designed to flay that last inch, especially the sensitive loose folds of
meat behind the head. The final instrument of torment was, of course, set up to
punish the head of my trapped penis with horrific savagery. This one consisted
of a dozed thin wires, each tipped with a tiny metal ball, kind of like a series
of medieval maces. Not all the wires were of the same length, so that every part
of the fleshy head would be punished, none of the tender meat would escape the
battering that the metal balls would impart.

My handicapper didn't even bother with a third impediment to my concentration on
the race. She obviously considered that the agony that my throbbing penis would
be forced to endure, the faster that I ran, would be sufficient to keep me from
winning, for the faster I went, the more savage would the punishment of my penis
be. The sadistic creature didn't know me as well as she thought. Self punishment
was something that I reveled in, and normally, when my punishment was left in my
own hands, then I strove to make it as terrible, and as unrelenting as was
humanly possible. In short, her sadistically applied handicap would in fact spur
me on to greater efforts.

As for June, her handicapper concentrated all of his efforts on her swollen and
excited sex as well. He, however, didn't let one of his opportunities go, as his
colleague had with me. A pair of heavy straps were set up to pound the meat of
June's outer cunt split lips all along their lengths. A single mace would batter
the soft meat of her dripping cunt pit mouth. And, finally, a set of ten thin
wires would lace the stiff little stalk of her almost fully exposed cunt slug.

With all our preparations complete we were led off to the starting line in
readiness for the race to begin. Our handlers mounted the chariots and took up
their buggy whips. Then puppy, the designated starter, took up her position. My
heart pounded with masochistic lust, and eager anticipation of the pain and
suffering to come. But I was in a quandary, mentally. I would love to wallow in
sheer sexually debauchery with a trio of female sluts. My aching penis plunging
into their hot wet cunt pits, or up their tight arse pits, and especially in
their gulping, passionately sucking mouths, would send me to lascivious
paradise. My tongue tasting their spicy cunts, teasing the teats that capped
their mountainous tits, or savouring the musky flavours of their pungent arse
rings would leave me in total obscene happiness.

But could my submissive mind do without the sheer humiliation of being brought
off by a series of valets in front the crowd of race goers. Could I possible
forgo the shame that would consume me while they watched the efficient fist of a
valet wank me until my throbbing penis exploded, and the juices of my aching
balls sprayed the grass, over and over. June, of course, would have similar
thoughts going through her depraved brain too. But she, I'm sure would have been
thinking along opposite lines. Her shame and humiliation would be much more
keenly felt if she were to be subjected to gang fucking by three enormously
pricked male sluts. A girl can be much more graphically debased when used by
three males than a boy can by similar use by a trio of females. So she would be
much more submissively fulfilled by being gang fucked, than by being brought off
manually.

In view of all of the above, this was not a real race. June would be striving to
win at all costs, to be forced to surrender to her lust with three sluts for the
entertainment of the audience, while I strove to lose so that my humiliation
would be completed by the obscene spectacle of having my penis masturbated in
full view of the race goers. In fact, after the first few race meetings, the
climax was changed considerably, to ensure that the gamblers received a fair
contest. The only thing left for me to ponder, while I waited for the gun to go
off, was how to both lose, and to still force the whips to punish my throbbing
penis with the utmost savagery.

The answer, of course, was obvious. I would shorten my stride, almost to the
point of running on the spot. Therefore allowing June to win the race, while, at
the same time, ensuring that the punishment of my stiff, throbbing penis would
still be as cruel and savage as possible. In future meetings this ploy was
eradicated by making the final rewards equally attractive to we slaves. The
starting gun went off with a loud crack, and we were off.

My hearted pounded while the whips slowly began to strike the erect stalk of my
penis, stinging it beautifully. June edged ahead while her cunt split was
punished for her efforts. Then I began to put my plan into practice. My legs
began to pump wildly, but my forward progress was in no way commensurate with
the effort. But, however, the whips that punished my penis began to flay the
fire laden pole of lust with exquisite cruelty. I reveled in the agony being
inflicted on my penis with masochistic elation flooding my senses. It was so
good, and so right, that my penis was being whipped so brutally for my deceit.

My handler took a few minutes to catch on to what I was doing. Once he did, of
course, his buggy whip, which was almost casually flogging my mincing bottom
cheeks up until then, began to be swung with ever growing intensity as he fought
to urge me on. I merely wallowed in the increased pain and suffering and, if
anything, made my progress even more tardy. I deserved to be punished for what I
was doing. To be punished mercilessly! To be punished forever!

By the time June finally crossed the finishing line, with me lagging at least
thirty meters behind, my penis was throbbing in agony, my arse slabs were
brutally welted, but, of course, my brain was exploding with masochistic
elation. I struggled to the finishing line, and was filled with sadness when
this signaled the end of my painful ordeal. My handler quickly went about
freeing my sweating nudity from the carriage, as did June's. Once we were freed
we were quickly hosed down, and prepared for the climax of the meeting.

A large square of rubber matting was placed on the grass in front of the small,
packed grandstand. The three male sluts, naked and magnificent, moved into
position, standing on the side furthermost from the stand, each with his huge
penis in glorious erection, in obvious anticipation of the sexual debauchery to
come. June knelt, with knees spread wide, before the trio and began to lewdly
flaunt her plush nudity at them, driving the level of their lusts up and up. She
reached down into her smooth, hairless fork with both hands and spread the lips
of her cunt wide to reveal the palpitating cunt pit mouth, drooling with lust
juice. The wanton slut dipped the fingers of one hand deeply into her convulsing
cunt tube covering the digits with a rich coating of lust juice. Then she
withdrew the fingers, and drove them past her arse ring and buried them equally
deeply into her tight hot arse pit, preparing that tight, hot hole for its
imminent violation.

While all this was going on I was being prepared for my own shameful exhibition.
My wrists were cuffed and then attached to a beam over my head, and I was
suspended until my toes barely touched the grass. Then my ankles were cuffed and
my legs drawn widely apart and fixed in place. This left me hanging at the rear
of the rubber mat with my aching, well whipped penis arching out from my
hairless fork, throbbing with the intensity of my lust. My handler had
complained about my lack of performance in the final race to Master, and had
been granted permission to paddle my arse slabs while June was being gang
fucked, so that I would be even more brutally punished for my tardiness and
deceit.

My welted arse slabs erupted in fresh pain when the first stroke of the heavy
leather paddle smashed into them, and my brain exploded with masochistic joy. I
watched in awe while the three sluts approached the lewdly cavorting slave on
the mat. She grinned lasciviously at their swaying penises, reaching out to the
one that reached her first and swallowing as much of the enormous organ as her
mouth could hold. The other two muscular males manhandled June's arse until one
had thrust his penis deeply into her drooling cunt pit. The third spilt her
voluptuous bottom cheeks wide, and drove his magnificent erection up her arse
tube, to the hilt.

The three sluts went at June with a vengeance, fucking her in all her holes of
lust with complete depraved abandon. Junes arse cheeks, gleaming with sweat,
began to writhe and undulate as she sought to accept the enormous sexual poles
that so rudely violated her. Her heavy tits flew about on her chest while she
sucked and sucked on the fabulous penis sawing in and out of her gaping mouth.
She completely lost herself in her lust and depravity, and was soon coming in a
continual series of climactic explosions.

The slut she sucked was the first to come, and I watched in sheer envy while he
emptied his balls into her gulping mouth. The force of his explosion was such
that she was unable to swallow quickly enough, and small rivulets of creamy ball
juice seeped from the corners of her grotesquely stretched lips. She drank the
slut dry, and used the fingers of both hands to squeeze the slut's lust stalk,
and fat balls to ensure that not a drop was left. Just as she completed draining
that slut's cock, the one driving his huge penis in and out of her now gaping
arse ring began to empty his load into that humid tube, and her arse slabs
writhed in utter ecstasy while her rear passage was deluged in virile man cum.

The slut she had sucked off tore his still strongly erect penis from her mouth,
and moved around to her rear just as his colleague tore his own cock from her
reamed out arsehole. The first slut wasted no time in replacing his partner in
depravity, and drove his penis deeply into her now sloppy arse ring, and
commenced to rape her arse with the same violent remorselessness as had his
predecessor. June's mouth was soon presented with the penis that had just
emptied its load up her arse, and she lapped at it with lewd delight, tasting
her own arse secretions, as well as the musky cock cream that covered the huge
penis, from tip to thick base.

I was overcome with jealousy at the pleasure she was wallowing in. My mind was
in a constant turmoil! It could have been me with the female sluts on the mat,
drinking from their flowing pussies, and losing myself in a ocean of sexual
depravity. Instead I was hanging helplessly, forced to watch her lose herself in
her own depraved lust, while my arse was being savagely paddled to add to my
frustrations.

Each slut used each of June's holes of perversity once. She came continuously,
and reveled in her lascivious obscenity. She drank each penis dry with gusto.
Her arse milked  a load from each penis that visited its tight, hot depths, and
her writhing cunt pit wrung a climax from each fabulous penis as if it had a
mind of its own. All the while I hung there, my own achingly stiff penis by this
time liberally leaking its hot cream, and my punished arse burning with pain
while the paddle relentlessly pounded its muscular meat.

Finally it was over for June, but she was so consumed with lust that she
squealed out her frustration, and soon her hands were driving into her arse and
cunt with feral force, and she was scooping out huge quantities of the prick
juice that had been deposited in them, and bringing it to her mouth to be sucked
at and swallowed in a display of perversity that almost defied imagination. A
valet approached me a soon as the sluts had withdrawn, leaving June to her
depraved self abuse.

The valet stood off to one side of my suspended nudity, then reached out and
grasped my penis, midway down its pulsating length, in his gloved fist. I
blushed scarlet at this development, for I knew that he would soon be subjecting
me to the ultimately humiliating experience of being forced to climax before an
eagerly watching audience. To my eternal shame it took only one stroke of his
fist to set me off for the first humiliating time. My penis erupted in ecstasy,
and  huge streams of white cock juice sprayed from its spasming tip. I squealed
in absolute ecstasy while my throbbing penis gushed and gushed. June, seeing
this, crawled forward so that my streams of ball cream splashed down onto her
wildly cavorting nudity.

The audience laughed at my humiliation, pointing to my spurting penis with
leering disdain, only adding to the incredible feelings of shame and degradation
that flooded my suspended nudity. The valet continued to strop my aching penis
after its initial explosion had ebbed, as if nothing at all had happened. My
chest heaved as I drew in huge gulps of air, my mind now fully concentrated on
my pleasure soaked penis, being so efficiently and consummately wanked by the
fist of the valet. Twenty or so strokes later my shrieks of ecstatic pleasure
once again filled the air, and streams of creamy penis cream flashed from the
tip of my climaxing pole of lust, and splashed onto the body of my sex crazed
sister slave.

It took the valet considerably longer to bring me off for the third time. My
penis had lost none of its stiffness following the first two orgasms that he had
masturbated me to, but my testicles were beginning to ache, and his job was
becoming harder. June displayed her utterly wanton perversity below, on the mat,
by scraping up my thick creamy cock juice from where it had landed on her
swollen tits, and lean trembling belly, and lapping it from her fingers with
lewd gusto.

My chest heaved, and I sobbed in ecstasy when my penis gushed for the third
time, bathing June's huge tits with fresh sex cream. The valet, his wrist aching
and tired left me and was immediately replaced by another. He grasped my thick
penis in his gloved fist, and the masturbation continued without letup. My poor
penis was, by this time, beginning to loose the edge to its hardness. Never the
less, the valet's wrist snapped back and forth with precise pace, never
changing, and always with full strokes.

My aching testicles were, after the third climax beginning to soften and move
about at the base of my stalk. It took the valet about five minutes before I
squealed out my pleasure a fourth time, and a fresh, albeit less copious, series
of streams of cock cream spurted from the tip of my climaxing penis. As soon as
my eruption stopped a third valet took over. His insistent fist stropped my now
less than proudly erect penis with the same impersonal precision. My almost
completely empty testicles bounced wildly at the base of my penis with the vigor
of his maddening masturbation, and I experienced sensations that were now
bordering on pure pain while he worked to coax the final orgasm from my
tormented penis.

By this time many of the members had drifted off, making their way to the
chateau. The few left watched while the valet masturbated my sated penis with
growing impatience. My sister had been taken away by the time I came for the
fifth time. My pitiful issue dribbled down onto the grass before me, and the
ache in my fabulously drained testicles was now pure agony. The valet stropped
every last drop from my now limp penile tube with the usual efficiency.

I was then taken down from my suspension. I was utterly exhausted, absolutely
spent, immaculately sexually sated. I could hardly stand up, and had to be
assisted to my cell by a pair of valets. When we arrived I saw that June was
already asleep on her prison bunk, her face bearing a contented smile. The
valets quickly attended to my ablutions, and my exhausted nudity flopped onto my
bunk in sheer relief. I was asleep almost before the two had left, and the light
was turned off.

Race days tended to follow the same pattern each month. The rules under which
June and I performed were changed, and refined, so that contrived results, such
as the one just described were no longer possible. As a result June and I
generally shared victories over time. The rewards, and punishments for success
or failure became more and more varied, until there really wasn't a whole lot of
difference between the two.

Indeed, this was the reason for my performance above, the fact that my
masochistic brain had worked out that the experience of forced public
masturbation pleased me more that a session of unbridled lust with a trio of
female sluts would have. Thus the rewards and punishments were more finely
attuned to our natural masochistic cravings, than they were to our obscene
sexual lusts.

Needless to say, the membership of the chateau looked forward to race days with
eager anticipation. And not just because the majority of them were inveterate
gamblers, but because the perverted exhibitions that followed the final event
were so entertaining.




Chapter 14 - The Tale of the Suck Slaves - A Member's Tale

It came to pass that two of the serving staff, a maid and a valet, went before
Master to beg to be reduced to the status of pain slaves, and to join the
chateau's two existing pain slaves. My husband, and I, two of the chateau's
longest standing members, learnt of this during a conversation with the Master.
He had had to refuse their request, and was now at pains with what to do with
them. He explained that the balance at the chateau would have been altered, to
the detriment of the overall tenure of the chateau should he defer to the
request, or as he put it, "There is only room for two pigs in that particular
sty, and I already have them!"

He went on to explain his reasons for holding this view. It must be said that,
among the many private S&M clubs throughout the world, the chateau reigns
supreme. The Master explained to us that the principal reason for this was the
balance he rigidly maintained. Slave who are whores live to practice as whores,
and therefore must be kept hard at it, and not be allowed to hang around without
clients to serve. If they have too much free time they become discontent, and
then the skill with which they perform drops. Similarly with slaves who are
sluts. These slaves exist to exhibit their extreme depravity, debauchery and
exhibitionism, and having too many of them would mean that they would not be so
continually lost in that perverted depravity, and would soon leave for an
establishment that would satisfy their latent yearning.

In the case of pain slaves, these are the most special of them all, for they had
dedicated their lives to suffering. They could not actually live without the
constant and relentless punishment that they were subjected to. To have added an
extra pair of such slaves to the chateau staff would have been entirely
unacceptable, for it would have lessened the ordeal of the existing two to the
point that they would no longer be subjected to sufficient merciless suffering
to satisfy their extraordinary craving for pain and humiliation. Therefore, he
could not entertain the desires of the maid and valet. This request from serving
staff he explained was unusual, for maids and valets normally aspired to become
whores, and the odd one, a slut. In fact the maid and valet system had
originally been introduced as a means of replacing whores who left after their
contracts were up. This was the first time any of them had begged to completely
subjugate themselves, as pain slaves were required to do.

It was while the Master was ruminating over what to do with the pair, that my
husband suggested that we might take them off his hands. It must be said that,
while the Master is a consummately cruel and merciless sadist who rule his
chattels with a rod of iron, he is also sensitive to their needs and desires, to
the point of fanaticism. Chateau slaves, when they decide to leave, or have
outlived their usefulness for other reasons, are always looked after, both
financially, and lifestyle wise by the Master. It is this policy, he once
explained to me, that was essentially the reason for the phenomenal success of
the organisation and, more importantly, why it still remained shrouded in
mystery, and was entirely private and discreet. No one blabbed about it, because
no one was ever allowed to become discontent, and therefore have reason to try
to damage the place.

My husband suggested that we might take these two off his hands. Since we are
trusted confidants of the Master, and he knows that we have the financial
resources to successfully house slaves, he was quick to agree to the proposal,
but only after he had completely satisfied himself that we were genuine in our
offer, and it was not merely satisfying a passing fantasy. He had to be sure in
his own mind before he agreed, that we would satisfy the two prospective pain
slaves, as well as ourselves. Once this had been established, the rest went
along smoothly. We asked if the resolve of the maid and valet had been tested,
and when the Master replied that it had not, we decide to conduct these tests
immediately.

That is why, two hours later, my husband and I found ourselves seated together
in a small entertainment room, with the maid and the valet in question, kneeling
before us in submission posture. The two were completely nude, and knelt with
legs wide spread and hands clasped behind their deferentially bowed heads. Tears
trickled down their cheeks as they whimpered, and sobbed quietly while my
husband and I regained our collective breaths after our exertions.

The maid, a deliciously pretty girl in her late teens, was shimmying her
shoulders slightly, causing the swollen mounds of her delightfully reddened tits
to wobble sexily. Her tits were in this condition because I had just mercilessly
flogged the large firm mounds. She slowly rutted her shapely arse cheeks,
decorated with twelve livid stripes that the cane I had sliced them up with had
left, flaunting her swollen, dripping, and almost scarlet cunt split at us
lewdly while still suffering the anguish that the merciless thrashing I had
administered to its delicate flesh with the Master's cruelest cunt whip had
wrought.

The valet was similarly flaunting his abused nudity. His arse slabs too, sported
a dozen livid stripes. His fat swollen balls rode tight at the base of his
throbbingly erect prick stalk. The nuts had been flayed unmercifully by my
husband, using the cruelest testicle whip the chateau possessed. The sobbing
valet's cock pole was covered with welts and abrasions following my husbands
vicious whipping of its length. Both maid and valet had accepted their brutal
torment with utter masochistic joy, presenting their bodies to us in immaculate
surrender. They had certainly passed our first test of their true resolve.

I gazed down at the whimpering girl with a sadistic leer, and asked
sadistically, "What do you have to say, bitch?" The little girl's glorious nude
body shuddered deliciously, and her voice, cracking with emotion, sobbed out,
"Oh, darling Mistress, thank you for caning my wanton arse mounds so gorgeously.
But, sweet Mistress, next time you honour my slave arse cheeks so beautifully,
cane them harder! Cane them harder! Thank you, adored Mistress! Thank you for
whipping my lewd tits so wonderfully! But, sweet Mistress, whip the depraved
udders harder next time! Whip the tits viciously, and mercilessly, and with no
pity! My fat drooping  tits long to suffer for your amusement, worshipped
Mistress! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you, adored Mistress! Thank you for
thrashing my wanton, lewd, depraved cunt slit so wondrously. The utterly
perverted whore gash exploded in agony while you thrashed it, glorious Mistress!
Please! Please, worshipped Mistress, thrash the lewd cooze harder, next time!
Thrash it longer! Thrash it more viciously! Thrash it forever! Show the wanton
split no mercy, fabulous Mistress! Show it no pity what so ever, wondrous
Mistress!"

By this time the little pain slave's hips were rutting wildly, and an ocean of
fragrant girl juice poured from its splayed open meat, and the girl prick at its
apex was so stiff and aroused that its delicate, shining little stalk had
completely escaped from its protective sheath. The tormented bitch was beside
herself with yearning to suffer, and she concluded her wild babbling with
further evidence of her utter surrender to her longed for fate, "Please! Please!
Please, adored and utterly worshipped Mistress. Accept my slave carcass as your
property! Don't temper you glorious cruelty, adored Mistress! Don't restrain you
gorgeous sadism, worshipped Mistress! Never show pity! Never display mercy,
fabulous Mistress! My servile arse mounds, my slave tits, and my wanton, whore,
slave cunt split, phenomenal Mistress! They all surrender to you
unconditionally! They all exist for your pleasure! They all yearn to suffer at
your whim, adored Mistress! Oh magnificent Mistress, possess my slave being! I
beg you! I beg you! I beg you!"

By this time the girl's whipped tits were literally flying about on her rolling
torso, and she was rutting her thrashed cunt at us with such obscene vigour that
I thought the hot, servile bitch would actually lose balance and collapse onto
the floor before us. My husband then took over, and went through the same ritual
with the valet. I watched, and listened while the young male reacted with the
same servile lust that the maid had. It was so gorgeously exciting to listen to
the boy beg and plead for the opportunity to be owned by us.

His nude body rutted and rolled with the same sublime obscenity as the girl's
had, and his long stiff cock dripped scum profusely from its flared tip the
whole time, until tiny rivers of the glistening juice flowed down the well
whipped length of that throbbing stalk of submissive lust. I listened to such
perverted statements as, "Precious Master, the lewd lust slug standing so
defiantly in my wanton fork deserves to be whipped for the rest of my existence!
Please! Please! Please, treasured Master, when you whip it, whip it hard, flog
it mercilessly, thrash it pitilessly! Make live in an aura of complete agony!"
And, "Please! Please! Adored and utterly adulated Master. You must flay the fat
swollen eggs that hang from the base of my slug with the utmost cruelty. The
scum filled orbs deserve to suffer and suffer for your eternal amusement. They
yearn to be suspended in indescribable agony forever!"

On and on it went, until my husband tired of the servile tirade, and stilled the
wildly rutting valet's pleading voice. I smiled down at the maid, who continued
to perform with exquisite depravity, then asked, "If I were to allow you to use
that hot, depraved twat between you thighs to fuck the pig's wanton lust stalk
for our amusement, what would your reaction be, little bitch?" The girl's mouth
immediately broke out into a completely lascivious grin, and she squealed out
her obscene reply.

"Oh, adored Mistress!" The lecherous maid squealed in obsequious, and utterly
wanton delight. "If it be your desire to see me fuck myself senseless on the
slave's depraved fuck stalk, my lewd cunt tube would go mad with obscene
delight. The harlot pit would squeeze and maul the hot prong with feral
intensity while my fat, depraved arse cheeks would fly and roll, and pump with
licentious lust, and my obese tits would flop obscenely! And, wondrous Mistress,
should it be your pleasure to witness my harlot cunt pit drain the scum bags of
the lewd slave, then my joyously obscene cunt pit would milk every last drop
from them! But please! Please! Please! fabulous Mistress whenever it pleases you
to use my wanton cunt pit for this purpose you must punish it ferociously
afterwards! You must punish it with cruel and merciless savagery, phenomenal
Mistress, because it will have catered to its own obscene and utterly depraved
lust as well as entertaining you so wantonly!"

I smiled down at the lewdly cavorting bitch, noting the fresh outpouring of slut
juice from her well whipped, and obscenely splayed open cunt split, that her
humiliating raving had caused. The young bitch was certainly an utterly depraved
and lust crazed slut. My husband interrupted my thoughts with the announcement
that the second, and final part of our testing procedures should now begin. His
tone of voice was so severe that I couldn't tell if he was serious, or not.
Whether he still needed proof of the pair's willingness to surrender or, like me
by this time, would only be still continuing with the test, purely for its
entertainment value, rather than any real need. As far as I was concerned the
slaves would have had to fail so dismally that it could not even be conceived,
for me to change my mind about acquiring the pair from the Master.

The maid and valet had been instructed, a couple of hours prior to the test
beginning, to dream up a fantasy of submission, and sexual bondage, that would
demonstrate to us that they were utterly serious about adopting the lifestyle
that they had begged to embrace. The story they concocted, and related to us as
we sat there listening with growing arousal, is in the main the subject of this
tale. I have embellished the pains slave's story where appropriate, not because
it was not, in itself, utterly depraved and delightfully submissive in every
respect, but rather to set the scene, then to connect the parts. And I have, of
course, substituted myself as the teller This is the tale. I hope it provides
the listener with as much pleasure as it did when related to my husband and I on
the day it was first told:

My husband was out of town for a few days on business. I decided that a change
of pace would be enjoyable. It had been some time since I had spent any quality
sexual time with another female, so I decided to visit my favorite lesbian night
club, and see if I couldn't pick up a girl with the required amount of dominant
sensuality that would be necessary to spend an exciting evening and night with
me at my home, enjoying the benefits of my bizarre facilities.

I had been sitting at the bar of the private club for an hour or so, checking
out the clientele, while watching a number of beautiful female strippers go
though their routines on the stage. I was beginning to despair of actually
finding anyone who might satisfy my desires on this night, and was about to
arrange with my friend, who owned and operated the club, to have a particularly
pretty little stripper I had watched to play with, when I saw the girl enter.

She was gorgeous, no, more than simply gorgeous. She was drop dead gorgeous. No
more than five feet two tall, honey blond, with a face as pretty as any I had
ever seen. It was hard, from a distance, to actually see how well she was built
for she wore a silk top and skirt ensemble that was loose fitting. The skirt was
short, however, and the sheer beauty of her legs, and stocking clad thighs, was
enough to satisfy me that, under her drapes, she would be equally gorgeous.

I made up my mind quickly, for I was as certain as night follows day, that this
tasty little morsel would not remain alone for long. I ordered two champagne
cocktails from the bar attendant, and asked her to have them delivered to a
private little alcove up near the side of the small stage where the strippers
had been performing. I then slipped off the bar stool on which I had been
sitting, and made my way over to the girl who was still, quite nervously,
checking out the club. It was obvious that she was not used to being in such
places and, the closer I got to her, quickening my pace when I noticed that I
was not alone in being impressed, the more delightful I saw that she was.

I managed to get to her first, much to the disappointment of a couple of other
eager women. "Darling, you look lost." I breathed throatily, placing a hand
possessively on her shoulder, hoping to give my potential competitors the
impression that she and I were an item. "Let me help you dear." I continued with
a hint of inquiry. The beautiful creature smiled shyly up at me, and replied,
"This is my first time in a place like this, and I'm nervous as a kitten. I
don't know how these places work, and I don't want to make a fool of myself."

"Why don't you join me in my alcove, darling." I breathed, consciously
attempting to mask my excitement so as not to alarm the obviously inexperienced
girl. "The second floor show starts soon, and we can watch it from there in
almost complete privacy, and in the meantime, we can have a drink, and I'll
answer any questions you might have. Would you like that, darling?" I asked
hopefully. The girl though for a few seconds, then replied, "I'd like that,
Madam" With a delightful smile. I took her hand and led her over to the alcove.
We sat down just as the scantily clad waitress arrived with the drinks I had
ordered. As soon as she had left, I set about my self appointed task, to seduce
this vision of sexy loveliness.

We started out sipping our drinks and engaging in that getting to know you type
of conversation. I learnt that she was just nineteen years of age, and
considered herself to be bisexual, rather than lesbian. In fact, she had only
had one sexual relationship with another girl in her entire life to date, and
that was with a girl at a boarding school that she had attended. Even this
encounter had not been fulfilling because of the close supervision that is
inherent in such establishments. It came to pass that she was having an
altercation with her current boyfriend and this, together with a natural and
growing desire for something different, sexually, had resulted in her decision
to visit a lesbian nightclub.

While all this was going on a fresh round of drinks arrived. I didn't want to
get the girl drunk, but I did want to use the alcohol to relieve her nervous
tension, and, of course, to erode her natural inhibitions. With all this in mind
I continued to make lively conversation while the stage was set up for the floor
show. I informed the girl, whose name I had found out was Michelle, that she had
not missed too much by not arriving in time to watch the strippers, but she
would surely enjoy the live sex show that was imminent. She blushed prettily,
but in no way seemed shocked to hear that this form of entertainment was being
offered.

Suddenly the lights in the main area of the club dimmed significantly, and a
bright spot lit up the stage. A low divan graced the centre of the stage, and a
small table next to it contained a variety of sex toys and oils. Two young
women, announced as the nymphomaniacal twins, swept onto the stage to a round of
applause from the patrons. The two women were indeed remarkably alike, and I
surmised that they were probably sisters. They were dressed in identical sexy
lingerie, and began to dance erotically, with limbs entwined, and mouths glued
together in a searing soul kiss.

I took the opportunity to edge closer to Michelle on the circular seat in the
alcove, doing so so slowly as to be almost imperceptible, not wanting to alarm
the girl by a too overt a move. Michelle, herself, allayed my fears by also
edging her way towards me, and soon we were pressing up against each other, and
I casually draped an arm around her shoulder, and rested my head against hers,
breathing in the delightful fragrance of her beautifully done up hair.

The performers soon stripped each other until they were nude. Hands caressed
tits while they continued to passionately French kiss, seemingly oblivious of
the eager audience watching them. I brushed my lips against Michelle's ear,
causing her to shiver slightly with what I hoped was a growing desire. I
tentatively ran my hand over the edge of her top, my finger tips brushing softly
against the firm mound of her breast. Michelle didn't shy away from my
intrusion, so I gradually got bolder and bolder while we watched the women on
the stage play with each others bulging tits, sucking nipples until they were
rigid with arousal.

My exploring hand soon cupped what was a surprisingly large, bare breast under
the satin material of the top, and Michelle sighed with growing pleasure. I was
able, from my position, to see down the front of her top, and was further
delighted by the fact that she wore no bra to disguise the beauty of her big
firm breasts. "Such beautiful tits!" I sighed into her ear, "Such pretty, big
tits!" Michelle, at first, thought that I was referring to the performers, then
realised I was referring to her, and blushed delightfully. "My tits are too
big!" She whimpered. "I know that men all seem to love big tits on a girl, but I
think mine are too big!"

"Don't be silly, darling!" I admonished her softly. "Your tits are gorgeous,
simply gorgeous!" I continued to caress the big firm mounds through the satin
cloth of her loose top, noting the rough protuberances that were her stiff
nipples. The lovely girl was obviously aroused by what she was seeing on the
stage together, perhaps, with my gently caressing fingers. It was time to get a
little bolder, to test the reaction of the girl to a little more overt teasing.
I carefully lowered my hand to the hem line of the top, then slipped it under
the material. My fingers encountered smooth warm skin, and gently caressed, not
being too eager, and risking possible rebuff.

The performers continued to caress tit, and passionately suck nipples while we
watched. Almost without my realizing it, Michelle had turned slightly, and
insinuated her body more comfortably against mine, until she was almost leaning
fully into me, and her back rested on my own thrusting breasts. This also
allowed me to continue to whisper sexily into her shell like ear, brushing it
with my lips from time to time. I took this subtle gesture from Michelle as
tacit approval for me to go further, and my fingers moved slowly and gently up
her torso until they encountered the smooth underside of a breast.

I gently traced my fingers around the smooth skin of the breast, marveling at
its size, then boldly cupped it, feeling its weight. Michelle reacted
deliciously to my boldness by snuggling up to me even more closely, and
tentatively kissing a vein pulsing in my neck. This movement had another effect.
It allowed my other arm, which had been draped around her shoulder, the freedom
to drop down the other side of her body. I wasted no time in slipping my other
hand under the flowing folds of her loose top and soon it too was caressing a
breast.

"I just knew you lovely tits would feel gorgeous, darling!" I whispered into her
ear, brushing my fingertips over her stiff nipples to test her arousal. Michelle
sighed contentedly, then brought her own hands up to her chest, and used them to
crush mine firmly into her breasts, clear evidence that she was enormously
aroused, and had lost almost all of her initial reserve and shyness.

Up on the stage the two performers had moved on. Hands were delving into the hot
wet places between lovely female thighs, and fingers were avidly plying moist
pussy meat. The two girls were now lying on the settee, and as we watched them
they slowly, and almost naturally began to reverse their nude bodies, until
heads and faces confronted hugely stimulated pussy. It was as if the performers
were no longer aware that their were being avidly watched, and you could almost
hear the collective sigh of the audience when the first soft tongue plowed
deeply between a set of swollen pussy lips.

In deference to the change in action on the stage I too, subtly changed my
approach, still not wishing to push too fast, although, by this time I was sure
that Michelle would not react negatively to my slow seduction. I allowed one
hand to slip down from her chest, ensuring that the other continued to caress
her swelling breasts, and gently squeeze her stiff, hot nipples. My other hand
dropped to her belly, which shivered deliciously at the soft touch. Then I
carefully insinuated the tips of my fingers under her skirt's waist band, and
drew them around in tiny circles on her flat, quivering belly.

Michelle closed her thighs, involuntarily, when my fingertips encountered the
soft down of her pussy hair. I immediately stopped the downward journey of my
fingers, my heart beating a little more rapidly at this now unexpected reaction.
Perhaps I had gone too far too quickly for her. I had to consciously stop myself
form risking a further token of resistance to my advances, and contented myself
with running my fingertips through her soft fleece. After a few minutes I
perceived as slight relaxing of her thighs and belly, and once again raised the
level of my teasing.

By this time the two performers were nearing the climax of their sexual
exhibition, and were performing with utter abandon. Dildos were plunging deeply
into drooling pussies. Eager tongues were passionately whipping swollen and
spasming clitorises, and the two lesbians were beyond all sexual control. Also,
I was now teasing Michelle with delicate, albeit more confident sureness. The
tip of my forefinger was gently stimulating the base of Michelle's clitoris. The
tiny tube of sex meat had started off limp, but was now hard beneath my roving
fingertip.

Given the sheer sexual depravity of the scene the two performers were giving,
lost, as they were in their own debauched lust, it came as a slight surprise to
me that Michelle, while allowing her thighs to relax a little, never allowed
them to open fully, and give my fingers unrestricted access to her sex. I
suppose she was embarrassed at the aromas that she would exude, although,
despite highly efficient air-conditioning, the club could never quite rid itself
of the scent of female sexuality at any time anyway, or perhaps she was not able
to bring herself to completely lose her inhibitions in such a public place. I
wondered if her attitude would have changed if she could have seen what was
going on in other semi private alcoves, much more abandoned activities than
those we engaged in being the norm, rather than the exception.

A smattering of polite applause greeted the finale of the exhibition and, while
the performers were leaving, and the lights were reversing until the club was
again well lit, and the stage area in dankness, I whispered expectantly,
"Michelle, darling, why don't we quit this place, and go home to my place to
play?" The girl snuggled up to me and replied in her delightfully soft voice,
"That would be nice, darling." "I'll just summon my car then." I rejoined,
extracting my automatic pager to signal to my chauffeur that I was ready to
leave. Reluctantly I withdrew my hands from beneath Michelle's clothes and we
both stood up, Michelle being a little unsteady on her feet because of both her
arousal, and the numerous champagne cocktails I had plied her with.

About ten minutes later I led her from the club, to find that my limo had
arrived on time. The driver was waiting beside the big, luxurious vehicle, and
dutifully opened the rear door when we arrived. We settled into the plush seats
and then drove off. We remained silent throughout the short trip to my town
house, Michelle, no doubt, imagining the pleasures she expected to indulge in,
and for my part, planning how I would introduce this lovely young girl to my own
bizarre way of life.

I took Michelle directly to my husband's and my specially designed playroom.
This room had been designed with the pleasures of domination and submission in
mind, although at first glance it didn't seem to promise anything bizarre. The
room is quite large, and almost Spartan in its furnishings, and is situated in
the basement of the townhouse. All of its walls are mirrored from floor to
ceiling, as is the ceiling itself. The floor is covered with ruberised tile
material, resistant to moisture. Behind three of the mirrored walls are large
inbuilt storage cupboards, and these are packed with the paraphernalia of
bondage and submission, and sexual pleasure and punishment.

Protruding from strategic points in both ceiling and floor are hooks and
eyebolts that are only really evident if you are actually looking for them. As
far as furnishings are concerned there are precious few items, two comfortable,
adjustable leather armchairs, one large, rubber upholstered divan with hooks
embedded in each of its four legs, and one chair of intricate design that would
have looked more at home in an obstetrician's consulting rooms.

Little Michelle's eyes opened in surprised wonder when she took in the room's
decor. I immediately took her in my arms, before she could begin to ask the
inevitable questions, and kissed her soft mouth passionately. Soon our tongues
were dueling erotically, and I began to strip her of her outer clothing. I met
no resistance, not that I had expected any for she surely had realised that we
were going to, at the very least, make passionate love to each other. It took me
no time at all to strip her completely, and while I ran my fingers through her
moist soft sex fleece once again I began to wonder if she was not a latent
submissive, so meekly did she accept being nude while I was still fully clothed.

I was soon dispelled of this notion as her hands were soon busy divesting me of
my clothes as well. She fumbled here and there, but proved to be quite expert at
stripping a female, while still passionately kissing and embracing her subject.
When we were both nude, except for our hose and garter belts, we collapsed into
one of the huge leather chairs, still locked in passionate embrace. Michelle
broke our kiss and leaned out to inspect my nudity. I took the opportunity to do
the same. Needless to sat we were both ecstatic with what we saw. Michelle was
indeed spectacularly sexy and incredibly beautiful, and I was quick to voice my
appreciation of her gorgeous sensuality. She, too, was profuse in her assessment
of my erotic charms, and we set about the delightful duty of caressing each
other, and stimulating each other's erogenous zones with eager passion.

After a seemingly endless amount of kissing and caressing the enormously
stimulated Michelle's curiosity began to get the better of her, and she began to
question me about our somewhat bizarre surroundings, especially the strange
chair that dominated the room. It was time to test her. To find out if she would
accept my sexual bent, that of a cruel Dominatrix, and perhaps even revel in it
herself, or whether she would be so shocked that she would leave in disgust. My
heart raced with a mixture of excitement, and dread. Excitement, for I wished to
shock her. And dread, because her reaction might not be the one I desired. With
a hand gently cupping her swollen and moist sex I ventured into the unknown.

"Would you like to have this hot little cunt sucked, darling?" I asked
breathlessly, giving her hot, wet pussy a gentle squeeze. The gorgeous creature
shuddered with arousal and answered that she would adore it if I were to suck
her fragrant pussy." The big moment had arrived, "Oh, sweet child, I wont be
sucking it for you, at least not at first. I have a slave who will do that for
you!" The nude girl reared back from my embrace and stared wide eyed at me, "A
slave! What do you mean, a slave!" I went on to explain quickly, noting that her
reaction was one much more of surprise rather than shock and, of course, that
she had not  torn herself from our sexual embrace, and explained that my husband
and I kept a pair of sexual slaves who were currently serving exclusively, as
cock and cunt suckers.

I could tell, by the time I had finished explaining, that Michelle was
enormously excited by what I had revealed, and her moist, swollen pussy had
gotten hotter and hotter under my insistently exploring fingers. I reached out
and pressed a button that would summon our butler, come slave trainer. The man
entered almost immediately, and I asked him, "Bring us the cunt sucker, if you
please, James!" "Certainly, Madam!" The man replied, and immediately left the
room. Within two or three minutes he had returned, and wheeled in the slave.

Michelle's eyes widened once again at the sight of the slave, mounted on a low
slung trolley. The slave was covered from head to toe in opaque black latex
rubber, and bound to the trolley so tightly that any form of movement was
impossible, except for the obvious head movements that would be required for it
to perform its task. The slave's body resembled a black mound, with a lump at
one end and its sex, of course, was completely and utterly disguised. The only
thing that revealed that the rubber covered blob on the trolley was indeed human
was a tiny opening in the lump that stood out from the rest of the black mass,
that revealed a set of lips and a tongue that was already flicking lewdly, the
slave obviously being aware that it was to be put to work at its delightful
task.

"What sex is it?" Michelle asked with eager excitement. "Does it matter?" I
asked, then went on to explain further, "After all, a tongue is a tongue,
although in this case the tongue is superbly trained, and wonderfully tireless.
But, if it means anything to you, this submissive tongue is actually female. The
slave is in almost full sensory deprivation. She is unable to hear or see, but
her sense of smell is available to her. This is not because we have any pity on
her, but rather so that she knows when to react by performing the task that has
become her sole reason for being over the past few months."

I went on to explain that my husband was making use of our male slave in the
identical manner, only that slave was exclusively, our cock sucker. The slaves,
I described, were kept in the bondage she saw them in for all but two hours a
day. They were freed so that their bodily functions could be attended to, and so
that they could be washed. I went on to explain that we had the slaves mildly
punished, then sexually relieved each day, and that after we had had our fun
with the cunt sucker, it might be amusing for her to see this being done.
Michelle's reaction was one of eager assent. It was obvious to me by now that,
while completely inexperienced in matters of domination and submission, she
seemed to be of the former bent, naturally.

"Why don't you get into the special chair, darling." I urged softly, "And
prepare to experience the cunt sucking of your life! You are in for a real
treat, I can assure you. This bitch is quite the most skilled twat lapper I have
ever encountered. Her tongue is almost miraculous in the pleasures that it is
capable of imparting on pussy. After you've experienced it once, you'll be as
addicted to it as I have become, I'm sure!" The lovely girl struggled up from
the couch in avid anticipation, literally tearing her warm nudity from my
embrace, such was her level of arousal. "Ohhhh, yes!" She cried, "I cant wait to
feel that tongue on my pussy!"

I stood up as well, and guided the excited girl over to the dentist's chair, and
urged her shuddering nudity into its comfortable confines. I arranged her limbs
so that her legs were draped over the stirrup like rests that were designed for
this purpose. This exposed her dripping sex, its soft wet lips gaping wide with
the intensity of her sexual arousal, in utterly available posture. I then moved
over behind the bizarrely bound slave, and wheeled her towards the inviting
target.

I smiled indulgently as I pushed the slave closer and closer to the girl's
lewdly displayed, dripping pussy, noting with a little pride how the slave's
soft tongue shot from her mouth as soon as the distinctive aroma of aroused
female sexuality filled the only sense allowed her, her sense of smell. It was
particularly satisfying to watch the servile bitch I had trained to react so
submissively to her circumstances, although, knowing her psyche so intimately, I
realised that she would actually be beside herself with happiness at being
permitted to taste the flavours of female sex once again.

A tiny shriek of delight erupted from Michelle's mouth when that lovely, soft,
beautifully talented tongue plowed into her flowing pussy, and flicked
insistently against the little stem of her hugely stimulated clitoris. As soon
as the slave was in place, and her skilled tongue was busily working its magic
on Michele's sex, I moved back around to the rear of the chair and reached down
to caress the delighted girl's swollen breasts, tweaking her rigid nipples with
my fingers to add to her pleasure. Soon the sounds of Michelle's gasping
breathing were challenging the sucking sounds emanating from her crotch in
volume.

"Does my patented cunt sucker please you, my darling?" I whispered with a
chuckle of knowing . "Oh, it feels sooooooo gooood! Sooooo Goooood!" The
pleasure filled girl gasped, "Your cunt sucker sucks a girl's cunt like an
angel! Her gorgeous tongue is buried so deeply up my pussy pit it feels like a
little cock, only better, because it wriggles so deliciously! Ohhhh, She lashing
my clitoris with her tongue! My clitoris is going to explode! I'm coming! I'm
coming!" She squealed in ecstasy while her pussy erupted in orgasm.

I watched while my slave gulped down the rich flow of pussy cream the climaxing
girl fed her, realising, with a smile, that the slave would be literally glowing
with joy under her thin rubber covering, and would be drinking from the flowing
sex in immaculate happiness. The slave drank the flowing pussy dry, swallowing
every last drop while Michele's pleasure soaked body shuddered out the last
vestiges of her shattering sexual release. Her body, which had arched tautly
while she was coming finally dropped back into the seat, and she gasped for
breath with huge heaves of her chest.

I continued to gently caress her heaving breasts while Michelle came down from
her sexual high. "Oh, Lord! Oh, Lord!" She gasped. "I've never come so hard in
my whole life! Your slave is so good at this! Soooo Goood!" She continued, while
the slave began to stimulate her pussy all over again, showing no signs of
flagging in her submissive efforts. "How do I get one of these?" Michelle asked,
not really expecting an answer. "How I would love to own a slave like this. To
have your cunt sucked so exquisitely, whenever you liked must be fabulous,
darling!" She breathed, as her pussy was once again assaulted by the slave's
tireless tongue, and was being gradually brought to climax once again.

Michelle soon orgasmed again, and fed the elated slave a fresh outpouring of
ripe pussy cream which was eagerly slurped up by the submissive. By the time
Michelle had come down from this high the slave was once again avidly tonguing
the now sated sex, working diligently to re-excite the satiated meat. Michelle
gasped, "Doesn't this slave ever get tired?" She asked, "My poor pussy is so
sated. I don't know whether I'll be able to come again!" "Don't worry,
sweetheart," I replied, squeezing her nipples strongly to emphasize my point.
"This cunt sucker will suck without let up, or losing any of her passion, for
hours and hours if you let her. You can come as much as you like. In fact, she
adores pussy cream so much you'll find that she sucks more passionately, and
more eagerly, the more often your lovely pussy feeds her its delicious elixir!"

The slave, remarkably quickly, brought the so called sated girl to a third
squealing climax much quicker than I would have thought possible, and when her
zealous tongue continued as if nothing had happened Michelle finally called
'uncle'. I must say that I was not unduly disappointed with this reaction,
although I would have liked to have the slave work a little longer, for I was,
by this time, ready to taste the gorgeous girl's succulent little pussy for
myself, and definitely wanted her mouth on my swollen and dripping sex.

I summoned James, and when he appeared, began to question him: "James, what is
today's schedule for practice for the slaves while they are being relieved?" The
immaculately dressed butler answered, "The cunt sucker, Madam, is scheduled to
practice the velvet buzz saw, and the cock sucker is to practice with tongue on
cock head only." "And what is the current target performance indicator for each,
James?" I inquired further. "The cunt sucker and the cock sucker are both up to
five orgasms by these methods, Madam." He replied.

"Very good, James." I concluded, then gave him the instructions that would make
Michelle's exposure to the slaves in training as exciting as possible. "Please
set up the training session so that Michelle and I can view proceedings, James.
But ablute them first, if you please. I'm sure that Michelle is not interested
in witnessing them performing such odious bodily functions. And, James, add a
standard punishment routine to the spectacle, just for further entertainment
value. You can now remove the cunt sucker, we are finished with her services for
now, but begin with the her, if you please."

The butler took his leave, pushing the slave along in front of him. I turned my
attention back to the sexually sated Michelle, who was already showing clear
signs of recovery, and renewed excitement, and was full of questions. I
explained to her how we had a stable of cocks and cunts that were used for the
slaves' to practice their lascivious arts upon, commenting that there was no
shortage of volunteers for this work, if it could be called work. We did,
however, pay the subjects quite well, for confidentiality was an issue,
obviously. I put off her other questions about these sessions, telling her that
she would see  for herself soon enough.

We then went to my bedroom and were soon locked in a languid sixty nine, and I
finally had the opportunity to taste the luscious sex of the lovely, sexy girl,
and it was truly delicious. Michelle went at my own drooling pussy with a gusto,
obviously having been on the edge for so long. She extracted a climax from my
pleasure soaked sex in record time, and drank from my flowing font like a
starving waif. Then we settled down to suck a more slow, and tantalizing climax
from each other, while we waited for the session with my slaves to be ready to
begin.

A tiny bell tingled in my room, heralding the fact that James was ready for us.
I dragged Michelle's head from between my thighs, somewhat reluctantly, for she
once again had me teetering on the edge of orgasm. We donned a pair of my most
diaphanous negligees, and I led Michelle down to our patented dungeon and slave
quarters. We entered the black walled relief room with Michelle shivering with
expectation and excitement. She was a closet Dominatrix, I thought I was sure
of, by this time, and I fully intended to complete her education in such a
lifestyle.

James was waiting patiently for our arrival. As soon as we were seated he
dragged the slave's trolley into the room, then quickly, and efficiently freed
her rubber clad body from the contraption. He left her lying in a rubber coated
ball on the floor while he wheeled the trolley back out of the room. The slave
began to wriggle a little, no doubt her excitement at what she knew was about to
happen affecting her. James returned a few seconds later and began to attend to
the slave's renewed bondage.

He quickly stripped off the lower section of her rubber costume, rendering her
hindquarters naked, then tore of the rubber patches over her tits off so that
the large, creamy orbs were revealed, their teats as stiff as steel. James next
maneuvered her body into position for the session. Her waist was securely
anchored to a low block so that she was unable to move her body away. Then her
knees and ankles were anchored to the sides of the block, in a manner that kept
her legs widely spread. This allowed the slave to move her rear about, two or
three inches from side to side, and up and down. Her shoulders were then also
anchored so that her big, soft tits hung down from her rubber clad torso. It
also brought her still rubber clad face up to a strategically placed hole in the
wall of the room.

Michelle gazed in wonder at the slave's obscenely displayed fork, marveling at
the smoothness of the hairless flesh, the long fat lips of the cunt split, and
the gaping pout of the tight, ridged arse ring. I noted her attention and
commented wryly, "Such a lovely looking cunt. It almost makes you wish you were
sucking it, doesn't it?" I asked rhetorically. "But a slave's cunt only ever
gets to be sucked by another slave, I'm afraid. This has to be strictly
enforced, otherwise the slave might get ideas above her station."

James wheeled a bizarre looking apparatus into the room, and right up to the
slave's rear end. The sight of her wantonly displayed fork was denied us for a
couple of minutes by James's kneeling body as he worked at his task. When he was
finished, and had again stood up, Michelle gasped in wonder at the perverse
sight that met our gaze. I, of course, had seen it all before, and knew what was
coming. The slave's arse ring and pussy were both impaled on huge black rubber
dildos. We could see her arse ring, and the mouth of her stretched open pussy
pit both convulsing wildly, but it was as if she were attempting to suck even
more of the enormous rubber poles into each sex hole, rather than the more
expected reaction, of attempting to expel them.

A clamp had been tightened at the base of her cunt slug, exposing the entire
length of the lust stalk from its protective sheath, and a tiny rubber ring,
attached to a little metal arm, was  positioned midway up that delicate length.
While Michelle and I were taking in this bizarre sight James stripped off the
slave's rubber discipline helmet, exposing her beautiful face and, of course,
allowing her to both see and hear once again. The slave shook her head, and
rapidly blinked her eyes, while she became accustomed to her new environment
while James retrieved a long thin cane, which he laid on top of the slave's
lovely bottom.

All was finally in readiness and James, after looking to me for confirmation,
and getting my signal that we were ready, began the ritual that the slave had
become accustomed to. Michelle and I settled, in each others arms, and watched
as events began to unfold. The effect on Michelle was electric throughout the
following couple of hours, and I can  tell you that our love making afterwards
was as unrestrained as any I had ever been involved in, such was her excitement
at what she had witnessed.

James's addressed the slave, "What is resting on your fat arse cheeks, bitch?"
He demanded. "Your glorious cane, merciful Sir James!" The slave almost
squealed, her clear voice thick with masochistic lust. "What does this mean,
bitch?" James inquired. "It means my fat arse slabs are to be punished, merciful
Sir James!" The slave quivered. "But, why, bitch, your performance has been
exemplary! So why must your svelte arse be punished?" The chattel almost yelled
out her pleading reply, "I am a slave, merciful Sir James, and my slave arse
must be punished! My slave arse exists to be punished! Please! Please! Please,
merciful Sir James, cane my slave arse slabs hard!"

James lifted the long cane from the slave's quivering bottom cheeks, and drew it
high above his head. He brought the evil instrument of pain down with terrifying
force, and it exploded into the creamy skin of the shapely mounds with a loud
crack that reverberated around the small room. The slave squealed quietly while
the burning pain of the savagely delivered stroke filled her being completely,
then sobbed out plaintively, "One! Thank you, merciful Sir James! Please cane my
slave arse cheeks again, only harder, merciful Sir James! Harder!"

The cruel cane flashed down a second time, and raised a livid welt precisely one
inch from the one that the first stroke had raised. The slave reacted with an
identical response. The full ritual was repeated until ten strokes had been
delivered, and the slave's shuddering arse slabs were striped deliciously, and
were on fire. The other evidence, apart from the obvious welts, that the slave
had been so cruelly punished, was the fact that her grotesquely decorated cunt
meat was now literally flooded with the juices of her lust. Once the slave
realised that her punishment was over, that no more strokes were going to be
delivered, she reacted as she had been trained to do.

"Thank you, kind Sir James! Thank you for caning my slave arse slabs so cruelly!
My slave arse slabs are burning with delicious pain, as all slave arse slabs
should always be. I love you, merciful Sir James! My slave arse slabs exist for
the gifts you bestow on them!" James ignored the slave's perverted ramblings,
showing no reaction what so ever to her obvious emotional outpouring. He reached
down and flicked a switch on the apparatus that lay on the floor at, and a
little to one side of her drenched fork. The reaction was immediate, and utterly
awe inspiring.

The enormous dildos began to pump in and out of the slave's arse and cunt pits,
starting slowly, then increasing in velocity until they were literally flashing
in and out of the convulsing holes. At the same time the tiny ring that enclosed
the stalk of her stiff, bare cunt slug began to work up and down that spasming
stem of female sexuality with such speed that it almost became invisible. The
slave's tied down, well striped arse shuddered uncontrollably, and I could only
imagine the intensity of the sensations that she must have been being subjected
to. The evidence of such sensations soon became obvious as, within thirty
seconds of the contraption being turned on, the slave's cunt split exploded in
orgasm, and sprayed out its cream in a flood of liquid convulsions.

James clapped his hands once, as soon as the slave's initial climax had
exhausted its violence. A hairy cunt appeared, as if by magic, at the hole
before the slave's flushed face. The slave stared at the pussy with a look of
delight on her flushed face, but waited patiently, restraining herself from
applying her eager lips and tongue to the sex. "Subject, today's training
involves the "velvet buzz saw" method of pleasuring cunt. Prepare your cunt, if
you please!" James commanded to the woman behind the wall. Immediately, a pair
of fingers appeared on the plump pussy lips.  They tore the fat fleshy lips wide
apart, then the tips of the fingers delicately peeled the foreskin of the
woman's clitoris back, exposing a good half an inch of the tiny sex stalk.

Meanwhile, the relentless masturbation of the slave continued unabated, driving
her to a renewed outpouring of pleasure, over which she had no control what so
ever. "Before you begin, slave!" James snapped imperiously, "What is today's
target?" The slave, her voice already betraying the fact that her own cunt was
once again approaching climax, replied immediately, "My slave tongue tip must
bring the glorious clitorises of the five subjects off five times within the
allotted half an hour, kind Sir James. The final subject to be brought off under
extreme distraction!" James commented, "Very good, slave. Your time begins now!"

Michelle squeezed my left breast sensuously, expressing her disbelief in the
slave's ability to get even close to such a ridiculously unattainable target.
"Just watch, and learn, darling." I responded, driving three fingers deeply into
her lovely pussy pit. We watched while the slave poked her soft tongue out to
its fullest, and traced the contours of the stiff clitoris of the woman. Then
she began! Her tongue flicked at the clitoris with such velocity that its flying
tip almost became invisible. The woman's clitoris seemed to be vibrating wildly
of it own volition. Within thirty seconds the woman's climax exploded, and a
flood of rich ripe creamy cunt juice spewed from her spasming sex.

The slave quickly went about slurping up the flowing issue, then set about
tonguing the softened clitoris back to throbbing stiffness. She did so by
furling her long tongue around the soft little stalk, and sensuously squeezing
and tugging at it. Once the clitoris was again hard, the slave went about
bringing it off using the same amazing method of buzzing its delicate stalk with
the very tip of her tongue. At about the same time as the woman's clitoris was
once again stiff and hard, the slave herself gushed in fresh orgasm, and poured
the juices of her own convulsing cunt into the strategically placed tray below
her cumming crotch.

On and on it went, with the slave bringing the woman off with unbelievable skill
and precision, until all five climaxes had been achieved. Michelle just couldn't
believe that the full five climaxes had only taken the slave about five minutes
to accomplish. This woman was immediately replaced by another, and the whole
process was recommenced. The slave, herself, had come at least four times by
this time as well, but the fact that she too was being subjected to a surfeit of
sexual ecstasy didn't seem to have the slightest effect on her tongue's
exquisite performance. Nor did the sheer fatigue that the chattel must have been
experiencing by the time the third hairy cunt was presented to her seemingly
tireless tongue.

I couldn't help myself either, and was soon on my knees before the amazed
Michelle, and my own tongue was doing a fair imitation of the slave's, on
Michelle's spasming clitoris. I drank my fill of her succulent pussy juice then
rose up and collapsed onto the chair in her arms while the slave went
relentlessly on, now working tirelessly on her fourth cunt. While she tongued
that fourth clitoris, James was preparing her for the fifth, which was to be
pleasured while the slave was sadistically distracted, to test her performance
while being subjected to severe interference.

James knelt next to the slave's torso, and screwed two small objects into
threaded holes in the floor immediately below the slave's hanging tits. When he
was finished, and we were able to see the results of his work Michelle shivered
with excited sadism. Two particularly evil looking alligator clamps were now
poised below each of the slave's stiff teats. The jaws of the strongly sprung
clamps were held open, and showed lines of sharp spikes decorating their edges.
James then lay a small, two inch long, silvery needle on the slave's bulging
bottom cheeks. The svelte cheeks shivered deliciously when the slave felt the
cool length of the needle, no doubt realising what was in store for her. James
then reached behind his back and detached a long narrow flap from his belt. When
this fell away Michelle gasped in surprise, for it revealed the fleshy crack
between the man's muscular bottom cheeks.

Once the slave had finished with the fourth clitoris, James began the almost
ritual preparations for her to perform the final act of her practice, under
extreme duress. He began by dragging her bondage trolley back from the hole in
the wall by about two feet. He then addressed the slave, "Do you know what's
about to transpire, bitch?" He inquired with a sadistic chortle. "Yes, merciful
Sir James!" The slave almost shrieked, but instead of her voice being filled
with fear, it was laced with masochistic lust. "I'll give you a choice, bitch.
You may display your submission prior to me attending to you, or you may express
your heart felt gratitude following the event. Which do you chose, bitch?" He
asked imperiously.

There was a momentary pause before the lust crazed slave replied, and I listened
with bated breath for her choice, for which ever one it was, I knew what it
would involve. Michelle, of course, did not, so she waited in mere expectation
of something even more bizarre than that she had witnessed so far to happen, and
her excitement was almost palpable. "Kind Sir James!" The slave almost squealed.
"I long to display my submission, but I yearn even more to express my utter
gratitude to you for your benevolent attention to my slave needs! Please!
Please, merciful Sir James, allow me to display my gratitude.

"Very good, slave!" James replied, then began to attend to the slave's final
preparations. He began by kneeling next to her hanging tits. "You will remain
silent, bitch! Not a sound from you while I attend to you!" He commanded
sadistically. The James reached under the slave and clasped her tit, just below
the swollen teat, and tugged the teat down towards the vicious clamp. He
carefully placed  the stiff meaty teat between the jaws of the clamp, then
allowed those strongly sprung jaws to snap shut. The slave's eyes bulged wildly,
and she clamped her teeth tight together to stifle the shriek of agony that
threatened to burst from her throat when the fierce pain of the spiked clamp
jaws bit deeply into her tender teat meat. James quickly repeated the process
with the slave's other teat, then stood up allowing Michelle and I to clearly
see her stretched out tits, and the silvery clamps crushing her tender teats.

James then moved around to the slave's tied down rear. He stopped the engine of
the mechanical masturbator, and the mighty dildos ceased to ream out her arse
and cunt holes, and the ring stropping her swollen cunt slug stopped at the base
of the quivering stalk leaving its length completely exposed. James took the
needle from the slave's sweating, welted arse slabs, and we watched while she
drew her arse cheeks back the tiny amount her bondage allowed. James carefully
placed the tip of the needle against the delicate meat of the tip of her
straining cunt slug, then, with one finger, tapped her arse cheek lightly.

The suffering slave reacted immediately, by driving her hips back down  that
tiny amount. Her mouth gaped wide in sheer agonised shock, and tears poured from
the corners of her screwed shut eyes,  but even now the slave uttered not a
single sound. She shook her shoulders as much as her bondage would permit,
tearing wildly at her savagely clamped teats, as if to force them to cause her
ever more agony. The reason for all this was, of course, what had happened to
her cunt slug. The movement of her arse had served to drive a quarter of an inch
of the needle James held into the sensitised meat of the tip of her slut cock,
and the agony that this act inflicted must have been horrific for the slave.

Michelle's eyes were also wide with shock, and the hand squeezing my breast
closed so tightly that it was almost painful for me as well. I gently eased her
hand open, smiling at her with sadistic glee. Michelle understood what she had
just witnessed, and was fascinated by the slave's willingness to submit to such
terrible torment, and within seconds she dropped her hand down into my crotch,
and drove three fingers deeply into my drenched pussy tube.

We returned our attention back to the slave just in time to see James move back
to her head. The slave's body had ceased to shudder by this time, and her wide
eyes were again open, although tears still tricked down her flushed cheeks. The
look on her beautiful face, and the gleam in her violet eyes, was now one of
beatific ecstasy. The slave had lost herself completely in her acute suffering,
and was wallowing in her masochistic elation.

James allowed the suffering slave to both wallow in her pain, and to come to
terms with its sheer intensity, before he took up a position which backed his
rear end up to her face. He leant forward, causing the recently bared split
between his muscular buttocks to split widely, baring the ridged pout of his
pungent anus to her wide eyes. "You may express your gratitude, and submission,
slave slut!" He commanded, his normally calm and controlled voice now betraying
just a hint of erotic excitement.

We watched the slave throw her head forward, and bury her pretty face into the
meaty split. She glued her lips to her tormentor's pungent arse ring and her
slavish tongue went wild on the heavily muscled orifice. James's face soon began
to become flushed with pleasure as the submissive tongue on his intimate orifice
excited him. We watched, Michelle in awed excitement, while the tormented slave
thrust her wiggling tongue deeply into the dominant's spicy arsehole, and
tongued passionately for his pleasure.

James enjoyed the lewd attentions of the suffering slave for fully five minutes,
before he, somewhat reluctantly, stood up from his crouch, and removed his
palpitating arse ring from the slave's servile tongue. He quickly pushed the
bondage trolley back up to the hole in the wall where, as if by magic, a fresh
cunt suddenly appeared. This pussy was shaved, and its thick gaping lips
revealed a sopping interior and already stiff, and fully exposed clitoris.

Almost immediately, and despite the fabulous pain that the slave must have been
suspended in, her talented tongue began to whip the straining clitoris with
feral velocity, even more rapidly than it had done before. It took the little
slave only about twenty seconds to drive the woman to shattering climax. The
fact that the woman had orgasmed didn't seem to affect the slave one iota. Her
servile, and supremely skilled tongue didn't miss a beat, and she tongue whipped
the woman's clitoris to a fresh orgasm even more quickly. It took the adept
slave almost no time at all to drive her sexual target to the five required
climaxes. James pulled her back from the hole immediately he saw that she had
achieved her target. He wasted no time in freeing her teats from the clamps, and
removing the needle from her cunt slug, then freeing her body altogether.

While James was replacing the rubber material over the slaves hind quarters, and
replacing her discipline helmet, I hugged and kissed the excited Michelle. Then
I spoke to James, as Mistress of the house, "James, I am completely satisfied
with the slave's performance, as, I'm sure, is our visitor. In fact, I'm so
pleased with her that you can put her in the 'closet' for a few hours, and allow
her to feast on cunt to her heart's content."

Michelle looked up into my face with a puzzled expression on her face, and I
explained that our townhouse backed up to a combined lesbian and homosexual
brothel, and that my husband had come to an arrangement with the proprietors of
that establishment that was mutually beneficial. It gave us the opportunity to
subject our slaves to prolonged periods of service, practicing their
specialties, cock and cunt sucking, and it gave the brothel an extra, and
lucrative service to offer its clients. The 'closet' itself was a small room,
barely large enough to contain the slave's bondage trolley, and with a hole cut
in its wall at the level, obviously, of the slave's head.

"How long before the cock sucker is set up, James?" I inquired as James prepared
to wheel the cunt sucker out, and off to her reward. "In about a half an hour,
Madam." The servant replied, then quickly added. "I had meant to inform you,
Madam, his Lordship has instructed that the slave not be pleasure relieved, but
be catheter drained under extreme punishment. It appears that the slave gagged
slightly while deep throating one of his Lordship's larger endowed companions
last evening. His training regime, however, is to remain unchanged. Does Madam,
and her guest still wish to view the proceedings?"

"Certainly!" I replied immediately, noting a fresh flush of erotic excitement
decorating Michelle's beautiful face. I was, by this time, convinced that this
girl was quite strongly dominant in nature, and this reaction seemed to confirm
that conjecture. James, too, noticed this reaction from Michelle, and made a
suggestion that thrilled her to her core. "Perhaps your guest would enjoy
participating in the slave's discipline, Madam?" Michelle nodded, in the
affirmative, but with strangely muted eagerness and I, of course, was only too
happy to allow her to do so.

Michelle and I went back up stairs, and took lunch in the kitchen. We remained
naked, except for the peignoirs draped around our shoulders, despite the fact
that a maid, herself erotically clad in a classic French maid's costume, several
sizes too small for her relatively voluptuous charms, attended to our wants. I
was, of course, used to appearing nude, or near nude in front of our serving
staff, but Michelle was not, and I was really quite amazed at how naturally she
was acting, apparently not in the least bit embarrassed.

As it happened, it was almost an hour before James signaled that all was in
readiness for the session with the cock sucker. I glanced over at Michelle, and
saw that her beautiful face was flushed with excitement. I also noted that her
pink nipples were stiff, clear evidence that the thought of actually
participating in the punishment of a slave was causing her to become acutely
sexually aroused. Yes, indeed, I surmised the lovely Michelle is a latent
Dominatrix. We returned down stairs to the special room once again, and when we
entered Michelle's eyes widened in sheer shock at the sight that we were
presented with. Then she exclaimed, excitedly, "What a fabulously beautiful
penis he has! I've never seen one so big, and yet so perfectly shaped! And what
huge testicles! He must produce enormous amounts of cock cream!"

"No! No!" I cried, stopping Michelle's excited declarations, "This pig is a
slave! Slaves don't have penises and testicles! They have lust slugs, depraved
prick stalks, obscene cock poles! They have trash bags, scum holders, or nuts,
or balls! But they never have penises or testicles! You must never, never give a
slave that amount of respect, or you'll give the animal delusions above his
station!" Michelle listened to my instructions in growing excitement, realising
that I was right, but her reaction to what was so obscenely displayed in front
of us had become too much for her initially.

What we were staring at, of course, would surely have had such an effect on
anyone, seeing it for the first time, especially if they were as highly sexed as
this young girl was. The slave was strapped to a similar trolley to that that
the cunt sucker had been tied to. His was slightly different, however, in that
it was concave in structure. This meant that the slave's waist was strapped
tightly to the lowest part of the curved bench. His head was raised up high, to
the level of the hole in the wall, and his naked arse was also raised high. The
rear of the trolley was not solid like the rest of it, rather a box like series
of metal rods. The slave's legs and ankles were securely trapped to the outside
rods so that he was unable move his lower body even one centimeter.

The slave was nude from the waist down, and his muscular arse slabs were arched
up, and separated by his bondage. His head had also been removed from its
discipline helmet. His enormous lust pole, that had had such an electrifying
effect on Michelle, was fully erect and pointed straight down towards the floor.
His fat, sap filled scum bags were as tight as drums at the thick base of his
slug. I have to admit that the slave's prong was truly a magnificent specimen of
male sexuality, and was as proud as punch that I owned it.

James stood off to one side listening to our conversation with a slight smile
creasing his cruel lips. He had already removed the strip from his leather
trousers, and the fleshy crack of his muscular arse contrasted starkly with the
black colouring of his trousers. After we had taken our seats, James continued
on with the slave's preparations, which we had obviously interrupted when we
arrived. He approached the slave's trapped hindquarters with two items. The
first was a weird looking glass bowl. Instead of an open top it tapered into a
nine inch long tube which was about a quarter of an inch in diameter, and the
second was a thin leather strap.

James knelt behind the slave, taking care not to obscure what he was going to do
from our sight. He grasped the slave's stalk and bent it out, then took the
strange bowl in his other hand. He carefully introduced the tip of the glass
tube into the slit in the tip of the slave's strongly erect prick, then casually
drove all nine inches of the tube into his prick. James then wedged his knee
against the base of the bowl, and quickly wrapped the thin strap around the
slave cock, just below the head, and buckled it as tightly as he could. James
then allowed the prick to drop down once again, and now the bowl hung from its
tip, the strap around the base of the slave's slug head tight enough to ensure
that the glass tube could not slip out.

When James was satisfied that the bowl could not slip out of the slave's prick
slug he went about attending to his scum bags. He took another small, supple
strap, this one almost an inch wide, then used one hand to squeeze and tug at
the slave's fat gonads, trying to get them to become pliable. Having achieved
this aim James quickly pulled the smooth eggs out from the base of the slave's
cock stalk and slipped the strap around their base and buckled it tightly. When
James moved back we were able to see the slave's tight nuts standing out from
his lust pole in a fleshy, tender mass, gorgeously vulnerable, and utterly
defenseless.

James then, ominously, placed a long, thin, silvery needle on the top of the
slave's nude arse slabs, which seemed to shiver slightly at the sensation this
caused. James then stood back up to his full height, and approached us. He had a
specialised ball whip in one hand. The whip was just like a riding crop, except
that in the place of the normal single lash there was a cluster of tiny chains,
each tipped with a quarter of an inch diameter steel ball, much like a ball
bearing. James presented this whip to Michelle, who took it in a trembling hand,
trembling with excitement, I might add.

"The slave is ready, young Madam." James said after Michelle had taken the whip.
"You must thrash his scum bags with the whip, while he displays his submission
in the appropriated fashion. When whipping the nuts you must be utterly
merciless. The slave must know that he is being punished for his poor
performance. His Lordship has commanded it. His punishment must be brutal, and
unrelenting, if he is to learn from it. Indeed, young Madam, the slave himself
will not be grateful to you if you show him any pity." James explained to
Michelle. I noted that the slave's eyes were wide with fear as he listened to
his fate being spelled out so graphically, but they also betrayed a glint of
masochistic lust, and sheer yearning.

"Will you get into position now, if you please, Madam." James asked, then moved
himself, to the slave's head. Michelle stood up and shucked off her peignoir to
completely reveal her glorious nudity. This didn't seem to have any effect what
so ever on James, and I marveled at his capacity to be exposed to sexual
eroticism without apparent effect. Michelle walked over until she stood
immediately behind the slave. She quickly measured off a stance that would allow
her to whip his balls with good full swings, and once she was satisfied, she
nodded to James.

James then stepped over the slave's head and turned to face away from his
strapped down body. He then bent forward at the waist, and presented the fleshy
crack of his buttocks to the slave's face. I watched while the slave craned his
head forward slightly, and slipped his flushed face deeply into that warm, meaty
crevasse. The slave's lips were soon pressed firmly into James's anal pout, and
I could see that the chattel already had his submissive tongue at work on his
dominator's spicy arsehole. "Begin now, Madam!" James ordered.

Michelle drew the brutal whip back, then brought it flashing down towards its
defenseless target. A muffled wail of pain emanated from the slave's mouth when
the metal balls slapped deeply into his bulging nuts, causing the tender orbs to
swell and shudder with the pain that flowed through their delicate masses.
Michelle drew back the whip again and sliced it savagely back to the slave's
suffering balls. She whipped and whipped, being urged on by James, from time to
time, to be ever more savage and brutal.

The slave's moans and wails of suffering, deliciously muted, and enhanced by
sloppy sucking sounds, continued unabated while Michelle, growing more and more
sadistic by the second, seemed to be flaying his fabulously swollen balls harder
and harder. She punished the slave like a true Dominatrix, showing him no mercy
what so ever, and reveling in her own innate cruelty fully. James let her go on
and on until even I was beginning to feel sorry for the anguished slave. But I
knew better than to question James's tactics. He was the expert in slave
training, not I, and both my husband and I always deferred to his expertise when
it came to the training and disciplining of slaves.

Michelle's skin was actually beginning to shine with her perspiration before
James finally called upon her to cease. She stopped whipping the slave's balls,
and breathed in deep gasps of air, to recover from her efforts. She made to
return to the couch when James stopped her with a suggestion that caused her
beautiful face to light up with delight.

"Young Madam, Once you have punished a slave, you should always accept his
gratitude for your attention!" James informed Michelle. "I think you already
know how this is done." He added with a sage grin. Michelle wasted no time in
responding to James's suggestion, and was soon bending down, with her shapely
bottom before the slave's tear streaked face, which was soon buried between
those svelte bottom cheeks, and she was experiencing the delights of submissive
tongue on her cute little arse ring for the first time. By the time Michelle had
returned to our sofa, her face was flushed with pleasure, and her succulent
little pussy was drenched.

Michelle slipped easily into my waiting arms, and I tweaked her hot, stiff
nipples as we settled down to watch the rest of the proceedings. James clapped
his hands loudly, once, and a lovely big, stiff penis appeared, as if by magic.
It protruded into the room in front of the slave's face, and his expression
immediately transformed from one of anguish and misery, to delight at the sight
of it. James edged the slave's trolley forward, until the serf's long wet
tongue, already lolling obscenely from his gaping mouth, was able to reach the
swollen head of the clearly throbbing male pole.

The slave's eager tongue, immediately it was capable of touching the lovely
penis head, wrapped itself around that knob of aroused male sexuality, and
squeezed it with helpless passion and devotion. We watched while the slave
settled into a regime of licking and lapping at the gorgeous penis head,
stimulating its nerve filled meat with consummate skill and utter adoration.

James moved around to the slave's rear as soon as he saw the servile tongue go
to work. He reached down and took up the long needle that had been testing on
the tops of the slave's bulging arse slabs, and stared down at his thoroughly
punished, and grotesquely swollen nuts. James carefully placed the point of the
needle against the side of the slave's balls, and we saw that the trapped
animal's whole body seemed to shiver with dread when he realised what was about
to befall him. Never the less, his passionate tongue did not miss a beat, but
continued to lap and lave the head of the penis, as if it were his sole reason
for being.

James brutally drove the needle clean through the swollen nuts, until two inches
of its silvery length appeared on the other side of the sex cluster. The slave's
whole body seemed to convulse, and all his muscles went taut. The agony must
have been magnificent, but barely a whimper was heard from the suffering slave,
and his lapping tongue, if anything, became even more passionately devoted to
the penis head that it worshipped. The slave suffered and suffered, and licked
and lapped, until we were greeted with the utterly lewd sight of streams of man
juice spewing from the tip of the penis head, and flowing over the slave's
wildly lapping tongue.

The slave tried valiantly to suck the gushing cream into his mouth, but, of
course, a good proportion of it dripped down onto the floor below him, onto a
specially placed rubber mat, so that it would not mar the polished surface of
the floor. Almost at the same instant that the slave's devoted tongue began to
receive the fruits of its labour, Michelle's eyes widened in wonder. I followed
her amazed gaze to the slave's rear, and saw that his ball scum was flowing into
the bowl, and realised that the slave too, was emptying his tortured nuts.

As soon as the penis had exhausted its supply of cream under the passionate
attentions of the slave's ever busy tongue, it was immediately replaced with a
fresh one, and the servile animal re-commenced his devoted tonguing of the new
penis's spongy head. His tongue seemed utterly tireless despite its vigorous,
and continuos work. It lapped and laved, and squeezed and teased each penis
head, until each surrendered to its passionate talent, and bathed it with a flow
of hot, steamy man juice. And each time a penis head throbbed to gushing climax,
the slave's own brutally skewered nuts released a fresh surge of his lust cream
into the bowl hanging from his own throbbing prick slug.

By the time the slave had tongued the required fifteen spurting climaxes from
the penises presented to him the bowl dangling from the head of his own slug was
almost full, and his nuts had shrunken and slackened to soft orbs that draped,
empty and sated, down the thick stalk of his now limpish pole of servile lust.
All though this Michelle and I had our hands buried in each others pussies, and
we too, had extracted a number of climaxes from our excited sex flesh while we
watched proceedings.

James immediately began to attend to the slave. He elicited a tiny whimper from
the trapped nudity when he roughly extracted the needle from the slave's slack,
empty balls. James then extracted the tube from the pig's sated cock slug, and
checked the bulb, grinning in satisfaction when he saw the it was full, to the
brim, of slave ball scum. James unstrapped the slave's head, and allowed it to
hang down towards the floor. He then retrieved a large glass bowl from the
inbuilt cupboard, and emptied the bulb full of slave cock juice into it.
Finally, he took up the rubber mat that had been placed below the slave's face
when he had been pleasuring the penises, and added the cream that had dripped
onto it to the bowl.

James then placed the bowl of sex juice below the slave's head. The slave
immediately dropped his face down to the bowl, and his agile tongue began to lap
up the musky sex juice. We watched while the slave lapped up the cock cream,
like a cat with a bowl of cream. Michelle and I finally left the room just as
the salve's eager tongue was diligently licking up the last dregs of his own
ball cream, ensuring that not a trace of it remained in the bowl.

Michelle and I repaired to the lounge upstairs and were soon engaged in yet
another bout of passionate lesbian sex. The girl was truly insatiable when it
came to sex, and she exhausted me completely. We drifted off to sleep in each
others arms, and did not reawaken until quite late in the evening. I returned
Michelle to her flat in the city, and we parted with promises to get together
again soon.

It only goes to show how wrongly one can interpret events. I had picked Michelle
as a latent Domina. I couldn't have been more wrong. The girl has actually
turned out to be the most exquisitely masochistic submissives I have ever seen.
My husband and I, of course, once we learned of this, completely enslaved her.
She is set for a life of captivity, as the slave of our cunt and cock suckers,
and an instrument of relentless punishment, and she has surrendered to her fate
with immaculate masochistic joy and happiness. She has utterly embraced the fact
that she exists purely to suck the relief from other slaves, and to bear
constant and relentless punishment. For purely financial reasons, she also
serves in the brothels as a gang banger recipient.

In fact, as we speak, her slave carcass is in stringent bondage in the 'closet'.
Her big soft tits are bare, as are her voluptuous arse slabs, and both are
covered with stripes as I caned her arse, and whipped her tits, just to get her
into the mood to suck the cream from the hundred penises that I have decreed
that she service on this day. To my eternal delight, the servile bitch squealed
out in utter masochistic lust to me as I left the bizarre room, "Adored Madam!
Please! Please! Please! Raise my sentence to two hundred cocks!"

I chortled with glee while replying that her request had been granted, then the
submissive animal squealed out a fresh plea, "Please! Please! Please! Worshipped
Madam! Have my big, soft, slave tits whipped a hundred more times, and as hard
and as mercilessly as possible! Please, revered Madam, have my lewd, obscene
slave tits whipped without mercy, to punish me for having questioned your law!"
Her awful ravings were silenced by the length of a large penis driving deeply
into her submissive, and passionately sucking mouth.

I returned to the room as soon as the slave was entirely taken up with her lewd
sucking, and retrieved a couple of needles. I straddled her strapped down
nudity, and reached under her to her softly swaying tits, with a needle in each
hand. I scraped the tips of the needles over each of her strongly erect teats,
then used my teeth on an ear lobe to draw her face away from the penis, so that
I could stare cruelly into her wide eyes. "Do you want it, bitch?" I asked in a
quiet whisper. "Oh, please, my adored Madam!" She replied with a sob of emotion,
her eyes radiating love and adoration. She whimpered deliciously when I drove a
needle through each of her teats, and her eyes widened further while she
wallowed in her immaculate agony. The slave smiled up at me with love radiating
from her beautiful features, and whispered passionately, before dropping her
mouth back onto the arching penis before her, "Promise me, adored Madam! Please
promise me that you will punish my slave tits forever, and ever, and ever! My
slave heart loves you, darling Madam! My slave soul worships you, adored Madam!
My slave tits long to be punished by you, cruel Madam! My slave arse slabs yearn
to be punished by you, merciless Madam! My slave cunt split craves your brutal
punishment, pitiless Madam!"




Chapter 15 - A New Prison Tale - John's Story

I was beside myself with excitement when Master announced that June and I were
to swap prisons for a change. My mind was filled with the joy of being used by
countless females, with hot juicy pussies for me to service with my mouth and
penis. I would miss the hot stiff cocks, of course, but it would be so lovely to
be servicing female sexuality for a change. I might not have been so eager had I
known what was in store for me, however, but, on reflection, I might have been
even more excited by the prospect, given my utterly servile, and immaculately
masochistic nature.

I was transported to the prison island in the normal fashion, and a footman
installed my naked body on the small dock. From that point on, nothing was as it
had been before, starting with the way my body was presented. My writs were
shackled to an overhead beam at the end of the small jetty, and my legs were
spread so wide that my feet no longer touched the wooden planks, by means of a
five foot spreader being attached to my ankle cuffs.

While my nudity swayed slowly in the gentle breeze of the early morning the
footman hung various implements from my body rings. After unlocking my penis,
which, of course, immediately snapped to throbbing erection once it was freed,
the footman hung Master's most vicious testicle whip from the ring at the base
of those testicles it was designed to punish. On my stiff hot penis the footman
hung my specialised penis whip, from the ring piercing it behind its swollen
head. A cane with a penis shaped grip, had that grip driven deeply into my tight
arsehole. A plastic folder containing a note to the island's queen was hung from
my right teat ring, and the key, together with my cock lock, was hung from my
left teat ring. Finally, the cruel little cluster of straps that formed my
ejaculation inhibitor was hung from my nose ring.

As soon as he was satisfied that my preparations were complete the footman
re-boarded the boat, and it immediately got under way. I hung there on the dock,
the skin of my naked body being brushed by the cool early morning breeze, and
waited, with ever growing excitement, to be collected. The fact that my body was
decorated with the agents of its punishment made my blood race with masochistic
adrenaline. It had become obvious that my week with the female prisoners was not
to follow the normal pattern that took place at the male prison. It was obvious
that punishment would be an integral part of my treatment by the women, and not
merely the erotic diversion that it had become at the men's prison.

I noticed a pair of females approaching the dock after about a half an hour or
so. One of them was tall and dressed in a long flowing robe. Her companion was
much smaller, and dressed in a short skirted, low necked dress that seemed to be
two sizes too small for her. As they got closer I was able to see that the
taller woman's dress was made of heavy satin, and made her look almost regal. It
was obvious that she was voluptuously built, and her magnificent breasts bulged
over the top of her tight bodice. Her features were tastefully made up, and her
long, black hair hung down her back in a pony tail.

The smaller companion was obviously much younger than the tall woman, probably
still in her teens. She was truly beautiful with a delicate face, and a gorgeous
body. I realised that this must be the lovely Jezebel, who June waxed so lyrical
about in her tales of service on the prison island. The closer she got the more
ridiculously skimpy her dress seemed. Its skirt hem barely covered her bottom
cheeks and pussy, and her large, shapely tits were almost completely bare, their
nipples, it seemed, were the only parts of them hidden from view.

The two of them came right up to my swaying, hanging nudity, their eyes wide
open in wonder and excitement. I guessed that I must have been the first naked
male that they had seen for some time. "Would you look at the prick on him, my
Queen!" The tiny girl cried out in sheer elation. "Yes, little Jezebel." The
regal woman replied, "He does possess a fine specimen. And I will soon see it
stretching, and filling your hot, juicy little pussy, you can be assured!" She
declared, just a a gust of wind caused the girl's skirt to  billow out revealing
not only that she was pantiless, but also that her plump little mound was
hairless and smooth. "Now, get me Master's note, you wanton little hussy!" The
Queen commanded.

The little girl skipped over to my hanging nudity to do her Queen's bidding. She
was so short that she had to reach up to get to the folder hanging from my teat
ring, and as she did her skirt rode up, and I felt the smooth warm skin of her
belly pressing against my stiff penis, which was throbbing with arousal by this
time. The girl unhooked the note, and returned to the Queen, handing it to her.
While the Queen opened the note, and then began to read it out loud, Jezebel
could not tear her eyes away from my long, stiff penis, her mouth literally
drooling with wanton lust. I tried to thrust it out towards her, to show her
that it was stiff and hot, just for her, that the sight of her erotically
adorned charms was the sole reason that it stood so hard and aroused, that it
was hers to use, and abuse to her heart's content. Then the Queen's commanding
voice broke my concentration. I hung there and shivered with delicious dread,
while she read the instructions out loud, for the benefit of Jezebel, and for as
well, I suppose.

Queen of Prisoners

The slave pig hanging from the beam is yours for a week.

As is the case with his bitch sister, the pig is essentially a pain slave. The
fact that he is an utterly servile, exquisitely trained sex animal as well, is
merely a bonus. You can be assured that the pig's mouth and tongue are as
skilled as the bitch's, and that the prick slug that juts out from his fork is
capable of feats of endurance that are almost beyond belief, especially when it
is adorned by the spit inhibitor that hangs from the pig's nose ring.

To the spit inhibitor itself. I would recommend that it is attached to the pig's
prick slug whenever you want to use it to fuck yourselves, although this is not
mandatory. Firstly, we don't want any unwanted pregnancies, even though we can
take care of such an event if necessary, and secondly, if the inhibitor is used
then the pig can remain stiff and hard endlessly. The bonus with the inhibitor
is that it only prevents the spitting, but not the climaxes. The pig's nuts are
prevented from spitting their scum, but not from producing it. This causes the
pig to suffer more and more as his nuts swell to bursting point, as he should,
whenever his prong is permitted to enter the sexual paradise of superior pussy.
It also means that when he is finally permitted to spit, the eruption is quite
spectacular, and should entertain you, and your subjects mightily.

Now to the actual spitting that the pig is to be permitted to display. I command
that he only be allowed to spit just once a day. How, and under what
circumstances you achieve this, is entirely up to you. But I would suggest that
whipping the scum from the pig's prick slug is both highly entertaining, and
also beautifully degrading and deliciously painful for the pig himself,
especially if the audience watching it happen is large. It is also quite
entertaining to have the pig wank himself before an audience while he verbally
humiliates himself for the viewers' amusement.

In the matter of communication I had intended that the pig be restricted to the
sparse and

restrictive regime that he is held in here, at the chateau. But, on reflection,
and in deference to your amusement, I have decided that the pig may express
himself on occasion. His verbal utterances, however, are restricted to begging
and pleading while asking to be punished, and describing his anguish while
actually being punished. Other than this, he is to remain silent.

This brings me to the matter of punishment. As I mentioned earlier, the pig is
essential a pain slave. The more merciless and relentless the punishment, the
more spectacular is the pig's response. He glories in his suffering, adores it,
yearns for it, and is only really happy when his slave carcass is in total
agony. He must be punished savagely, and frequently throughout the week. I place
no limits on the amount of punishment that the pig is forced to endure. Only
that the whips that hang from his carcass now are the only ones to be used. This
is so because each of them are designed to punish a specific part of the slave's
anatomy, and are designed to inflict the maximum pain, while causing the least
amount of actual physical damage. The pig's punishments must be savage, brutal,
and be inflicted with utter pitilessness. I have found that, here at the
chateau, committed lesbians are best suited to punishing males, and I know you
have many such women among your subjects. Use then, Queen of slaves, use them
for this purpose.

You will have, no doubt, received the arm binders I sent to you. The pig's arms
are to be kept in bondage whenever he is used for sexual service. The pig is
never to be permitted to touch the bodies of his superiors during sexual
service. His hands are only ever available to him when I have him perform with
other slaves. There must be no exception to this rule and I, even though you
might disagree, do not consider that there are any slaves on the island.

The pig's carcass is to be in good condition when it is picked up at the end of
the week. This is the only stipulation I have.

The Master

By the time the Queen had finished reading out Master's instructions, and
suggestions, my hanging nudity was shaking with masochistic lust. A week of
unrelenting suffering, mingled with unrestrained sexual lust, was almost beyond
my wildest dreams. My huge prick throbbed with absolute depravity, my testicles
ached with longing, and my whip handle packed arse pit squeezed the length of
its enormous invader in helpless passion. The Queen's slut, Jezebel, approached
my swinging nudity again, and began to try to bring it down. She couldn't, of
course reach up high enough to free my wrists, and had to be assisted by the
Queen.

While the Queen was busy unshackling my wrists, Jezebel removed the spreader
from my ankles, and my feet were once again able to touch the wooden planking of
the jetty. When my hands were free I immediately clasped them behind my head to
clearly display that even when not in bondage, my compete submission to the
women was complete. While Jezebel was unhooking the two whips from my penis and
testicles she asked in wonder, "Do you really like to have your lovely, big,
stiff cock, and gorgeous, fat, sap filled balls whipped with these?"

"Please! Please, adorable little Madam!" I cried out with masochistic lust, "A
lewd pain slave's lust prong and scum bags exist to be punished! When you whip
mine with these fabulous whips, sweet Madam, whip them hard! Whip them
mercilessly! Whip them pitilessly! Please, sweet Madam! Please!" My servile
reaction was received with astonishment by the pair of prisoners, but not with
any sense of revulsion, rather with giggles of girlish excitement.

Jezebel quickly removed my cock lock, and its key from my left teat, the Queen
commenting when she was handed them, "We won't be needing these this week!" She
then pocketed these items, and withdrew a dog leash from a pocket hidden in the
folds of her flowing gown. This joined the spurt inhibitor in being clipped to
my nose ring. The cane, with its enormous penis grip was left buried deeply in
my stretched open arsehole while I was led off towards a building off in the
distance.

I followed the two women, gazing longingly at the glimpses of little Jezebel's
cute bare bottom cheeks each time a gust of breeze caused her skimpy skirt to
lift. After about five minutes or so we entered a large building. As with the
male prison island there were no locks on the doors, the sea forming the most
appropriate means of discouraging escape, not that there was ever likely to be a
serious attempt from the bizarrely run prison. We walked down a long corridor,
sounds coming from behind many of the doors along its length, until we came to
what were to prove to be the Queen's quarters, which she shared with her
personal slut, Jezebel, and a harem of five other young girl prisoners.

Once inside the Queen's quarters I was prodded and pushed until I was kneeling
on a mat before the Queen's throne-like armchair. The two of them then, almost
completely ignoring my presence, began to talk about how my time might be
allocated to the general population. I knelt there, blushing with shame as each
suggestion was considered and either agreed, or rejected. The terrible spurt
inhibitor, still degradingly dangling from my nose ring, would be strapped to my
penis almost constantly, and I shuddered with dread when I realised just how
swollen and aching my poor testicles were to become.

Between them the two decided that the Queen's harem would always have first use
of me each morning. Then I would spend ten hours in the prison common room,
being used by the general population, or at least those members that were either
bisexual, or predominately heterosexual, which, to my mild surprise, was most of
the population. Jezebel was instructed to form a squad of four of the most
virulent, man hating dykes to administer to my punishments. The beautiful little
girl was also appointed as my pimp for the week.

The spurt inhibitor was removed from my nose ring as I knelt, spread legged
before the seated Queen of prisoners, by Jezebel. Under the Queen's instructions
she reached down into my hairless fork and, with some initial difficulty,
managed to fix the complex series of thin straps around the base of my achingly
erect penis, and tightly packed testicle sack. She eventually worked out which
strap went where, with some non verbal assistance on my part, then pulled it all
tight and stepped back to admire her work.

My splayed open thighs shuddered with a mixture of dread, and acute sexual
excitement when the Queen asked her lovely personal slut teasingly, "Is your
little pussy hot and wet, you little hussy?" Jezebel replied, of course, that it
was, and the Queen then rejoined. "You can go first then, and we'll see how the
pig performs!" Then, turning her attention to me, the haughty Dominatrix
commanded, "On your back on the mat with legs and arms outstretched, piggy!
Let's see how good that big prong in your lewd fork is!" I did as I was ordered,
and Jezebel had soon connected my wrist and ankle cuffs to conveniently placed
eye bolts that were embedded in the floor at the corners of the smooth rubber
mat.

Jezebel then shucked off her flimsy dress revealing her gorgeous nudity. My
aching penis throbbed with desire at the sheer beauty of the tiny girl. She
squatted over my crotch, spreading her shapely thighs wide. Her smooth pussy was
already glistening with the juices of her arousal by the time she reached down
and delicately grasped the stem of my steel hard penis, and bent it out from my
splayed open fork. I sighed with pleasure when the swollen head of my penis was
maneuvered until it was brought flush up against the heated, wet meat of
Jezebel's drooling pussy pit.

We both squealed in helpless ecstasy when she plunged her body down, and the
elastic tube of her pussy pit enveloped the entire length of my pounding penis.
She was to tight, and so hot, and the walls of her pussy tube writhed so
exquisitely around my throbbing stalk, that I came immediately. I couldn't help
myself. Jezebel's fabulous pussy was so divine. My testicles ached and ached as
they were denied release for the flood of juice that had been building up in
them, and my penis jerked and pulsated in seemingly never ending orgasm while
Jezebel plunged her pussy up and down on it.

"Oh my Queen!" The wildly rutting slut squealed in ecstasy. "The pig's prong is
so hot, so hard! I'm coming! I'm coming! My lewd twat is exploding with
pleasure!" She shrieked while her rolling bottom rose and fell over my fork with
ever increasing velocity. A few seconds later she erupted once again. I thought
that her pussy pit was trying to strangle the life out of my pounding cock stem,
so violently did its muscular walls react to her climax. "I'm coming again my
Queen!" She squawked, completely out of control, her plump tits flopping wildly
with her gyrations.

By this time I almost beside myself with sexual lust, but despite this I fought
valiantly to stop my penis from climaxing again, in the vain hope of relieving
the powerful strain on my bursting testicles. Also, I noted that five more young
females, all gloriously naked, had entered the room. This, I supposed, was the
rest of the Queen's personal harem. All of the girls were tiny in stature, but
with huge tits. The tall voluptuous Queen obviously liked her sex partners to be
young, lovely, tiny in stature, but big titted, and found myself wondering if
they were natural, or hormonally enhanced.

While the small group watched avidly, Jezebel continued to fuck her brains out
on my aching penis, until she climaxed for a third time, then the queen snapped,
"That will do, you little slut!" With extreme reluctance, Jezebel rose up from
my body, her writhing pussy pit giving my penis an extra strong squeeze of
farewell as it reluctantly allowed the stalk of lust to escape its clutches. My
penis was red, and horrifically swollen by this time, and glistened wetly with
Jezebel's creamy joy juice.

"My, my!" The Queen exclaimed. "The pig's cock has grown beautifully. By the
time you've all finished little whores, it will be just right for my cunt!" Then
she addressed her little gathering of sex toys, "Each of you can fuck the pig
until you've come three times, and don't waste any time over it, for I'm getting
as horny as hell!" She beckoned to the sweating Jezebel, still glowing from her
repeated sexual climaxes. "You, little slut, can help by releasing some of my
sexual energy for me while I watch my harlots enjoy themselves, and wait for my
turn with the slave pig!"

While I watched the delicious little Jezebel, and a couple of her colleagues
strip the Queen the first of the harem speared her hot pussy on my standing
penis, and I was once again filled with pleasure. The girl pumped away, driving
herself towards inevitable orgasm while I watched the magnificent body of the
Queen, being revealed. It was no wonder that this bevy of beautiful young girls
was so devoted to their Queen for the woman was truly magnificent, the very
epitome of voluptuous female sensuality. Her breasts were superb, huge and firm,
with nipples that were as large as any I had ever laid eyes on. Her bottom
cheeks were perfectly shaped and flawless, but it was what was between her
voluptuous thighs that really had me drooling with lust.

The neatly trimmed bush of hair could not conceal the long lipped pussy that
nestled there so alluringly. The pussy was exquisite in every detail. Its lips
were long and smooth, and deliciously plump. The clitoris at the apex of those
divine sex lips was so big that it actually splayed the lips open slightly, even
in its dormant state. The sheer size of the stalk of female sexuality meant that
its shiny tip was revealed, rather than hidden by its loose foreskin, as is more
normal for the average sized clitoris. This was the pussy of a highly sexed
woman. It was a commanding, and utterly demanding pussy, that required a bevy of
sluts to attend to its pleasure. One could never be enough!

I gazed at the exquisite pussy with helpless adoration, while my erotically
tormented penis erupted in yet another dry climax, brought on as much by the
sheer sight of the Queen's fabulous charms, as it had by the gloriously tight,
hot, wet pussy tube that plunged up and down on its arching length. I was almost
green with envy while I watched Jezebel kneel before her Queen, and bring her
lovely face up to that divine sex. I was denied the continued sight of Jezebel's
flicking tongue teasing the Queen's sacred pussy when a pair of slender thighs
closed around my head, and I was presented with a young pussy, shaved smooth,
and dripping with the juice of it owner's lust.

I closed my mouth over the pussy and thrilled to the spicy flavours it exuded. I
sucked on it passionately, tongue lashing its stiff little clitoris until it
exploded in shattering orgasm. "Does the pig suck well, slut?" I heard the Queen
ask, and was gratified when the slut whose pussy I was feasting on replied, "He
sucks cunt like a slut, my Queen!" And I drove my tongue as deeply into her
pussy pit as was humanly possible, to let the girl know that I was grateful for
her praise of my devoted tongue.

Each of the remaining sluts, in turn, mounted my penis and fucked herself to the
allowed three orgasms on its throbbing length. After a while I began to gain
more control over my own reactions, and only dry climaxed two more times before
the last of the Queen's harem had taken her pleasure, and I was left, lying on
my back, with my penis swollen almost beyond belief, and scarlet in its coloring
and, of course, dripping with glistening female joy juice.

"Jezebel," The Queen ordered, thrusting the little slut's face away from her
pussy. "Clean up the pig's prong while I allow him to worship my cunt, before I
use the prong to pleasure it!" My heart leapt with joy at these words. Not only
would I be able to savour the sensations of a soft tongue licking the juices
from my aching penis, and soothing it, but I was to be granted the sacred honour
of tasting the Queen's exquisite sex. It was an almost an overbearing burden for
me to bear, not being able to cry out my gratitude to the Queen, for the gifts I
was being granted, but I remembered Master's instructions. I was only to
communicate verbally while undergoing punishment.

I sighed with pleasure when Jezebel's soft tongue lapped insistently over the
fabulously sensitised skin of the swollen head of my penis. The little slut
began to diligently undertake the task her sovereign had given her, to clean my
rock hard penis of the juices of the pussies that had used its throbbing length
for their pleasure. Then the Queen's open thighs descended, and enveloped my
head and I found myself confronted with sheer paradise.

The Queen had arranged herself so that she could watch Jezebel at her task. This
meant that my eyes were greeted with the wondrous sight of the Queen's highly
aroused sex, but also the pinkish ring of her tasty looking little anal opening,
nestling so alluringly between her split open bottom cheeks. I almost sobbed
with happiness while the ripe aroma of aroused female sexuality overwhelmed my
senses. I could not stop myself. The sight of those long plump pussy lips,
gaping open, and glistening with arousal, the large swollen, stiff clitoris, the
gaping mouth of the heavenly pussy tube, were all too much for me. I had to
surrender to this vision of sexual paradise! I had to signal to the Queen that I
adored her, and worshipped her with every fibre of my being! So I did the only
thing that a slave could do in such circumstances. With surges of joy and
happiness filling me I raised my head from the floor and submissively tongue
kissed the Queen's glorious anal ring.

I kept my lips glued to the Queen's anal ring for a few seconds, my tongue
spearing the tight ring, to slosh around in the hot rectum, with slavish
passion. Then I withdrew my tongue and prepared myself to enter submissive
paradise. My lips pressed up against the moist lips of the Queen's sacred pussy,
and my taste buds were flooded with the rich, ripe flavours of her overpowering
sexuality. I couldn't help myself, my long, agile tongue plowed deeply between
those swollen lips and slurped wildly at the juices that flooded the sex slot in
abundance. My mouth drew the huge clitoris into it and I sucked the hard,
throbbing knob of female lust with passion and submissive delight.

The Queen enjoyed my attentions for a couple of minutes, then rose from my face,
much to my chagrin. She reversed her voluptuous nudity so that she face my head,
then arranged her splayed thighs over my the rearing stalk of my arching penis.
I squealed in joy when her hot, tight pussy tube finally enveloped my stalk of
slave lust completely. I had never experienced a pussy tube so exquisitely hot
and muscular in my life. It seemed to strangle my throbbing length, squeezing it
with powerful contractions. The Queen plunged her bottom up and down on the pole
which began to spasm in dry climax almost from the first, excruciatingly
pleasurable plunge.

My aching, throbbing, pulsating penis continued to explode in uncontrollable
climax during the entire three minutes it took the Queen to bring herself off.
My testicles swelled, and swelled until they must surely burst open with the
insane pressure they were now under. I had never, never, ever been subjected to
such pleasure, pleasure that soon transcended ecstasy, to become rapturous
sexual agony. Then the Queen abruptly rose up, unsheathing her pussy pit from my
aching penis.

Still breathing heavily from her hedonistic exertions, the Queen ordered Jezebel
to prepare me for the day's service, and the rest of her harem were dismissed to
undertake their normal daily duties throughout the complex. I was freed from the
floor and ordered to stand up. Jezebel then went about trapping my arms in a
full bent arm binder that kept each limb firmly captive behind my back, with
elbows touching, and wrists attached to the rear ring in my slave collar. We
then left the Queen's chamber, and made off to the cell that was to be my place
of 'work' each day of my stay at the prison.

When we reached this room a pair of particularly nasty looking bull dykes were
already in the cell. Each of these women was armed with a whip of supple
leather. They were to be my punishers for the day, and would attend to my pain
and suffering whenever my performance warranted such attention, or just to amuse
themselves, as I was to learn as time went on. My sexual ordeal then began.
Dominant women used my penis to bring themselves off, then had me fuck their
sluts in either pussy or arse. Some Dominatrix's had their submissives suck on
my pounding penis, for their own viewing pleasure. And, of course, I sucked on
drooling pussy, and speared tight arse ring with my servile tongue almost with
non stop frequency.

From time to time my arse cheeks would erupt in pain when the sadistic lesbians
laid into them with their whips and canes, sometimes to prepare me for a savage
raping of my arse pit by a dyke with an enormous dildo, and on other occasions
purely for the viewing entertainment of other lesbians. By the time each day's
shift came to an end, I was always completely physically exhausted by the
relentless sexual abuse. My penis was sore and swollen, almost beyond belief,
and my testicles, well they were so swollen, and ached so furiously, that I
could hardly bear to close my thighs.

After the completion of the shift I was taken away, and allowed to shower and
clean my body, under Jezebel's continued supervision, in preparation for the
ritual of my penis spitting, which always took place in the prison's theatre
after the evening meal. The manner in which I was brought off varied from day to
day, but invariably involved a large dose of pain and humiliation for me, and
spectacular erotic entertainment for the watching audience of inmates. After the
prisoners had dined, (I was also fed at the same time, but not in the company of
the inmates), all gathered in the theatre. The dykes would accompany both
Jezebel and I onto the stage, and I would find myself staring out into a sea of
expectant faces, my swollen penis, still trapped in the orgasm inhibitor,
swaying obscenely from my lewd splayed fork. Jezebel had, to my eternal,
delighted humiliation, taken to allowing me to plan my own shamefully obscene
displays, and this allowed me to cater to the almost unendurable masochistic
yearning that would inevitably build up over the day's sexual service.

It would also allow me to express myself in the most obscene and humiliating
fashion, and to wallow in the utter shame of my circumstances, to my heart's
content. All this, of course, was added to the immaculate ecstasy that would
consume me utterly, while my testicles were finally permitted to shed the flood
of built up juices, brought about by the countless dry climaxes that I had been
forced to endure throughout the day. The two cruel dykes assigned for that day
would take great delight in ensuring that my pain and suffering were as brutally
inflicted as possible. It was as if each pair that attended to me tried to outdo
their colleagues in the cruelty and viciousness with which they punished me.

Thus, I would be kneeling between the two sadistic lesbians, waiting for the
stage to be lit up, my heart pounding with delicious dread, my fabulously
abused, achingly erect penis throbbing with depraved lust, and, of course, my
grotesquely swollen testicles aching ferociously, and yearning for release. The
lights of the stage slowly came up, and the buzz of conversation in the body of
the theatre would slowly fade away until complete silence prevailed. It was my
time to be the centre of attention! My heart sang with masochistic joy! My soul
pulsed with servile lust! My brain buzzed with wondrous humiliation and eager
anticipation.

"Sweet Madams and Misses!" I cried out in lust crazed passion. I am overwhelmed
at the pleasures you have granted me this day! But, lovely Madams and Misses, I
am a slave, and must be punished and humiliated for having wallowed so obscenely
in those pleasures. To punish my slave being for catering to my own obscene
lusts while your succulent pussies, divine arses, and sweet mouths use its
perverted prong for your pleasure, while I was so privileged to taste your
luscious arseholes, and delectable pussies, is as necessary for my servile
existence as breathing itself!" I announced, literally shaking with submissive
lust. "You, sweet and adorable Madams and Misses, must witness my obscene,
perverted lust being whipped from my carcass, so that my punishment is total,
and my servile humiliation complete!"

I then turned my attention, and my verbal self subjugation, to the two cruel
lesbians assigned to attend to my discipline. "Fabulous Madams!" I begged in my
most obsequious, and pleading tones, "I thank you from the depths of my soul for
deigning to punish my slave carcass for the entertainment of all the other
Madams and Misses. Please! Please! Wondrous Madams, when you wield the whips, do
so without mercy! Without a shred of pity!" I then called to my pimp, Jezebel,
to prepare me for the ordeal. I had her replace the inhibitor with a presenter
that, when in place, would force my swollen penis to arch straight out from my
fork, rather than reach up along my trembling belly.

When the inhibitor was removed my fabulously aching testicles hardly moved at
all, so tight and full were they. The presenter was quickly strapped in place,
and all was in readiness. I faced the audience, then lay on the floor of the
stage. Then, with a superhuman effort, I arched my back and raised my body up
until only me feet, and my head were in contact with the floor. I spread my legs
so wide that they almost formed a straight line. The effect, of course, was to
present my penis and testicles in an utterly lewd, and consummately vulnerable
fashion.

I then addressed the sadistically leering dyke who had armed herself with the
specialised testicle whip, a long, this supple leather strap with a hardened
lash at its end. "Sweet Madam!" I cried, "Thrash the offal packed nuts between
my slave legs with all your might! Whip them cruelly! Whip them hard! Whip them
without mercy! Whip the fat pills without pity!" Then to the cold eyed dyke who
had chosen to arm herself with the vicious penis whip. A whip consisting off
twenty thin laces, each tipped with a tiny metal ball. A whip designed
specifically to impart the maximum of pain, with a minimum of damage to the pole
of lust it visited. "Lovely Madam!" I pleaded, "Flay the pole of obscene lust
that sprouts arrogantly from my slave fork with all your savagery. Please,
adored Madam! Scourge the lewd stalk with immaculate cruelty! Show no mercy what
so ever! Lash the throbbing lust prong hard! Lash it! Lash it! Lash it!"

Then, while the two cruel dykes were getting into position to accede to my
pleas, taking practice swings with their respective weapons of punishment, I
called out to the Queen of Prisoners plaintively, "Oh my Queen! Witness the
punishment of my slave cock and balls! Enjoy the sight of my obscene balls of
servile lust, and my lewd stalk of subservient depravity wallow in their
exquisite suffering! And when, my Queen, and only when you deem that my
depravity has suffered sufficiently, permit it to demonstrate its undying
gratitude to its cruel tormentors by exploding in a fit of obscene perversity!"

Then I returned to my tormentors, and pleaded with them to begin, my fevered
brain literally singing with masochistic delight, exhorting them to fabulous
cruelty, wonderful savagery, spectacular brutality. A deep seated moan was
wrenched from my heaving chest when the lash of the testicle whip smashed into
the meat of my grotesquely swollen testicles, and the gut wrenching agony flowed
through my body. This was immediately followed my a squeal of sheer misery that
accompanied the first visit of the whip to my throbbing penis, causing that pole
of lust to explode in fire.

I was in slave paradise! I wallowed in horrific ecstasy! I reveled in my
immaculate misery! My squeals and shrieks of suffering reverberated around the
theatre, splitting the almost eerie silence that the audience had been reduced
to while they watched my sexuality suffer its yearned for torment. My swollen
testicles ached and ached, and exploded in fresh agony with each brutally
delivered stroke. My arching pole of male lust throbbed and pulsed in pain and
fire with every savage lash that caused its jerking length to be assailed by the
tiny metal balls.

"Whip harder, adored Madams! Whip harder! Whip harder! Harder!" I shrieked in
ecstatic misery, goading the cruel lesbians on to greater and greater efforts.
"Lash scum filled nuts mercilessly! Scourge throbbing lust stalk pitilessly!
Thrash pills savagely! Flay putrid prick stalk ferociously!" I squawked in sheer
rapture. Then, as my mind began to lose its coherence in the sheer masochistic
frenzy that was consuming my consciousness entirely, and my concentration was
entirely taken up with the amazing feat that preventing my horrifically punished
penis from gushing surges of pre-cum had become, I began to goad the lesbians to
further brutal excesses.

"You aren't whipping hard enough, Madams! Girls never whip prick and nuts hard
enough! Why aren't you whipping harder! Do prick and balls scare you? That's it!
You're scared of my prick! Your terrified of my balls! That's why you're not
whipping them hard enough! Your true colours are on display! You don't hate
prick and nuts! You love them, and don't want to hurt them! That's it! That's
it!" I squealed plaintively. "You're wimps, not cruel at all! Your having pity
on the sexuality of a man! Your showing mercy, just like the soft wimps you
are!"

My insulting words certainly had the desired effects. The brutal dykes were soon
whipping so hard that sweat was flying from their flashing arms, and they had to
take care that they did not actually lose their balances, such was the force
with which they swung their instruments of torture. My horrifically tormented
penis and testicles erupted in the most intense agony immaginable, and I was
reduced to total incoherence. I suffered and suffered, and my brain sang with
delight. Somewhere in the back of my mind I thought I heard the voice of the
Queen. The message was repeated over and over before I reacted, such was my
immaculate immersion in my anguish.

"Gush, slave! Gush out your gratitude to your tormentors!" Repeated at least
five times before my brain registered the message, and when it finally did my
reaction was spectacular. My fire laden pole of lust jerked wildly as the cruel
whip exploded on its swollen and abused length for the umpteenth time. My
bloated testicles flexed madly and seemed to burst in a mixture of sheer agony
and immaculate ecstasy. Then, to the accompaniment of a high pitched squeal of
sexual relief, an enormous stream of boiling penis cream erupted from the tip of
my penis with such force that it arched up almost ten feet above my churning
fork, before splashing down onto my heaving chest.

My mind was in a complete turmoil, and my shrieks of utter ecstasy were almost
the only sounds heard in the theatre while my penis exploded five or six times,
sending seemingly never ending streams of ball juice high into the air above my
wildly writhing body. The two dykes actually ceased to whip me while I climaxed,
adding to the sheer obscenity of my exhibition of bizarre sexuality. My chest
heaved, and I gasped for breath when the force of my release finally began to
ebb, until a mere dribble of sex juice dripped down the length of my still steel
hard penis. Then, as I collapsed onto the floor of the stage, the audience
reacted to my perverted display with a round of applause that grew and grew in
volume.

That night I slept soundly in my cell, and dreamed dreams of utter sexual
slavery, filled with pain and suffering, and bizarre sexual abuse. The next day,
the final one of this visit, found me kneeling before the Queen after having
been fucked by her, and all of her harem. My pussy juice laden penis arched out
from my flooded fork, the inhibitor tightly in place at its base. The Queen was
about to send Jezebel and I off for the day's activities, when a commotion
coming from outside the door interrupted proceedings.

Suddenly, a large, over weight dyke burst into the room, dragging a tiny,
struggling girl along with her. The dyke was dressed in the normal prison denim
fatigues, and the small girl was dressed in a ridiculously skimpy, and short
skirted dress that was obviously a couple of sizes too small for her. My eyes
widened in wonder at the size of the girl's breasts. They were literally huge,
and struggled to escape from the tight confines of the girl's dress top. The
size of girl's breasts was further accentuated by her tiny stature. The skirt of
her dress was so short that the rounds of her lovely bottom were clearly
visible, and it was clear that she was also pantiless. This was one of the
bitches I had not been fucked by during the week, obviously a hard core lesbian
whose benefactor had protected from exposure to male sexuality

"I beg your pardon, my Queen!" The dyke stammered out, "But I could not allow
this little slut to get away with it again. As you know, I have complained on
numerous occasions about her lack of complete passion when I am entertaining my
friends, and her continual complaints that our cunts are too smelly for her. I
can not take the embarrassment any longer, and wish to have the bitch subjected
to an appropriate punishment. To teach the little slut that she is privileged to
be my bitch, and should feel especially fortunate when I allow her to service
the cunts of my friends!"

The Queen fixed the still struggling girl in an angry glare, then asked the
dyke, "What do you have in mind?" The dyke then grinned lasciviously, or was it
cruelly, perhaps a touch of both. "I think the bitch will learn a good lesson if
she were to be publicly humiliated. To do this I suggest that the bitch be
stripped in the theatre tonight, tied down on the stage, and then," She
continued, pointing disdainfully at my arching penis, "Have this putrid pole
flood her cunt pit, arse tube, and finally her reticent mouth with the foul scum
that these," She said, pointing at my swollen testicles, "Seem capable of
producing in enormous quantities. Perhaps then, the little bitch will realise
how privileged she is to be allowed to taste the divine flavours of cunt so
frequently!"

The little girl finally broke free of the dykes tight grasp and flung herself to
her knees before the Queen of prisoners. She literally tore the top of her dress
open, and her enormous, creamy, stiff nippled breasts flopped out. I gazed at
the lovely appendages in awe, so big, so soft, so gorgeous. "Oh, my Queen," The
girl sobbed in anguish, "Please don't have me fucked! Please, oh Queen, have my
fat tits thrashed instead! Please, my queen! Please!" The distraught girl
pleaded, shaking the enormous mounds wantonly at the Queen, as if her display of
lewd submission might influence the Queen's decision.

The Queen gazed down at the pleading girl, her eyes betraying none of the mercy
that the girl had hoped for, but I detected a small glint of desire as well, no
doubt brought on by the sight of the sobbing creature's magnificent breasts. The
Queen's response, however, betrayed not a spec of this desire. "No, slut, I'll
not have your tits punished. That is what you want, so it will not teach you a
lesson at all! I'm sick of the continual complaints about you. When I allowed
you to become a bitch I expected that you would perform as one, without demure."

The Queen then turned her attention back to the dyke, and smiled lasciviously,
"I accept the thrust of your idea, my dear, but I think a couple of small
alterations might improve things." Then, turning back to the still sobbing girl,
the Queen continued, announcing the punishment in the severest of tones. "You
will be used by the slave, but rather than you being tied down while he floods
you with his sex scum, he will be the one held in bondage. You, bitch, will
begin by fucking your wanton cunt pit on his prong until it floods you with male
scum, then you'll fuck your tight, hot little arse tube on it until the same
result is achieved, and finally, you will suck a load from the slave's prick and
savour it graphically, before drinking it down!"

The look of sheer terror that appeared on the girl's lovely face almost made me
feel sorry for her, and she commenced to babble wildly. The Queen silenced her
with an angry glare, then continued, "Quiet, bitch! Not only will you do as you
have been told, but if I don't think that your performance is adequate, you will
be banished to the ranks of the celibate, and don't think for one second that
I'll be easy on you. The opposite will be the case. Now take the bitch away! I'm
sick of the sight of her, and her whining!"

The dyke dragged the still sobbing girl from the room by her hair, her enormous
tits still bare, and flopping around on her slender torso. I was to find out
later that a sentence to the ranks of the celibate meant that the girl would not
be permitted to engage in any form of sexual activity, including masturbation,
and that this would be enforced for the entire length of her sentence. Jezebel
and I were dismissed, and we went off to prepare for my day's activities.

That day went by quite quickly for me, and my sheer sexual frustration was
considerably softened by the knowledge that I would be climaxing three times
that evening, although not under the whip. I was especially passionate in my
sexual activity, coming over and over, without any thought of restraint on my
part, as had been the case on the previous days. I instinctively knew that the
Queen would expect that my climaxes with the bitch to be punished would be
profuse, and highly liquid, so that her humiliation would be complete and all
consuming.

Jezebel attended to my bondage while the prison population were consuming their
evening meal. I was laid on my back on a small, rubber upholstered divan. My
wrists and ankles were cuffed to the posts of the divan, and drawn tight so that
I was stretched out, and unable to move at all. A heavy strap was wrapped around
my belly, and anchored to the divan to ensure that I would be unable to move my
hips up and down, even the tiniest amount. It was soon obvious that the girl was
indeed to do all the work in her own violation, with absolutely no help from me.

Once Jezebel had completed binding me to the divan it was obvious that the
audience had arrived. All that remained was for her to remove the inhibitor from
my penis. Jezebel climbed onto the divan and straddled my tied down nudity, and
I found myself staring up at her lovely young, shapely, pantiless bottom while
she worked. I thanked the powers that my head was not tied down too, for I was
able to raise it, and slip my face between those smooth skinned hemispheres and
press my lips to the rosebud of her succulent little arse ring.

Jezebel mewled with pleasure when my tongue lapped languidly over her intimate
orifice, and wriggled her cute behind a little, allowing me even more access to
the delightful target of my lewd attentions. She then reached down my body to my
fork. One hand grasped the stem of my rigid penis and bent it up from my lean
belly. The fingers of her other hand worked at the straps of the inhibitor until
it fell away from the base of my penis. I sobbed in sexual anguish, and drove my
tongue deeply into the delightful girl's musky arsehole when the pressure was
released, and I concentrated solely on preventing my penis from exploding in
climax as a result of the pressure release.

The next thing I felt were Jezebel's soft lips pressing into the heated meat of
the tip of my throbbing penis. Then she tried to enclose my fabulously swollen
testicles in one fist and, having found this literally impossible, used both
hands to squeeze the fat sap filled orbs. I couldn't help myself, and a small
geyser of my ball cream gushed from the tip of my penis, and I felt the
exquisite sensations of the girl's soft little tongue lapping it up like a
little pussy cat with a bowl of cream.

"Delicious, little piggy! Just delicious!" Jezebel giggled playfully, while her
tongue efficiently cleaned away all of the evidence of her little game. With
some reluctance I allowed my long tongue to escape from the tight, spicy grasp
of her arse ring, and she climbed down from the divan. By this time I perceived
that the girl to be punished had arrived. Jezebel took charge of her from the
dyke, whom she immediately dismissed, then Jezebel began to whisper to the tiny
girl, "Remember, little bitch, your future depends on the next couple of hours,
and how lewdly you use the slave's prong to fuck yourself silly. It's not all
that hard, and you'll love it once you get over the first hurdle. If you let
yourself go you'll experience such pleasures that you would have never thought
possible!" Jezebel whispered, obviously trying to allay the little girl's terror
at being with a male for the first time.

I gazed up at the sexy little creature, wondering how such an obviously feminine
animal could have been reduced to such fear and hatred of the male. I suspected
that probably she had never been fucked in her life before, having found herself
in an exclusively female environment so early in her short life. Then, under the
dominance of cruel and demanding lesbians, she had obviously been efficiently
brainwashed into her current mind set. I decided to try to make her ordeal as
easy for her as possible, given the circumstances.

Jezebel left the girl alone, moving back to the rear of the stage where she
stood motionless. The girl, tentatively, moved over to where I was tied down. I
saw the look of terror in her violet eyes as she stared down at my achingly
rigid penis. I tried to get her attention, my mouth watering with longing at the
sight of her smoothly shaven pussy, peeping alluringly from between her shapely
thighs. I flicked my eyes up to her torso, and marveled at the sheer size of her
tits. The thick, pink teats that capped each creamy orb were stiff, but more
through fear than excitement. Her pussy was, of course, completely dry, and I
quickly made up my mind to assist her in this respect.

As soon as she moved her eyes up to mine I ensured that the softness of my stare
indicated that I sympathised with her. I then flicked my long tongue out,
clearly demonstrating that I would love to stimulate her delightful little pussy
with it. A flicker of uncertainly crossed the girl's quite lovely face, the
first sign that showed anything but utter terror that I had seen to date. The
murmuring of the audience was beginning to take on the form of impatience by
this time, and the girl, when she perceived this, began to tremble even more
violently. Eventually she approached my head and, almost reluctantly, straddled
it.

My nostrils twitched at the pure aroma of fresh young cunt, and my long tongue
shot out immediately, reaching out for the exquisite, fleshy pouch of female
sexuality. My tongue plowed between those plump sex lips, and my taste buds
thrilled to the delicious flavour of pure young cunt. My heart pounded with
happiness while I savoured those delicious flavours. The girl's little girl
prick was soft, which didn't surprise me, given the state of her mind. I drove
my tongue deeply into her tight pussy pit, and my nose ground against her soft
girl prick insistently. My tongue lashed the velvety walls of her cunt tube with
sensuous delight. The girl began to respond, despite herself. More and more of
her fragrant juices began to flow, and her girl prick slowly swelled and
stiffened.

I was able to glance up the girl's quivering belly, between her magnificent
tits, to her face, and saw that it was now beginning to flush with growing
excitement. I could tell that she was beginning to really enjoy my mouth on her
young pussy despite herself. There was also a tinge of disbelief in her
expression. She just couldn't believe that a male, whom she had been taught to
hate vehemently, could bring her so much pleasure, be so skilled at the art of
cunt sucking. Her thighs were soon quivering once again, but this time through
arousal rather than fear.

After a while the rumblings from the audience again prompted a change in the
girl, and a flicker of fear again crossed her features. She couldn't put it off
any longer. She would have to fuck herself on my stiff hot penis for their
depraved entertainment. With extreme reluctance she raised her crotch from my
face. At least now her sex was drooling with juice, which would help to ease the
entry of my huge hot penis into her tight young cunt pit. She staggered around
to my strapped down crotch, staring wildly at the length of my throbbing penis,
and the fat sap filled testicles standing tight at its thick pulsing base.

The tiny girl tentatively straddled my crotch, facing me. I saw that her
expression had changed from one of sheer terror to one of almost wanton
happiness. She reached down and grasped my thick stem in her tiny fist, and
pulled my hot penis up from where it had arched up along my belly. She then
slowly lowered her spread open crotch down towards the fat head. I could feel
the approaching heat of her sex the closer it got to my penis, and my blood
began to boil with wanton excitement.

Finally the sensitised meat of my penis head met the slimy, hot flesh of her
pussy mouth. I stared at the girl's face while she prepared to impale herself,
noting that it was screwed up with intense concentration, but no longer showed
the terror of a few minutes previously. The audience was almost completely
silent, watching the graphically displayed penetration in progress. The head of
my penis was soon firmly wedged up against the mouth of the little girl's pussy
pit, and the supreme moment had arrived.

The fabulously swollen head of my penis stretched the mouth of the girl's pussy
pit open relentlessly when she began to drop her lovely nudity down. She
whimpered with hurt while the massive penis head slowly began to disappear into
her hot, wet passion pit. I thought that I detected almost a hint of a smile on
her screwed up features when the swollen head of my enormously stimulated penis
finally disappeared into her hot, tight tube. The pleasure was so divine that I
almost came on the spot. The girl's young pussy pit was so tight and hot that it
was almost beyond my capacity to resist it.

The girl pressed her hips down with all the force she could muster, and slowly,
with almost unbearable pleasure to my throbbing penis, inch after inch of that
throbbing pole of male lust disappeared into the furnace of her writhing cunt
tube. She whimpered and whined the whole time, with a mixture of exquisite hurt,
and wondrous ecstasy. This was her first time with a male, and she was torn
between her natural resistance, and an almost irresistible need to experience
it. Finally she had accepted it all, and her chest heaved with effort, her huge
tits shook with passion, and, to my surprise, her face seemed to mirror a proud
sense of achievement, and wanton joy.

The filled girl began to roll her svelte bottom, slowly at first, then with
increasing passion. Her hot, tight cunt tube was beginning to come to terms with
the enormity of its sexual invasion, and her divine pleasure was beginning to
utterly consume her. I lay back and sobbed with the intensity of the pleasure
that her young pussy pit subjected my pulsating penis to. I raised my head and
swallowed a stiff teat into my mouth and sucked on it for all I was worth while
the girl's arse began to rut and pump with ever increasing velocity.

Soon she was plunging her cunt tube up and down on my pleasure soaked pole of
wanton depravity in a display of unreserved lust. It took all of my
concentration to neither come, not lose contact with her flying teats. I sucked
and chewed on the stiff nubs with feral passion. My huge penis throbbed and
pulsed, teetering on the edge of cataclysmic explosion, but somehow I still
waited. The girl was mewling with delight while she plunged up and down. Then
her tight hot pussy exploded in an orgasm of feral intensity. Her shrieks of
ecstasy reverberated around the theatre, and her wildly convulsing cunt tube
seemed to be trying to strangle my throbbing penis.

It was too much for me, my testicles flexed uncontrollably, and my squeals of
ecstasy joined the climaxing girl's, while stream after stream of my boiling
testicle cream flooded her churning cuntal font. We came and came, my own
eruptions only serving to bring the bitch to a fresh, and even more violent
explosion of lust. Her young pussy pit wrung every last drop of juice from my
exploding penis, as through she were the most experienced slut on the face of
the earth. Her face now wore an expression of almost beatific joy, and she
didn't show any signs of slowing her rutting rolling arse slabs. I just lay
there, chest heaving, chewing on her teat and suffered the exquisite pleasure as
best I could.

Finally the bitch's bottom slowed, and her tight, hot cunt tube seemed to lose
some of its elasticity. She was sated, at least temporarily, and she collapsed
onto me, gasping for breath, and squashing her fabulous tits into my chest. The
girl rested for a minute or two, her tongue licking my face like a kitten's. My
huge penis, still as stiff as steel, buried deeply in her mildly spasming cuntal
chasm, wallowed in the aftermath of the ecstatic pleasure she had driven it to.

Eventually the hot little bitch, now completely immersed in her newly discovered
lust, regained her senses, and allowed my length to ooze from her slack cunt
pit. She heaved her body up from my prone nudity and squatted on top of my
crotch, this time facing her audience. I could just imagine the effect that her
change of attitude would be having on the viewers, and especially on the dyke
who probably still believed that she was seeing her bitch being punished, at
least up until that point in time. Things were certainly going to be changing in
that particular relationship.

I stared down my torso at the svelte bottom cheeks of the lovely girl, and my
heart surged with renewed lust when I saw her tiny hands reach down and
literally tear those shapely cheeks wide apart, baring the tight, well muscled
pout of her young arsehole. I could not believe that such a tight little hole
could possibly accept the sheer enormity of my penis. Surely my penis would tear
it apart. I was about to find out, and so was the lust crazed bitch.

The lust crazed girl, as soon as the head of my throbbing penis was wedged
tightly against her anal pout, began to bear down. I watched her lovely, widely
split bottom cheeks twitch and knot with her efforts, and the sheer pressure of
her tight arse pout on the head of my penis squeezed it intensely. The girl's
little whimpers of hurt soon rose in volume to become squeals of pure pain. I
thought that the head of my penis was being crushed as it spread open the girl's
tight little arse pout, millimeter by millimeter.

The sweating squawking girl began to use her hands to grasp my hips in an
attempt to further impale herself on my aching penis. She gasped and panted with
painful hurt while the head of my penis stretched her open, and began to
disappear inside her convulsing arsehole. With what sounded like a shriek of
triumph, as must as pain, the mighty head of my penis finally drove its way past
the horrifically stretched arse ring, and into the tight, hot confines of the
girl's writhing arse tube.

She reacted like a whore in heat, and was soon wildly rolling her shapely little
arse cheeks while she forced her body down. The audience must have been shocked
to near disbelief while they watched as centimeter after centimeter of my
pulsating lust pole oozed into that virginal hole of lust. The violated girl's
squeals were now exclusively those of lust and depravity. The exquisite hurt of
her horrifically impaled arsehole had almost driven her insane with obscene
lust.

As soon as two thirds of my penis had entered her arsehole, and it was literally
impossible for her to accept any more, she began to pump her bottom up and down.
The pleasure that flooded my throbbing penis was too much for me to bear. The
penis felt as if it was caught in a hot vice, and the exquisite sensations that
the girl's pumping arse visited on the excited organ drove it to explode long
before I had intended, and a flood of my cock cream bathed the walls of the
wildly convulsing arse tube in a seemingly never ending series of violent
eruptions.

The sweating girl, as soon as her writhing arse pit felt the force of my
exploding juices, came too, and squealed and shrieked out her utter ecstasy. Her
gorgeous arse cheeks revolved in mad undulations, and her huge tits flew so
wildly on her rolling torso that almost all of their enormous masses were shown
to me from ether side of her heaving back.

Suddenly the girl collapsed, exhausted physically, but not mentally. She was
still utterly crazed by her new found lust, and her arse ring squeezed my
spurting pole of depravity with feral violence, squeezing every last drop of my
spewing cock cream from the rock hard stalk. With a supreme effort, the girl
tore her sated arse from my still erect, and wildly throbbing penis. She
shimmied her nudity back along my tied down body until her face was poised
before the standing pole of my pleasure soaked penis, and she contemplated it
with its sticky coating of my juices, and the secretions of her raped arsehole.

The lust crazed girl crushed her large, swollen tits into my trembling belly,
and grasped the base of my thick, obscenely coated penis, raising its throbbing
head towards her now eager mouth. I almost squealed with pleasure when the
girl's warm, wriggling little tongue washed over the delicate, and enormously
stimulated meat of my penis. She passionately lapped up and down my pulsating
stalk of lust, cleaning it of the sticky juices that covered its length so
thickly, a mixture of my testicle cream, and her arse secretions, and cunt
juice.

I sobbed with pleasure while the girl's eager tongue avidly licked my penis
clean, much to the erotic entertainment of our audience, I'm sure. While she was
so lewdly engaged I found myself staring at the wanton and depraved sight of her
wide spread thighs, the mounds of her well separated bottom cheeks and, of
course, her still obscenely gaping arse, ring literally dripping with my penis
juice, and her swollen cunt, its lips still distended, clitoris stiff and fully
erect, and recently fucked cunt pit still gaping open and dripping with both of
our lust juices.

The girl enveloped the head of my penis, and the first three of four inches of
its rock hard stalk in her hot, wet mouth, and sucked on it like a starving
waif. My penis exploded with pleasure, and I could no longer help myself. I
threw my head forward, and slipped my face into the warm, moist crevasse between
her spread arse slabs, and began to wildly tease the ring of her arsehole with
my ever agile and eager tongue. My taste buds were immediately engulfed with the
luscious flavours of our mixed sexuality.

I slipped my tongue into the girl's hot arse pit and then glued my lips to her
ring. I sucked strongly, and was rewarded with a huge mouthful of my well
seasoned ball cream. I allowed myself the pleasure of savouring the spicy fluid
in the back of my throat before swallowing it down, the sending my agile tongue
deeply into the slack arse tube in a quest for more. I kept this up until I had
completely emptied the girl's raped arse, and her arse ring had once again
shrank back to something like normal, and gripped my wriggling tongue quite
firmly.

Meanwhile, the girl was sucking my penis with such passion that it took every
once of my famed control to prevent it from gushing too quickly, and thereby
depriving the hot little slut of her 'punishment' and supposed 'humiliation'. My
penis throbbed and pulsated with pleasure under the lascivious attentions of the
girl, and my whole nude body shivered with bliss.

I lowered my mouth the inch or so that it took to bring my lips and tongue into
contact with the girl's drooling pussy. Then I began to suck up, and drink down
the mixture of our lust juices with the same eager gusto with which I had
emptied her arsehole. Once her pussy pit and trench had been cleaned I
concentrated my entire tonguing effort on her throbbing little clitoris. Tongue
whipping the tiny stalk with consummate skill until the girl's thighs were
shuddering with ecstasy, and were gripping my face with almost feral intensity.

Just as the girl's climax was beginning to erupt I too, allowed my penis to
explode. The girl shuddered in orgasm at the instant the first powerful spurt of
my creamy penis juice splashed into the back of her throat. I squealed in
ecstasy into the drooling swamp of her cunt while my penis exploded over and
over, filling the girl's wildly gulping throat with its abundance. After the
first two spurts the girl lifted her mouth from my gushing stalk, as much to
allow herself to swallow, as to give the audience as depraved a sight to enjoy
as was possible. In any case, they were treated to the utterly licentious sight
of stream after stream of my penis cream spurting from its spasming tip, and
disappearing into the girl's rapidly swallowing mouth.

She came and came under my flicking tongue, for the entire time that it took to
empty my testicles, and we both shrieked and gurgled out our ecstasy. The girl,
once my penis had ceased to gush, once again enclosed as much of its slowly
softening stalk as she could in her mouth, and used both hands, one to squeeze
my slack testicles, and the other to strop at the length of penis stem that was
not in her mouth, and worked to squeeze every last drop from my spent lust pole.

Jezebel drew the stage curtains closed, to a wild round of applause from the
audience. The girl had transformed before them in the most amazing manner
possible. From terrified supposed lesbian, to uninhibited bisexual wanton in a
couple of hours. The dyke was to miss out altogether, for I learned later that
the Queen of prisoners added the girl to her personal harem the next day,
maintaining that she could not bear not to have such a pair of tits denied her.
In fact, special dresses were designed and made for the girl, allowing her huge
tits to be bare all of the time. The girl, of course, rather than being
embarrassed by having her gorgeous tits bare all the time, was immensely pleased
by this development, for she was also profoundly proud of her huge tits, and
loved to show them off.

I was allowed a full night's sleep, to ensure that I was refreshed for my trip
back to the chateau the next day. I was picked up at dawn by a supply boat. I
was to be used at the female prison only rarely, in the future. Master while
recognising the needs of the females in the prison, was still reluctant to
expose me to heterosexual activity of such intensity too often. Needless to say,
I looked forward to such visits, and enjoyed the change of sexual emphasis
immensely.




Epilogue

Life went on at the chateau, with no major changes to the regime, for year after
year. Whores came and went on a fairly regular basis, as did sluts, although
less frequently. For John and June, the pain slaves, however, nothing really
changed. The vivid imagination of the Master, and his staff, did mean that new,
and more and more bizarre activities were dreamed up to torment the pair, and to
add to their sense of submission.

As the tenth anniversary of June's and John's captivity at the chateau
approached the Master informed them that he was going to replace them with a
new, much younger pair of slaves. The Master, as was his wont with slaves who
had outlived their tenure, proposed to look after the pair, both financially,
and, if at all possible, from the point of view of lifestyle. Now, while John
and June were both approaching thirty years of age, they were by means losing
their natural physical beauty, but, of course, it was inevitable they would,
relatively soon, begin to show signs of their age.

The Master was not surprised when the pair of slaves begged to be sold off, so
that they could remain slaves in every sense of the word. They were not
interested in becoming rich, and living a normal life in their retirement. In
fact, their mature masochism was so deeply ingrained in their psyches, that it
would have proved impossible for them to exist in the normal sense. They would
not have known how to make their own decisions on an every day basis, and would
almost certainly deteriorate, both physically and mentally, rapidly, until they
pined away.

The Master reviewed his options. He could, of course, place them permanently on
the prison islands, faking some serious crime for which they would have been
sentenced to life without parole. But this assumed that he would always win the
contracts to run the establishments, not necessarily a guaranteed outcome. There
were also other reasons, of prison discipline, that mitigated against this
option, so a new solution had to be found.

At first the Master canvassed the wealthier individuals among the chateau's
membership, hoping to find one who might accept John and June on a lifetime
basis. He had a couple who showed interest, but was not satisfied with them as
long term slave owners, who really understood the responsibilities associated
with such ownership. The Master was beginning to despair of ever finding a
suitable solution when the answer to his problem suddenly occurred to him.

Among the many enterprises the Master was involved in, some strictly legal, and
others certainly on the wrong side of the law, was a shady smuggling operation
that he conducted in conjunction with an outlaw motorcycle gang. This was no
ordinary motorcycle gang. It had been in existence almost from the time that
motorcycles had first come into existence. The gang had always funded their
existence through illegal smuggling, and had not been too fussy in choosing what
to smuggle.

In fact, the Master had first become aware of them when their leader was serving
time for trafficking in illicit drugs in his prison facility. The Master spent
considerable time in planning future operations with the leader. He began by
persuading the man to drop drug trafficking altogether, reasoning that this
activity was always going to have his gang in conflict with the law, and that
the cartels would always give up gang members whenever the scene heated up, and
it became necessary to sacrifice some traffickers for publicity purposes.

The gang leader understood the risks involved in trafficking in narcotics, but
had always accepted them because of the lucrative nature of that business. He
was, however, particularly incensed that the drug lords had had the temerity to
actually give him up to the law, rather than a member, or members of less high
profile in the elicit trade. It was easy for the Master to convince the gang
leader that less high profile contraband, such as diamonds, gold, and other such
merchandise, was much easier to move over borders, and was equally as lucrative
as drugs in the long run.

Having convinced the man that he and his gang should work exclusively for him,
the Master set about ensuring their complete loyalty, and that they would follow
his orders implicitly. The first of these objectives was actually relatively
simply achieved. The gang leader had been sentenced to fifteen years, so the
Master would have to find some means of getting him released. He came upon a
plan to do this, with his normal imaginative initiative.

He knew that the gang leader thirsted for revenge on the drug Lord who had
betrayed him. The Master also knew that the drug enforcement agency was
completely corrupt. He knew that other law enforcement agencies were sick of
both the profile of the drug cops, and their seemingly untouchable corruption.
The Master conceived a plan where the gang leader would roll over on the
cartel's leadership, in return for immunity, and immediate release. However, he
would not go to the drug agency, he would deal through police intelligence
instead, known bitter enemies of the drug cops.

The plan was immediately put into effect, and with spectacular results. It
resulted in the most famous drug trials in the country's history, including
heralding a clean out of drug law enforcement corruption. It also meant, of
course, that the leader of the motorcycle gang became organised crime's most
sought after target. There were many attempts on his life, none of which were
successful. In fact these attempts resulted in many more crime figures being
imprisoned, until even the crime bosses decided to cut their losses, and ceased
to pursue the gang.

Membership of the gang had always hovered around one hundred and fifty, to two
hundred in number. It was an exclusive club, and choose its adherents carefully.
It didn't discriminate between the sexes, or their sexual orientation either,
which was unusual for such organisations. As with most gangs of this type,
however, its members tended to be dominant in nature, and in this particular
gang this tendency was actually extraordinarily accentuated, to the extent that
it was a cultural way of life.

Over the years the gang generally kept on the move, and used sex slaves where
ever they could find them. They had never owned their own slaves, largely
because they were never in one place for long enough, and they had no permanent
base. One thing the drug trade had given them, however, was the money to remedy
this situation, and they had brought a large tract of country high up in the
mountains. This place was so remote, and unlikely, that even the crime
syndicates, when they were still pursuing the leader, had never discovered its
location. This new, and permanent refuge gave the gang the opportunity to have
some permanency, so they could now afford to keep permanent sexual slaves to
cater to their bizarre tastes.

Also, of course, this solution would allow John and June to be kept together.
The deal was sealed, and the masochistic duo were taken to the mountain
hideaway, to begin a new period of sexual slavery. They were kept naked for the
rest of their lives, used sexually by the gang constantly, and were the
recipients of savage punishment and relentless discipline. It was certainly a
comfortable way for two such consummate masochists to spend their twilight
years.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hawker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





