BDSM Library - The First Time




The First Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story of a new romantic D/s relationship.
The First Time

Riding on the plane I read and reread the letter from him, it contained his
instructions, the edges were becoming so dog-eared and worn the paper itself was
becoming so thin and it had taken on that softness paper does from over
usage...I carefully folded it again to insert back into the envelope where I
knew I would pull it from to reread before the plane landed.

I looked nervously at my watch, the note said half way through the trip I was to
go to the ladies room and change into the panties he had sent. When I last
talked to him before leaving for the airport I asked one last time if he just
didn't want me to put them on before the flight. He answered slowly and with a
tone that said this was the last word on the subject, no, to follow the
instructions he had enclosed with his little gift.

His little gift, they were quite little at that. I remember opening the package
to find the small cream colored satin thong inside, I looked at them a little
bemused and yet I felt this thrill of wearing something so seductive and skimpy,
I still blushed at the thought of getting up and going into the ladies room
aboard a plane and changing into something that I knew he would peel from me
later.

I looked at my watch again, it was time, I had calculated the time from the
schedule I had been given to the estimated time of arrival from the departure
time. Now that time was upon me, I could feel the heat rise up in my face as I
slowly rose from my seat. I slipped my hand inside my pocket as I had over and
over throughout the flight and felt the warm satiny material still there. I
avoided making eye contact with anyone and made my way to the ladies room.

Once inside I felt as I always have in a bathroom aboard a plane, they had
always made me feel a little claustrophobic; changing in one was going to be a
challenge.  I turned the knob to indicate the room was occupied and pulled the
thong from the pocket of my matching suit jacket. I raised my skirt as best I
could but still I slightly bumped my elbow on the wall. I closed my eyes and
told myself to remain calm that no one could possibly figure out that I was in
here changing my underwear, and even if they did, what of it?

After several tries at slipping the ones I had been wearing off and banging my
knees, elbows and forehead I decided to try sitting on the toilet and just do it
from that position. Little did I know that my first original concern about the
banging inside the small tight cramped quarters of the restroom was about to hit
me full force with a knock at the door.
"Occupied!" I called out.

"Ma'am?" I heard a female voice inquire. "Are you okay?" It was the airline
attendant who had overheard my fumbling attempts and banging around. I closed my
eyes and steadied my voice so as not to show any hint of embarrassment, "Yes,
I'm just fine, thank you." I slipped my feet into the legs of the thong and
stood up to pull them into place. With a sigh of relief I let my skirt fall back
down over the satiny feel of them and sighed again at the soft luscious feel now
nestled between my legs.

I took a deep breath and looked in the mirror, smoothed my hair and applied
fresh lipstick. Finally I felt enough time had passed for the flight attendant
to have moved on so, one last deep breath to settle the last of the butterflies
and I opened the door to return to my seat.

As soon as I opened the door there stood the young pretty flight attendant she
was smiling sweetly and held in her hand a sealed envelope. I looked at her
confused and wondered what it was she was handing me. She chuckled softly, which
had an almost warm seductive hum to it. "This note is for you Miss, 'He' (was
that a slight wink?) asked me to give it to you once you came out of the
restroom. I apologize for asking but I was instructed to ask you before giving
this to you if your little task has been performed." I felt my cheeks flame with
heat and words failed me. I smiled and looked away, slightly embarrassed and
held out my hand and gratefully took the envelope from her hand and returned to
my seat.

Once I was reseated I looked around to see if anyone would accidentally be able
to read over my shoulder and then I unfolded and began to read;

My treasured elegance,

Relax and breathe. By reading this you have done, as I wanted, good girl! I am
very proud of you. Now sit back, relax and breathe for me Baby.

So my treasured elegance, what did you think of my little friend? Isn't she
lovely? She is a Domme friend of mine and maybe if you're a good girl this
weekend I may introduce you under better circumstances. Would you like that My
angel?

Think about it sweetheart...a nice new Domme friend to come over and play with
us....play with you as I watch or maybe even join in with... Letting you feel
two floggers at once from two totally opposite directions. A tongue and small
slender delicate fingers probing that wet hot pussy of yours while I thrust my
cock nice and deep into your open mouth and down your throat. Would My little
whore like that?

(I shivered as I read his note, his words that were setting in motion a fire
that burnt like the fires of hell, and I felt that tingle in the pit of my
stomach begin. The fresh thong I had fought so furiously with to get on just
minutes before was rapidly becoming damp.)

Mmmmm, yes My sweet little whore, I think I would very much like to see my hand
holding the back of your head while you please my little Domme friend. Watching
you as your little tongue darts across her throbbing clit, your fingers moving
in and out making her sing that song of great seduction as she cums, spilling
her juices over your lips and lapping them up with your tongue. And my sweet,
don't fret, because just as she graces you with that sweet taste of hers I am
going to grab your waist and pull you up and fuck into you so nice and hard and
deep and then the two of you may serenade Me with a precious chorus of ecstasy. 
By the way, her name is Eve, but when you rise up once the plane has landed you
may lean close to her ear and say, "Thank you Mistress, for delivering my
Master's note to me." And then my little treasure you may also thank her for
that nice wet pussy that lays nestled under that buttery colored thong that is
going to bring me much pleasure later on.

Now in the mean time precious, I want you to watch my little friend for the rest
of your trip. Watch how seductively she moves, how delicate and long her fingers
are. How she moves with such grace, and then little one, look into her eyes, and
see that sadistic fire that burns in them. Watch her every move and see the
hidden meaning that is meant for only two eyes to see, she knows you will be
watching, now be a good girl and enjoy the flight....oh, and little one, no
matter how hot she turns you on and how badly you feel the need to play you will
be very lady like and behave. You will not allow anyone else aboard to see you
slip that tiny little hand of yours up under your skirt and play with that
little tight whore hole of yours. You will cum for me and not make a sound to
draw any attention to yourself. Because my sweet, when you disembark from that
plane I want that thong soaked so I may rip them from your body later and place
them between those burning lips and gag those sweet screams I will be giving you
with my every touch.

As always,
your loving Master

My hands trembled from his words and from the mixed emotions his instructions
caused. He knows how private I am and how shy, but he also knows I will without
a doubt obey his every instruction right to the letter. The thrill of knowing I
am pleasing him is all I ever need to fulfill each and every command and wish he
has.

I looked up after folding the note and replacing it back into the envelope, I
could see Mistress Eve in the aisle with the cart and she could see me.  I
watched as she smiled as she handed a man a glass and slid her hand seductively
down the sides. With each move she made she sent her silent message that made me
squirm as the wetness between my legs grew. I looked around several times to
make sure I wasn't being observed; I was nervous and unsure of myself. How could
my Master have asked this of me?

There was a man in the seat next to me, I thought this is going to be impossible
for me to do without being noticed and Master did not want me noticed, I toyed
with the idea of not fulfilling his request and face the consequences later but
Mistress Eve's eyes were as he had stated, they burnt with such a sadistic fire
that I could not ignore the erotic stirrings happening within my body.

As she neared my seat she smiled as she bent down, her low cut uniform provided
me with the perfect view of her round perfect breasts. I could smell the sweet
but spicy perfume she wore mixed with the scent of myself that was hinting to
fill the air.

"You look a little tired Miss, would you care for a blanket to rest a while?"
she asked. I closed my eyes and nodded my head yes, and silently gave praise of
gratefulness to her for providing me with a discreet solution to my impending
predicament. She unfolded the blue blanket and was helping to spread it over me
as she leaned closer she whispered in my ear. "Make it count, don't disappoint
him." I shivered as I pulled the blanket tighter around me.

Across the aisle and one row of seats forward from where I sat, she stopped and
had her back to me. She dropped something and bent over to retrieve it. When she
did I could see the top edge of her stockings and the small little fasteners of
a garter, so cliched but one that works in the right moment. I sighed as my eyes
slowly trailed up her legs, she looked back and I caught her watching me
watching her. She smiled again as she stood and handed the woman whatever it had
been that she had dropped. The woman asked her a question, which I could not
hear, but it must have been a request for an item in the bottom of the cart as
Mistress Eve once again bent over. This time though, she had parted her legs
just a bit and I got a small fleeting glimpse of a totally bare pussy.

God, she was beautiful, and the thoughts that went flooding into my mind, from
his descriptions in his note mixed with the newly required visual it was all it
took. My hand slowly and carefully pulled the skirt up under the blanket so I
could play as instructed.

My fingertips against the soft fleshy parts of my leg tingled as they softly and
slowly slid upward. I felt the warm buttery colored thong under my touch; they
felt so damp already. I had my eyes closed and opened them to see Mistress Eve
watching intently, I could see the napkin in her hand and how she wrapped it
around one finger and pulled it tight, I got the hidden meaning. I slowly slid
my fingers under the thong to grip them and pulled slowly so as not to show
movement under the blanket. I pulled tighter and tighter until I could feel my
clit throb thru the soft material. I closed my eyes again and took a deep breath
and let out a sigh that for anyone noticing it would seem that it was one of
those sighs to help produce relaxation. When I opened my eyes again, Mistress
Eve was smiling, her instruction had been delivered and received not to mention
carried out. Over and over she released the napkin only to pull it tight again,
I repeated each move and the dampness grew.

Finally I watched as she laid the napkin aside, and her hands went around the
handle of the cart, she extended two fingers downward and laid them against the
side of the cart. Slowly she moved those two fingers stroking the cold steel. My
fingers stroked with a matched rhythm, up and down my wet slit, concealed under
that thong and the blanket covering me.

I fought to keep my breathing under control, it only served to heighten the
experience, the fear of being seen or caught in the act was a thrill I had never
known to this extent before. I know myself fairly well and I knew that if anyone
looked closely enough they would be able to see the smoldering look my eyes were
exhibiting.  She was smiling again as she recognized that flame.

I was riveted to her fingers, stroking back and forth so slow and methodical.
Then she raised just one finger as if to flick it across a throbbing clit. I
followed her silent message and felt that tingle that pulled deeply from inside
of my body; I would cum fast and hard, if this movement continued.

Just as I started to feel that rise and pull of an orgasm, she stopped the
movement of that one single digit. I almost moaned aloud in disappointment. Her
smile became broader, she knew exactly what she was doing to me and yes, that
sadistic flame was burning in her eyes, she loves doing this, and you can tell
it.

She held that one finger poised and I waited, I knew that my Master had given
her instructions and that I must obey them, that's what this little exercise in
futility was all about, pleasing him and obeying his loving instructions.

Minutes clicked by and she hadn't moved that finger, the impending orgasm had
subsided but still was right there to recapture. I waited and waited for that
finger to just move. Finally she began to flick the finger back and forth again.
It was building again and this time so fast it nearly took my breath away. The
anticipation of waiting had produced the desired effect, and she knew it did,
because just before I could allow that warm sweet release to wash over me she
picked up the napkin and tugged hard and smiled the most brilliant smile I have
ever seen. She nodded her head and I knew it was what I had been waiting for,
permission to let go.

I could feel the veins and muscles strain as I tried to remain silent and still.
I closed my eyes and held my breath, making the orgasm more intense, I felt the
thong flood with my juices as I came several times. I silently smiled as I began
to drift off for the remainder of the flight, thinking with happiness and that
feeling of completeness, my Master would be so pleased.

I must have drifted off to sleep, because the next thing I knew we were
preparing to land. Once the plane taxied the runway and I arose to leave and
finally meet my Master face to face, I leaned in close to Mistress Eve's ear and
thanked her for delivering the note to me and with a heated blush in my cheeks I
quietly and quickly thanked her for the help in carrying out his instructions.

Once I was off the plane I could see him standing waiting for me. Just a few
more steps and I would at long last be in his arms. I had envisioned this moment
so many times, now I just wanted to pause and look at him. Just, look. My mind
was racing, so many thoughts and emotions whirling around so rapidly. I tried to
free my mind, to think clearly about how this time wasn't going to be like any
other relationship I have had. My relationship with him was going to be
different. Am I ready? Can I truly please him? I have put up so many boundaries
to protect myself, all self defense mechanisms. Can I really let them go and
trust again?

I can barely remember the last person, who made it near the very core of me,
maybe it has never happened, but they had been able to get so close, however,
they didn't reach that precious core, I had pulled away and hid within the
safety of those self defense mechanisms I had built so sturdily. How do I know I
can let him step inside now? I am a survivor, and I need and want to trust this
man called my Master. There have been so many times I have felt that the world
would come crashing down around me but I did whatever was necessary to survive
and move on. Since he came into my life, he took all that away and made me feel
so loved and wanted and safe. I closed my eyes and said a silent prayer, "Please
God, please, let me trust, let me love him with everything I am. Please, let me
let down this wall."

I stood there and opened my eyes after my silent plea to a higher being, I
looked upon this man that I was placing my very life in his hands. That smile of
his, his eyes and the strong but gentle control I know he holds, how could I
have doubted anything? Of all the people in my life he has been the one that can
see right thru me. He has been the only one who has been able to come near to
penetrating these walls of mine, and now, now is my chance to let the remaining
ones tumble under his capable direction. I stepped forward, I was moving towards
my future, towards the one person whom I wanted more than anything to be able to
give over total control, in perfect trust and in perfect love.

My eyes never left his as I walked towards the one that could see thru me, yes,
he knows, he sees knows how nervous I am and scared, he knows I am drawing
strength from him to take each tender step, he doesn't take his eyes from mine.
He smiled, and my heart melted, I no longer could control the steady pace, I
need to be in his arms, I needed that and him more than anything in my life. A
few more steps and I would be his at last, I stopped and paused, his smile
widened, his arms spread out and I ran the rest of the way. His arms came around
me, surrounding me like a warm blanket and swung me off my feet, that long
awaited kiss so full of passion and hope.

After the longest and deepest kiss of my young life ended I was breathless as he
sat me back down on my feet. Those eyes again were drawing me in and the look on
his face told me that he knew the power he held over me. Putting his arm around
me he said, "Come on, let's get my girl's baggage and get out of this crowd and
alone."  We retrieved my luggage from the baggage carousal and headed for the
parking lot.

All the way to his house he held my hand in the car, we talked about the flight,
him asking how it went and me telling him smoothly, no turbulence. Silence hung
in the air for what seemed to be an eternity before he broke it and asked if I
had done as instructed. "Were you my good girl, and do as you were told?"  I
felt the heat rise in my cheeks and I looked away, but my attention was snapped
back with his tone. "Do not look away from me, splendid, now answer me. Did you
do as I instructed?" Yes, Sir...I did as you instructed." I answered in an
almost inaudible whisper. "Well, then just let me check this out." He said as we
pulled into his driveway.

He put the car in park and before even turning the engine off he turned in his
seat and grabbed my left leg, "Open for me, my treasure." I opened my legs and
he slid his hand up my leg slow. By the time he reached the damp material he
chuckled and told me to breathe, I didn't realize that I was holding my breath
before he reminded me. I gasped as his hand suddenly went under the edge of the
wet crotch and his fingers felt for the wetness that now poured forth again.

His fingers slid in so easy after the afternoon of watching Mistress Eve and now
this little tease of his. I could feel myself tighten around his fingers as they
moved and wiggled playing roughly with my g-spot. Within seconds I wanted and
needed to cum for him again. I bite my lip and held my breath, not sure what was
expected of me. Normally over the phone and online I would beg and plead to cum,
but this time it was face to face, I have never said those words to anyone
before face to face. "Yes, Little one? Is there something you want to ask?" I
was straining from the internal battle I was fighting, I needed to cum and I
would without permission if I didn't open up and plead as I have many times
hiding from within the secrecy of distance, another wall about to tumble down.

I was so embarrassed but I needed his permission, with tears stinging my eyes, I
began to plead.... "Please....ohhhhhhhh god please, Sir. Permission please, I
need to cum!" I gasped out between ragged breaths and tears falling over my
cheeks. "Please....Sir....Please!" "Yes, my angel CUM for me, CUM for me now!"
He answered back as his fingers were thrusting faster and harder, my body bent
over and I cried into the sleeve covering his arm. I felt the explosive orgasm
tear thru my body harder than I have ever felt in my life before.

He slowly removed his fingers and with his other hand lifted my chin up, "Let me
see those gorgeous eyes my little one, let me see that fire that burns there
now." My breathing steadied and the sobs subsided as I stared into those eyes
that I knew would be the constant in my life from this day forward, those eyes
that could see into my very soul and held all the love I have ever craved.

He leaned over and kissed me deeply with his fingers still cupping my chin. When
he sat back his smile was beaming as he held the two fingers he had used to make
me cum right at my mouth. "Open up my love and taste what I will in just a
little while, that is, after you have settled down and (God that gleam in his
eyes) settled in." I opened my mouth and sucked the juices still glistening on
his fingers. Once again I was melting away, I could feel the years of
unhappiness and broken relationships become a distant memory.

My new Master helped me from his car and we went inside. He took my bags and
placed them on his bed, he turned, smiled, and said "Our bed." I was never more
happier or contented as I was at that moment with that two word sentence. Our
bed...He left the room so I could unpack and put things away, I closed my eyes
and said another silent prayer, thanking the powers that be for bringing me
safely to my new home and my new life. It didn't take long to put the few things
away, I knew the movers would bring the rest of my things here and I would have
plenty of work then.

Once I was through placing clothing on hangers and folding the rest to put away
in the drawers he had cleared for me I rejoined him in the living room.  He
patted the cushion next to him for me to sit down. He pulled me close and kissed
me softly. "Welcome home, my treasure." He said softly as he breathed against my
neck. "I have waited for this day for a long time." So had I, and I was already
feeling like I was floating on a dream.  If it is a dream, shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,
nobody wake me up please.

After several minutes of this blissful silence, the kind of quiet two people
share, one of those no need for words moments, he finally spoke again,
"Splendid, I have made plans for dinner tonight, I want to take my girl out and
show her off because I am so happy to finally have you here. I know you will
want to shower after your trip and I have selected for you what I wish you to
wear. Consider it a welcome home gift. You'll find everything I have chosen for
you laid out and or hanging up in the bathroom just off of our bedroom." Our
bedroom....I smiled again at the words, how can anyone be any happier than I am
at this very minute? I thought to myself. He raised my hand and gently kissed
it, before sending me off to find what he had spoken of.

I walked down the hall towards our room; I entered the bathroom and was looking
at the sheer elegance he had chosen just for me. A simple black sleeveless
evening dress, one that would hug each curve of my body, a black lace matching
bra, panty and garter set, black stockings and a simple pair of black heels.
Simplistic and elegant was to be the dress code tonight; I smiled at his
choices, everything was the right size, and he had chosen so well. I looked up
to see him standing in the doorway, he walked in and stood behind me, we looked
into the mirror at ourselves. He put his arms around me and as I looked down he
held a box, he opened it and inside curled around to form the perfect circle lay
a strand of simple pearls with matching earrings. I turned to face him, to kiss
him, to show him that at this very moment I was in love and speechless.

I heard the lid to the jewel case close and he laid it on the counter, he drew
up into his arms for a warm and passionate kiss. He held me there in his arms
for several minutes. When he looked down into my upturned face I watched the
mischievous grin return that I had seen in the car. Before I could even
formulate my thoughts into words he spun me around to face the mirror again. I
felt his hand on my leg just at the bottom of the hem on the skirt I was
wearing. The thong that still lay nestled between my legs, damp from the trip
and the ride home.  He bent me over the counter as I felt his body pressed
against me and his hand moved up to find that dampness. He whispered against the
back of my neck, "Let's just go ahead, establish the proper roles here, and do
away with the anticipation of later." My skirt was pulled up and I felt a hard
tug at the side of my buttery soft thong. I heard it rip and felt the give and
then the cool air against my own wetness. He brought the ripped material up, I
heard him inhale deeply, and the low moan of a man lost in his lust. "Open!" He
ordered as he held them close to my face.  I opened my mouth and in an instant I
could taste the evidence of the recent play that had spilled forth and collected
in the thong he had me to wear today. "Spread!" He ordered again as his foot
nudged mine. I was now bent over, gagged with my own wet panties and my legs
were spread ready to be taken and made a whore for his pleasure----and mine.

I felt fingers stroking me, drawing out the wetness and coating the slit for him
to fuck. I heard his zipper and the rustle of him letting his pants fall to the
floor. I had not a moment of waiting; with one hard thrust he was deep inside of
me, moving effortlessly in and out of my dripping pussy.

He was taking me hard and fast, my breathing was ragged with my mouth stuffed
with my panties, my pussy gripped and squeezed him tight, and his moans low and
deep like an animal ravaging its mate. Another dam bursting inside of me, I was
cumming and my body milked him, I felt the warm flow of cum pouring from his
body into mine. Our roles established, he was Master, and I was forever found,
never to be lost and wandering through life alone again.

My knees weakened and finally buckled, but his strong hands would never allow me
to fall. He picked me up and sat down on the side of the wide platform of the
garden tub, in his lap, cradled in the arms of love, I felt safe as I laid my
head on his shoulder. He pulled the panties from my mouth and kissed me.

I loved being in his arms, held so closely and gently. I didn't want that moment
to end, but I felt him moving, leaning over to flip the stopper on the tub, he
turned the knobs of the facet, reaching under the flow of water to test the
temperature, I heard it collecting in the tub. His arms around me once more as
the tub filled and I smelled the soft scent of Lilies of the valley fill the
air.  Once the tub was full, he stood me up and undressed me, kissing me
everywhere. He picked me up again and cradled me in his arms, one more kiss
before he gently placed me the warm bath. I felt like a princess, I looked at
him as my prince, tenderly caring and loving me like no other has before. What a
romantic he is I thought as I felt the warm water being squeezed from the
washcloth, he was bathing me; it was such a sweet and innocent like gesture, but
it was making me feel aroused and almost sinful as the water tickled over my
hardened nipples.

He stood up almost suddenly as if a thought had popped into his mind. He
undressed and joined me; sitting behind me I leaned back against him. He picked
up the bottle of body wash and I watched with a growing anticipation as it
slowly flowed from the bottle and over a breast. Sitting the bottle back his
hands returned to the soap covered breast and began to play in it, circling the
nipple with his fingers, feeling it spring to life under his touch. His soft
warm gentle kisses along my shoulders and neck. I was in heaven, yes, I have
died and now I am in heaven I thought.

That afternoon, I had been given so much, I had been given the chance to submit
to him even before I arrived, and since then he had established the roles so
artfully, he was and is Master of my heart, my soul, my mind and me. The bath
was luxurious, he lavished his attention on every part of my body, sweet,
tender, and gentle, he slowly explored the body he now owns, I belong to him and
only him, he brought out the need in me to be his, to be owned and possessed by
him. I wanted to feel his hands again part those lips and find my clit, but I
remembered the lesson from the plane, the one I had not realized until now, it
was not about what I wanted, it was about what he wanted for me.  I lay
contented in his arms, and contented with his desires, for they have become
mine.

After our bath, he carefully and lovingly dried me, dressed me and once I
finished carefully applying my makeup he encircled my neck with the pearls. He
smiled as he looked at the small round beads that took nature in its infinite
wisdom to make into such a beautiful adornment, he said with a smile, "Only one
of the things that will surround your lovely neck tonight my splendid treasure."
My heart skipped; a small moan of pleasure as I thought of the collar that
awaited for later.

Dinner was lovely and a very nice and elegant restaurant, the meal was prepared
perfectly; he had ordered it when he made the reservations, all we had to do was
show up and eat. Everything had been thought of, not a thing had been missed to
make this a special, romantic and relaxing evening. The drive home was nice,
nothing about this day was to be rushed or hurried. We talked softly and we were
both happy and so contented to just be in the other's company. Home again, the
house was quiet and warm, the lights he had left on was casting a soft amber
light, he drew me close and kissed me. In silence he took me by the hand and
lead me to our room.

We stood in the room at the end of the bed, his hand came up and stroked my
cheek, and his eyes filled with love were so soft as he spoke, "My little
treasure, today was special, but now  we go that extra step. Tonight I take you
as mine; the ties that will bind you to me will always be there, even when they
are not physically there. You let your guard down with me a long time ago and
let me in. You have always tried to get through your life by not letting people
close to you, never inside, never really close, never allowing anyone to truly
know the person that lives inside of you... But you have granted me that honor
time and again. You have trusted me like no other before in your young life; you
have told me so many things, important things about yourself, even when you were
silent you spoke, your soul spoke to mine, you have totally opened yourself to
me many times...only I have seen you opened and vulnerable, and from here on
out, I will be the only one to see that deeply into you. Only I am permitted to
see the deep feelings you have inside, those feelings and the deepest part of
you that you have hid from all others...Those feelings are safe with me, you are
safe with me, and you are loved and cherished beyond measure. Only I know how
easily hurt you can be, only I know how you fight that hurt you have felt in
your life with a flippant and nonchalant attitude, only I KNOW the truth. I know
how you have built and used walls to drive all others away; you even attempted
it with me early on. The only problem with what you tried so unsuccessfully to
do was that I knew and still know what is truly in your heart. The deepest and
most loving submissive parts you have refused to acknowledge for so very long."

I stared at this man that was about to take me and make me his forever. His
words were strong and came out with such force, such control. My mind was racing
and my breathing became faster and slightly labored, how could anyone know me
like he does? The momentary fear that had begun to well up inside me was fading
away, yes, he does, he knows me, he knows my very soul, and only he possesses
the key that can unlock it. My breathing evened out, I felt that glow return to
my cheeks, my heart was now pounding for new reasons, the excitement was part of
it, yes, but it was because I felt that deep connection I have denied myself to
feel for such a long time, I was feeling that sweet sense of belonging.

I blushed when I realized I was staring, I wondered if the moment of fear had
shown in my face, I was instantly ashamed that I had even felt it, even though
it had been fleeting and gone before I had reacted to it as I have before in my
life. I looked away and down, the shame of possibly hurting this man was
something I didn't want him to see. His reaction was fast; his hand lifted my
chin, turning my face upward so he could see into my eyes. "When I am talking my
little treasure, I want those soft eyes looking at me and only me." I looked
into his, I could see and feel how they burnt with passion and love, with
strength, power and wisdom. A hint of a smile played at the corners of his
mouth, "And when I speak my little treasure, I expect to be acknowledged. Is
that understood?"  I was breathless again, I nodded and whispered a hushed,
"Yes, Sir, it is clearly understood."

The strength in his eyes made me feel both safe and scared. I felt that fear
welling up inside me again from that dark recess that I try so hard to protect
at times. Why was I doing this? Didn't I know I could trust this man? Yes, yes,
of course I knew I could. I took a deep breath to help calm myself and listen as
he continued to speak.

"Tonight splendid, you will have to trust me like you have never trusted anyone
in your life. Tonight you are going to place your life in these hands. (he held
out his hands for me to see.) These, hands that can take you to many places and
set you free from the bonds of fear that have controlled you your entire life.
You are going to place total control into these hands, and my little treasure as
hard as it is to say, I must. If you think at any time you cannot, then you will
be free to leave. You will be able to go at any time you feel you cannot do
this, all you have to do is say the word, and I will set you free and I will
release you. But understand one thing here my love, if that happens it is
forever. There is no turning back from there." His words were hard, but I knew
they needed to be said, suddenly the fear of trusting was no longer the issue
for me, but the fear of how final his warning sounded, was. There was a wall of
silence as his words sunk into the core of me, his eyes never left mine, I knew
what he was saying had to be, he was right, it was now the time to decide. "Do
you want to go on, splendid? Can you handle finally meeting the true you that
lives inside? Are you prepared for me to unlock the doors and tear down those
walls you long ago erected to hide behind?" The thought of turning and running
was only a fleeting one; because I knew in my heart I could never turn from this
man that could see me for who I really am. I took a tender step forward; it felt
like a baby undoing that first precious and cautious step, it was an unguarded
freeing step into my new life and into his arms.

To be cont...

Liana




The First Time The Conclusion

I took that first unguarded step of my new life, no holds barred, no turning
back, he stood only 4 small steps away, the wall crumbling and falling with each
freeing step. I reached him and stepped into his arms. I looked up into his
eyes, "Please my sweet Master." I slid down his body and knelt before him, my
eyes still locked to his, spilled a single tear over a cheek, "I humbly kneel
before you and offer you my life, my soul, my heart, my submission."

I lowered my head waiting in silence for his response. I felt his hand stroke my
hair, and he lowered himself to lift me up into his arms. He held me close and I
buried my face against his chest. He lifted my face up and kissed me long and
deep. His arms went around me, his hands caressing my back, one slid upward and
into my hair. I felt the sweet tug as he pulled my head back. His other hand
stroked my cheek, my breathing was suspended as I held it and shivered. "Relax."
He whispered. "Relax." His voice was soft and slow as he spoke the simple word
to put me at ease.

"Splendid, my little treasure, the time has come for you to look deep inside, to
see the real you that you are, it is time for you to understand yourself and get
to know who you are. It is time for you to understand the choice you have just
made."

His hand left my hair and pulled the zipper down on the back of my dress. He
turned me around and peeled it from my trembling body. I stood before him now in
the black lacy lingerie he had so carefully picked out and bought for me. I
shivered, more from anticipation than from any chill. I was told to stand there
and not to move. I watched as he moved away from me and walked to the fireplace
and lit the logs inside. Soon the room would take on the hazy glow of amber
flames. I stood patiently, watching him move, waiting for him to return to me,
wondering what the night ahead held.

I watched almost mesmerized as he laid a thick down filled comforter and a large
array of fluffy pillows not far from the glow burning in the fireplace. I
remained standing as I had been told and watched my Master move towards a
cabinet, I held my breath, knowing the contents that were held within. He swung
open the double doors to reveal the toys and tools of erotic rapture and sensual
torture. My knees felt weak, my fear held at bay, but my excitement soared.

His hand reached in and selected a long, full, lush flogger. I shivered as I
heard the order to strip. The order had came out quickly and stern, I knew that
if I hesitated that I would feel the ends of that flogger sting instead of dance
a seductive dance over my skin. I reached my hands behind me to undo the
fasteners of the bra that had been holding my breasts as if they were on a
perch. Suddenly I felt more than naked before his watchful eye.

That first sting was a shock to my body. I had placed my hands over my breasts
protectively and lowered my eyes, I had broken his first order of the night, and
I had taken my eyes from his.

"Don't look away again my dear." was all he had to say. "I raised my eyes back
to his, my bottom lip trembled as I gasped almost silently an apology.

It took every ounce of strength I had to lower my hands from my breasts; my
nipples stood proud and erect making my arousal known. The hint of a smile
teased his sensual mouth. "Continue." was all he had to say.

I unfastened each of the garters and then the belt. I laid the belt and bra on
the edge of the bed. Standing now in just the stockings, shoes and panties, I
looked at him and asked, "May I please sit down to remove the stockings and
shoes Sir?" A slow nod of his head showed me I had his permission.

I sat on the edge of the bed and slowly removed the shoes and then ran my
fingers up and over my legs to remove the stockings, carefully so as not to snag
and slowly like he once described as being one of his favorite things to watch.
I remember how he told me how seductive he thought a woman looks as she sits
putting on or removing her stockings and she runs her fingertips smoothly over
her skin. I wanted so to please him, so I sat and played out what he had once
described in such vivid detail. When I finished I stood and was rewarded with
his soft smile of approval, it warms me through to know that such a simple
gesture can mean so much to him.

Standing before him, vulnerable and open, the faint lingering sting still felt
from his flogger. With his eyes moving over my body I suddenly felt more than
naked, I tried to fight the impulse that rose again to move my hands to hide
myself from view. Minutes seemed to slow down and I felt the heat rising up to
color my cheeks, I lowered my eyes.

The sharp crack and spreading sting of the flogger reminded me again that I was
not to look away from his gaze. I raised my eyes back up to meet his. I took a
deep staggered breath and let it out slow, the sudden tingle I felt deep from
the depths of my soul, the wetness between my legs appeared fast, the heat from
the sting spread out, I was rapidly approaching that weak kneed feeling, soon I
would crumple to the floor. Silent pleas filled my head, "Please, Master,
please.... don't make me stand here like this."

My mind raced with thoughts of scenes he had shared with me over the months of
talking and chatting long distance, any one act could not even match the
intensity of his stare or the difficulty in standing before him, locked in his
gaze and this awaiting silence. Nothing else could ever match how hard that
moment was.

The silence was deafening and made my ears ring with the thunderous roar my
racing heart caused. The warmth of the room took my breath, I began to tremble
as I felt walls tumbling, it was like he willed them down with just his stare.
My knees finally wobbled and I began to buckle as every emotion known to man
rushed thru my body.

"Good," His voice finally breaking the thick silence in the room. All sound
seemed to return, the crackling of the fire, my breathing, his, the muffled
sounds from outside. He began to walk towards me, he moved so smoothly, almost
like the fluid movements of an elegant dancer.... mmmmmmmmmm, yes, a dancer who
created my dreams. He wore a black shirt and black pants, the soft warm glow
from the fire made shadows dance around him, his face highlighted in the dim
light made him look almost angelic, like a gift from the heavens.

I no longer held the desire to look away, nor the will. My eyes locked to his as
he moved closer. My body started responding anew, my nipples hardening even
more, the moist flow seeping from my body, the scent filling the air, drifting
upward, I could smell my own arousal, the soft smile on his face told me he knew
my every thought.

As he stepped close, close enough that I could feel the heat from his body, his
hands slowly lifted up and lightly rested against my back, gently cupping my
shoulder blades. I shivered as the tips of his fingernails lightly glided
downward to the small of my back. He leaned in as I tilted my face upward, our
heads slowly turned, both of us closed our eyes slowly, and then with a duel
soft sigh our lips parted and touched. The kiss of a lifetime, a kiss that holds
all hopes, all dreams, and even your very soul, it was the kiss of life.

Memories of our chats and talks flooded my mind as his hands tightened each
round orb of my behind. He let go and moved the feathery light touch back up my
spine, I shuddered again as I felt them tickle my neck. Our lips parted but I
didn't open my eyes, lost in the seductive feeling of his fingertips and the
lingering warmth of his mouth.

I felt him pull away, and I suddenly remembered that I had closed my eyes; I
opened them to see his gaze so close and still filled with that intensity they
held before. I knew what he was thinking, I started to try to apologize, but he
softly laid his finger against my lips, "Shhhhhhhhh . . . just this time My
treasure, but the next time...next time there will be punishment." I looked deep
into his eyes and knew he meant just what he said.

Once again I shivered as his fingertips moved to my neck again, trailing them
along the curve, his thumb extended on his left hand to brush along my jaw line
and came to a rest on my chin, his right hand continuing down to the top of my
breast.

My skin felt like fire and my chest almost heaved from the intensity of the
moment. He withdrew his touched and stepped back again, he searched my eyes and
smiled, he was pleased to see my reaction to his touch. He laid the flogger on
the bed and stepped closer to me, "Don't move." was all he said as he began to
kiss lightly over my shoulder towards my neck. I shuddered with the excitement
that rocked through me as his soft kisses gave way to small tiny nibbles along
my neck. His hands return to my arms as his mouth traveled down my shoulders to
my chest.

He moved his hands to my waist, his tongue began to make slow soft circles
around my breasts, moving closer and closer to my nipples, they were so hard,
they were straining to touch him, wanting and seeking his tongue, the warmth of
his mouth. Inside my mind I begged and pleaded to feel his lips wrap around them
and to feel that glorious tongue flick across them, but no matter how tight he
made the circles sliding around each nipple he held back that one feeling I
craved the most.

I couldn't believe how alive I felt, how sensitive every part of my body had
become. I ached to feel all of him; I needed him like I have never needed
anything or anybody before in my life. I could sense how wet I was, I wanted to
touch him, myself, to satiate this aching need emitting from the very depths of
my soul. He stopped before I could feel his tongue move across my hard nipples.
I nearly moaned aloud my disappointment. He stood straight, my breath heaved, my
eyes filled with lust, pleading, my scent drifting upwards, he could smell me,
smell the arousal he created with just his touch. He raised one eyebrow and
tilted his head, "Yes, My little one? You want something?" I slowly began to
speak in a hushed raspy whisper, "Please . . .?"

"Please, what, little one?"

"Please, Sir . . . please don't stop."

He smiled and lowered his head again and this time in one swift urgent move he
took my right nipple into his mouth and sucked deeply. I gasped at the electric
feel his mouth had against my engorged throbbing nipple. I felt myself blush as
I realized how close to cumming I was, and he even hadn't touched my wet pussy
yet.

I wanted so much to bring my hands up, to touch him, to hold his head in my
hands, to pull him to me even closer. I didn't dare move, I didn't want to run
the risk of this feeling ending. He sucked harder and pulled away and let go, my
breast sprang back, the nipple harder still. To the other breast, the sudden
clamp of his mouth over the nipple, the slow deep torturous suckling, the tug
outward and again the sudden release. I moaned aloud and shook with that deep
aching need again.

He stopped as suddenly as he started. I gasped for breath. My chest was heaving,
all of my senses were on overload, I could feel the wet pool between my legs, my
clit was throbbing and on fire and my nipples were so hard and so incredibly
sensitive that I could feel the slightest breeze that the warm fire would allow.
My eyes had not left his. I watched as he winked and gave me a soft smile, he
turned around, and I stared almost disbelieving as he walked away, saying,
"Don't move."

he walked back to the open cabinet and pulled a drawer open, I watched
transfixed as he pulled the coiled white rope from inside. The short crop tossed
over to the blanket. His hand entered the upper part of the cabinet and
retrieved something I could not see before he turned and tucked into his back
pocket, all in one stealth movement.

I followed the rope as he tossed it onto the blanket he had laid down before,
that was when I noticed the layout of other things in the surrounding area of
the soft little nest he had built. I could see the heavy brass posts that came
up from the floor on either side of the fireplace at the edge of the stone
hearth. The small cozy nest he had built lay between that stone edge and the end
of the bed. He knelt down on his knees and held his hand out to me to come to
him.

With my eyes on his I steeped over to where he knelt. A gentle tug on my hand as
I reached out for him. I knelt down with him, his hands came around my back, one
more soft yet deep kiss as his hands met my waist and I felt the tug and pull as
he turned me and gently pushed me down onto the soft comforter.

I felt his lips along my spine, his fingertips trailing down my sides to my
hips. He pushed open his fingers as he laid the palms against my hips and once
again, turned me. He on his side and me laying face up, he looked over my body.
His hand was teasing me again, tickling upward from my belly button, between my
breasts and upward to my neck, out my shoulder and down my arm. Reaching my hand
he sat back and pulled it to where he wished it to lay.  Within minutes he had
each arm stretched outward and each leg spread open. He picked up the rope and
moved back towards my hands.

The rope lay so close to my head that was perched on the pillows he had
provided, unfurling a piece that was maybe two feet long.  My eyes watching him
as he reached around to whatever it was he had secreted away from my view
before. I gasped as I saw the blade glimmer in the firelight. He looped the rope
and slid the blade slowly through it and with a swift hard tug the knife sliced
through the silky fibers.

He repeated this 3 three more times as he tied each extremity, my right wrist
and ankle tied to the brass posts at each end of the stone hearth, my left wrist
and ankle to the legs of the bed. Now I lay there, spread wide open and
completely under his control.

He laid along side me again, his hands caressing and teasing, making me want to
squirm and beg. His lips kissing softly, my lips, my face, my neck, the tops of
my breasts. All the way down my body his fingertips teased and his lips felt hot
and sensual, I ached to feel them play with me, I wasn't to be disappointed. His
fingers spread apart the lips I had been dying for him to touch. Slowly and
tenderly he coaxed my clit from its hiding place, the tip was so sensitive and I
shook with anticipation as he lowered his face closer to the little throbbing
orb. Taking it between his lips, he flicked his tongue lightly over the tip, my
back arched as far as the ropes would allow, I moaned long and low, my orgasm
already so close to erupting.

He sucked harder and deeper as he plunged two fingers effortlessly inside of me.
I lost all reserve, my body stiffened and I screamed out as I flooded his mouth
and tongue. He slowed down and allowed me to settle back gently. He moved back
up my body and kissed my trembling lips, I could taste myself still warm on his
mouth. His fingers now out of me and stroking slowly and tenderly, his lips
moved near my ear and he whispered soothingly, "Good girl. Now I'm going to
untie you and I want you to roll over for me and stretch your arms and those
pretty little legs back to the same position."

It only took a few minutes to feel the tight rope give and all my extremities
were released. One more kiss as he told me to roll over for him. I stiffened as
I heard the words, "roll over", an old fear suddenly surfaced and I hesitated.
"Treasure!" he said sharply bringing me back into focus. Then his voice softened
as he peered into my eyes, "What's wrong? Why are you hesitating?"

I bit my bottom lip but didn't dare look away, even though I didn't want to see
what he saw when he looked upon the shame I felt in doubting him. I softly
apologized and began to turn. I heard him inhale deeply and let it out slowly,
as he set out to retie each precious and loving restraint. Bound and spread
eagle again I felt his fingertips return along my back. "Thank you for the
apology my love, but your small hesitation will be dealt with." I nodded, it was
only fair, I had been told what to do and I didn't carry the directive out in a
timely fashion. I moaned softly as his fingertips so feathery soft teased along
my spine and down to the round globes of my ass. My body jerked in stunned
surprise when he raised his hand and firmly planted a bare handed swat to the
left cheek of my rear.

Several times he raised his hand to deliver more swats, alternating from cheek
to cheek. He made a small pause between each swat, allowing the heat from the
well-placed smacks to spread as the sting radiated outward and inward, going
deeper with each new swat. Five swats to each bare cheek, then the heat set in
and my tears give way to soft moans.

His hands rubbed and kneaded the flaming red ass that lay before him, each hand
moving them back and forth, his thumbs just inside the crack separating each
cheek. I moaned again lost in the feeling of him. My mind calmed by his control
of the situation and me. The old fear was not even a thought anymore, as he bent
down and I felt the warmth of his tongue slowly brushing back and forth and then
circling the tight little opening where no one had ever been before.

He moved his tongue up and down between the crack of my ass, playfully licking
all around me, and then back up over my spin, and to my neck. He whispered
closely to get ready to finally learn what it meant to surrender.

I was so relaxed and comfortable that I didn't notice when he moved away, but I
knew it when he returned. He had picked the flogger back up off the bed and now
trailed it over the backs of my legs and back. Back and forth he swept the ends
of the flogger, it felt soft and set in motion a new excitement waiting for the
thud I knew without a doubt would soon follow. When he first lifted to flick the
ends against my skin I braced myself for a hard thud and sting, but it didn't
come. He lightly flicked it over my body making me tingle.

After several minutes he increased the power he used to strike and now each time
it came into contact with me it was growing harder and harder, the sting and
thud grew and spread thru my body, the heat I could feel rising to the surface.
Finally he had gotten to a point where he became consistent with each strike, it
made my body jerk each time the ends landed so perfectly against my legs and
ass, I screamed the few times he aimed it between my opened legs. I began to
shake and cry, tears falling over my cheeks as the heat in my skin grew in
intensity.

My tears gave way to sobs when he laid the flogger aside. His hands returned to
kneading my skin, it tingled as he glided them over my hot skin. His voice was
soothing to me as he whispered how proud he was of me and how much he loved me,
how sweet I looked as I learn the lesson of surrendering.

I laid my head down against the pillow and breathed deeply and slowly to settle
myself down. I wasn't even aware that he had untied me again till he drew me up
into his arms and rocked me back and forth.

The ropes were gone and I clung to him tightly. I never wanted to leave his
arms; I never wanted to stop feeling those tender kisses he sweetly placed all
around my face. His hands never stopped moving, fingertips again, so feathery
soft, trailing over my breasts, my arms, my belly and down between my legs.
Instinctively I opened them for him, his fingers tenderly stroked my clit till
he heard me moan, he slowed down even more but increased the pressure just
slightly, "My sweet treasure, are you ready to surrender that last wall for me?"
I moaned again and begged him to help me tear it down.

Slowly he laid me back against the pillow on the floor, his hands on my knees
pushing my legs up, he told me to hold them up for him. My arms he lifted above
my head and held them in place with one strong hand. I could feel the fingers on
his other hand stroking and caressing. One finger entered me, moving it in and
out, the wetness making it so easy. Drawing out the wetness he moved his finger
down to my ass, painting the tight little hole like a skilled artist with my own
juices. I held my breath till I couldn't any longer and gasped to refill my
lungs; I trembled, as I feared the entry, but trusted him to take me to this new
place.

His hand left for just a brief moment and I felt the cool application of the
lube. His face so close to mine, he whispered for me to keep my eyes on him and
to take a deep breath.

"Watch my eyes, my little love. That's it. Relax for me. Breathe deep and slow."
I felt the pressure against the tight opening. He slowly worked his finger in;
he held it for a minute till I relaxed, and then back out. Over and over again,
moving so slow, so tender. I relaxed and began to enjoy the feel. The last wall
was coming down, his voice leading me, and soothing me, his hand firmly still
holding mine in place. Soon I couldn't help but move my hips to meet his
methodical stroking.

Deeper and deeper his finger went, as he prepared to add a second finger his
voice again reminding me to watch his eyes, to breathe deep for him. I felt
myself stretch as the second finger joined the first. The muscles tightened and
my hips were trusting upward as I moaned aloud, "Shhhhhhhhh... relax, baby, just
watch my eyes, deep breath just like before." I tried to slow my breathing and
drift on his voice and the erotic feel of this new adventure.

The muscles relaxed and I was once again losing myself to the sensual feel of
him. He moved so slowly and so tenderly, but then the fingers were gone. I
watched the look on his face as he moved his body between my legs. More lube as
he placed the head of his cock at the opening. My breathing quickened, I was
scared, "Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, watch my eyes, love, deep breaths...that's it
sweety, that's it." I felt the pressure, so intense as he slowly pushed into me.
His hand still holding my hands above my head he entered slowly, stroking back
and forth. His index finger and thumb on his right hand playing with my pussy
and clit. He was halfway in when he stopped and held still till I relaxed for
him to move deeper.

My eyes never left his as he worked so patiently and deeper into me, it felt
tight, but he was so careful not to hurt me or rush me. After a few minutes he
told me to spread my legs wide for him, he went deeper and his fingers worked in
and out of my pussy, bringing me closer and closer to cumming. With his other
hand he picked up the short crop, my heart pounded, he had let go of my hands, I
moved them down instinctively and spread the lips of my wet pussy apart,
stretching around the clit making it stand proudly for him. I pleaded with my
eyes, yes, please; I want to feel that sting.

He held it poised, the sight of it excited me, the tight feel in my ass, the
growing orgasm that neared, please, please let me feel that crop. My eyes
watching his, the twinkle that made them dance in the firelight, he brought it
down, not too hard, oh that glorious sting, my hips trust upward taking him so
deep into my ass, his fingers trusting harder in and out of my clenching pussy,
the light stings of the crop, his cock so hard and growing harder with his own
pending climax, more stings. My back arching as I feel his cum filling me, I
screamed as my body gave way, cumming together. The crop thrown to the side, he
slumped over me holding himself deep inside, his hands slid under me and wrapped
back around my shoulders, pulling me to him, our bodies tight against each
other, my mind goes to that higher plane as I fly for him.

Holding me close, we lay in front of the fire, my mind and body calm in its
flight, his hands and kisses so tender and loving. The soothing voice in my ear,
"My lovely little love.... we tear down walls so beautifully together."

Written by Liana




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Liana


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





