BDSM Library - Jane's Fag Girl




Jane's Fag Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The pampered wife of a millionaire takes a younger woman as her submissive fag girl.
Jane's Fag Girl

by Brenda


********************


This story is dedicated to the two Jane's in my life. To my Darling Mistress
Jane and to my darling jane, who was my loving slave and shit whore, and whom I
lovingly gave to Darling Mistress Jane. I love and adore both Jane's.


********************


Jane was a tall, brown-haired woman of forty-two and the pampered wife of a
millionaire. Tori Henson was a widow, of Jane's class but of much less modest
means, ten years younger than Jane, and both spiritually and financially
dependent upon the older woman for what people of her class liked to think of as
the niceties that made life bearable. Since Jane provided luxuries unobtainable
by Tori elsewhere, she never refused an invitation from Jane to make an extended
visit for days or even weeks if her hostess insisted. Jane also gave Tori
regular and very generous cash payments that allowed Tori to make ends meet.

They were also intimates, more than anyone who knew them suspected, for during
Susan's very first extended stay at Jane's house, the older woman had told Tori
how much she reminded her of Ella, Jane's fag girl at boarding school. Tori had
blushed deeply, surprised that Jane had been 'that way' in school. Many of the
girls in her boarding school did shocking things together, especially when a
girl became another girl's 'fag' or sexual slave. Tori had always kept away from
girls like that. But when Jane had talked about how she missed having a fag girl
to cater to her lusty desires, Tori had received the unspoken message loud and
clear, and had gone to bed with Jane and learned her duties as a fag girl. Tori
owed Jane too much, and needed someone firm and loving to look after her, and no
matter how uncomfortable catering to Jane's demands made her feel, Tori never
refused the other woman's lesbian lust.

It was midmorning and Jane had taken Tori to her lavish bedroom. She turned to
look at Tori. Her face flushed, Jane stepped out of her gown to lie naked across
the bed with her legs parted wide. "Hurry, darling!" she said huskily.

Tori understood what she wanted. After shedding her own gown, she went naked to
Jane and knelt on the floor at the side of the bed like an obedient fag girl.
The older woman smiled, her hands caressing her heavy breasts. She opened her
legs further, lifting her left leg and then hooking it around Tori's shoulders
to draw the kneeling woman into the dark hairy thicket between her sturdy
thighs.

Tori gazed at the older woman's pussy, her senses reeling, her mind vacillating
between revulsion and excitement. It was always like this when this stage of the
game was reached. Though she didn't have any men friends and was sexually
faithful to Jane, Tori still hadn't after six months come completely to terms
with their Dominant/submissive lesbian relationship.

She looked at the dark pubic curls, at the glistening cunt whose inner lips were
bright pink. The outer lips were plump, the clitoris much larger than her own
and now protruding like a pink mollusk coming out of its home.

Her eyes narrowed, her leg still hooked around Tori's shoulders, Jane slid a
hand over her belly to spread her cunt wider with her fingers. "There, darling,
this is what my sweet little fag girl needs, isn't it?"

Tori trembled, part of her wanting to flee and the other part hungry to plunge
into the wet cleft. The opening of the grotto, spread wide by Jane's fingers,
showed a milky effusion slowly oozing out of it. Jane's leg jerked, pulling Tori
to the center of bliss, and with a soft whimper Tori yielded and closed her
mouth over the running brook.

"Oh, you sweet darling!" Jane moaned. Tori quickly lost herself in the hot
swamp. She pressed her face into the older woman's wet cunt, her nose rubbing
the large clitoris, her tongue laving and gathering the sticky milky white
saltiness of Jane's lust. Tori felt an intense excitement now. Now that she had
been brought to lowly servitude with her mouth she realized for the first time
that she regretted not doing this for other girls who wanted it in school.
Rather than having few friends and a poor social life, she could have been very
popular like Alison Barker. Alison was always being seen hand in hand with some
pretty girl or another, and there were always rumors going around about two or
three girls getting together with Alison in one of their rooms and taking turns
being licked and sucked by the pussy-hungry little bitch.

Tori kept her eyes closed in bliss as she sucked and sniffed. Jane's cunt was
gushing, and Tori kept herself busy gathering the precious effusion, letting it
pool in her mouth and mix with her saliva before swallowing. As usual, Jane was
excessively wet and sticky and Tori fed passionately on it. The scent of Jane's
cunt would linger in her nose and the taste run strong in her saliva for a long
while after the event, making her feel the usual shame and humiliation after the
heat of the moment had worn off. Tori wondered if Alison Barker ever felt that
way afterwards. But now her own pussy was wet and sticky, her clitoris erect and
throbbing for that sticky salty taste in her mouth that only Jane - or another
woman - could provide.

Jane raised her knees and pulled them backward to roll up the under sides of her
thighs and broad ass, exposing her tight anus. "Time for a dirty bitch to really
put her little fag girl in her place. Time to brown my fag girl's tongue," Jane
murmured, her voice husky with lust.

Tori whimpered as she pulled her head back and stared at the older woman's dirty
anus. It was a new passion that Jane had recently developed and had asked for
three times before. Each time she did it Tori swore to herself that it would be
the last, but she now sensed that it would become a regular part of her love
making duties to Jane. "Oh, my darling Jane!" she whimpered as she laved her
tongue against Jane's shit-caked anus.

"Yes! Lick my shit, sweetheart!" Jane crooned. "You're starting to like it,
aren't you, you dirty thing? Tell me you've got the taste for it."

"Yes! Oh yes, my darling," Tori whimpered with passion. "I don't know what I'd
do without you. I adore being your fag girl, having the taste of your sweet shit
and come in my mouth. You know it's what I need, darling."

"Yes, Jane knows," the older woman purred as she felt Tori's warm, wet tongue
licking and cleaning her dirty ass, "even though you've never told me so before.
You're the kind of fag girl a woman can be proud of and show off in front of
other women in intimate and very kinky gatherings of five or six. Ooohhh, that's
it, Tori, get your tongue right up my dirty asshole. Make me come that way!"

Jane drew her legs back further until her knees were touching her breasts and
moaned softly with pleasure as Tori's stiffened tongue frigged her tight anus.
Tori was shocked and thrilled by what she had just told Jane in the heat of the
moment. It was as though she had made a final and binding commitment to the
other woman, a commitment much more binding than matrimony. She knew that the
shame and humiliation she always felt when their lust and passion had died down
would be even stronger, but now she knew that she needed - WANTED - such
shameful servitude, and that deep down she truly was Jane's fag girl. Tori
wallowed her face in the wetness of the older woman's cunt as she skillfully
teased her anus with her tongue, slowly working her to an intense orgasm.

Tori moved her tongue from Jane's asshole to her cunt and greedily lapped at the
milky white river of salt that oozed from Jane's cunt. The taste of the older
woman's come mixed in her mouth with the taste of her shit, making Tori swoon
with passion and pleasure, making her own pussy juices flow.

"Now I'm going to give my darling fag girl the mouth fucking of her life," Jane
said huskily.

Tori knew what was required and clamped her mouth around the large swollen clit.
Jane lowered her legs and locked her thighs tightly around Tori's head, then
grabbing the younger woman's hair tightly, she began to hunch up against the
sucking mouth. Jane's lust was intense and much more savage than it had ever
been when Jane took her this way, but Tori thrilled to being used so totally.
Her lips would be sore and bruised afterwards, but would serve as a reminder of
Jane's lust for her.

Jane slowed the rhythm of her hips and Tori sucked harder at the clit between
her lips, her tongue fluttering at its sensitive tip with each up thrust,
working in unison with Jane. Jane was fucking her in every sense of the meaning,
and with a lust and passion unmatched by any man. Jane could mouth fuck her like
this for half an hour or more, slowly building herself up to an intense orgasm.
But there seemed to be an urgency in her need today, and when Jane clutched at
her hair tighter and quicken the rhythm of her hips, Tori steeled herself for
the intense fury and passion that was soon coming.

"It's almost there, darling!" Jane gasped. She stiffened against Tori's mouth.
"Bite it, darling! Now!"

Tori captured the swollen slug of Jane's clit firmly between her teeth and
fluttered her tongue wildly across the tip. Jane clutched and yanked at her hair
and tried to stiffle her cries of pleasure and bliss. After a moment Jane
slackened her thighs and Tori began to passionately lap at the sticky effusion
that welled from deep inside Jane's cunt.

Jane allowed Tori to feast on her juices and mucus as she basked in the
afterglow of good sex that only a devoted fag girl could give. Finally she used
one of her feet to firmly push Tori away from her furrow. "Enough now - you'll
exhaust me."

Unable to contain her passion, Tori began to lick Jane's feet and suck her toes,
something she had never done for Jane before. Jane reclined on the bed for half
an hour or more, feeling thoroughly satiated and decadent, till both her feet
glistened with Tori's saliva.


********************


Later that afternoon they walked hand in hand in the seclusion of the large
garden. "You don't wash your face or your mouth out after being with me, do you,
Tori?" Jane smiled. "I can see little white flakes of dried pussy juice around
your mouth in the brightness of the sun."

Tori blushed deeply in response to the question. "I...I...It makes me feel
ashamed and humiliated doing things for you. But yet I...I want it. I want it so
much."

"Some women need to be made to feel ashamed and humiliated - in ways that only
another woman can make them feel. I like making you feel ashamed and humiliated,
darling. That's why you're such an adorable fag. I loved the way you licked my
feet and sucked my toes after I mouth-fucked you."

"I liked doing it for you," Tori said. "I like being your fag girl."

"We've never talked this way before, Tori," Jane said, smiling at the other
woman's pretty blushes. "What else do you like doing for me?"

"I...I...having my tongue browned..." Tori said, blushing deeper still. "And
sucking your pussy and eating your come." She dropped to her knees and licked at
the crotch of Jane's cotton shorts. "Please, Jane, let me suck your pussy."

"You've never asked for it before," Jane smiled down on her. "You know we can't
do it here in the garden, though. I'll come to your room later on this evening.
Some of the girls in boarding school were quite nasty with their fag girls.
Shall I be nasty with you tonight?"

"Really nasty? With your dirty ass like you were this morning?" Tori said,
embracing Jane's hips and caressing her well shaped buttocks through the
tight-fitting shorts.

"You know that's what a fag-girl really needs - for a woman to be really nasty
with her. I'm going to have you down on your knees with your head between my
thighs while I sit on the toilet. I want you to think about what I might make
you do - and about what you might want to do for me while I'm on the toilet. But
do get up, before someone sees us."


********************


Later that evening Tori lounged on her bed, naked under a silk dressing gown.
She longed to touch and caress her pussy and blushed deeply from time to time as
she thought of what Jane was going to make her do - what she WANTED Jane to do.
Unable to resist the urge, she opened her gown and moved one hand between her
thighs, her fingers teasing her wet pussy.

A moment later Jane silently entered the room and smiled at the scene on the
bed. "Caught you in the act, you randy bitch!" she smiled as she closed the door
behind her.

Tori moved her hand away from her pussy and sat up, blushing scarlet as she
watched Jane take her own dressing gown off, revealing her nakedness underneath
it. "It's a good thing I have to go to the toilet. I can make good use of a
randy little fag girl like you while I do my business on the throne. We'll make
it a throne of love tonight. Come in the bathroom with me," she said, turning
and going into Tori's bathroom.

Tori removed her own dressing gown and went naked to join the older woman. Her
pulse raced and her clit stiffened as stared at Jane sitting on the toilet, her
legs parted wide. There was no feeling of revulsion nor any hesitation as she
approached the woman and knelt before her, staring at her gaping cunt.

"This is the supreme moment of passion for any dirty bitch like me. When she's
sitting naked on the toilet with her sweet little fag girl on her knees before
her. I'm going to shame and humiliate you like I've never done before, Tori. I'm
going to something really nasty and dirty in your sweet mouth. With my pussy as
well as my ass. Can you guess what I'm going to do in your mouth?"

"I...I...don't know..." Tori lied, blushing deeply at the lewdness of her own
thoughts.

"I think you do, and that you're just being shy," Jane said huskily. "I want you
to tell me what you think I'm going to do in your mouth with my pussy."

"You...you're going to...to piss in my mouth, aren't you?" Tori stammered.

"That's right, darling. I'm going to pee in my fag girl's mouth. Then I'll do
something really nasty in your mouth with my ass. But only if you ask sweetly
for it. I want to hear you beg for it, sweetheart."

"I...I...want to...to drink your pee and...and eat your...your shit," Tori said,
blushing crimson, right down to her naked breasts. "Please, Jane, I...I want you
to...to shit in my mouth."

Tori moved her head between Jane's thighs and began to lick the wetness of her
pussy.

"You mustn't suck my pussy," Jane said, gently pushing her head away. "I told
Kevin I was going to let him fuck me tonight. I want to be randy for his cock,
and you'll take the edge off my pleasure if you make me come with your tongue.
I'm going to be really randy and hot and fuck him like a bitch in heat while I'm
thinking about what I done to you. Open your mouth, Tori, darling. I'm going to
pee in it."

Tori opened her mouth wide as she stared submissively up into Jane's eyes.

"You look so pretty down on your knees like that," Jane said. She grunted softly
and then began to piss with full force in Tori's face and mouth.

Tori spluttered and swallowed, and would have instinctively drawn away. But Jane
held the back of her head. She could have escaped, but the gentle pressure of
Jane's hand at the back of her head was enough to hold her to her task and make
her remember her duty as a fag girl. She opened her mouth and gulped and
swallowed several times, her clit wildly throbbing at the strong, salty taste of
Jane's pee. She felt it running down her neck and naked breasts, and had a wild
vision in her mind of Jane pissing all over her naked body.

Tori longed to lick the salty wetness of Jane's pussy when the torrent of piss
finally trickled to a dribble and then ceased altogether. But she remembered
Jane's date in bed for a good fucking by Kevin. She knew that Jane was
deliberately using her in the lowest of ways to increase her carnal lust and
pleasure with her husband, but Tori wasn't jealous, taking comfort and pleasure
in knowing that it was her Jane would be thinking of as Kevin fucked her.

"I've browned a good few fag girl's tongue, but never shit in anyone's mouth,"
Jane said. "I suppose  the easiest way is if you lie on your back on the floor
while I squat over your face. I don't want you licking my pussy, but you can
give my asshole a good licking out. Kevin knows all about us, you know."

"What?" Tori gasped, blushing deeply with shame and wondering how she would ever
be able to look him in the eye again.

"He knows and approves very much of me using you as my fag girl. He's not
jealous, and knows it helps to make me randy for him. Lie down on the floor now,
darling."

Tori obeyed, lying on the carpeted bathroom floor and staring up as Jane stood
over her, facing her feet. She watched in awe as the other woman slowly squatted
down over her face. Tori's pulse raced as she thought about this posture - how
the position naturally parted Jane's ass cheeks and exposed her brown puckered
anus - making Jane ready to perform a natural bodily function. Whimpering
softly, Tori raised her head and tongued Jane's anus.

"Ummmmmm, that feels so good, darling," Jane purred. "Making me so randy for a
good cock fucking. Let me feel your mouth open and your lips make a seal around
my asshole now."

Tori's parted lips sealed themselves around Jane's anus and her heart beat fast
and her clit pulsed with aroused lust as she felt Jane strain. Then it happened.
She felt Jane's anus contract and suddenly a bittersweet tasting piece of Jane's
shit pushed into her mouth.

"Don't swallow it, darling. Not yet," Jane said, scrambling down to kneel
between Tori's thighs. "Work it in your mouth and really get the taste of it
while I eat your pussy. I want you to swallow it when you come."

Tori trembled in extreme arousal as she felt Jane licking at the wetness of her
cunt. Her belly quivered with mixed emotions as she used her tongue to press the
firm yet softly yielding shit against the roof of her mouth. It was not unlike
having peanut butter in her mouth - a very bittersweet tasting peanut butter.

"Kevin's waiting for me naked in bed," Jane said, raising her head for a moment.
"He knows that I've come to piss and shit in your mouth, and will be getting
impatient to fuck me. I want to give him the pleasure of the taste and smell of
your pussy and come on my mouth as he kisses me while we fuck, so hurry up and
come, sweetheart."

Jane lowered her head between Tori's thighs again and attacked her clit with her
lips and tongue, making Tori hunch up lustfully into her mouth. Tori worked
Jane's shit wildly in her mouth as she felt an intense orgasm rapidly begin to
rise in her loins. Stiffening with pleasure, she came against Jane's mouth as
she swallowed several times the mixture of saliva and shit in her mouth.

Jane lapped greedily at Tori's juices, holding them in her mouth to share with
her husband as she wallowed her face in Tori's wetness. Then she rose and
literally ran from the room to her impatiently waiting husband.

Tori moved one hand down to her wet pussy, and there on the floor, she
masturbated herself to a second orgasm as she relived in her mind what had just
happened. The taste of Jane's shit was still strong in her mouth when she came
for the second time, crying out Jane's name.....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brenda


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





