BDSM Library - Terror In The Woods




Terror In The Woods
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mother and her two children meet a rapest.
     WALKING INTO TERROR


     The time of falling leaves has arrived in this mid-western state, and after
driving for about an hour I have made it to one of the places that I
investigated earlier.  So far this year I've had no luck in my hunting to
assault a woman.  Perhaps today would be different for the weather is mild and
the leaves are in full fall colors.  I left the car and hid in the woods to see
what would show up, and after two hours a Chrysler PT Cruiser pulled into the
parking lot and three occupants stepped out of it -- three women!  From what I
could tell they were a family.  The oldest looked like she was in her low to
mid-forties; the next was definitely a teenager; and the youngest was probably
in her pre-teens.  Sexually assaulting the young child was definitely out of the
question, but I have plenty of sperm for the other two.  They walked onto the
trail that led deep into the woods, and after a few minutes I went to my car and
retrieved my tools of the trade out of the trunk and placed them into a duffel
bag.  I also grabbed a small derringer pistol, my reflective sunshades, and a
Global Positioning Unit.  I took the path that leads in the opposite direction. 
I walked this trail many times before.  It's almost 1.5 miles long with a
walking time of about an hour.  I expect to meet them in thirty minutes or so as
the trail passes through a seasonal creek bed.

     As I hiked along the trail I though about how I was going to do what was
needed to be done.  Obviously, threatening the life of one of the children will
force the mother to do what she may be ordered to do so.  The youngest would be
the weakest to put up a fight.  They'll be suggested to go off the trail system
to the spot where the teenager and her mother will be raped while the youngest
sits blindfolded.  I glanced at the GPS unit occasionally to see how far I
walked, and after about a half of a mile I heard their voices in the far
distance.  I made sure the gun did not have a clip in it or a bullet was in the
chamber.  I made it to the creek bed in twenty-five minutes and they still have
not passed me.  They could be in a cavern up ahead by the steady increasing
sound of their voices, and finally I spotted one of them coming towards me with
the two behind her.  It's the young child, and I placed my hand on the gun that
was hidden in my pocket.  My breathing became erratic as my heart pounded in my
chest.  They were now within twenty-five feet.  The young girl had her face
turned toward her mother when the gun came out of my pocket.  The mother yelled
for her daughter when she saw the gun, but it was too late because I grasped the
youngster's arm with the gun pointed at her head.  All three froze with me.

     "Now all three of you are going to be extra quite, otherwise this little
one is going to be hurt.", I warned them.  The mother whispered to the others to
do as I said.  I looked at her for her face wanted to ask me something, but I
shook my head in response to her.  One thing I did not need is her trying to
talk to me to release the child.  At least not yet.  "Tell you children to get
on their knees, and then come here to me."  As I hoped, she did what I told her
to do.  When she got close to me I told her to stop and get one her knees. 
After she done so I tossed the duffel bag to her after I released her young
daughter while the gun was still in the original position. "Open the bag and use
the ropes to tie your daughter's wrists in front of them.  Remember the young
ones life in in your hands." She tied the teen's wrists first and whispered
something to her, then she did the same to the younger crying child -- assuring
her that everything will be all right.  Next she covered both of their mouths
with duct tape as I ordered.  The plan is working perfectly! "Please...let them
go...I'll do whatever you want.", the mother quietly begged me after I ordered
her to get on her knees and before I covered her mouth with the duct tape.  Her
back was turned toward her kids and after tying her wrists together I fondled
her breasts.  Whispering into her ear I told her of my plans of raping her.  Of
course I never mentioned the plan of raping her teenage daughter.  I pulled each
one up on there feet and ordered them to walk deeper into the woods.  I walked
with the mother.  The younger girls were within 5 feet of us.  My hand was upon
her ass pushing her along the way.  As we reached about 100 feet from the trail
itself I told them to stop and lay down on the ground.

     I pulled them to the bases of three separate trees and covered the eyes of
the youngest with duct tape; "you don't need to see what may happen."  Next, I
secured the other two's wrists to the tree so that they could be forced to lay
down to be raped, but still have some freedom to move there bound wrists.   Then
I walked to the mother and showed her the clip less gun -- "You could've escaped
from me.  It had no bullets! Don't you hate it when you get fooled?"  After
putting the weapon back in the back, my digital camera caught the images of the
three victims for my collection book.  As they lay waiting for what will happen
next, their eyes locked on my movements.

     After about fifteen minutes I went to the (shoulder length auburn hair)
mother.  Sitting next to her, I gazed at the beautiful body.  Unlike her slim
teen, she had a slightly more plumped body.  Her red blouse was still tucked in
her faded blue jeans despite the forced walk through the woods.  My hand slid
through her hair and gently touched her neck, before it went downward and into
the top of her blouse.  "I want to see what you have hidden under your clothing,
and there is only one way I can find out."  Her blouse slowly became unbuttoned
as I watched tears coming down from her eyes.  As the fourth button became
undone I was able to see her red brassier, and finally I pulled the blouse out
of her jeans.  Another photograph was taken of her.    "You must like red. 
First your blouse and now your bra.  I beginning to wonder what color are your
panties.  I'll find out soon, but not before I check out your titties! Now, let
me see if I have something in my bag to remove them."  A pair of scissors was
pulled out, and they were used to slowly cut off the bra with the straps being
cut first before the center of the cups.  The sight of her small breasts made my
dick hard!  They are white as snow with small flattened cherry red nipples.  She
attempted to struggle as I touched the soft and fleshy skin of her motherhood,
and then she attempted to scream in her sealed mouth as my lips and tongue
teased her nipples.  My dick was becoming painfully hard within my pants.  I
wanted her pussy bad so I stood up and dropped my pants, before I jerked her
shoes off and pulled the jeans and panties off together.  Realizing that she was
about to be rape, the mother immediately crossed her legs as soon as the jeans
came off.  Her thighs covered her motherhood so well that I could not see it,
but I wasn't about to let her stop me from preventing me from getting what I
wanted.  Her legs were forced apart by my superior strength and I seen her light
pink vaginal lips surrounded by a thin coat of soft red hair.  The mother
aggressively shook her head as I moved into the traditional mounting position
and forced my thickened manhood into the dry feminine cave.  She screamed as
best as she could as I forced deeper into her, and when I felt her natural
wetness take over I thrusted in and out to satisfy the urge to fill her up with
my sticky semen.  Her loose legs tried to push me off as my arms tightly locked
around her back.  The thrusts became faster and crueler then finally I exploded
into her body!  My weight fully collapsed on her medium frame, and I continued
to slowly and humanely penetrate her vagina.  "My, you are good! For I haven't
had a good fuck like that for a long time." was whispered into her ear.  Getting
off of the mother I went ahead and took extra pictures of her naked body
including the tits and the oozing pussy.  Soon after I sat down and rested from
my jaunt with violent sex.

     Moving closer to the mother for the period of my rest, I pulled her up to a
sitting position next to the tree.  Soon after I again played with her sexual
features and talked with her.  "Raping a middle age woman is fun.  I remember
the time when I first raped a girl in high school.  She was oh...16 or 17 years
old and a virgin!  She was bawling when she felt the knife on her throat.  Her
tits were nice and firm.  Fucked her right in a state park in the back seat of
my car.  Forcing my cock in that tight pussy while she cried and begged me to
stop.  She never told anyone of the attack.  My last rape was about ten months
ago when I took care of a six-month pregnant realtor.  In fact your daughter
over there reminds me much of her."  She then noticed that I was paying
attention to her daughter a lot more.  She probably hoped that I wouldn't rape
the teen, and when she seen me looking at her daughter then her hopes became her
fears.  The mother voluntarily spread her legs apart -- perhaps to get me to
keep my attention on her.

     My fingers indulged in the offering, and they dug deep into it forcing the
muscles to relax and the tissues to lubricate themselves.  The mother's face
wrenched from the pain of my fingers going in deeper as I forced more than three
in before my entire fist went into her pussy.  "Do you miss the feeling of a
child coming out of your pussy?  My fist is as big as a child's head."  Her
daughter was in direct line of sight of the rape, and her head was turned away. 
"What's the matter teen?  You don't like seeing your mom gets raped?  I bet your
daddy fucks her every week, so what's so bad about another man fucking her?"  My
hand went out of her as my dick got hard again. "I want to see your teenage
daughter's naked body before I fuck you again."  The mother vigorously shook her
head as I moved away, while the daughter stared at me with wide-open eyes.  My
camera was with me as I took a photograph of her, before I sat down and groped
her breast.  "Well, I think it's fair that if your mom is naked then so should
you.  Plus, I bet your body looks a hell a lot better than that old bitch!  Wait
a second.  Your breast feels different.  You don't have a brassier on do you?"

     Like her mother the teen had faded tight blue jeans on, but she had a gray
sweatshirt on other than a blouse.  In testing my observation the inside of her
sweatshirt was invaded by a large hand of mine.  The heat of her body was
inviting and my hand reached the soft tissue of her breast.  No bra stopped my
collision with her soft nipple.  I immediately pulled her sweatshirt up and over
her head.  The two breasts were not as droopy as her mothers are, and the girl's
prominent freckles covered the upper side of them.  Plus her pink nipples and
areola were larger than her mother's was.  "Hey mommy!  You daughter was walking
around without a bra!  Do you think that she was hoping to catch the eyes of a
man in the woods?"  Photographs were taken of her breasts.  Both wide view and
close-ups on the nipples.  The jeans were to become next after removing her
sneakers.  She naturally kicked her legs in an attempt to stop me from pulling
off the pants.  But, in the end she only had her white socks and white panty
brief's on her.  She soon found me lying next to her and fondling her soft yet
firm breast.  Her nipples became hard to my touching.  Getting up, I lifted the
top of her panties and looked in them.  She cried as I stared at her bushy
pussy.  "Nice pussy you got there.  Are you still a virgin?"  The young teen
shook her head.  I had no ideal if she was lying or not.  After getting up I
took another photograph before removing her panties, and two more photographs of
her young sexual organ.  I once again dropped my pants and my erect penis stood
at attention.  Her mother screamed to get my attention.  The daughter crossed
her legs to prevent me from seeing her.

     Straddling on top of the teenage daughter's chest with my dick touching her
chin, I grabbed her hair and forced her to look at me. "I'm going to rape
someone one more time before I leave.  You, my young woman, will decide whom. 
You need to decide if I fuck your pussy, or I fuck you mom's ass hole.  If you
decide that I fuck you then you'll tell me by spreading your legs apart."  I
released her to see what her answer was.  Her mother turned around on her belly
with her butt sticking up as in asking me to fuck her ass, but her daughter made
her decision as she opened her legs to permit me to enter her.  Preparing her
pussy for entrance with my fingers, I heard her mother screaming as loud as she
could.  Fearing that someone may hear her I went over there and chambered a
bullet into the gun in front of her.  "One more word from you then your teenager
will get this bullet in her head!  Then I'm going have to rape your youngest
daughter.  She chose to have me fuck her and not your tight ass!  So, shut up!" 
I went back to her daughter, and at the same time watched her mother.  She
remained quiet.  I didn't want to kill in the first place.

     Her daughter definitely was not a virgin.  To my surprise, she matched my
rocking movements.  Hell, she was enjoying herself!  "Too bad...your mom
didn't...enjoy herself like... you are!  You, must have plenty. of experience."
I talked as I thrusted into her.  Her breathing was more pronounced as she
accepted my thrusts and after what seemed to be a considerable amount of time,
her uterus was filled with my semen.  Both of our bodies perspired.  I got up
off of her and activated my GPS unit to mark the spot that I raped them at.

     Once my clothes were back on, and all my tools were in the bag I have yet
to do one last thing with the two naked women to permit me to escape without
them following me.  A 200,000-volt stun gun was removed and I discharged it in
both of there pussy's.  After removing the ropes from the girls, I went to the
youngest daughter and exchanged the ropes with duct tape.  She was able to
freely move now.  "I'm leaving you now.  Tell your mom, once she wakes up, that
I have her identification.  If either of you reports this incident to the police
then I'll be looking for all three of you again.  And when I find you then I'll
kill you all."

EPILOGUE

     After about an hour after I got to the trailhead, as I was watching from a
safe distance, all three girls came out of the woods.  They seen that I
ransacked there vehicle taking what money or identification items that I could
find.  I also found their cell phone number and wrote it down.  Three months has
passed since they were raped.  It's near Christmas now and I sent the mother a
Christmas card.  It had the naked image of her and a message -- You're a good
and protective mother.  Keep on protecting your children.  Enjoy making love to
your husband and remember me.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mark


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





