BDSM Library - Wetcunt's Training




Wetcunt's Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The step by step account of the degradation and humiliation as wetcunt is molded into a total fuckpig. (somewhat autobiographical)
Wetcunt's Training -- the making of a total fuckpig

All of her life, she wondered why sex wasn't very exciting for her. Everywhere
she turned she heard people raving about how much fun sex was and she couldn't
help but wonder what it was that she wasn't getting. It wasn't that she didn't
like sex, it was just that she could take it or leave it. One day, while online,
another person in the room started talking to her privately about sexual
submission. The thought intrigued her and she noticed a wetness between her
thighs that wasn't often present. A journey was started, a journey that would
result in becoming what she was always destined to be, wetcunt --the total
fuckpig.

Now when online, she started visiting adult chat room labeled BDSM, Dungeon, but
the ones that intrigued her the most were ones like "cunts to humiliate and
abuse." It was there in those rooms that she found her true calling, her true
need, the need to be humiliated, to be used, to be a total fuckpig, consumed
with serving her Master. The thought of being made to crawl behind her Master on
His leash, to lick His ass, to wear His cum, His piss did things to her that
nothing had ever done. she started to realize what it was she craved, what it
was that she desperately needed but somehow it wasn't enough.

Over and over she returned to the chat rooms, searching, seeking someone to help
form her, mold her, take her places that she had never been. Over and over again
she found players, posers, and on rare occasions actual Masters, but never the
right fit. When she had just about given up, thinking she would never find what
she was looking for, what she needed, she found someone who was different,
someone who was real, someone who understood what she needed better than she
knew herself. she found her teacher, her guide, her Master. she had found the
one who could help her to become the cum-guzzling, ass-licking, piss-drinking,
post-humping fuckpig that she needed to be, a complete and total cock and cunt
slut. Here is the story of her journey, the road to her freedom, her descent to
being wetcunt -- the total fuckpig.




Chapter 1 - Dressed for Success

"cunt, a slut should be covered with three things and not much else, sweat, cum
and piss, and as My slut that is what you will be covered with. you will wear
only what I allow you to wear, but from this day forward to some degree you will
dress like what you are and that is a slut. Until you have proven to Me that you
are worthy of meeting Me, the cum that you will be allowed to wear is your own
cuntjuice slut. My sluts' faces are constantly slopped, covered with cuntsnot.
In their noses so that they can smell what sluts they are, behind their ears so
the smell of their slutty cunt will radiate to those around them letting them
know what sluts they are. At times the rest of their slut bodies are covered
from head to toe with cunt snot. This is now your daily assignment slut,
wherever you go, to family dinners, work, church, you will wear cuntsnot on your
face. Do you understand cunt?" "Yes Master, i understand."

"Then what are you waiting for cunt, slop your fuck face." "Yes Master." With
that the novice slut reached between her legs, her face burning with
embarrassment and wet her fingers with the juices from her liberally dripping
cunt. Groaning in shame, she started wiping her own cuntjuice all over her face.
"Make sure you put one load up each of your nostrils cunt. I want you to smell
what a sloppy dirty slut you are." her cunt dripping more with each word her
Master spoke, reaching between her legs over and over again, her fingers
dripping with cuntjuice, her face shiny with it, until her whole face was
covered with cunt snot.

"How does that feel cunt, to have wiped your own cuntsnot all over your face so
that your face is dripping with it?" The shame of having her face covered with
her own cuntjuice had the novice slut's face burning and cunt dripping. "it
feels...." the novice slut stammered, not knowing what to say how to put it into
words. "spit it out slut, how does it feel to have covered your fuck face with
cuntsnot?" "humiliating Master" "Reach between your legs cunt, how does it feel
there?" "very wet Master" "Ah so My humiliation slut likes being covered with
cuntsnot. Then it is a good thing that you will be wearing it from now on.
Besides the day will come when your fuck face will be covered with some other
slut's cuntjuice or maybe you will be fortunately enough to be wearing the
cuntjuice of some Mistress that I let use you, fuckpig." "yyyyesss Master," the
novice slut stuttered thinking to herself, "but i'm not bi."

"What were you just thinking cunt?" "Master was thinking that i'm not bisexual
Master." "What are you slut, what makes that cunt quiver more than anything
else?" "Humiliation Master, am a humiliation slut." "Just think of the
humiliation that you will feel when you service another slut like the fuckmeat
that you are becoming even though you are not bi. Won't the humiliation be even
worse than if you were bi, cunt?"

"Yes Master, it will." "Then so it shall be."

"Now that W/we've got your face properly covered, W/we need to deal with the
rest of you slut. W/we will continue to clothe you from the skin out. Describe
for Me the cuntpit covers and milkbag holders that you have slut." The novice
slut was embarrassed by her granny-style cuntpit covers and milkbag holders. She
could hear her Master laughing lightly as she described them. "Now those aren't
fit for a slut.

Those are ladies panties and what are you cunt?" "a slut Master." "Right, you
have two days to rectify the situation. you are to go to Wal-Mart tomorrow and
but a wide assortment of proper slut cuntpit covers, all of them must be thongs
and must be thin enough to slide completely between the cheeks of that slut ass.
Do you understand slut?" "yes Master." "Don't throw the lady panties away
however slut, I have a fit slut use for them. As for those pitiful milkbag
holders, I realize that you have some huge milkbags that you haul around slut,
so you can't go without milkbag holders at all, but W/we need to make sure they
are proper slut milkbag holders. There is a site online that has open milkbag
holders for a slut with milkbags like yours, you are to go online today and
order some. Make sure that the ones you order completely show the nipples on
those milkbags. I want the guys at work, in the classes that you teach to be
staring at My slut's tits whenever possible. Do you understand slut?"

"Yes Master, but..." "But what slut?" "anything that I order won't be here in
two days Master. How can i fix the situation in two days Master?" "Go get a pair
of scissors slut." As she quickly got a pair of scissors, she wondered how that
answered her question. "Take that black granny milkbag holder that you described
to Me slut and cut the inside of the cup out, as close to the edge as possible
but leaving those milkbags some support." As she cut, she realized that this was
going to leave her entire tit exposed. The thought of wearing the cut open
milkbag holder had her face burning. she wondered what it would look like, what
the people at work would think. "you are to wear that milkbag harness until the
other milkbag holders come in. you may only wear one layer of clothes overtop of
it, and you best stand up straight and tall so that those nipples are showing
how proud you are to be My slut. Do you understand slut?" her face burning,
thinking of all the stares that she would get, her 38D chest already causing
enough stares when she kept it completely covered, wondering what it will be
like now, thinking the black milkbag harness would show through in a lot of her
clothes and people would see that she had deliberately cut her milkbag holders
to expose her tits. she was so lost in her imaginings that she failed to answer.
"Pay attention cunt, do you understand?" "Yes Master, sorry Master." "don't be
sorry, do better, if I have to speak to you again about paying attention, you
won't like it and you won't forget again. Do I make Myself clear slut?" "Yes
Master."

"Now for the rest of your clothes. your shirts describe them." One by one the
novice slut described the different shirts that she had. Some she had to modify,
some that she had never worn outside the house would now be worn, others were
thrown away. Each button down shirt lost the top 3 buttons so that they were
open to the middle of her tits, the spaghetti strap tank tops were now going to
be worn without milkbag holders, so that the whole world would see her milkbags
flopping around, showing them off like the slut she is.

"slut, do you wear pantyhose?" "Yes Master." "Well not anymore, you are allowed
only thigh high hose. Your skirts describe them." Skirt after skirt she set
aside to have to hem up. "you will be busy tonight, I want those skirts hemmed
up to no longer than 17 inches. From now on, you will always bend from the waist
and sit with your legs spread, do you understand slut? I want that slut ass and
cunt on display whenever possible." "yes Master, i understand" "you should be
thankful that I'm letting you wear cuntpit covers for now slut, because before
too long that cunt will be bare at all times except when you're bleeding. Ah
speaking of which, is your cunt bare slut?" "yes Master it is shaved clean."
Chuckling, "such a slut."

"Tomorrow when you go to work, you are to go with your fuckface slopped, the
milkbag harness, one of the button-down silk blouses, slut skirt, thigh high
hose, and ohhhhh, W/we have forgotten shoes. Describe your shoes to Me slut."
the novice slut had a variety of shoes ranging from 2 to 4 inch heels. "Wear the
3 to 4 inch heels from now on slut. In fact, while online get a couple of pairs
of 6-inch heels that you are to wear around the house to get used to wearing. In
fact, when you are home, you are to be wearing only those shoes and one other
item that you will need to pick up while you are at Wal-Mart tomorrow."


"Tomorrow during your trip to Wal-Mart you are to buy only these things, so that
the cashier will know what a slut you are. you are to get the sheerest,
sluttiest cuntpit covers you can find, get a bunch of them, enough for two
weeks. After you have picked those out, you are to go to the pet department and
pick out two things, a black leather dog collar. Try on at least 5 different
collars. By that I mean you are to attach them around your neck in the store for
fit. After you have tried on 5 different collars, put the heaviest black leather
collar in your cart. Then find a heavy leather leash. Snap it a few times to
make sure it sounds good. Then put it in your cart. After you have found both of
those, go to the tag-making machine and print out a dog bone collar tag with
your new name on it 'wetcunt'. Do you understand wetcunt?" "Yes Master"

"After you have done all that you are to check out, laying all of items on the
belt, including the dog tag. Do you understand wetcunt?" wetcunt's face burned
with the thought of having to do that, tears started to form just thinking about
the cashier seeing that dog tag. Stammering out a "yyyyess Master" wetcunt
wondered how she would be able to do it. "Oh and the cashier has to be a male
cunt. Once in the car, you are to put the tag on the collar and place the collar
around your neck, attach the leash to it and drive home like that. you will walk
like that with your training collar and leash on from your car into your
apartment. Do you understand wetcunt?" Groaning out a "yyess Master" wetcunt's
mind was racing, what if my neighbors see, what if i'm stopped by the cops on
the way home. "Oh and wetcunt, be careful driving home, you wouldn't want to be
pulled over by any cops with your collar and leash on. But just think you will
be well on your way to dressing like the slut you are, you will be dressed for
success slut."

"I know that you will sleep well tonight thinking of the chore that you have to
do tomorrow. Pleasant dreams cunt." "Good night Master." "Oh, one more thing
cunt, two reports tomorrow, one on how you are dressed in the morning and the
reactions to that, both yours and those around you. I want to know every look,
every comment, and how it is affecting My slut's cunt. Also a full report after
you get back from Wal-Mart with complete details of the cashier's reaction to
that slophole's reaction. your training has begun cunt and you will wear nothing
but that collar and those shoes to remind you of that fact."




Chapter 2 -- Reporting 101

The next day after her trip to Wal-Mart to buy her new training collar, slut
cuntpit covers, wetcunt received a very terse email from her Master; "Call Me
Now." was all it said. wetcunt couldn't think of what she might have done wrong
to bring this about. her hands shaking as she picked up the phone and quickly
dialed her Master's phone number, wetcunt stammered out "hhheelllo MMMMaster."

"As you don't seem to be able to follow instructions, I have a few questions for
you cunt. First, what did I tell you to do yesterday." Thinking hard wetcunt
tried to remember all the instructions of yesterday, "You told me to slop my
fuckface with cunt snot every day no matter where i'm going." "So have you
slopped your face yet today cunt?" "Yes Master, have slopped my face many times
already today Master." "good, at least you obeyed that command, continue, what
else did I tell you to do yesterday?" "You told me to hem up my skirts, remove
buttons from some of my shirts, order 6 inch heels to wear around the house
along with the training collar, go to Wal-Mart and buy slut cuntpit covers,
leather training collar with name tag and leash."
wetcunt heard the silence as her Master waited for her to remember the rest of
His commands. Finally knowing that she must have forgotten something, but not
sure what it was, wetcunt stammered, "that is all that I remember Master." "So
you beg Me to be your Master, beg Me to train you and you don't even remember My
instructions, you are racking up the punishment points wetcunt."

wetcunt feverishly replayed the conversation with her Master over in her head.
As she gasped, her Master said "Do I hear a light bulb going off cunt?" "Yes
Master" "What did you forget cunt?" "The report Master, the fully detailed
report of how Your cunt felt dressing as a slut to go to work and during trip to
Wal-Mart, not only Your slut's reaction, but the reaction of those around her."
"Do you think this pitiful thing you sent Me this morning fulfills that command
cunt?" "No Master, sorry Master, it does not."


"you think you're sorry now cunt, that is nothing to what you will be when I'm
finished with your punishment. you will immediately sit down and rewrite this
report, you will rewrite it as many times as I say until I am satisfied that you
have given Me a full and complete report. I want to know how many cocks My slut
stared at yesterday, how its dress and actions affected its cunt, what other
people's comments were,
how those affected My slut's mind and cunt. you will hold nothing back. Do I
make Myself perfectly clear cunt what it is that I mean when I say that I want a
detailed report?" "yes Master perfectly clear Master."
"Good, after you have finished what you think is an adequate report, you will
immediately email it to Me. I will be the judge of whether or not it is
adequate. Each time I have to tell you to write it again you will incur further
punishment so I suggest that you do your best the first time. When W/we finally
have a finished report then your punishment will really begin. Dismissed."

With that wetcunt hung up the phone and got to work on a new report of
yesterday's activities, the shame she had felt as the cashier had looked at the
name on the dog tag, the looks that she had gotten as she had tried on the
collars. she even included how retelling the events now was making her cunt wet
again and how ashamed that made her feel. After emailing that report to her
Master, wetcunt got a reply, "Try again cunt, there is nothing here about work
and how being dressed like the slut you are at work made you feel. That's two,
cunt. your Master is counting." wetcunt added more details to the report, how
she could feel her nipples standing at attention all day long, how she could
feel the men at work, in the classes she taught, undressing her, how she felt
naked under their gaze, how that made her cunt drip. Shortly after sending the
revised report again, wetcunt's Master again replied with "Still not good
enough, how many cocks did you look at slut, how many of them were hard because
of My slut's dress or actions. Three now,
cunt. you better get this right soon or you are going to be VERY sorry."

Finally after struggling with remembering how many cocks she had in fact looked
at yesterday and how it had turned her on that those cocks were hard because of
her and struggling with the shame of feeling aroused by acting so slutty,
wetcunt again send another version of the
report to her Master. wetcunt hoped that this one would meet with her Master's
approval and cringed when another email showed up in her inbox. Again all the
email said was "Call Me Now." wetcunt quickly called her Master not sure why her
Master wanted her to call. As she dialed the phone, wetcunt's mind was racing on
whether the last version was good enough or not and what additional punishments
would be in store for her if it still wasn't good enough. After wetcunt said
"hello Master", her Master immediately barked "Be quiet and listen cunt. Four
times, it took you four times to write a decent report that exposed you as the
slut you are to Me and to yourself. Four times, unbelievable. Well W/we will
have to deal with this inability to follow orders in four ways. you are to
gather the following items, once you have them, you are to kneel down with your
legs spread wide so that slut cunt is exposed and beg Me for the punishment that
you deserve. Go collect a spatula, a flip-flop, your leash and the black marker.
Go now." wetcunt scurried around her apartment finding each of the items and
then kneeling down in the middle of her living room, picking up the phone, she
started to say "Master, please punishment wetcunt as she deserves. Please
forgive her for failing to follow Your commands Master." After saying this once
wetcunt waited for a response from her Master and when there was none she
repeated again, "Please Master Your slut begs You to
please punish her for failing so miserably in following Your commands. Please
Master, please, please let wetcunt make this right Master."

"Enough blubbering cunt. you failed in your report four times and you have four
different punishments coming to you. First, you will while on the phone with Me,
so that I can hear each spank, you will use four different instruments to spank
each milkbag and that slut cunt. Ten smacks on each milkbag and on that slut
cunt with each of the following items, ten each with your hand, then ten each
with the spatula, then ten each with the flip flop and a final ten each with
your new leash. If I think any of the strokes are not hard enough, you will be
repeating that stroke and adding 4 more. That will be a minimum of 40 on each
milkbag and 40 on that slut cunt. Do you understand cunt?" "yyyyesss Master i
understand." "Then begin. And remember to count out loud each stroke and wait
for My response as to whether the stroke was adequate or not before proceeding."
wetcunt moved the phone over to her left hand and smacked her right milkbag hard
with her right hand. The sound of the smack filling the room, as wetcunt quickly
said "one" and then waited for her Master's response. "Continue cunt." Moving
her
hand to smack a different area of her right milkbag, wetcunt said "two" after
spanking the underside of her right milkbag. "Continue cunt and don't forget
right on the nipple as well. you must do 2 out of every 10
right on the end of each nipple." Over and over again first with her hand, then
with the spatula and flip-flop wetcunt spanked her tits and cunt until they were
fiery red and each count was more of a groan than a coherent number. As wetcunt
moved to pick up the leash her Master spoke once more "These with the leash will
be different cunt. These will all be right on the end of the nipple cunt and
after each one you will tell Me if you hit right on the end of the nipple or
not. If you miss, you will repeat that stroke until you have ten strokes in a
row right on the end of that nipple. you understand you miss on number ten you
will be starting from number one again." Shaking, her arms tired from the
previous strokes, tears running down her face, sure that she would end up
missing time and time again, wetcunt quietly whispered "yes Master, i
understand." "Speak up cunt, I can't hear you." "Yes," louder this time "i
understand." "Good, now for that cunt, when you do the ten on that cunt, you
will use your left hand to spread those fat cunt lips so that clit is exposed
and you will use that leash directly on your slutty clit. Obviously you will
have to put the phone down for
that. After each stroke, you will report whether you hit directly on the clit
and the same rules apply here as on those nipples cunt. Do you understand?"
Gulping down, wondering how she will ever get through it,
wetcunt responded "yyyess MMMaster, understand." "Before you begin attach that
leash to your collar. Once it is in place, begin."

After hearing the clip as the leash is attached, wetcunt's Master hears a gasp
of pain and then wetcunt moaning "one Master right on the end of the nipple."
Over and over that same gasp of pain until number seven and then only a moan, no
gasp. wetcunt's Master sat waiting wondering if His slut would push herself to
be honest knowing full well that she would have to start over lashing her very
sore nipples with the leash. "Master, number seven missed Master, didn't hit the
end of the nipple, but further up on the tit." "you know what that means cunt,
start again, take smaller swings, it will help the accuracy." wetcunt started
from one again, each gasp of pain further hardening her Master's cock, her
honesty in telling on herself making her Master proud.

After wetcunt had finished using the leash on both of her tits, she again heard
her Master speak. "Take a moment and collect yourself cunt. I will tell you when
to begin again." Listening to her struggling to catch her breath, slow her
tears, wetcunt's Master waited until she had almost composed herself, "Now
finish, put the phone down, spread those fat cunt lips and spank that clit ten
times." This time with each stroke, it was not a gasp of pain that wetcunt's
Master heard but rather a high-pitched squeal with each stroke. A squeal, then
the rattle of the phone, wetcunt counting the stroke and reporting its accurate
placement. When wetcunt had counted ten, her Master
could hear her sobbing over the phone. "go get a drink, you have handled this
part of your punishment well, three more parts to go. After you get your drink,
take the black marker and the phone and get in front of the mirror in your
bathroom."

"Am in the bathroom Master." "Good, now for the next part of your punishment
cunt, on those freshly spanked tits and cunt, you will be wearing further proof
of your disobedience, in four signs that you will be wearing on that slut body.
On that right milkbag you are to write 'forgetful slut', because you did not
remember all of My instructions to you cunt. Start as high as necessary to get
that all on that one milkbag. On the left milkbag write 'disobedient cunt',
because
you disobeyed My instruction to write a full report. On your slut belly, write
'stupid fuckpig' because it took you four times to write a decent report and on
your cunt write 'sorry cumrag' because I'm sure that is how you are feeling
now." wetcunt's hand trembled as she wrote each of the humiliating signs,
struggling to write them while looking in the mirror. "Are you finished cunt?"
"yes Master, am finished." "How do they look? Can you read them?" "yes Master,
they can be clearly read." "And how does it make you feel to be wearing these
signs cunt, to know that you have been a disobedient, sorry, forgetful cunt who
couldn't write a decent report as instructed." "so ashamed Master, wetcunt is so
sorry Master." "Does this humiliation make My slut's cunt wet? Reach down and
slop your face cunt with the cuntsnot from that sloppy hole. I want that face
shiny with cuntjuice before the next part of your punishment."

After wetcunt had liberally covered her face with the cuntsnot dripping for her
cunt, she told her Master that her slut face was slopped. "Last two parts of
your punishment cunt. Go over to your computer, turn
it on and turn on the web cam. you will follow Me to four different rooms at
each room you will do the following. you will allow all in the room to view your
cam, you will announce to the room that you have been
a disobedient cunt and you are here as part of your punishment. As I direct you,
you will scan your slut body so that each sign of your disobedience can be seen
by all who wish to view your degradation. Then
you will turn on your mike and read to each room your completed report. After
doing that and listening for comments for the other members of each room, you
will position your camera so that it is pointed at your
slut clit and you will finger yourself to the point of slopping and then stop.
you are NOT allowed to slop. Understand cunt." "yes Master, wetcunt
understands." "Then after W/we have visited 4 rooms and you have been further
humiliated by having to read your report of what a slut you are 4 times and then
demonstrating to each room what a slut you are 4 times, your punishment will be
complete. Hang up until then."

wetcunt quickly turned on both her computer and the web cam, her cunt dripping
with the thought of the upcoming humiliation. she followed her Master from room
to room announcing to each room what a disobedient slut she had been, showing
100's of people the signs on her slut body, 100's of people seeing her tits, her
cunt, hearing what a slut she was as she shopped for her collar and name tag,
seeing her dripping wet cunt as she brought herself to the brink of slopping
before them. wetcunt groaned in shame as she heard and saw the people's
responses to her humiliation, telling her what a huge slut she was, how well her
dog tag described her, how they hoped she had learned her lesson to not be a
forgetful, sorry slut. After bringing herself to the brink of slopping in the
fourth room, wetcunt saw a private message from her
Master, "Sign off and call Me."

wetcunt quickly signed off and called her Master, her voice ragged from arousal
when she said hello. "you did well with your punishments cunt, but do you
understand why you were punished as you were?" "yes and no Master. i know that i
forgot some of Your instructions which i should never do, but about the
reporting, don't quite understand that Master." "What is your job cunt?" "To
please You Master." "you pleased Me greatly by enduring your punishment, by
telling on yourself when you missed with the leash, but also what gives Me great
pleasure is seeing your humiliation, seeing it through your eyes, to write a
report like you did robs Me of that pleasure. It also robs Me of the knowledge
that I need to further train you to be the fuckpig that you WANT to be, that you
NEED to be. Do you understand cunt?" her head bowed, finally getting it, "yes
Master, i understand." "Good, now because you bore your punishment so well cunt,
you will be allowed to slop. you will play with your clit until you slop like
the slut you are, then take that cuntsnot and rub it all over your slut body.
After you have slopped, you are to hang up and go directly to bed. you may NOT
clean up the cuntsnot from your slut body, you may NOT clean up the markings
from your slut body, you are to wear them until tomorrow morning, at which time
I want a full report of how looking at them the next day makes you feel slut,
how knowing that 100's of people know what a slut you are makes you feel cunt,
how wondering if the men at work, in your
class saw your humiliation and degradation last night makes you feel cunt. you
will write that report wearing your own cuntsnot, wearing your markings and you
will not be allowed to clean up until after you
have received a reply from Me telling you that your report was adequate, but I'm
sure that after your lesson today, the report will be right the first time.
Won't it cunt?" "Yes Master."




Chapter 3 -- Properly Equipped slut

A couple of days after wetcunt's punishment for her poor reporting skills, she
received an email from her Master. It said, "your reporting skills are much
improved cunt, as I was sure that the punishment you received would accomplish.
Now with your improved reporting skills, you will write for Me a detailed report
on how often you have masturbated, what toys you have used, where you have
masturbated, in front of whom have you masturbated, how many sex partners you
have had, everything about your former sex life. I want to know full details,
how it made you feel to masturbate in front of others if you did, how it makes
you feel telling Me this information. I want this report by the end of the day.
Get writing cunt."

With that wetcunt started writing more embarrassed by her lack of sexual
partners and toys that almost anything else. she described how she almost daily
used to masturbate in secret so her ex-husband wouldn't know, the images that
would play in her head while she masturbated using her fingers, images of her
being used by a controlling, dominant man, images of the humiliating acts that
He would have her perform, how she occasionally would masturbate in front of him
using a vibrator, the only toy she owned, how embarrassed she was when she did
it. The staid extent of her sex life left wetcunt feeling very lacking, her
extensive fantasy life left wetcunt feeling humiliated and wet as the images
replayed in her head as she reported them to her Master. All of her sexual
experiences wetcunt poured into that report, baring her soul to her Master. When
she could not think of another thing, wetcunt sent the email to her Master and
anxiously awaited His reply.

Finally a reply came "Oh cunt, W/we have sooooo much work to do. First, to start
with you are NOT to touch that cunt again unless I give your specific
instructions to do so. No more finger fucking that cunt and clit like the horny
slut that you are unless I allow it. you will learn to control that slut cunt or
you WILL be sorry. Slopping without permission will bring a much more severe
punishment than the one your miserable writing skills brought you. The only time
you may touch that cunt is to take your cuntsnot out of that sloppy hole and rub
it all over your fuck face and slut body. Other than that you ARE NOT to touch
that cunt.

Second, a slut like you should have many more toys at its disposable for her
Master's use. That means you are to start stocking up, but you may NOT buy these
toys from online. To get these toys, you will have to go down to the local adult
toys shop and pick them up. Over the next few weeks, you are to purchase the
following items in the order that I am mentioning them. If you can afford to get
all of them at once, so much the better, the cashier will know what a huge slut
you are if you buy all these toys at once. If not, you and the cashier will get
to see each other often until this list is complete. you will send me the name
and phone number of the local adult toy store that you purchase these items from
and you are NOT allowed to choose a different store or go at a different time
each time. you ARE to go to the same store each time you go get your slut toys,
cunt and as much as possible have the same cashier.

First, purchase 2 dildo's black in color, one 6 inches long, the other 8 inches
long, also they should be different thicknesses, the 8 inch being at least 4
inches around. Next, get a set of shithole plugs, small, medium and then large.
W/we will work up to extra-large later. Bet your slut cunt is dripping thinking
about having an extra large cock in that shithole. After that, you are to
purchase a variety of vibrators 2 or 3 different shapes, different colors; I
don't care as long as are multi-speed vibrators. The next is some clamps for
those milkbags, get a couple of pairs and also ask if they stock simple
clothespins. Remember, you ARE to ask for the clothespins. I don't think they
will carry them, but you are to ask. Next some toys to train those cunt muscles
get a set of benwa balls and a set of duotone balls. Then some floggers to flog
that slut body purchase 2 floggers, one smaller for getting in close to whip
that cunt and one larger to whip those huge milkbags that you haul around. On
the same trip as you get the floggers; you are also to get some cuffs, two pair
for your wrists and 2 pair for your ankles. Make sure that the cuffs have rings
on them, so that they may be attached to either each other or posts that I may
choose to use. On the last trip to the store, you will purchase 3 items. One is
a blindfold the other 2 items are to be a remote control venus butterfly, with
the remote not attached by a wire and a remote control vibrating egg, again
without wires attached.

you are to do this shopping dressed like the slut you are, cunt. Each time you
go, you are to be wearing a sheer silk shirt, with NO milkbag holders. I want
those milkbags flopping around. The shirt should be unbuttoned so that when you
bend over to get your slut toys from the shelves, that those slut tits can be
clearly seen. Next, you are to wear one of your modified slut skirts, thigh
highs and at least a 4-inch heel. For the first trip I will allow you to wear
your slut cuntpit covers, but you are NOT to wear them on any subsequent trips.
That cunt will be bare and exposed. Also because I want to make sure that My
slut is safe, you are to make these shopping trips during the day when there is
plenty of light, but of course that will also mean that the good people who are
going to work or going shopping nearby will see My slut as she makes her trek to
get her slut equipment.

Each time before you go to the slut store, you are to tell Me in advance cunt. I
want to know the approximate time of each trip. I will be calling each time.
After the first trip, you are to carry with you on each subsequent trip the
8-inch dildo. On the first trip My cunt makes to the store, you will tell the
cashier that your Master will be calling to check up on you as you become a
properly equipped slut. you will stand by the cashier as We carry on our
conversation and if He says that you are in anyway lacking in slut appearance or
disobedient in order of purchases or attire, you will be demonstrating its use
as you fuck yourself with it in front of the cashier and anyone else who happens
to be there and wants to watch My slut perform. If this becomes necessary, be
aware cunt that you WILL make yourself slop in front of total strangers as part
of your punishment.

I send this all as an email so that you can save it cunt as I don't want you to
spread your finances to thin or forget what equipment I want My slut to have.
After reading this email, slop that fuck face with cunt juice and then call Me."

wetcunt sat there shaking, her cunt dripping thinking of the humiliation she
would endure getting properly equipped. After liberally slopping her fuck face
with cuntsnot, she called her Master. "Thoughts, comments cunt? What does this
assignment do to that sloppy cunt?" "Am nervous Master, nervous but the thought
of getting my slut equipment also has my cunt dripping wildly." "you will be
fine cunt. Are you clear on the instructions cunt? Repeat them back to Me so
that I'm sure that My slut is clear, wouldn't want you forgetting anything
again. Right cunt?" "yes Master, first get name and number of shop." "of what
cunt? where are you going cunt? Isn't it to the slut shop?" "Yes Master, get
name and number of slut equipping shop to You day before Your cunt goes shopping
along with approximate time of shopping trip. Trip must be during day and must
tell cashier that You will be calling to check up on Your slut." "Yes tell the
cashier exactly like that, that your Master is going to be calling to check up
on His forgetful slut. Also print out the email that I send you, cunt and on the
first visit show it to the cashier, after you have told Him that you are a slut
in training, let Him read it and then have Him point out where the items are to
be found. you are to get one item, bring it back to the counter and then get the
next item, as many as you can afford each trip. Also each trip, you are not
allowed to check out, you must stand by the counter with your slut equipment out
for all to see until after I call and check that you have gotten the correct
items. Do you understand cunt?" Groaning, knowing how hard that will be for her,
wetcunt finally answers "yes Master." "good, have the name and number of the
slut equipping shop to Me by tomorrow. The first trip will be the day after."
"Yes Master," wetcunt replied, really wishing that she could have put it off
longer. "dismissed cunt." and with that her Master hung up.

wetcunt scoured the yellow pages for suitable slut equipping shops, but she
could not find too many to choose from. she definitely didn't want to go to the
one closest to her house, but the other two were in real sleazy neighborhoods
where she wouldn't feel safe even during the daytime. Finally she decided on the
one closest to her house and just hoped that none of her neighbors saw her going
in there. she emailed her Master the name and number and because of her work
schedule chooses to go shopping at about 2 in the afternoon. After working until
noon, wetcunt went home and changed into the slut attire that her Master had
commanded. After printing off a copy of the email, she swallowed hard and walked
out to her car, purse and email in hand.

Upon arriving at the slut equipping shop, she feverishly looked around for
anyone she knew and then darted from her car to the shop's door after locking
her car.  Once inside, after her eyes had adjusted to the dim light, wetcunt
walked up to the cashier and waited to get His attention. Finally having to say
"Excuse me Sir. Can You help me please?" "What do you want?" Stammering, opening
her mouth a number of times to try to explain with no sound coming out, wetcunt
finally starting to explain after seeing a look of anger and impatience come
across the cashier's face. "my Master has sent me to get properly equipped like
a good slut should be. i am to tell You that i am a slut in training, to show
You this email that has the list of equipment that my Master wants His slut to
have and to also let You know that my Master will be calling to check up on His
forgetful slut." After getting all that out in one breathe, wetcunt's struggled
to catch her breath as her heart pounded and her face burned in humiliation.

"Well, let Me see the list slut." Handing the cashier the list, eyes focused
intently on the floor, wishing she could sink right through it, wetcunt waited
for the cashier to read it. "Seems I will be seeing a lot of you unless you have
the money for all of this today. Do you slut?" "Nnno Sir, i only have the money
for the first few items, well depending on how much each one costs." "How much
do you have slut?" "Have about 50 dollars or so to spend this time Sir." "Okay
W/we will see what slut equipment you can get for that. So what item is first?"
And with that wetcunt started to ask where to find the first few items on the
list, going and getting each one, making sure to bend from the waist as she knew
her Master expected, feeling completely naked in front of this total stranger,
then bringing them back and asking where to find the next item. With each item
that wetcunt brought back, the cashier would subtotal the amount and let her
know how much more she could spend. Finally the cashier said, "That's 49 dollars
with tax slut," and He marked off the items from wetcunt's list. "Two dildos,
set of shithole plugs and one vibrator. Guess now all W/we have to do is wait."

wetcunt stood next to the counter as one customer after another came up with
videos or magazines, each one looking at the pile of slut toys there, then
looking at her. Finally after what seemed like an eternity wetcunt's Master
called and wetcunt's face burned from standing listening to the cashier's part
of the conversation. "Yes, she's dressed like a proper slut. Yes, she told Me
she was Your slut in training. Yes, her milkbags flopped just like a slut's
should. Yes her ass cheeks were exposed when she bend over, just the floss
showing. So far, the dildos,  shithole plugs and one vibrator. Oh, He wants to
talk with you slut." With that the cashier handed wetcunt the phone. "You have
done well slut, I'm proud of you. For that reason you will get to use one of
those new toys today. Once you get in the car, you are to go to take the 8-inch
dildo and fuck yourself with it until you slop. Once you have slopped, you are
to wipe that cuntjuice all over your face and tits, yes unbutton your blouse if
necessary. Once you have done that, you will drive home with that dildo in your
cunt. Now thank the man for His help and pay Him for your slut toys." "yes
Master, Thank You Master."

Each week after payday wetcunt made a trip back to the slut equipping shop. Each
week she trekked back and forth between the counter and the shelves bringing
back one item at a time. Each week she stood her face burning, her cunt dripping
as the cashier and her Master carried on Their phone conversation. "Yes dressed
like proper slut. Yes nothing but bare cunt this time. Yes has the 8-inch dildo
in her purse." Each week being allowed to fuck herself to slopping once in the
car with that dildo,  until she was down to the last 3 items, the blindfold, and
the remote control venus butterfly and egg.

Prior to the last trip, wetcunt sent her normal email indicating the time that
she would be making her shopping trip. Unlike times in that past, she received a
reply. "This trip will be different wetcunt. On this your last trip for a while
to slut equipping shop, you will thank the cashier in a different way than you
have in the past. Up to now, you have just had to look at Him and say thank you,
but this time you will be demonstrating the items that you are purchasing today.
After you have gotten the blindfold and remote control butterfly and egg, you
are to put batteries into each of the remote control items, lift your skirt and
put them in place, placing the remote control on the counter, then you are to
put the blindfold in place and say to the cashier, "Please allow this slut to
demonstrate these toys as a way to thank you for all of the help you have been
the last few weeks in this slut's training." Call now with questions, comments,
concerns."

wetcunt could not believe her eyes, her thoughts started to race. she knew this
was not out of bounds, but the thought of doing this petrified her. she quickly
dialed her Master's number and on the second ring heard her Master's voice.
"Before you freak out cunt, please follow some logic with Me. If after I have
said what I have to say, you are still overwhelmed the floor will be open for
discussion. First, has it not occurred to you as you have gone to the slut
equipping shop week after week for the last month or so that the cashier is a
fellow player in BDSM? Just want a simple yes or no at this point cunt. I will
allow you to talk later. So yes or no has it occurred to you cunt?" "yes
Master." "Good, now do you think that had He wanted to He could have raped you
or hurt you at any time during the last month or so? yes or no?" " Yes Master."
"Good, now the most important thing, did I not tell you over and over that I
will never put you in a position in which you will not be safe? yes or no" "Yes
Master." "So given all that, do you not know that you will be safe even in this?
Again a simple yes or no at this point cunt, nothing more." "yes Master" slowly
wetcunt said. "I know this is a stretch, I know that you will be humiliated, but
you will be safe and you HAVE to get used to slopping in front of others. I am
asking you to trust Me cunt. Remember you have your safe word and are allowed to
use it. Now the floor is open."

wetcunt stood there shaking, the phone rattling in her hands trying to figure
out if she could do this or not. "Mmmaster have one question please." "Speak
freely cunt." "Can i safe word even while in the slut equipping shop, Master? If
i try and i just can't." "Yes cunt, you can, it will be honored. He knows your
safe word." "Thank You Master. wetcunt will trust You Master." "I am very proud
of you wetcunt, very proud." The rest of the conversation was filled with small
talk and reassurances from her Master and when wetcunt put the phone down she
felt much better. All night long she thought of the trip to the slut equipping
shop, hoped that she would be able to complete the task that her Master had set
for her.

The day of the trip, wetcunt dressed slowly, her heart racing, wanting with
everything that was in her to back out. Forcing herself out to the car, she
drove toward the slut equipping shop, afraid her heart would leap from her chest
before she got there. On arriving at the shop, wetcunt sat in the parking lot
for a moment to collect herself and then squared her shoulders and walked
inside. "Last trip for a while huh slut?" "Yes Sir." "What is your safe word
slut?" "Red Sir" "Good now to get the items that you lack." With that wetcunt
got first the blindfold and then the two remote control toys. After placing all
of them on the counter, wetcunt took two packages of batteries out of her purse
and loaded each of the remote control units. she quickly put the control units
on the counter and stopped to catch her breath. Then slowly, her face to the
floor, wetcunt slowly hiked up her slut skirt and put the egg into her dripping
cunt and positioned the venus butterfly over her clit. Quickly she reached for
the blindfold to hide her face, her shame when the cashier said "Stop. Look at
Me first slut." Groaning, wetcunt slowly lifted her eyes from the floor, saw the
cashier's raging hard-on as her eyes moved up to His face. "It will be a
pleasure to see you slop like the slut you are cunt. Now you may put on the
blindfold."

Once the blindfold was in place all wetcunt could focus on was the stimulation
of her cunt, her clit. her moans of pleasure were soon echoing off of the walls.
Gasping, groaning, straining up on the tips of her toes for more pressure,
wetcunt felt a violent orgasm rip through her, almost knocking her off her feet.
Just as she was about to fall under the strength of her cumming, she felt a pair
of hands holding her up and heard a whisper in her ear "I am right here cunt, I
have been here all the time. Every time you have been here I have been here."




Chapter 4 -- Control, control you must learn control

The day after wetcunt's first trip to the slut equipping shop, she received an
email for her Master. "It is time to start training those holes slut. Train them
to accommodate your Master's cock when He wishes to use your mouth cunt, slop
hole or shithole. So you will start using those toys that you purchased the
other day to prepare each hole for your Master's use."


"First every day you will use the 6-inch dildo to prepare that mouth cunt to
hold and suck your Master's cum from His cock. By the time I am done training
that mouth cunt of yours, it will be able to serve any size cock. So twice a day
for a half hour at a time you will practice cock sucking like a good slut
should. That means loudly, with passion, with desire, slobbering all over that
fake cock until you are good enough to earn the right to have a real cock in
your mouth cunt. I want you to be drooling at the mere thought of getting to
suck your Master's cock. I want you humping the air like a bitch in heat for the
chance to lick the pre-cum from Master's pisshole. you will become My good
little cocksucker. Am sure you are humping the air, dripping like the greedy
slut you are just from being called a cocksucker. Stop reading right now cunt
and slop your face. Make sure you shove that cuntsnot way up your nostrils slut.
Smell what a greedy slut you're becoming. Toward that end until you are humping
the air like a greedy bitch in heat from just the feel of cock in your mouth
cunt, you will finger that clit until My fuckpig is about to slop and then you
will stop. I WILL KNOW if you let yourself slop and you WILL NOT like the
results. after each time of almost slopping wait a couple of minutes, wipe that
excess cuntsnot all over your fuck face and start again. Continually bringing
yourself to the point of slopping for each entire half hour. you will learn to
control not only your gag reflex slut, but also that craving cunt of yours."

"Next go to a drug store and get two items and only two items. you are to pick
up K-Y jelly and a shithole cleaner (enema bag kit). As you pay for those two
items, you are to say to the cashier that getting fucked up the ass just isn't
right without a good cleaning and a good lubricant. Make sure you go to a male
cashier slut and dress in proper slut attire. I will be checking to make sure
you have these items by tomorrow and will want a report of My slut's feelings,
reactions, cashier's reactions, etc."

"For today, you will practice holding that 6-inch dildo tight in your cunt,
milking Master's cum from it when He finally decides to use that cunt of yours.
For a half hour today and then every other day after that, you will practice
milking Master's cock, holding it tight in that sloppy hole of yours. you are
NOT allowed to slop while milking Master's cock. you will learn to control not
only the muscle tone in that sloppy cunt, but also when it slops. The punishment
for slopping without permission is a humiliation that I PROMISE you that you
will not enjoy slut."

"Tomorrow you will start controlling that shithole. First in cleaning that
shithole, with increasing amounts of water held for longer and longer. Start out
with one quart held for a minute and you will work up to 4 quarts held for 5
minutes. Then when it is filled with fake cock, milking the cock that is in your
shithole, trying to milk Master's cum out of it, you will be controlling that
leaking dripping cunt, because W/we both know what a shithole slut you are cunt.
Slopping just from a hard cock pounding away at your shithole. Again you are NOT
allowed to slop while doing either of your daily cock milking practices, whether
you're milking cock with your sloppy cunt or greedy shithole."

"Now that you have your slut toys, you training to please your Master can really
begin in earnest. you will learn to control that craving cunt, as I will take
great pleasure taking you to the point of slopping and holding you there time
and time again. So you better get used to it cunt. Slop your face one more time
before closing this email and where that cuntsnot for the rest of the day. Enjoy
your day cunt."

After closing the email, wetcunt went and got the 6-inch dildo to do her first
cocksucking practice. she knew that she had a fairly strong gag reflex and
wondered how she would ever get over it. As she got a bucket to hold near her in
case of too much gagging, she could hear her Master's voice over and over again
in her head telling her what a good little cocksucker she had become and she
could see herself kneeling before Him bathing His cock with her mouth, drool
running down her chin, humping the air as she tried desperately to suck the cum
from her Master's cock as if her very life depended on it, so hungry for His cum
that she was groaning with that hunger as she fucked her mouth with His cock.
That thought, of being such a good cocksucker, of pleasing her Master that way,
had wetcunt trying time after time as she gagged and almost retched into the
bucket. Trying first to hold the cock in her mouth, feeling it stretch. Then
trying to take the cock deeper and deeper into her mouth. Finally trying to
learn some technique, how to stroke her Master's cock wit her tongue, where it
would be most pleasurable to Him. Each time she practiced, she stroked her clit,
at first the gagging slowing the mounting arousal, but eventually the feel of
cock in wetcunt's mouth had her humping the air in search of relieve. The need
for cock had gotten so bad that wetcunt couldn't play with her clit anymore, she
knew she would slop if she even touched her cunt.

wetcunt wrote her report on how she went to a drug store dressed like a total
slut, short skirt, thigh high hose, tank top with no milkbag holder so her
milkbags were flopping around as she walked and a pair of 4-inch heels. she
wrote how she could feel the other patrons eyes on her as she walked, how her
face burned as she took the enema bag and K-Y jelly up to the cash register, as
she stood in line waiting for her turn at the register quietly wishing that some
child would get in line so she wouldn't have to say what she had been ordered to
say to the cashier. Inwardly groaning when it was her turn to check out and as
she placed the items on the counter, the cashier blushed knowing full well what
they were for. When she finally caught the cashier's eye as he was telling her
the total she responded as her Master had commanded, "Ass fucking just isn't
right without a good cleaning and a good lubricant." It was hard to say who was
blushing worse by the time she had finished paying for her items.

wetcunt daily trained either her slophole or her shithole learning how to milk
the cum from her Master's cock. The only times that she was allowed to slop was
in the parking lot after her weekly trip to the slut equipping shop and that had
come to an end two weeks ago. Each day as she trained she became more and more
aroused, greedier and greedier until the need in her cunt was keeping her awake
at night and every solid object she saw was something she wanted to hump to
relieve the mounting pressure. Every day the podium she taught from looked more
and more inviting, biting her lips and groaning from the desire to hump its
posts until she slopped. Night after night, she tossed and turned on her bed,
humping the air, sometimes just the movement of air in her room driving her
crazy. wetcunt's control over her gag reflex, her control while holding the
enema was growing every day, but her control over the craving, grinding need of
her cunt was slipping bit by bit. Until one day after class, after an extended
chat with her Master, where He had her play with her clit while sitting in the
back of her classroom, dubbing her teacher slut, then having her repeatedly slop
her face with the liberally dripping cuntsnot, wetcunt's control broke and she
started humping the edge of her podium until a violent orgasm rocked through
her, causing her to grind harshly into the edge of the podium.

After she caught her breath, all she could think was "Oh my god, what have i
done? How will i ever tell Him? What kind of slut have i become that i am
humping a podium at work? What if someone had come in, what if someone had seen
me? What will Master do to me?" wetcunt knew Master would be more displeased and
the punishment worse if she didn't tell Him what she had done, if He found out
by Himself. Knowing that she deserved whatever punishment she was going to get,
she slowly made her way to the computer to send her Master an email. All it said
was, "Master, i need to speak with You, please." wetcunt checked her email time
and again before leaving from work, anxious for a reply, anxious for her Master
to know what she had done, anxious to get her punishment out of the way. Almost
wondering if her Master already knew what had happened and was deliberately not
responding to heighten wetcunt's tension.

As soon as she arrived home, wetcunt checked her mail and there was a response
from her Master. "Call Me Now," was His reply. "What is it cunt?" her Master's
immediate response when He answered the phone. Now hearing His voice, knowing
how angry and disappointed He would be wetcunt couldn't find the words to start.
"Speak cunt," her Master barked. wetcunt stammered through explaining what she
had done, how she had been such a greedy slut that she had humped herself to
slopping on her teaching podium, how she had done so without permission, how
sorry she was. "Not as sorry as you're going to be cunt. you know that you have
earned a huge punishment don't you slut?" "Yes Master." "What have W/we been
working on for the last few months cunt?" "control," wetcunt whispered. "Louder
cunt, what have W/we been working on the last few months?" "Control Master." "So
after months of lessons on control, My greedy slut has no more control than to
hump a post like a bitch in heat. Is that what you are telling Me slut?"
wetcunt's face was covered with tears, her head hanging low as she said, "yes
Master." "Well, I will have to think of a fitting punishment, one designed to
fit the crime. your only saving grace is that you told Me yourself rather than
Me finding out on My own. That bought you some leniency, but not much, not after
months of working on this very topic. I might even make you come up with the
punishment. I will have to think about it. I am very disappointed cunt, very
disappointed indeed at your utter lack of control. I will take the night to
think about it, as will you. In the morning you will explain exactly why your
lack of control is such a grievous shortcoming and why control is so important
in a slut's life. Dismissed."

wetcunt heard the click as her Master hung up the phone. her heart breaking for
disappointing Him, for having so little control as to fail in the very area that
T/they had been working so hard on. As wetcunt tossed and turned on her bed that
night unable to sleep one thought kept playing over and over again in her head,
the voice of Yoda as he instructed Luke Skywalker "Control, control, you must
learn control."




Chapter 5 -- A Fitting Punishment

wetcunt tossed and turned all night, her mind racing over the upcoming
punishment, the need for control. Finally about 4 AM, wetcunt gave up trying to
get any sleep and decided to start working on the email about control. she wrote
about the need for control from both sides, on the side of the Master to keep
the scene from going to far, on the side of the slut so that she would obey her
Master. As wetcunt wrote she realized what a fundamental cornerstone she had
violated with her lack of self-control, a thought that she also included in her
email about control. When she couldn't think of anything else to add, she mailed
it to her Master and waited for His response, hoping that her email would cause
some of His anger and disappointment to diminish. wetcunt waited on pins and
needles for her Master's reply and when it came it was longer than she thought.

"you have raised some valid points about control cunt, but you are missing one
of the most important and that is a slopping withheld, is a slopping
intensified. The longer I make you wait to slop fuckpig, the harder you will
slop when I finally let you, until it will be so intense that sluts at times
actually pass out from the strength of withheld sloppings. "

"To My recollection it has been 10 weeks that W/we have been working on the
issue of self-control cunt. So the number ten will figure prominently in your
punishment cunt. First, you are to buy the following items and are to have them
ready by 10 this evening. As you can't seem to keep from humping posts, then a
post humping fuckpig is what you will be. you are to get a pig nose and ears and
some pink yarn from which  you will make a 10-inch long pigs tails. I want a
braided tail that will hang 10 inches when attached to the medium size shithole
plug. At 10 o'clock this evening, you are to be wearing the pig nose and ears
and have the pigtail in your shithole. you will be waiting on your hands and
knees like a proper fuckpig should. But as you haven't been a proper fuckpig,
you will be marked as the greedy fuckpig you are. On your milkbags you will have
written greedy, uncontrolled fuckpig. Write that statement over and over
covering your milkbags, belly, cunt and ass. At precisely 10 o'clock you are to
cum online and join me in what ever room I am in."

"Once in the room, you will turn on your web cam, with will be situated so that
every one in the room can see My naughty fuckpig. Next to you will be the leg of
the chair that you normally get to sit in when online, it will be your humping
post. you will have the camera so that My greedy uncontrolled fuckpig and its
post can be seen and as much of your fuckpig tail, nose and ears as well. As you
don't seem to mind for people at work to see you humping a post at work, your
normal limit of not showing your face is out for this punishment. I suggest you
make up your fuckpig face in such a way as to be less recognizable, very heavy
slut makeup should help and should drip nicely when My fuckpig starts sweating
like a good fuckpig should."

"W/we will be visiting 10 different rooms and in each room I will announce the
punishment of My uncontrolled fuckpig. you will not need to type, but you will
have your voice activated so each room can not only see My fuckpig, but hear its
grunts and oinks as in each room W/we visit it humps its post until its slops on
it. After slopping in each room, you will lick the post clean like a good little
fuckpig should. Then I will find a new room and W/we will start again. By the
time the night is finished, your cunt will be so sore; you will never touch it
again without permission. you will never hump another post without permission.
you wanted to slop, well you will slop over and over again until your cunt is
raw."

"But that is only part of your punishment cunt. The rest of your punishment will
be to wear that pig-tailed shithole plug to work for 10 straight days. you will
teach each class with your shithole plugged. you are NOT allowed to wear pants
on any of those days, so you will have to find a way to one make sure that
shithole plug stays in and two that your fuckpig tail doesn't show. you don't
seem to mind being a fuckpig at work humping your podium, well this should be a
little reminder who is actually in control of you fuckpig. As I know that you
can't seem to piss with the shithole plug in, you will be allowed to take it out
3 times at work to go piss, but you are not allowed to bring any additional
lubricant to work with you. you will have to reinsert your fuckpig tail dry each
time you take it out, unless you wish to wet it with your mouthcunt."

"The last part of your punishment will depend entirely on your performance
tonight. your performance will determine whether you have to sit online with me
for an hour a day for the next 10 days and not be able to say a word to Me or
not. The level of your performance will determine not only if that part of the
punishment is necessary to further teach you control, but also how many days are
necessary. The better the performance, the less time this part of the punishment
will last. If this part of the punishment has to take place, your only
communication with Me for that period of time will be via email, with your daily
reports on how being a proper fuckpig at work is affecting My slut, but also
what time I want you online to sit and feel your Master's silent disappointment.
No calls, no other emails, no IM's nothing for that period of time, until you
learn who is in control."

wetcunt read the email and sobbed, trying to figure out which part would be
worse. Knowing full well she deserved this punishment. The thought of not being
allowed to speak to her Master for days at a time seemed far worse than anything
else. The orgasm of the other day was definitely costing her far more than it
had been worth at the time. Bowing her head, she dried her eyes and went to work
planning to go at lunch to a local costume shop and a craft store. As she did
her shopping at lunch, wetcunt's insides quaked with the thought of the number
of people who would see her tonight. she shuddered with shame at the thought of
wearing a pig's ears, nose and tail and for being such a greedy uncontrolled
fuckpig. All day long as she taught, her mind wandered to the night's events.
she wondered how much sleep she would get tonight after no sleep the previous
night. The number 10 echoing in her mind, ten different rooms, having to hump to
slopping ten times.

After work, wetcunt went home and quickly got to work on braiding the 10-inch
pigtail. After making sure it was 10 inches long after she tied it in place to
the shithole plug, she did a quick cleaning and started putting on makeup.
wetcunt made her makeup much darker and heavier than normal in an attempt to
disguise her appearance. she shuddered again knowing how much sessions with her
Master made her sweat, knowing her makeup would run all down her face and how
awful she would look by the time the night was finished. wetcunt's humiliation
was growing with each passing second and the punishment hadn't even started yet.
By 9:30, wetcunt had finished with her makeup, shithole cleaning and had placed
the pig-tailed shithole plug firmly in her shithole. Putting on the pig snout
and ears, wetcunt moved toward her computer. An email from Master had arrived,
stating that she was to hump her clit against the post just like she had at
work, only her pig-tailed shithole was also to be slammed up against the post as
well. Master also wanted to see His fuckpig's milkbags swinging wildly as it
humped its post to slopping.


At ten o'clock sharp wetcunt went online after checking to make sure both her
camera and voice was working. she set the voice to hands-free talking and found
her Master in a room called "cunts to humiliate and abuse". As wetcunt entered
the room, she noticed that there were 50 people in this room. Immediately after
wetcunt entered her Master announced that she had been a greedy uncontrolled
fuckpig and she was going to be showing everyone what happens to a fuckpig that
can't control itself. As soon as her Master has said that, He continued by
saying,  "Before you start fuckpig, show everyone what My disobedient fuckpig is
wearing." wetcunt's face burned and tears started to form in her eyes from the
comments about the pig snout, ears and tail and the markings that she was
wearing. After those in the room who wanted to comment did, wetcunt's Master
said "Begin fuckpig," and wetcunt started to hump its post, pressing its
shithole hard against the post, slamming her clit against the post, oinking as
it humped. Whistles, cheers and jeers filled the room. Comments like "look at
those flopping milkbags" "go fuckpig go, hump that post" poured from wetcunt's
speakers as she humped the post. Finally slopping all over the post, sweat
pouring down her face, streaking her slut makeup, wetcunt knelt there shaking.
"Clean up your post fuckpig and then join Me in the next room." wetcunt turned
and lapped her cuntsnot from the leg of the chair and clicked to follow her
Master to the next room.

Each room seemed to have more people and it took more time for wetcunt to slop.
Each time the fuckpig's cunt grew redder and redder, more and more sore until,
the only thoughts in the fuckpig's mind was how sore its cunt was, how many more
rooms were there to go, and how it wished it had never humped itself to slopping
at work. Finally Master said, "Last room cunt and then My fuckpig can rest."
Getting into position one last time, groaning from just the brush of her cunt
against the post, tears streaming down wetcunt's face, wetcunt reached up and
quickly typed, "am soo sorry Master." "I know you are cunt. Think you will have
learned your lesson. you will hump the post for 10 minutes in this room, if
after that time you haven't slopped, your punishment will include 10 days of no
communication with Me. If in that time you do slop, the number of minutes it
takes will be taken off of the number of days of no communication. Take a drink
cunt and then W/we will go into the last room." Quickly taking a drink, wetcunt
positioned her clit and shithole to try to slop as quickly as possible in the
next ten minutes. As soon as her Master said to begin wetcunt worked her clit
and shithole hard on the post, ignoring the pain in her cunt, trying desperately
to slop once more so that she would be able to talk with her Master. After about
6 minutes, wetcunt slopped violently against the post one last time, her cunt
screaming at her to stop. "Well done cunt. Only 6 days of limited communication.
After you lick your post clean, get a cold washcloth with some ice in it, put it
on your cunt and then go to bed cunt, clean up in the morning. Remember 10 days
with the pig-tailed shithole plug, daily reports and 6 days of sitting silently
in a room with Me."

wetcunt turned one last time and licked her post clean, iced down her fiery red
cunt and fell into bed. she scrubbed on the markings the next morning, but
couldn't get them entirely off. her shithole was sore from wearing the plug all
night and she moaned loudly as she re-inserted it after her shower. she sent her
daily report, put on a skirt that wouldn't show the tail and went to work. The
whole day, wetcunt's mind was torn between her sore cunt and the feeling that
everyone could tell that her shithole was plugged and could see her fuckpig's
tail. Time and again, she had to shake herself to concentrate on the class she
was teaching. Each time she took the shithole plug out to piss, she ended up
having to wet it in her mouth to be able to reinsert it. she sent a daily report
to her Master about last night's events, how teaching with a shithole plug was
affecting her mind, her cunt. Right before the end of the day, she received a
reply from her Master, "Take the shithole plug out until tomorrow, cunt. Meet Me
online at 7 sharp in "cunts to humiliate and abuse. After our hour online with
Me, you are to go straight to bed cunt and get some rest."

At 7, wetcunt signed on and quickly moved to the room and asked if she could
enter. her Master immediately replied "enter cunt crawl to the corner and put
your nose down on the floor right at the corner so that whole room can see your
red cunt and ass until I dismiss you." wetcunt typed that she quietly crawled
into the room with her head bowed, her nose down in the corner of the room, her
sore cunt and ass up in the air for all to see. Then wetcunt had to just sit at
her computer keyboard for the next hour, seeing her Master talking with others,
hearing comments about His punishment of her and not being able to "say" a
thing. Promptly at 8 wetcunt's Master typed dismissed and wetcunt signed off.

Each night for the next 5 nights, different times, different rooms, wetcunt
knelt with her nose in the corner and her ass and cunt open for the room to see
as she watched her Master talk, but not with her. Each day she sent her daily
report and received a short email with time and place to be, but nothing else.
When day 7 arrived, wetcunt went to write her daily report when an email arrived
saying "Call Me." wetcunt hurried to the phone and quickly dialed her Master, so
thankful to be able to talk with Him. "So what did you learn fuckpig?" "That i
never want to do that again Master, that i'm so sorry that i ever did it to
begin with, that the hardest part was not getting to talk with You Master, that
i need You, Your control in my life Master to feel whole." "And what have you
learned about taking control into your own hands when you think your needs
aren't being met?"  "That it doesn't pay to do that. That the consequences
outweigh the benefits." "Don't you think I knew how long it had been since you
had been allowed to slop?" "Yes Master." "Did it even cross your mind that I
wanted you to beg like the fuckpig you're becoming for permission to slop,
cunt?" "No Master; am sorry Master." "Next time what will you do cunt?" "Beg
like a proper fuckpig should to be allowed to slop Master." "Then you've learned
your lesson cunt. 4 more days of being reminded what a fuckpig you are and this
issue is completely in the past, which is where I'm sure it will stay." "Yes
Master"




Chapter 6 -- A pisswhore is born

One of wetcunt's daily tasks set in place by her Master was to send links and
her reactions to the BDSM stories that she read. The stories that made wetcunt's
slophole the wettest were ones in which the slut ended up covered in piss or
drinking piss. One day a few weeks after wetcunt's punishment for her lack of
control she received an email from her Master indicating that her piss training
was about to start.

"wetcunt, I told you long ago that a slut should be covered with three things:
sweat, cum and piss. you have become a cumslut craving cuntsnot all over your
slut body, it is now time for the pisswhore that you crave to be to be born.
From this time forth, until further instructed by Me, you will cease flushing
the toilet when all that is in there is piss. For now, you may still use toilet
paper to wipe that sloppy pisshole, but a time is coming pisswhore, when you
will be toilet paper for others, so don't think you will be allowed to use it
for much longer.  Every evening before you go to bed pisswhore, you will dunk
your head into that piss-filled toilet, I want that pisshead completely soaked
with piss water. Once your head is completely covered with piss water, you will
remain kneeling with that pisshead in the toilet for the period of time that I
indicate every day. Today W/we will start with 5 minutes. That time will
increase as you become a better-trained pisswhore. During your time in your
natural state, covered with piss, you will blow piss bubbles in the remaining
piss water.

Some nights I will let you wash up after your toilet time is done, but other
nights will be like tonight. Tonight after your 5 minutes kneeling with your
piss-soaked head in the dirty piss water blowing piss bubbles, like a good
little pisswhore, you will sleep as pisswhores should, tied to the toilet. you
will take go to your local hardware store and buy a 20-foot length of medium
size link chain and a two locks. Prior to covering your head in pisswater, you
will attach one end of the chain around the base of the toilet and then attach
the other end of the chain through the front of your collar. you are to reattach
this end every night before your piss dunking, the other end stays attached to
the toilet as a remainder to you of what you are, a pisswhore. After the collar
end is attached, you will kneel down, and before you start soaking the pisshead
in piss water, you will beg to be allowed to soak your head in piss, just like
I'd make you beg if I was standing right there. you are to beg for at least one
minute. After you have finished begging, you may then begin soaking that
pisshead, only after it has been completely soaked will you begin your toilet
time, slut."

wetcunt was amazed at how badly her slophole was leaking at the thought of
covering her head with piss and sleeping piss-covered chained to the toilet all
night. The thought of kneeling chained to the toilet begging to be allowed to
dunk her head in smelly piss water, to blow piss bubbles had wetcunt running
like a faucet. All day long it was all wetcunt could think about. As she went to
the hardware and bought the length of chain and the locks, her mind was filled
with what she would look like chained to the toilet. As she neared the end of
her workday, wetcunt had to piss badly, but she made herself wait until she got
home, so she could use it to cover her head with later. The first thing wetcunt
did when she got home was piss and then she checked her email. she had another
email from Master with further instructions for tonight. "pisshead, before you
chain yourself to the pisswhore's station, get your digital camera in place so
that I can have a picture of My pisswhore having its first piss dunking. I want
a picture of your before state make sure the chain is in the picture, a during
picture, with your piss-soaked head in the toilet and an after picture smiling
at the camera as the piss water runs down your face. After you have taken the
pictures pisshead, flush the toilet and lay down for the night. Those pictures
and a fully detailed report on how this night's activities affected My pisswhore
will be send to Me before you shower in the morning. Enjoy your night pisshead."

wetcunt used the toilet repeatedly throughout the evening hours as she did her
chores. Shortly before her normal bedtime wetcunt gathered up the items needed
to begin her pisswhore training. she attached the chain around the base of the
toilet, locking it in place. Then she attached the other part of the chain to
her collar, locking that part in place. After positioning the digital camera at
the angle that would work for all three pictures, wetcunt set the auto-timer,
lifted the chain so it could be clearly seen in the picture and waited for the
flash to go off. Then wetcunt started begging her Master for permission to piss
cover her head and blow bubbles in the piss water. At first, her begging was
quiet with her face beet red from hearing herself beg to cover herself with
piss, then it grew louder as wetcunt's slophole began to leak furiously from the
humiliation and thought of being piss covered until wetcunt humping the air as
she begged. After more than a minute of wetcunt's begging had past, she knelt
over the toilet, lifted the lid and dipping her head down as far as she could
into the dark yellow piss water, wetcunt started covering her head with piss
water, until she had soaked her entire head. Then lifting her head just enough
to set the timer and see the camera settings, wetcunt reset the autotimer and
dunked her head back into the piss filed toilet and was feverishly blowing piss
bubbles in the toilet when she heard the camera snap picture number two. wetcunt
lost all track of time as she busily blew bubbles and humped the air, with cunt
juice running down her thighs. When she heard the bell from the timer, she
lifted her head again only enough to reset the autotimer and then waited until
it was just about to go off. A few seconds before the camera snapped the
picture, wetcunt lifted her head and looked directly at the camera, piss water
running down her face, blurring her vision as she smiled for her Master. The
piss water continued down past wetcunt's face down over her milkbags and the
rest of her body. Holding her piss soaked head over the toilet until the worst
of the dripping was past, wetcunt shivered and groaned, her cunt screaming for
release, her mind racing with thoughts of how could she be aroused by so
humiliating and disgusting an act. Once the dripping had mostly stopped, wetcunt
reached up, flushed the toilet and curled up on the bathroom mat to try to
sleep. Now shivering from touching the cold tile floor, wetcunt tossed and
turned trying to get comfortable. Every breath the smell of piss filling her
nostrils, her face, hair, milkbags growing sticky from the piss water as it
dried, her cunt burning, wetcunt's night seemed to last forever.

When wetcunt's alarm clock went off, she unchained herself from the toilet and
went to her computer, her arms sticking to the side of her body as she walked.
wetcunt quickly signed on and started an email to her Master describing how her
mind had screamed at her all night long about how she could do such a thing, how
she could be aroused by such a thing. Wetcunt described how she begged, how her
cunt dripped and burned wanting to slop so badly. wetcunt filled the report with
every detail, every smell, every thought, every craving. Then after inserting
the pictures wetcunt send the email to her Master before washing up and getting
ready for work. Later in the day, wetcunt received a reply "Well done pisshead,
10 minutes tonight, shower afterward and then go to bed." Each day after sending
her morning report wetcunt would receive an email with the amount of time to
piss soak her head that night.

After about 2 weeks of piss dunking her head every night wetcunt received
different instructions for that night. "Pisshead, you have been doing well
controlling that greedy cunt as you piss dunk your head every night, therefore I
am giving you a treat tonight. Tonight after soaking your head with piss water,
and blowing piss bubbles for a half hour, you will bury your piss soaked head as
far as you can in the dirty piss water and once it is in place, you may play
with your cunt until you slop. However, while you are playing with that sloppy
greedy cunt, you will be oinking into that toilet like a good pisswhore fuckpig
should. Once you have slopped and drip-dried, you will sleep chained to the
toilet again tonight. The reason you are spending tonight chained to the toilet
is that unless you're bleeding or shitting, you are not to use that toilet any
more. you will be using a new toilet pisswhore, a suitably marked bucket that My
pisswhore is to use at home from now on. Not only will you be using this new
pisswhore's toilet, you are not allowed to use toilet paper anymore unless you
are bleeding or shitting. From now on, your toilet paper is your hand, that
holds true wherever you are, at home, at work, at the gym, at your sister's
house, anywhere you piss, you wipe that pisshole dry with your hand, pisswhore.
The piss in your pisswhore's toilet are also not allowed to go into that toilet,
instead at the end of every day, you will go stand in the bathtub and beg to be
allowed to shower with that piss and then My pisswhore will take a piss shower.
After taking that piss shower, you will stand covered in piss for a period that
I will specify before washing up. Some nights you will sleep still sticky from
your piss shower, pisshead, other nights, you will get to wash up. I will let
you know which. These instructions take affect tomorrow and you will stand piss
covered for 10 minutes tomorrow. I want two pictures sent the day after tomorrow
pisshead, one of your suitably marked toilet and the other of you taking your
first piss shower. Pleasant dreams pisshead."

That night after begging to be allowed soak her head in piss and blow piss
bubbles, wetcunt soaked her head and blew bubbles for a half hour, her cunt
dripping madly knowing that she would be allowed to slop tonight, with her head
buried in the piss filled toilet. Burying her face as far as she could into the
water, wetcunt started oinking loudly. As the oinks echoed in the toilet,
wetcunt reached back and feverishly started stroking her cunt, pushing forward
trying to bury her head deeper into the water, pressing her milkbags hard up
against the toilet as she humped her fingers furiously, groaning, oinking, until
she slopped like a good fuckpig spasming violently. As she lay down after
dripping off, thinking about the instructions her Master had given, replaying
how violently she had slopped while oinking into the toilet, wetcunt fell asleep
to this thought, "a pisswhore truly has been born."




Chapter 7 -- Practice Test (part one)

One Thursday, after returning from lunch, wetcunt saw that she had received an
email from her Master. her heart raced each time a message came from her Master.
As she quickly opened it, she wondered what assignment lay in store for her.

"cunt, you have been practicing to be the total pisswhore fuckpig that you crave
to be, that you are destined to be. It is time to test how well My fuckpig has
been practicing. A reservation has been made for you at a local hotel for this
coming weekend. I will be calling you later today with the name of the hotel.
For this weekend test, you will come dressed like the fuckpig that you are, full
slut makeup, a slut length skirt that is no more than 15 inches long, no holder
for those milkbags and a silk button up shirt with only the bottom 3 buttons
buttoned, no cover for that cunt, thigh high hose and those 6-inch heels that
you have been practicing with at home. While you are here for testing and
additional training you will wear your leather-training collar with its dog tag.
Bring your slut equipment with you. you are to bring ALL of your slut equipment
including your pisswhore's toilet and shithole cleaner. I also want you to print
out 2 copies of every picture in your profile and autograph each one with this
signature 'slut in training -- wetcunt'. you will be distributing these pictures
during your weekend of testing and training. Besides printing out copies of your
pictures cunt, you are to print two signs that will hang over your slut
equipment, which you will set out on the tables and dressers in the hotel room.
Each sign will say, "Used for this slut's training". you are to be checked in by
3:30. Call after you have checked into the hotel and have your slut equipment
all laid out and properly identified.

"you may bring one set of clothes that you would normally wear around town, and
one additional set of slut clothes for any trips W/we may make. In the hotel
room you will wear nothing but your training collar and the slut shoes. When you
check-in, you are to tell them that you are checking in and that your Master
made the reservation and give them My name. Also you are to get two sets of keys
and when you ask for two keys you are to say that one of them is for your
Master. I will check to make sure that you told them that I am your Master. you
will NOT like the results if I find that you are ashamed of being My slut, My
slave and don't properly acknowledge Me as your Master. Make Me proud cunt."

wetcunt quickly went over in her mind what she had to accomplish to be able to
go away for the weekend. Once she had figured out how to get everything done,
her mind started to race thinking about physically serving her Master for the
first time. Back and forth she bounced between hoping that she could please Him
and wondering if she would be able to do that which He had and would ask her to
do. her thoughts went from wondering what Master would think of her, to what the
hotel staff would think of her slut equipment and pictures. When wetcunt's
Master called later that day with the name of the hotel that she would be
staying at while being tested and trained, she could scarcely believe her ears.
To be going to a hotel of that style and class dressed like a complete and utter
slut, leaving her slut equipment out so that the hotel staff would see it when
they cleaned the room, made wetcunt's knees shake just from thinking about it.
All night long, wetcunt's mind raced as she tossed and turned thinking what lie
ahead for her.

After finishing work at noon on Friday, wetcunt quickly went home to get ready.
wetcunt prepared each of her holes for her Master if He wished to use them,
cleaning her shithole, closely and carefully shaving her cunt, prior to putting
on proper slut makeup. After putting on very dark eye makeup and bright red
lipstick, wetcunt went to get dressed in the clothes that she had picked out
last night, a bright red semi-sheer silk blouse, a 15-inch black leather skirt,
black thigh high hose and 6-inch black heels. As she bent over to pick up her
bag of toys and her pisswhore's toilet, wetcunt felt the skirt rise high up on
her ass exposing her dripping wet cunt and shithole. wetcunt's computer beeped
indicating she had an email just as she was getting ready to leave. "One more
thing cunt, I want that bare ass and cunt on the seat as you drive over to the
hotel, and make sure you flash the bellhop a smile when you get out of the car."

As wetcunt imagined driving up to the hotel with her skirt up around her waist
so that her bare ass and cunt were on the seat, she groaned as her face burned.
Groaning in shame that she was so aroused with the thought of a total stranger
helping her out of her car, seeing her bare ass and cunt as she stood up.
Feeling her cuntsnot start dripping down to her thighs, wetcunt quickly picked
her bag and toilet up and headed out of the door. Putting her toilet in the
trunk, wetcunt placed her bag on the back seat of her car, lifted her skirt and
settled her bare ass and cunt on the seat. Just as she was about to start the
car, her cell phone rang. "Hello," she answered. "cunt, take the 8-in dildo that
you are to be constantly carrying and stuff that slophole with it. I want the
bellhop to see what a huge slut I have. Make sure those legs are spread as far
as possible and still drive safely. That dildo is to stay in that cunt until I
take it out when I get there. you are NOT allowed to slop, cunt. I WILL be able
to tell if you do. Enjoy the ride, see you soon cunt."

wetcunt took the dildo that she always carried out of her purse and stuffed it
in her cunt, biting her lip fighting the urge to hump the post in her cunt.
Spreading her legs wide, her skirt up around her waist, wetcunt slowly backed
the car out, making herself pay attention to the road as she drove rather than
the ache in her cunt. As she pulled in front of the hotel, wetcunt was shaking
from the picture she would make to the bellhop. The bellhop had come around to
her side of the car and was opening the door almost before she had shut off the
engine. wetcunt heard his gasp as his eyes fell to her naked, stuffed cunt.
Forcing herself to lift her eyes to meet his, wetcunt quickly smiled at the
bellhop and stepped out of the car, her skirt falling down, covering her ass and
cunt. "We have valet parking if you wish miss." Immediately wetcunt thought of
how she was going to be able to get her pisswhore's toilet into her room without
anyone seeing it. Stuttering wetcunt replied, "No, Thank you. i'll park it in a
minute." With that wetcunt walked into the huge hotel lobby, feeling the
bellhop's eyes on her ass.

As wetcunt walked through the lobby and up to the counter, she felt like she had
a neon sign over her head shouting to the world that she was a slut. The sound
of her 6-inch heels clicking on the marble floor, the swish of her leather
skirt, the jangle of her dog tag all proclaiming, "here walks a slut." wetcunt
could feel her heart pounding as she got to the counter, knowing what she was
going to have to say. When the receptionist asked if he could help her, wetcunt
opened her mouth twice before she was actually able to speak. she could feel his
eyes staring at her hard nipples, taking in the name on the dog tag on her
collar. "mmmmy Master has made a reservation under His name," wetcunt finally
got out. As wetcunt gave the receptionist her Master's name, a knowing look
crossed the receptionist's face causing wetcunt to wonder if he was a fellow
Dom. "ah, so you must be your Master's slut. Is that correct?" "Yes, Sir,"
wetcunt replied, her face beet red, wondering who else could hear this
conversation. "W/we will need two keys please, one for me and one for my
Master." As the receptionist handed wetcunt the keys, he announced "Room 1269,
tell your Master that I hope He enjoys His stay as well." "Yes Sir, i will.
Thank You Sir," wetcunt replied as she headed out the door.

As wetcunt returned to her car, the bellhop came around to open her door for her
once again, wetcunt groaned internally debating whether she could or would lift
her skirt once more so that her bare ass and cunt her on the seat. Standing
there for what seemed like an eternity, wetcunt hurriedly lifted her skirt and
sat back down, again showing the bellhop what a huge slut she was. His eyes
fixed on the 8-inch black dildo stuffed in her cunt as he slowly closed the door
for her, saying "I hope you enjoy your stay with us. Pull straight ahead and
then left to get to the parking deck." Raising her eyes once more, wetcunt
smiled and thanked the bellhop before driving into the parking deck. After she
pulled into the closest space that she could find next to the elevator, wetcunt
looked around to see who else was there. When she saw that the coast was clear,
she got out of the car, lowering her skirt and quickly retrieved her bag from
the back seat. As she bent over to get her bag, wetcunt could feel the cold air
blowing across her dripping stuffed cunt. Looking around once more, wetcunt
opened the truck and pulled out the bag holding her pisswhore toilet and then
quickly walked to the elevator. Over and over in her mind all she could think
was, "i hope no one else gets in the elevator, i hope no one else gets in the
elevator." Carrying her piss toilet into a hotel such as this seemed more
humiliating than anything else that she had had to do so far. It was one thing
to have people know she was a slut, it felt for worse to have them know that she
was a slut that craved to be covered in piss.

wetcunt breathed a sigh of relief when the elevator door opened and there was no
one in there. Pushing the button for the 12th floor, wetcunt thought, "if only
no one stops the elevator." As it started to rise, wetcunt held her breath, a
groan escaping when the elevator stopped at the first floor lobby. Moving the
plastic bag that held her piss toilet behind her bag of slut clothes and toys,
wetcunt watched as the receptionist walked on to the elevator. When the door
closed, the receptionist turned to wetcunt and asked, "What are you hiding back
there slut? What are you ashamed for people to see? Show Me what you're hiding
slut?" wetcunt's mind raced, "Can i safeword, will He listen?" As if the
receptionist could see the thoughts racing through her head, he quietly said,
"Relax slut. you are safe. Make your Master proud, show Me the bag." With those
words, wetcunt found the strength to pull the plastic bag out from behind her
luggage and held it out to the receptionist. "Well done, slut. Tell your Master
that He has trained His slut well."

The elevator chimed when they reached the 12th floor, and wetcunt stepped out.
Walking quickly down the hall, she arrived at 1269 and opened the door. A huge
room opened before her. Walking to the windows, wetcunt looked down over the
near-by buildings. After a few minutes, standing, watching people walking on the
sidewalk below, wetcunt turned to set out her slut equipment. Quickly stripping
her down to her collar and shoes, wetcunt hung up her clothes, and started
pulling toy after toy out of her bag, covering the top of the dresser, the table
next to the chairs, and the top of the bedside table before finally emptying her
bag. Reaching into the side pocket, wetcunt pulled out the pictures that she had
printed out the night before and autographed and the signs for over the table
and the dresser. After placing the pictures in a stack on the other bedside
table, wetcunt posted the signs and placed her piss toilet on the floor in the
bathroom. her toilet and shithole cleaner hung in place in the bathroom, her
slut equipment was lined up ready for her Master's inspection, her autographed
pictures waiting for distribution, wetcunt went through the list in her mind,
making sure that she hadn't forgotten any of her Master's instructions.

After looking around the room once more to make sure everything was in place,
wetcunt called her Master. "Everything is as You commanded Master." "I will see
if that is the case when I arrive shortly. Prior to My arrival you are to plug
that shithole. I want both your cunt and shithole plugged when I get there.
After you have done that, go and reopen the curtains that I'm sure you closed
once you stripped. I want the curtains wide open. So anyone in a nearby office
building can watch My slut if they want. Then take a pillow from the bed and
place it by the door. Kneel down on the pillow with your head to the floor and
your legs spread wide, and wait for My knock on the door. Once I knock, you are
to crawl over to the door and kneel so that I can see My naked slut when she
opens the door for her Master for the first time. I will see you shortly."

After lubing the medium-sized shithole plug and struggling to get it in place
with the 8-inch dildo in her cunt, wetcunt walked gingerly over to the window
and spread the curtains wide, seeing for the first time the office buildings not
that far away. Taking a pillow from the bed, wetcunt knelt down with her face to
the floor waiting for her Master, her stuffed shithole and cunt pointed toward
the open window. As she settled down to wait she thought "the test has already
begun."




Chapter 8 -- Practice Test (Part 2)

As wetcunt knelt head down, stuffed ass high in the air, her heart pounded as
she waited for her Master's knock. she thought of kneeling naked in the open
doorway, of what her Master would do to her, of what He would have her do. she
was so caught up in her thoughts that the sharp rap on the door caused her to
jump in surprise. Quickly lifting her head and crawling rapidly to the right
side of the door, wetcunt kneeled up and opened the door. Framed in the doorway
stood her Master, wetcunt's eyes stared at His thick leather boots, her arm
shaking as she held the door open, her milkbags rising and falling in time with
her rapid breathing. "Very nice picture you make there cunt, greeting your
Master as a proper slut should, kneeling naked at the door. Look at Me cunt."
wetcunt raised her eyes, taking in the thick swell in the front of her Master's
black jeans, the heavy leather belt, the black leather jacket before her eyes
were caught by the piercing gaze of her Master. Tears came to wetcunt's eyes, as
she remained kneeling at her Master's feet, her mind and will captured by His
steady gaze. she felt more than naked, she felt as if He was seeing into her
very soul. It felt like an eternity had passed before her Master spoke again,
"Crawl back and kneel on your pillow cunt, same position as before, stuffed ass
toward the open window, face down while I inspect the room. After I have
inspected the room cunt, Master will inspect His slave."

wetcunt crawled quickly back to the pillow and lowered her head down to the
floor, spreading her legs wide so her stuffed ass and cunt were open for
inspection. wetcunt heard her Master moving about the room, picking up one piece
of slut equipment after another, moving some around, rifling through the
pictures. wetcunt's tension seemed to be increasing ten fold every second
desperate for her Master's touch, attention. wetcunt wanted desperately to move,
to look at Him again, but she knew that she was not to move a muscle. As her
Master moved back to the first set of slut equipment, wetcunt heard some of the
toys being shifted again. "Whack," down came the flogger on wetcunt's ass.
"Raise that ass up higher slut and spread those legs further. Don't make Me work
to inspect you cunt," her Master barked. wetcunt strained to raise her stuffed
ass higher in the air, spreading her legs until the muscles in her thighs
started to burn. wetcunt fought to keep herself from shivering as her Master ran
the flogger the length of her outspread thighs and over her dripping wet cunt.
"Stand up cunt, hands behind your head, eyes down." wetcunt jumped to her feet,
spreading her legs wide, pushing her elbows back, standing at attention as her
Master slowly, carefully inspected His slave. wetcunt wanted desperately to look
in His eyes, to see if He approved. The need to look was so strong that wetcunt
shook from the effort of simply keeping her eyes lowered.

"Bend over, put your face down on the edge of the bed, cunt. Then reach back
with your hands and spread those slut ass cheeks." wetcunt turned and pressed
her face down on the edge of the bed. Grasping each ass cheek firmly, wetcunt
pulled hard, straining to spread her ass cheeks as wide as possible. wetcunt
could feel her Master's breath as He closely inspected her stuffed cunt and
shithole. As her Master pulled the 8-inch dildo from her sloppy cunt, wetcunt
bit her lips to stifle her groan. wetcunt could feel the cuntsnot dripping down
her thighs as her Master tapped the end of the shithole plug with the flogger.
"Table position up on the bed cunt, face front, knees right on the edge of the
bed, legs spread wide." As wetcunt knelt on her hands and knees, her widely
spread legs hanging off the edge of the bed, she felt her Master move between
her legs, His jeans brush against her thighs and ass as He wrote across her
back. The feel of His jeans against her naked flesh was so arousing that wetcunt
whimpered in response. From her shoulder down over her ass, wetcunt's Master
wrote, transforming her into a humiliation billboard, "shithole slut, fuckpig,
cumrag, pisswhore." After wetcunt's back was covered from top to bottom,
wetcunt's Master ordered wetcunt up to her knees. "Kneel up cunt, lift your hair
so that it doesn't block any of the billboard while I take pictures of My
humiliation slut."

wetcunt cunt and face burned as she heard her Master take shot after shot of the
humiliation billboard. "Turn around cunt and face Me." wetcunt turned around to
face her Master, struggling not to fall as she held her hands behind her head.
"Eyes straight ahead cunt. Don't look at Me, don't look down." Again wetcunt's
Master wrote, "fuckcow's milkbags, piss slut, sloppy cunt," covering wetcunt
with names from her neck to her cunt, making her a humiliation billboard front
and back. Eyes fixed straight ahead as her Master picked the digital camera back
up and snapped shot after shot of the sign's covering wetcunt's tits, belly and
cunt. "Look at yourself cunt," her Master commanded as He handed wetcunt the
camera. "Look at what a huge humiliation slut I have. Look at what a fine
humiliation billboard you make cunt, covered with the signs of you are, of what
you crave." As wetcunt looked at each of the pictures, her cunt dripped harder,
the desire to hump grew stronger. "My fuckcow wants to hump doesn't it cunt?"
her Master asked chuckling slightly. "Yes Master, it does," whispered wetcunt.
"Hump the air My fuckcow, let your Master see His fuckcow hump." wetcunt
starting humping the air violently groaning, desperate for any kind of pressure
on her burning clit. "Maybe if My fuckcow is really good, Master will let it
hump the leg of that chair over there until it slops. Wouldn't that be nice My
greedy fuckcow?" "oh yyyes Master," wetcunt replied, wanting desperately to beg
to be allowed to slop.

"But before that is going to happen, W/we will have to see if all the cock
sucking practice that My little fuckcow has been doing has turned it into a good
little cock-sucker. Do you want to show Master what a good little cock-sucker
you have become fuckcow?" Whimpering, wetcunt nodded her head fiercely, as she
continued to hump the air. wetcunt's groan filled the room as she watched her
Master slowly unzip His jeans and bring His cock into view. Immediately wetcunt
started to lower her head so that she could begin to suck on her Master's cock.
"Did I tell you to stop humping the air fuckcow? Did I tell you to move cunt?"
her Master barked. "No, Master," wetcunt whispered as she straightened back up
and returned to humping the air. "Don't do ANYTHING I don't tell you to do cunt.
you don't get to suck Master's cock until you convince Master that you really
want to suck His cock. I haven't heard you beg Master to let you suck His cock.
I don't think you really want to suck Master's cock."

Then taking hold of wetcunt's nipples, her Master started to pinch and twist
them. "W/we will deal with your presumption later cunt," her Master said
twisting each nipple to punctuate every word.  wetcunt's clit burned harder with
each twist and pull of her nipples. "Now (twist), show (twist) your (twist)
Master (twist) how (twist) badly (twist) you (twist) want (twist) to (twist)
show (twist) Master (twist) what (twist) a (twist) good (twist) little (twist)
cock (twist) sucker (twist) His (twist) fuckcow (twist) has (twist) become
(twist)." By the time wetcunt's Master had finished the sentence wetcunt was
moaning loudly, her nipples and clit were burning hot. "Please, please Master,
please Your fuckcow is begging You to please let it know You what a good little
cock-sucker it has become. Please Master, please let wetcunt suck Master's cock.
PPPPPPllllease Master." Over and over again wetcunt repeated her plaintive plea,
begging her Master to let her be the good little cock-sucker she desperately
wanted to be. As wetcunt begged, her Master released her nipples and started to
spank each one of her huge milkbags, casually watching them flop back and forth,
apparently paying no attention to His slut's repeated begging. Finally when
wetcunt's milkbags were nice and red, her Master said, "Bend down wetcunt, you
may take the tip of Master's cock into that slut mouth of yours, but do not suck
yet. Just hold the tip of Master's cock."

wetcunt moved rapidly to take the tip of her Master's cock in her mouth. her
groan of pleasure escaped around His cock as she lovingly held it in her mouth.
wetcunt began humping the air harder still from the pleasure of finally getting
to have her Master's cock in her mouth. "Stop humping fuckcow, and start showing
Master what a good little cock-sucker you have become." With that wetcunt
started to slowly bathe her Master's cock with her tongue, running around the
head of His cock, lapping at her Master's pisshole. Upon hearing her Master
starting to groan with pleasure, wetcunt lowered her head further to take more
of her Master's cock deeper in her mouth, starting to suck as she lowered her
head. First rising back up until just the tip of her Master's cock was in her
mouth, sucking as she lifted her head, then swiftly lowering her head down
again, taking her Master's cock deeper each time until the tip of her Master's
cock entered her throat. Fighting the urge to gag, remembering to breathe on the
upstroke, wetcunt continued to take more and more of her Master's cock deeper
and deeper into her mouth and throat. As her Master stiffened, He pulled His
cock from wetcunt's mouth and started to cover her face from her forehead down
with His cum, spraying shot after shot of cum on wetcunt's face and hair. After
her Master had finished coating her hair and face with cum, wetcunt whispered,
"Thank You Master for allowing Your fuckcow to suck Your cock. May it clean Your
cock for You Master." "Yes, cunt. Clean your Master's cock for Him and then W/we
will deal with your earlier presumption." wetcunt lovingly suckled her Master's
cock, cleaning every trace of cum from it, making sure that it was completely
clean.

"Now, cunt, you will learn to never assume that you may touch your Master
without His expressed permission. Stand back up, hands down on the edge of the
bed, raise that ass high." wetcunt moved down from the bed, and lowered her
hands back down to the edge of the bed, her 6-inch heels forcing her ass high
into the air. "Just because it was your first offense, don't think that I will
go lightly on you cunt. My philosophy is that if I punish My slut's properly the
first time they screw up, they will be less likely to screw up a second time."
With that wetcunt heard her Master unbuckle His belt and slowly drag it from His
belt loops. wetcunt bit her lip to keep herself from crying out simply in fear
of what was to come. Wetcunt almost jumped as her Master snapped His belt
together before moving into position to spank wetcunt's raised ass. "Hold that
position slut or you will regret it," and wetcunt's Master began spanking first
one ass cheek and then the other, first high on the ass and then lower right at
the seat portion, until wetcunt was had tears streaming down her face and her
ass was fire engine red. "Now, cunt, are you ever going to assume that you have
the RIGHT to touch your Master without His permission." "nnnnooo Mmmmmmaster,"
wetcunt stammered as she tried to catch her breath.

"you did very well wetcunt. you have become a very good cock-sucker and you bore
your punishment well staying firmly in position. Because you have done so well
Master is going to let you hump the leg of His chair like I know My greedy
little fuckcow so desperately wants to do. Take your hands off the bed cunt and
crawl over to Master's chair." As wetcunt slowly lifted her hands from the edge
of the bed, her fiery red ass cheeks screamed in protest. Lowering herself to
her kneels, wetcunt slowly crawled over to where her Master was sitting. wetcunt
knelt in front of her Master and waited for permission to begin humping the leg
of the chair. "Beg your Master for permission fuckcow, beg for permission to
hump the leg of this chair like it was a post in the field." wetcunt began
fiercely begging her Master for permission to hump the leg of the chair, the
burning in her clit overwhelming the burning of her ass cheeks. Master casually
crossed His legs as He watched His slut groveling at His feet begging to hump a
post like a fuckcow. "All right fuckcow, you may hump your post, but Master
wants to hear His fuckcow moo like a good fuckcow should." wetcunt moved her red
hot ass into position against the left leg of the chair, pressing her clit hard
against the post, driving the shithole plug deeper into her shithole, she
started humping hard against the post, mooing louder and louder as the time of
her slopping came closer and closer, lost in space until she violently slopped
all over the post drenching it with her cunt juices. "Lick the post clean
fuckcow. you humped that post very well."  wetcunt lapped her cuntsnot from the
post while whispering over and over again, "Thank You Master, Thank You Master."

"Look at Me cunt," her Master said. wetcunt knelt as her Master's feet her eyes
fixed on her Master's face. "you have done very well so far wetcunt. Master is
very proud of you. you passed the test downstairs with the bellhop and the
receptionist. you have done very well so far pleasing your Master, showing Him
how well you have been practicing, but remember this whole weekend is a test and
another one is about to start as Master's cum continues to dry on your hair and
face. W/we are about to order room service and you are going to be a good little
humiliation billboard for your Master.  Master will let His good little fuckcow
catch its breath, then your testing and training will continue."




Chapter 9 -- Practice Test (Part 3)

wetcunt knelt at her Master's feet, milkbags rising and falling as she tried to
catch her breath after slopping so violently. "cunt, you must have made a bucket
load of cuntsnot from slopping that hard. Take that cuntsnot and cover those
heaving milkbags. I want them shiny with cunt juice." wetcunt reached between
her widely spread thighs and pulled gobs of cunt juice from her dripping
slophole. Using both hands she smeared the cuntsnot all over her milkbags,
covering every inch with cuntsnot.

As wetcunt finished catching her breath, she wondered if she could really have a
total stranger see her like this. her mind raced with what that person would
think, what that person would say. As wetcunt knelt before her Master, He
quietly watched her face react to every thought passing through her mind.
"wetcunt, I have a question for you. Look at Me." As wetcunt lifted her eyes,
she felt her mind and heart start to calm from simply looking in her Master's
eyes. "wetcunt, when I have used you online, have total strangers seen your
naked body covered with writing?" "Yes Master, they have," wetcunt answered.
"And have they seen your body shining wet covered with cunt juice," her Master
continued. "Yes Master, they have," wetcunt replied. "So why should this be any
different. I know that they weren't physically in the room with you, but I also
wasn't physically in the room when I used you online. Nothing will happen to
you, you are safe. Do you think I don't know your limits?" "No, Master, You know
my limits," wetcunt answered. "Then trust Me wetcunt, I will NEVER let anyone
harm you. you are MINE, and NO ONE harms what is MINE. Do you understand cunt?"
wetcunt's eyes filled with tears from the strength of her Master's words, "Yes
Master, i understand and i do and will trust You Master." "Very good cunt, it is
time for something to eat. Now crawl over to the table and bring Me the room
service menu."

wetcunt quickly returned with the menu and handed it to her Master. she knelt
quietly at His feet while He looked over the menu. From time to time, her
Master's hand would reach down and stroke her hair and wetcunt felt so
cherished. "cunt, continue wiping cuntsnot on those milkbags, I want to see them
glistening." Every minute or so, wetcunt would wipe fresh cunt juice all over
her milkbags while her Master continued to peruse the menu. Finally He uncrossed
His legs and put down the menu, after standing wetcunt's Master walked over to
the table that held the tape she had used to put up the signs and tore off a
piece. Walking over to the far corner, He placed the piece of tape partway up
the wall. "cunt, you nose on the piece of tape, now. Keep it there until I tell
you to move it." wetcunt quickly crawled over to the corner and placed her nose
on the piece of tape. "Push your legs out further behind you cunt, spread them
wide and lift that stuffed ass up. I want the room service guy to see that
shithole plug filling My slut's ass when he brings in O/our dinner."


wetcunt could feel her cunt dripping as she strained to hold her nose to the
tape and raise her ass as high as possible. It seemed to drip even more as she
heard her Master ordering from room service. "Hello, this is room 1269, would
like to place an order. I want to order the sirloin steak, medium rare, baked
potato, salad, ranch dressing and a couple of Pepsi's. I will need an additional
plate with the meal and an additional bowl as well. Also may I ask who will be
delivering this meal? Oh, Charles serves this floor. Excellent. How long will it
be? 20 minutes. Very good. Thank you." After hanging up the phone, wetcunt's
Master stretched out on the bed, turning on the television, "Guess you'll have a
bit of a wait cunt. I imagine by the time dinner arrives you will be more than
willing to do whatever I say, just to be able to get out of that position." As
the minutes slowly passed, wetcunt could feel the muscles in her neck, back and
legs starting to protest the strained position they were forced into. With each
second, more tension was building both in wetcunt's muscles and in wetcunt's
mind.

When she thought that she couldn't hold the position for another second, wetcunt
heard a rapping on the door and a deep voice calling room service. wetcunt's
Master walked over to open that door, "Wheel that right in here please." wetcunt
could here Charles' swift intake of air as he saw her kneeling there naked. "So
what do you think of My slut, Charles? Do you like what you see," wetcunt's
Master asked. "Oh yes, Sir, like what I see very much. But what are those words
all over her back and ass?" Charles replied. "Oh, that, well My slut is a HUGE
humiliation slut, and just loves being a humiliation billboard. Don't you cunt?"
"Yes Master," wetcunt whispered. "What was that cunt, speak up Charles couldn't
hear you." her Master barked. "Yes, Master. Your slut is a huge humiliation
slut." wetcunt replied. "Would you like to see the front of the humiliation
billboard, Charles?" wetcunt heard her Master ask. "Oh Yes Sir, very much so,"
was the quick reply. "I'm sure that you're dying to move from that position
cunt, so here is your chance. Push off from the wall, and turn around, hands
behind your neck, so you can show off those huge milkbags to Charles here."

wetcunt slowly pushed off from the wall, not really wanting to let a total
stranger see her face when she was being a humiliation billboard, but rather
because she couldn't hold that position for another second. Groaning from the
muscles pulling in her back, wetcunt slowly turned around on her knees and
lifted her hands to behind her head. "Look at Charles, slut. I want Him to see
My cum drying on My slut's face." Fighting the urge to safe word, fighting the
urge to cry, wetcunt slowly lifted her eyes to look at Charles. Fearing she
would see disgust, actually surprised when all she saw on His face was pleasure.
Seeing the pleasure on Charles' face, hearing the pleasure in her Master's voice
as He asked, "So do you like what you see Charles?" "It is wonderful Sir. Will
she do anything You say?" wetcunt knelt quietly while her Master answered, "All
sluts have limits, and all sluts need training, but this slut is becoming a well
trained slut. Would you like to watch it perform Charles?" "Oh would I sir," was
Charles's quick answer. Wetcunt couldn't believe her ears, her face turned beet
red and she started to break position and safe word, when she heard her Master
say, "Make Me proud cunt. Lower your arms, crawl over to the table, pick up your
8-inch dildo and fuck yourself for Charles and My pleasure."

Hearing her Master remind her to make Him proud, knowing that this wasn't much
different than the sessions that He had directed her in online, wetcunt crawled
over to the table and picked up the 8-inch dildo. "Crawl back over here cunt,
spread your legs wide so that We can watch you fucking that sloppy cunt. I will
let you know if your legs are wide enough. When I say that they are in proper
position, fuck yourself with that dildo until you slop." wetcunt crawled back
over in front of her Master and Charles, and knelt back down spreading her
thighs as wide as possible. "Wait one minute cunt, W/we need to spread that cunt
a bit wider. Charles could you please get the duct tape and 6 clothespins from
off of that table over there." When Charles returned with the clothespins and
tape, wetcunt's Master said, "Hand those to My slut, Charles. slut, remember to
look Him in the eye and thank Him and then you know what to do with them."
"Thank You Sir," wetcunt replied as Charles handed her the tape and clothespins.
wetcunt quickly attached 3 clothespins on her right cunt lip and taped them to
her thigh and then repeated the process with the other 3 clothespins taped to
her left thigh. "Good, now that is wide enough, lean back against the bed cunt
and fuck yourself until you slop."

Leaning back, wetcunt picked up the dildo and pushing it into her dripping cunt,
past the clothespins, groaning slightly as they pulled on her cunt. Slowly,
wetcunt started fucking herself with the dildo. "Those pins are really going to
start to hurt, if you don't fuck yourself faster than that cunt. Fuck yourself,
like I would if that was My cock in your cunt." As wetcunt started fucking
herself harder, faster, her eyes started to close as she started losing herself
in the moment, the sensation. "Look at Me slut, I want those eyes open watching
Me as you slop." Fighting to open her eyes, looking up at her Master's face,
moaning louder and louder as she moved closer and closer to slopping until
finally groaning loudly, wetcunt spasmed, slopping all over the dildo in her
cunt. As her breathing started to slow, wetcunt whispered, "Thank You Master for
allowing Your slut to slop." "Thank Charles for letting you perform for Him,
slut, and look at Him when you thank Him, and while you lick that dildo clean."
her Master reminded her.

Turning her gaze toward Charles, wetcunt softly said, "Thank You Sir for
allowing this slut to perform for you." "you're welcome slut." Charles replied
as He watched wetcunt clean the dildo in her mouth. "W/we need to tip the man
cunt. I think some of your autographed pictures would do as part of His tip.
Would you like that Charles?" wetcunt's Master asked. "That would be an
excellent tip Sir." "wetcunt crawl over to the table and get Charles one of your
autographed pictures. Do you think any of the other room service guys would also
like one Charles?" "Hmmmm," Charles pondered. "I can think of 5 other guys who
would really like one Sir." "Well you heard Him cunt, bring 6 pictures over and
hand them to Charles. Charles if you and the other room services guys can get
free around 10:00 o'clock tomorrow morning, you can listen while I fuck My slut
in the ass tomorrow at that time." "I'll let them know Sir, think that would be
really enjoyable. Consider the show and the picture enough of a tip for me.
Thank You again Sir. I'll be listening tomorrow." Charles commented as he headed
out the door.

"Take the clothespins off cunt. you did very well. I am very proud of you. your
performance has left your Master needing His slut's service again, but that will
wait until after W/we eat. Don't want the food to get any colder. Once you have
the clothespins off, crawl over next to the table, I will set your plate on the
floor. you will eat like a good little fuckpig should with no hands from a
trough on the floor." By the time wetcunt had finished taking the clothespins
and tape off, placing the tape in the trash and the clothespins back with the
rest of the toys, her trough was on the floor waiting for her. "Hands behind
your back cunt. Face down to your trough to eat." wetcunt knelt far enough away
from the trough to start eating the bite-sized pieces of steak and potato that
were in her trough. A bowl next to it was filled with Pepsi, which she lapped
between bites. From time to time as He quietly ate, wetcunt's Master would pour
more Pepsi in the bowl and put more pieces of food on wetcunt's trough. Finally
He pushed back from the table and set His napkin up next to His plate.

"Time to take care of your Master's needs cunt. First use that mouth cunt to
thoroughly wet your Master's cock, then W/we're going to see if those milkbags
are as fuckable as they look." wetcunt's Master said as He removed His cock Once
more from His jeans. Wetcunt quickly crawled over to and gently took her
Master's cock deep into her mouth, bathing it lovingly gently with her tongue,
lowering her head to wet it thoroughly down to His balls. wetcunt continued
bathing her Master's cock, listening happily to His sounds of pleasure until He
said, "Enough, now kneel up and lift those milkbags up here cunt." Wetcunt
removed her mouth from her Master's cock, knelt up, cupping her milkbags with
her hands. Grabbing wetcunt by the tits, her Master pulled her forward, "closer
cunt, wrap those milkbags around My cock and start fucking My cock with them.
Lick the tip of My cock as it pops out front over the tops of those milkbags
with each stroke." wetcunt wrapped her milkbags tightly around her Master's
cock, squeezing down on them hard to be able to give her Master as much pleasure
as possible, working her milkbags up and down the length of her Master's cock
faster and faster, lapping at the tip with each stroke, until leaning back her
Master unleashed His cum all over wetcunt's milkbags and face, cumming again and
again.

"Rub your Master's cum all over those milkbags cunt, then clean your Master's
cock and thank Him for allowing you to serve Him." wetcunt quickly smeared her
milkbags with her Master's cum, bent down and licked her Master's cock clean,
Thanking Him each time she raised her head before taking another lick. "Kneel
back cunt, W/we are going to talk for a while. I want to know what you're
thinking, feeling, you are free to say anything you wish, wetcunt. I also want
you to know that I am VERY proud of you wetcunt. you are doing very well so far
with this practice test."




Chapter 10 -- Practice Test (Part 4)

wetcunt sat at her Master feet quietly telling her Master what each act had done
to her mind, her cunt. she told her Master how performing online had helped her
prepare for performing live, how she had been so afraid of Charles's rejection,
how she had been surprised by His arousal. she talked and talked until she
started squirming. "What's the matter cunt?" her Master asked. "Master, have to
piss. May wetcunt have permission to take the shithole plug out and go piss
Master." "Ah Yes, you can't seem to piss with that shithole plug in can you
slut? Kneel up and be still while Master decides what He wants His slut to do."
wetcunt quickly moved to kneeling position which made the need to piss even
worse as gravity and her spread thighs focused her attention on her cunt.
wetcunt fought to stay still as she listened to her Master quietly talking to
Himself. "Hmmm, what to do, what to do. A Master's work is never done."

"This is what I want My slut to do. First you will turn around, raise your ass
high and slowly fuck yourself with that shithole plug until I tell you to stop
slut. you are not allowed to slop. After I tell you to stop, you will be allowed
to take the shithole plug out and crawl into the bathroom and get your toilet
pisswhore. Grab the handle with your mouth pisswhore and bring your toilet out
here. Place it on the floor in front of Master, squat over it and beg your
Master for permission to use it." wetcunt slowly turned around so that her
stuffed shithole was facing her Master and reaching between her legs, she slowly
pulled the shithole plug partially out of her shithole and then pushed it back
in. "Faster, cunt, fuck that shithole faster for your Master." Grabbing the
shithole plug more firmly, wetcunt pulled it out further and pushed it in faster
and harder, over and over again until her Master said "Hold the widest part
right at the entrance to your shithole cunt and then Master wants to see you
twist that shithole plug." Groaning as she pulled the shithole plug until its
widest part was stretching her shithole, grasping the end started slowing
twisting the shithole plug, intensifying her need to piss, causing her cunt to
drip wildly. "That's enough cunt," her Master said. "Take the shithole plug out
and go get your toilet, pisswhore."

wetcunt knelt panting as she completely removed the shithole plug and placed it
on the table. Crawling quickly, wetcunt entered the bathroom and using her teeth
grasped the handle of her piss toilet and started crawling back out to the
sitting area. Each time wetcunt moved it caused her piss toilet to swing and hit
her flopping milkbags. wetcunt's face turned beet red as she heard her Master's
chuckling at the sight. "That's one way to get those milkbags spanked like they
ought to be cunt. That's far enough pisswhore, put your toilet down and squat
over it now. Make sure you spread those thighs wide pisswhore.  Master wants to
be able to clearly see His pisswhore using its toilet. And I better really
believe that My pisswhore wants to piss for Me, cause you'll keep begging until
I believe it."  wetcunt lowered her head and placed her toilet on the floor,
then crawled into position, squatting over the toilet, with her legs spread as
far as she could. The urge to piss was excruciating, as wetcunt started begging
for her Master to let her piss for Him. wetcunt begged to be allowed to piss
louder and louder with each passing moment as the need seems to grow and grow.
Finally her begging was interrupted by her Master saying, "All right, pisswhore,
piss for your Master." A loud sigh left wetcunt's mouth as she released her piss
into her pisswhore toilet, the sound of piss hitting the bottom of the bucket
echoing in the room. After wetcunt had finished, she reached down to her
piss-wet cunt and wiped the excess piss off with her hand and lapped her hand
clean. "Very good pisswhore, grab your pisswhore toilet with your hands and
crawl on your knees alone into the bathroom. Master wants to see His pisswhore
take one of its piss showers."

wetcunt's face and cunt burned knowing her Master was going to be watching His
pisswhore cover itself with its own piss. The humiliation of it would be
exquisite. Crawling slowly into the bathtub, wetcunt set her piss toilet next to
her in the tub and waited for her Master to settle Himself. "Close the tub drain
pisswhore then beg pisswhore, beg your Master for permission to cover that
pisswhore's body with piss." wetcunt started very softly, her voice quieted by
the humiliation of having to beg to pour her own piss over her head, with each
repetition the begging grew louder and louder. "All right pisswhore, look at
Master, and cover yourself with piss like you crave. Keep your eyes open as long
as possible, Master wants to see the humiliation shining forth from your eyes
pisswhore." Fixing her eyes on her Master's face, wetcunt lifted the piss-filled
bucket over her head and started to slowly cover herself with her own piss. her
cunt quivering fiercely as the piss poured down her body, biting her lip to keep
from groaning, finally having to close her eyes as the piss poured down her
face. As wetcunt set the piss bucket down, she heard her Master say, "Wipe your
face pisswhore and open your eyes." As wetcunt opened her eyes, her vision was
filled with her Master long hard cock. "See what My pisswhore's humiliation has
done to Master's cock. W/we will need to fix that before I leave for the night.
Master is going to use His pisswhore's mouth as she kneels in a pool of her own
piss. Open wide pisswhore."

wetcunt quickly opened her mouth wide, her Master grabbing the back of her head
and forcing His cock deep into her mouth, fucking her mouth with His cock as
wetcunt simply held on for the ride. Groaning with pleasure as her mouth cunt
was fucked, wetcunt's eyes closed as she saw her Master get closer to cumming.
Pulling His cock from His pisswhore's mouth, wetcunt's Master sprayed load after
load of cum all over wetcunt's piss-soaked hair and face. "you served your
Master well tonight pisswhore. Now, as it is getting late, I will be leaving
shortly. Have a couple of things to take care of before I go for the night.
First, you are to remain right here, kneeling in your own piss until you here
the phone ring. After I call you are allowed to drain the tub, you will be
sleeping in the tub tonight, can't have your piss-covered body in the hotel's
bed. I will be setting up a wake-up call for you, for 6:30 tomorrow morning.
After you get the wake-up call, you may clean up and then do a thoroughly
shithole cleaning. After the cleaning, dress in your slut clothes and go down to
the breakfast buffet and get yourself something to eat. you are to be back in
this room, naked on the bed with your shithole stuffed by 9:30 tomorrow morning.
Do you understand cunt?" wetcunt, shivering from the cooling piss and the cold
tub, stammered, "yyyes Master. Thank You Master for using Your slutty pisswhore
Master." "you're welcome wetcunt. Enjoy your night."

With that wetcunt's Master went back out into the sitting area and picked up the
phone, getting the front desk. "I need a wake-up call for room 1269 for 6:30,
please just let it keep ringing until it gets answered, am a heavy sleeper and
need to make sure I'm awake. Oh, also the dishes from room service are outside
now and can be picked up." After wetcunt's Master hung up the phone, wetcunt
heard Him push the room service cart out the door and right before hearing the
door close, wetcunt heard her Master say, "Obedience is hardest now cunt. Make
Me proud." After hearing the door close, wetcunt settled in to wait, not knowing
how long it would be. It wasn't very long before wetcunt's knees started to hurt
from the hard bathtub, and she really wanted to move off of them. "What
difference will it make if i sit down instead of kneeling, as a matter of fact
what difference would it make if i drained the tub now and cleaned up tonight.
Master would never know." wetcunt's mind was filled with reasons to move to
clean-up, to disobey. Then her Master's words came back to her and she fought
the urge to disobey, "It doesn't matter if He will never know, i will know."
These two thoughts kept battling in wetcunt's mind back and forth, her knees
getting more and more sore with each passing second. One minute resolving to
obey, the next minute wishing her Master would call right now because she didn't
know how much longer she could obey. When her knees were about to give out, and
wetcunt had just about decided to drain the tub and shower tonight, the phone
rang. After draining the tub, wetcunt pulled a towel off of the shelf placed it
behind her head and laid down to sleep. After warming the back of the tub will
her body, wetcunt's mind raced for a while, as she felt the piss and cum drying,
wanting desperately to get cleaned up, knowing she wasn't allowed yet made it
hard to get to sleep.  Finally, she started to crash from the session and fell
asleep.

Before she knew it, wetcunt heard the phone ringing loudly. Moving slowly,
wetcunt got out of the tub, walked over to the phone and said, "Thank You, yes
am awake." wetcunt quickly pulled to towel from the tub and scrubbed the cum and
piss out of her hair, off of her body, scrubbing the writing from off of her
tits, belly and cunt, doing the best she could to get it off of her back and
ass. After thoroughly washing, wetcunt got her shithole cleaner ready and
thoroughly cleaned her shithole, going through 3 enemas so that her shithole
would be thoroughly cleaned. Once she was done, wetcunt started to fix her hair
and make-up, putting on proper slut make-up as she knew her Master would wish.
Every few minutes wetcunt would go to check the clock to see what time it was.
At about 8:30 wetcunt started to get dressed for breakfast, putting on the other
set of slut clothes, wetcunt twisted and turned in the mirror trying to make
sure that none of the writing was visible through the clothes. When she was sure
that it wasn't wetcunt went down to breakfast.

wetcunt blushed under some of the looks that she received as she rode down on
the elevator and walked through the lobby to the breakfast bar. she knew what
she must look like to the well-dressed people having breakfast. wetcunt hurried
through her breakfast and returned to her room wishing her Master had allowed
her to use room service. Upon arriving in her room, wetcunt removed her slut
clothes, hanging them back up and then reinserted the shithole plug as it was
about 9. After checking to make sure everything was cleaned up, wetcunt waited
until it was 9:30 and then moved into the position that her Master required,
kneeling on the bed, face down, ass up, shithole plugged, knowing that her
Master would soon be there and He would soon be fucking her ass with an audience
in attendance.




Chapter 11 -- Practice Test (part 5)

As wetcunt knelt waiting, the thought of her Master fucking her shithole had her
cunt dripping madly. her Master knew how much that aroused her, as well as the
fact that she could slop simply from having her shithole fucked. she thought of
how loudly she slopped, how she groans and grunts like a total fuckpig when her
shithole is fucked, and she wondered what the audience listening would think.
The more wetcunt thought of the coming humiliation, the wetter her cunt got.
when wetcunt was almost completely lost in her thoughts, she heard the beeping
of the door as her Master used His key to enter the room. wetcunt wanted
desperately to speak to Him, to look at Him, but knew that she was to hold her
position in silence until her Master said otherwise. As her Master entered the
room, wetcunt heard her Master pick up the phone and ask for room service,
specifically asking to speak to Charles. "How soon, and how many?" wetcunt heard
her Master ask. The quick reply of "very good," told wetcunt nothing,
intensifying her curiosity.

"Seems My fuckpig will have quite an audience today as Master fucks its
shithole. Make Me proud fuckpig. W/we will be starting shortly. Until your
audience gets here, turn around here fuckpig and get your Master's cock good and
wet as that is the only lubrication that will be on it." wetcunt quickly crawled
around to face her Master's cock, taking it deeply in her mouth, wetcunt started
to wet her Master's cock from its tip to His balls. Over and over again, wetcunt
lifted her head to lubricate the entire length of her Master's cock. After a few
minutes a knock was heard at the door, wetcunt's Master called out, "The door is
unlocked, come inside guys, stop in the sitting room area. Turn around cunt and
raise that stuffed ass. Reach back and take that shithole plug out, lay it on
the bed next to you, cunt, and then spread those slut ass cheeks for Master."

As wetcunt moved to do as her Master directed, all she could think about was how
many room service guys were in the next room hearing the paces that her Master
was putting her through. wetcunt felt her Master's cock slowly fill her
stretched shithole, as He slowly pushed it in inch by inch. Once His balls were
flat against wetcunt's ass, wetcunt's Master growled, "Now fuck my cock with
that shithole, slut." As wetcunt started to move her shithole up and down the
length of her Master's cock, she started to moan and groan in pleasure. "That's
it cunt, grunt like the fuckpig you are, just from having your shithole fucked."
As wetcunt's Master continued to humiliate wetcunt verbally, her arousal grew
stronger and stronger until she was squealing as she slopped from the
combination of her Master's words in her ears and her Master's cock in her
shithole. wetcunt slopped repeatedly as she moved feverishly on her Master's
cock until wetcunt heard her Master groan as He came, filling her shithole with
cum. wetcunt started to repeatedly thank her Master for using her shithole, for
letting her slop as T/they both caught their breath. After wetcunt's Master had
finished catching His breath, He reached down to the shithole plug lying on the
bed and pushed it back into place trapping His cum in wetcunt's shithole. "Clean
off Master's cock like a good fuckpig should cunt," and wetcunt heard the bed
creak as she crawled around to face her Master's cock. Bending down low, wetcunt
took her Master's cock deep into her mouth, lapping it completely clean of cum
and lubricant. "Turn around cunt, plugged shithole toward the end of the bed,
get face down with that ass raised, legs spread wide so that shithole plug can
be clearly seen."

After wetcunt moved into that position, she heard her Master zip up His pants
and call the room service guys into the room with them. wetcunt could feel
herself turning beet red, feeling the stares of each of the room service guys,
knowing that they knew her shithole was full of cum. The humiliation of that
moment, the thought of all those strangers looking at her cum-filled, plugged
shithole had wetcunt's cunt dripping down her thighs. wetcunt's humiliation and
arousal grew even stronger as her Master started talking about her directing
even more attention to her. "So what did you think of My slut's performance. Did
you all hear her squeal like the fuckpig that I've trained her to be just from
getting her shithole fucked?" wetcunt wanted desperately to sink into the
bedspread, hide her face, just be anywhere but right there as the room service
guys started to comment. "her squeals made me so fucking hard, almost came in my
pants just from listening to her get ass fucked," said one voice wetcunt didn't
recognize. wetcunt could hear Charles say to the group, "Didn't I tell you guys,
this is one kinky slut." As more of the room service guys spoke, wetcunt lost
track of the number of different voices, so she couldn't tell how many of them
had been in the other room listening to her Master fuck her shithole. "Thank the
men, cunt for helping your Master with your training." Wetcunt turned her head
to the side and softly said, "Thank You Sirs, for helping to train Master's
fuckpig." A loud "you're welcome slut" was the response before wetcunt heard her
Master start directing them toward the door.

wetcunt felt her legs shake as she felt herself starting to drop back from
subspace. "I'm going to give you a few minutes to compose yourself cunt before
W/we continue with today's planned activities. you may sit down on the bed
cunt." wetcunt quietly whispered, "Thank You Master" as she moved from her
shaking legs to sit down on the bed. "you did very well cunt, your Master is
very pleased. you gave great pleasure to both Him and those listening in the
other room, just like a good fuckpig should." wetcunt lifted her drooping head
and smiled at her Master's comment. "Thank You Master, your fuckpig wants
greatly to please You Master." "Well, wetcunt, you have been doing an excellent
job on your practice test so far. There are a couple of more tasks to finish
before the test is done. I know that you will make your Master proud." "yes
Master. Thank You Master," was wetcunt's quick reply.

After a few more minutes of quiet conversation wetcunt's Master said, "All right
slut, it is time to get dressed. W/we are going out. Go fix your hair and makeup
in the bathroom, then return to Me to get dressed. Oh, and bring your toilet
with you when you come out. It will be the last time you will be allowed to piss
for a while, so you better take advantage of it." wetcunt crawled down from the
bed and started to crawl into the bathroom when she heard her Master say, "you
may walk this time, cunt." wetcunt stood up and walked to the bathroom. On
arriving at the bathroom, wetcunt looked at her flushed, sweaty face and mussed
hair and thought that she looked like a slut who had just had the shit fucked
out of her. Chuckling to herself at that thought, wetcunt started to fix her
hair and makeup, reapplying the heavy eye make-up and bright red lipstick. While
wetcunt was fixing her slut make-up, she thought she heard her Master talking,
but couldn't figure out whom He would be talking to. Once she was finished,
wetcunt bent down to pick up her toilet and walked back into the living room.
"Set that down over here and beg for permission to use it before W/we go out.
After you're done using your toilet, pisswhore, just carry it back into the
bathroom, empty your toilet and then come back." The matter-of fact way that her
Master had her beg for permission to piss made wetcunt feel more the slave than
anything else her Master had done up to this point. Reinforcing that she needed
permission for even the most basic of needs.

After returning from emptying her toilet, wetcunt stood before her Master
waiting for His instructions. "I want to see My slut in her shortest leather
slut skirt, the one that barely covers your slut ass. But first I want to see My
slut standing there with nothing but thigh highs and the black heels." wetcunt
quivered as she moved to start dressing for her Master, slowly softly pulling
each thigh high up her leg so that her wet cunt was framed on both sides by the
lace of her stockings. Then stepping up, she fit her feet into the 6-inch black
stiletto heels and moved to stand at attention before her Master, legs spread
wide, cunt dripping madly. "Very nice, cunt, very nice indeed. Now turn around,
I need to see how much of the billboard from yesterday is still showing on your
back." wetcunt slowly turned around and then stood with her back toward her
Master. "Not bad, you got most of it off. Someone would have to be really close
to see those markings. W/we can leave it like that. Now the skirt, cunt."
wetcunt pulled the tight leather skirt into place, the hem of the skirt ending
an inch from the lace of the thigh high hose. "Oh wonderful, you look such the
slut, cunt. Now kneel down, crawl over between Master's legs and lift those
milkbags up to Me." wetcunt dropped to her knees and crawled by inches toward
her Master until she knelt between His knees. Placing a hand beneath each
milkbag, wetcunt lifted them up toward her Master. After pulling wetcunt's right
nipple out firmly bringing it to peak erection, wetcunt's Master pushed a clear
orthodontic rubber band down to the base of wetcunt's right nipple forcing it to
stay erect. Then pulling on wetcunt's left nipple, her Master fastened another
rubber band over the left nipple, pushing it down to the base. "Let go of those
milkbags cunt," wetcunt's Master ordered. As wetcunt released her milkbags, she
noticed a thin filament connecting the two rubber bands forcing her milkbags to
stay close together. "Get up, cunt and jog in place until I tell you to stop."
As wetcunt jogged in place, she could feel the filament and rubber bands pulling
on each of her tits, as her milkbags flopped around in response to her jogging.
"Excellent, now stop cunt. The sheer silk blouse now cunt, only button the last
two buttons." After wetcunt had put on the silk blouse and buttoned the buttons
her Master would allow, wetcunt's Master snapped a couple of pictures of
wetcunt. "Go look at yourself in the mirror slut and tell Me what you see."
wetcunt groaned as she saw herself in the mirror looking like a complete and
utter slut. "A slut Master, i see a cheap whore Master." "Just the image I
wanted cunt, now kneel down and lift your head."

As wetcunt kneeled down, she saw her Master pull the leather leash off of the
toy table. As wetcunt's Master stood before her ready to attach the leash, He
looked deeply into wetcunt's eyes. He could see the swirling thoughts, the oh my
god look on her face at the thought of being led from a hotel like this by a
leash looking like a 5-dollar whore. "Look at Me cunt," her Master softly said
and then waited until He saw wetcunt's mind calm. "Remember, you are mine. I
want you proud that you are My slut. you have your safe word, but remember I
promised that I would not do anything to harm you, emotionally or physically.
Trust Me cunt, make Me proud." wetcunt's Master watched as wetcunt's mind worked
through the conflicting thoughts, fighting the urge to safe word out of this,
wanting desperately to please her Master, not knowing if she could do what He
was asking her to do, then watching as a settled expression came to her face.
wetcunt's Master was filled with pride and joy as His slut quietly, calmly said,
"As You wish Master." As wetcunt's Master told her to rise, a smile came to His
face and He started to think of how He would reward her for her willingness to
stretch this way for Him. Leading wetcunt over to the stack of pictures that she
had autographed, her Master said, "Pick up the pictures, cunt. W/we have an old
friend to visit. I'm sure that He is very interested in the progress that you
have made in your training." And with that wetcunt's Master led her toward the
door, toward her greatest fear.




Chapter 12 -- Practice Test (part 6)

wetcunt's heart was beating furiously as Master led her from the room. So lost
was she in hearing the pounding of her own heart that she didn't notice
immediately that her Master turned right in the corridor instead of left. When
she realized, she started to wonder why they were moving away from the
elevators. she knew better than to ask and quietly walked behind her Master
until coming to another set of elevators. As the elevator doors opened, she
heard her Master say, "Thank you Charles for letting Myself and My slut use the
service elevators. A slut on a leash might be too much for the other hotel
guests to deal with." As wetcunt's Master led her into the elevator, He started
to say, "I think My slut needs to find some way to thank Charles for keeping it
from having to walk down 12 flights of stairs in those heels. I know what, cunt,
look Charles straight in the eye and say Thank You Sir like a proper slut
should, then while He is watching, use some of that cunt snot that I KNOW has to
be leaking from your sloppy cunt and show Him how Master has His slut slop
itself."

wetcunt could feel her face burning as she looked up from the floor of the
elevator, all the while wondering why she was still so embarrassed as Charles
had already seen her fuck herself with a dildo and heard her slop from getting
her ass fucked. wetcunt licked her dry lips and said quietly, "Thank You Sir for
allowing this slut to ride in this elevator." After Charles said, "you're
welcome slut," wetcunt lifted the hem of her leather skirt and reaching down
between her legs started wetting her hands with cunt juice and wiping it all
over her face. wetcunt's hands shook and her eyes filled with tears as Charles
watched her pull handful after handful of cunt juice out and smear it all over
her face. "Don't forget those milkbags too cunt, smear some of that cunt snot on
those milkbags as well," her Master commanded. wetcunt wiped the next few
handfuls all over her milkbags causing her shirt to stick to the wet skin. "Stop
for now cunt, and thank Charles again for His part in your training cunt."
wetcunt once more softly thanked Charles for helping Master train His fuckpig as
the elevator stopped in the parking deck.

As the elevator door opened, wetcunt moved to lower the hem of her skirt. "Stop,
did I tell you that you could put your skirt down cunt????," her Master barked.
"Nnnno Master," was the quick reply. "Then keep that skirt up and that sloppy
cunt exposed until I tell you differently. In fact as partially punishment for
assuming, you will walk to the car with that skirt held up." wetcunt wished she
could die right on the spot, her mind screaming for her to safe word out, her
mouth actually opening ready to safe word when she noticed that the service
elevator opened not very far from where she had parked. Wetcunt gulped, and
again opened her mouth to safe word, when her Master looked at her and gently
said, "Trust Me, cunt." wetcunt swallowed hard one more time, her whole body
shaking as her mind raced, and finally she whispered, "Yes Master."

With that her Master started leading her from the elevator, skirt lifted, cunt
exposed. Instead of heading toward her car, wetcunt's Master walked in the other
direction. Each step wetcunt wanted to sink into the pavement. The walk seemed
to go on for miles, but was really only about 20 feet until wetcunt's Master led
her to the passenger side door of His car. "May Your slut have permission to
enter please Master," wetcunt quietly asked, hoping that her Master would let
out her quickly before anyone showed up. "Open your mouth, slut," was her
Master's reply. As wetcunt opened her mouth, her Master lay the leash across her
mouth so that the handle was hanging out the other side. "Close your mouth slut
and hold your leash for your Master. After Master has gotten in the other side,
and unlocked the door, you may get in slut. That skirt stays up and the leash
stays in your mouth until W/we get to O/our destination." As wetcunt's Master
walked around the car, wetcunt heard one door lock open. As wetcunt stood there,
leash in her mouth, vainly trying not to drool all over her chin and tits, she
heard her Master get in and start the car. After wetcunt's Master had adjusted
the radio, checked His mirrors and fastened His seat belt, wetcunt finally heard
the other door unlock and she moved to climb in, struggling to hold both the
pictures and her skirt and grasp the handle of the door at the same time. After
about 4 attempts to open the door, her hands sweating and shaking more with each
failed attempt, wetcunt's Master leaned over and opened the door, finally
letting wetcunt in.

"Sit down cunt, bare ass on the seat, skirt up around your waist, legs spread
until W/we arrive." wetcunt struggled to get into position, holding her skirt
high and the pictures tight. As wetcunt's Master pulled out of the parking deck
and out onto the street, He reached over and started pinching and flicking at
wetcunt's clit, causing wetcunt to strain forward for more pressure. "Be still,
cunt. No humping like a bitch in heat. Master wants His slut to make a huge
puddle of cunt juice for it to lap up when W/we get out." Unable to speak,
wetcunt bit her lip to try to stay in place, wanting desperately to move, to
hump her Master's finger. wetcunt listened to her Master chuckle as her groans
of agony as He continued to torture wetcunt's clit, stopping every few moments
as He sensed wetcunt was about to slop. When finally wetcunt didn't think she
could take anymore, her Master pulled into a parking lot. As wetcunt looked
around she realized it was a parking lot that she knew well, it was the parking
lot of the slut equipping shop that she had visited every week.

"I'm sure that the cashier who witnessed your earlier performance would like to
see how My slut's training is going, how the slut's equipment is being used.
Don't you think cunt?" wetcunt tried to answer, but only a garbled response made
it past the leash in wetcunt's mouth. "And doesn't My slut just look the part of
a total greedy fuckpig, drool all over her chin and milkbags, dripping wet cunt,
with cunt snot covering her face, milkbags and thighs, and a shithole plug
keeping her Master's cum in her ass. I'm sure the cashier will like the look of
My fuckpig very much. Master will come around and let His fuckpig out as it
can't seem to handle the door. He will also take the leash out of His fuckpig's
mouth, so that it can clean the cunt juice off of the seat. Once the seat is
clean to Master's satisfaction, you will be allowed to put your skirt down cunt.
you best do a good job cleaning the seat the first time and not rush through it
so that you can put your skirt down faster, because if Master has to make you
clean it a second time, the cashier will get to watch your Master spanking that
naked, plugged ass."

Before wetcunt was ready, her Master was opening the passenger side door and
taking the leash out of wetcunt's mouth, leading her out of the car. wetcunt
climbed down from the seat and quickly turned around to face a huge puddle of
cunt juice. "What a slut, look at the puddle of cunt juice. Beg Master for
permission to clean His seat, slut." wetcunt begged feverishly, "Please Master,
please let Your slut clean the cunt juice from Your seat. Please Master, please
let Your fuckpig lap up its cunt snot." "All right cunt, remember what I said
about doing a good job." wetcunt quickly bend over and started lapping the
puddle of cunt snot over and over, running her tongue up and down the entire
length of the seat, all the while her Master chuckling at what a cum hungry slut
she was. After wetcunt had licked every inch of the seat at least three times,
she lifted her head and said, "Am finished Master. If it please You, please
examine Your slut's job." As wetcunt watched her Master bend down and closely
examine the seat, she hoped that He would allow her to lower her skirt soon,
that He thought the seat was clean enough. "It will do, you may lower your skirt
cunt. Though remember holding your skirt up was only partial punishment for
presuming, you will be experiencing the rest of the punishment inside. Now walk
cunt."

After wetcunt's Master led her into the slut equipping shop and up to the
counter, wetcunt's Master greeted the cashier and ordered wetcunt to place the
pictures on the counter and then do the same. "Good day Sir," wetcunt quietly
said. "I thought You might like to see how My slut's training is going seeing as
how You supplied most of the tools that I've been using to train her." wetcunt
heard her Master ask the cashier if He would enjoy that. "Well, I'm not too busy
at the moment," the cashier replied, "should be a way to hold the boredom at
bay. What can the slut do?" "W/we will start with the slut showing You what it
has in her shithole. Turn around slut, raise your skirt and show the nice man
your shithole. While He is taking a good look at My slut's ass, tell Him what
you have up your ass, slut, what that plug is holding in." wetcunt was so glad
to be turning around and bending over, so that she could just look at the floor.
As she bend over, wetcunt lifted the back hem of her skirt exposing her plugged
ass and dripping wet cunt. "Tuck the hem in the waistband slut and then pull
those ass cheeks apart so that He can get a good look at how His toys are being
used."

When wetcunt finally got the hem tucked into the waistband of her skirt, she
reached back and pulled hard on her ass cheeks spreading them wide. The cool air
against her burning hot cunt caused her to moan with pleasure. wetcunt could
hear the cashier move from behind the counter and move in closer to inspect her
widely spread ass cheeks and the plug stuffed in her shithole. "So what is this
plug holding in cunt?" the cashier asked. "my Master's cum Sir," wetcunt
replied. "Ah so You have trained this slut's shithole then," the cashier asked.
"Oh yes, tell Him cunt, how many times you slopped earlier today just from
having your shithole fucked and what else was happening while your Master was
fucking your shithole." "this slut slopped twice while Master was fucking its
shithole and the room service guys were listening in the other room as this slut
grunted as it slopped Sir," wetcunt quietly said, her face turning beet red. "Oh
well done Sir, it looks like this slut is getting trained to be an excellent
fuckpig."

"Well, not entirely, in fact, this slut has some punishment coming from
presuming that she could lower her skirt without her Master's permission. she
has had some of the punishment already, but I wanted to do the rest of her
punishment in front of You. I think it will have a more lasting impression that
way. I want My slut to know that when it acts on its own in front of others, it
causes its Master to lose face in front of others." wetcunt started shaking as
her Master spoke, having not even thought of it from that perspective. wetcunt
bowed her head and waited for her Master's next word, wanting to ask Him to
forgive her for her presumption. "Turn around and kneel down cunt, and tuck that
hem in to the waistband in the front as well," her Master ordered sharply.
wetcunt quickly complied tucking in the waistband and spreading her thighs wide.
"If You would please go onto Your shelves and pick out a suitable cock that You
would like to see this slut fuck herself with when her punishment is done while
I explain to this slut what her presumption does. your presumption, your moving
without My permission causes your Master to look badly, to be red in the face
that He hasn't properly trained His slut. Do you understand cunt?" "yes Master,"
wetcunt said as she bowed her head. "And because your actions have caused your
Master to be red in the face, it seems a fitting punishment that you should be
red in the face. So as the rest of your punishment, your face will be cock
slapped until I feel like it is the appropriate shade of red. I will slap My
slut with My cock and the cashier will use the cock that He has picked out for
you to fuck yourself with later. Prior to your punishment starting, you will
humbly apologize to your Master, in front of others, like you embarrassed Him in
front of others and you will beg to be punished for your transgression. Do you
UNDERSTAND cunt?" As wetcunt answered, "yes Master," the cashier came back from
the shelves with the biggest cock that wetcunt had ever seen. It must have been
a foot long and almost 5 inches wide. "Good choice, very good choice," wetcunt's
Master said when He saw it.

"Kneel up cunt and put your hands behind your back. Once they are in place, you
know what to do." As wetcunt moved her hands behind her back, the cashier moved
to her left side and her Master moved to her right side and unzipped His pants.
"Master, wetcunt is very sorry for her presumption and the embarrassment that it
caused You. Please forgive Your slut and please, Master, please punish Your slut
for its actions." "Face up cunt, eyes open and head still." As soon as wetcunt's
Master said those words both He and the cashier started to cock slap wetcunt's
face over and over again, from her forehead down to her chin and back again.
wetcunt's face was stinging, getting hotter and hotter, tears rolling down her
cheeks as her face was cock slapped again and again. Finally the cockslapping
stopped and wetcunt's Master asked her is she had something to say. "Thank You
Master and Sir for disciplining this slut."

"Now, cunt, take that monster cock, climb up on the counter and spread those
slut legs wide so We can watch you slop all over that monster cock." wetcunt
quietly took the cock as the cashier held it out to her and climbed up on the
counter. Spreading her legs wide, wetcunt groaned loudly as her cunt was
stretched from just the head of the cock. "Slam it in there cunt. Fuck that
slophole hard." wetcunt strained to push the entire cock into her cunt,
screaming as her slophole stretched more, finally getting the cock in down to
the balls, she pulled it firmly out, only to drive it back in hard once more. It
wasn't but a minute until wetcunt was pleading, "Master, may Your slut slop,
please Master, may Your slut slop." "Slop cunt, slop hard." wetcunt shook
violently almost falling off the counter as she came, over and over again, cunt
juice covering the huge cock in her cunt. "Thank You Master, Thank You Master,"
wetcunt babbled over and over again as she tried to catch her breath. "Now cunt,
anoint each one of those pictures with the cunt juice that I know you just
made."

As wetcunt took the huge cock out of her cunt, cunt juice poured from her
slophole. Gathering it up, wetcunt put some on each of the autographed pictures.
"Use the rest on your face and milkbags cunt. Then look the gentleman in the
eye, Thank Him for helping with your training, and ask Him nicely if He would
allow you to leave your pictures here for anyone who wants them." After again
slopping her face and milkbags with cunt juice, wetcunt raised her head and
thanked the cashier for helping her Master train her. "Please Sir, Please may
this slut leave her cunt snot covered pictures here for distribution." "I guess
so slut, and you're welcome. Helping your Master train you helped pass the
time."

"Get down from the counter, cunt and lower your skirt. How much for the cock?"
"It's on the house, the performance paid for it." "Time to go, cunt. Say good
bye to the nice man." "Good bye Sir," wetcunt quietly said as her Master led her
back outside and to the car. "May Your slut enter Master?" "Yes cunt, in fact as
soon as W/we are inside, you will be taking care of Master's hard cock." "Thank
You Master," wetcunt whispered as she smiled.




Chapter 13 -- Practice Test (part 7)

As soon as wetcunt and her Master got into the car, wetcunt's Master started to
speak, "Week after week as you came to and in this parking lot, I thought of
this moment, of bringing you here for the first time with Me and of sitting in
this car with My slut's mouth cunt wrapped around My cock making Me cum in this
parking lot, like I had allowed it to. you have very well on your practice test
so far, cunt. I wonder if this moment will live up to how it has played out in
My mind over and over again." As wetcunt sat listening to her Master's word, she
wanted desperately to please Him better than He had imagined. So when her Master
had finished speaking, wetcunt asked, "Master, may wetcunt ask two things of You
Master?" "you may, slut." So wetcunt continued, "One, may wetcunt have
permission to beg to suck Your cock and balls Master and two, may wetcunt have
permission to try to exceed Your imagination by giving her free rein to show You
how much she wants to please You Master." wetcunt's heart was thrilled as her
Master quickly replied, "Yes to both requests slut."

Upon hearing her Master's reply, wetcunt kneeled down on the floor of the car
and with her eyes lowered, started begging, "Please Master, Your slut humbly
begs for permission to suck Your glorious cock Master, to have Your cum fill its
mouth cunt. Please Master, please allow Your slut to fill its mouth cunt with
Your balls, Your cock, Your cum. Please Master." For almost five minutes,
wetcunt knelt on the floor and begged her Master for permission to suck His cock
and balls. When wetcunt was finally granted permission, she crawled over as
close as possible to her Master and leaning up grasped the zipper of His jeans
with her teeth and slowly lowered it. As the zipper lowered, wetcunt's face was
once again slapped with her Master's cock as it sprang free. Rubbing her face
all over her Master's cock, wetcunt's face was soon covered with her Master's
precum. wetcunt then kneeled up and moved to unbuckle her Master's belt with her
teeth as well. After struggling for a while, wetcunt moved to open it with her
hands. "Guess I know what My slut will have to work on next," her Master said
chuckling. wetcunt quietly replied, "Yes Master," as she released her Master's
balls from His jeans and lowered her head to suckle each ball in her mouth,
first the left, then the right, finally holding both balls in her mouth as she
ran her tongue over them.

Then after re-wetting her face with her Master's precum, wetcunt knelt back up
on the seat, tucking her skirt hem in the waistband of her skirt as she crawled
up. "So You can see how much Your slut wishes to please You Master and how big a
slut it wishes to be for You Master." Kneeling over her Master, hands gently
cupping His balls, plugged ass high in the air, visible through the passenger
window, wetcunt started lapping at the pisshole in her Master's cock, bathing
her tongue with His precum. Then slowly wetcunt wrapped her tongue around the
head of her Master's cock, stroking, teasing, trying to draw not only her
Master's cum, but also His groans of pleasure with her tongue, her mouth. As
wetcunt felt her Master's cock grow harder, she started lowering her head down
over the length of His cock, burying the head deep in her throat, forcing her
throat to relax so that she could hold her Master's cock deep in her throat,
milking the cum from His cock. Over and over again, wetcunt would rise up to
breathe and then lower again, each stroke wetcunt moved harder, faster, deeper,
sucking intently, wanting her mouth filled with her Master's cum, wanting to
please her Master far beyond His expectation or imagination. Finally wetcunt was
rewarded as her Master arched back growling, "Here it comes, cunt. Hold your
Master's cum in your mouth cunt. Don't swallow," and her Master shot load after
load into wetcunt's waiting, willing mouth. wetcunt struggled not to swallow, as
her Master continued to spurt more cum into her already full mouth. When
wetcunt's Master finished, some of His cum had drizzled out of wetcunt's mouth
and down onto her already wet and sticky shirt.

"cunt, you seem to be making an absolute mess of yourself today, covered in cum,
drool, W/we will have to do something about that shortly, but for now, kneel
down as you are on the floor and hold your Master's cum in your mouth until I
tell you to swallow." wetcunt quickly knelt down on the floor, wanting
desperately to know if she had exceeded her Master's imagination, but unable to
ask. "Normally a slut cleans her Master's cock for Him with her mouth after He
allows her the pleasure of sucking His cum from it, but given the current
circumstances, W/we will forego that this time. So, crawl over here cunt, Master
will use His slut's hair to clean His cock, as its mouth isn't up to the task at
the moment."

wetcunt groaned around the cum in her mouth as her Master wiped His cock all
through her hair, spreading the cum residue. "Crawl back, cunt. W/we have to
take care of what a mess you have become," her Master said as He tucked His cock
back into His jeans and re-zipped His pants. Starting up the car, wetcunt's
Master commanded, "Spread those legs wide, slut. Master wants to watch His slut
tease that clit over and over again until W/we get to our next destination. you
are NOT allowed to slop. If you slop without My permission, you will have your
stuffed ass bared and whipped with My belt in the middle of O/our next stop.
When you get close to slopping, take your hand away for a minute and then start
again." wetcunt shifted slightly so that her legs were as widely spread as the
space allowed and then reaching between her spread thighs slowly started
pinching, pulling and teasing her hard clit. her breathing echoed throughout the
car as it grew louder and faster the closer she got to slopping. After only a
couple of minutes, wetcunt pulled her hand back and looked up at the clock, then
after a minute she started again. Each time her clit burned worse, each time the
screaming need to slop grew louder, harder to battle back. Only the image of
having her ass publicly beaten pulled wetcunt's hands from her clit.

Finally her Master pulled into yet another parking lot and stopped the car. From
wetcunt's position on the floor, she could not see where T/they were. wetcunt
stayed kneeling on the floor of the car, as her Master walked around to the
passenger side of the car. As He opened the door, he grasped wetcunt's leash and
started to lead wetcunt from the car, lowering her skirt as He lead her out. As
wetcunt looked around, she saw that her Master had brought her to a beauty salon
and was leading her to the door by her leash. Panic filled her heart, her mind,
her eyes as wetcunt pulled back on the leash. wetcunt moved to swallow her
Master's cum to safe word just as her Master turned around to face her. "I am
bringing you to a shop owned by a friend of Mine, slut. you are safe. Trust Me,
cunt. Make Me proud." wetcunt slowly nodded her head and moved forward toward
the beauty salon. Upon entering the salon, wetcunt heard the owner greet her
Master like an old friend. "So this is the slut that You told Me about. Is it
always this rude that it doesn't properly greet a friend of Yours," wetcunt
heard the shop owner ask, knowing full well that her Master was going to make
her show the owner why she hadn't done a proper greeting. wetcunt's face burned
as her Master did just that, "slut, show My friend that I don't have a rude
slut, only a well-used one. Open your mouth and hold out your tongue." Tears ran
down wetcunt's face as she opened her mouth and stuck out her cum covered tongue
to show the salon owner that she wasn't trying to be rude. "she's not allowed to
swallow until I give her permission. cunt, so My friend doesn't think I have
trained a rude or disobedient slut, look directly in her eyes and swallow your
Master's cum, then properly greet My old friend." wetcunt lifted her face to
look directly into the salon owner's eyes and slowly swallowed her Master's cum.
Then wetcunt softly said, "Greetings Ms Linda Ma'am. Please forgive this slut's
early silence."

Without a word or even a nod of reply, the salon owner turned to her Master and
said, "It looks like Your slut is looking a little worse for wear, Sir Michael.
What is all over its hair?" "Tell Her, slut," wetcunt's Master ordered. wetcunt
stammered her reply, "MMMMaster's cum, Ms Linda Ma'am." wetcunt had never felt
more humiliated, as the salon owner chuckled softly, "Well, when a slut's mouth
is busy, a Master's cock has to be cleaned somewhere. Do You want Me to take
care of that, Sir Michael?" "Yes, I actually have a couple of things that I want
done to My slut. First, of course, wash and style its hair. Next, I want it to
get a full facial and fix its make-up. And I want one more thing done if it can
be. slut, lift your skirt and let Ms Linda look at your cunt." wetcunt slowly
lifted her skirt, the shame and humiliation of showing her dripping wetcunt to
another woman somehow greater than revealing it to a man. "What do You think of
My slut's cunt, Ms Linda," wetcunt's Master asked as He watched wetcunt's face
turning a bright red color. "It is very lovely, Sir Michael. I envy You Your
slut." "Thank You, Ms Linda. it is becoming a very well trained slut. But what I
really wanted to know is can it be waxed with its cunt hair so short?" wetcunt
shook as Ms Linda reached out and started to slowly stroke her fingers over
wetcunt's dripping cunt. "I think You will have more problem with the constant
dripping and not the length of the hair. Yes I can wax it," Ms Linda replied.
"Very good, then those are the three things that I want done to My slut."

"Lead her into the back to the sinks Sir Michael and have her strip while I go
get the waxing cart." wetcunt slowly walked back still holding her skirt up,
knowing she had not received permission to put it down, knowing that in a moment
she would be naked anyway so it would soon be more than just her cunt exposed.
"Very good, cunt. It seems you have learned your lesson about presuming. Now you
heard Ms Linda, strip down to just your collar and the shithole plug." wetcunt
slowly unbuttoned her leather skirt and slid it down her hips, carefully folding
it and placing it on a near by chair. Then unbuttoning her blouse, she placed
that on the chair as well. Finally removing her heels and thigh highs, wetcunt
places those on the chair as well. As wetcunt was placing the last items on the
chair, Ms Linda walked in pushing a cart. "Have her put her shoes back on Sir
Michael, stray hairs can be worse that slivers and those slut heels won't get in
the way of the waxing the way that slut hose would have." "Do what Ms Linda
tells you to do slut," wetcunt's Master directed as He sat down in a chair
opposite the sink. wetcunt stepped back into her shoes as her Master directed
her to, feeling more naked, more the slut with them on then with them off.

"Sit down in the chair by the sink slut and spread your legs over each arm. I
need that cunt spread good and wide for the waxing." As wetcunt sat and lifted
each leg over the arm of the chair, she could feel her cunt dripping furiously
to be so exposed, so naked in front of her Master and His friend. "Knew keeping
that cunt dry would be the hardest part," Ms Linda laughingly said as she wiped
wetcunt's cunt dry with a towel. "Maybe I should have you sit on this towel to
catch all that cunt juice? Slide forward slut and raise your ass," Ms Linda
directed. As wetcunt slid forward, Ms Linda placed the towel under her ass.
"There that should serve as a good cunt juice catcher. I can see why You have
called this slut wetcunt Sir Michael. it is aptly named." With that, Ms Linda
lowered the back of the chair and placed a warm cloth over wetcunt's wide spread
cunt preparing it for the waxing. As Ms Linda talked with Sir Michael, she
started to cover wetcunt's face with a mud mask. Then she moved down and raised
the lower half of the chair, lifting wetcunt's spread legs and exposed cunt
higher, causing wetcunt to feel further exposed and open. Removing the warm
cloth, Ms Linda stirred the hot wax and spread some over the left side of
wetcunt's cunt lips, quickly covering it with a cloth. "This may sting a bit,
but you are to stay still, slut," Ms Linda said as she sharply pulled the cloth
back and off. wetcunt dug her fingers into the arm of the chair to keep from
moving. Next wetcunt felt Ms Linda spread wax on the right side of her widely
spread cunt and then cover it with a different cloth. "Hold still," Ms Linda
commanded as she pulled back once more. Ms Linda once more slowly rubbed
wetcunt's bare cunt feeling for any hairs, causing wetcunt to groan as Ms Linda
would brush wetcunt's clit with each stroke. wetcunt wanted desperately to beg
to slop, to beg for Ms Linda to continue to stroke her clit. The thoughts of how
she wanted to beg, confused wetcunt as she considered herself completely
straight.


"I think Your slut is having a hard time staying still Sir Michael. it keeps
wanting to hump My hand," Ms Linda said chuckling. "Be Still Slut," wetcunt's
Master barked. "I know that you are a greedy slut, but I just let you slop a
little bit ago. Do W/we need another lesson on control slut?" "Nnnno Master,"
wetcunt stuttered as she fought to hold still under Ms Linda's continual
stroking and teasing. "Guess that cunt is as clean as I'm going to be able to
make it. To keep it that way, she should have it waxed every few weeks." "W/we
will make an appointment for My slut to do that before W/we leave Ms Linda.
Thank you for that suggestion." Ms Linda moved back toward the head of the
chair, leaving wetcunt's legs widely spread and raised and started to gently
remove the dried mud from wetcunt's face. "Guess that should get all that dried
cum off your face, slut. W/we will have to do something about that after Ms
Linda is finished with you," wetcunt's Master remarked. As Ms Linda started to
wash wetcunt's hair, wetcunt's Master continued, "I want that waterproof make-up
You have Ms Linda, really heavy slut style. Also I want My slut's nipples and
cunt rouged as well. Also when You're done with My slut's make-up and hair, can
You look at its back and see if those markings are too apparent. I'm taking My
slut out later and I don't want to be embarrassed by its markings." Ms Linda
replied, "I'll look at them after I sit her up to style her hair. I think that
cunt should be dry enough now to put the first coat of rouge on it."

wetcunt then felt Ms Linda pull her cunt lips apart and painting her cunt from
top to bottom with what she knew must be rouge. After about a minute, wetcunt
felt Ms Linda's breath blowing across her cunt, and she struggled to hold still,
knowing that if she moved it would displease her Master. wetcunt moaned loudly
as Ms Linda continued to blow her rouged-cunt dry. "Is that dark enough, or do
You want another coat or two, Sir Michael?" Ms Linda asked. "Darker, I think. I
want My slut's cunt as beet red as its face gets." wetcunt bit her lips, drove
her fingernails into the palms of her hands as she strained not to move through
3 more coatings of rouge and the subsequent drying. "I think that looks good.
What do You think Sir Michael?" wetcunt saw her Master walk over and closely
examine her rouged cunt, spreading her cunt lips with His fingers, causing
wetcunt to groan louder fighting her urge to hump. "YES, I think that will do
nicely. Finish the slut's hair and make-up please Ms Linda. Same level of rouge
on its nipples."

Ms Linda quickly went to work, first bending wetcunt over after putting the back
of the seat up and scrubbing wetcunt's back clean with fingernail polish
remover, then turning wetcunt so that she couldn't see the mirror, Ms Linda
started styling wetcunt's hair and applying her make-up. Ms Linda repeated the
process of applying the rouge to wetcunt's nipples and then blowing them dry,
chuckling as they grew harder and longer with each coating of rouge. Finally Ms
Linda stepped back and looked wetcunt over. "All finished Sir Michael. Your slut
now looks just like a complete and total fuckpig should." "Actually will have to
differ with You there Ms Linda, there is one thing missing. it is no longer
covered with cum. W/we will have to fix that right now. Please lower the back of
the chair again Ms Linda. As soon as that chair is lowered cunt, I want you to
show Ms Linda what a huge cum slut you are by making yourself slop as quickly as
possible. In fact, you have a time limit. If you can't make yourself slop in 5
minutes, you won't get to again for a long while. you will after those 5 minutes
take all that cunt snot and wipe it all over your slut face and tits, watching
Ms Linda as you do and thanking Her for using waterproof make-up so that you can
be covered with cum like you crave without ruining your slut make-up. As a
matter of fact, continue playing with that clit for the full 5 minutes, slopping
as many times as you can slut, showing Ms Linda how much of a slut Master has."

As soon as the chair was lowered, wetcunt's fingers dove to her clit, rubbing,
pulling, pinching, slopping in just over a minute. wetcunt continued to play
with her clit, slopping twice more before her Master said "Stop." wetcunt then
turned her eyes toward Ms Linda, and as she thanked Ms Linda for using cunt
juice proof make-up, wetcunt smeared cunt juice all over her face and milkbags
until they were dripping wet. "Raise the chair up please Ms Linda and let My
slut get a good look at herself." As wetcunt was spun around, she gasped in
shock at how she looked. her tits, her cunt stood out so that clearly from the
rouging, her hair was teased high, her make-up screamed slut. her face burned as
she looked into the mirror, but her cunt also dripped. "How long will the rouge
last Ms Linda?" wetcunt's Master asked. "Well, with the number of coats that I
applied, it will be three weeks before it fades entirely." "Ah, just in time for
wetcunt's next appointment. I want the same treatment, cunt lips waxed and
rouged, nipples rouged, facial, etc. each time wetcunt comes which will be every
three weeks until I say otherwise. Do you understand cunt?" "yes Master,"
wetcunt replied. "Now Thank Ms Linda for her time and effort and get dressed.
W/we have other stops to make." As wetcunt stepped out of the chair, she turned,
bowed her head and thanked Ms Linda. Then as she moved to put on her slut
clothes, she heard Ms Linda ask, "You're having her wear those filthy clothes
Sir Michael?" As wetcunt heard her Master chuckle, "Yes Ms Linda, for a little
while, for a little while." she gulped wondering what else her Master had
planned for her.




Chapter 14 -- Practice Test (part 8)

As wetcunt finished getting dressed, she heard her Master make an appointment
for her for three weeks from today. she stood and waited silently as Master and
Ms. Linda talked as if she wasn't even there. Finally wetcunt heard her Master
tell her to say goodbye to Ms. Linda and to hand Him her leash. As wetcunt knelt
handing her Master the end of her leash, she softly said, "Thank You again Ms.
Linda, be well." "See you in three weeks wetcunt, and you're welcome," Ms. Linda
replied as Master had wetcunt rise from her knees and started walking her out
the door. "you did very well in there wetcunt. I think you also learned some
things that W/we will explore another time, for now W/we need to get you out of
those filthy cum-soaked clothes. Won't it be fun watching My slut try on clothes
with its nipples and cunt bright red." wetcunt shook from the thought of it,
wondered where Master was taking her, wondered if she could do what He was
asking. As though He could hear her silent thoughts, wetcunt's Master turned and
stopped wetcunt, catching hold of her chin and lifting her face, "I know your
fears cunt. I know your limits. I will stretch you, but never harm you. Trust
Me." wetcunt quietly replied, "Yes Master, will trust You."

With that wetcunt's Master continued to lead wetcunt back toward the car. After
giving wetcunt permission to get in, reminding her to have her skirt raised to
her waist, wetcunt's Master got in the driver's seat and pulled something out of
His leather vest. wetcunt saw the leather blindfold as her Master placed it over
her eyes and told her to sit back. The loss of her vision had wetcunt's heart
and mind racing once more. As wetcunt's Master started the car, He quietly said,
"Remember what I said slut." His words calmed wetcunt's mind although her heart
was still pounding out of her chest. wetcunt willed herself to relax and to
trust her Master, and slowly her heart calmed as well. As wetcunt's Master
drove, He ran His fingers over His slut's widely-spread, soaking wet, red cunt,
chuckling each time wetcunt groaned from pleasure. "you should see yourself
slut, bright red nipples clearly seen through your slut top, bright red cunt
dripping with cunt juice. you are such a huge slut, wetcunt." As He spoke,
wetcunt's Master would dip His fingers into His slut's dripping cunt and smear
cunt juice over the exposed portions of its face and milkbags, bathing them time
and again with cunt juice. "you will smell and look like a proper fuckpig should
slut. Every one at O/our next stop will know just from smell alone what a HUGE
slut I have."

Before long, wetcunt felt the car come to a stop and heard her Master shut off
the engine. wetcunt heard the driver's side door open and close and then felt
and heard the passenger side door open. As her Master spoke softly to wetcunt,
He took a hold of her leash and her arm, helping her from the car. "Hold on to
Me cunt, feel My arm around you, just walk normally, I won't let you fall."
wetcunt listened intently for sounds around her to try to figure out where she
was, where her Master had brought her. Without her sight, wetcunt had no choice
but to walk where her Master led. In her mind were visions of being led like
this looking and smelling like a complete slut through a busy mall or shopping
center. Then wetcunt spoke to herself, "Master, wouldn't do that. you are safe,
you are safe." Finally wetcunt felt her Master come to a stop and then heard
some rapping on a door. As she heard the door open, wetcunt heard her Master
thanking whoever opened it and felt Him start leading her through it. her Master
continued to lead her forward a few more paces and then came to a stop releasing
her arm. Without the feel of her Master's arm, wetcunt started to shake, her
head going to and fro to try to find Him, her hands unconsciously reaching up to
move the blindfold. "Will I have to bind your hands in place, cunt," wetcunt
heard her Master ask. Relieved to hear His voice, wetcunt lowered her hands and
bowed her head, "No, Master." "Very good, cunt."

As wetcunt stood there, she felt and heard her Master detach the leash from her
collar. After it was off, she heard her Master say, "So what do You think, do
You have something else I can dress My slut in. As You can see, its clothes are
covered with cum and sweat and I won't have it dressed like that for O/our next
stop." A voice that wetcunt didn't recognize answered her Master by saying,
"Well, it is hard to tell unless I can see Your slut without its clothes on. I
agree that the clothes the slut is wearing now stink of cum and sweat and though
that is how a good slut should smell, it wouldn't be appropriate for Y/your next
stop." wetcunt's face burned with shame as her Master and this total Stranger
talked about how she smelled of cum and sweat. wetcunt's head dropped lower and
lower the longer They talked. her mind raced afraid of what she was sure her
Master would next command her to do and when the command came wetcunt knew she
had been right. "Strip slut so My friend can see if He has something appropriate
for you to wear." wetcunt desperately wished that she could see where she was,
but also was extremely glad that she could not. With shaking hands, wetcunt
reached up and started to unbutton the three buttons of her silk blouse and
slowly remove it. Then reaching behind her, wetcunt unbuttoned and unzipped the
leather skirt and as she moved to lower it, wetcunt felt a hand steady her as
she stepped out of the skirt. As wetcunt went to slide the thigh highs down her
legs, the other voice said, "That's enough as far as I'm concerned. I can work
with that. Unless You want Your slut to completely strip." wetcunt stood
waiting, feeling more naked than if she was naked in her black thigh highs and
slut shoes as her Master audibly hummed and hawed deciding if His slut should
strip further. "That's far enough slut. Hands to your side, head up." wetcunt
quickly moved into the position that her Master had commanded and waited for
whatever would happen next.

Hardly a moment had passed when wetcunt felt someone's hand trailing over her
tits. "Nice set of milkbags Your slut has. Will have to measure them. Love the
color on its nipples. I think slut's tits should look just like that." Then as
the stranger's hand moved down wetcunt's body, He continued His description.
"Short waist, nice long legs, bright red dripping wet cunt. You have an
excellent slut here. I think I have something that will do nicely for Your slut.
Hands behind your head slut, need to do some measuring." As wetcunt put her
hands behind her head she felt a measuring tape stretched across her milkbags,
then around her waist, then her hips. "Spread your legs wide slut." As wetcunt
spread her legs, she groaned as she felt her cunt dripping down the tops of her
thighs. "W/we may need to change these hose after all. Your slut has such a wet
dripping cunt that she may ruin them." wetcunt heard her Master chuckle as the
stranger said that. "See wetcunt, I named you well." After measuring wetcunt's
inseam, wetcunt felt the stranger's hand gently tease her cunt and clit. wetcunt
struggled to keep her legs spread wide as a complete stranger touched her
dripping cunt, but at the same time, wetcunt also felt the urge to spread her
legs wider to allow Him greater access. "Your slut is truly aptly named Sir,"
wetcunt heard the Stranger say as He removed His hand after running it along the
length of her cunt one more time. "Those bands will make her nipples stand up
nice and clear through the outfit I have in mind, and with her long legs, the
side slits will look wonderful. I will be right back with the outfit for Your
approval Sir."

wetcunt heard the Stranger's footsteps walking away as she heard her Master say,
"you did very well cunt. Was somewhat surprised that you didn't safe word when a
total stranger started stroking that cunt of yours. I think you are finding out
you are more of a slut that you thought you were. Am I right cunt?" wetcunt felt
tears come to her eyes and her head started to lower as she opened her mouth to
say, "Yes Master." "Get that head up cunt, I want to see My slut's face as it
answers Me. Are you more of a slut than you thought you were cunt?" Struggling
to hold her head up, feeling her face turning beet red, wetcunt softly said,
"Yes Master, am more of a slut than i thought Master." "you liked getting that
cunt stroked, even by someone you have never seen, didn't you cunt?" Quieter
still, wetcunt replied, "Yes Master." "Speak up slut, I can't hear you. you are
such a huge slut as to like your cunt getting stroked by a complete and total
stranger aren't you cunt?" Louder, head in place, tears running down her face,
wetcunt answered, "Yes Master am a huge slut who liked getting my cunt stroked
by a complete and total stranger." "As a good fuckpig should, you are developing
well cunt. Master is very proud of you."

As wetcunt heard her Master's words, she stood straighter, taller, calmly
waiting for the Stranger to return with the outfit that He had spoken of. "Here
it is Sir. May I put it on Your slut to see if You like it?" "Go ahead, lets get
My slut dressed." Wetcunt felt someone hold her arm as the Stranger said, "Left
foot up, now right." wetcunt could feel the silk outfit as she stepped into it.
As the Stranger pulled the outfit up, wetcunt felt the hem of the outfit end
just at the lace tops of her thigh high hose. Then as He continued to put the
outfit in place, wetcunt felt the back end right above the top of her ass and
then a bare space before the Stranger tied a halter in place. As wetcunt
continued to stand, the Stranger adjusted her milkbags, squeezing them together,
before further tightening the halter-top. wetcunt felt the Stranger push her
milkbags into position, adjusting the neckline of the halter-top so that the
opening ended at the bottom of her tits. Then she heard the Stranger step back
saying, "Please Sir, tell Me what You think." wetcunt heard her Master move
forward, felt His hand running down what felt like a mile of cleavage, "Very
nice, and yes You were right, the bands are making My slut's nipple clearly
seen." wetcunt felt her Master pinch and pull on her nipples as He said that.
Fighting back the urge to groan, wetcunt stood still as she felt her Master
continue His inspection. "I like the back," wetcunt heard her Master say as His
hand stroked her naked back down to the curve of her ass and then cupping her
ass beneath the dress. "And the side slits do allow complete access to My slut's
cunt, which is vital." wetcunt's Master continued to touch each part of His slut
as He spoke. "Yes, I think it will do nicely. I think My slut should get to see
what it looks like. Walk with Me cunt."

wetcunt slowly walked with her Master as He led her back toward the door that
T/they had come in. After putting her into the position that He wished,
wetcunt's Master walked around behind her and slowly started untying the
blindfold. "Keep your eyes closed cunt until I tell you to open them." After
removing the blindfold, wetcunt felt her Master unbuckle her collar and place
something cold around her neck. "There I think the picture is complete now. Open
your eyes slut." wetcunt opened her eyes and gasped in surprise, the dress made
her look beautiful, her cleavage did look like it was a mile long and the
necklace that her Master had placed around her neck drew one's eye down to it.
wetcunt could clearly see her erect nipples through the silk dress and could
feel the slight breeze a nearby fan blowing the hem around. "It is beautiful
Master. Do You like it?" "Yes wetcunt," her Master chuckled, "I like it and it
is appropriate for O/our next stop. you are elegantly dressed, but still attired
so that anyone looking at you will know that you're My slut. Turn around slut
and see the back." As wetcunt turned around, the Stranger stepped into view
handing her a mirror. wetcunt quietly said "Thank You" as she blushed knowing
how she had responded to this Stranger's touch. wetcunt saw that the back of the
dress was nonexistent until the top of her ass. "Walk away from the mirror cunt.
I want you to see something." As wetcunt walked away from the mirror, she
noticed that with each step a hint of the shithole plug could be seen. "Oh yes
cunt, still a slut even dressed up. W/we'll take it."

As wetcunt's Master paid for the dress, wetcunt looked around and realized that
she was in the back of a store, not in the middle of the show room as she had
feared. "I know your fears cunt. Remember what I said. One day, W/we may face
that fear, maybe  W/we will not. I will stretch you at the pace and in the place
that I choose." wetcunt's heart melted with each words that her Master spoke.
"Yes Master, Thank You Master," wetcunt whispered. "Now thank the Man so W/we
can be off to O/our next stop, cunt. Not only thank Him for the dress, but thank
Him for playing with your cunt and for showing you that you are a bigger slut
than you thought." wetcunt looked up, knowing that her Master would want her
looking the Stranger straight in the face and softly said, "Thank You Sir for
showing playing with this slut's cunt and for showing this slut how big a slut
it is for her Master. Thank You also for this beautiful dress." As wetcunt
finished, her Master came to her side and taking her arm, He said, "Time to go
slut. Time for a reward for making your Master proud."




Chapter 15 -- Practice Test (part 9)

As wetcunt's Master led her from the store back to His car, wetcunt wondered
where T/their next stop was going to be. wetcunt was given permission to enter
the car and once more reminded to lift the hem of her skirt and spread her legs
as wide as possible. "you have done very well on your practice test cunt, so
Master is giving you a bit of a reward. W/we will be dining out tonight, but
remember what you are. What are you?" wetcunt answered earnestly, "am Your slut
Master." "Correct, cunt and as such I will still be testing you even through out
dinner. Continue to make Me proud. The whole way to O/our next destination, I
want My slut to be bringing herself to the point of slopping. I want you to do
that as many times as possible before W/we get to the restaurant that I have
made reservations at. Begin now cunt."

As her Master pulled out of the parking lot, wetcunt quietly answered, "Yes
Master," as she started playing with her clit, and stroking her cunt. "Fuck that
slophole with those fingers, cunt, as your other hand plays with that clit."
wetcunt groaned loudly as she started fucking her cunt with 3 of her fingers. It
was barely a minute after when she had to stop so that she wouldn't cum.
Approximately 30 seconds later, wetcunt's Master said, "Begin again cunt." Over
and over again as her Master drove wetcunt drove herself to the brink of
slopping. When T/they pulled into the restaurant's parking lot, wetcunt was once
more about to slop as the valet came up to open her door. "Finish this time
cunt, slop now." wetcunt shook and groaned loudly, head back, slopping violently
just as the valet opened the door. "Please forgive her, she's such a huge slut,"
wetcunt heard her Master say. "Pull down that dress and see if you can control
yourself at least until W/we finish dinner." wetcunt's face was beet-red, as she
stood up straightening her dress. "Smile at the man, as you suck clean those
fingers cunt." wetcunt heard her Master whisper as the valet walked around to
the driver's side of the car. wetcunt lifted her head and smiled at the valet as
she licked her fingers clean, seeing the stunned look on his face as he drove
off. "He will have something to tell his friends about tonight. Well done, cunt.
I'm sure W/we will both enjoy dinner."

wetcunt was struck by the fine atmosphere in the restaurant as she and her
Master were led to T/their semi-enclosed booth. "Don't sit on the back of the
dress cunt. W/we don't want the flood of cunt juice that slophole always seems
to generate to stain the dress." wetcunt's face burned as she carefully lifted
the back of her dress before sitting down at the table, desperately hoping no
one would notice her bare stuffed ass. Both her Master and the matre'd were
grinning at her when she looked up. "Only one menu is necessary," wetcunt heard
her Master say before the matre'd walked away. As wetcunt sat while her Master
looked over the menu, the hours that had passed since T/they had left the hotel
room became abundantly apparent in the form of a sudden need to piss. As wetcunt
sat as she was required with her legs uncrossed, she tried not to disturb her
Master as He decided on what T/they were going to have for dinner, but soon she
could not keep herself from squirming. "What is wrong, cunt? Why can't you be
still?" her Master asked with a silky voice that let wetcunt know her Master
knew exactly what was wrong. wetcunt quietly said, "Master, may Your slut have
permission to piss Master?" "Right here, I don't think so cunt." "Master, what
Your slut meant to ask is may she have permission to go use the restroom to go
piss Master?" "It has been just as long for Me cunt as it has been for you. I
plan to wait and so shall you." wetcunt bowed her head and softly said, "Yes
Master." As her Master signaled the waiter that T/they were ready to order, He
said, "Spread those legs wider cunt, and sit still. I want My slut's need to
piss to grow."

wetcunt inwardly groaned as she heard her Master order a couple of drinks for
her as well as soup with T/their meal. With each course that the waiter brought,
wetcunt's Master had him refill her water class and bring her another beverage.
As T/they ate each course, wetcunt's Master would reach between wetcunt's spread
legs, teasing her clit, rubbing ice cubes along her pussy, torturing His slut
until she was desperate to piss. As wetcunt's Master ordered a cup of coffee for
both of them, wetcunt could not stifle the groan that arose. "Problem, cunt. you
don't seem to be enjoying this wonderful dinner," wetcunt's Master said as He
chuckled. "No Master, Thank You very much for this wonderful dinner," wetcunt
replied, stopping herself from begging to be allowed to piss. "you will get to
beg to piss soon enough cunt, and I will enjoy it all the more from watching
your torment throughout dinner." As wetcunt sipped a bit of her coffee, she
wondered what her Master meant and she hoped that this dinner would be over
soon. "cunt, this dinner will not be over and I won't ask for the bill until you
finish that entire cup of coffee." Wetcunt watched her Master chuckle as she
quickly drained her coffee cup dry. As her Master lingered over His coffee and
figuring the bill, wetcunt wanted desperately to cross her legs, afraid that she
might piss just from standing up. "Be still, cunt. Don't make Me tell you again
or I will have the waiter bring Me a bowl and you will piss right here in the
middle of this restaurant, do you understand?" As wetcunt fought to stay still,
she whispered, "Yes Master."

After paying the bill, wetcunt's Master stood up and looked down at wetcunt with
a wicked grin, "W/we are going to see how badly My slut needs to piss and how
much of a humiliation slut it is. Time to leave cunt." As T/they walked out the
door, the valet asked if he could bring the car around. wetcunt was surprised
when her Master answered, "Not yet, I think that W/we need to walk off some of
that excellent meal first," and He led wetcunt away from the restaurant toward a
local park that was a couple of blocks away. Each step the need to piss grew,
each step wetcunt sank deeper into sub-space knowing now what her Master had
planned. When T/they arrived at the park, wetcunt's Master led her along a path
that was by a running stream. The sound of the running water added to wetcunt's
overwhelming need. As wetcunt's Master came to a stop near a stand of trees, He
turned, looking around and then said, "Yes I think this spot will do nicely. I'm
sure that you have figured it out cunt, what Master wants to see His pisswhore
do. What does Master want to see His pisswhore do cunt?" wetcunt's stammered as
she answered, "Master wants to see His pisswhore beg to piss in public, out in
the open and then to actually piss out in the open." "Exactly right cunt, very
good pisswhore. If you need to piss like you have been acting like you need to
piss, Master should get an excellent show. Let's hope that you can beg
convincingly and piss quickly before more people decide that this path is a nice
place for an evening stroll. Squat down now pisswhore, legs really wide, don't
want to get any piss on those hose, dress hem held high all the way around,
don't want My pisswhore to get its pretty dress all covered in piss. Once you
are in position, you may start begging to piss, My pisswhore."

wetcunt squatted down quickly, her mind focused on only one thing, her
overwhelming need to piss. As she pulled up one side of the dress, the other
side would come free, finally catching both sides of the hem, wetcunt lifted it
up wide and spread her legs as wide as possible. As the night air blew across
her exposed red cunt and pisshole, wetcunt started begging her Master to be able
to piss. "Please Master, please Your pisswhore begs You to let it piss. Please
Master, please let Your pisswhore, piss in public." "Who are you begging for
pisswhore, are you begging for you and your pleasure or for Me and My pleasure?"
wetcunt's answered as she struggled to hold her piss and her position, "my
pleasure Master." "Then do it again and remember that this is about My pleasure,
not yours cunt." Once more, wetcunt began to beg to be allowed to piss, "Master
please let Your pisswhore piss for You, please let it humiliate itself for You
by pissing in public for Your pleasure." Over and over again wetcunt repeated
her pleas until she really was begging for her Master's pleasure. "Now
pisswhore, now you may piss and look at Me as you piss for your Master in
public." wetcunt raised her eyes and let herself piss, almost surprised that she
could with the shithole plug in. wetcunt groaned from the pleasure of not having
to hold it anymore. For what seemed like an eternity wetcunt pissed until she
finally didn't have to piss anymore. As wetcunt continued to squat there, a
puddle of piss around her feet, her Master asked her, "What are you?" "Your
pisswhore Master, Your slut." "Always remember that. No matter how I dress you,
you are always My humiliation slut, My pisswhore and you will act as such
whenever and however I command, do you understand cunt?" "Yes Master, Your slut
understands."

wetcunt's Master then reached down to help wetcunt up. "you may lower the hem of
your dress now, cunt. Time to go get the car now that there is no longer a
danger of My slut pissing in it by accident." The trip back to the restaurant
passed quickly and pleasantly and a the valet delivered the car to the front
door, wetcunt's Master whispered in her ear, "W/we still have Master's need to
piss to deal with. Or had you forgotten My pisswhore." "No, Master, Your
pisswhore hasn't forgotten Master," wetcunt replied as her Master helped her
into the car. "As you have done so well on your practice test, Master has
decided to fulfill a fantasy of yours pisswhore and covering His pisswhore,
humiliation slut with His piss." wetcunt's slophole quivered from the thought of
that, and she quickly answered, "Thank You Master, Thank You Master." "you're
welcome My pisswhore. In fact, Master wants His fuckpig pisswhore to wallow in
His piss and slop like the fuckpig it is. In fact, Master wants His pisswhore
fuckpig to slop over and over again until it thinks it can't slop once more and
then Master wants to drive His fuckpig to slopping once more. This is the last
part of your test fuckpig, Master wants to show His pisswhore fuckpig, what an
utter slut it is."

When T/they arrived back at the hotel, Master had the bellhop park the car as He
led wetcunt up to the room. "As soon as W/we enter the room, you are to strip
and then crawl like the fuckpig you are, cunt. Crawl over to the toy table and
get your toilet chain and locks pisswhore. Then crawl into the bathroom and wait
for your Master with your lips pressed against at the junction of the toilet and
the floor." As soon as T/they were in the room, wetcunt stripped off her
clothes, folding them neatly and crawled into the position that her Master had
commanded, the chain held lightly in her hands. "Head up pisswhore, so Master
can place the chain around your neck. W/we're not going to use your collar
tonight pisswhore, Master doesn't want it covered in piss. Kiss the toilet again
pisswhore, while Master finished locking His pisswhore in place." wetcunt
shuddered from humiliation as she kissed the toilet, her cunt dripping from the
thought of being covered with her Master's piss. "Head up pisswhore, before
Master can cover His pisswhore fuckpig like it craves to be covered, there are a
couple of things that need to be done. First squat over your piss-toilet
pisswhore and get out any remaining piss." wetcunt's Master waited while His
pisswhore used its toilet once more. "Now pour that piss into the toilet that
you're chained to pisswhore and beg your Master for permission to piss-dunk your
head."

After emptying her piss-toilet into the hotel's toilet, wetcunt fervently begged
to be allowed to piss-dunk her head, "Please Master, please may Your pisswhore
dunk its head in the piss water for You Master." As He watched His pisswhore
sink lower and lower the longer its begged, wetcunt's Master's cock grew longer
and harder. "Enough pisswhore, put your pisswhore head in the filthy piss-water,
use your hands and cover your head with piss-water until I tell you to stop."
wetcunt quickly lowered her head deep into the piss-water, repeatedly covering
her head with piss-water soaking every last strand. Even after every strand was
covered, wetcunt continued to soak her head with piss-water waiting for her
Master's command. "Stop pisswhore, take your hands down and raise that plugged
shithole, Master is going to use it while His pisswhore is in its natural state.
you are NOT allowed to slop, not yet, not until Master tells you to pisswhore.
Do you understand?" wetcunt's answer echoed around the inside of the toilet,
"yes Master." As wetcunt answered, she felt her Master remove the plug from her
shithole and place His dripping cock at the entrance to her shithole. wetcunt
bit her lip and held tight to the toilet as her Master started to slowly fuck
her shithole, fighting not to slop, her muscles straining as she held her orgasm
at bay. The pounding from her Master's cock slamming her against the toilet,
pushing her head deeper into the piss-water, finally feeling her Master fill her
shithole with His cum. As her Master caught His breath, He said, "Well done,
pisswhore. Master knows how much His slut loves getting ass fucked and how hard
it was not to slop. you will be amply rewarded."

After wetcunt's Master pulled His cock out, He reached down and dried His cock
on wetcunt's ass. Then after closing the drain to the tub, wetcunt's Master
ordered, "Get the piss-soaked head out of the toilet My pisswhore and crawl into
the tub." Struggling to crawl into the tub, with piss-water running down her
face, wetcunt finally got into the tub and knelt waiting her Master's command.
"Open your mouth, My pisswhore, Master wants to watch His piss fill His
pisswhore's mouth and run down its body bathing it with His piss." wetcunt
shuddered, as she slowly opened her mouth wide and waited for her Master to fill
it, her tension and arousal growing with each passing second. Then as wetcunt's
Master started to piss, He moved the stream of piss to fill wetcunt's mouth. As
soon as wetcunt's mouth was full and was overflowing down her body, her Master
groaned, "Slop at will, My pisswhore." wetcunt slopped violently as her Master
continued to piss, filling her mouth, covering her body completely with piss.

"Now lean back My pisswhore and slop again." wetcunt lay back in her Master's
hot piss, and quickly brought herself to slopping once more. Each time wetcunt
slopped, her Master would direct her to roll around in His piss, cupping it,
pouring it over her body once more, then directing her to make herself slop once
more. After slopping more times than she could count, wetcunt finally pleaded
with her Master, "Please Master, no more, please Master." "Once more cunt, the
final part of this test, make yourself slop once more, this time only for your
Master." One last time, wetcunt brought her hands to her raw sore cunt and clit,
struggling past the pain bringing herself to slopping one more time, spasming
violently one final time. "Very well done My slut. you have passed your Master's
test with flying colors. I think My slut will sleep well tonight. W/we will wash
you up My slut and get you into bed. you have made your Master very proud, very
proud indeed wetcunt."




Chapter 16 -- Let's see her stretch

After returning from the weekend Practice Test, wetcunt received an email from
her Master, once again praising her for how well she performed, but also
including a section that made wetcunt curious. "cunt, this weekend not only
showed Master what His slut has learned, but it also showed Master some areas
that W/we will start exploring. His slut's reaction to Ms. Linda in the salon
and the Gentleman in the dress shop have opened new areas for exploration and
stretching."


Over the next few weeks, wetcunt and her Master talked about her fear of
dominant women, her sexual and physical history, the abuse that she had lived
through, exploring her mental reactions to different proposed scenarios until
wetcunt felt rung out. Not only did T/they spend weeks exploring wetcunt's mind
and emotions, but each week wetcunt's Master would "use" wetcunt in an online
session, always including others in the session, having wetcunt follow the
directions and commands of others while He oversaw the session. Each week a
different person was taking wetcunt through her paces, sometimes it was a Dom,
but other times it was a Domme. After each session, wetcunt's Master would
demand a complete report that T/they would later discuss. At the same time,
wetcunt kept her scheduled appointments which Ms. Linda, sometimes with Master
present, other times she had to go on her own. Each week, wetcunt had to strip
naked for the waxing and rouging, but Ms. Linda would just talk to wetcunt just
like she would any other customer.

On the day of wetcunt's next scheduled appointment, she received a special email
from her Master. "I will be meeting you today at Ms. Linda's. I will see you
soon, cunt." wetcunt's heart raced wondering what her Master had planned. When
wetcunt arrived at the salon, she was surprised to not see her Master's car
parked outside. After getting inside, Ms. Linda handed her an envelope with her
Master's handwriting on it. "cunt, Ms. Linda is going to do your slut make-up
first today prior to doing anything else. After She has finished with My slut's
make-up, then you are to put on the blindfold that She will hand you. Behave
well, cunt, and make Me proud." wetcunt prepared for a normal appointment with
Ms. Linda knowing that it would be anything but normal. After stripping and
folding her clothes, wetcunt sat in the chair, her heart racing wondering what
was coming. Ms. Linda quickly finished wetcunt's makeup, but said nothing the
entire time, merely handing wetcunt the blindfold when she was finished.

Ms. Linda then took wetcunt's hand and led her to the bench on which the waxing
normally took place. Instead of just helping wetcunt in place and having wetcunt
spread her legs wide, wetcunt felt her ankles pulled further apart and then tied
into place. Then Ms. Linda bound wetcunt's arms to the legs of the table,
holding wetcunt completely in place. Almost immediately after tying wetcunt in
place, there was a knock at the door and wetcunt heard Ms. Linda walking toward
the door and opening it. wetcunt strained to try to hear who was there, but no
one spoke a word. wetcunt desperately wanted to speak, to say her Master's name,
but she knew she was to be silent. Ms. Linda started the usual waxing of her
cunt as wetcunt heard a couple of chairs being moved around. wetcunt heard Ms.
Linda chuckled and say, "This waxing is harder to do today, that slophole is
dripping more than normal, slut. Hmmm, wonder why that could be? I think W/we
will need to blow it dry."  Immediately wetcunt felt someone's warm breath
blowing over her cunt, teasing her clit, causing her to writhe as much as the
leg restraints allowed. Next wetcunt heard her Master chuckling, "That doesn't
seem to be drying it out any Ms. Linda. I think W/we will have to try something
else." Before wetcunt knew it, someone's tongue was lapping at her cunt, first
teasing her clit, then lapping all along the slit and spearing her cunt with the
tip of their tongue, until wetcunt was groaning, panting furiously, about to beg
her Master to be allowed to slop. Just when wetcunt couldn't stand it anymore,
the tongue was removed and wetcunt heard Ms. Linda say, "I think W/we will need
to start with the nipples this time, that cunt is too wet to work with and I
don't think I've ever seen those nipples harder."

wetcunt was so lost, though she heard the movement of feet, she couldn't tell
how many or who was moving, but she was aware of a wet mouth on both of her
nipples simultaneously. Shuddering as each nipple was licked and sucked, wetcunt
struggled to say in place. If wetcunt had been any less aroused, her mind would
have been filled with thoughts of who was playing her body so well. After a long
period of having her nipples licked and sucked, wetcunt heard Ms. Linda say,
"they need to be dry for the rouge to stick." wetcunt felt breath blowing across
both of her nipples as she strained against her bonds. Finally, wetcunt heard
Ms. Linda say, "At least her tits are dry enough to apply the rouge. That cunt
is still flowing like a fountain." wetcunt was so aroused that each brush stroke
caused her to shuddered and almost slop. Between each application of rouge, as
it was blown dry, wetcunt whimpered and moaned, writhing against the bonds.
wetcunt heard her Master chuckle and say, "Soon cunt, soon My slut will be
allowed to slop. Am proud of you for not begging without permission." After the
rouging of wetcunt's nipples was finished, wetcunt heard her Master speak again,
"Close your eyes, cunt. I am going to be taking off this blindfold, but I want
My slut to keep its eyes closed until I tell you to open them. Do you
understand, cunt?" wetcunt wet her lips dry from panting and whispered, "Yes
Master." wetcunt saw sparks of light as the blindfold was removed and again
heard the movement of feet, but couldn't determine who was there. "Let's try to
dry that cunt off one more time, I still want My slut's cunt rouged," wetcunt
heard her Master say.

Almost immediately wetcunt felt a tongue at her cunt stroking slowly over her
swollen cunt lips, teasing along the edge of her clit, barely touching it, then
pulling away. wetcunt heard herself groan loudly, fighting for more pressure on
her clit, pulling hard against the bonds that held her down. As the tongue
continued to torment wetcunt's slophole, wetcunt felt her nipples being pinched
and pulled, drawing her milkbags high up from her chest, driving her closer and
closer to slopping. As wetcunt started to say, "Master please, can't hold it
back anymore," the teasing tongue and hands each stopped. "Open your eyes,
cunt." As wetcunt opened her eyes, blinking slowly to clear her vision, wetcunt
saw Ms. Linda standing next her head smiling and a naked woman kneeling between
her widely spread legs. wetcunt twisted her head to try to find her Master and
when her eyes caught His, she heard Him ask, "cunt, do you want to be allowed to
slop?" wetcunt quickly replied, "Oh yes please Master, please let wetcunt slop."
As Master listened to wetcunt's reply, He chuckled evilly, "How badly do you
want to be allowed to slop, cunt?" "Very badly, Pllllllease Master." "All right
cunt, you will be allowed to slop, but only after both Ms. Linda and I have cum.
Ms. Linda's slave, "no-tits" will be serving Me, as you are tied up at the
moment and you, wetcunt, will serve Ms. Linda. After We both have cum, then both
you and no-tits will finish each other. Do you understand, cunt?"

wetcunt's heart was pounding as she heard her Master speak, she didn't know
which was hardest, seeing Him pleasured by another slave or serving a woman, two
women actually, something she had never done. wetcunt could hear her Master
waiting for her reply, waiting to see if she would safe word out of the
situation. "Answer Me, cunt. Do you understand what has to happen for you to be
allowed to slop?" "yyyess Master, I understand." wetcunt's mind was still racing
when her Master asked her once more, "So, cunt, do you really want to be able to
slop?" As wetcunt looked into her Master's eyes, she knew what He wished her to
say, she knew this was a test, a stretch to see if she would put His pleasure
above her own and allow Him to open up new areas of pleasure for her as well.
wetcunt softly replied, "Yes, Master, Your slut wants to be allowed to slop.
Please Master, please let Your slut be allowed to slop for You." After wetcunt
answered, she heard her Master say, "Ms. Linda, tell My slut how You wish her to
serve You," as He directed Ms. Linda's slave to crawl over to Him and kneel
between His legs.


"Face Me, wetcunt," Ms. Linda directed. wetcunt turned her head in Ms. Linda's
direction. "In a moment, I will be lowering the head of this table, so that I
can more easily straddle your head, slut. you know what feels good, the faster
you make Me cum, the sooner that no-tits will be able to make you cum. Do you
understand, wetcunt?" "Yes Ma'am," wetcunt replied, already hearing sounds of
pleasure coming from her Master. As Ms. Linda lowered the head of the table and
straddled wetcunt's face, her view of her Master was completely blocked and
wetcunt worked at shifting her attention to giving Ms. Linda pleasure, knowing
that her Master would be displeased if she didn't do a good job. wetcunt quickly
went to work on Ms. Linda's shaved cunt, teasing her clit with her tongue,
lightly stroking the length of her cunt before coming back to tease her clit
once more. Soon the sounds of Ms. Linda's pleasure were all the wetcunt could
here. "Faster, slut, make the tip of your tongue a hard point." As wetcunt
worked her tongue harder, faster, Ms. Linda pressed down on wetcunt's nose and
mouth, riding her face, finally cumming hard, covering wetcunt's face as she
came.

As wetcunt caught her breath, she heard Ms. Linda order her slave to crawl over
to the table. "Climb up here no-tits, your cunt at wetcunt's mouth and your
mouth at wetcunt's cunt." After no-tits climbed into position, both Ms. Linda
and Master said, "Begin, sluts." wetcunt's face was completely covered with
no-tits' cunt, feverishly lapping at her cunt and clit as no-tits worked on
wetcunt. The sounds of slurping filled the salon as both sluts worked intently,
first wetcunt spasming and then shortly afterwards no-tits cumming violently.
After both sluts had caught their breath, Ms. Linda commanded her slut, "Clean
her cunt off slut, it still needs to be waxed and rouged." As Ms. Linda finished
the waxing and rouging, wetcunt's Master walked toward the head of the bench on
which wetcunt was bound and slowly loosened the bonds on wetcunt's arms, rubbing
at the marks made by the rope. After the rouging was finished, wetcunt's Master
released the ropes holding wetcunt's legs in place and helped her to her feet.
Tipping her head up, He commanded, "Look at Me slut. I am very proud of you
cunt, very proud indeed. you are becoming a wonderfully complete fuckpig which I
am very proud to own. Thank Ms. Linda and no-tits for helping with your training
and then you may get dressed before W/we go." "Thank you Ms. Linda and no-tits
for helping Master train His fuckpig," wetcunt softly said. And as she turned to
get dressed she heard her Master whisper, "Very well done, cunt. The next time
won't be as hard."




Chapter 17 -- The next time

wetcunt's heart raced as she processed what her Master had said, "the next time
will be easier." she kept thinking to herself, but i'm not bi, i'm straight. As
her Master walked her out to her car, He asked, "What turns My slut on the most?
It's not pain, though My slut is somewhat of a pain slut, it's not cum, but My
slut is a HUGE cumslut, what is it that turns My slut on the most?" wetcunt
replied, "Humiliation and control Master, doing for You what i wouldn't do for
anyone else."

"Well said, cunt, including serving another female slut if I tell you to, when I
tell you to, how I tell you, which I will be telling you to do, cunt. And
knowing it in advance, knowing the humiliation that you will be faced with will
cause My slut's cunt to live up to its name. Next time, the slut that you serve
will get to see My pisswhore, shithole slut in action. Bet the thought of that
has My slut's cunt quivering and leaking like a faucet. Reach down and feel that
slophole, cunt. Tell Master what His slut is feeling." As wetcunt stood next to
the car, she reached down under her skirt and between her legs placing her hand
on her soaking wet cunt. "Your slut is very wet Master." As wetcunt's Master
chuckled, "Imagine that, slop your face with all that cunt snot." wetcunt's face
burned as she stood in the parking lot, slopping her face with her cunt juices.

After being dismissed with instructions not to wash up until the next day,
wetcunt drove home thinking about what had happened and what was going to
happen. In her report to her Master in the morning, she discussed how the events
at the salon had made her think and feel, how they made her wonder about
herself. she also commented on how the thought of a non-BDSM bi experience, when
she had thought about that, hadn't stirred her at all. wetcunt concluded her
report by telling her Master, "Master, have come to the conclusion that what
stirs me like nothing else, is You. Am starting to finally internalize that what
i need more than anything else is to please You, no matter what form that takes,
no matter how much that stretches me, Your slut wants to please You."

Later that day, wetcunt received a reply from her Master. "you are learning
slut, I am pleased to see that. your Master wants His slut to know how it will
be pleasing Him the next time W/we meet. Master is going to have His slut serve
as slut to another sub. Not only will His slut be the fucktoy of another sub, it
will be her toilet paper, her cum rag and her cunt-licking fuckmeat. Master
doesn't want His slut to think that it only obeyed because it was blindfolded
originally. His slut will know what is happening and will willingly,
enthusiastically humiliate itself for its Master. As I am sure the thought of
humiliating yourself for your Master has that slophole flowing freely, Master
wants His slut covered with cunt snot from head to toe today."

For the next few days, all wetcunt could think about was what would happen the
next time she met with her Master. she thought about how her Master was right
that she had been thinking that she had obeyed at the salon because she hadn't
known what was happening while blindfolded and then after the blindfold had come
off that she was too far gone to think straight. As wetcunt thought of the
humiliation to come, the knowing what was going to happen, the anticipating what
was going to happen made the tension prior to meeting her Master more intense
than any other time.

Each day the tension grew while wetcunt waited for the email telling her to meet
her Master. Finally the day arrived, "cunt, at noon today you are to be naked,
kneeling awaiting your Master and the slut that you will be serving today in the
room that I have reserved for you at the local slut motel, but which you will
pay for. I want that shithole plugged when you go in to pay for the room. you
will, of course, be dressed in appropriate slut attire. I think the humiliation
of having to pay for the room in which you will have to serve will make the
humiliation to come so much more intense. Make Me proud cunt."

At a quarter to 12, wetcunt drove to the local no-name motel and walked toward
the lobby. her face reddened as a passerby whistled as she entered the lobby.
Not sure how her Master had reserved the room, wetcunt said to the person at the
counter, "i think there is a reservation for me." "Name please." wetcunt
stammered as she replied, "Am not sure what name Master made the reservation
under." "Oh Master, huh, well let me read off the reservations or maybe I should
just go with the one made for the same name as your dog tag. I have a
reservation here for wetcunt. I take it that is you." wetcunt wanted to crawl
under the carpet from embarrassment. "Yyyyess Sir, that is my name." "Well,
that'll be 30 bucks for the room, or should I be charging you by the hour," the
counter person said laughingly. wetcunt handed him 30 dollars and took the key.
At noon, wetcunt was kneeling naked by the door. At the first knock at the door,
wetcunt opened the door, completely aware that the door opened directly to the
outdoors and not just into a hall. As wetcunt knelt, head bowed, holding the
door open for her Master and the slut that she would be serving, she heard her
Master ask, "So, sub, what do you think of a slut who has to serve another
slut?" "Can't think of anything more humiliating Sir" "Crawl back from the door,
cunt, so that W/we can come in."

As wetcunt crawled away from the door, her face and cunt were on fire, knowing
that she would soon have to be serving another slut and that the shithole plug
in her ass was visible. "That's far enough, cunt. Face down on the floor,
plugged ass high in the air." After wetcunt got into position, she heard her
Master tell the other slut to strip and then stand next to wetcunt's ass. "cunt,
I want you to show this slut here, what a HUGE shithole slut you are. Reach
between your legs and fuck yourself with the shithole plug until O/one of us
tell you to stop. you are NOT allowed to slop, cunt, and W/we will both beat
your ass if you do." wetcunt reached between her legs and tugged on the shithole
plug pulling it out so that she could firmly grab the base. First using one arm,
then switching to the other, wetcunt pounded her shithole with the plug,
grunting and groaning with pleasure until she heard her Master say "Stop! now
crawl over there, cunt, it is time for to be a slut's cunt-licking cum rag, a
slut's fuck toy. wetcunt lifted her head and crawled over to where the slut was
sitting on the bed with her legs spread wide.

"Prepare the slut, cunt. I want that slut to cum once on your cumrag face, cunt
before I use My slut's mouth cunt." Wetcunt quickly moved between her fellow
slut's legs and started lapping at her cunt. wetcunt's face was quickly covered
with cunt juice as the other slut rode wetcunt's face. "Fuck her with your nose,
cunt, your tongue," wetcunt heard her Master command. Wetcunt worked feverishly
using her nose and tongue to stimulate the other slut's clit, grinding her nose
and tongue into her cunt until her sister slut grabbed her head and screamed as
she came. "Smear your face around her cunt, I want My slut's face shiny with
cunt juice when I use its mouth. Now, crawl over here, cunt, and get busy. you
are to make your Master cum and then after cleaning your Master's cock, continue
to use your mouth cunt to get Master's cock hard again."

As wetcunt greedily sucked her Master's cock deep into her mouth and throat,
groaning from the pleasure of having her Master's cock in her mouth, she was
unaware of the other slut's movement. Just as wetcunt's Master was filling her
mouth with His cum, wetcunt felt the plug being pulled from her shithole and
quickly replaced by a dildo. "Clean your Master's cock, cunt, and get it hard
again while your fellow slut here uses your shithole as her fuckmeat. you are
NOT allowed to slop yet, but the slut is going to continue to fuck your shithole
until she comes again and your Master's cock is hard once more." As wetcunt
lapped and sucked on her Master's cock, cleaning it and working to get it hard
again, she groaned as the other slut fucked her shithole with her strap-on,
faster and harder with each stroke. After her Master's cock was hard once more,
He pulled His cock from wetcunt's mouth and slowly rubbed precum all over His
slut's face as she struggled not to slop from the fucking of her shithole. When
wetcunt was driving her nails into her palms trying to keep from slopping, she
heard the other slut cum again from the pressure of her strap-on.

"Clean the slut's strap-on, cunt. Use that mouth cunt and clean it off before
W/we finally let you slop." wetcunt crawled around and slowly took the strap-on
into her mouth sucking it clean, groaning with humiliation of sucking clean
something that was just in her shithole, desperately glad that she had done a
shithole cleaning earlier in the day. After wetcunt had the strap-on completely
clean, she heard her slut sister say, "Sir, this slut really needs to piss now.
May i please have permission to go piss." "you may go into the bathroom and sit
down, but you may not piss until I tell you to. Go now," wetcunt heard her
Master say and upon hearing that she groaned. "Groaning, cunt? After all the
fantasies My pisswhore has had about serving as toilet paper, I think My
pisswhore is groaning in anticipation of the fulfillment of its fantasy. Crawl
toward the bathroom, cunt. you will get to slop as Master fucks His toilet
paper, shithole slut, while Master's pisswhore has its tongue cleaning that
slut's pisshole."

wetcunt sunk into herself as she crawled toward the bathroom, lost in subspace
as she heard her Master tell her to place her chin on the toilet rim and stick
out her tongue. As wetcunt unconsciously obeyed her Master's commands, she heard
her Master tell the other slut to wait to piss until His pisswhore's tongue was
out and then to direct her piss stream toward His pisswhore's mouth. In a matter
of seconds wetcunt's mouth was filled with piss as it ran down her tongue and
into her mouth, then flowing out of her mouth into the bowl. wetcunt had no idea
how much time had passed when her sister slut finally finished pissing. "Lap her
pisshole clean cunt and continue lapping as Master shithole fucks His pisswhore.
you may slop at will My pisswhore." Almost the moment after wetcunt started
lapping the remaining piss from her sister slut's pisshole, her shithole was
filled with her Master's cock and wetcunt's groans of pleasure were muffled in
her sister slut's cunt. Slopping repeatedly grunting louder with each time,
wetcunt slopped over and over again as her Master pounded into her shithole,
lapping furiously, her face slammed into her sister slut's cunt with each of her
Master's strokes until her Master filled her shithole with His cum. As wetcunt
caught her breath, she started whispering, "Thank You Master, Thank You Master
for allowing Your pisswhore to slop."

wetcunt heard her Master chuckling lightly, "Clean Master's cock, cunt and thank
your sister slut for helping your Master train His pisswhore." After cleaning
her Master's cock, wetcunt turned around and thanked her sister slut, "Thank you
sister for helping Master train His pisswhore, fuckpig." "you're welcome sis. It
has been my pleasure. May i be dismissed Sir." "Thank you slut, yes you're
dismissed. Look up cunt." As wetcunt knelt on the cold bathroom floor, cum
dripping from her shithole, looking up at her Master, "you did very well My
pisswhore, Master is very proud of His fuckpig. It won't be long before Master
will have the fully trained fuckpig that He desires."




Chapter 18 Cumrag and Toilet Paper -- Part 1 (Day 1)
        
The day after serving her fellow slut as a cumrag and as toilet paper, wetcunt
received an email from her Master. "you did very well yesterday, cunt, but your
training as cumrag and as toilet paper is far from complete. W/we will be
working on completing that training in stages. To start this next phase of your
training, cunt, I want a detailed report by later this afternoon on the function
of a cumrag and the function of toilet paper. Then as part of that report I want
My slut to tell its Master, what areas it thinks it needs to be further trained
in."

As wetcunt started working on the required report, her mind cringed and her cunt
leaked as she thought of what a cumrag is supposed to do, what toilet paper was
designed to do. To end the report wetcunt wrote, "Master, Your slut has not yet
truly served as toilet paper as it has not had to clean someone's shithole and
Your slut has truly not been a cumrag as a cumrag is designed to covered with
cum. It would seem that in those areas Your slut needs further training Master."
As wetcunt hit the send button she shuddered thinking of what her Master might
have in store for her to complete her training in these areas. Shortly after
sending her report to her Master, wetcunt received a reply, "Call Me now, cunt."

wetcunt was so scared that her report had not been good enough that her hands
shook as she dialed the phone. "Hhhhello Master," wetcunt said as her Master
picked up the phone. "As you probably guessed from My response, your report was
not entirely satisfactory, cunt. The portion on the use of toilet paper is
adequate, but the portion on what a cumrag is for should and will be much better
by the time I am done teaching you, cunt. As the portion on being toilet paper
was adequately done, you will be serving as toilet paper prior to serving as a
cumrag. So imagine that, cunt, you will be cleaning shitholes in the near
future. As a matter of fact, you will be learning what a cumrag does as well in
the near future. Do you understand, cunt?" "Yes, Master," wetcunt replied.

"As I'm sure that the thought of using that slut tongue to clean shitholes has
that cunt running like a faucet, Master is going to reward His slut for doing
such a good job yesterday by being allowed it to slop today. However, that will
be the last time His slut will be allowed to slop until it comes to learn what
its job is as a cumrag and as toilet paper. But so that My slut is a needy
greedy cunt when it comes to work on this part of its training, you will bring
yourself to the brink of slopping 5 times every day until I call you to come to
work on your training. I don't think I need to tell you what would happen if you
lost control and allowed yourself to slop. Do I, cunt?" wetcunt quickly replied,
"No, Master." wetcunt's Master chuckled as He said, "No, didn't think I would
have to. you will bring yourself to the brink of slopping at these times, after
you wake up cunt and have done your morning cock sucking practice, after you get
to work before you start your work day, at lunchtime, you must be someplace out
in your car when you do this, after you are done with work for the day and
before you have left the building and then prior to doing you evening cock
sucking practice. cunt, do you understand what it is Master wants?" wetcunt
answered, "Yes Master, Your slut understands."


"Good, also for your slop tonight, My slut is to be completely soaked in piss
like good toilet paper should be. So for the rest of the day, My pisswhore,
toilet paper is to collect its piss for a second piss shower today. Tonight,
after completely your nightly chores, cunt, you are to pour your piss bucket
over your head, after you have closed off the tub drain. After you have
completely covered My pisswhore's body with piss, you are to lie down in the
piss for at least a half an hour. Once that half an hour is past, during which
time, My pisswhore is to repeatedly covers its body with the cooling piss, then
and only then you will be allowed to slop. Before My pisswhore gets to slop, it
must get on its hands and knees and place its face in the puddle of piss that it
has been lying in. Then as My pisswhore plays with its slutty cunt until it
slops, it is to be lapping up the piss, filling its mouth with its cold piss
until it slops. After My pisswhore has slopped, it is to rub the flood of
cuntsnot that I'm sure it will make all over its slut body and then lay back
down in its piss puddle to sleep. If My pisswhore can't sleep like good toilet
paper should, soaked in piss, then it MUST lie in its piss puddle until at least
3:00 AM before cleaning up and going to bed. Master also wants a full report by
noon tomorrow of what His pisswhore felt like as it got to be the toilet paper
it craves to be. Do you understand your instructions, cunt?" "Yes Master,"
wetcunt quickly said, "Thank You Master for allowing Your pisswhore to be the
toilet paper it craves and for allowing it to slop." "you're welcome, cunt. I
think that by the time I am ready to call you to serve as toilet paper again,
you will be cursing Master because He wants His slut so greedy that the air
blowing across its cunt will almost cause it to slop," wetcunt's Master said as
He chuckled. "Dismissed, cunt."

wetcunt's report the next day received a well done from her Master and a comment
about what a total pisswhore His slut was to actually be able to sleep in a
puddle of piss. Each day as wetcunt followed her Master's instructions bringing
herself to the point of slopping 5 times each day, her cunt burned hotter and
hotter with every passing day, her need to slop became such an overwhelming
thought in wetcunt's mind that she was willing to risk punishment to beg to get
to serve her Master as His toilet paper. One day, she just couldn't stand it
anymore and wetcunt emailed her Master begging repeatedly to please let her lick
His shithole clean, please let her be His toilet paper, please let her serve as
toilet paper to whomever He choose, cleaning that person's shithole, please let
her learn how to be a good cumrag. When a reply came from her Master, wetcunt
opened it with shaking hands and heart, hoping that He was not going to punish
her for begging without permission.

"Well done, cunt. you learned from the previous occasion when Master had His
slut wanting to hump her podium at work, not to take matters into her own hands,
but to beg like the needy greedy slut that she is. As you have begged so nicely,
cunt, this weekend you will get to be the toilet paper you crave to be. This
weekend, you will get to learn what a cumrag is supposed to be. you only have
two more days before Master will allow His slut to slop again, but I don't want
My slut to think that its Master is without mercy. Soooo, instead of having to
bring yourself to the point of slopping 5 times for the next two days, you will
only have to do so twice, once in the morning and once in the evening, but both
times you must be chained to the toilet and wearing a sign around your neck that
says TOILET PAPER in large black letters. you are to bring that sign with you
when you come to serve Master this weekend. you are to check into the hotel by
Friday at 4 PM and be naked kneeling by the door. you are not only to bring that
sign, but you are also to bring a legal size note pad for rewriting your report
on what a cumrag is for. you are to carry both of those items in with you when
you check in cunt, leave your purse in the car. you are to bring nothing else
with you, no toiletry bag, additional changes of clothes, nothing. I will bring
everything else that is needed."

wetcunt made the sign and wore it that night as she knelt chained to the toilet.
That night wetcunt couldn't sleep because of the burning need in her cunt, and
she wondered if she would get any sleep at all until this weekend. Finally
Friday arrived and wetcunt couldn't wait for her workday to be done. After doing
her normal cleaning and changing into proper slut attire, wetcunt grabbed the
note pad and the sign as she got ready to head out the door. Just as she was
reaching for the doorknob, her phone rang and the caller ID indicated that it
was her Master calling. "Hello Master" "cunt, one more thing, as you chec� in, I
want the sign to face out, so people can see what is written on it. Do you
understand, cunt?" wetcunt quietly answered, "Yes Master," as she wondered how
He knew she had planned to have it facing in. "Master will see you soon cunt.
The reservation is in Master's name. Dismissed."

wetcunt quickly drove to the hotel and after parking and placing her purse in
the trunk of her car, wetcunt picked up the notepad and sign and quickly walked
into the lobby, hoping not to see too many people. As she approached the desk,
she cringed wondering what her Master had planned to humiliate her as she
checked in. "Reservation for..." and wetcunt said her Master's name. "I have a
reservation under that name, in fact the other key has already been picked up.
There is a note here that the person who is supposed to pick up the other key
will have a sign with them." wetcunt quietly said, "i have a sign with me, Sir."
"Well, don't just stand there, let Me see it." wetcunt's face was bright red as
she held up the sign for the desk clerk to see. "Yup that is what the note says.
Guess you're supposed to have this other key. Enjoy your stay." wetcunt went
quickly to the room to be kneeling naked by 4:00 PM.

Precisely at 4:00 the door opened. wetcunt stayed kneeling head down as her
Master walked into the room. After settling in a chair, He said, "Crawl over
here, cunt. W/we have some unfinished business to take care of." wetcunt quickly
crawled over and knelt at her Master's feet. "Look up, cunt." As wetcunt looked
up she saw a dirty, crusty rag that her Master was holding. "Do you know what
this is, cunt?" "A cumrag, Master," wetcunt answered. "Right, you are, cunt. It
is a rock-hard, crusty, filthy, cumrag that is covered with your Master's cum
from the last 4 months. It is filled with so much cum, that when your Master
cums on it, it takes days for it to dry. That is what a cumrag is for, to be
completely covered with dried and drying cum, every square inch. And as you
didn't seem to know that that was the purpose of a cumrag, Master thought He
would help His cumrag to learn its purpose by having it clean this one. you will
kneel at Master's feet and suck His cumrag clean so you will thoroughly know
what a cumrag is for. If you do a good job of it, Master will allow you to slop
tomorrow as you become the toilet paper you crave to be. If you don't do a good
job, you won't be allowed to slop until your next training session and there is
no telling how far away that is. Do you understand, cunt?"

wetcunt could hardly get the words out of her mouth, sucking 4 month-old cum
about of a filthy rag, she felt like she couldn't sink any lower. "Yyyyesss
Master, Your slut understands." "Good, now beg Master to allow you to suck His 4
month-old cum out of this cumrag." With tears streaming down her face, wetcunt
begged her Master to allow her to suck His cumrag clean. wetcunt could feel
herself sinking lower and lower the longer she begged. Finally her Master said,
"Since you want to so badly, open your mouth, cunt. Suck clean Master's cumrag."
As wetcunt slowly opened her mouth, her Master placed the center of the
cum-encrusted rag in her mouth. "Keep sucking until it is completely clean. I
want no cum on the entire rag and you don't want to have Me have to check it
twice, you won't like the results if I have to." wetcunt sank lower and lower
into sub-space as she worked to suck the crusty cumrag clean, moving it around
in her mouth, working from the inside out. It seemed to take hours, as wetcunt
sucked until her jaw ached, feeling her Master's gaze on her as she worked. When
wetcunt could feel nothing but a limp wet rag, she held it up to her face to
look, then placed the rag back in her mouth to make sure that she had it
completely clean.

When wetcunt couldn't find another spot of cum on the rag, she took it out of
her mouth and said, "It is clean Master." "Are you sure, cunt, that there is no
cum left on that rag? This is the only chance I will give you." "Yes Master, it
is clean," wetcunt quietly replied. "Let Me see it then, cunt." After wetcunt
handed the limp wet rag to her Master, she waited as He turned it this way and
that, hemming and hawwing. "It will do, cunt. Take this rag and hang it up in
the bathroom and then crawl back. Master wants to fill that cum sucking mouth
with fresh cum. It should taste really good after sucking all that stale cum."
Wetcunt crawled to the bathroom to hang up the rag and then quickly crawled
back, kneeling between her Master's legs, waiting permission to suck Master's
cock.

"Head up, cunt," wetcunt's Master said as He released His cock from His jeans
and slowly wiped precum all over wetcunt's face. "Do a good job on Master's
cock, suck like you're starving for His cum. If you don't, slut, you won't get
to slop until Sunday, even though you did a good job on the cumrag." So, wetcunt
lowered her head and started licking the tip of her Master's cock, slowly taking
it deeper and deeper into her mouth and throat, sucking hard even though her jaw
was screaming, humping the air, groaning with pleasure as she worked to get a
load of fresh cum from her Master's cock. "Don't swallow, cunt," her Master
groaned as He filled her mouth with cum. After wiping His cock clean on His
slut's hair and face and zipping up His jeans, wetcunt's Master said as He was
walking toward the door, "Let Master's cum drizzle out of your mouth cunt and
cover your milkbags and chin. you are to wear Master's cum like that while you
rewrite your report on being a cumrag. Thank Master for giving you some practice
being a cumrag." "Thank You Master, wetcunt gurgled as she pushed the cum out of
her mouth so that it covered her chin and milkbags. "Once that is finished you
may clean yourself up, cunt, and go to bed for the night. I will call you in the
morning," wetcunt's Master said as He walked out the door.




Chapter 19 -- Cumrag, toilet paper Part 1 (Day 2)

After finishing re-writing the report on the purpose of a cumrag, wetcunt washed
up and started getting ready for bed even though it was still early evening and
she hadn't had any dinner. Just before heading to bed, the phone rang. "Hello,"
wetcunt answered with a questioning tone, wondering if someone had dialed her
room by mistake. "cunt, I am having someone deliver some dinner for you to eat.
Let Him in, He has very strict instructions which Master knows that He will
follow. you are safe, cunt." About a minute after the call, there came a knock
on the door. Nervously, wetcunt walked over to answer the door. wetcunt was
nervous for two reasons; one was Master's standing order for wetcunt during
training sessions to be nude at all time and the second was that Master wasn't
present. Trying desperately to hold on to Master's assurance of safety, wetcunt
opened the door and stepped back.

"your Master has graciously sent Me over with your dinner, slut and also some
instructions," the Stranger said as He handed a note to wetcunt. "cunt, you need
more practice being naked in front of people other than Master and you need to
know that I don't lightly allow others access to My slut. Therefore, while you
kneel on the floor and eat, after thanking Master out loud for sending you
dinner and thanking the Delivery Man for bringing it to you, you are to be
kneeling with your thighs wide so that He can see Master's dripping wet cunt. He
has not been given permission to touch Master's slut, but He has been given
permission to have Master's slut touch itself. you may NOT slop, cunt. you are
still under punishment period for the lousy report. So if He orders Master's
slut to play with its clit or fuck itself with the post Master left there, you
are only to go to the brink and stop." After wetcunt looked up from the note,
the Delivery Man asked, "Do you understand the instructions, slut?" "Yes, Sir, i
understand." After handing wetcunt her meal, the Delivery Man settled back in
one of the armchairs while wetcunt knelt on the floor to eat.

"Thank You Master for graciously sending something for Your slut to eat and
thank You Sir for bringing it to this slut." As wetcunt quietly ate, she could
feel her cunt leaking from being so exposed to a total stranger. From time to
time as wetcunt ate her meal, the Delivery Man would say, "Dip the next bite you
eat, slut, into that sloppy cunt, wetting it thoroughly before eating it."
wetcunt groaned from the pressure of the food in her cunt and from the
humiliation of eating food covered with cunt juice. When wetcunt had finished
eating, she placed all the items back in the bag and knelt waiting for further
instructions. "Crawl over to the trash can and throw that stuff away, then crawl
over to the dresser and pick up one of those dildos in your mouth and carry it
back to where you are currently kneeling."

wetcunt crawled back into place with the dildo in her mouth, knelt down and
waited for instructions. "I want to see you fuck your Master's cunt with that
dildo, like I would be fucking that cunt. But you are not allowed to slop cunt
and I will be informing your Master of everything that goes on. If you need to
slow down because you are too close, you may stop for 30 seconds, but then you
are to start fucking that cunt again until I tell you to stop. Lean back and
spread those slut legs wide so I can see. Now begin." Wetcunt shoved the dildo
into her dripping cunt and started hammering at her cunt. Before long she had to
stop so that she wouldn't slop. she counted up to 25 and then started again.
Over and over though her arms started to ache, wetcunt continued fucking her
cunt. "Look at Me, cunt." As wetcunt looked she saw the Delivery Man taking His
cock out of His pants and starting to stroke it. Abruptly, the Delivery Man
ordered, "Stop, cunt. Now crawl over here and lean back. I need to use your
Master's cumrag. Push those tits out so that I don't have to strain to cover
them like a good cumrag should be covered." After crawling into position,
kneeling between the Delivery Man's legs and arching her back so that her tits
were stuck out, wetcunt waited while the Delivery Man covered her milkbags with
His cum. "Come closer, cunt." After wetcunt crawled closer, the Delivery Man
reached down and grabbing wetcunt's hair, He wiped His cock clean on her hair.
"Stay there while I report back to your Master."

wetcunt heard the Delivery Man talking with her Master, telling Him that He had
a well-trained fuckpig and that she had done exactly what she had been ordered
to do. The Delivery Man walked over to wetcunt and handed her the phone. "cunt,
because you did such a good job, trusted your Master and are getting practice
like a good little cumrag, Master is going to let His little cumrag slop. After
you slop, My little cumrag, you are to watch the Delivery Man as you take the
flood of cunt juice that I'm sure that cunt will produce and add it to the cum
that My little cumrag is already wearing. you are to remain covered with cum
until I get to see My little cumrag in the morning. Now hand the phone back to
the Delivery Man, I will let Him know that I've given My cumrag permission to
slop and He will hold the phone so that your Master can have the pleasure of
listening to His cumrag fuck her cunt until she slops." After handing the phone
back to the Delivery Man, wetcunt started once again fucking her cunt with the
dildo, leaning way back so the Delivery Man could see and groaning loudly so her
Master could her. It wasn't long before wetcunt slopped violently, shaking as
she knelt on the floor. After some strength came back into her arms, wetcunt
removed the dildo and reaching down filled her hand with cunt snot and looking
straight at the Delivery Man wiped it all over her cum-covered milkbags. After
covering every inch of her milkbags with cunt juice, wetcunt heard the Delivery
Man say, "your Master says that you may use the bed after all of the cum on His
little cumrag has dried. He will call you in the morning. And He says Well Done
My little cumrag." wetcunt was licking clean the dildo as the Delivery Man let
Himself out.

The next morning, wetcunt was awakened by the phone ringing. Looking over at the
clock, she noticed it was almost 10 AM, and she was somewhat surprised that she
had slept that long. However when she thought of how her cunt had kept her awake
for the last couple of nights, she was glad that she had slept that well.
Picking up the phone, wetcunt heard her Master say, "I hope My little cumrag has
slept well." wetcunt replied, "Yes, Master. Thank You Master." As her Master
chuckled, He said, "I thought letting My little cumrag slop would allow it to
sleep and I wanted My cumrag, toilet paper rested for today's activities. I will
be arriving shortly, with something for My cumrag to eat and I want My cumrag
toilet paper to greet Me at the door wearing its sign around its neck. Use the
hotel's toilet, but don't flush it. And cover those milkbags with another load
of cunt snot before I get there. See you soon, toilet paper." As wetcunt hurried
out of bed and went to the bathroom, her heart was pounding and her mind was
racing with the thought of being seen kneeling at the hotel room door with the
words toilet paper hung around her neck. After covering her milkbags once more
with the flood of cunt juice that was leaking from her from the thought of her
upcoming humiliation, wetcunt took the sign and placed it around her neck,
groaning as she felt it fall into place. wetcunt walked over to the door and
knelt down so that when her Master opened the door, the first sight He would see
was her kneeling there.

As wetcunt knelt waiting, her cunt continued to leak and her mind continued to
race on thinking about what her Master had planned for her. wetcunt could feel
the anticipation and tension growing with each passing minute. After what felt
like an eternity, wetcunt heard someone walking toward the door and heard the
card sliding into place. Straightening up, pressing her shoulders back, wetcunt
knelt head up, eyes down waiting for her Master to open the door. As the door
swung open, wetcunt desperately hoped that her Master was the only one in the
hall as her naked cum-covered body and the sign could be clearly seen through
the doorframe. "Very nice, My little cumrag, toilet paper. Master thinks His
slut is very nicely adorned. In fact, Master wants to get a picture of His slut
greeting Him like a good little cumrag, toilet paper should." As wetcunt's
Master said that, wetcunt could see Him holding the door wide open and could
feel the air from the corridor hitting her body as it came into the room. "Crawl
up into the door jam, My toilet paper and kneel down inside the door frame so
that Master can take some good pictures of His little cumrag with its toilet
paper sign."

wetcunt bit her lip to stifle her groan of humiliation as she crawled into the
doorframe, holding the door open with her body, desperately hoping no one would
walk by as she knelt there naked with the sign around her neck announcing that
she was a pisswhore, toilet paper. "Let Master put down this food and get out
His camera. Master wants a couple of pictures of His pisswhore framed this way,
announcing to the world its toilet paper status. First one with your eyes bowed,
then one with your eyes up My pisswhore and then a couple with My toilet paper
holding up its sign so that it is right under its pisswhore's face." Wetcunt
could feel her Master deliberately taking His time putting down the food and
finding His digital camera. With each passing moment, wetcunt's desire to crawl
back into the room grew. "Straighten up now, cunt, shoulders back, milkbags out,
head up, eyes bowed." After getting into position, wetcunt heard her Master snap
a couple of shots, making wetcunt hold the position while the camera got ready
for the next shot, dragging out wetcunt's humiliation. "Now eyes up, looking
straight in the camera, My toilet paper. A couple like that and then W/we will
get some of My toilet paper holding up its sign." wetcunt fought with every
ounce of her will to lift her eyes and look straight into the camera.

After a couple of shots, with time dragging between each one, wetcunt heard her
Master say, "Now hold up your sign toilet paper, let everyone see what it is you
are, what it is you crave to be. How it is you serve your Master." As wetcunt
held up her sign, her hands were shaking so much that the sign was shaking.
"Now, you will have to hold still or this is going to take all day. Master wants
some good shots of His toilet paper, cumrag holding its sign and you will not
leave that door frame until He gets them and I think I hear footsteps, cunt, so
you might want to speed this up." wetcunt stiffened up, mentally taking a hold
of her emotions and fought to stay still. she too now heard footsteps and
desperately wanted her Master to finish taking the pictures He wanted. As
wetcunt heard the footsteps coming closer, she desperately wanted to break
position and crawl back behind the door. Just as the footsteps sounded like they
had turned the corner to enter the corridor in front of wetcunt's room, her
Master said, "Well done, cunt. you may crawl back into the room."

As wetcunt crawled out of the doorway and into the room, she heard her Master
walk in and close the door just as the footsteps passed by. "you did very well,
My toilet paper. Master is proud of His little cumrag's obedience. Master will
be sending His toilet paper copies of each of those pictures and His toilet
paper will hang those pictures all around its bathroom mirror so that each day
as it gets ready for work, brushes its teeth, its hair, it will be reminded of
what it is, what is craves to be. Now eat the breakfast your Master so
thoughtfully brought for you, so that My little cumrag, toilet paper has its
strength for today's training."




Chapter 20 -- Cumrag, toilet paper Part 1 (Day 2 Part 2)

After wetcunt crawled into the room away from the doorframe, she knelt in the
middle of the floor waiting for her Master's next command. "Spread those thighs
wider, cunt. Kneel up," her Master commanded as He handed her the breakfast that
He had brought with Him. "Master, wants to see His toilet paper's sloppy cunt
while it eats its breakfast. After breakfast Master will check out your cumrag
report, it will be how well you did on that report that will determine much of
the course of this day, cunt."

As wetcunt knelt eating at her Master's feet, she could feel His intense gaze as
if it were a laser beam burning its way down into her soul. "Look at Me, cunt."
As wetcunt looked up, her Master continued, "This next part of your training
will take you to lower depths of humiliation than you have gone so far. It will
take you to the depths that you have been looking for, begging for, craving for
most of your life, cunt. For that reason, Master wants to be absolutely sure
before W/we begin that you understand the respect and love He has for you as a
person and the concern He has for you as His slut, fuckpig. Do you understand,
cunt?" Quietly wetcunt replied, "Yes Master." "Good, then crawl over and put
your trash in the trash can and bring back the report on what a cumrag is used
for, so that Master can see how this day will proceed."

After wetcunt crawled over to the trash and then brought back her revised report
on being a cumrag, she knelt and waited for her Master's instructions feeling
the weight of His gaze like a heavy blanket settling over her, helping her to
drop into sub-space. "Hand Me the report, cunt, and then kneel face down to the
floor, lips on Master's boots while Master reads this report." wetcunt handed
her Master her revised report and immediately lowered her head to the floor and
pressed her lips on His boots, settling further into sub-space with each passing
moment, feeling herself falling as her Master ever so slowly read and re-read
her report. wetcunt had no idea how much time had passed when her Master told
her to kneel up, but keep her eyes lowered. "The report will do, cunt. you will
soon be allowed to be the cumrag that you crave to be, but not today, cunt.
Today, what are you?" wetcunt opened her mouth to answer but couldn't make
herself say it. "Answer, Me. What are you?" her Master barked. Stammering,
wetcunt answered, "ttttoilet paper, Master." "That wasn't very well done. By the
time, I'm done with you this weekend, toilet paper, you will know what you are
and you will readily tell anyone I command you to tell exactly what you are.
What are you?" More quickly this time, but still stammering "tttoilet paper,
Master."

"I can see I will have to work on that now. Crawl up unto the dresser, raise
your head and look straight at your sign. you will look at that sign until you
KNOW what it is you are, until you are proud of what it is you are for Master."
After wetcunt crawled up into position and raised her head, looking straight at
the mirror, the sign around her neck looked huge. her eyes began to tear up as
she looked intently at the sign describing what she was, describing what she
craved to be. The silence in the room was deafening as she focused on the sign.
"What are you," her Master asked. "toilet paper, Master." Immediately her Master
asked again, "What are you?" Over and over again, her Master asked wetcunt what
she was and over and over again, faster each time, louder each time, wetcunt
responded "toilet paper, Master." wetcunt had no idea how much time had passed
when her Master stopped repeating the question and said something different. "I
think My toilet paper needs something more personal than a sign around its neck
to say what it is. Take off that sign, toilet paper and take this marker and
write in big bold letters all over those milkbags, belly and cunt what it is you
are, as many times as it will fit." wetcunt took off the sign, lowering it to
the dresser and taking the marker from her Master started to write the words
toilet paper all down the length of her body so that the whole front of her body
from her tits down to her cunt were covered with the words toilet paper. One
more time wetcunt's Master asked her, "What are you?" "Your toilet paper,
Master."

"Very well said, toilet paper. Master thinks it is time for His toilet paper to
do its job. Crawl down from the dresser and kneel down at Master's feet and beg
Master to be His toilet paper. And look at Master's eyes while you beg toilet
paper. Also because toilet paper when it sticks to someone's shoes is dragged
along, crawl over here on your belly toilet paper." Crawling down from the
dresser, sinking down to her belly, wetcunt dragged herself over to her Master's
feet, dropping deeper and deeper with each inch she crawled. "No, don't kneel
up, toilet paper has no knees, lift your head toilet paper from your position on
the floor and look in Master's eyes and beg to clean Master's shithole like good
toilet paper should." Laying stomach down to the floor, slightly raising her
head to look up, wetcunt started repeatedly begging to lick her Master's
shithole clean. Over and over she begged, groveling at her Master's feet for
permission to lick His shithole, until wetcunt truly felt like toilet paper
begging to be used. When her Master heard the change in her voice, when she had
truly "become" toilet paper, her Master spoke, "All right toilet paper, you will
get what you have begged for, slither up on the bed with your head near the end
of the bed, while Master prepares to use His toilet paper."

wetcunt slithered up on the bed, her grasp of time lost, deep in sub-space,
eagerly waiting for the chance to be the toilet paper she craved to be. As her
Master stood up and walked over to the bed, He undid His belt and lowered His
pants down, just as He would if He were taking a shit. Walking over to the edge
of the bed, bending over slightly, He said, "Push up from the bed, toilet paper
and start cleaning Master's shithole." The contrast of being naked while her
Master was fully clothed and pushing up to see just her Master's ass in front of
her face, caused wetcunt to groan and her cunt to burn furiously. Lifting her
head higher, straining to reach, wetcunt started lapping at the crack of her
Master's ass, pushing her nose deeper into the crack trying to get her tongue
into her Master's shithole. "Reach up toilet paper and spread Master's ass
cheeks, Master wants to feel His toilet paper's tongue deep in His shithole."
Once wetcunt had spread her Master's ass cheeks, she pushed forward and buried
her tongue deep in His shithole, lapping, licking, fucking His shithole with her
tongue, losing herself in the humiliation of it. Groaning as she pushed deeper
with each passing moment until her Master moaned, "Stop. Lower that head toilet
paper." As wetcunt lowered her head back to the level of the bed, she heard her
Master turn around and felt Him grab her hair and wrap it around the end of His
cock. Stroking His cock, wetcunt's Master quickly covered her hair with His cum.
After catching His breath, her Master said, "toilet paper also gets used to hold
Master's cum when He doesn't have His cumrag and to clean off the drippings
after He's cum." Releasing her hair, her Master ordered, "Head up, toilet paper
and clean off the drippings of Master's cum." wetcunt lifted her head slightly
and lapped the head of her Master's cock clean and then lowered her head again
to the bed when her Master said to stop.

"I think My toilet paper is not where its supposed to be. Tell Me toilet paper,
where do you belong. Where do people normally put used toilet paper?" "In the
toilet, Master," wetcunt quickly replied. "Then I think that is where Master's
used toilet paper should be. Slither down from the bed and into the bathroom and
put the used portion of Master's toilet paper where it belongs." wetcunt groaned
softly as she slithered from the bed and onto the floor, the carpet pulling at
her tits as she slithered into the bathroom, barely feeling the cold from the
tiles as she slithered up the toilet, knowing that she would soon be dunking her
cum-soaked hair into the dirty piss water in the toilet, feeling herself sink
deeper and deeper, more and more aroused with each inch she slithered. Kneeling
up, wetcunt lowered her head into the toilet, pushing her head deep into the
stale piss water. wetcunt didn't know how long she knelt there with her head
deep in the toilet before she could hear her Master walk up behind her. "Oh look
at that piece of used toilet paper floating in the piss water, it looks like
someone forgot to flush the toilet after using it." wetcunt didn't think she
could sink any lower until she heard her Master say that.

wetcunt was so lost in sub-space that she wasn't really aware of what her Master
planned to do next until she heard Him left the seat and felt Him straddle her
body. "Let's see if I can hit the piece of toilet paper," wetcunt heard her
Master say right before He started covering her hair with His piss. The instant
that wetcunt felt her Master's piss hit her hair, she slopped violently and
continued to slop over and over again until her Master was finished pissing.
Stepping back away from wetcunt and zipping up His pants, wetcunt's Master said,
"Stay as you are toilet paper until I come back in to the bathroom, then Master
will help His toilet paper clean up and will take you out for the rest of the
day for doing such a good job."




Chapter 21 -- Cumrag, toilet paper -- Part 1 (Day 2 Part 3)

After wetcunt's Master returned to the bathroom, He tenderly helped wetcunt into
the shower, washing her hair, cleaning the writing off of the front of her body,
holding her, stroking her, bringing her up from the depth of humiliation to
which she had sunk. After being washed, wetcunt was led out to the bedroom and
saw a beautiful outfit laid out on the bed for her to wear. "For the rest of the
day, W/we are just going to relax, do whatever strikes your fancy, cunt. Master
is very proud of you and wants to enjoy some time with you." So after dressing,
T/they spent an enjoyable day, walking, talking, laughing, so that wetcunt felt
cherished and treasured. After a late dinner, on T/their way back to wetcunt's
room, her Master said, "No one can stay down that far, that long without a
break, without getting to know that the fact that you wish to be toilet paper
doesn't change how Master views His slut. So you needed this day cunt so that
you could be ready for the rest of this weekend's training. So when W/we return
to your room, Master will return His toilet paper to the its natural state and
it will stay in that state until He brings it up again. Do you understand,
cunt?" wetcunt quietly answered, "Yes, Master and Thank You Master for this day
that W/we have had." "you're welcome, cunt. you've earned it. you are becoming a
very well-trained fuckpig that I am proud to call My own and soon, very soon you
and the rest of the world will be able to see that."

As soon as T/they entered the hotel room, wetcunt was commanded to strip out of
her clothes and after hanging them up told to stand at attention in the entry
way. wetcunt could hear her Master moving about the hotel room, but couldn't
figure out what He was doing. "Kneel down, cunt. Head up, eyes straight ahead.
As wetcunt knelt at attention, she felt her Master brushing back her hair and
gathering it in a ponytail. After her hair was back, wetcunt fixed straight
ahead. Then starting at the back of her neck, wetcunt felt her Master starting
to write all down the length of her back, down her arms, over her ass, down the
backs of her legs. "Lean up against the wall, cunt and then lift first your
right foot until I tell you to put it down and then the left." wetcunt fought to
stay still as her Master wrote on the soles of her feet, the tickling of the
marker driving her crazy. Then wetcunt's Master moved in front of her, and
starting at her neck continued the process down the front of her body covering
every inch, between her fingers, her toes, inside her cunt lips, until there was
not one square inch of her body that wasn't written on. Then after standing back
up from writing on the tops of her feet, wetcunt's Master held the marker up to
her face and started writing on her face. wetcunt groaned softly as her Master
covered her face with writing, fighting not to break eye contact with the wall,
wanting to say please don't write on my face. When her Master finished writing
on her face, He stepped back to inspect His handiwork, having wetcunt lift her
arms and turn them so that He could she if He had missed any spot.

"I think it is time for My slut to see how Master has decorated it. Close your
eyes, cunt. Master is going to walk you into the bathroom and when He tells you,
open your eyes and look at the decorations." After being led to the bathroom, as
wetcunt stood waiting for permission to open her eyes, she heard the jingling of
a chain and felt cold steel wrapping around her neck and heard the sound of two
locks being snapped shut. Still her Master waited to tell her to open her eyes
and wetcunt could feel the tension growing internally with each passing second.
"Now, open your eyes and see what how it is that Master sees you." As wetcunt
opened her eyes, she gasped in horror and tears came to her eyes to see every
inch of her body covered with the word toilet paper, over and over again, so
that nowhere she looked did she not see that word. "What are you," wetcunt's
Master asked? "toilet paper, Master, wetcunt quietly answered. "So why are you
still standing toilet paper, toilet paper doesn't have legs." wetcunt quickly
dropped to the floor laying flat down on her belly, face down. "And so you shall
remain until Master says otherwise. And as toilet paper, your place is next to
the toilet, chained closed by for decent people to use to clean up with after
their messy bodily functions. toilet paper doesn't get fucked, it is used to
clean up after decent people fuck. toilet paper stays where it is placed. Master
is going to be staying the night in the nice comfortable bed, but the toilet
paper stays where it is supposed to, in the bathroom, sitting on the floor
waiting for someone to pick it up and use it. But as Master can't have the
toilet paper playing with itself, hands behind your back." After wetcunt put her
hands behind her back, she felt the handcuffs snap into place and felt her
Master lift her up and set her in the corner so that her head could rest against
the wall. "Now that My toilet paper is set for the night, Master is going to
bed, rest well toilet paper."

All night, wetcunt sat on the floor of the bathroom, dozing off for minutes at a
time, the thoughts of how low she had sunk, how low she wished to go racing in
her head. The phone ringing in the other room startled wetcunt awake, her
shoulder muscles tight from having her hands cuffed behind her all night,
wetcunt wondered what time it was and who was on the phone. "Company will be
coming soon, have to get ready for her," wetcunt's Master said as He stepped
into the bathroom. wetcunt opened her mouth to speak to say "her?" when her
Master quickly barked, "toilet paper doesn't speak, it doesn't talk, it is
simply there to be used when needed. And it belongs lying on the floor and
slivering along the floor like when it is stuck to someone's shoe."

wetcunt slivered back to lying face down on the floor, tears in her eyes at the
humiliation of it all, of another woman going to see her like this, covered with
the word toilet paper, slithering along the floor like something stuck to her
Master's shoe. she knew T/they had talked about it, but feeling it, living it,
was so hard. wetcunt wanted to make her Master proud and she knew she had asked
Him to make her His toilet paper, His cumrag but she didn't know if she could do
it. wetcunt's mind was so filled with her thoughts, that she didn't hear her
Master step out of the shower until He had walked over to her and pulled her up
from the floor by her ponytail. "Need to make sure that I'm good and clean
before she gets here," wetcunt's Master said as He held wetcunt's face in front
of His ass for her to lick clean. As she licked the crack of her Master's ass,
wetcunt's mind stilled and she could feel herself sinking into sub space.
"Better take the edge off of this hard-on before she comes or it will be over to
quickly." And wetcunt felt her Master use her hair once more to catch His cum as
He jacked-off. After her Master released her hair letting her fall back face
down on the floor and had wrapped a towel around His waist, wetcunt heard a
knock on the door.

"Show time, sliver like good toilet paper stuck to the bottom of someone's
shoe," wetcunt's Master said as He moved toward the door with wetcunt slivering
on the floor behind Him trying to keep up. "Coming," she heard Him call out,
"I'm having trouble in the bathroom, be right there." wetcunt could feel the
pull of the chain as she slivered toward the front door, so lost in the
humiliation of having another woman see her like this that when her Master
opened the door to let the other woman in, she had tears running down her face.
"Oh what's that on the floor, it looks like You have something stuck to Your
feet, Sir," wetcunt heard the woman ask. "Oh that, that's just some toilet paper
that W/we'll afterward when we clean up. May I take your coat before W/we get
start?" After that wetcunt was ignored by her Master and the other woman as
T/they discussed limits and expectations. Finally wetcunt heard her Master
walking toward her. "I think W/we'll need this toilet paper closer to the bed
for clean-up," wetcunt heard Him say as He unlocked the chain around wetcunt's
neck. Once more taking her by the hair, wetcunt slivered after her Master as He
pulled her toward the bedroom.

Laying wetcunt down on the floor by the bed, wetcunt's Master walked over to the
edge of the bed and sat down, "Time to get Me ready to fuck your ass, sub. Get
that mouth over here and make Me hard." wetcunt wanted to scream as the other
woman sucked her Master's cock, slobbering loudly as she did. "Crawl up on that
bed, sub and stick that ass out, I need to make sure it is really clean before I
stick My cock in it." Wetcunt once more felt herself lifted by her ponytail and
this time the ass in front of her face was the other submissive's ass. "Make her
ass nice and clean for Master, toilet paper, so Master can fuck it." wetcunt was
so lost in the humiliation of the moment that she functioned almost like a
automaton using her tongue to clean the ass of another woman that her Master was
going to fuck. In her mind, wetcunt was wondering how she was going to make it
through the next minute, much less for the amount of time that it would take for
this training session to be over. After being laid back down on the floor,
wetcunt could hear each sound, each groan and sigh of pleasure as her Master
fucked the other submissive's ass long and hard, and with each sound she sunk
lower and lower, so that when her Master came, she wasn't even aware until He
lifted her head once more.

"Time for the toilet paper to do its job and clean-up after decent people are
done fucking." As wetcunt's face was lifted in front of her Master's cock, she
didn't hesitate, but immediately started cleaning His cock with her mouth even
though it had just been in another woman's shithole, her actions completely
controlled by the obedience that had been trained into her. After thoroughly
cleaning her Master's cock, wetcunt heard Him say, "Looks like you could use
some toilet paper to clean up that leaking cum, sub." "Yes, please Sir," the
other submissive replied. Taking her head in His hands, wetcunt's Master wiped
her face back and forth between the other submissive's ass cheeks smearing
wetcunt's face with the dripping cum. "Lick it clean toilet paper, clean up all
of Master's cum." Wetcunt started to feverishly lick the other submissive's ass
trying to clean up every spot of cum. "Stick your tongue deep in her ass hole
toilet paper, make sure you get all of Master's cum." As wetcunt's Master held
her head in place, wetcunt buried her tongue deep in the other submissive's
asshole licking it clean, until her Master pulled her head back.

"That was wonderful Sir. Thank You very much," wetcunt heard the other
submissive say. "Before you go, have you ever wondered how toilet paper cums?
You don't fuck toilet paper, but it can still cum. Would you like to see My
toilet paper cum?" "Yes, would like it very much, if it pleases You to let me,"
wetcunt heard the other submissive answer. "Very well, and so you shall. As you
can see I have had to keep the toilet paper's arms behind its back so that it
wouldn't start playing with itself. But just watch, once I let it go, it with
play with itself with so hard and so fast that it will rise up off of the floor
as it cums," wetcunt's Master said as He chuckled. With that wetcunt's Master
undid the handcuffs and rolled wetcunt over unto her back. As soon as He
released wetcunt's arms, her hands dove between her legs to relieve the pressure
that had building up in her clit with each humiliation. Groaning loudly, her
hips rising high up off of the floor, wetcunt came spasmed and writhing on the
floor as she came over and over again.


As wetcunt lay there panting, limp, all strength gone from her entire body, she
faintly heard her Master thank the other submissive as He walked her toward the
door. As He knelt down next to her, stroking her sweat-soaked head, He chuckled
saying, "I think My toilet paper finally has the correct level of limpness, just
as W/we are finishing up."




Chapter 22 -- Cumrag, Toilet Paper Part 2

For weeks after wetcunt's toilet paper training her Master would tease her to
the point of slopping but would rarely allow her to slop. After weeks of this
wetcunt was ready to come out of her skin, and to start begging her Master to
please end this torture.

"What are you willing to do to be able to slop, cunt," her Master asked after
having wetcunt bring herself to the brink of slopping 5 times in the last hour.
As wetcunt groaned, "anything, Master," her Master knew that His slut was ready
for the next level of its training to be the total fuckpig that He wished it to
be. "W/we will see cunt, W/we will see. There is a reservation made for My cunt
at the hotel where your training started and it seems a fitting place for this
phase of My slut's training. Be there by 3:00 o'clock this Friday afternoon.
Wear proper slut attire and bring both slut and non-slut clothes for the
weekend. No touching that cunt at all until then, but wear your shithole plug
starting tonight for an hour and a half and doubling it every night until this
Friday. That will keep My slut in the needy, greedy state that a good slut
should be in. See you on Friday, cunt."

Each night as wetcunt wore her shithole plug, her arousal level grew and grew
until the air moving past her clit had her humping the air in frustration.
wetcunt wondered if Friday would ever come. On Friday afternoon, as wetcunt was
preparing to drive to the same luxurious hotel where her training had started,
she couldn't help but wonder what her Master had in store for her for this
weekend. Just as she was heading out the door, her Master called, "Have that
bare ass on the seat, cunt, otherwise you will leave a huge wet spot on your
skirt from that leaky cunt. Maybe I should have you have you sit on it so that
you can walk through the lobby of the hotel with a huge cuntjuice spot on the
back of your skirt. Decisions, decisions, what's a Master to do. Bare ass this
time cunt, W/we will safe the wet spot for another time." As wetcunt whispered
"Thank You Master," she heard her Master chuckle and say "See you soon cunt."

When wetcunt walked up to the front desk to check in, she recognized the
receptionist from her first visit. After saying hello and asking what room her
Master had reserved, wetcunt received the strangest look from the receptionist.
she was further surprised that he said, "I'll see you later slut," as he handed
her the key to the room. On the way to her room, she passed Charles, the room
service young man who had witnessed her earlier training and humiliation, and
received a wink from Charles as she headed toward the elevators.

wetcunt started to wonder anew what her Master had planned for her and why the
receptionist was going to be seeing her again. As wetcunt entered the room, she
saw two items lying on the desk, a note and her Master's cumrag that she had
previously had to suck clean. After stripping naked, so that all she wore was
her training collar, wetcunt picked up the note and read it. "cunt, I will
assume that you are already dressed or should I say undressed as you should be
by the time that you are reading this note. Pick up Master's cumrag and if it is
too stiff to use as a blindfold in its current state, suck it clean enough so
that you will be able to wrap it around your head. you are to be kneeling in the
far corner of the room facing out as you do this. Once it is in place, lean back
with your head resting against the wall, with those slut legs spread as wide as
possible and wait for your Master. I will see you soon, cunt. Make  Master
proud."

As wetcunt knelt in the corner sucking her Master's cum-stiffened rag clean, she
could feel herself sinking as the effect of the humiliating act started to
settle down on her. After wetting it enough to bend, wetcunt rolled it
length-wise and tied it in place making sure that she could see nothing. wetcunt
quickly lost all track of time as she waited for her Master. Finally she heard
the door to the room open and the sound of footsteps as a number of people
walked into the room. wetcunt knew better than to say anything, but her mind and
heart beat started to race trying to figure out who all was there. wetcunt
jumped slightly as a hand grabbed her hair tipping her head back. "I'm very glad
to see that I don't have to punish you for not putting the blindfold on properly
cunt," wetcunt heard her Master whisper in her ear as He lightly stroked her
hair. wetcunt's Master continued to softly stroke wetcunt's hair while He gave
directions to the others in the room, "Lay that out on the bed, and then line
the one side with all the tools. That's it, that looks good. I believe that W/we
are ready to proceed."

As soon as He said those words, wetcunt felt her Master pull His hand away and
heard Him take a step back. "Turn your head toward Me, cunt," wetcunt's Master
said helping wetcunt know where He was and that He was still close by. "you
recently said that you would do anything to get to slop and W/we are here today
to see if that is true. W/we are also here to work on the next part of your
training to be the total fuckpig that I wish you to be and that you crave to be.
Last time W/we met, you received your training in being what, cunt," her Master
asked. wetcunt struggled to say the words knowing that there were others in the
room but finally got the words out, "toilet paper, Master."

"Louder, cunt, are you ashamed of how you serve your Master. What are you to
your Master, cunt?" "toilet paper, Master," wetcunt quickly replied with a
steadier and louder voice. "And what else, cunt, what are you here today to be
for your Master, cunt?" "your cumrag, Master," wetcunt quickly replied. "That's
correct cunt. you are going to get to be the cumrag that you crave to be, need
to be. These gentlemen are here to help Me train My slut so that it can be the
cumrag that it desperately wants to be, by covering My slut with cum as it
brings itself to the point of slopping over and over again. When My slut is
sufficiently covered with cum, like a good cumrag should be, then Master will
allow His cumrag, fuckpig to slop."

wetcunt felt three sets of hands helping her up from her knees and leading her
to the bed. As she was sat down on the edge of the bed, wetcunt felt the rubber
sheet that had been laid over the bed. "Lay back on the bed, cunt, and spread
those legs wide. you will be handed different tools that one of these gentlemen
want to see My slut fuck herself with. you will place that tool in My slut's
sloppy cunt and immediately start fucking yourself and bring yourself to the
point of slopping. If you need to stop to keep from slopping, do so and I will
tell you when to start again. When every gentleman here is completely satisfied,
has cum as often as they want, then and only then will My cumrag get to slop."

As wetcunt laid back and got into the position, she could feel hands stroking
her body, pinching and pulling on her nipples. Someone raised her hand and
placed a dildo in it. wetcunt put the dildo in her cunt and started to work her
cunt with it. It wasn't too long before wetcunt felt the first load of cum
hitting herself in the face. The shock, of getting hit in the face with cum,
caused wetcunt to stop fucking herself with the dildo. After stopping for a few
seconds, wetcunt was ordered to start again.

As wetcunt lay there fucking herself with different toys, stopping for a minutes
or so from time to time to keep from slopping, she had no idea how much time had
passed. Over and over again she felt loads of cum hitting different parts of her
body as she fucked herself with different dildos, cucumbers, plugs, vibrators,
whatever toy was handed to her. she vaguely thought she heard the door opening
and closing from time to time, but she was too lost in the humiliation of the
moment to be sure. All she knew for certain was that she was desperate to slop
and that she wasn't sure if she would ever be able to move her arms again. she
could feel loads of cum drying on different parts of her body as fresh loads
were being added to it.

Finally wetcunt thought she heard the door open and close once more and then her
Master said, "Does My cumrag want to get to slop?" wetcunt groaned out a "Yes
Master" as quickly as possible. "you have one more task that you have to do to
be able to slop, My cum-soaked cumrag. you will have to fuck yourself one more
time looking into the eyes of every gentleman who has use Master's cumrag today.
Take off the blindfold, slut and look at the men who have used you today."

wetcunt's arms shook as she raised them toward her head, and her hands trembled
as she pulled the cumrag blindfold from her eyes. As her eyes adjusted, wetcunt
groaned from the thought of looking at all the men who has seen her like this.
"Open your eyes, cumrag or Master will leave His greedy slut in this condition
until tomorrow. He will tie you to this bed, lying in a pool of dried cum until
the maid service comes to clean up the room tomorrow morning. Wouldn't that make
a nice picture for the maid to walk in on, My cumrag filthy with dried cum.
Unless you want that to happen, you better open those eyes slut."

wetcunt slowly opened her eyes to look into the faces of the bellhop that she
had seen on her first visit to this hotel, the receptionist, every room service
man who had listened to her be fucked in the ass, the owner of the adult toy
store, the owner of the other hotels, every man who had been a part of any part
of her training. After scanning the group standing at the foot of the bed,
wetcunt looked around to find her Master's face. After finding Him and feeling
her heart slow down, wetcunt heard her Master say, "Hand her that 8 inch dildo."
After taking the dildo in her hand, wetcunt heard her Master say, "Turn and face
the gentlemen, I want them to watch My slut fuck itself one more time. Keep your
eyes open as long as possible and slop at will."

Forcing herself to look at the group of men standing at the foot of the bed,
wetcunt started to slowly fuck herself with the huge dildo feeling it stretch
her cunt further than it had been to this point. Groaning loudly, her face beet
red, struggling to keep her eyes open, wetcunt soon came violently writhing on
the bed, cumming over and over again, screaming loudly as she came. wetcunt's
couldn't hold her arms up any longer and collapsed back on the cum covered
rubber sheet. Each man in the group thanked wetcunt's Master for the use of His
slut and commented on what a well-trained slut He had, and then quietly left the
room. As wetcunt lay there panting, almost passed out, she felt her Master walk
up to the edge of the bed. "Master wants to His cumrag to lie in its natural
state while He finishes cleaning up so that His cumrag will get the full effect
of being Master's cumrag."

As wetcunt lay there with cum completely drying all over her body, she heard her
Master moving around the room, cleaning up the toys, putting things away. The
desire to be clean grew with each passing moment. wetcunt desperately wanted to
call to her Master to ask permission to go wash up. As tears started flowing
down wetcunt's cheeks from the strong desire to be clean, wetcunt's Master
walked back to the edge of the bed and looking down at wetcunt, He said, "you
made Master very proud, slut, very proud indeed. Well done My slut, very well
done."




Wetcunt's Training -- Chapter 23 -- Total Fuck Pig

After wetcunt's Master helped her clean up and removed the rubber sheet from the
bed, he laid wetcunt back down to get some rest, holding her as she slept.
wetcunt woke to tugging on her nipples and clit. Moaning with pleasure as she
awoke, wetcunt started writhing under her Master's hand.

"Lay still, cunt. This is for My pleasure not yours." wetcunt struggled to lie
still after spreading her legs wide to give her Master all the access He might
wish. As wetcunt lay there biting her lip to keep from moving, to keep from
humping her Master's fingers, her Master reminded her that she was not allowed
to slop without permission. Finally afraid she would slop, wetcunt opened her
mouth to beg for permission. "Slop at will cunt, I want to see how many times
Master can take His slut over the edge." Seconds later, wetcunt arched up
slopping violently, her screams of pleasure echoing off of the hotel room walls.
After coming back down, wetcunt heard her Master chuckling, "I think people two
floors down know what a slut I have." wetcunt's face burned with shame at how
loudly she had screamed, but could scarcely catch her breath before her Master
was working her clit and tits again driving her toward another orgasm.

Over and over again for what seemed like hours, wetcunt's Master drove her
toward one orgasm after another until even the slightest touch on her swollen
clit and tits were almost excruciating. wetcunt was now begging "Please Master,
please no more." "Whose pleasure is this for cunt," was her Master's reply as He
drove her up one more time. After spasming and screaming violently one more
time, wetcunt nearly passed out from exhaustion. As wetcunt lay there panting,
her muscles turned completely to Jell-O, wetcunt's Master started taking the
flood of cunt juice that had been produced and starting at wetcunt's neck
started covering wetcunt's entire body with cunt juice. After liberally covering
her body, wetcunt's Master smeared cunt juice all over wetcunt's face. Each time
He would touch wetcunt's cunt to scoop out more juice, wetcunt would moan and
wince.

wetcunt wasn't sure how much time had passed before her Master said, "Time to
get dressed cunt, W/we are going out. Master has something special planned for
His fuckpig, and now that you spell like the total slut that you are, you are
ready to go." As wetcunt moved to get off the bed, a loud moan escaped her lips
as the slightest movement of her legs caused more friction on her swollen clit.
"Go look at My slut in the mirror, cunt. Look at what a total fuckpig should
like." As wetcunt walked to the bathroom, each step a struggle, she felt like
her clit must be very red, but when she looked in the mirror, she saw not only
was her clit swollen well past her cunt lips and beet red in color, but also
that her nipples were extremely swollen and red as well.

After putting on the slut makeup that she knew her Master wanted her to wear,
wetcunt walked gingerly out of the bathroom to find some clothes lying on the
bed waiting for her. As she moved toward the clothes to put them on her Master
stopped her. "Those nipples look just like slut nipples should look, but W/we
can't have them going down. Kneel up at Master's feet so He can take care to
avoid that potential problem." wetcunt winced as she knelt down at her Master's
feet, kneeling up, arms behind her back, raising her swollen nipples up to Him.
"This should hold those nipples in place," wetcunt's Master said as He placed a
band on each of wetcunt's already throbbing nipples. Wetcunt groaned as she
said, "Thank You Master for taking care of that potential problem." After
smacking each one of wetcunt's tits, her Master said as He chuckled, "Go get
dressed now slut, Master has big plans for tonight."

As wetcunt put on the clothes, she noticed that the top was a size or two
smaller than she regularly wore, the material stretching tightly clearly showing
her incredibly erect nipples. The skirt came only an inch or two past her crotch
and wetcunt knew that the only time her cunt would be covered at all in this
skirt was when she was standing still. Five-inch stiletto heels completed the
entirety of the outfit, taking wetcunt up to a height of over 6 feet tall. As
wetcunt buckled the straps on her shoes, she knew that she would attract a huge
amount of attention dressed like this. "One more thing to complete the outfit,
cunt. Kneel down and hold your hair up." As wetcunt knelt at her Master's feet,
she felt a collar of softest leather being tightened around her neck. Attaching
a leash to one of the O-rings in the front of the collar, wetcunt's Master
tugged on the leash to let wetcunt know it was time to go.

Walking out of the room and down the hall, wetcunt could feel the air moving
over her exposed cunt. As she stepped into the service elevator with her Master,
Charles whistled in response to her dress. "Now, that is an appropriately
dressed slut, Sir. My compliments." Charles said. "Thank the nice Man for His
compliment, cunt." Looking Charles in the eye, wetcunt quietly said, "Thank You
Sir for such high praise." After stepping off the elevator and walking toward
her Master's car, wetcunt's Master stopped her right by the passenger side door.
As her Master looked deep into her eyes, she could see the love and pride
shining from her Master's face. "you have well so far cunt and Master is proud
of His slut. you have one more test to go that your Master wants you to bear
bravely. Make your Master proud." Then wetcunt's Master softly kissed each of
her cheeks and slipped a blindfold over wetcunt's eyes. After helping her
wetcunt into the car and fastening her seat belt, He reached down once more
pulling lightly on each of wetcunt's nipples and said once more, "Make Master
proud."

Intermittently as her Master drove, He would reach over and tug on wetcunt's
nipples or clit causing wetcunt to jump and groan each time He did. Finally
wetcunt felt the car come to a stop and heard her Master turn off the engine. As
her Master helped her from the car, tweaking her nipples and clit one more time,
He once more repeated, "Make Master proud." wetcunt's heart was pounding with
fear and anticipation, wondering what her Master had planned that He had
repeated His command to make Him proud three times. As wetcunt's Master removed
the blindfold from her eyes, wetcunt kept herself from looking around, but as
she was lead along, she noticed that her Master was walking her up to a country
house.

Once inside the house, wetcunt knelt quietly as her Master spoke to the owner of
the house. "Is everything ready," she heard her Master ask. "Yes, everything is
prepared and waiting down in the dungeon," the house owner said.  Raising
wetcunt back to her feet, she was quietly led down the hall and down some stairs
leading to a dimly lit dungeon. In the center of the dungeon, she saw what
looked like an examination table with some restraints and a small metal table
standing next to it with some odd looking instruments. wetcunt's Master walked
forward and shook another stranger's hand and then reaching back for wetcunt's
hand, her Master had her stand next to Him. "This is the man who will help
Master with His plans for His slut. Ask the man what he does slut?" wetcunt
quietly asked, "What is it that You do Sir?" His quick reply was, "I'm a
professional piercer." wetcunt tightened her grip on her Master's hand as she
realized what her Master had in store. "I'm here to pierce a slut tonight, I
suppose that would be you." he continued to say. Then turning his attention
toward her Master, the man asked, "Where do You want Your slut pierced? Is it
still both nipples and her clit hood?" When wetcunt's Master answered He told
the man that he was correct. "You have the special jewelry that I wanted?"
"Yes," was the only reply. Then the man said, "I need to see what it is that I'm
going to be working with."

At that, wetcunt's Master turned to her and said, "Time to strip out of those
clothes slut and climb up unto the table." The look in her Master's eyes told
wetcunt that any hesitation or complaint would embarrass Him. So, wetcunt
squeezed her Master's hand once more, and slowly stripped off her skirt and top.
"Keep the shoes on cunt." her Master said as wetcunt moved to take them off.
With shaking knees, wetcunt straightened up and walked slowly toward the table,
biting her lips to fight back the tears that wanted to fall. Climbing up on the
table, wetcunt put her feet into the stirrups and waited as her Master and the
man who would pierce her walked over to the table.

wetcunt kept her attention focused on her Master's face as the man started
running his hands over her nipples and clit hood to see how to do the piercings.
"Nice work with the bands to keep her nipples erect, but those bands will have
to come off." wetcunt jerked violently as the man yanked the bands off her
nipples, tears flowing down her face. "Guess W/we will have to use the
restraints, can't have movement like that while I'm working or those nice
nipples will be scarred for life." wetcunt was quickly strapped into place, so
that no more movement on her part was possible. After casually running his hand
over her clit and clit hood, the man who would pierce her started swabbing her
nipples and clit hood with alcohol. The cold liquid made wetcunt groan and had
she not been tied down, she would have jumped as well.


With tears streaming down her cheeks, wetcunt watched her Master's face as He
watched what the piercing man was doing. As wetcunt's Master bent down, she felt
Him take her hand in His. The next thing wetcunt felt was a sharp pain in her
left nipple. she screamed loudly for a moment and then felt a small ring being
placed in the new hole. Then her Master walked around to the other side of the
table and the process was continued on her right nipple. As the piercing man's
hand brushed her clit to get a good look at the hood, wetcunt moaned loudly,
still trying to catch her breath and stop her tears. A quick sharp pain send
wetcunt to screaming once more, as she nearly broke her Master's hand squeezing
it so hard. Finally the last ring was in place and her Master was bending down,
wiping the sweat from her face, kissing her cheeks and telling her how well she
had done.

As wetcunt lay there collecting herself, her Master stroking her hair, the
piercing man gave her Master instructions for taking care of the new piercings.
After her Master thanked the piercing man for his work, the owner of the house
walked him from the dungeon. When wetcunt was breathing with only a few hiccups,
her Master said, "you did very well My slut. you made your Master very proud to
own such a slut as you. And because your Master is so proud of His slut, His
fuckpig, He has adorned her accordingly." Taking off the restraints, wetcunt's
Master helped her to her feet, hugging her carefully and then leading her to a
mirror. Dangling from each nipple and from her clit hood was a ring with a small
oval medal attached. On her left nipple the medal had a large M engraved in it.
On the right nipple was the same. The medal attached to the ring going through
wetcunt's clit hood was slightly larger and had what looked like 3 letter's
overlapping, a T, an F and a P. As wetcunt stood holding on to her Master for
support, she realized what each letter stood for, she was now claimed, adorned,
and would be known to all who saw her piercings as Master Michael's Total Fuck
Pig.




wetcunt's training Chapter 24

As wetcunt and her Master stood looking at the new piercings on her nipples and
her clit hood, the owner of the dungeon walked up after showing the Piercer to
the door. wetcunt could feel her face turning red as she felt the visual
inspection of the dungeon owner as her eyes scanned wetcunt's naked body over
and over again.

"You have a very beautiful and obedient slut there Sir Michael, I am looking
forward to helping You continue its training. its time serving in My dungeon
should help it past some of the limitations it has shown in the past."

wetcunt's mind raced trying to figure out exactly what the Dungeon Mistress
meant by her statement. her eyes started to tear thinking that her Master was
releasing her from His service. wetcunt bit her lip to keep from blurting out
her questions and embarrassing her Master in the presence of another Dominant.
As her chin started to quiver from struggling not to cry, wetcunt's Master
gently turned her chin and pointed her face so that she was looking into His
eyes.

"Do not fear, slut, Master would not give away His fuckpig that He has worked so
hard and long to train. But as W/we both know My schedule does not allow Me to
train you as often as you need and there are areas of trust that still need to
grow deeper and further in you. In the past, you have put some limits on how you
are willing to be used, limits that came as a result of the sexual restrictions
that you learned as a child. But Master wants to show you that you don't really
want those limits in place that you crave and need to be a completely
uninhibited fuckpig, open to be used by all. And serving as a urinal/piss slave
in Mistress Teresa's dungeon will show you this side of yourself slut."

wetcunt's eyes were still swimming in tears as she thought of what this could
mean. she thought of her fear of Dominant women and having to serve in a
Dominant woman's dungeon. she thought of her limit on sex with Dominant men
other than her Master, something that her Master had always wanted to stretch.
And she knew that this arrangement would continue her training in both of these
areas. As wetcunt was thinking, she noticed that her Master and Mistress Teresa
were slowing walking her toward the far end of the dungeon. When T/they arrived
at the far end of the dungeon, wetcunt noticed two doors, one marked with a huge
set of tits and another marked with a huge cock.

"These two rooms will be wear you serve during your time at Mistress Teresa's
dungeon. you will serve as the pisswhore/urinal that you are and crave to be,
wetcunt. On some nights, you will be chained to the urinal in the Men's room,
not only serving as the urinal that you are, but also as the cumslut that you
are. your mouth cunt will be open and available to serve either as the
cock-sucking cumslut that you are, or as the piss-guzzling urinal that you are.
The choice will be up to the Dominant whose cock you will have in your mouth
cunt. On other nights, you will serve as the pisswhore/toilet paper in the
Women's room, your mouth used either as the toilet or humping post at each
Domme's pleasure."

As wetcunt's Master described how she would be used, wetcunt noticed two things
that her cunt was running with cunt juice and that T/they had walked into the
Men's bathroom. "Kneel down cunt and crawl over to the urinal that will serve as
your place of service." As wetcunt crawled slowly toward the urinal, the level
of humiliation grew with each passing moment, her head dropping lower and lower
toward the bathroom floor. Once in place next to the urinal, wetcunt's hands
automatically were clasped behind her back and she knelt knees spread wide, her
dripping wet cunt open to inspection. "Eyes up wetcunt." wetcunt raised her head
to look at her Master. "Look at the ceiling, wetcunt." As wetcunt raised her
eyes to the ceiling, she saw a variety of cameras that scanned every inch of the
bathroom.

"Those are in place both for Our enjoyment of your humiliation and for your
protection, wetcunt. W/we will be able to see each cock that uses that mouth
cunt, or on nights when you are chained with your head in the urinal, your
asshole or cunt. Those videos are also sent out over the Internet, so others can
see how Master's  fuckpig is performing and Master can also see even on nights
when He can't be physically present. Master wants His fuckpig trained and used,
but not harmed. There are similar cameras in the women's bathroom. Now, as
Master thinks that you need to rest soon, W/we are almost done here. Kneel up
wetcunt, head in the urinal, ass high, legs spread. Master wants His fuckpig to
settle into its place of service."

As wetcunt turned toward the urinal and lowered her head, her shame and
humiliation grew as she sunk lower and lower into sub space. Placing her head
into the urinal, wetcunt heard her Master say, "No, deeper, settle down into
that urinal, pisswhore, settle into your place, head lower, ass higher, get that
fuck face deep into that urinal cause every drop of piss that splashes out as
men piss on your head, you will be licking up from the floor when your time of
service is over for the night." As wetcunt pushed her head deeper and deeper
into the bowl of the urinal, she could imagine being chained in this position,
her head and face available for anyone to piss on, her ass and cunt open and
available for anyone to use. And although there were places that she never had
allowed herself to go except in her fantasies, wetcunt could feel herself
becoming more and more aroused with each passing second. "you want to slop don't
you fuckpig, you want to hump that urinal until you have covered it with cunt
juice, don't you slut?" wetcunt's groans of "yes, Master" echoed in the urinal,
causing her Master and Mistress Teresa to chuckle.

The next words wetcunt heard was "Lift you head cunt and beg to hump that
urinal, maybe if you beg well enough, Master will let His pisswhore, humiliation
slut hump that urinal." As soon as wetcunt lifted her head from the depths of
the urinal, she started begging over and over again, "Please Master, please Your
pisswhore, humiliation slut begs for permission to hump the urinal Master.
Please Master please let Your urinal hump this urinal." Over and over again
wetcunt begged, louder, with tears filling her eyes as her need to cum increased
with each passing second. Finally her Master turned to Mistress Teresa and asked
"What do You think, has the pisswhore begged enough to be allowed to slop?"

"I think that the slut shouldn't be allowed her pleasure before giving pleasure
to Us. After all isn't that what sluts are for? And I think it should depend on
how good a job the cunt does pleasing us. I mean You can see how badly the slut
wants to hump that filthy urinal, something only a true pisswhore would want to
do, but does the slut want it badly enough to make both of  Us cum in the next
15 minutes. If the slut is covered with both of Our cum by the time 15 minutes
have past and We think that it has done a good job of pleasing us, then I say
then the pisswhore slut hump the urinal until it slops, but it should have to
clean it up when it is done humping it, licking it inside and out so that I know
that it is clean for the next person who has to use it."

"That sounds like an excellent idea, Mistress Teresa. I will keep track of the
time, while My fuckpig is servicing You and please do the same while it is
servicing Me. Time to start in 20 seconds, I suggest that you use that time to
crawl into position in front of Mistress Teresa. As wetcunt crawled in front of
Mistress Teresa, she heard her Master counting down the seconds until she could
start. As soon as her Master said start, wetcunt's face dove into Mistress
Teresa's cunt quickly lapping at her clit and lips, pressing her nose deep into
Mistress Teresa's cunt, teasing Mistress Teresa's clit, until Mistress Teresa
was grabbing a hold of wetcunt's head pressing her face hard against her cunt,
riding her mouth and face until she loudly and wetly came all over wetcunt's
face. "That was almost 8 minutes cunt, you will have to be faster with Me if you
want to get to slop all over that urinal."

wetcunt quickly crawled over to her Master and taking His cock out, she
immediately started lapping around the head, teasing His cock the way that she
knew He loved best. Then sucking His cock in, she sucked as hard as she could,
moving her head as quickly as possible, filling her mouth and throat with His
cock, then pulling back to the tip, until finally her Master pulled His cock out
of His slut's mouth and covered her face with His cum.

"14 minutes and 56 seconds. The slut got it done in time, but how was her
performance for you?" wetcunt heard her Master ask.

"It was adequate for the time allowed, besides that urinal really does need a
good cleaning before any of My guests has to use it. And I think it would be
amusing to see that the pisswhore hump that urinal, have never seen a slut that
desperate to do something so humiliating just so they could get to slop. Like I
said Sir Michael, You have a very well-trained fuckpig there."

"You heard the lady, cunt, start humping that urinal and after you have covered
it with the juice from that slop hole, you are to lick every inch of that
urinal, both inside and out." With that wetcunt quickly crawled over to the
urinal and positioning the lip of the urinal in line with her clit, wetcunt
started to furiously hump the lip of the urinal, driving her closer and closer
to slopping until she came violently and loudly, her moans of pleasure echoing
from the walls of the bathroom. After a few seconds, wetcunt caught her breath
and again lowering her head, starting with the base of the urinal, wetcunt
slowly licked each square inch of the outside of the urinal lapping it clean,
the odor of stale piss filling her nostrils.  Then placing her head back inside
the urinal, smelling the a stronger odor of stale piss, wetcunt lapped at each
inch of the urinal, her mouth filled with the taste of stale piss, until she had
thoroughly cleaned the urinal inside and out. After giving the inside one more
lick, wetcunt raised her head from the inside of the urinal and waited for her
Master's instruction.

"Well done, cunt. Now crawl over here and thank Mistress Teresa for a chance to
be the pisswhore, humiliation slut that I know that you crave to be and for
helping Master continue your training." After wetcunt thanked Mistress Teresa,
she heard her Master say, "I plan to give My fuckpig a couple of weeks to allow
these piercings to start healing and then I will bring her in to start her
service in Your dungeon."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Humil Slut


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





