BDSM Library - A Schoolgirl Crush




A Schoolgirl Crush
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A schoolgirl is caught cheating on a test and is punished by her form mistress.
A Schoolgirl Crush

by Brenda

****************************************

This is NOT a work of fine literary art. It is simply one of many in a long line
of masturbation fantasies. It was mainly written 'one-handed.' The other hand
was very active at my pussy. Well - that's what one does when one masturbates,
is it not? Oh, and one certainly does get her keyboard clogged with pussy juice
- sometimes shit too, if she teases her dirty rear hole whilst writing. If you
don't like the spelling or the grammar, don't read it. I will NOT interrupt
another masturbation fantasy to go over and over this one for wording, style,
and all the other crap. Happy reading - and hopefully, orgasms. *giggles*

****************************************


The effect on Tori's innocent mind after her form mistress called her to her
private quarters and whipped her for cheating during a test was devastating. The
thirty-five year old woman had made the pretty girl strip down to just her black
stockings and garters. As Tori stood naked and blushing before her, Jane Smythe
sternly lectured her on the lowliness of what she had done and how she was going
to break her of her dishonesty with the leather strap.

At length Miss Jane Smythe removed her dressing gown and stood in just her black
silk stockings and knickers. She did not have a pretty face nor did the
plumpness of her nearly nude body compare with the slender beauty of the other
girls who shared Tori's dormitory. Yet Tori was awe-struck by the woman's mature
sensuality - her ample breasts and their elongated nipples, her rounded rather
than flat belly, and the strength and power of her large thighs. On Miss
Smythe's command, Tori sank to her knees.

"I'm going to whip you without mercy and therefore require something to put in
your mouth to gag you. My knickers will do nicely and add to the shame of your
punishment," Miss Smythe said, moving one hand to the crotch of her knickers.
"In anticipation of whipping you soundly I have touched myself down there, just
as you girls touch yourselves when you are in bed. I must say that I have made
my knickers quite wet with the pleasure of doing it."

Tori trembled as she watched Miss Smythe's fingers lightly rub against the silk
knicker crotch. She noted a large wet patch in the black silk material. After a
long moment Miss Smythe removed her knickers and Tori blushed crimson as she
stared at the woman's plump pussy and the forest of dark brown pussy-curls that
covered her lower belly and crotch.

Miss Smythe stepped closer and rubbed the soggy knicker crotch in the kneeling
girl's nose. "Smell them Tori. Smell the scent of the woman who is going to whip
you without mercy and break you to total submission."

Tori whimpered, repulsed by the intimate scent of the woman, yet strangely
excited at the same time by the scent of a mature woman in full heat.

"I think that shaming you with my soiled knickers will prove to be every bit as
effective as the whipping I'm about to give you, Tori," Miss Smythe said, a
trace of huskiness in her stern voice. "Lick the wetness of my soiled knickers
and know the full shame that your cheating has brought upon yourself."

Whimpering again, Tori extended her tongue and shivered with repulsion as she
licked the soggy silk material.

"How dare you cringe so at the taste of my most personal essence!" Jane said,
slapping Tori's face sharply. "Very well, I shan't gag you but will make you
further humiliate yourself with your cries for mercy," Miss Smythe said,
flinging her knickers onto the floor angrily.

Picking up the leather strap, Miss Smythe ordered Tori onto her hands and knees
on the floor and whipped the girl's naked back and bottom until she lay writhing
on the floor in agony. Afterwards, Miss Smythe sat in an armchair and ordered
Tori to lick and suck her toes through her silk stockings as an act of humble
gratitude for the whipping she had just received.


********************


Tori lay in her bed in the dormitory afterwards, the pain in her back and
shoulders reminding her of the cruel whipping Miss Smythe had given her. The
pain in her bottom had subsided and turned to a deep warming sensation, making
her pussy tingle and demand to be rubbed off. She thought of the scent of Miss
Smythe's wet knickers as she moved one hand between her thighs to caress her
moist pussy. She had smelled her form mistress's pussy come and even put her
tongue against the soiled knicker crotch!

As she lay there in the dark caressing herself Tori heard whimpers of pleasure
from several of the beds around her. Most of the girls in the dormitory slipped
into each other's beds during the night to lick and tease each other's pussies,
but Tori had adamantly refused invitations from several of the girls to sleep
with them. Yet as her fingers teased her sensitive clit, Tori's mind was filled
with the vision of Miss Smythe's rounded belly and her thick brown pussy-curls
and the huge womanly slit of her cunt. She didn't want to get into bed with any
of the girls in the dormitory, but as she neared orgasm, knew that she would do
anything to lay between Miss Smythe's strong thick thighs and kiss and lick her
pussy.


********************


Her aroused feelings for Miss Smythe showed in her manner by day in the
classroom. By the way she responded to questions addressed to her and in the
secret looks of admiration she directed towards Miss Smythe when she thought
herself unobserved.

All the girls in her form despised Miss Smythe and Tori had to keep herself
carefully in check at the malicious and spiteful things the other girls often
said about their form mistress. If they knew of her passions for Miss Smythe
they would make life unbearable for her. After two weeks of taking note of the
way in which the pretty girl looked at her with longing, Miss Symthe stopped her
at the end of the class one afternoon, telling Tori she wished to see her in her
private quarters later that evening to discuss how pleased she was that the
punishment she had given seemed to be effective.

Several hours later, Tori made her way to Miss Smythe's private quarters,
thrilled at the invitation, yet gripped with a kind of fear of the unknown.

Miss Smythe sat in her armchair and was dressed as before in a dressing gown and
black silk stockings.

"Come, stand before me, Tori. I have a most serious matter to discuss with you."

Tori kept silent, thinking that best, and went to stand in front of Miss Smythe.

"It has been my privilege to have been a teacher of well-bred young ladies for
some years now," the form mistress commenced, "and I am therefore guided by a
wealth of practical experience. It has not escaped my attention, Tori, that your
attitude in respect of my person has undergone a change of late."

Tori was astonished by what she heard and raised her eyes to gaze at Miss
Smythe's face.

"Yes, look me frankly in the eye," said the woman, "and tell me if it is not
so."

"I humbly ask your pardon, Miss Smythe, but I fear I do not understand your
meaning," said Tori in a quavering tone.

"I think you do - have you not been directing burning glances at me in class?
Has your pretty face not blushed pink whenever I have put a question to you?
Have your knees not turned weak beneath you when you have observed my bottom
when I turn to write on the blackboard? These are rhetorical questions,
requiring no answer, for the answer is plain enough to see. In short, Tori, is
it not true that you have developed a crush on me?"

"Oh, Miss Smythe!" Tori stammered, her face crimson.

"You are infatuated with me but are unable to articulate your feelings towards
me - am I correct?"

Tori had been rendered speechless and could only blink.

"Your blushes and confusion of manner are answer enough," said Miss Smythe with
a slow smile. "I know what is in your heart, for this has happened to me before
in my career as a teacher of females. Other pretty girls like you have felt the
force of those same feelings towards me - even though I am no beauty and
despised by many of those under my charge. When I whipped you - that is the
moment your crush on me began, wasn't it, Tori?"

Her deepest emotions in a turmoil, Tori could do no more than nod her head
timidly and gaze intensely into the dark and luminous eyes of the woman she
adored.

Fixing Tori with her steady gaze, Miss Smythe continued her game of teasing the
girl. "When you gaze upon me your pulse begins to  beat faster," she said, "your
breathing becomes ragged, the blood mounts to your cheek - if it were possible
you would hug me and  shower kisses on my face. Is it not so?"

Tori was awe-struck by this casual exposure of her feelings which she had
thought to be a profound secret until now.

"Come closer," said Miss Smythe.

Tori moved towards the chair on which the form mistress was seated. At once Miss
Smythe reached out to pass an arm about Tori's waist and hold her fast, while
with her other hand she raised the startled girl's long skirts and tucked them
up above her waist, revealing the thin white cotton knickers.

Before Tori could collect herself to utter a respectful, if totally insincere,
protest at so very immodest an action, Miss Smythe's hand roamed freely between
her thighs, slipping into her knickers and playing lightly over her sweet and
soft-haired slit.

"The last time you were here with me in my private quarters you cringed when I
made you put your tongue against the wetness of my knicker crotch. You were
awe-struck with the sight of my nakedness, but had not yet fallen head over
heels for me. It wasn't until I whipped you that your pussy came in heat for me.
Had I offered you my soiled knickers to touch with your tongue after I had
whipped you, you would have readily sucked the crotch clean. That much was
apparent by the way you sucked my toes. Tell me, and do not lie - did you play
with your pussy and think about me when I sent you back to your dormitory,
Tori?"

Tori nodded yes, blushing deeply and squirming against the woman's fingers as
they teased her moistened pussy.

"A very profound effect often takes place in a young girl like you when a woman
whips and truly breaks her," Miss Smythe said. "I conquered you with the strap,
Tori, and made you mine, body and soul. I want you naked. Undress for me."

Miss Smythe released her and Tori blushingly stripped naked. She trembled as she
watched the woman open her dressing gown. Like the last time, she only wore
black knickers.

"You may kneel before me and show your gratitude for the whipping I gave you
like you did the last time, Tori, darling."

Miss Smythe had called her 'darling,' and Tori went down on her knees and
removed the slippers. Bending her head low, she reverently kissed then licked
the woman's toes. Then one by one she began to suck them.

"That's lovely, Tori, sweetheart," Miss Smythe said. "Worship the woman who beat
you without mercy. I'm going to take the strap to you often and show you the
meaning of true pain and agony, my  darling pretty one. The mere thought of it
makes my pussy so wet with passion. Suck my toes whilst I pleasure my pussy with
my fingers."

The woman's words shocked and excited the girl beyond her wildest imaginings. "I
love you Miss Smythe," Tori said as she stared up and watched Miss Smythe's hand
move inside her knickers. "Please, whip me again."

"I shall whip you when you need it, darling, but tonight I think you need
something else. Put my toes in your mouth and suck me whilst you watch me bring
myself off. Ah! Ahhh! Ooohhh! It's coming!"

Tori sucked strongly on Miss Smythe's toes as she watched her in the throes of
orgasm. "That was lovely being in your mouth when I came," Miss Smythe said a
few moments later. "Is it lovely for you when you play with your pussy and come
while thinking about me, darling?"

"Yes," Tori confessed. "I get wet down there every time I look at you."

"Come my sweetheart, let's lay on my bed. Would you like that? Would you like to
sleep with me in my bed tonight?"

"I...I would give anything to do that," Tori said.

They both rose up and Miss Smythe led Tori by the hand to her large bed. She
took her gown off and then her knickers. When she was told to kneel, Tori knelt
and whimpered as Miss Smythe rubbed her wet knicker crotch against her nose.
Without being told, Tori licked and then sucked at the wetness, trembling with
passion at the taste of the woman in her mouth.

Leaving the girl kneeling on the floor Miss Smythe stretched out on her bed and
splayed her thighs, making her pussy gape wide. "Tell me, Tori darling, do you
think about me naked like this when you play with your pussy?" Miss Smythe
asked.

"Yes, oh yes, Miss Smythe," Tori replied, staring hotly at the big gaping cunt.

"That's so very wicked and naughty of you, my darling, and I shall therefore not
hesitate in teaching you the deliciously wicked pleasures that two randy women
can share. I'm randy for the taste of your pussy in my mouth, Tori. Are you
randy for the taste of mine?"

"Yes, Miss Smythe," Tori said raising from her knees and crawling onto the bed
with the woman.

The girl was smothered with kisses by the woman and Tori responded passionately,
moving one hand between Miss Smythe's legs and boldly caressing her wet pussy.
At length Miss Smythe  placed Tori on her back and straddled over her face in
what Tori knew was a 69 position so that they could suck each other. But the
woman offered her big plump bottom instead of her pussy to Tori's mouth.

"I feel a fart coming on, Tori darling," Miss Smythe said, wriggling her bottom
suggestively.

Tori had seen girls in the dorm kneel behind another girl and press her nose
between the other girl's backside upon such an announcement and coo with delight
as the girl let rip with her bottom and fart in her face. Tori had always been
repulsed by the thought, but now she felt her clit throb with desire as she
stared up at the woman's big, well shaped bottom. She reached up and parted Miss
Smythe's cheeks wide and whimpered as the woman settled down over her face. Tori
trembled with passion as she inhaled the woman's musky bottom scent, wanting
what her form mistress was going to give her.

"I can feel your breath right against my bumhole, darling. Smell it, Tori. Smell
your lover's bottom. I shall have your nose and your tongue up there often, my
lewd little pet. Ooohhh, here it comes Tori. Breathe in now, sweetheart!"

The woman farted loudly, just as Tori inhaled, her wind going up Tori's nose and
making Tori swoon with desire for the woman.

"Ah! Ahhh!" Miss Smythe cooed as she felt Tori's tongue licking her anus. The
girl had shown no hesitation in bestowing the most lewd oral tribute to her, and
Miss Smythe knew that Tori would refuse her nothing - no matter how lewd the
request.

Lowering her head between the girl's thighs, the woman began to lick and tease
the wet and excited girl-pussy. Their moans and whimpers of passion filled the
room for several hours before the bliss of sleep overtook them...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brenda


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





