BDSM Library - The Perils of Pauline's




The Perils of Pauline's
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: For the men who want the perfect life, or is it wife?
  Copy-right Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

     Short stories about Pauline's by Pagan.
              
                  The Perils of Pauline's    1


                                                     Pauline Stepford.

  "You bastard you absolute bastard, you knew how much I wanted to go to that
party, how could you and away for how long, ten days, ten bloody days, oh yes,
you would hob-knob with your new boss's, I can hear you now, yes sir, no sir,
lick your boots sir, go on piss off with your boss's, I bet their wives are
going, I'm not good enough".

Peter Stepford went towards his wife, "Look I'll ring, I'll make-", before he
could finish she grabbed the phone, ripped it from the wall and threw it at him,
"Ring yourself", in floods of tears she ran upstairs and locked herself in the
bedroom.

Pauline Stepford had been married for six weeks to Peter, her second marriage
and she hoped her last. A fine looking women of 34 never had children, part of
the reason for the break up was that she had a low sex drive but she had meet
Peter, a pharmaceutical technician, and such a sweet understanding man who
didn't push the sex thing, she was married to him with in four months.

They had been in the area for about three weeks, new job, wonderful new house,
new beginning and they had been invited to a grand cocktail party to meet the
posh neighbourhood but now he was going on a trip with the three boss's and
their wives, Pauline was not going, she had not been excepted yet.

She sat composed in front of the mirror, dabbing her eyes with one hand as she
brushed her thick dark hair with the other, there was a light tap on the bedroom
door.
"Pauline may I come in, I am sorry, it's not my idea".

Pauline turned and stared at the locked door, "No, no, no, go sleep in the spare
room and don't talk to me in the morning, I'll go out and you can pack and clear
off and you can think yourself lucky if I'm here when you get back". A pathetic,
"Please", came back; Pauline stood and scream, "Go lick ass". Then marched to
the light switch, turned the lights off and lay on the bed.

Peter thought discretion being the better part of valour waited until he heard
her go before packing and leaving, having to use his mobile he ordered flowers
to be delivered and then waited for the car to take him.

Pauline arrived back, saw the flowers waiting for her and dumped them in the
bin, went in and poured a large glass of wine. She picked up the invite,
         Mr and Mrs J Huwl-Forsyth.
                Request the pleasure of Mr and Mrs P Stepford
                      The purpose to join the community for a cocktail evening
and buffet
                                 at               The Lodge.
                                      Monday 18 November from 7pm
                                         Evening dress required.

Still with it in her hand she climbed the stairs, went in to the bedroom, opened
the wardrobe and pulled out the black wrap around scoop necked cocktail dress,
she thought, "Why not".

It was 4pm when she ran her bath, she had decided she was going to look the
part, bath over, a little neat trim of her pubic hairs, then to her make up,
followed by her hair, now the clothes. The black dress had a low scoop neck, so
an uplift bra to push her ample breast's up would be just the thing to give the
top that well filled and over-flowing look, she laughed to her-self when she
thought, "That will make the old farts whistle", matching pants and nice dark
tights. She laid them on the bed and went to get her sling back high heels.

She dropped one of the shoes, it hit the bed and caught her tights, "Dam, dam,
dam" she looked in the draw for another pair, another set of, "Dam, dam, dam"
greeted the fact that all she had left were stockings and they would need
suspenders, it would have to do, a little discreet pin would stop the wrap
around from opening that extra six inches, she looked perfect, she had ordered a
taxi for eight, now nothing was going to stop her going.

She had made polite conversion with men who could only look at her cleavage, she
had spoken about different charity's with nice old ladies, the local ladies man
had been given the brush off, but a lot of wine had been consumed.

It's was just gone eleven when two cars arrived, four younger men got out and
chatted as they entered, Pauline over heard someone say, "Oh hell I'd hoped they
gone away with them, spoilt brats", Pauline wondered who they were as another
glass of wine was handed to her.

She asked a gentleman, who earlier had been a cleavage admirer, he told her,
"The boss's son's, little shits nothing but a butch of loud mouth big heads",
she took it they weren't wanted, anyway a stifled yawn told her it was time to
call it a day, she was a bit woozy and yes she had missed Peter.

As she went for her coat her glass was knocked by one of the youths, "Sorry", he
turned at looked at her, "Oh yes so very sorry, my who are you"? The other three
joined him and she polity said, "Good evening to all of them".

"You still haven't answered my question, who are you"?
 For the next hour they monopolized Pauline, keeping her surrounded and the
drinks flowing as they asked her the silliest questions about herself and Peter,
as the night went on so did the questions.
Was he any good in bed, did she like or give head, they were getting a little to
personal for her liking, she thought she must escape them, besides she must have
had enough wine the last two drinks tasted funny.

She pushed at them to let her call for a taxi, one of them told her he would get
the company driver to collect her, he would only be a quarter of an hour, would
she like another drink, now that one did taste funny.

She had enough of their childishness and asked to be excused, the heat, the
drink, she needed a little air; with gentlemanly curtsy one of them took her to
the garden bench asked her if she would be all right and left.
 The fresh air did her no good at all and her head started to spin, she was very
unsteady. A big black car pulled up and she could just make out a man in a
peaked cap opening the door as she blindly tottered down the path.

"Mrs Stepford", she answered a slurd, "Yes", as she slid in, the door closed, he
got in and the car purred away.
It could only have been half a mile when it stopped, both doors flew open and
two of the youths got in each side of her, she tried in her drunken state to
call at the driver but he just took his hat off turned and grinned at her, it
was another one of the four.

Headlight's flashed in front and her car moved off following the second car, a
voice beside her said "We meet again Mrs Stepford". Her mouth wouldn't work, she
tried to call out to the driver as the car turned left not right but the silly
burbling noise she made, made no sense. Her head and body sunk in to the soft
leather, she managed to turn her head left and right only to be greeted by
youthful grinning faces.
     
Her enter body and face felt like it had been to the dentist, she was cold and
numb her mouth wouldn't work, she could hear the others talking but she could do
nothing.
"Well Mrs Stepford what are you doing here", her head slowly turned as the other
spoke,
"Do you know I have been looking at this little pin all night, and wondering
what happens when you pull it out", her eye's followed his fingers as he removed
the little pin she had so carefully put in her dress.

Her eyes stared down as the one opposite pulled at her dress, it opened, fully
exposing her long stocking clad legs and the silk ties of the suspenders to both
of them, "Mmmmmmmmm" nice, I love stocking covered legs", the other laid his
hand on her thigh, "Nothing like a bit of naked flesh before the main
attraction".

She could do nothing but look down as the hand played little circles on the
naked skin between her stockings and pants, she tried again to speak,
"Mmhhaaayyy", the grinning face laughed, "Why, you ask why, Clive just get her
tit's out", the boy beside her tugged the scoop neck down under her bra, it was
easy to lift both her large breast's out over the cups.

"Look at them Christ now they are tasty, see, you are one real good looking
woman, alone for a few days, your husband is away with our folks and as you told
us earlier he is kissing ass, so we have decided to repay the complement by
kissing his lovely wife's ass", he moved closer as his hand slipped up and
cupped her cunt, his middle finger pressing her pants in to her slit, his face
was almost touching hers as he said "And a few other places as well".

The car turned another corner her paralysed body slid on the leather seat,
Phillip smiled as she slid in to him, "Getting fresh already Mrs Stepford, don't
worry we decided earlier we would have you completely open to us", his left hand
continued stroking her pants enjoying the outline of her slit as his mouth moved
down to cover her exposed nipple, she made a small groan, Clive looked at her,
"Here, have twice the groan", and he bent a suckled the other nipple,
"Nnooooommm". The driver looked at her through the rear view mirror.

 He saw her sitting there, her beautiful face above two heads sucking at her
tit's, her legs spread wide open, her patterned stocking tops showed her white
naked thighs and the movement of a hand caressing her crutch, Pauline looked
back at him through the mirror, he chuckled  "Mrs Stepford I promise you, you
won't have any need for the word no for the next few day's".

The two youths were oblivious to anything but the lovely woman's body; their
mouths sucked as excited tongues flicked over hard thick nipples. The driver
spoke, "Phil get hold of this we are nearly there".
Phillip left playing with her crutch and took the bottle from him then a cloth,
he poured the liquid on to the cloth and smiled at the helpless Pauline, "Sleepy
time", as he put the cloth to her nose she thought, ether, no, oh god no,
chloroform. In her drugged state she didn't stand a chance and soon the fumes
caused her mind to submit, as the car pulled in to a driveway she was rendered
unconscious.

Her eyes flickered open then shut tight again the bright light was painful, she
heard a female voice, "Charles she's awake it's to early", another male voice
said, "Oh don't worry, I'll see to her. Mrs Stepford, are you awake"? Pauline's
eyes blinked and slowly focused.

She was in a clinic, she lay on a large couch it was very smart, in fact
every-where was immaculate, the gentleman in the white coat came closer, she
looked at him then the drip tube in her arm, "Don't worry about that, when we
found you, you had a lot of drugs in you so we are neutralizing them", he smiled
at her as he went to check the tube.

"Mmmm fine just fine now a little injection and all will be well". Still half
asleep Pauline watched him tap the syringe and place the point on her arm, he
pushed the plunger and slowly she slid back in to relaxed sleep.

Her dreams were weird, full of large male cocks, grinning faces, hands touching
her, feeling of idyllic pleasure's, the worst thing was she lusted for sex.
She woke her mouth was dry, she looked for the doctor, but she was in a
different room, she was laying on a lovely soft round bed and she felt something
she had never felt before, she felt sexy, she went to touch herself but her arms
were restrained, not tight but fastened to ether side of the bed, just so he
couldn't touch herself.
 She was awake now, she looked down, she was naked apart from her suspenders and
stocking, she looked at her surroundings, it was a very plush bedroom, silk
drapes hung everywhere, it looked more like a harem, oh and her feeling, it was
impossible but they were getting stronger, she could feel the wet dripping down
the full lips of her slit and into her ass cheeks before dropping on to the bed.

She was beginning to thrust her hips around rubbing her thighs together, loud
moans came from her mouth she was becoming uncontrollable, at that moment the
door opened and the four youths who had taken her came in, she looked at them
through glazed eyes. They stood around the bed dressed only in boxer shorts.
Phillip bent forward and touched her swollen cunt lips her body jumped at the
touch and she gasped, "Please again touch me again". This time it was Clive who
ran his finger the full length of the wet slit, tickling the nub as he slowly
drew his hand up, her hips followed him up.

Andrew lay across the bed beside her and kissed her hard and fierce driving his
tongue deep into her mouth, she sucked it in, he pulled away, "Want to be
fucked, want to be fucked hard", she moaned "Yes now, make it now please I need
it", he kissed her again enjoying the rich hungry wet lips, "What happened to
noooooo", Pauline just said, "Fuck me now".

He undid her arms as Clive played with her wet cunt, "Suck my cock and I'll fuck
you", her head leapt off the bed as her mouth took hold and suckled the cock,
even in her confused state she knew she had never sucked a cock so far down her
throat, but she couldn't help it. Her hands mauled her own breasts as the
invading fingers ploughed in to her cunt driving her in to her first every
fingered fucked orgasm.

Andrew watched her face as she relaxed after the climax, still the mouth sucked
on his cock, still her fingers took the place of Clives still her hips moved,
"Horny little housewife aren't we, I think I'll have some of that hot cunt you
got nestling between your legs, Phillip you want her mouth, it's sucks real
hard".

Andrew fucked her cunt as he looked at Phillip enjoying the attention of her
mouth, Clive was sucking her nipple, he couldn't do much else as her left hand
held his head hard down on them. Even after she had taken cream up her cunt and
in her mouth, her fingers were rubbing her clit again, they had no trouble in
rolling her over and getting her on her knees, her fingers splayed her cunt lips
for Jerry to fuck her again and she only groaned a little as the cock ignored
her cunt and pushed forcefully up her ass, the groan was soon silenced by
Clive's cock being stuck in her mouth.   

The four youths spent the next two hours servicing the hot assed woman; if they
stopped she begged them to fuck her again. They fucked her in every position
thought possible, ether one at a time or any combination of all three together.
The doctor arrived but stood back and watched as Andrew emptied himself in her
again. Before she could beg for more the doctor laid the chloroformed cloth over
her nose and told the woman to clean her up.

Pauline came round, I large mirror was now in the room and she wasn't tied.

She heard a noise, she looked to the side of the bed and a large dog was lying
there. Pauline got off the bed and looked at herself in the mirror, her hair was
re-done, her make up immaculate and new stocking, sheer and they were hold ups
which accentuated her lovely legs, but that hot feeling was still between them,
she looked in the mirror and started to rub herself again. She never realized
how turned on she would become just watching herself finger fuck her own cunt.

Within a few minutes she was rolling around the bed fingering her cunt and
pushing fingers up her-self, she was only just aware of other movement on the
bed until a tongue licked at her fingers. She opened her eyes, the dog was on
the bed, she pushed at it to get off but her hand slid up the dogs head as his
nose buried it self between her legs, she pulled herself back up the bed but
stopped as the sensation of the dogs tongue excited her cunt lips.

Pauline watched herself in the mirror as she opened her legs as wide as possible
resigned to letting the dog force it's tongue up her as far as it could go, the
dog did not disappoint her, licking her in to a explosive climax. Still she
watched, still the dog licked, Pauline lay there, as she did she saw in the
mirror something under the dog, her eyes were locked on the long red cock at
least 6 or 7 inches it was now hard out of the sheath.

She slid slowly round making sure the dog didn't stop licking until she was
under the dog's back legs, opened her mouth and sucked the long red meat in to
it. The more she pumped at the meat the more the dog licked, out of the corner
of her eye she could see the mirror, she watched as the dogs tongue licked at
her cunt, to see her own mouth full of a dogs hard red meat made her come twice
before the taste of the animals juice filled her mouth, she lay back as it juice
dribbled down the side of her face.

A loud clap and the word, "Out", made Pauline jump and look to her left, the
woman, in her white coat, was closing the door behind the dog, she came towards
Pauline pouring liquid on to a cloth, Pauline begged "No", but to her surprise
the woman bent and wiped the dog's juice from her pretty face, the used more to
wipe her cunt, "Enjoy", she was foreign, Pauline nodded the woman stood up and
undid her white coat, she was naked underneath, "Your good with cocks, yes, what
are you like with cunt's, I want to enjoy, you fancy licking this", she pulled
her cunts lips apart and put one knee on the bed. Pauline couldn't even think of
saying no, mechanically she moved under the gapping slit and as it descended on
to her mouth, she started to lick.

The woman ground her cunt down on to Pauline's face and let the unwilling
captive pleasure her, until she stood up and viscously pulled Pauline by the
hair to the edge of the bed.
She lay on the bed her-self and pointed to her open cunt, "Get back in there",
Pauline immediately lay flat on the bed, her face pushed hard in to the tangle
of black hair and carried on sucking and licking until spurts of hot female
juice splattered her mouth and nose, "Nice, yes nice I enjoy, now let me clean
you up again", Pauline lay back licking the juice from her hands and face, she
lay open legged on the bed hoping for more cunt to play with, she watched as the
liquid was poured on to the cloth, unfortunately for Pauline she didn't notice
it was a different bottle and the chloroform soon had her unconscious again.

Pauline sensed she was being moved back in to the clinic, was it a dream or. She
had a nice feeling of being fucked slow and hard, she half opened her eyes and
saw the doctor on top of her fucking her gently, he had a kind smile on his
face, he looked at her, "Go back to sleep my beauty just using your lovely cunt
while you can't stop me and while I can, you still fuck nicely", Pauline didn't
understand why she should stop anyone from fucking her as she drifted back to
unconsciousness.

When she woke, she was dressed in a sexy red dress, short, so short it only
covered her ass and legs to the top of her stockings, it had a high button
collar and she wore a matching dog collar, she looked around, she was back on
the bed, and the itch was there, she could feel between her legs she was wet
again her fingers played over the crutchless pants, Andrew entered he was naked
and his long cock stood out in front, "Want me to fuck you", Pauline looked at
him, "No I don't", he turned and left, still she fingered herself.

The door opened and three men entered with Peter, Peter walked over to her,
"Want me to fuck you", Pauline threw herself at his feet, "God Peter yes,
Please, please fuck me, use me, do what you want with me but fuck me now, I'll
do anything to please you but please fuck me". Peter looked at his beautiful
wife, "Later Pauline, now sit on the bed and wait", without another word she
scampered back on the bed.

The three men clapped, "Well done Peter, you serum is a success, welcome to the
board of Dupont Chemicals, when you told me it would work, I thought you crazy
but if you can turn her in to what I've seen her do, the sky's yours. Now
there's a car waiting to take you both home and I'll see you later in the
morning, I say later because looking at her I think you have a busy night ahead
of you, the doctor say's as you know she's been trained in some aspect's of
perversion but now she's programmed totally for your own pleasure, you lucky
man".

There was a lot of hand shaking as another said, "Don't be to late, we have to
start on the other lovely young things in the town and I have my eye on a rather
nice 15 year old cheer-leader, so please don't be late, thank god for you, see
you tomorrow".

Peter shook every-bodies hands again then looked over to the bed, "Come
Pauline", she rose and walked behind him, "Coming my one and only master".


                                                         PAGAN.




  Copy-right kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

             Short stories about Pauline's by Pagan
                     The Perils of Pauline's    2

                                                         Pauline Jones.

 The three converted barns made beautiful homes. Secluded, set away from the
village but convenient to the motorway, each one with an spacious acre of ground
separating them, a peaceful and quite area to live.
 Number 2 had hanging baskets along the wall leading to the front door, lovely
big rooms, one lounge and one dining room plus a kitchen and down stairs
bathroom, all beautifully timber beamed.
Up the round staircase were three big bedrooms, again all timber beams, and all
en-suite.
The master bedroom held blush pink fitted furniture and a huge bed with scrolled
brass fitting's top and bottom.

The beautiful blond haired woman lay on it, her arms up above her head tied
through the middle scroll. The rope ran from her wrist's down behind her back,
between her legs, there large rough knots had been tied every inch so as they
bit in to ass and cunt before going over her flat stomach then being tied off
around her waist. Every movement she made forced the knots to play on her. Her
legs were open wide and fastened to the base. Her bright blue eyes looked up to
the ceiling as she tried to move the round ball strapped in to her mouth. The
soft wall lights now illuminated her young magnificent body, exposed and totally
naked. She glistened with a light perspiration; her mind fought in it's confused
state.

As she lay there she thought; I've lost count of the amount of times I've been
raped, abused and forced to do degusting things by those two pervert's in the
last 24 hours. I begged them to untie me but the last thing they said was, "You
ain't going anywhere darling you just lay there sweetheart we are going for a
beer, you just remember what's happened to you we will be back later and carry
on were we left off". She thought, I hope they untie me before my husband gets
home and why oh why have I got this uncontrollable fetish?

And how in god's name did I let it get me in this position?

The large blue removal van sat at the end of the basket-lined path. Tal Jones
and his pretty new wife Pauline watched the two burly men in their matching blue
overalls carry their furniture in to their new house. After two hours and
several cups of coffee the box's started to be taken to the correct rooms, each
one carefully labelled, lounge, kitchen, bedroom, miscellanies, etc. Pauline ran
excitedly from room to room changing her mind as to where things were going, Tal
smiled and followed her every whim.

It must have been about 1.20 during lunch break, Pauline and Tal were sitting on
the kitchen stools staring in to each others eye's sipping some celebration
wine, the two men were in the back of the van chewing sandwiches, secretly
pouring scotch in to their coffee. Steve lay back on some packing cases when he
heard a crack.

"Oh shit what the fuck was that", Chris peered around the back, "I think your
alright mate, it's a piece of our packing rack but you've moved one of their
box's and it don't look non to safe".

Steve climbed around to the split box and pulled it clear, he looked at the
writing on it, "Miscellanies and confidential, now there's a thing, I wonder
what it is". Chris looked at him, "Curiosity will get you the sack, and you
nearly got caught the last time".

Steve smiled as he lifted the corner of the lid, "Fucking hell, the lucky
bastard".

Chris looked up, "What the fuck is it now". Steve handed him some cards from the
top of the box, most of them from a stag night party, Chris picked some out.
"For use on a trouble-some wife, keeps her tied to the kitchen sink, Never say's
no with one of these", he looked at Steve, " What the fucks in the box".

The first thing Steve showed him was a set of bondage magazines then ball gags,
wrist and ankle straps, vibrators, rope, nipple clips, he smiled, "Well I wonder
what they get up to, look at this," it was a vibrator like a toothbrush, it
rotated as the brush pulsed back and forth,  "Must be fun, must do things to a
darling like her", he waved the nipple clips, "I could go blind with the thought
of these on hers".

Pauline came to the back of the van as the box was being replace, she looked at
it in Steve's hand's, "I'll take that", she grabbed at the box and marched back
in the house.

Steve and Chris quickly picked up two box's and followed, they could hear her
raised voice as the past the kitchen, they stopped and listened.

Pauline was her full flow, "I told you to bring this in the boot, I still
haven't forgiven you for telling you mate," Tal was trying to explain, sorry, I
didn't mean to, forgive me, I was drunk, I love you, interjected Pauline's
stream of words.

"This is our secret, you promised, just because we found out I get
uncontrollable turned on by being tied up is just for us not to be spread around
your work and golf mate's, if you want to tie me up and make me do wicked things
than that's fine, I like my sex that way but don't tell other's, how can I be
expected to face them. This had better never happen again, you can think about
the fool you have made of me while your away next weekend you think long and
hard, I want to make this our lovely house and I will go out and buy some lovely
things while your away, so think on that too".

The blue van pulled back on to the motorway, Steve looked at Chris, " I wonder
if she gets uncontrollable with him or any-one".
Chris looked back, "Well mate you will never know".
Steve smiled, "There is a small box we forgot to unload, and we are off next
week-end, should we drop it back".
Chris stared at him, " You are joking".
The smile grew wider, "I don't joke".

Pauline was restless, Tal had only been gone 2 hours, she sat reading a magazine
but her mind was on the bondage fun they had last night, she got up for another
coffee, as she waited for the kettle, she opened the cupboard by the sink and
stared at the box, she bent down and picked out a magazine called Captive, made
her coffee and went back to the lounge taking the magazine with her.

She sipped her drink and gazed at the scantly clothed woman, tied up to a beam
standing on a table, the thought of her wriggling around unable to escape and
being at the mercy of any-one, that caused Pauline to touch her-self through her
light summer skirt.

She put her coffee cup down and looked up at the beams above her then at the
dining room table, she was not only restless she was wet.

She pondered, maybe just 15 minutes, just enough to get rid of this horny itch,
how would I, yes a pair of steps, then loop the rope round the beam, step down
on the table, get rid of the itch and step back on the steps to release myself
and, yes why not.

She put some cardboard over the table so she could wear high heels and then
moved a mirror so she could see herself. She looked at her self, nice, a sort of
innocent sexy, high heels, support sexy stockings, little light summer skirt,
nice tight fitting shirt, she thought shows my firm tit's off nicely, now
where's the rope.

Pauline got the box out and put it on the kitchen table, found a length of rope
and then got the big steps from the garage. Positioning the steps beside the
table she climbed up, measured how much rope she would need to hold her tight
when she was on the table, then looped one over her wrist and held the other
end. She got off the steps her arms were at full stretch, then she got back on
the steps and found she could loosen the wrist, well if she could loosen one she
could loosen two.

She was getting excited, she slipped the rope over one wrist, climbed the steps
and pasted the rope over the beam then slipped it over her other wrist, pulling
the slip knot's tight.
 Just one more check that she could slide them off again, then she stepped down
on to the table, her arms were held high above her as the knot's bit in to her
wrists.

She threw her head back and rubbed her thighs together feeling the juicy
moisture sticking between her legs, oh yes this is what it's all about, it was
nice.

She moaned, oh yes she was coming, her head hung back as her eyes closed her
whole body going head long in to her first orgasm.

"Hello" she jerked and looked down. Steve smiled up at her, "Hello Mrs Jones
having fun".

Pauline was speechless, as she stared at him, her foot quickly moved to the
steps. An even quicker flick by Chris sent them crashing to the floor, he looked
at the panic stricken face, "OPP'S".

 Pauline tried to be as composed as possible, "I don't know what you're doing in
my house, so please put those steps back and kindly leave".

The two men sat on chairs and pulled them in to the table, they both lent on the
table their heads not 2 feet from a pair of long beautiful legs. Steve smiled at
Chris, "Not a very nice way to treat a couple of blokes who have just brought a
box back for you".

Pauline was now getting very worried; "Look I'm sorry if I seemed rude but
please put the ladder back and I will repay you your expense's". 

Chris picked up the bondage mag it had been left open at the page, "Seems like
our Mrs Jones is experimenting, look at this", Pauline's head spun and turned as
she saw Chris showing Steve the picture, there was now panic in her voice, "Look
will you please let me down, this is not a joke and I'm getting very annoyed".

It was as if she hadn't spoke, Chris turned the page this time the picture was
the next step, the woman was now tied with her legs open, held by a rope from
one ankle under the table and fastened to the other, Chris looked up at Pauline,
"Was this your next move".

"Now look here put those steps back and get out, this is my house and you are
trespassing, I will call the police", Steve laughed, "Not from where I am you
won't, now why don't you let us help you with your little game, I mean
experiment", he grabbed her ankle hard.

He didn't have to speak to Chris he just nodded and a long piece of rope was
pulled from the box, he took one end and wrapped it round Pauline's ankle, she
almost screamed at him, "No please stop, what do you think your playing at, stop
it", all to no avail as he threw the rope under the table and Chris picked it
up.

They both pulled on the leg in front of them, the heels ripped at the cardboard,
she was no match for them and her legs were tied off, now well apart. With her
legs parted her body lowered her wrist's were straining on the rope.

The screaming had gone to a quiet sobbing voice, "Stop it please, I will pay
you, just let me down". Steve nodded his head, "Seems our Mrs Jones is finally
learning manners, such a nice lady", he started to stroke her leg, just the calf
to start with but soon he was at her knee, Chris was doing the same.

"Tell me Mrs Jones why has a nice lady like you got a box like this?"

"Please let me go, please I've done nothing to you, why--," she was cut off,
again Steve said     
"Why, yes why has a nice lady like you got a box full of fun toy's?"

By now Steve's hand was at her stocking top's and she was shaking her voice
almost a whisper, "My hh husband was ga given them at his eerrrr staa stag party
ahhhh", as she said the word party Steve's hand tickled the naked skin above her
stockings.

Chris let his hand touch her skin, "Why didn't you get rid of them". She was now
speaking through gritted teeth, "I wassss going to throw it away a ahh", Steve's
other hand was now stroking her leg between the back of her knee and the top of
her stocking, Pauline was unable to stop her ass moving and her breathing was
becoming erratic.

Chris pulled the back of her skirt back, up and high, he could see between and
up her bound legs, he smiled, what he could see was the dark stain between her
legs, he nodded to Steve, "Seems our Mrs Jones's panty's are a little damp up
there". 
"Well what seems to be making your pussy wet, come on, tell us and if we feel
your telling the truth, we might untie you".

The two men could hardly hear, "No, Noo please why are you doing this stop, I
don't want you in my house please untie me and leave". Steve told Chris to find
some beer, "This could be a long night".

Pauline managed to stamp a foot and she yelled, "Untie me you bastards and get
out, just leave".

Steve got up and walked round to the box, Chris was still tickling the naked
thighs, he was enjoying the way he was making her legs move. Steve pulled a ball
gag out of the box and returned to the chair, stood on it then up on the table
behind her. He looked at the mirror, he could see her looking at him, "A Chris
she can see herself," "ooo,oo," he mockingly waved at her via the mirror, then
he lifted the ball gag so she could see it, "What's this do".  

"Take that away, stop it please", Steve was right by her ear, "Only if you tell
me what it's for".

"You know what it's for", Steve looked down at Chris, "Needs some help
remembering, do you remember that little gismo I showed you in the van, try
using that instead of your hand". 

Pauline now knew they were there and they weren't going away, her pleading only
in-sighted them to do more, her mind raced, she was helpless, tied and they knew
she had done it herself for her own sexual excitement and now, worst of all, she
found herself in her own fantasy, alone, tied, at the mercy of two strangers and
getting wet, her body was charged, she had to stop them before it was to late,
she was married to a wonderful man, she was his and his alone, and she loved him
she was not the plaything of these monsters.

She said, "Look I'm sorry pleaseeeeee", the vibrating head slid up the inside of
her thigh and touched he panty line beside he crutch. She went to speak as the
ball was rammed in her mouth, she shook her head but Steve had the buckle
snapped shut and pulled tight, her mouth opened fully as her teeth held the
ball.

Steve looked at her reflection in the mirror and smiled, "Now you nod or shake
your head at my questions, my friend seems to have made you jump, would you like
him to do it some more?" she shook her head but he carried on. "What can I see
sticking out from your shirt, two little interesting lumps", his hands came
round and pulled at her nipples, her head looked down then back up at him,
"Chris, she just nodded".

As she stared back at him through the mirror, Chris laid the head on to her
pants right over her cunt. Her knees buckled as far as they could and a low moan
came from behind the gag, Steve immediately rolled her nipples, "Like that don't
you", with all the strength she could muster she shook her head, "Oh I think you
do, but have it your way we will just keep you tied up and your cunt going until
you do like it".

His eyes were fixed on the mirror and the bound beauty he could see. Her eyes
were closed, he watched his own hands slide down the front of her shirt up
underneath then the outline travailing up, he felt her soft skin, then the under
part of her firm tit's. He grinned at himself as his hands closed over the firm
mounds feeling the pert hard nipples in the palm of his hand.

With a giggle in his voice he said, "Chris I got skin try some on that machine",
Chris put his finger in to the crutch of her pants pulled down and slid the
vibrator fully on to her cunt". The Nooo that came from behind the gag was mixed
in to a loud sob, but her body uncontrollable moved, Chris whispered, "Do you
like this".

Pauline's ass was gyrating her head moved and she moaned as the two men
continued their torment. Steve stepped round her unbuttoned the shirt and
started to chew on the extended nipples. Chris pulled another vibrator out of
the box, long and thick and putting his head under her skirt he pushed it up her
cunt while playing the brush head over her clit. Accompanied by squeals and
moans Pauline's hips thrust back and forth until she came to a shuddering
climax.

She hung there as Steve played with her tit's, Chris was fingering a very wet
hole, "Now you did like that, so as I promised we will take you down", she
looked at him through her tear stained eyes, he smiled back in to the pretty
face, "And tie you in another position while we play with you some more".


Chris left the buzzing plastic up and let her pants hold it in before he jumped
up behind her. As Steve struggled to untie her wrists he couldn't resist
grabbing himself a handful of her tit's. He fondled them, squeezed the firm
mounds and pulled on her nipples, he had time because Steve had to cut the rope
to free her, Chris was ready as they pulled her arms behind her and retied, they
jumped down and took away the ankle ropes, she tried to kick out at them but at
the second attempt her leg was caught and she was held until Chris lowered her
in to the waiting arms of Steve, "Come on darling lets go upstairs and tie you
up the way you like it, then we can have some fun on your big bed, Chris bring
the some fun box".

She was half marched and half dragged to the stairs, she fought not to go but as
she moved the feeling of the ropes tight on her wrist's and the plastic cock
still wedged and buzzing up her was to much, she could feel that her cunt was
twitching, she moaned as she stopped fighting, her body forced her to give in,
it was imposable for her to stop the men taking her upstairs. The large scroll
ended bed sat in the middle of the bedroom, Chris and Steve grinned at each
other as they pushed Pauline in.

Apart from the fact that her shirt was undone she was still fully dressed, the
two men walked her to the edge of the bed and pushed her down. Chris put his
left hand on her exposed tit's and held her down, Steve lifted the front of her
skirt and looked under, the end of the vibrator could clearly be seen under her
pink pant's, he smiled at Chris, "Makes a nice droning noise don't it".

Chris said, "Must be doing something to her, her ass can't keep still, come on
let's get her tied again and empty a load up her, my balls ache".

Steve went to the box, sorted out a magazine, "Pull her back up let's have her
sit on the thing for a while, here you are Mrs Jones, pick which picture you
like and we will do the rest".
Pauline now sat firmly on the vibrating plastic cock it was doing incredible
things to her, she looked at them for mercy, all she got was the pages being
flicked slowly in front of her. She looked at the pathetic faces of the bound
women, the feeling in between her legs was overpowering, she squirmed.

"Hay I like the look of that, what about you?" Steve thrust the page in her
face. As she focused on the picture she felt a hand go under her skirt and push
the vibrator up her, she squealed again. "Seems that's the one, and the woman's
naked so it looks like we are going to have to strip you so let's get your
clothes off and get to it", Steve's face was a picture of triumph as he showed
it to Chris.

It was a picture of a naked busty blond, her arms were folded in front of her
and tied tightly together and then to her body, her legs were bent and fastened
at the ankle to the upper thigh, she was gagged. Ropes had been threaded behind
the bent knees and through her upper arms and she was suspended, wide legged
like a swing. A man was kneeling between her legs licking her open cunt while
another stood, holding her head back and down letting his cock lay on her face,
with in twenty minutes Pauline hung the same.
 
Steve grinned down at her, "Lets complete the picture, you don't mind if we get
comfortable, my trousers seem to be constricting something", both him and Chris
stripped.

Pauline's head swung around trying to see what they were doing, Steve's naked
legs approached her she looked up to see him waving a ribbed full size imitation
cock, the way her arms had been tied forced her firm tit's up between them. He
pulled hard on her nipple pulling as much of her tit's from between her folded
arms, Steve laughed in her face as he pushed the cock between them. She gasped
through the gag it was Chris running his fingers between her soaking slit, "What
do you want, plastic or the real thing". Steve was still looking at her, "Let's
give you plastic first then you will give the real thing a real good time".

Her eyes were wide with panic as Steve turned it on, Chris looked at her,
"Getting fed up sucking that plastic ball, soon my pretty you will have me and
as you can see there's a lot of it". Her eyes suddenly shut as a loud then long
moan filled the bedroom, the end of the vibrator rubbed over her wet clit, her
bound body jerked, the moans became squeals, Chris undid the strap and pulled
the ball from her mouth.

Chris still had the brush vibrator and he ran the end over her nipple as Steve
started to fuck in and out of her cunt with the other one, Pauline gasped,
"YYYEEESSSS OH GOD AAAHHHHH  MMMMMMM AAAAAHHHH". As her mouth opened again Chris
pushed his cock in to her mouth, she closed over it and sucked, "That's it
darling the experimenting is over now we fuck you". Her ass jumped and moved,
Steve dropped the vibrator and slid easily in to the excited hole and with
furious vigour both of them fucked the lovely Mrs Pauline Jones as hard as they
could.


Pauline lay on the bed trying to count how many more times she had been fucked
in the last 22 hours, she moved her arms and the knots tickled her ass-hole and
clit again she moaned, what had they done to her, what had she become.

She remembered they had fucked her cunt and mouth the first time, by the time
they had taken her down and were re-tying her, knelt on the floor, her ankles
crossed her wrists tied to them and her elbows pinned together they were rampant
and ready again. Steve had his fun by making her lick and taste her own wet cum
on his cock as he fucked her mouth. Chris made her degrade herself by spreading
her legs further and kneeling on a plastic cock fucking herself while he fucked
her mouth for a second time.

She had still been spitting juice from her mouth as she was untied only to find
herself downstairs and over the dining room table, legs tied wide, her arms
stretched across to the other legs, her ass a perfect target to be warmed by
their hands, and they warmed her.
They used the little brush vibrator on her nub while she was spanked, to keep
her quite they tied the large cock shaped plastic in her mouth then put the
mirror in front so she could look at herself and watch.

The sensation of the vibrator on her cunt and the spanking made her so wet that
she was to far gone to put up any resistance, she remembered the look on their
face's grinning at her through the mirror as they had a great time fucking her
ass.


Pauline gazed at the ceiling and pulled the rope up in to her cunt again, she
couldn't help it, she was looking at the beam and her mind was full of them
forcing her to put on stockings, suspenders and high heels, tying her elbows
tight to her side, fixing a noose to the beam and around her neck, then making
her fuck and play with herself while they sat on her settee with the last of her
celebration wine, laughing as she brought herself to a climax and her knees
buckled, she was moaning and gasping as the rope around her neck tightened.

She remembered the smile on Steve's face as he loosened it while he stood in
front of her fucking her cunt and Chris completed the sandwich by standing
behind fucking her ass.

  
She wondered what time it was, would they untie her and leave before Tal got
back, what plans had they for her after the beer. She hoped it wouldn't be as
painful as the last one.

They had kept her wrist's tied behind her while she was sat between them moving
from side to side sucking hard and licking every bit of their cocks including
balls while they flicked through the magazines, she remembered the uneasy
feeling when she saw them pick up a copy of Japanese S & M.

Her head was being rammed the full length of Steve cock when she heard Chris
say, "Now that looks painful", she didn't now then how right he was. 

If she had been and had her haircut like she said she was then they wouldn't
have had enough to tie. She had been laid face down on the table, her elbows
were tied tight with rope past over her tit's and then under them, three little
piece's locked them tight to the right, centre and left, forcing the rope to
squeeze them. Her ankles pulled up and tied as one to her wrists, ropes around
her thighs held her legs bent double. They tied a rope around her stomach then
to her wrists, bringing the ropes from her bent legs and elbows to join it and
then up to a beam. Her hair had been bunched and tied, the rope went the length
of her body, then those dam knots in between her ass and cunt before being
pulled up and tied of at the waist as soon as she tried to move her head the
knots bit in to her cunt, suddenly all the ropes tightened at once, she screamed
as the table was moved from under her.

She swung and slowly spun as the ropes bit in to her. After the screaming
stopped the  begging started, pleading with them to let her down, as her head
passed Steve he said, "Do you know something Mrs Jones your in the perfect
position and at the perfect height for you to give the best blow-job in the
world and when I've had it you can come down, oh and that goes for Chris as
well".

They gentle spun her as they stood back and admired not only their handiwork but
also the beautiful woman now total at their mercy. Her tit's hung below now much
firmer in the confines of the ropes her nipples pointed slightly left and right
and they were at full length. The knotted rope between her legs was hard up her
ass and cunt, the rough knots rubbing on the sensitive flesh and her lovely
round bottom so inviting to the hand, "Going to suck us, give us the old tickle
with the tongue, do all the work and swallow the lot", she groaned a pathetic
"Yes".

Being able to swing her and move her round at their will they enjoyed pushing
her away as she tried to get their cocks in her mouth, as this was happening the
phone rang. Six rings and the answer phone kicked in. "Hello darling, just
thought I'd ring and see if you were at home or has my lovely wife gone to the
swinging city, catch you later, Tal".
Steve roared with laughter, "Your Mrs is swinging all right swinging right on to
the end of my cock, and that's the second time me and your wife have swing
fucked to day", Chris joined in, "And she's at home with my cock stuck in her
what a fuck bunny you got for a wife". He bent down and squeezed her enlarged
breast's, "Does your Tal know you're a good handful", he kissed her face, "Your
fucking lovely all right or is it, you've got lovely holes for fucking, let's
find out some-more".

Steve said, "While your down there Chris grab those nipple clamps, let me see if
they look as good as I imagined", Pauline could not bend her head to see but she
soon felt both her long nipple's being squeezed by the hard metal, the pain
increased as Chris swung her about using the chain.

After that the men made sure that this blow-job was going to last or her nipples
weren't. Unable to save herself she was helpless, they knew she couldn't move as
they pushed forward, the momentum of her own body forced her mouth back and
their cocks the full length of her throat, if she didn't make gurgling noise's
they would not have withdraw to let her breath. She found the best way to keep
them from choking her was to lick and tickle the heads, her mouth and tongue had
never worked so hard.
  The clock had pasted over an hour by the time both men had cum down her
throat, her head hung down, her body totally exhausted, as the cum dribbled from
her mouth Pauline felt disgusted.

Both her tormentors opened another can, Steve first pulled on the nipple chain
she moaned then he walked behind her, ran his fingers in between her legs, the
knotted ropes were soaking, she had climaxed three times and he took great
delight in making her suck her own cum of his fingers.

It took them a long time to untie her, they had to carry her upstairs, first
they put her on the toilet and then washed her down. After they had tied her
arms and legs to the bed, they rubbed cream in to her sore tit's, ass and cunt,
of course that got them randy, so before they left her in the state she was in
now with her cunt knotted they both decided to make use of her cunt again.


Well if they wanted her to think about all that had happened she had done, what
next.

She heard more than two voices, yes three no four, one of them female, who the.
The door open, a rather attractive lady entered followed by an older man, then
Chris and Steve.
The woman spoke, "She is lovely, thought she would be", the man joined in, "Been
watching her through binoculars an absolute darling and gorges dressed like
that".

Steve looked at them, "O K, she's all yours we be off now, I think she been
warmed up nicely", Pauline was amazed, after all they had done to her they just
turned and left, the woman approached the bed.

"You are gorges just perfect", she bent and kissed her nipples, "You fancy
sucking my cunt, my husband will see to that itch between your legs, Suddenly
the man grabbed the woman, swung her to the floor and ripped her clothes off.
Before Pauline could understand he had handcuffed her wrists and he was dragging
her up by the hair and forcing her between Pauline's legs, "Suck it, go on, you
suck her before she sucks you".

The woman's tongue sucked and licked the clit from between the knots, the
feeling was incredible, Pauline's hips were soon jumping and she was pulling the
rope as her clit was sucked in to the soft mouth, "Enough, move your ass, go on
sit on her face, I'll give that hole a fucking", the gag was removed and the
woman pushed on to the bed, her leg's straddled Pauline's face.

The wet cunt over her was open and Pauline's tongue was in it, licking and
sucking, her nose pushed at the hard fleshy nub as the taste of the juice
started to consume her mouth. She felt the knotted rope being pulled out of her
cunt and fingers being pushed in and out, even in her well fucked state Pauline
was immediately aroused and pushing up to meet the full force of the finger
fucking she was getting.

Another voice filled the room, she looked up past the hairs of the cunt she was
eating and saw Tal, he smiled at her then pulled the woman to him as he kissed
her passionately on the mouth he squeezed her breast's.  Pauline tried to speak
but her mouth was full of aroused cunt and her own body was jumping to the
fucking her cunt was getting, what she did hear was Tal.

"Hello Phibe, told you she would suck cunt, what do you think of my lovely
wife's cunt Jack worth tying her up and fucking on a regular base's. It would
seem things moved a bit quicker than we planned, those removal men, thought they
might try something when they found out, so I'm glad you were watching and rang
me". He kissed her again then looked at Pauline, "Oh hello darling these are our
new neighbours, you may recognise Phibe from the magazine Hogtie, she's moving
on to a hardcore mag called Tied, Helpless and Raped next, also she has got the
photograph team an appointment with you.  

                                                                    PAGAN.




  Copy-right Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

                Short stories about Pauline's by Pagan

                     The Perils of Pauline's  3

                              Pauline Bowles.


       "John this is ridiculous, I should never have agreed to this, I just
can't do it". The car pulled in to the woodland car-park, the lights went out as
the driver turned and looked at his wife, "Look Pauline, we both know we need
something to excite our fucking", she looked sternly at him, "Do you have to be
so crude, can't you just say, sex life", he whispered through gritted his teeth,
"Or lack of it".

She folded her arms and looked away, "I'm sorry John, but since the
miss-carriage, I just can't be bothered, it could come back, but". John Bowles
sat in stony silence, he had got her drunk and she had agreed to try a little
out door bondage, O K it was his idea but she said she would go along with it
and he had been looking forward to it, Christ they had only been married 2
years, she was still a beautiful 26 year old, what was he supposed to do, tie a
fucking knot in his dick.

He got out the car and lit a cigarette, walked out of ear shot and spat, "Fuck,
fuck, fuck", he started talking to himself, "Look at her sitting there, fucking
gorges bitch, full body, my own real Marylyn Munro, what a figure, fucking tit's
to die for, lovely bum, O K she was a bit naive when I met her but I thought I
could get her to do all the things I imagined a sexy woman would. It took me a
fucking year to get more than one position out of her but slowly she was getting
in to it, I thought I'd cracked it then she fell pregnant, lost it and lost her
interest in fucking, oh fuck it".

He took another long drag and stared at the evening sky. He had always had a
bondage fantasy and when he got the nerve up to suggest it, he thought she was
ether drunk enough or just said yes to shut him up, but he wanted it and pushed
for it, and here he was, no, they were going to do it, the thought of her naked
tied between two trees, gagged and unable to stop him, it made his cock rigid,
no bollocks she's going to do it.

His mind raced as he turned and went back to the car, he stood at the bonnet and
looked at her, "Look if you don't try it how will we now, if you don't like it
I'll stop". With a face of reluctant surrender she got out the car, he didn't
want to argue so he went to the boot and pulled out the bag, took a deep breath
and went round to her. "Come on before it gets dark", he grabbed at her hand,
she pulled back, and looked at him, "You go I'll follow, you promise if I say
no, it's no", as he walked on, he said, "It's no".

They went in to the small wood, he searched for a clearing with two trees close
enough for his plan, he was starting to panic he could hear her behind him,
every chance she got she moaned, "How long are we going to be," or "What the
hell are you doing," or "Oh this is stupid come on that's it". Just as she was
about to start again he saw them, perfect, he turned to her, "Look honey lets
try it here, come on slip off your coat". She stood a moment, he bent down and
busied himself in the bag of ropes, he could hear her, he breathed as sigh of
relief as he saw her coat drop to the floor beside him, he smiled up at her.

He had told her to wear a button up the front dress, no stocking's or bra, he
also told her not to wear pants but she refused that idea, he didn't want to
stare but she did look gorges and he felt something very hard in his trousers,
"Come over here love".

Begrudgingly she walked over to him, he took her hand and led her between the
trees, he knew he had to work fast before she cooled off anyway the evening
light was fading, he stayed behind her, whispering in her ear, "Give me your
wrist", he slipped the rope over and fastened her out and up to the small tree,
then he did the same to her other wrist, he slid his hands along her
out-stretched arms.

Again he whispered, "Part your legs a little darling", he heard her sigh, but
she opened her legs a little, he quickly tied them tight to the bottom of each
trunk, one more step and he was there. She was about to say something but he
stuffed the small piece of cloth in her mouth and stuck tape tightly over her
mouth, he knew he was going to this, he had already suggested that a gag would
be a good idea, to make it more realistic, but that was when she was totally
drunk she must have forgotten as she made lots of grunts and squeals, but he
busied himself checking the knots.

He didn't look up but said, "Oh yes darling that sounds really good, I'm glad
your joining in the spirit of the game", then he went behind her, lifted the
back of her dress and cut her pants from her, he was so excited, he looked at
her from behind as she struggled in the ropes, her ass wiggled and as she kept
trying to say John as he undid his trousers and pushed them down.

Just in his pants he took another deep breath and went round to stand in front
of her, as soon as he faced her she started shaking her head and squealing at
him, he carried on the pretence, "That's it Pauline make it as real as you
want", his fingers were undoing each button all the way down the front of her
dress trying to ignore the noise's coming from his wife.
                                                                              
The dress gapped open and her lovely body was open to him, he bent forward and
kissed her large round breast's sucking at the large nipples, his fingers
searched out her cunt and he started to finger her, hoping to feel that her hole
was becoming wet.

His hopes weren't answered, she was still dry, what to do, he knelt down, she
was unable to move or close her legs, it was easy for him to part her cunt lips
and push his tongue in to the slit. He was slavering all over her cunt sucking
in the flesh, then pushing between her legs as far as he could stabbing his
tongue in to her as far as he could.

As he worked on her he heard her moaning and grunting excitedly he smiled to
himself, he got up slowly kissing her body until his tongue licked up her neck
and he gazed in to her eyes. 

She wasn't looking at him she was looking behind him, he smiled at her but her
eyes were wide with terror and still looking behind him, he turned, he was to
late, a crashing blow sent him spinning to the floor.

John first heard voices, he tried to open his eye's but he was blindfolded, he
tried to move but he was tied tightly to a tree, his arms behind him, he was sat
on the cold ground, with his ankles tied, he was chewing on something taped in
his mouth, he knew he couldn't move, his mind told him not to, so he stayed
still trying to hear what was going on.

The first thing was squeals from Pauline, she was trying to shout something but
he knew how tight he had sealed her mouth, then voice's he didn't want to hear,
men and several of them.

As his head cleared he heard the first of three rough voices, they were mocking
some-one and he knew that some-one was his helpless wife.

"You enjoying yourself down there, what can you see, is it worth laying on the
ground," another voice, "From where I am the views great, two lovely little
holes all open and waiting, want does she do when I give them a little tickle".
John heard her cry a little squeal, "Don't think she likes it, maybe she don't
like her cunt fingered", a third voice chipped in, "Well she better like a cock
in, be a shame not to use her after her husband has left her nice and open for
us".

"You hear that babe, he wants to fuck you, you want us to do you, after all when
we watched you coming in here, we didn't think you was coming in to pick
daisy's". Voices started to mix, "Come on lets fuck her, she's a nice looking
piece of ass and I want some of her pussy", there was laughter, "Had enough of
him sucking on your chapel hat pegs, you can't blame him lady you got lovely big
nips, a real mouthful but he's right, it's time to fuck you", the next line was
a whisper but John heard it, "And I want that nice round ass, I bet you take a
good fucking up that ass-hole of yours".

They were all taking at once, "You got a hell of a body lady, mind if we use
it", "Oh yes not very wet but I'll be going in there, come on bitch open up".
John could hear their voices mixed in with Pauline's moans, he knew she was
being hurt as the squeals became muffled screams and the things the men were
saying to her, "Look bitch relax your ass I'm going to fuck your back door, you
may as well enjoy it, that's better, just a bit more, bend your legs, that's it,
in he goes, lady you are tight, you ain't had many up here", John could have
told him it was a virgin ass.

 It seemed to have sat there for ages as the men enjoyed fucking his wife he
could hear every grunt and groan as they filled her with there filth, the worse
thing was hearing her squeal as they pulled, pitched and squeezed her lovely
full body.

Suddenly they said something that frightened him, "Is that her coat, give it
here", he heard some movement, "Well, well, Hello Mrs Pauline Bowles, fancy a
little stroll with us, it's getting a bit cool out here lets go somewhere quite
were we can have a little more fun with you".

Now there was lots of movement and sounds, "Give me his trousers lets check them
out", he heard his change rattle to the ground, "Car keys, a hubby, if you can
hear us we will leave them close to the car, have fun, we will, you got a lovely
wife and we are going to have a lot more fun fucking her to-night".

Some one said, "Pull her coat round her", someone else said, "Where's her
pants", the man nearest John laughed, "He's sucking on them, thought he might
like them, pity for him, because what we want is what his wife puts in them".

The three men dragged Pauline through the wood and back to the car-park, they
opened her car and found her hand-bag, looking through it they found her
address, "Chuck her in the van let's go see what they've got at home. As Pauline
was pushed in to the back of the white van she heard, "I hope they have a big
enough bed for all three of us to fuck her on". 

The two in the back of the van had a lot of fun playing with Pauline, by the
time they backed in to the small drive at the side of the house, Pauline's
nipples were red and sore from the continues biting and sucking.

It was dark as they bundled her in to her own house, two of them took her
upstairs, found the loo and made her use it, then they cleaned her up. The third
one came upstairs, he brought scissors to cut her dress off, they wanted her
naked before using her again. They threw her on the bed, pulled her ankles up
and tied them off to her wrists, checked her gag and went down to eat and drink.

They had left the doors open, Pauline could hear them as she struggled for a
while but all she did was make the ropes tighter, she stopped, she felt so
helpless all she wanted to do was cry but knew it was useless. She lay quietly
on her bed when she heard him use her phone, "Hello, is Tinttino there--------
tell him it's important--------- Tinttino, yes and how are you------ good-----me
too-------had a bit of luck---- you guessed it-------mid twenties, hell of a
body,-------oh yes big tit's and a good shape------what I would call, full
bodied------ yes, really perfect, just the type they like----- about two
hours---- ya, ya can do---I'll let you know when I see you------ trust me she'll
do well at auction------- talk to you in two hours then, bye---- alright have it
your way, chow."

She heard them come back upstairs, the three of them filed in to the bedroom,
"Alright Mrs Bowles, you look lonely so we have an idea", he sat beside her on
the bed and pulled her face to look at him, "Now we have two hours to kill, and
we are going to give you a choice. Your husband doesn't seem to be here, must be
tied up some where, so do as we tell you and we will fuck you or, you don't do
as we tell you, we hurt you then we fuck you, what do you think"?

He slid his hand over her body and pushed her leg sideways forcing them open,
ran his hand up her inner thigh until he was playing with her open lips, he bent
forward and pulled the tape from her mouth, she spat out the cloth, her mouth
was so dry she could hardly speak, "Don't hurt me, please all I want is", he
slapped her tit, "It's not about what you want it's about what piece of you we
are going to have, I take it your going to suck us and be a good girl, yes"?

Pauline squeezed a tear out of her eyes as she nodded, he stood up and dropped
his pants, "Come on lads, time is a wasting", he bent down and squeezed the
side's of her mouth, "And this lady has a lovely mouth just look at them lips
perfect for sucking cock". The bedroom door was shut, they untied her and stood
her up, "Right lady on your knees and suck, just keep your mouth busy, if we
need the other two holes we know were they are and we will use them, you
understand".

Fighting back tears she knew she just wanted them out and if she had to be
abused for two hours then she would do whatever it took to get rid of them.
Sucking cock had never been something she would want to do but here she was,
bent over sucking a filthy strangers long thick cock as far down and as fast as
she could as two other men played with her cunt, ass and tit's, then one of them
came up behind her, roughly pulled her cunt lips apart, she heard a grunt as he
shoved a thick cock in to her and started fucking her. As he banged her from
behind her mouth filled with thick white filth. The one behind kept her bent as
the one in her mouth moved behind her making way for the next, she was again
sucking cock.

For the next hour she was fucked in the ass, cunt, and mouth, they warned her if
it wasn't the best fuck they had ever had, it would be the best beating she had
ever had. She knew they meant it so she did every thing they wanted her too,
degrading herself for their pleasure before having to hold her full tit's
together while each one of them grinned at her as they fucked off between them.
She lay there as they splat their hot juice under her chin, over her mouth and
as much as they could over her face.

Pauline rolled over on the bed exhausted, she opened her eyes, blinking as some
of their cum stung her eye, "Please go". She curled herself up as they dressed
but they didn't go they grabbed her again, "Right Mrs Bowles we need you to
write to your husband, get paper and pen". Pauline didn't understand but obeyed,
and found what they wanted, she was pushed on to her bedroom stool and bent over
the table, "Write this".

Pauline wiped her face and waited, his voice began.
Dear John,
  Last night was the last thing I could take, I'm leaving.
 Pauline looked up, "No, please no what's going on, I wont", she was pulled
roughly back off the stool, her arms pinned tightly behind her, the leader
looked at her, put his hand in his pocket took out a lighter and flicked it at
her face, "I found this paper and that's your hand writing so you will write,
how you write, you ready", she shook her head.

He flicked the lighter this time it flamed, he lowered it until it was between
her legs, slowly he brought it up, the smell of burning hair reached their
nostrils, she screamed, he brought it back up still lit and ran it under her
nipple, "No, no, no please no", he pulled it away, "Are you going to write or am
I going to do that again only every time I do I will take longer to move, do I
stop, do you write", she nodded.

"Last night was the last thing I could take, I'm leaving you, don't try and find
me, there is some-one else and I will be with her, my solicitors will be
contacting you, I could say more but what is the point, I don't love or want you
anymore.
                                                        Pauline.

He had a tape machine, he held it at her face, "Repeat what you have written
when I say go", and he clicked the button, "Go".
She repeated what she had written and the letter and machine were put away,
"Thank you Mrs Bowles, gentlemen", as he said the last word the two other's
pulled her on to the bed and tied her very tight. Naked, gagged and helpless
Pauline was carried back down stairs and put back in the van, as the van moved
off she lay on the empty floor thinking, why had nothing been taken from her
home.

The van pulled under a large building and slowed, then turned and stopped, she
was roughly picked up and carried up some stairs, along a passage in to a small
room, they untied her, "Clean yourself up". She washed and did her hair, as she
did she looked at the bite marks on her breasts, and the marks on her body, what
was to become of her.

Her thought's were broken as a woman came in and gave her a cup of tea, "Here
love drink this it will warm you up, don't worry you'll be out of this soon",
Pauline, grateful to see a friendly face took the mug and drank, when she
finished she handed the empty mug back, "Good girl well done, now you will
sleep, I will make sure nobody touch's you until after the auction, good looking
woman like you should fetch a good price", Pauline tried to get up but it was to
late, she slumped back on to the chair.


Pauline rubbed her face on the clean linen, opened her eyes as she enjoyed the
comfortable bed, she rubbed her eyes, then suddenly she saw her wrists, the
marks of the rope screamed at her, she sat up and looked round. 
A big ornate bedroom greeted her gaze, she rushed at the door, locked, she
looked round,
at the finest furnishing she had ever seen which adorned the equally lavish
room, the lovely big long mirror that covered half a wall made it look twice as
big, but where was she.

She sat on the bed and stared at her naked body in the mirror.

The balding men looked at her through the two way mirror, "A good buy, yes we
will have good times with this one, good body, nice and full to play with and
nice ass for spank," he let the crop slap down on the table, "When we going to
see action".

The other man was reading her papers, "Soon, soon, I have Hazel coming to
explain things to her", he carried on reading the note.
Name, Pauline Bowles.
Age, 26.
Nationality, British.
Statistics, 40 / 26 / 36; Height 5' 7; Weight 130lb.
Purchase price  500,000.
Postage and Package   10,000.
Quite money      50,000.
Paid September 14.
    With thanks
          Tinttino shipping.


His concentration was broken when the door in the bedroom open and a naked, very
pretty coloured girl entered carrying a tray.

Pauline jumped and looked at the girl, she looked back at Pauline, "Don't worry,
I've brought you some food and drink, don't worry it's safe, I've been sent to
look after you and eerrrr, explain".

Pauline was so hungry that it was 6 or 7 minutes before she had chance to take
the drink and ask, "What do you mean explain". The girl took a book from the
tray and held it close to her, "Your name is Pauline, yes", Pauline nodded, "My
name is Hazel, I have been here for 6 months, when I arrived I was met by a girl
called Rose and she told me that I would have to do everything they told me with
anyone they told me, I said no".

Hazel cleared her throat, " I was shown this book and I laughed and told them it
was a joke, I want you to look at it and remember I said no, I don't anymore".
Pauline took the book as Hazel got up and paced around the room, she looked long
and hard at the mirror, she heard a sharp gasp from Pauline, she knew she had
opened the book.
Pauline looked at her, "What is this, I don't understand, what's this", Hazel
walked slowly over to Pauline who had the book open, she stared at a picture of
a girl. She was hanging upside down about a foot off the ground, totally naked
and two masked men were whipping her, her back was bleeding, Hazel said, "She
said no".

The pictures got worse, girls with clamps all over them, girls being
electrocuted, girls covered in hot wax, she could see by their face's they were
in agony, then Pauline looked up at Hazel, she had reached the picture of the
girl with burn marks on her breast's, a man was standing in front of her with a
branding iron, the girl was Hazel, Pauline heard her say, "As I said, I don't
say no any-more".

Pauline put the book down, "What do I have to do", Hazel smiled, "Make love with
me",
Pauline, "You mean", Hazel nodded, "Full on, licking, sucking, plenty of kissing
and we must make each other cum, can you", Pauline said, "Can you teach me, I
will try".
Hazel crawled on to the bed, "You will enjoy this, I will make sure you do, just
do to me what you would like done to you, I will do the same".

The girls started to play with each other as they did the two men pressed a
button, two very attractive girls came in to the secret room, knelt before them,
undid their pants pulled their cocks out and started to lick at the heads, as
they grew hard the girls swallowed the meat the full length of the shift, the
men stroked their slaves heads and went back to watching Pauline and Hazel
passionately kissing each other as their fingers aroused each others cunt's.

The two men nodded at each other as they watched the two women working to excite
themselves. Hazel was the first to slip down and start on Pauline's large round
breasts, kissing them all over before attaching her mouth to the large red
nipples. She worked feverishly at her until Pauline's head lifted and a moan
escaped her lips. Hazel slid further down pushing Pauline's legs open as she
did.

The men behind the mirror ordered one of the girls to take a few pictures as
Pauline's hands held Hazel's head tight between her legs, pushing her hips
further on to the invading tongue. Soon Pauline lay back on the bed her arms up,
squeezing her breast's as her legs splayed wide allowing Hazel full access to
her cunt and a full view for the men.

Hazel turned and lifted her legs over Pauline's face then lowered her open cunt
lips on to Pauline's mouth and wiggled her lips on to Pauline's until she felt a
tongue flicking over her clit. Hazel looked up at the mirror knowing she was
being watched and evaluated she pushed fingers in to Pauline's cunt and fucked
her as fast as she thought Pauline could take it, he brain pleaded, cum woman
cum please make her cum, her tongue licked at the fleshy cunt nub as her fingers
felt her hips jump up towards them.

Hazel pushed her cunt down in the gapping mouth and started rubbing and wiggling
until her cunt flooded over the sucking mouth. As she did her head buried itself
between the open legs then she wrapped her arms around the open thighs, pulled
them up and sucked Pauline until she humped her climax in to her mouth.

Pauline licked at her own wet juice, she had just pumped it over Hazel's face,
she couldn't help but lick it, "What will happen to me", Hazel tried a smile as
she licked the sticky face and whispered, "There will be lots of men and women
who will want to do things, disgusting things, let them, give yourself up and be
good at it, do what ever they ask. In this house the longer your in demand the
better you live, if you don't then you get sold on, believe me being sold to
some of the buyers is not very good for your health or your body, understand".

John stood in the bank chatting to the attractive cashier, Ted tapped him on the
shoulder, "John Bowles, you chat up the prettiest girls, any news about your
beautiful Pauline, John smiled, "No mate that's over, I've had a letter and she
sent me pictures of her with her new lover, a coloured girl, gave them to my
solicitor, that was enough so now I'm a free man.

Ted suddenly jumped, he saw what John was paying in, "Fucking hell John 50,000
where did you get that kind of money, win the lottery, John put his paying book
in his pocket and turned to leave, "No mate I got chance to sell something I was
fed up with, it did well at auction, been shipped out the country, good firm",
Ted said, "Who's that", John opened the door and said,                                                                                  
                                               "TINTTINO SHIPPING"
                                                           PANGAN.




Copy-right Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

     Short stories about Pauline's by Pagan.   

                              The Perils of Pauline 4

                                                      Pauline Boccacci

Doctor Pauline Boccacci had not been in the country long, she was relieved to
get the visa that allowed her to stay for six months and if she got and kept a
job she would be able to stay longer.
At just 32 it was her last chance to live in the west, she had past all her
medical exams in the Soviet block, but this is where she wanted to settle, and
having been taken on in this very good and respected practice and in such a nice
area was beyond her wildest dreams.

This last five months had been hard work but rewarding, she hadn't had time for
a social life though she had been asked out a few times and why not, she is a
very attractive lady and very curvy in all the right places and with her strong
thick dark hair framing such a pale delicate face, it was understandable that
men found her desirable.

She sat in her small rented house, the lounge was in darkness and small glass of
wine was in her hand, she was relaxing she knew she had tomorrow off, but her
mind was far from relaxed as she thought back over the events of the days last
patient.

The receptionist had gone, the doors were locked, and Pauline had agreed to
close the windows before leaving. The last patient of the day had been buzzed
in, Miss Lee St John, age 14 was on the notes that lay on her desk but when she
entered she was more like 18, a very beautiful girl that filled out a school
uniform far to well.
She sat opposite Pauline and asked her directly for birth control pills, Pauline
was a little perplexed at the thought of giving them to a 14 year old, so she
asked for a letter from her parents. Lee told her that her parents were not to
be informed and then started to plead for them, still Pauline had said no.

The four boys saw the receptionist leave and started to look around the back of
the surgery and found a window still open, the 12 year old was pushed up and
through, he dropped to the floor, went to the door, opened it to let the other
three in.
Guy was the eldest at 16 then Bern, Ian and Nick; they were in there for drugs.
As they got more in to the complex they soon picked up the voices of Pauline and
Lee and went to see, the adjoining door to the room was slightly open and they
could see through the crack.

Pauline was still telling Lee no but by now Lee had moved on to the desk and was
right in front of her Doctors face, her short school skirt and ridden up her
legs and was showing the snug fit over her crutch, the slit clearly visible
through the pants as she continually pressurized Pauline in to giving her want
she wanted.

Pauline had not had sex since her last Russian boyfriend, some 9, 10 months ago
and the sight of this stunning beauty in front of her was having a strange
effect on her and Lee knew it and started to play on it.
She moved closer and put her hand on Pauline's shoulder, then touched her hair,
"Please Doctor Boccacci, I need them, my pussy needs to be fucked, I need a boy
to fuck me, it won't hurt, there are supposed to be laws to protect patent
confidentiality, just give me them so my boy friend can give me one".

She was so close to Pauline, her breast's were not six inches from her face her
hands stroked the thick black hair just catching her face, and she whispered,
"Come on Doctor just for me, our secret, don't you liked to be fucked". Pauline
swallowed and almost gasped, "No, is no I can't it's against--", Lee put her
finger on Pauline's lips and said, "Is this against anything", and replaced her
finger with her mouth.

Pauline was about to stop her when her body stopped her, the young girl knew how
to kiss and the excitement was to much, Lee's hand squeezed Pauline's left
breast and a little shock went through her body, she was kissing her back.
Pauline felt a hand on her leg pushing up under her white coat, she didn't wear
stocking and the feel of this hand on her naked thigh was overpowering. Lee's
mouth sucked wildly at Pauline's tongue as she lay back in the chair and let it
happen.

Almost impossible as it was, the four boy's controlled their breathing as they
watched the scene unfold in front of them, only a small nudge from Nick to Bern
as Lee pulled her mouth away and said, "Lets go over to the couch".
Lee quickly had Pauline on her back on the couch, with nimble fingers she undid
the front of the white coat, she undid the front clips on the bra and pushed the
cups away, Guy bit his finger to stop a gasp as the two magnificent breast's
came in to view, but not for long, Lee soon bent over and started to lick at the
long dark red nipple.

No sooner had the nipple's been sucked to their long erect length than Lee's
left hand was caressing Pauline's stomach and then in to her pants to play
amongst the thick tangle of dark hair.
"You've got a hairy cunt Doctor, would you like me to lick that to, come on you
know you want it", a small almost un-noticeable, "No, dis is wrong", was soon
changed to moans of pleasure as her pants were pulled down, her legs spread and
a beautiful young head was nestled between her legs and a very active tongue was
licking the long fleshy lips of her pink juicy cunt.

Pauline was unable to stop herself, her hands went to her cunt pulling the lips
apart allowing more of the searching tongue to explore her inner walls, "Fuck me
with your tongue, do me harder, please oh please suck it in to your mouth and
bite me", Lee pulled her head away, "Turn over and get on your knees", Pauline
obeyed the 14 year old, "Now stick your hand between your legs and play with it
yourself", Pauline's hand did as it was told, the tongue went back to it's task
of bringing her to a juicy spurting climax.

Pauline's ass was still stuck up in the air as she panted in to the pillow,
Lee's fingers were busily rubbing hard and quick over the fleshy lips as more
moans came from the couch, "You enjoyed that didn't you", a horse "Yes", reached
Lee's ears, "Good, you want another one", again, "Yes", Lee smiled at the sexy
sight, "Then I get my pills yes"? as if on cue, "Yes", she slapped the exposed
round bottom, "Then spread you knees while I finger fuck you again".

Pauline's knees spread as wide as the couch would allow and Lee's fingers went
back to fucking the wet cunt, Pauline groaned and wiggled her ass around as the
fingers of one hand thrust deep in to her cunt while another set rubbed her clit
hard in to her mound, the juice from her cunt made the thick matt of black hair
that surrounded her cunt shine, soon she came again bending her back, humping
her ass high in the air as three of Lees fingers drove her over the edge in to a
multiple orgasm.

It took Pauline a few minutes to stop spurting juice out of her hot cunt before
she had to be helped from the table, Lee waited until Pauline had chance to pull
herself together before demanding her payment, a repeat prescription for pills,
she took the paper and offered to help Pauline to her car.

Pauline got up around ten, showered, put on a slip and towelling robe and made a
little toast, she was just sitting back to enjoy her coffee when the door-bell
rang. She went to the peep hole and looked, four boys stood outside, "Yes what
is it you want", and voice shouted back, "Scout job week, got any jobs you need
doing", Pauline couldn't be bothered, "No I can think of nothing", the voice was
most persistent, "Can you give a small donation then and sign our card to say we
have been", Pauline unlocked the door, "Oh very well, please to wait while I get
my money".

As soon as her back was turned they were in, she was looking in her purse when
they strode in to the lounge, "Nice place you got here Doc", she spun round,
"Please to wait outside, thank you", Guy sat on the sofa, "That's not a very
nice way to talk to us, you could be more in to bed side manners", Pauline went
to the door and pointed, "You get out now our I call your scout masters", they
all burst out laughing.

Pauline was getting very annoyed, "Give me the name of your troop", again more
laughter, Guy said, "St Johns", the laughter was to much for Pauline, she went
to the phone and picked up the receiver, everything went quite as Guy said, "Lee
St Johns, the 14 year old troop", Pauline's face drained of colour and put the
receiver down then looked at them in disbelief.

It seemed like forever as they stood in silence, until Pauline grabbed her
handbag and made for the door, Ian was one step in front and slammed it shut.
Guy was up and grabbing at her the others followed making sure Pauline was
dragged to the floor.
As her arms were twisted behind her and rope kept them there Guy looked at her,
"Hoped it wouldn't come to this but you will have to listen to us so this way
you ain't going no where".

As soon as her arms were securely held behind her they hauled the protesting
Pauline up and sat her on one of the hard backed chairs beside the table, her
head swung from boy to boy, "Please I no understand, why you do this, you young
boys you make mistake. Please to let me go".

They all sat around their helpless victim, Guy took control, "I don't think we
have made any mistake, how does, Fuck me with your tongue, do me harder, suck it
in to your mouth and bite me, sound to you like a mistake, it would be for you,
her family are rich and important, if they found out you were supplying her with
birth control, you would not be a Doctor for long", Pauline didn't know where to
look.

Guy smiled at the rest of them, "Seems you have heard those words before, so
lets get down to the nitty gritty. You have drugs we want drugs, as long as we
get drugs you stay safe, if we don't, you don't, simple as that, no argument".

Pauline groaned, "It is imposable, I not know how", Guy got up, "Nothings
imposable, you will find a way or you will find away back to where you came
from", Pauline reluctantly nodded, Guy clapped his hands and said, "Good,
sorted".

Pauline shrank back as Guy continued to walk towards her, he stopped and knelt
down, "As you are now obviously aware we were privy to your little fucking last
night, you have a fantastic set of tit's and a real bushy cunt, got me and my
friends here quite turned on, I reckon we had hard on's for about an hour after,
so I think we deserve a second look at the goodies, and seeing as your in no
position to stop us, now is as good a time as any". 

Pauline fought hard not to cry, "No please, not that, I say I get you drugs,
that's enough you untie me and you go, now please", Guy never moved, "Listen
Doc, you ain't in fucking Russia now, here you will do as I tell you, and I tell
you that for the rest of today you are going to be our fun, now open your legs".

Ian spoke, "Guy are we really going to give her seeing to", Guy still stared at
Pauline, Ya why not, what do you suggest"? Ian came up beside him, "You know I
got my dads passwords for the net, you seen it, one of these sex story sites, I
read one about a gang of boys who kept one of them's aunty tied up and they
turned her on so much she couldn't help but fuck em", Guy smiled at the thought, 
"I think I read it, what was it called", Ian thought, "Eeerr, oh ya, What Boys
Cum For".

Guy looked at Pauline, "Is that what you want, we have a play with you, get you
hot, and we've seen how you can get hot and then we fuck, fancy that", Pauline
was looking anywhere but at him when she said, "No, please to go", Guy jumped
up, "Go, go we only just got here, time for fun, that's what these boys come
for, fun, now if I have to tell you again to open your legs I'll hurt you, so
open your fucking legs and show us that hairy cunt, the rest of you, get your
pants off". 

By the time the last one had his pants of Guy was looking at Pauline, she opened
her legs, he got down in front of her again, and slid his hand up under the
slip, he was in no hurry as he stroked the soft skin of her thighs and then slid
between her legs upward until he was touching the lips of her cunt, he pushed a
finger in. He smiled as she squirmed, he inserted a second and pushed in to the
knuckle, then slowly out again.  As he pushed in again he looked at her, "Hay
Doc you think I make a good gynaecologist, I hope so I'm going to practise a lot
on you", she bit her lip and turned away. 

Ian came round behind the chair and slid his hands down the front of her robe,
"Fucking hell what a hand full", Bern called over, "Come on you two, don't fuck
about lets get her naked I want some and you two are having all the fun".
"Hear that Doc he wants you naked, let's oblige him, Nick chuck us that rope".
The towelling robe was pulled down to her wrist's then her elbows tied, her
wrist's untied and the robe dropped to the floor, "You look real sexy in that
slip, Ian, Bern get her over by the wall and grab a leg".

A pathetic, "Please", was all Pauline said as she was dragged back to the wall,
her legs were pulled up and wide, she hung between them as Guy walked over to
her, he looked evil, Pauline cried, "No please no". He stood in front of her and
pushed her slip up to her waist, "You like this", he pushed his fingers in to
the gapping cunt and started to finger her again.

With her legs being held wide he had no trouble getting two fingers up to the
knuckle. He worked hard on fucking her, his finger's worked non-stop pushing in
to her and he could feel it starting to work, the fingers were wet. He bent
forward and licked at her nipples over the slip, they were long and hard and
looked it through the wet silk.

She was now getting very wet, two snips with the scissors let the slip drop to
her waist, her tits were level with the boys mouths and with-in seconds tongues
were licking the large white mounds and teeth were pulling at the nipples. Guy
grinned at her, "Nice and wet means only one thing, time to bang you one, lets
have her on the sofa". They let her down and pulled her back across the room to
the sofa, she was knelt facing the back, she stared at Ian and Berns dicks
pointing at her as she felt Guy behind her rubbing his dick up and down her wet
slit, Nick slid under her and licked at the hanging nipples.

Pauline shook her head trying to escape the cocks that waved in her face,
suddenly she jumped as she felt a finger at her ass-hole, Guy spoke from behind,
"Don't worry Doc, just letting you know where it's going", he pushed a finger
in, Pauline squealed, still Guy reamed his finger in, "Hope you ain't looking
for sympathy Doc couse all your gona get is cock, now why don't you suck my
friends up front, I'll look after the rear".

Guy enjoyed the feeling of the tight hole as it gripped his fingers, Pauline
want ed to scream at him, but Ian was now pushing himself towards her mouth. One
good thrust of his finger and a hard slap on her naked butt had her mouth open
and Ian's cock stuck in it, Guy watched, "That's it, come on Doc, you be good to
us and we will be gone, if you ain't we can stay for as long as it takes".

Ian continued to look at Pauline's expression as he fucked her mouth she felt
nauseated as she sucked on the filthy thing stuck in her throat but she knew she
had to and probably all the others to before this day was over and the
relentless pushing fingers up her ass and cunt were starting to get to her.

Ian took a handful of hair, "Now Doc as your hands are tied and you can't finger
my balls how about I hold my dick up like this and your tongue gives my shaft
and my balls a good licking, then you can do the same to Bern, I want this cock
suck to last", he pulled it out and held the head up, pushed forward, Pauline's
tongue licked the full length of his shaft before licking further between his
legs, her tongued moved fast her body was beginning to betray her, Guy's fingers
were now moving very fast and were slipping in all the way again, occasionally
Guy made her jump as he bent and ran his tongue over her clitoris.

Bern's cock was close to her, with the finger fucking now making her ass move
she found herself slobbering over both cocks, the continues sucking of her
nipples added to her already heightened excitement, she was between licking both
cocks when she said, "Please are you going to fuck me", Guy smiled, "Just like
the story book, get them excited and they will fuck, which do you want first,
ass or cunt, makes no odds to me, I'm gona have both".

Pauline's jaw and tongue were already tired but she continued her work sucking
and licking, they were only boys why hadn't they filled her already, just as she
thought that Ian shoved his cock hard in to her mouth and filled her throat,
with the words, "Fucking lovely", he stood back for Bern to have her mouth all
to himself.

Guy's cock was now at the entrance to Pauline's cunt he shoved and it slid in
with ease, "Well fuck this", he said, "This ones tighter then the bike shed
girls, you ain't had much up here have you Doc, well ain't we in for a treat,
how's this feel for 16", and he rammed himself up her as hard and as fast as he
could".

Pauline ass moved to meet him, her mouth sucked hard on Bern's cock, it was the
first time in her life she had taken two and her body wasn't saying no, she
couldn't help it her ass moved as the boys cock fucked her, he slapped her ass
hard, "Oh yes have we got us a buckin fuckin here", Pauline's lower body felt on
fire and she knew she was theirs for the taking and to make things worse, she
was so hot she swallowed the second load of cum.

As Guy fucked her he told Nick that she had a hole free, and it was his turn to
fuck the Doctors mouth, quickly the youngest was round, grabbing at Pauline's
hair and making her bend that bit further to suck him in, making her ass even
more open to the relentless fucking she was getting. Nick didn't take long he
came in her mouth with in minutes, again she swallowed, but now her mouth was
empty and her humiliating moans came freely.

The three stood and watched as Guy drove Pauline to climax she spurt her juice
all over his cock, that was to much for the 16 year old and he filled her. As
Pauline hung over the sofa she couldn't believe her ears, Ian a 15 year old said
to Guy, "What's next shall we have her on the floor and all three take her", Guy
laughed, "Only if I get her ass", Ian laughed back, "Ya if she's as tight as you
reckon I don't mind sloppy seconds".

As Guy pulled her back Ian was already laying on the floor his dick pointing up,
"Come Doc and these are my orders, get that hairy cunt sat on this", Bern said,
"Shall we untie her", she looked at Guy but he said, "No she's less trouble this
way", she groaned as she heard, "Maybe later". As she was lowered on to Ian's
hard cock, Guy whispered, "You can suck me first, and I want you sucking me
good, inside your mouth and then plenty of tongue I want to see your tongue all
over my helmet it will need to be hard to fit up your snug ass".

She had no other option as she sucked Guy hard before she was bent over, Bern
and Nick stood in front and received equal amount of active tongue, they enjoyed
her mouth while the two elder boys fucked Pauline in to another orgasm. After
they had sprayed her face and filled both her holes they untied her and dragged
her to her bedroom, she was laid on the bed, Guy joked, "Best place to be laid
is laid on the bed, now Doc, you get on your back and hang your head over the
bed while we take it in turns to dangle our cocks in you mouth for you to play
with, and while you do that you keep your legs open and we will ether suck you
or fuck you, your hairy cunt is quite a turn on, shouldn't take long, about
three hours should do us, or should I say, do you".

It was more like four before the boys had all their fun with the now highly
aroused Doctor, they had all taken it in turns to have fun in her mouth and they
had all made a meal of her tit's and cunt before and after fucking her.

It was 7 in the evening before she was brought downstairs again, they took food
and arraigned that as Tuesday was her day off so Monday night would be the time
to pick up their drugs, they would fuck her as often as they liked and maybe
spend the night doing it.  Before they left all four gave her body another good
groping, Ian sucked her nipple then looked her in the face, "Doctor over the
next few months your going to make me better, just by kneeling in front of me
with my cock buried deep in your mouth, and you will be swallowing the mixture
now that's what a call alternative medicine"

Her eyes looked over her lovely room her torn slip hung around her waist, some
pieces of rope lay scattered on the floor, her throat was dry, her mouth sore
and her cunt leaked male juice, she thought, "I get a few drugs, I get fucked by
some boys, O K so what, it's better then living in Russia".

                                                        PAGAN.




                      Short stories about Pauline's by Pagan.

  
                              Perils of Pauline  5

                                 Pauline White.


He opened the brown envelope, pulled the tape out, there was a small piece of
white paper with it, dropping the tape on the table he read the little note,
       Dear Kenny,         
Please find another swap, loved the last one, do you remember it was, Nightmare
Rape, I have sent you, Bondage Babe, can you send me another good rape and
bondage movie, I have included some bondage cartoons and pictures, hope you like
them.
                                       Thanks again,  Pauline.

Kenny looked at his collection.
That's it G 8 Break-down Rape, he thought, I'll send her that one.
Before wrapping it Kenny took paper and wrote,
   Dear Pauline,
        Please find another good swap, hope you like it, I thought the pictures
great, do you have any of yourself, preferable tied up, would like to see them.
                                      Yours Kenny.

 Putting the note in he finished wrapping, he addressed it and put the small
parcel in the car ready to post. He smiled as he thought, it must be over a year
since they started swapping videos and she only ever wanted rape or bondage or
both, like clockwork, once a month a video would arrive for a swap but that's
about all he knew of her, so he was looking forward to getting a picture of her,
she must have one, it's all she talks about in her letters.

Kenny was surprised, it had only been two weeks when a little brown parcel
dropped through the letter box, he picked it up and quickly ripped the packaging
off, he looked at the back and read, Tied Tales, then he saw the letter,
             Dear Kenny,
             Great tape, thanks, hope you like the enclosed, sorry no pictures
my partner doesn't know about my little secret, he's a bit of a prude, I'd love
him to make my dreams come true but I wouldn't dare ask him.
                              Looking forward to the next swap,
                                                       Pauline.

Kenny sorted out another rape, bondage tape and sent it off, as well as the tape
he put in a nice letter and waited for the next swap.
It was at the pub about a fortnight later that Kenny bumped in to Eric and Barry
and started a bit of a session, plenty of drink and lots of chat. It must have
been Kenny's third round when he put his hand in his wallet and pulled Pauline's
letter out with his money.

He smiled as he put the letter back in his pocket, and that made his two mates
curious, he had to fend off, "What you smiling about, you got a tart come on let
us in on the secret who is she", eventually he gave in and told them the story
of his mystery customer and her strange desirer's. Eric was the first to ask,
"What does she look like", Kenny had to admit he didn't know, Barry jumped in,
"Where does she live", as soon as Kenny said about an hour twenty up the road,
both his mates agreed it would be nice to go take a look.

 Kenny thought they were joking but it was soon obvious that they were deadly
serious and they all decided that Thursday could be the day, Kenny had that day
off, Eric was off for the week anyway and Barry could ring in sick, so in their
drunken stupidity they arranged to meet early on Thursday and be at this Pauline
Whites house by nine.

The following day Kenny and Eric thought better of it but Barry was insistent
and he told them that he planned to make the visit more interesting, so it was
on, though he wasn't letting on his plan they agreed to meet at Kenny's at
seven.

 The drive only took an hour ten so they had plenty of time to get a good
position to spy on the house, the three of them looked in amazement as this
pretty girl came out and put something in the car, Eric was the first to say,
"That can't be her she can only be 18 or 19 and she's a stunner, surely she
ain't in to that sort of thing". They all talked about how gorgeous she was,
even more so as they watched the man as he came out they kissed before he drove
off.

Kenny and Eric asked Barry how he was going to make the trip more interesting,
and he was just about to tell them what he had planned when she came out and
walked up the road, he couldn't take his eye's off her large breast's they
seemed to sway as she walked, he said, "Look at them, there far to big for her,
just got to check this out".  Before the other two could push more from Barry he
was out the car and heading for the house, they watched him as he slipped round
the back.

After a couple of minutes he was back, "Right you two, there's a window open out
the back I want you two to go and wait by the open window, I have tape and rope
in the bag, so as soon as you hear and loud noise while I'm talking, you get in
there and we will make her dreams come true".

Kenny and Eric just looked at him, "You have got to be joking", Barry was
getting a false beard and glasses out of the bag, "I'm not, we are going to do
Pauline White a favour, now listen. There are two ski masks and all the ropes in
here, so you take this bag, I have another, I am going to use it to deliver
something to the front door, as soon as she say's she is who we want her to be,
I will drop it, that's your cue to get in and get her then let me in,
understand".

Kenny and Eric looked at each other, Barry was so hyped that he almost choked
Kenny, as his hand shot out and grabbed him "Pull yourself together, did you see
her, get your ass out there and let's do her, now move it".

The two of them got out and did as they were told, they went behind the house as
Barry got himself ready, it was only just in time as she walked back and let
herself in the front door, Barry counted to fifty and then got out of the car
and moved up to the front door, the bell rang, a voice came, "Who is it", Barry
took a deep breath, "Pauline White", the voice came back, "Yes", Barry's heart
raced, "I have a home shopping catalogue parcel for you", the pretty young woman
opened the door.

As Barry said "Good Morning", he dropped the package, the magazines scattered
everywhere, he knelt to pick them up, she crouched to help, he looked at the V
that her legs and skirt made by her skirt being pulled tight across her thighs
he could just see a white patch between her legs and took a quick look at her
sweet face as she collected the papers, he thought, "If only you knew how soon
my fingers are going to be inside that white patch".

He picked up most of the papers and she had the rest, he bundled them in to her
arms and pushed the door slightly, she thanked him and turned in side, the door
closed. Barry looked round, nobody about, as he ripped the beard off he heard a
noise from behind the door, a little squeal and some thumping and male voice's,
Barry ducked down and put his ski mask on, took his jacket off and stuffed it
all in the bag, as he pushed the bag behind a bush the door opened behind him.

He quickly entered and looked at his two mates then to the floor, the beautiful
women was laying face down her arms fastened behind her, Barry could see the
ends of the tape covering her mouth and her lovely legs were taped at the ankle
and knees, he looked back at Kenny, "There that wasn't difficult was it and
don't she look inviting".

He knelt down beside her, "You do look very inviting and we are going to have
some and we know your going to enjoy it, he looked up at Eric, "Get her in the
lounge". Kenny and Eric took an arm each and dragged her in to the lounge and
let her drop on the sofa, Barry pulled her up and sat beside the bound woman, he
ran his fingers around her knee over the tape up to her skirt and looked in to
the panic stricken eye's, "Well Mrs White, we saw you and we wanted you, and now
we have you we are going to use you, your lovely big tit's did the trick, they
really are big".

Barry's hand slipped up her body and squeezed her left breast's, " Nice and
squeeze a real pleasure to play with, a soft pair and from what I can feel
through your bra I bet you got big nipples, shall we have they out and I see if
I'm right".

Kenny knelt down in front of her and started to push her skirt up her thighs,
she was struggling so Eric went behind the sofa put his hands on Pauline's
shoulders and pulled her back, Barry's fingers went to the top button on her
blouse, she cried in to her gag as she struggled against Eric's grip, Barry's
fingers were on the third button down, when they stopped, a baby was crying.

Barry had taken charge and he told Kenny and Eric to go check the noise,  both
of them quickly climbed the stairs, Barry had all on to hold the squealing
Pauline. As Kenny reached the top of the stairs he turned to Eric, "She's
certainly joining in the realism, her struggling is really turning me on", his
talk was interrupted by another little cry.

They pushed in to a door and saw a crib, a little set of arms were waving about
and the occasional cry, Eric move forward and found the pacifier, stuck it back
in the babies mouth and they moved out.
Looking in the other doors, there was one bedroom with a double bed and plain
furniture, then there was a big bedroom, nice white furniture with gold leaf
fitting but it was the bed the men looked at, king size with four brass post's
holding a lace canopy above it.

As they went back down the first sight that greeted them was Pauline laid on her
back on the sofa, her blouse open and her bra pushed up to her chin, there was
Barry sucking hard on her nipples, Kenny was about to speak when Barry looked
up, his lips covered in a pale white liquid, he stuck his white tongue out,
"Should have guessed when I saw how they swayed, you can't beat mothers milk",
and then dropped back on her nipple, the two men could hear the wet sucking
noise over Pauline as she screamed at him from behind the gag.

The two walked over to Barry, Pauline looked up at them but all Kenny did was
make licking gestures at her, Eric was quick to tell Barry of the bed, as Barry
brought his head up he looked at Pauline the white juice all over his lips,
"Sounds like you have a fun bed, are we going up there so you can suck a little
cock and do bouncy, bouncy on the old hard meat", she shook her head but Barry's
eyes never left her, "You are because if you don't you will watch us as we find
out if your baby can float", her eyes widened in horror, "We've come to far now
to let you off, your going to give up your cunt for our pleasure or, well lady
you know the rest".

She lay there her eyes glazed over with tears, a last suck on a nipple and Barry
got off her, "You two have the pleasure of stripping this little darling while I
go look at that bed, where's the bags", Kenny pointed behind the door, he bent
down and licked the side of her face, "Your going to look great butt naked",
Barry then picked up the bags and climbed the stairs.

His eyes feasted on the bed, the four corners had the brass posts and at the
bottom and top there were three brass rails, as he heard the squeals from
downstairs he thought perfect, he got some ropes out of the bag and started
work.

Kenny and Eric pulled Pauline to her feet, her ankles and knees taped tight they
laughed as she struggled to keep her balance. Eric went behind her and sliced
through the tape on her hands as she tried to hit out at the men she lost her
balance and crashed to the floor, quickly they grabbed both side of her blouse
and pulled hard backwards ripping it down her arms and off they did the same
with her bra before she could move Eric held both wrists half way up her back.

Kenny put his knee in the small of her back and crossed then bound her wrist's
leaving enough rope to go around and over her full breasts before back and
pulling her wrists painfully up, now tightly secured they lifted her up she was
standing there helpless.

 Eric now stood in front of her, he grinned in to her face as he put his arms
around her waist and pulled at the zip of her skirt, slowly it went down then he
pushed his fingers in both her skirt and pants forcing them downwards, they
dropped around her ankles, both men could not resisted playing with her large
soft tit's both of them sucking at a nipple, they sucked really hard until the
white smooth tasting liquid filled their mouths

It was the first time her cunt had been viewed by her tormentors, Kenny was the
first to play with the newly grown light covering of dark hair, he kissed her as
he tickled up between her bound legs the full swollen cunt lips made a lovely
entrance to the warmth of her slit, he kissed her cheek and whispered in her
ear, "It's going to be heaven when I'm stuck up this", and he drove his finger
in to the dry cunt.

Eric was the first to say, "Let's get this cunt upstairs and fuck it". Pauline's
legs were untied and she was soon moaning through her gag as she was prodded and
pushed up her own stairs trying to avoid fingers that were squeezing her ass and
pushing between her legs.

Pauline was pushed in to her own bedroom, she tried to push back as she screamed
in to her gag, her beautiful bed had ropes hanging from all corners and the
rails around it, Barry smiled as Kenny and Eric held her, "Like what I've done,
just to keep you how we want you and you know you'll love it, bring her over
here".

She was dragged to the end of the bed, Barry turned her, "Spread her legs and
tie them to the base's", as her legs were pulled open and tied, he opened the
bag and removed two small straps about an inch thick, he smiled at her, "Just
brought these hoping but I didn't believe they were going to be this big", he
squeezed her tit's then proceeded to run the strap under each one before sliding
around them and threading the end through the buckle and pulling each one tight,
her tit's filled and ballooned out forcing the nipples to grow long and hard.

He stood back and looked at her, her ass on the top rail and her legs held wide,
but the best sight for Barry was the size her straggled tit's were growing to,
he walked back to her and pushed her backwards, her top half fell back on to the
bed but as her legs were tied,  her ass and cunt were now totally exposed and
forced upward over the rail, Barry looked at his two accomplices and said, "Pick
a hole lads and enjoy".

Eric waved his hand forward to Kenny, "You found her you have her first, but
don't take the ass-hole", Kenny dropped his trousers and stepped up in front of
the helpless woman, pulling her cunt lips wide with his fingers her placed the
tip of his cock at the entrance to her, he couldn't see her face which was
hidden behind her enormous tits so he just said, "Here you are baby your dream
come true", and he pushed hard and firm, his cock drove in to the hilt, he had
got right in to her.

As Kenny drove hard in to her Barry lay on the bed, his fingers played with her
now long thick nipples flicking the white pale milk that oozed out of them then
bending and sucking out more, he pulled off her nipple and looked at her, "I
meant what I said, remember when I  take that gag off, your mouth is for sucking
cock, nothing else, any noise and we bath the baby remember it ain't mine so I
don't give a shit", she nodded.

He slowly pulled the tape off her mouth, he held his fist above her as the last
piece pulled away but she remained silent, he put his face close to hers, "Open
your mouth", she slowly opened her mouth, as his covered hers, he kissed her,
forcing his tongue down her throat until she choked he stopped, "Keep still
darling your spoiling the moment", it was imposable for her to lay still the
force Kenny was fucking her had her moving.

Barry looked up at Kenny as her blew himself off in her, "Enjoy that mate, get
the fuck out of her and let him have her ass while I fuck her mouth, her tit's
are free if your thirsty". The three of them abused Pauline, Eric was enjoying a
virgin ass, using the wet out of her cunt he spat on his cock and reamed her ass
with his cock as his finger pushed up her cum filled cunt. She was trying to
shout but six inches of Barry's cock filled her mouth, both he and Eric yelled
obscenities at her as they filled her at the same time.

"God that was good", Eric said as he pulled out of her sore ass, Barry was
slapping his cock on Pauline's face as he looked him and said, "Don't worry
you'll be hard again by the time we've tied her in her next position".

Pauline never said a word as the three men untied her from one position and
started a new one. She was on her knees there was a rope from one post down
around her waist then back up to the other post forcing her up, one ankle was
tied back to a bottom post and so was the other keeping them well apart, she was
straddled across Kenny his cock buried up her, Barry was behind her fucking her
ass and Eric was enjoying the pleasures of her mouth dragging her bound wrist's
up until she hurt so much she wouldn't stop him forcing his cock down in to her
throat.

Barry was deliberately behind her so he could have the added enjoyment of
squeezing her swollen tit's forcing milk in to Kenny's mouth, it didn't take
long for all her holes to be filled again. Barry was insatiable he soon had her
arms tied to both post at the top of the bed and her legs wide and pulled open,
tying them to the top of the post's, leaving her ass and cunt fully open and
exposed, her now full leaking tit's pushed over her face, he looked at her, "Do
we need to gag you", she closed her eyes and shook her head, "Right lads lets go
check for booze before we enjoy the hospitality of this lady is offering us
again".

It was impossible for Pauline to escape, she lay there waiting to be violated
again, she didn't have to wait long, the three of the walked back in, each of
them had a bottle of wine in there hand, "Want a drink", she nodded, Barry
forced himself over her open legs and pushed his cock at her mouth, "Then suck
it out of this".

He filled her mouth again, "You suck cock real good, now providing you don't
speak for the next ten minutes we will leave, understand", still letting Barry's
cum dribble from her lips she nodded, he got off her as Kenny and Eric stood
ether side of the bed, to Pauline's horror she saw they had their belts in their
hands.

As the belts found their target Barry squeezed on the swollen tit's, Pauline bit
hard down on to her lip not wanting to give them a reason to do anything else to
her. After ten minutes they stopped, tears ran down her face, the hot burning of
her red ass only half forgotten by the throbbing pain of her bound tit's, Barry
licked away a tear, "You take a beating well trouble is we are all hard again,
you don't mind if we give you a last fucking do you", she stared at him, "I said
do you", a pathetic, "No" came from her bleeding lips.

Barry called to Kenny, "You want cunt or mouth", he stroked his hard cock, "Bend
her over, I'll have cunt while you fuck her mouth", Barry looked at Eric, "And",
he said, "I'll have some mouth after you".

The three of them used Pauline again and left her laid on the bed and while she
chocked up two loads of cum they dressed, Barry collected everything together, "
Grab her and bring her in to the bathroom, Barry taped her mouth then tied her
wrist's in front of her before wrapping rope around her waist keeping her arms
pinned to her side, he pushed her back to the towel rail and tied her legs open
to it.

He had a battery hair curler, which in shoved up her open cunt and taped it in,
then a flick of a switch lit it, he kissed her over the gag, "Takes about five
minutes to warm up, you should get loose by then, it will give you something
else to think about rather than were we go, Oh and as an added incentive I'll
switch the towel rail on as well, if you don't get free at least you'll have as
warm a cunt and ass as we gave you", with that the three of them ran down the
stairs.

Kenny opened the door to his flat and trod on a brown package, he smiled to
himself as he opened it and took out the tape, he also found the note,
     Dear Kenny,
       Thanks for the last swap, great tape hope you enjoy this one, sorry I've
been so long in writing but I moved two weeks ago, got a good offer, you'll
never guess the coincidence but the people who bought my house were called White
as well and believe it or not her name was Pauline.

                                                              Pagan.




Copy-right Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

             Short stories about Pauline's by Pagan

                    The Perils of Pauline's 6

                         Pauline Clinton.

                    Mr and Mrs R, J, Clinton,
                           Pine Croft Lodge,
                               Cedar Drive,
                                   Burnam,
                                 Mashire,
                                MA19 3HY


    My dearest sister Abigail,

       I have to write, things have happened in the last month that have
destroyed my life, I've lost so much and for you to understand I must tell you
everything and to make you understand I must tell you from the start.

   To think a month ago I was so happy, Robert's business was exceptional, but
that was the start. It was when he went away to finalize the expansion factory,
he was happy and I had just been made chair lady of the local club and at 36
that was a great honour and good for business, so I was happy, I had agreed to
do several dinners so I employed a new baby-sitter for Jolene, you know the baby
we adopted 6 months ago, this girls name was Trudy, an 18 year old, a pretty
girl and hopefully a nice girl.

   It was the night of my inaugural dinner, Trudy arrived and I went off feeling
really good and I looked good to, I'd been doing a little dieting and bought
some nice figure hugging outfits, I remember looking in the mirror stupidly
saying, Well yes, Mrs Pauline Clinton you look good and you look sexy.

   I arrived back just before mid-night a little worse for a few drinks but I
was nothing compared to the sight that met me in my house, Trudy the babysitter
was drunk, she was flat out on the settee and I boy I didn't know was in my
house.

   Before I could speak he spoke to me, "Sorry Mrs but Trudy's fucked up, I
don't think you locked your booze up, so she's pissed on it", I was shocked I
didn't expect that kind of language in my house, I told him to take her home,
but he said, "Fucked if I will, she ain't goin on my fucking bike like that,
can't she stay here", what could I do.

  I said she could sleep in a spare room but how are we going to get her there,
he looked at me, "Carry the stupid cunt, you take one end and take the other", I
could not believe what I was doing obviously it must have been the drink but I
was carrying this girl up my stairs with a boy I didn't now.

  We finally threw her on the bed, I put a cover over her, a couple of buttons
on my top had come off, I tried to pull myself straight as I went back
downstairs, stupidly I went to the drinks cabernet as if I needed more, as I got
a glass this boy said, "Fuck me I could do with a drink, by the way my names
Callem".

 As I gave him a drink I turned, suddenly I realized how drunk I was, I bent to
pick up my drink, he was right behind me as I staggered back, I felt something
hard, my mind was in a whirl I forgot Robert wasn't there and I didn't move.

 He took it as a signal and he move closer suddenly his hand came around and
cupped me between my legs, the smooth material of my skirt offered no resistance
and I could feel his finger pressing in to me but my drunken mind was still on
Robert.

 I felt a hand come round the other side, I remember my glass shaking in my hand
as the hand pressing in to me pushed that bit harder and the other hand started
to pull the hem of my skirt up, as my skirt reached my thighs the fingers
stopped pressing in to me they had  slid under my skirt and I felt them on my
panties.

A voice in my ear shattered my feelings, " Your cunt feels fucking wet you want
me to fuck it", oh god it's not Robert it was that boy, I went to move away but
he kept on, "You ain't goin nowhere, your to wet to move, open your fucking
legs".

  I was shaking, my legs were struggling to keep me upright as his other hand
slid up my body and pulled the front of my top open, the two button were gone
and it opened easily. He shoved his hand inside my bra, "You got a good set of
tit's to go with that wet cunt, how firm is your ass"? I wanted to move but I
couldn't.

His hands massaged me so hard, finger's dug in to me probing and pinching my
breast's and pussy, he growled, "Open your legs, you can't expect me to finger
you with your fucking legs shut, open them you stupid cunt I want a good handful
of your wet hole", I made a feebly sound of "No", as he kneed the back of my
knees and my legs open to stop me falling, as I did his fingers immediately
slipped in to my panties.

I wanted him to stop but I couldn't make him, all I heard was "Nice and wet,
just the way a cunt should be but I still want to kiss that ass of yours, bend
over", again I tried to say no but he got hold of my hair and forced me to bend
over, my skirt was pulled up and over my back exposing my black nylon panties to
him, I went to stand but I hard slap on my bare cheeks and his harsh voice
telling me to keep my fucking head down stopped me from moving.

I stood there bent at the waist the drink making me dizzy as I felt his lips
kissing the cheeks of my bottom, as his tongue licked across my flesh his finger
pushed between my legs and in to me, then out and then hard in again getting
faster, I tried to say no but I found myself breathing to hard, and he knew it,
he said, "Your old man pork your ass, you like a ass fucking you like a bit of
meat in your back door, you must be a good fuck your cunt's well tight for an
olden".

As my head hung down it was swimming, the drink and what was happening was to
much I started to moan, and that made him worse, " Want me to fuck you here or
upstairs", I tried to pull myself together, I stammered, "No, no-where, I don't
want fucking", he drove his fingers in me, "Then what am I doing to your cunt
now, all I have to do is change my fingers for my cock, so stop fucking with me
and let's get your clothes off, your tit's out and play".

He pulled me up so fast that my head spun, he pulled at my top ripping the last
three buttons off and pulled it down my arms, I looked at him though glazed eyes
as my bra straps were pulled down my arms, I heard him say, "Nice tit's, good
size with a big nipple, lets see that cunt", he dragged my skirt down, I think I
was trying to stop him but I was soon standing in high heels stockings and just
my pants, I shook my head as he said, "Lets loose the pants but the stockings
can stay".

   I made a last grab to keep my pants on but he slapped my hands away and
literarily tore them from my body, I tried to get past him but he pushed me on
to the settee, dropped to his knees in front and pushed my legs wide, I looked
down as his face buried itself between my legs, his fingers pulling my pussy
lips apart as his tongue lapped at my clitorious.

   I was so wet I couldn't help myself, my hips pushed my pussy up to meet his
mouth, he pulled back and looked at me, "I think I'll have you bent over this
sofa first, then I'll take you upstairs, I might as well stay the night, you
taste like you haven't had a good fucking for a while then I'll take that
drunken cunt home, but first lets give your holes a good seeing to".

   I shook my head and put my arms out to stop him but he grabbed my wrists and
yanked me up, he swung my round the settee and shoved me over the back, I tried
to get up but he spanked my bottom hard keeping a hand on my back, he laughed at
me, "Your making a good show of not wanting a screwing but we both know your
gagging for it, so keep still while I enjoy fucking your hole".

  I felt him enter me, it was so big, his thrust was very hard he was lifting me
up and off the floor, I couldn't help it I orgasmed twice before I felt him fill
me. I was exhausted but he wasn't, he pulled me back and held me, his hand
mauled my breast, "Nice tit's Mrs, I'll give them some of my undivided attention
when we get upstairs, come on, bed time".

   I was to confused to put up much of a fight, soon he was slapping my bottom
as he drove me up the stairs, he pushed me against the landing wall and bent his
face in to my breast's biting and sucking at my nipples while his fingers pushed
up me again, he was so rough, I felt my knees buckle as he pushed further in, he
looked up, "Still hot and wanting, come on then", he pulled me on but instead of
going in my room he pushed me into the spare.

  He stood by me as we looked at Trudy, "Pretty little tart ain't she, wish she
had tit's like you, but they ain't bad, look", he pulled the cover down and
pushed her sweatshirt up, showing me her breast's, "Feel them", I looked at him,
I could see in his eyes he meant it, I put my hand down and touched them, " Come
on Mrs give them a good squeeze", as I bent and held one his finger found my
pussy again and pushed in, I fell forward as his thumb went in and his fingers
were on my clit playing with it again, "You ever played with a woman before", I
shook my head  I couldn't speak I was breathing to hard, "You can kiss them
tit's if you want, her nipples pop up nice in your mouth go on suck her, you'll
be sucking me soon".

  I felt his hand move as he inserted his thumb up my bottom he also used his
fingers in side my pussy, I fell forward on to the naked breasts in front of me,
"Go on Mrs give her tit's some tongue and be quick about it, I want to take you
to your bed and fuck this cunt of yours some more".

  I licked at her young breast's as he drove his fingers in both my holes, I
could hear him chuckling, "While your down there have a feel of her cunt she
shaves it, feels nice", I moaned, "No" but he took his fingers out and slapped
me hard, "You can ether do it easy or hard, but your gona do it". I was in his
power, I slid my hand down and unzipped her jeans then pushed my hand in under
the waist-band of her pants and down between her legs as he went back to finger
fucking me.    

  My hand slid over the naked pussy, the sensation was so different, I was being
forced to do this degrading act but I felt myself feeling in to the tight slit
there was no hair why was it exciting me, I don't know what I'd have done if he
had not suddenly pushed his long cock back inside me, he pulled me back up and I
found myself stood there impaled on him as his hands came around me and squeezed
at my breasts he whispered in my ear, "Lets do the fucking dance", he turned me
and we walked, me on tip toes still stuck on his hard cock, to my bedroom, the
sensation was unbelievable.

   We were in my bedroom, he pushed me over the bed and carried on fucking me, I
felt so disgusted with myself that I was letting this youth do what he wanted to
me, but my shame got worse as he licked his finger and pushed it back up my
bottom while he fucked in and out of me, I only groaned as he took himself out
and then pushed at my other hole, as his hard length pushed inside the entrance
he bent, brought his hand under me and played between my legs, fingering my
pussy as he shoved right up me, to my utter humiliation, with him playing with
my pussy I found I was pushing back in to him as he was the first man to fuck my
bottom.

 I stayed there bent over while he pulled and pinched at my nipples and his
fingers aroused my pussy, I groaned and wiggled until I felt hot cum fill me. I
had been abused I meant nothing to him as he just pushed me off his cock and
forward on to the bed, pulled me round to face him, smiling down at me in
triumph he said, "You what a piss, I do before I have another shot at you, or
should I say in you", he took me to the toilet and watched me pee like a little
girl.

He took me back to the bed, he got the rest of his clothes off as I stared at
the ceiling wondering why, suddenly he was beside me, he pulled me to him and
forced me to kiss him, then to add to the perverted things he had made me do he
lay back took a handful of my hair and shoved me down, he told me to open my
mouth, I knew I might get another spanking but I whimpered, "No", he lifted his
head up and laughed, "Come on Clinton, I've fucked your ass and your cunt
there's only one hole left so open it I'm going to fuck your mouth sooner or
later, so I did as he said, he stuck his cock in to it, I could taste myself as
he made me suck the end while his hand pumped on it until it spurt more of his
filth in to my body, I wanted to spit it out but he held his hand over my mouth
and shook my head until I swallowed.

 He fucked my bottom and my pussy again during the night and even before he got
up he took me bent over, filling my pussy once more then he used my bathroom to
clean himself before he pulled the girl out of her bed and took her downstairs,
I lay in my own mess until I heard the bike drive away.

  You would think that was the end of my misery, it wasn't, it was the start.

It was three days later, I had just taken Jolene for a walk and brought her back
for her afternoon nap, I fed her and put her to bed, as I came back down stairs
Callem was sitting on the settee, "Afternoon Mrs", I stopped, I couldn't believe
the bravado of this boy, I screamed at him, "Get out of my house", he just sat
there toying with a camera, "I thought I may take a few photo's of those two
little moles you have, you know, the ones on the inside of your very tight
ass-cheeks", I looked at him, it didn't take much to work out if I didn't play
along Robert would be told, I knew I would have a lot of explaining about how he
knew about them, he probably remembered a lot of other things about me and our
bedroom, I was to drunk to remember what he had said or done.

 He smiled at me as I slowly walked down the stairs, "Come and plant your ass
down here". I walked round the settee and looked at him, I half said, "What if",
but just patted the settee, "I'll talk about what if's later", I sat.

He leaned over, " Show us your legs, I've been thinking about them a lot, let's
see em", I pulled my skirt back from my knees, "All of them right up to that
little fuck hole you got in the middle", I turned to him and shook my head he
just smiled at me and nodded.

 I had no choice I pulled my skirt up over my thighs he just kept nodding until
I lifted myself up and bunched it round my waist. He held the camera up, "Pity
there's no sexy stocking still you have good legs now open them and pull your
panties to the side, let me see it, it's a Kodak moment", I put my hand up, "No
please don't do that", he aimed the camera at me, "Don't worry I won't get your
face", I know I started to cry but I still did as he told me, as I looked up at
him, he turned the camera side ways and it flashed, he laughed, "Opps and you
weren't smiling", I burst in to tears.

   He held the camera and still laughing he said, "Might as well take all your
clothes off now, oh and do it slowly, lets see if you can turn me on". I let go
of my pants and dropped before him on my knees, crying out the words, "Please
no", he grabbed my hair, "Off your knees fuck toy, there will be time for you on
your knees with your mouth full later, first of all take your fucking clothes
off, I like you naked now strip for me.

I was beaten and he knew it, as if in another world I stood up and slowly took
my clothes off as I did he kept the camera clicking, my humiliation was complete
as I stood in front of this sick pervert doing what I had been ordered too,
fingering my pussy and squeezing my nipples as he took more filthy pictures, "O
K bitch now it's deep throat time, you can get on your knees and blow me", I
knew I had to do it just to get rid of him so I knelt in front of him undid his
zip and there I was a grown woman with my hands inside this boys trousers
pulling out a cock I knew would be forced to suck it's full length until it blew
all it's filth down my throat and he would photograph me doing it.

 I had been sucking him for about ten minutes and he had taken three pictures
when the front door opened, I tried to move but he held on to my hair, "Don't
just fucking stand there, Trudy let the boys in, you won't mind if she don't say
hello it's rude to talk with your mouth full", my head was held hard down on his
cock as it fucked my throat but I knew I heard about three boy's and one girl as
they came in and shut the front door.

 He kept hold of my hair and forced me to carry on sucking him as he said, "Look
Clinton don't get upset, you should feel good even proud, I told some of the
lads how fucking good you were at fucking and sucking so they wanted to find out
for them self's, well here they are and you and your holes are going to
accommodate them, and maybe I'll let you continue where you left off with Trudy,
let you see just how good her bold cunt tastes but that's next, first, I'm about
to cum and you swallow everything I'm about to shoot down your throat".

 My head was being jerked back and forth so hard as this rigid long cock worked
it self in to the back of my throat, I couldn't even think that there were three
more boys waiting to do the same to my mouth and my other holes. He suddenly
spurt his filth in me, I chocked and swallowed as he held my head firm forcing
me to suck the last of his juice from his rampant cock, as he pulled his meat
out of my mouth other hands grabbed at me, some between my legs, some pulled and
pinched at my nipples.

 I was already bouncing on one cock, somewhere a voice told me to keep fucking
as I felt another pushing in to my ass, there was a another cock waving in my
face as I caught a glimpse of him sitting on my settee with one arm around
Trudy, his hand playing with her naked breast's but his other hand held the
camera as the flash blinded me again.

 It was 3.30 when the three boys sat back and looked at me laying on the floor,
they had fucked me at least three time if not four taking it in turns to use all
my holes, every part of my body ached, but Callem was not finished with me, he
bent forward and gripped my jaw, "You enjoy that fucking well you can now lay
there and let Trudy sit on your face and believe me when I say if I don't see
your tongue so far up her cunt then I will let the boys spank you, and your cute
ass won't like that".

 To cat calls and cheers I lay there and watched as this young girl lowered her
naked wet pussy over my sore well fucked mouth, I had to lay there and sucked at
her clit as I had been forced to suck on so many cocks then I licked up in to
her open wet hole as I felt hands squeezing my breasts and finger's hurting my
already badly fucked sore pussy, thank god she only took about five minutes to
cum in my mouth, I lay there having to lick and swallow her juice that she
delighted in rubbing all over my face as the flash of the camera caught all of
it.

  I was told to kneel on the floor between them, I looked round at them as they
sat drinking from my cabinet, Callem waved the camera in front of my face, "You
want this", I nodded, "You can have it for 15,000", I was shocked, I said, "No",
he lent back, "Well lets see how much your old man will pay for it when he gets
one picture on his desk", I was almost hysterical, "No, no I'll pay", he leant
towards me, "You better be quick the banks close in 25 minutes".

  I rushed upstairs and got my cheque book, wrote the cheque and one of the
youths disappeared with it, Callem made me ring the bank and release the money,
soon the boy was back and Callem handed me the camera, "Good bye Clinton, you
were fun to fuck", and with that they all left. 

 It was yesterday a women in a smart grey suit rang the door bell, she was with
two other men and a police officer, she was from the adoption agenise, they had
come for Jolene, her real parents had come in to some money and were going to
marry and now they had a future for their baby, also they had evidence that
would prove I was unfit to bring up children so it was better if my husband
didn't know certain things and of course if I didn't make a fuss, anyway they
had a court order. I couldn't believe it they just came in and took my baby, I
even let them take her clothes, I sobbed as I watched them take her to the car
and hand her over to her real parents, I screamed as I watched Callem and Trudy
drive my beloved child away.



                                                                PAGAN.




   Copy-right Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

                    Short Stories about Pauline's by Pagan.

                                        The Perils of Pauline's 7

                                                 Pauline Yates.

Pauline Yates looked at the spectacled girl who was finishing off plating her
pigtails, "If she thinks I'm going with you three nerds on another bloody hike
she can stuff it", the girl said, "But you joined for a camping weekend didn't
you know there was going to be hiking". As Pauline put her clothes in to her
rucksack, she sarcastically answered, "Ya but I expected boys to carry this
bloody thing, when you look like me boys do anything, but that's something you
will never find out, looking like you do".

Before the girl could answer Pauline finished with, "I wouldn't want to touch
you with a 10 foot pole", then stormed out of the tent and ran to the fence,
climbed quickly over the stile and headed up the path. After about 10 minutes
she came to a fork in the path, she thought, we came from the right so the road
must be to the right, she turned and followed the path.

She had been walking for about an hour but there was no road, she was hot and
thirsty and to add to the worry, no people, she turned the next corner and
noticed a farmhouse, thank god she thought.

Half way down the fence she found a gate, no beware of the dog sign so in she
went, she would be glad to get indoors, her low top and shorts were no
protection from the sun, she could see no-one in the fields so she headed for
the door.

She thought, must make myself presentable, she combed her long blond hair and
fastened it back in a clip, wiped her hands on her shorts, took a handkerchief
from her pocket and wiped her face, before she knocked on the door.

A scruffy man opened the door, "Ya", she took two steps back, "I'm lost, have
you a phone"? he could tell she was nervous he shouted in, "Ma, some girl wants
use the phone is gona be O K". Pauline breathed a sigh of relief as he looked
back at her, "She say yous can use it", he moved inside and she followed him.

Her eyes adjusted to the gloom, there was another man standing by the door at
the end of the room, he looked in to the other room, "Mrs Johansson, you got a
phone fer this pretty young lady", Pauline moved to the other door, her hand
went to her mouth as she tried to stifle a scream.

There was a large bed in the room, a naked women lay on it, her hands tied up to
the headboard, her legs tied open, held to each of the bottom posts, her mouth
filled with cloth, her body bruised, Pauline saw teeth marks on her breasts and
thighs, as she turned to run her eyes fell on a figure tied to a chair, she
could see the face had blood on it.

As she turned she saw another man to her left, then two more blocking her way
back to the door, she saw another door way and bolted for it, she made the
doorway suddenly the first man was standing in her way, she put her hand up to
hit him as her rucksack was grabbed from behind and she was sharply pulled back.

Hands pulled at her, her rucksack disappeared and her arms were bent up her
back, rope pulled tight on her sunburnt wrists, as the rope was tied off she
felt hands on her thighs pinching her, suddenly she was lifted up, the one who
had stood by the door grinned, "You gone thinkin to run out on us honey".

"Please don't hurt me, please, I'll just go I won't say anything", the grin
never left his face, "You ain't gona say nothin, Jeez, reckon you gona do for
us, just like Mrs Johansson did, she didn't mind giving us some funnin after us
showed her the way".

He pulled Pauline back in to the bedroom, she looked at the staring eye's of the
bound woman, he held her hair, "When me and the boys got here, they was like
you, didn't want to know us, thought we was dirty scum but we persuaded Y'all to
see our point of view".

She shook with fear, "But, but I", he shook her head, "No buts, look girly I
will tell you's all about what's been do'in then you gona understand what funnin
is".

He shoved her back, she fell in to chair, she looked at the other men, every one
of them grinned back at her, one of them spat some chewing tobacco at the empty
hearth, he started.

"We come lookin fer some work, bit of farm workin, bit of mendin but they
treated us bad, Mr Johansson came at us wavin a shotgun tellin us we was vermin
and to get off his land, we was goin until we seen his Mrs, a real honey pot,
she got real frit and started screamin at us, he took his eye off us fer a
second and Frank had the gun.
 Well he started hitting out, so we hit back, he don't fight none to good and we
got to kickin him, he was bleeding real bad, Mrs started screamin at us to stop,
said she'd do anythin if we stopped beatin in on him, well what was us to do, I
mean she said anythin".

"So after we took him in and made him comfy in the chair we had some funnin".
Another one startled Pauline, "Go on Clem tell the pretty lady all about the
funnin". Clem's face had now changed to an evil leer,
" You boys remind me if I miss anythin, now were was I, oh yes funning with the
Mrs", another one shouted.
" Oh boy can Mrs wiggle it when she has to". Clem looked over, " Jude shut it,
listen honey and listen good, we told her she could do a little strip show for
us, we wanted her skirtie down and she got a fine tittie filled bra we could
tell they had big nips and we wanted to see them".
 
"She was cryin bad but we wanted to git her nakey and she knew she had to, she
moved a bit quicker when we started hittin on Mr again, she look's real good
nakey but she wouldn't stop her cryin, so Jess gave her somet to cry over".

Pauline looked round the room trying to work out who Jess was, the oldest one
looked at her, "You gona cry, bet I can make your cute bare ass wiggle while the
boys tickle them some of your pussy, are you a hot one, you gona git nakey and
do for the boys"?

Clem looked at her, "How long you reckon you can hold out when Jess swings his
belt, Mrs didn't hold out fer long, we whipped her all round this room, lovely
ass, big plump, jiggles lovely when you wack it, she was soon on her knees
suckin good with a mouth full of cock, blowed us all, took five loads down the 
throat before we took her to the bedroom so her Mr could watch us give her a
good fuckin".

" We spent some time suckin on her nice juicy cunt, us tongues was getting her
all wet, we made her make funnin noises while we all dun fuckin her cunt, she
couldn't help it, we didn't stop humpin her Mr looked real humiliated when she
was screamin but her screamin were different when we wanted some of her sore
wigglin ass".

Pauline coughed, Clem said, "I'm fergettin my manners, Jude give the lady a
drink", before Pauline could move a bottle was pushed hard against her teeth
forcing her to open her mouth, the drink was very strong, with a bitter taste
and the bottle wasn't removed until it was empty, she felt very dizzy.

Clem grabbed her jaw, "Yous listenin", she blinked and nodded feeling sick at
the smell of his breath, "Her ass ain't so tight now, us been fuckin it lot's in
the last couple of days and to get her to do what us wanted we been havin to
smack her around so we think she needs a bit of lovin, that's were yous gona
start, yous and Mrs is gona put on a little girly show fer us".

Frank laughed, " She got one fine ass and pussy for one little girl to take care
of but we knows yer really gona like it, come on she's done give us all a
hard-on, come on Clem lets put her face up some pussy, the boys are dying to see
some lezzi funnin and I'm sure Mrs will do some lappin on this young cunt fer
us".

Still dizzy from the drink she gazed around, "Please don't make me do that, just
let me go, I mean what I say, I won't say anything, please I", Clem grabbed her
hair, "And I mean what I say, it's time we see'd what you got under that top you
keep filled out and them legs look nice and soft, but we'm fer seein what's
between em, Jude, Jes get your knives and cut these rags off her, let's see some
beaver".

Clem moved back to the bedroom as Jess and Jude pulled Pauline up, she looked at
them through tears, "Jess said, "Now hun don't you go cryin on me or I'll be
warmin your ass", she jumped as Jude used his knife to rip the top off her, he
grinned in her face the black teeth made Pauline feel sick, "You got nice
titties, you gona be nice and stick them in my mouth, I reckon them nips is gona
pop up real long when we get to suckin on em".

She couldn't control her sobbing as her belt was undone and fingers pulled her
zip down, another pair of hands pulled at the back of the shorts, soon she stood
before them with only her pants, unable to stop grubby hands squeezing her
breast's then fingers pulled the front of her pants forward to crude laughter
about the way she had trimmed her hairs.

Jess looked down the front of the lace panties, "Time we got these down and had
a look see at some't nice and tasty, how about you take them down, show the boys
what a treat they got cumin", she looked at him, "Untie my hands and I'll", Jess
laughed, "Oh no hun, you gets to wiggle it around fer us and if yer don't I'll
make it wiggle", he laughed again, "A hot wiggle".

As Pauline struggled to get her pants down the man behind her ran his hands over
her, "Ooooohhh ya that some fine ass you got there, how old are you sweetie".
Still fighting back tears, " !7 sir", they all burst in to laughter, "Us got
called sir, she's learnin who's boss ain't ya sweetie".

She blubbered, "Yes sir", the one behind said, "Then yous bend over and show us
how big and firm yous ass is, spread them legs so we get to see some pretty
pussy and give it some wigglin", Jude joined in, "Ya show us wants gona be
wigglin on us face's".

Pauline watched her tears drop on the floor as she bent forward, hands were soon
playing with her ass holding her ass cheeks open as fingers ran between her legs
pinching at the sensitive flesh, Jess bent and whispered, "You ain't wigglin you
know whats gona happen if you ain't wigglin", fingers pushed in to her ass-hole,
she squealed and quickly started to wiggle her ass, "Now swing them tittie's",
Jess started flicking her nipples with his fingers when Clem came back, "Now
ain't that a darlin sight, my cocks jumpin to get in there already".

Ray said, "We gona fuck this little cutie now", Clem smiled, "Yous just hold
your pecker in your pants fer now, we all gona watch her and Mrs do a girly
show, git themselves all hot and drippin so as they give us a good bit of
funnin, now git her in here".

Pauline was dragged in to the bedroom, she looked at the woman on the bed, she
was obviously a beautiful woman, her breasts jutted up forced that way by her
arms being stretched over her head, her legs held cruelly wide, the teeth marks
showed bright on her fine skin.

She could see the hopelessness in her eyes, her husband sat bound to a chair his
face caked in blood, she thought he must have put up a fight to save her, now
all he could do was sit and watch these animals defile her as they did anything
they wanted to her when ever they liked.

Clem shook her back to reality, "You see we had sum funnin, got a bit carried
away, so we thinks she need kissin better, so that's what yous gona do and we
want her nips and cunt licked real good, so on you go", still with her arms
pinned behind her Pauline was pushed on to the bed.

The woman never moved as Pauline struggled over between her legs, she bent and
quickly kissed at the thick brown hair. She was so busy staring at the open cunt
that she didn't see Jude with a thin rod until it flicked out and stung her ass
cheek, she screamed.

"Youll gona feel a lot more stinging if you don't do some proper cunt kissin",
she quickly put her mouth down in between the widely spread thighs and started
sucking at the exposed slit, another stinging flick caught her ass, "That's so
you don't fergit what yous her fer, git yer tongue movin".

She sucked and licked at the cunt then kissed up and down the thighs, pushing
her self with her feet she moved up and over to her breast's sucking the nipples
forcing them to harden in her mouth, her eye's closed to what she was being
forced to do, the cat-calls ringing in her ears.

"That's it snog her up good, that's what we want to see". "That's it suck on
them titties, ain't this fun".
"Come on git down on that pussy, we want to see some tongue tickling, sting her
ass again Jude", before she could move the rod struck again, it struck twice
more before her tongue was back up the open cunt, "Now make her wet and make it
quick", Frank stuck a cucumber in her mouth, "Fuck her with this".

Pauline felt sick at what she was expected to do but the threat of a beating
forced her to push the green vegetable up the woman and fuck her with it,
pushing it in and out until it disintegrated, still they weren't satisfied.

"Come on tickle that cunt, tickle it, give it some tongue", she moved as fast as
she could. Pauline could taste that the woman's juices were now mixing in her
mouth, the men could see that and when the woman moved the cat-calls got really
excitable.

"She done got her motor running, she gettin her wet", Clem got hold of Jess,
"Lets turn the youngin round so Mrs can get at her hole, lets have us some up
and down lovin", Pauline felt herself being lifted, they forced her legs open as
she was lowered over the woman's mouth, "O.K. yous two lets see some juice in
your mouths".

The men's laughter echoed round the room, "O.K ladies lets see some good kissin
between them leggies or your ass's will be dancin tonight". The two women knew
they meant it and their tongues worked franticly at each others holes, Pauline
ground her hips down, forcing her cunt in to the woman's mouth, she knew they
both had to please the perverted pleasures of these men, she knew they both had
to cum.

Both women started to get wet, Jess inspected the woman's cunt, "She's making
it, hun here is really making Mrs cum", Pauline heard, " Hope this youngins as
good with cock in her mouth as she is with pussy", Clem pushed a finger up past
Pauline's tongue and deep inside the woman, "All righty these women is all hot
and wet, lets fuck em", he turned to Mr Johansson, "You don't mind if we fuck
this pretty wife of yous again do ya, seems she's all wet and wantin it and as
you know old Jess here just loves porkin her pretty ass", he looked at Pauline,
"Come on you".

Clem, Ray and Frank took Pauline in to the sitting room, she felt sorry for the
woman but grateful that Jess had stayed there with Jude, Ray said, "Who gets to
fuck her first", Clem held her by her hair, "We all do".
Pauline was almost hysterical, "What do you mean, oh god no, no please don't,
I'm only 17 please, I beg you no", she felt Clem's hand cup her between her legs
as Ray and Frank squeezed her breasts and rolled her nipples, "Beg all yous want
honey but yous old enough to take us all and with a cunt like this you sure as
hell are going to, Ray git yourself down on the floor, she's gona sit on yous
cock, I'm havin me some backdoor and yous Frank, yous gona tell us if she's as
good with cock in her mouth as she is with pussy".

She watched in horror as the three men took their clothes off, she wanted to
scream at them but she heard the woman scream first, then Jess said, "Git yous
ass up and do the wiggle while I have me some, yous listen if yer don't I'll
whip your cunt off and for fuck sake stop yer squealin, just git your mouth
round that cock, lick it all over and his balls need a tonguing, then suck him
all the way like we showed ya".
 There was a brief silence then a grunting sound and Pauline knew they were
fucking her both ends, then Jess said, "Now ain't that a pretty sight Mr, yous
wife sure do look nice when we fuck her, see how we dun teached her how to fuck,
she gona be one hot pussy when yous gits her back, that's if we don't take her
with us, we may want to use her all the time".

Pauline's legs were kicked open as Ray got down under her, his massive cock
stared up at her, "Come on now hun git your wet cunt wrapped round that boner".
Sobbing to herself she lowered down and impaled her tight cunt on to the waiting
pole, she tried to do it as slowly as she could but a pair of hands on her hips
and another pair on her shoulders pushed her hard down, she fought to stifle a
scream as it slid in to her moist passage.

Stood in front of her was Frank his cock jutted out thick and long, he moved
forward towards her face when Clem said, "You better be kneeling, because I'm
gona bend her", she was shoved forward as she felt fingers pushing up her ass,
they were wet, no it was cream. Ray grinned in to her face pushing his tongue
out and licking over her lips, as she felt Clem pushing at her entrance, as he
started to push in she went to scream only to have Ray force his tongue in to
her mouth.

She kept her mouth open she knew she couldn't bite, she tried to move to escape
the pain as he broke in to her only to her him say, "You keep wigglin girly I'm
lovin your tight ass, yous gona git fucked a lot up here, when the boys git to
know how tight you is, I know your gona get it lots".

He was fully up her when Frank grabbed her hair and pulled her head up, "Suckin
time girly, git your mouth on this and suck all the way, hope yous learnt at
school how to take it deep, cous yous gona have it all.
The pain in her ass and the thrusting up her cunt were forgotten as she
concentrated on breathing, the full length of Franks cock was stuck in her
throat, he held her hair and jaw and drove it all the way, only pulling slightly
back for her to suck in air.

The three of them thrust in to her as hands pinched her ass, tit's and nipples,
she was almost unconscious when Clem came up her ass, she was aware of her ass
being filled but she could now feel Frank about to cum in her mouth, panic set
in, she knew she would have to swallow or choke. It poured out and down her
throat, she fought to swallow jerking her head to get air, breathing through her
nose until he pulled back and lay against the wall. Suddenly Ray pushed her back
up and squeezed her tit's pushing them up forcing her to bounce up and down on
him until mercifully he also flooded in to her.

As he stopped she looked down at the grinning face, "Woooooeeeee", is all she
heard, then, "Man ain't she a hot fuck, can't wait tell she make's us hard again
then we's gona have us some more of her".
She was to tired to fight as they lifted her up and dropped her back in the
chair, she felt cum oozing from her, running between her legs and her throat was
raw, her eyes watched the three men with just their shirts on, their foul meat
hanging, wet, thick and grotesque, she knew they would soon be hard and ready to
use on her again, she slipped in to unconsciousness.

A stinging blow on the side of her breast woke her, Jess was standing, grinning
at her with the cane rod in his hand, she looked at the thin red line on her
breast, "Want some more, I hear say you got a tight ass hole that needs porkin",
she shook with fear, "No, please no not that, I'll do anything but not there".

 Jess grinned as he swiped the cane through the air, "Anything a, like Mrs, then
yous gona do what I say, ya", she looked at the ugly man, she could see the evil
in his eye's, but still whispered, "Yes".
Jess stood in front, "Then hows about you and me havin a nice kissin time before
I do some cunt kissin then you do some cock kissin, and yous better mean it,
come on hun show me how much you like me".

Slowly she stood, his dirty black teeth still grinned at her, she closed her
eyes and moved to kiss him, she open her mouth and put her tongue in his,
grinding her body against him as she sucked his tongue in to her mouth. She
pulled away and started to kiss over his stubbled face up to his ear, "If you
untie me I'll do things to you", he pulled her head back, "Ya and if we keep you
tied we do things to you, now lets eat some pussy".

She sat back in the chair and opened her legs, Jess knelt a stuck his tongue as
far up Pauline's cunt as it would go, the stubble on his face scrapped on her
thighs as he sucked and licked like a dog on heat, he stopped, "You want to piss
in my mouth, Hun a, I like it, so yous better do it", she knew she had to, thank
god she wanted to, a stream of golden liquid poured out of her, he lapped at it,
laughing like a deranged lunatic.

"mmmmm sure tastes sweet, now yous gets my cock, yous gona suck me dry, I'll sit
there, you do me", he pulled her up, and took her place, his cock stood up,
Pauline knelt and took the cock in her mouth then forced her head up and down
getting it as far as she could down her throat, he said, "Yous sure looks pretty
with my cock down yer throat", then laid back to enjoy it.

The force she was using and the other mouth rape made her mouth bleed, she saw
that as she spat out the pink coloured cream he had just pumped in her mouth.
Choking as she was she didn't know but Jude was behind her, as she stood her
grabbed her, swung her round and held her head in an arm look, Jess got up
picked up the cane and stung her ass a dozen times before letting her sink to
the floor.

Jude dragged her to the back of the chair, bent her over it , she pleaded, "No"
Jude said, "You ain't stuck yous tittie's in my mouth, so I'm gona stick my dick
up yer ass", he pushed his cock in to her sore bleeding ass. Her screams brought
Ray in, "She sure don't like her ass porked, pity as weem all gona have some",
Jude laughed, "It's tight, real tight but yous can shut her up fer me, stick it
in her mouth I'll make her suck".

Jude slapped Pauline's bleeding cheeks, "You gona suck him or yous want another
whoppin", Pauline blubbered through her tears, "I'll suck, I'll suck, put it in
my mouth, please don't hit me, I'll suck you".
Ray stuffed his cock in her mouth and started to fuck her face, "Ray, where's
the others", Ray looked at Jude, "Their making honey pots dinner by fucking Mrs,
reckon their gona git her to suck all their cum out her cunt, that's what I come
fer, still reckon she's got time to swallow some of mine first".

After Ray and Jude had finish with her, Pauline was taken in to the bedroom
where the woman was still tied to the bed, Clem slapped Pauline's ass, "Looks
like you got a good whopping, now yous gona eat yous dinner or yous gona git
another, it's in Mrs cunt so get lappin".
The taste of the men's cum mixed with the woman's juice was foul but Pauline
sucked it and made sure the men saw her, she knew she had to make her cum.
 They put a rope round her neck and did the same to the woman fastening them
both to the bed head, then they were untied, Clem spoke, "You two seemed to git
on real nice so yous can play with each other while we eat and watch and yous
both know what yous gona git if we don't like the way you wiggle".

 Pauline and the woman kissed each other, sucked at tit's and fingered each
others cunt, humiliating themselves for the men's sick pleasures, they tried to
sleep only to be woken through out the night just to satisfy them, they would be
sandwiched between men being fucked from behind in the ass or cunt as they had
to kiss and fondle each other.

In the morning they were washed by the men, taken to the toilet by the men, they
were fed by the men and they were fucked by the men, all day they would be on
their knees sucking cock, on their back being fucked in the cunt or tit's or
bent over with their ass in the air servicing them, if it wasn't the men they
were playing with each other's cunt's for their amusement.
 It was about 4pm when Pauline felt happy the men said it was time to move on,
the woman was retied to the bed, Pauline was being tied ready to be fastened to
a chair when Ray shouted from the front, "Quick get yous ass's over here".

They grabbed Pauline and gagged her before they dragged her with them. Coming up
the path was the hikers, the three girls and the woman leader, Clem held Pauline
tight as he looked, "Looky what we got here, 4 more pussy's to play with, looks
like we ain't goin nowhere boys, what you think honey pot, we sure would like to
see you suckin the cunt of that one in front, can you see her, glass's and
pigtails, youd look good with your face buried between her legs", Pauline
groaned then fainted.


                                                                 PAGAN.


Blerk
 finish with the hikers calling glass's and pigtails




   Copy-right kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

                   Short stories about Pauline's by Pagan

                                      The Perils of Pauline 8

                                         Pauline Edwards.


Karl read the letter again and shook his head, " Oh well time to do a few things
I really want to" he was still in his thoughts when an urgent rapping on the
back door startled him.

He put the letter away in the sideboard and went to answer the continues
knocking, as he opened the door his 13 yr old granddaughter tumbled in.

He caught her, "Hold on Louisa, what's the matter", she stormed past him and in
to the sitting room, he followed.

She had sat down on the settee, "It's that bitch Linda, I hate my bloody sister,
she's a cow", he sat beside her, his eyes fixed on her knees and the pink flesh
of her thighs up to her little grey pleated skirt, "Just calm down and tell me
all about it".

Her beautiful young lips pouted, "I can't, it's private", Karl got up, "I'll fix
you a drink, that will give you time to relax, what time is your mother
expecting you", still with the fixed pout she answered, "She's gone out with
that bitch, I'm to stay here until she picks me up at 10".

He went to the kitchen cupboard, opened it and picked out the lemon sachet to
make the lemonade; he looked at the bottle of vodka, his brain shouted, "Why
not".

He mixed two sachets in to the glass, poured in the vodka and topped it up with
water, took a neat swig from the vodka bottle and went back to the pretty girl,
"Here you are and don't drink it all at once", she snatched it from him and
downed it in one, he smiled he knew if he told her not to she would.

"Taste's funny, have you got some chocolate, I'm hungry", he got up, come with
me and lets see what I've got". She got up and swayed, " Ohhh I feel silly",
Karl held her as she giggled, he asked " Do you want another lemonade", she fell
towards him, "I think I better".

He lent her back and went to the kitchen; he smiled as her heard her giggle.
Quickly he made another special lemonade and took it to her, "Here you are", he
held it as he made sure she finished it, he took the empty glass, "You sit still
while I try and find you some nice tasty chocolate".

As he bent and looked in the sideboard his eyes swung to the girl; With her legs
open he could see up to her snug pink pants, her tight fitting top showed her
youthful breasts, her lovely face looked cute, she had a silly smile he knew it
was caused by the drink, he thought well at least my son can breed good looking
daughters, he smiled to himself, I should bloody well hope so with who he
married, what ever Pauline Watson saw in him I'll never know, she was a rare,
beauty with tit's to die for.

He knew he had some chocolates but made a fuss for her benefit, "Here you are,
come on sit on granddads knee and we will enjoy a feast", he pulled her on to
his knee, she lay on him as he broke a piece and handed to her, she took it and
put it between her baby cute lips.

"Now what's that young sister been doing to upset you", she giggled, "I
shouldn't tell you but she let my boyfriend play with her", Karl felt his cock
stir, "What do you mean play with her", she was really giggling now, "She let
him put his hand up her skirt", Karl's cock was now straining at his trousers,
"That's not right I will have to tell your mum and as for the boy he will get in
a lot of trouble, did this happen at school", she was having trouble thinking
straight but was trying to talk properly, "Yes, eerrr yes it did but no, no you
can't tell mummy, that would be awful, she will go ballistic".  

He tried to cover his smile, "If it happened at school the head must be told
then the police".

She tried to concentrate, "No please no, you can't, no granddad you musn't",
Karl pushed on, "And the boy's name", she was so confused she told him, "James
Hopkins", Karl almost shouted, "You mean the counsellors son".

She was starting to feel sick, but she still argued, "You must never tell, mum
would go mad and dad would ground us forever we would be in so much trouble",
she was now starting to cry, "Please granddad, promise you won't tell, we
couldn't get in trouble with the police". Karl tried to look stern, "I'll have
to think about it", just then she was sick.

 He took the semi-conscious girl upstairs and in to the bath room, filled a
basin and took her top off then her skirt, she sat wide legged on the toilet
seat as he rinsed off the uniform, he squeezed them out ready to put in the
tumble drier, as he did he looked at her.
 Her head lay back, he thought, she has the face of an angel, but he didn't look
at her face for long, his eye's were draw to the open legs and the outline of
her young cunt and now she was fast asleep.

He ran downstairs and put the wet things in the drier, as he came back to the
bathroom he looked at his watch, 5.40, time for her to sleep it off, he carried
her to the spare room and laid her on the bed, before covering her he took a
long look at her and thought of the bulge in his trousers, again his brain said,
"Why not" he knelt beside the bed.

Karl hooked his finger in to the bra and pulled upwards, two lovely budding
breasts with pink little nipples were revealed to his eyes, he slid his other
hand in and squeezed the mound, he swallowed then he moved down to the pink
pants and pulled them away, just a hit of curly brown hair over the tight juice
slit, as his finger ran over it he thought it looked good enough to eat, he
stopped, covered her and went down stairs.
He poured another drink and sat, his mind clear and precise on what he was going
to do.

It was about 9.40 when Karl parked just outside the school; he went in to the
secretary's office and asked if Linda Edwards could be excused for an eye
inspection, something about a precautionary letter from the doctor, he was shown
to the class and Linda came out.

He didn't say much on the ride back to his house just, "I want a serious word
with you young lady", he marched her in and stood her in front of him as he sat
on the settee, he was shaking with excitement as he said, "So what's all this
about you and James Hopkins", he hid the smile as he watched the colour drain
from her face, he pressed on, "Well I'm waiting or shall I phone your mother and
the police".

That was the one, tears welled up in her eyes, "I didn't mean anything to
happen, it just did, I wanted to get back at Louisa, she let him and some others
play with her, I wanted to prove I could get boy's", Karl nearly choked with
excitement as he thought, both of them.

He controlled himself, "Well if you don't want me to tell I better find out what
happened", he put his hand on her knee, "Is this what he did", he slid his hand
up under the grey pleated skirt, she went to move her hands, "If you didn't move
them for Hopkins then you better not move them now".

Her legs felt soft as he pushed up wards, he could feel his cock going hard as
he rubbed her thighs, she stared at him he was trying not to smile, as his
fingers reached her pants he said, "You let him touch you here didn't you", she
bit her lip and nodded, he stroked her crutch through her pants he could feel
the soft out line of her lips.

"Your pants are getting wet, take them off and show me them", her eye's looked
pitiful, "But granddad", Karl had made his mind up, "You do for me or you go to
the police, what's mummy going to say then",  knowing she had to do what
granddad said, she reached up under her skirt and pulled the blue pants down,
she handed them to Karl who put them in his pocket before travelling back up
under the skirt again, he was working on guess work now, "When he touched you
here did he say that Louisa had let him do it to her", his fingers played over
her naked bald cunt.

To his delight she nodded, "You're a bad girl I should spank you, take off your
skirt", his eye's feasted on her as she took off her skirt and stood naked from
the waist down before him, "Come on young lady over my knee", the trembling girl
stood at the side then bent over his knee, he allowed himself a smile as he
looked at the beautiful small ass, naked and at his mercy.

Thwack, not hard but just enough, she squealed, thwack again and again leaving
his hand on the naked skin before another one, he pushed her leg off his lap
opening her legs as he hit again this time his fingers traced over the open cunt
lips, thwack she started to cry, "You want me to stop", a pitiful, "Yes" came
from Linda.

He pushed her off, "Kneel in front of me, you seem to let boys do what they like
to you, so tell me what they do to Louisa", she sniffled and cleared her throat,
" James told me that she has been with him and some others", Karl interrupted,
"Names Linda give me names", She looked at him, "James and Tony Bliss, Ralph
Smith, and Leonard Sullivan", Karl nodded, "Go on". She started again, "They go
to the building site, in some of the new houses, she lets them put their hands
in her blouse and in her pants, lets them feel her up and she plays with
theirs".

"Have you played with James Hopkins", she shook her head, "Well if you don't
want granddad to say anything your going to play with his, take the rest of your
clothes off", she looked startled, "But granddad", he snapped, "No buts this is
a serious matter, you ether do for me or I tell on you, and if you say anything
about this I will deny it and tell everyone you made the story up to save
yourself, now take the rest of your clothes off".

 He quickly had his trousers off before she took her top off, his cock was long
and hard, he stood up and watched the look on her face as it danced in front of
her, "See the little pee hole", she nodded, "Kiss it", she still looked up at
him, "Come on Linda, do as your told, kiss it", her lips puckered as she bent
forward and kissed the end of his cock.

"Now put the end inside your mouth and close your lips tight around it", he
darn't move in case he exploded over her as her little mouth opened and he
watched the end of his cock disappear inside the sweet lips, "Now play your
tongue over the end", her tongue felt unbelievable as it danced over his cock,
he knew that very soon he was going to fill her mouth.

He quickly said, "Granddad going to put something in your mouth, don't worry
just swallow it, it's what grown up women take to make them sexy and it's good
for you", as the word you came out so did his cum, Linda chocked but tried to
swallow, Karl was amazed to see just how much slid down her throat.

He pulled her up, "Come upstairs and I'll clean you up, you should have a mouth
wash", he couldn't take his eye's of the naked butt as she walked up in front of
him. Once in the bathroom he washed the driblets of cum off her chest, using his
hands on her nipples, then gave her the mouth wash before he took her in to his
bedroom, "Lay down and open your legs, it's my turn to pleasure you", as if in a
daze the girl did as she was told.

He lay between her spread legs, his mouth licked at the open slit, as if beyond
his wildest hopes after about five minutes of licking, she started to get wet.
He worked at the young girls sensitive slit, he heard her moaning, he used his
fingers to excite her more as he watched her head roll from side to side, "Do
you hear your mummy moan like this when daddies fucking her, Linda squealed as
he tickled her wet clit, "No, no not with daddy only Alistair", Karl stopped,
"Who the fuck is Alistair".

His mouth went back to sucking and licking the now wet cunt as he heard,
"Mummies boyfriend, he comes round when daddies away or when he'ssss at the a a
gymmmmm or or play---ing gooollllfff", she spurted her cum in to Karl's sucking
mouth.

Karl was quickly up and at her side, "What's this Alistair like", the poor
exhausted girl was trying to think, "She thinks he's lovely, she keeps letters
and photos of him in a secret red box, I've seen her looking at them".

"When's daddy away again", he tickled his finger up in to her cunt which made
her jump, "Ooooo, this weekend, he's away playing team golf", Karl put the
finger up to his nose, "Mmmm that give's me an idea, now you are not to say
anything about today or what you have told me, then I will say nothing about,
you, understand", she nodded, "Right lets get you back to school".

The phone rang, she picked it up, "Hallo Pauline Edwards", the voice at the
other end said, "Hallo Pauline it's your father-in-law", she answered, "Oh hallo
Karl, what's up", Karl thought, my dicks up but that's later, "Listen Pauline,
I've been thinking, I don't see the girls that often and I thought it would be
nice if they spent a weekend with me sometime and I could do all the granddaddy
things, you know spoil them", Pauline was quick, "What a great idea, as it
happens Alex is away this weekend and I had planed to do some spring cleaning,
do you want them this weekend", Pauline couldn't see the smile on Karl's face
when he said, "Oh alright then, pack some things and drop them off on Friday".

Karl was watching out the window as Pauline drove up, he licked his lips as he
saw the two girls get out, Pauline went to the boot and took out a small case
then followed them up the path, he opened the back door.

The two girls looked very quiet as they came in, Pauline just handed him the
case, Karl thought she looked gorges, the tight sweater showed her magnificent
tit's, he tried hard to look at her face not the pointing nipples. After a few
pleasantries he watched her full round ass as she went back down the path, he
thought, she can't wait for a good fucking this weekend, Alistair you're a lucky
man, but lady you don't know this yet but I'm going to have some of yours soon.

As he walked in to the sitting room the two girls sat watching T.V. they looked
at him, "Aren't you going to give your granddad a kiss", Linda asked if she
could use the toilet, the second she was out of the room he grabbed Louisa,
"Well young lady and what about, James, Tony, Ralph and Leonard", he heard a
quiet, "Oh fuck", he smiled, "You better believe it".

He held her, "About that kiss", he pulled her and kissed her hard on the mouth
until she opened her mouth and his tongue flicked in, he enjoyed her squealing
until he stopped, "You let the boys kiss you so you better do all I say this
weekend or your mother will go more than ballistic, understand", she nodded.

Linda came back in, "Right ladies first some of my special lemonade", he handed
out two glass's and stood watching as they finished them, "Second, let's have
the both of you upstairs", the two girls walked slowly upstairs, Karl came up
behind them, "Get a move on and don't worry your pretty heads, I'll make sure we
all enjoy ourselves".

He pushed the unwilling girls in to his bedroom and positioned them at the end
of the bed, he watched them, their innocent faces looked anywhere but at him as
he took his clothes off. He lay naked in the middle of his bed his cock hard
with anticipation, "Linda take Louisa's clothes off", he waited to see the
reaction, there was none, Linda turned and pulled Louisa round, then started to
undo her buttons.

He smiled, "What no arguments", almost in a whisper Louisa said, "It's ether
this or the police and we know you won't hurt us", his heart leapt, "Not if you
do as your told, now Louisa start to undress Linda".

He fought not to play with himself as the two girls slowly took each others
clothes off, they stood staring at the floor as naked as the day they were born.

He could hardly speak as he gazed at the fantastic sight, Louisa with nice young
tit's topped with pouting nipples and a little hair to cover her tight slit,
Linda her tit's just budding, her nipples round and dark against her pale skin
and her cunt totally bald, "Come and lay ether side of me", they climbed on the
bed and lay still, he put an arm round each and pulled them to him, his hands
ran over the naked bodies.

He turned to Linda, "Do you remember what I did to you on this bed, I used my
tongue between your legs and you liked it, didn't you", Linda just looked at
him, "I know you did because your little pussy got wet, so admit it", she
quietly said, "It was nice".

He pulled her lovely face to him, "Then you do it to Louisa and make her wet,
you must make her wet or granddad will get mad and spank you". Karl made room
for the two girls to get together, Louisa looked at him with a worried look on
her face, Karl stroked her hair, "Don't play the innocent with me, you've had
your pussy played with, and you liked it so get your legs open".

Karl slowly stroked his cock as he watched his 12-year-old granddaughter sucking
and licking his 13 year olds cunt, his eyes glued to Louisa's expressions, he
didn't have long to wait, a little sigh and some movement from her hips, his
hand stroked the back of Linda's head as he pushed her face further between the
open legs.

Louisa started to groan, Karl ran his hands over her tit's rubbing his palm over
her nipple she squirmed, her hips started to jump, Linda carried on her licking
until Louisa moaned and pushed Linda's head hard down, she squealed then she
collapsed back on to the pillow, Karl smiled to him self, "Good girl Linda, give
Louisa a little time and she will do that to you and I want to hear you squeal". 

It was only 10 minutes and Karl was watching the reverse, Linda was moving her
hips already, Louisa was a natural, her tongue darting out and licking all over
Linda's naked cunt, his eye's shone he knew what was coming next, he was.

Linda came, heaverly spurting herself in to Louisa's face, Karl told them to
clean themselves, soon they were back, laying beside him, "You two have enjoyed
yourselves haven't you", there was a little embarrassed nodding, "Good, now
Linda show Louisa what you did to my cock". Linda moved down the bed and took
the stiff meat in to her mouth. This time Karl held her head and moved her
slowly up and down, in his excited state it took only a few minutes for him to
shoot himself in to her throat.

She coughed and spat a little, Karl told her to go and have a mouthwash, while
she was in the bathroom Karl grabbed Louisa and kissed her hard on the mouth,
"Now you get to get a mouthful, get down and do the same and you have a bigger
mouth than your sister so suck more in".  

As Linda walked back in Louisa was sucking Karl's cock hard again he tapped the
side of the bed and Linda lay back beside him, he pulled her to him and kissed
her then pushed her up so he could suck on her cute little nipples. As he kissed
and licked the harding bud his hand ran over her ass, squeezing the young firm
flesh, just gently playing around between her legs until he pumped another load
of juice in to another young mouth.

After they had all been to the bathroom, Karl watched the girls as they used the
toilet, he cleaned them then returned to the bed and pulled the covers back.
They all got in to bed, he cuddled them to him as he watched them go to sleep,
he thought, that's enough for tonight there's another day and night tomorrow, he
smiled to himself, gently, gently catchy monkey.

In the morning he slipped out of bed and went down to make breakfast, then he
woke the girls, kissed them both before leaving them to dress. As soon as
breakfast was over they piled in to the car and went shopping, he bought them
everything they asked for, he also bought himself and digital camera and a lap
top, then a slap up lunch before a trip to the pictures, he thought that will
give them something else to tell their mother.

When they got home he told them to try on their new clothes, he made sure this
was done in front of him, he enjoyed the little strip shows. Soon it was dusk
and time to draw the curtains and have them all to himself permanently naked.

He tried out his new camera, making them kiss and fondle each other then pose in
some erotic positions as he took snaps of the naked young beauties, then he
quickly down loaded them on to his lap-top, before deciding more interesting
pictures could be taken in the bedroom.

 For the next six hours Karl enjoyed his power, he had them on their backs with
their legs wide open as he kissed and sucked at their entire bodies. His tongue
danced from mouths to tit's, nipples to cunts, before his cock was being sucked
by young mouths, his camera never stopped.

He had cum three times in their mouths when he had them 69 each other, he took
picture after picture before he himself got naked, he lay on the bed with two
sweet faces looking up at him as they licked and kissed his cock, he was in
heaven,

"Good girls just stay like that while I fuck your face's, do you know you really
have got sweet mouths just like a cunt, hope you like my cock in there, I do,
come on roll your tongue's over it, let me feel them, ohhh yes your doing it
just right, that's it suck it, suck it right down your throats", the last three
pictures were of the same sweet faces covered in his juice.

In the morning he had them suck him off again then as he dressed he watched them
suck out each other, he enjoyed the squealing and sucking noise's he thought
that's put pay to bed time stories, then over coffee and a couple of milk
shake's, he asked what time mother was coming for them, they told him two.

He took a key from Linda and left them at 12, he had an idea that she was with
Alistair and would make a detour, he wasn't wrong.He took pictures of them as
they left, she did exactly what he thought and followed Alistair in her car. As
soon as they were gone Karl used the key and entered the house. He soon found
the red box and took out the contence, using his camera he took pictures of
letters and photos of the two of them, then quickly he was back with the girls.

He had been back 10 minutes when she pulled up, "Have they been any bother, you
look as though you have really spoilt them, you must have money to burn, what
about saving for the future", he smiled at her, "That's my problem besides
they've been really good, by the way have you been busy"? He smiled at her
answer of cleaning all weekend, he thought, ya you've had someone cleaning all
right, someone who's been cleaning your cunt.

It was three weeks later, the girls had been over a couple of times, each time
he played with them, educating their lovely mouths and by now their very active
tongues. They told him that daddy was away on business, he rang Pauline and told
her he must see her on the Friday morning, she argued but he insisted, she
finally agreed but it could only be an hour as she had a meeting with an old
friend, he thought, not this time, some-one else is getting a taste of that
pussy.

He was all prepared as she arrived, she came in, still arguing that she hadn't
the time for all this, he took her to the sitting room and made her coffee,
black 2 sugars, then he switched on the lap-top, images of her and Alistair
played out across the screen followed by pictures of letters and nice romantic
shots of her and lover boy.

He toyed with a pair of hand-cuffs as he watched her face, her eye's confused,
her hands went to her  partly opened mouth, he imaged it wide open and full, she
looked at him."Put these on", he threw the cuffs at her, she caught them "Why",
he stood and walked towards her, "I've other things to show you and I don't need
arguments".

"But I won't", he virtually ordered her to do as she was told or he told her the
shit hit's the fan now. She clipped and steel band on one wrist then moved to
the other, "Behind", she looked at him, didn't say anything and clipped her
wrists behind her back, "The other stuff is in the bedroom, you lead".

She just sat looking at him, he took her arm pulled her up and aimed her towards
the stairs, "Up".

She walked up in front of him, he smiled as he thought, can't resist it, he
slapped her ass hard, she screamed, "What the fuck", he giggled, "Sensitive are
we, been getting too much up there".

When they reached the top he stopped her and whispered, "Like it in the ass"? He
was enjoying taunting her.

She wasn't her usual assured self and avoided the question, he pushed her in to
the bedroom, and shoved her on the bed, "Not the bed you had in mind this
afternoon and certainly not the man, but one cock is like any other providing it
can do the job", he dropped his trousers.

She stared at him in disbelief, "Karl you can't be serious, your mad, I'll
never", he smiled at he massaged his hard cock, "No not mad, if you want extra
then you can have a little extra from me or I will let Alex have the pictures, I
know from the letters that lover boy is married, she is disabled but she holds
the purse strings so you are his bit of fun on the side".

 She snapped back, "He loves me", Karl carried on, "He loves fucking you, and
that's all, think of your kids, if Alex found out, oh boy", she was fighting
back a sob when suddenly Karl struck.

He grabbed her turned her round and forced he to kneel on the bed, she started
to yell at him but he just said, "Go along with it Pauline it's your only
chance".

He pushed her skit up as she sobbed in to the pillow, then her pants were pulled
down exposing her round firm ass, he ran his hands over her ass and thighs, then
he slid his had over the fullness of her cunt  and tweaked the folds of the
lips. Using both hands he pulled her cunts lips apart and inspected the hole
from behind. He laughed as he inserted two fingers in to her then a third one
ploughed her ass as he started to fuck them in and out.

He was ecstatic as he felt her body start to betray her, he felt her hole
moisten, his fingers slid easily in to the wet cunt. He worked on her until he
heard a faint moan then he let his thumb go in her ass as he pushed his cock
against her slippery cunt hole, he was going to fuck her.

She squealed as he pushed in to the juice drenched cunt but she was so wet that
she didn't move and Karl knew she wouldn't as he drove hard at her, he loved the
control and her humiliation.

"Oh yes Pauline you have a lovely cunt, a real cock sucker, bet old lover boy
give it to your hard, that's all you are to him a hole to fuck and your stupid
enough to open your legs to a knob-head like him", his thumb pushed as far as it
could up her ass, "Bet he likes a bit of this and I bet you let him, bet you let
him do what he like as long as he say's I love you, you stupid cunt".

He was banging her as hard as he could, "Oh yes come on cock sucker take it all,
I'm going to dump a load up you, so get ready", he held her hips tight as he
came up her, filling her as full as he could, he just kept pumping it out as he
rained hard smacks down on her naked ass.

He held her ass as he pulled his cock out then, using both his hands he opened
her cunt lips again and watched as his juice dribbled back out of her hole, he
pushed his finger's in and scooped some of his cum out, then went around to her
face and forced it in to her mouth, she spat and called him foul names, he just
laughed as he headed for the bathroom. He was just about half way through a piss
when he heard her run downstairs.

By the time he got downstairs she was staring at the screen, she had tried to
delete the pictures but with her hands tied she had only pressed the wrong
buttons, there on the screen were pictures of Linda and Louisa sucking his cock.

She turned on him, "How could you, you bastard, you are going inside for this,
you will get twenty years for this, you fucking pervert", as she ranted at him
he walked over to the sideboard, took out the letter and put it to her face, she
read it.

She stared at him as she got to the bit which said, "We are sorry that the
finding of the specialist are the same as your doctor and we agree that the
infected intestine is inoperable, the finding of your doctor are the same as
ours, you life expectance can be no more than 8 to 10 months, once again our
sincere condolences.

He pulled the paper away from under her nose, "So want to you say to twenty
years now, smart ass", he thumped her in the stomach, she buckled to her knees,
he looked down as her large breasts heaved up and down while she took in deep
breaths.

"Do you know what they say Pauline, they say that all the things you enjoyed
during your life flash past you as you die and some of the things that I want to
flash past me are me fucking your ass, cunt, mouth and tits". He bent grabbed
her hair pulled her up and slung her over his shoulder, his right arm held her
thighs his left hand stroked her ass as he carried her back upstairs.


                                                                          PAGAN.




 Copy-right Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk.

             Short stories about Pauline's by Pagan.

                          The Perils of Pauline 9


                                       Pauline Templeton.

He was staring at the old brown clock hanging on the wall opposite, it read
11.20pm, he was thinking, thank god only 40 minutes to go, when the phone rang,
he leaned across the desk and picked the receiver up, "Hello, Samaritans, can I
help"?

A male voice started whining on about how he couldn't face life because of his
massive debts, he had so many money problems, what was he to do"? Dudley
listened interjecting his moaning with, "Oh dear, yes I understand, Oh that's
terrible". Finally he gave him two phone numbers for financial assistant,
reassured him it wasn't all that bad and hung up, thinking to himself, what a
prick.

The clock read 11.35, the phone rang again, "Hello, Samaritans, can I help", I
quiet female voice sounded startled, "Oh, eerrr yes hello, I don't know why I'm
ringing, I don't want to waste your time but I must talk to someone".
 He spoke calmly to her, "Then take your time and tell me what you want, it
won't be a waste of time".

She cleared her throat, "I don't know what to do, I'm so depressed, I have no
friends, I've driven everybody I knew away, I just want to kill myself". Dudley
grabbed a note pad and pen, "Can you give me a name to talk to"?
"Pauline Temp, eerrr Smithson", he wrote Temple-----? "Well Pauline Smithson,
would you like to tell me what has caused all this misery"?

He heard a little sob in her voice, "My wonderful husband was killed in a car
crash and I can't get over it", he asked if they had been married long, he
thought to himself, she sounds quite young, "Only four years, he was the only
man in my life, I just want to die and be with him".

"Oh no, you mustn't say that, is it money problems"? she quickly said, "Oh no,
not at all, the insurance paid everything, no, no that's not a problem it's that
I'm so lonely, people have tried to be so nice but I only want him, I can't get
on with other men, their just not him".
Dudley pressed on, "Have you spoken to anybody else", she was really sobbing,
"Yes I've told all my friends I just want to die, I want to kill myself, I bore
everybody now they have stopped speaking to me".

Dudley calmed her, "Now don't say that, have you got a phone number", she told
him, "01795 552381".
He asked "Is that a local number", she carried on, "Yes, why"?
Her wrote it on the pad, "I will get a special councillor to ring you tomorrow,
is ten alright", she quietly said, "Yes, I'll be in".

As he put the phone down he quickly reached for the phone book, Temple, no
nothing, Templeford, no nothing, Templeton, yes, the phone number matched, he
wrote, 48 Cedar Grove, Ashley, he picked the phone up and dialled, a male voice
answered, "Yes", Dudley whispered, "Smith this is Williams, you and Jones need
to be at 48 Cedar Grove, Ashley at ten tomorrow, her name is Pauline Templeton,
money, husband dead, has told people she wants to die, really depressed, anyway
you know what to do, good luck", he replaced the handset, picked up his jacket
and left.

She sat on the chair, adjusting her pleated navy skirt and nervously straitening
her sleeveless white blouse. Her eyes went from the clock to the phone then to a
picture of her late husband that adorned the sideboard, smiling at him and
saying, " Well Dave do I look all-right or am I being stupid putting make-up on
to answer the phone", she got up and walked towards it".

As she picked up the picture she was startled by a knock on the back door, she
replaced the picture and went to the door, through the glass she could see two
men. One was large and a bit untidy; the other was smaller with a weasely thin
face.

"Yes what is it", the larger one came close to the glass, "Mrs Templeton, we
have come with regards to your call to Samaritans last night". This confused
her, "But I thought you were going to phone, how did you know my name I, I"? The
other smiled, "We were very concurred at the report and thought a home visit
most important, may we come in"?

She opened the door and pointed to the lounge, they wiped their feet, smiled at
her and went through to the lounge, she followed and asked them to sit, she sat
opposite.
The larger man spoke first, "My name is Smith and this is Mr Jones, we were told
that you don't want to live anymore, that seems very strange for such a
beautiful woman to contemplate".
The other man nodded, "That's very true Mr Smith, a very beautiful woman should
never feel like that".

She fidgeted as the men complemented her and gave a quite, "Thank you", before
telling them of the car accident and how she had tried to date but it was no
use. The two men sat quietly as she went in to detail on how she had annoyed
people by continually talking about David and how she wanted to end it all.

The two men looked at each other, "Well Mr Jones what a sad story".
"Yes Mr Smith, it would be such a sad waste of life, but what do you suggest". 
Smith looked at Pauline, "Mrs Templeton, show me what you would write to the
world if you were to leave it", Jones took a half used writing pad from an old
battered brown case and past it, with a pen, to Pauline.

Pauline looked at them, Jones sat back down, "Come along Mrs Templeton, do as Mr
Smith asked, remember we are here to help you".
"Quite right Mr Jones, we are here to help".

Pauline wrote and pasted it back to Jones, who put it back in the case, she
looked surprised, "I thought you wanted to read it", Smith shook his head, "Oh
no we just need you to realize what you are thinking, now how would you do it,
how would you leave this world, have you thought"?

"I don't know, I suppose the car".

Jones said, "Not the exhorts pipe, oh no, shouldn't use that people could stop
you",
"Quite right Mr Jones, she needs privacy, in the home, doors locked".
"Do you think so Mr Smith, you mean hanging, and of course there's no going back
from hanging".

Pauline looked at the two men, "What do you mean no going back".
Smith looked at her, "I think a demonstration is in order don't you Mr Jones",
"If you think so, Mr Smith, I have a rope, Mrs Templeton have you a strong
ceiling fitting".

Pauline now a bit flustered, "I don't understand what your saying, what do you
mean, hanging".
Jones pulled a length of rope from his bag, " What don't you understand, you
want to join David".
"You see Mrs Templeton, Mr Jones is right you are wasting peoples time and
annoying people if your only pretending".
" That's right Mr Smith, she doesn't mean it, all this nonsense about her loving
husband".

Pauline looked at them defiantly, "I just wanted to talk about it, I need to
talk and don't you dare talk about my David".
Jones stood up, "You should know what it's like to be on the edge of life then
you wouldn't treat it so lightly, I would be surprised if David treated things
as a joke".
"Mr Jones is right, just show us a strong ceiling fix and you will understand".

Still with her defiant look, "I can assure you that I don't treat this as a
joke, there's a beam in the bedroom all right".
"Right Mr Jones lets go to the room", the three of them went to the bedroom.

Smith took the bedroom chair and placed it under the beam, Jones threw the rope
over, he looked at Pauline, "Mrs Templeton will you step up on the chair and
place the rope around you neck, then I think you will understand".

Pauline slipped her shoes off, stood on the chair and placed the rope around her
neck, "There, satisfied,  now what".
Jones pulled the rope until it held tight around her neck.

She immediately put her hands to her throat, "Now, now Mrs Templeton, it's not
that easy, a little more Mr Jones", Jones pulled up, "Is that enough Mr Smith".
Smith looked at the struggling woman, "Put your hands down and Mr Jones will
stop", she did, as she did Smith took a pair of padded cuffs from the bag, held
her wrist's behind her and clicked them together.

Pauline groaned and her strangled voice asked, "What are you doing, stop please
stop", Smith looked around the room, "Ah Mr Jones you can tie the rope off by
going around that radiator", it was soon done and both men looked at the
helpless woman.

"So what do you think Mr Jones, does our Mrs Templeton look as though she wants
to die".
"I think my answer is no Mr Smith, she looks very pretty but very frightened and
for her to die would be a waste of a beautiful body".
"Well said Mr Jones, your right, indeed a waste of a beautiful body, have you
noticed the way her breasts rise and fall while she panics for life".
"Indeed I have Mr Smith and standing this close I have also noticed she has very
nice legs".

Pauline felt hands stroking her legs, she could just see the top of their heads,
but she knew what they were going to do, she kicked out but they were expecting
that and dodged, she lost her footing, the rope tightened, her eyes bulged as
she tried to scream Smith pushed her foot back on the chair, "Be careful Mrs
Templeton, you could hurt yourself".

"Now Mr Jones were where we, ahh yes disusing Mrs Templeton's beauty, I can't
see how any man could resist her".
"This is true Mr Smith maybe she has defects we can't see, should we investigate
after all we are here to help".

Pauline squirmed trying to avoid the searching hands, she felt the hem of her
skirt move, now almost chocking on the rope she begged them, "No".
She knew she was wasting her time as she heard Jones say, "Fine thighs".
"Oh yes Mr Jones and look, could that be the problem, white plain snug fitting
panties or as we used to call them passion killers".

Another straggled "No" as she felt fingers tracing the out line of her pussy
lips, "Doesn't feel as though it's been used to much, what do you think Mr
Smith"?
"Seeing is believing Mr Jones", Pauline felt fingers curl in to the waistband of
her pants and pull downward, "Now what do you think Mr Jones".

"I do believe this cunt has not had a cock stuffed in it for a while, it looks
tight and very, very fuckable, I wonder how much it has been used, I suggest we
ask Mrs Templeton".
"Splendid idea Mr Jones, if you will do the honours and undo the rope we will
have her down and ask her a few questions".

Jones slackened the rope and Pauline almost collapsed in to Smith's arm, he let
her fall to the floor, he sat on the bed, Jones pulled the chair round and sat
behind her, Smith pulled her head up, "Mr Jones has had an idea that if you
answered a few of our questions, we may be able to find out why you can't bring
yourself to be with another male, but first we must approach the delicate matter
of money".

Jones held her hair, "What my friend Mr Smith is saying is, where do you keep
your cash? It would be easier if you just tell me"

Pauline just wanted them out, without putting up a fight she whispered, "The
bottom draw, a black jewellery box". Jones looked in to the box, "My, my, such a
lot of cash, and a few nice trinkets, Mr Smith the delicate matter is
concluded", he emptied the contents in to his bag, took a few other cheaper
jewels from the dressing table and put them in the case before returning it to
the draw, he sat behind her again.

Smith still held her, "There that wasn't difficult was it, now we have sorted
out your finance's lets get on to your sex life".
Jones pulled her hair, "Mr Smith I believe you mean, lack of it".

Smith smiled, "Well Mrs Templeton, how was your sex life, did you fuck a lot and
how adventures were you".
Pauline tried to pull her head away but he held firm, her defiance returned, "No
never, I don't degauss things like that".
Smith looked at Jones who immediately put his arm around her neck and squeezed,
"If Mr Smith asks a question you answer, it will be easier in this position
rather then back on the chair", he squeezed hard making Pauline gag and chock,
"Do you remember the chair".

He released his grip, Pauline gasped in air, "I don't know why your doing this,
please stop, don't put me back on the chair".
Jones kept the grip firm, "What do you think Mr Smith, the chair or".
"Or what Mr Jones, I think that's up to Mrs Templeton, is she going to answer
all my questions"?

Jones tightened his grip, Pauline spluttered, "I'll answer, stop, please
anything, stop, I'll answer".
"That's better Mrs Templeton, now where was I".
"Did you fuck a lot and how adventurous were you, I believe Mr Smith".
"Thank you Mr Jones, well Mrs Templeton".

"We had sex like any other loving couple, we would make love three, four times a
week and".
"Just stop there Mrs Templeton, I have found the first reason you are not
getting on with other men, did you notice Mr Jones"?
"I think I did, Mr Smith, was it words"?
"Exactly Mr Jones".

"You see how helpful we are being Mrs Templeton, now the word sex is a no, no
the word is fuck, you fuck each other, he fucks your cunt you take his cock up
your cunt, he fucks your ass, you suck his cock, he plays with your tit's, you
understand how you should talk, and that's how you will excite your men-friends,
understand".

"Please I don't I can't", the grip on her neck tightened.
"Do you like being fucked, do you get wet, do you cum with a scream"?
Choking back tears, Pauline forced a swallow past the gripping arm of Jones, "We
used to fuck about three or four times a week".

"I think she's beginning to understand, well done Mr Smith".
"Thank you Mr Jones, now Mrs Templeton, how often did he fuck your ass"?

Pauline tried to shake her head, "He didn't, he would never expect me to do a
thing like that".
"Oh come now Mrs Templeton, every man likes to fuck an ass and from what I saw
as you climbed up those stairs you have a beauty, just think he could have been
fucking your ass rather than in that car".

Pauline sobbed, "No not my David".
"If you want to replace your David you will have to learn to take it up your
ass, what do you say Mr Jones"?
"I couldn't agree more, Mr Smith and while we are on the subject of pleasure,
does she swallow"?
Smith ran his finger over her lips, "Do you take it all the way down your long
throat and swallow"?

"I only ever play with his eerrrr cock as foreplay, he wouldn't use it like
that".
"Seems to be her problem Mr Jones, she needs to be a little more adventurous to
create interest in suitors".
"I agree Mr Smith".


Smith grabbed a handful of Pauline's hair and held tight, "I'm sure she has as
fuckable a mouth as she has ass and cunt".
Jones let go his grip, placed his hands on the back of her head and turned her
left, he put the fingers of his left hand to her lips, "Come now Mrs Templeton,
open those lovely lips, or it will be Mr Smiths turn to hurt you, and we don't
want that to happen do we".

A forceful shake of Pauline's head had the desired effect and her mouth opened,
Jones pushed two fingers across her tongue, "Smooth as velvet a lovely tongue",
he pushed further, sliding in to her throat, "She seems not to want to open her
throat Mr Smith".

Smith's right hand clenched round her throat and squeezed, "Relax your throat
Mrs Templeton, come on your going to have to sooner or later, come on try, it's
easy, is that any better Mr Jones"?
Jones pressed in to her throat pushing past the muscle, "So tight Mr Smith so
tight but so nice".

Pauline gagged and tried to move as the fingers pushed in to her, her eyes
looking, pleading as she open her mouth wide and swallowed more and more of the
invading digits, "Mr Smith I'm delighted to say I'm in as far as I can reach".
"Well done Mrs Templeton, thanks to Mr Jones your learning more".

 Jones pulled his hand away and Smith let her fall back to the floor, Jones
stepped over the sobbing Pauline, "What next Mr Smith".
"Well Mr Jones, it's time to see if this beautiful body needs to be educated in
to the art of enjoying sex, it has all the right moving parts so lets see how
they move".

Both men bent and picked Pauline up, a quick movement found her propelled on to
the bed, as they took their jackets off Pauline pleaded, "Why are you doing this
to me, you are supposed to help, what have I ever done to you"?
Smith loosened his tie, "We are here to help, help you to find your problem and
cure it, am I not right Mr Jones"?
"Indeed Mr Smith, shall I continue with the examination"?

Smith nodded and Jones took a long scalpel like blade from his case, Pauline
squealed as she tried to shuffle back from the clasping hand, she didn't get
far. Jones grabbed the collar on the blouse and pulled until all the buttons
tore off.
The blade did the rest as her blouse was shredded. One slice cut her skirt from
waist to hem, she rolled on the bed in just her bra and pants, three more slices
and she was just in her pants, she rolled on to her front, hiding her ample firm
breasts from her hateful tormentors.

Smith, now naked, walked to the other side of the bed, pulled the handcuffs up
to the small of her back, then with the other hand he slid his fingers in to the
waistband of her white pants and pulled upwards, "Fine, round and firm, a lovely
delicate pink in colour Mr Jones".
Pauline looked to the side at the skinny naked frame of Jones, she watched him
lift the case and put it behind her at the bottom of the bed.

Pauline sobbed in to the pillow as she felt their hands push under the waistband
and stroke her naked ass, she shuddered as Jones said, "Fine and smooth, just
like a babies only a lot more fun, a Mr Smith".
"A waste to be unused, Mr Jones, a pure waste".

Pauline shook, "No, no please leave me alone".
"Can't do that Mrs Templeton, not until we have solved all your problems,
wouldn't be right would it Mr Smith".

"No Mr Jones, we have checked the receptacles now lets see how much movement
this body has got, and I leave that to your expert knowledge".

Pauline tried to squirm from under Smith's grip as she felt Jones pull her pants
down her legs, then oily fingers pushed around her cunt then ass. A slippery
fingers pushed hard into her ass-hole the more she wriggled to escape the digit
the further it pushed in, again and again ever time covered in more oil.

She went rigid as she felt the finger touch her vagina, "No, no stop", but all
she heard was Jones voice.
"A little up this hole".
"It's up to you Mr Jones, it won't hurt to get some slip up there, be better for
Mrs Templeton".

The words, "Oh god stop, stop, stop", came out in jerky bursts as Jones pushed
his fingers in and out of Pauline's cunt, suddenly he stopped, she felt nothing,
until her legs were forcefully pushed apart as Jones got on the bed between
them.

Smith's hand pressed firmly in to her back holding her down, only her head could
look from side to side but she could see nether of them. She kicked with her
legs, they flayed around until Jones put his weight on them, she knew she was
helpless.

Something wet and hard pressed between her ass cheeks, she tried to let out a
loud scream but Smiths other hand held her head in to the pillow, muffling her.
Even as Jones pushed past the slippery entrance her scream was only a pathetic
moan.

She tried to move, anything to escape the invading object, she may have been
held tight but she could still hear, "Lovely sight Mr Smith, a wiggling full
ass".
"Lovely Mr Jones, now lets see the other hole filled and wiggling".

Pauline continued her moaning as she felt something pushing up her cunt, it was
huge, she felt herself being torn open, it had been over four months since
anything had been up her now both her holes were being invaded. She jumped, the
one up her ass moved, then vibrated, the same thing started up her cunt.
Jones moved from between her legs, her pants were pulled up trapping the
vibrators securely in to her, Smith let her go.

Pauline immediately curled up in the middle of the bed, sobbing, "Please take
them out, you can't do this, oh god no, please no it's horrorable".
The loathsome fat Smith pulled on his equally fat cock as he smiled down at the
crying woman, "Me thinks she doth protest her innocence too much, Mr Jones".
"We will see, Mr Smith, we will see".

Jones had no trouble in grabbing her legs to put a pair of padded ankle cuffs on
and then fastened them up to her wrists.
Both men lay on the bed, their hard cocks pointing in to Pauline's pretty face
as she lay hogtied between them.

Pauline looked up at the grinning face's continually pleading with them to
remove the vibrating rods, Smith was getting annoyed, "It's not like me to be
rude Mrs Templeton but just shut the fuck up, we will tell you how you can get
them out but not just now so unless you want Mr Jones to gag you, just be quiet
and let us enjoy you". 

Pauline's eyes closed as she tried to stop crying, her moaning was suddenly
interrupted, her eye flew open as a stifled yell filled the bedroom, the two
vibrators clicked up a gear, both of them started to rotate, buzzing and
thrusting at various speed's and intervals.
"It pays to use the best toys doesn't it, Mr Jones".
"Only the best for our clients Mr Smith and there's more to come, and the first
to find that out will be   our Mrs Templeton".

Pauline squirmed on the bed, "Please stop them, take them out I can't stand it".
"We don't want you to stand, just lay there and enjoy".
"This is a wonderful spectator sport, don't you agree Mr Jones".
"Mr Smith the way Mrs Templeton is motoring I hope she will be lapping me
shortly".

The two men laughed at the pun but it was true Pauline squirmed between them,
try as she could to stop the humiliation that her body was forcing on her she
was now responding to the thrusting inside her.
They could all hear the humming coming from her cunt and ass lips, she groaned
as she felt the wave of an orgasm building inside her. Squirming around on the
bed, she felt a hand on her head.

"That's it Mrs Templeton, enjoy".
"Mr Smith is right, just enjoy the first of many".
Pauline was sobbing between groans she tried once more, "Please take them out I,
I can't do this it's, it's, oh god aaahhhh", the vibrators clicked up another
gear thrusting faster and the orgasm that had been threatening suddenly shook
her body.

Both men enjoyed the sight of the groaning woman, hogtied, her ankles held over
her ass as her hips thrust in to the bed, she found it imposable to stop the
vibrators filling her with uncontrollable pleasure. Slowly the realization of
what had just happened consumed her and she sobbed.
Her head looked up as she tried to focus through her tears, "Please stop them,
take them out, I, I, oh no please no, take them out, oh god it's"

"That's right Mrs Templeton, it's happening again".
"Mr Smith is right and it's going to happen, again and again".
"Oh come now Mr Jones she can always stop this".

Pauline's crying was intermingled by gasps as the two vibrators pumped and moved
up her, she knew she was very wet and getting wetter and to her horror another
set of ripples meant another orgasm was on it's way.
"Please stop this, I'm begging you".
"I sight to behold, Mr Jones, a tied, beautiful woman begging you".
"Yes Mr Smith, but what is she begging for".

The men deliberately took their time, watching her as wriggled around between
them, finally Smith said,
"Mrs Templeton what is it you want".
As the vibrators clicked up, driving her closer to another climax she gasped,
"To take these-ese out, pla, plesee".
"Shall I Mr Jones or will you".
Both men grinned at each other as Pauline gasped and jumped giving a little
squeal as she couldn't stop herself and came again.

"After you Mr Smith".
"Thank you Mr Jones, well Mrs Templeton, if you want them out there are two big
cocks full, hard and horny looking at you, to be blunt, we now know you have a
superb throat muscle so use it and suck them both empty, swallow it all and then
we will take them out".
"I couldn't no I have, aaahhhhh oh no it's to much ahh, ahh, ahh".
"Get ready Mr Jones I think our turn is coming, literally".

"I can't do that, umph, aahhh, I, oh no not moreeeeaaahh", the sensation grew
inside, Pauline's face drew closer to Smith's cock, it twitched in front of her
eyes.
"Gratification better than anticipation, what do you think Mr Jones".
"I don't want to think of it Mr Smith or I'll have nothing left for her to
swallow".

Smith thrust his hips at Pauline, his cock slapped in to her face, "Come on Mrs
Templeton open wide, you will suck it sooner or later, there are at least six
more gears on your two friends".
With a defeated groan Pauline open her mouth, her tongue flicked out over the
fat meat, she felt sick but her shudder was interrupted by a louder hum from
between her legs, she immediately captured the cock in to her mouth and sucked
at it.

"Gratification, Mr Jones, believe me wonderful gratification".
"I see Mr Smith and if you don't mind I'm going to get a better look".
Jones pushed down the bed, he watched as Pauline's mouth moved back and forth on
Smiths cock. His hand slid between her bent legs to feel the soaking wet pants,
then he pulled them up as far as they would go re-trapping the vibrating rods
fully up in to her.

"Stop nooooo stop".
Jones played with the plastic ends, "Get the cock back in your mouth and suck,
I'm enjoying watching your hips humping the bed, pity that cocks plastic, just
remember the faster you suck the quicker we cum and they come out".

Pauline sucked franticly, she was chocking and gagging but she forced herself,
Smith tormented her pulling it out and slapping her face with the wet end.
"Naughty, naughty Mrs Templeton, you really are a greedy girl, oh go on then
have it back and could I have a little more tongue tickling this time", then he
would hold her head as he pushed it back and in past her throat muscle, all the
time Jones played between her legs.

"Oh Mr Jones, I'm about to feed this lovely lady, I envy your turn to come and
you will, oh, oh yes go on suck it out, here it comes".
Trying not to vomit it back up Pauline swallowed as much as she could, she
couldn't believe the amount of filth Smith was pumping it to her. Finally he
stopped, she coughed and shook her head, the dribbles of juice splat on to her
face, she wiped her face on the bed as she turned her head left she saw Jones's
cock, staring her in the face, it's pre-cum dripping from the hole.

Her eyes looked up to see Jones grinning down at her, "As the saying goes Mrs
Templeton, suck it and see".
As she coughed out the last of Smith's juice the vibrators started to jerk
erratically, both men smiled as they heard, "Oh god no", before a beautiful set
of lips closed over Jones's cock.
"Mmmmm I see what you mean Mr Smith".

Her hips jumped and thrust in to the bed as she felt another orgasm building,
her head pushed faster on the erect meat stuck in her mouth, licking and sucking
at the tip before ramming herself down until it fitted in her throat, as her
mouth stretched to accommodate the thick meat she gagged but didn't stop hoping
above hope that what he was watching would make him cum, she was making sure he
didn't have chance to pull his cock out of her mouth and tormenter her like
Smith had.

"I can't hold this for much longer, I feel she is going to get a mouthful of
desert very quickly".
"Be my guest Mr Jones fuck her mouth as much as you like, it must be time to
move on to the next lesson so this won't be the last time you will have chance
to fill this lovely woman".
With those words ringing round the room Jones shot his load in to the back of
Pauline's throat, she pulled back but Jones held her hair.
"Get you face back down and swallow it all, then I will let you lick every drop
of what you have spilt, then and only then will we relieve you of your friends".

 Her tongue licked up and down the shaft before she sucked the hairs around his
cock in to her mouth as she did she groaned, her hips twisted, her cunt rubbed
over the bed, Smith ran his hand over her ass, "Looks like she's coming again,
it would be a shame to stop her, I'll wait".

Jones slid off the bed and smiled as Pauline wiggled and groaned in to the bed,
finally she cried out as she came.
"Very nice, well Mr Jones we know she can use all her holes and use them well".
Jones undid the cuffs holding her legs and wrists together as Smith pulled her
pants down letting the vibrators slip out. "Now that's one hot cunt", Pauline
heard them laughing and sobbed uncontrollably.

Smith pulled her over and stared in to her tear stained eyes, he wiped the tears
from her face and placed his fingers on her lips, "Sssshhh Mrs Templeton, see
you now swallow, it wasn't to bad was it, now Mr Jones what else have we"?
Jones slid his hands over her breasts and began to work them over, "Mmmm firm,
round and such a nice shape", his hand slid down her body, "Look at this it's
nice when the stomach is so flat, an obvious lack of children, see Mr Smith how
it makes the mound of  her cunt stand proud".

He ran his fingers over the soft hair of her cunt, then slowly pushed in to her,
"And what have we here".
Smith knelt over her, "Your hubby like to give you a licking", she shook her
head, "Oh come on surely he sucked and licked that lovely cunt of yours, get you
hot, did he"?
"Please leave me alone, I've done what you want".
"Oh no Mrs Templeton, that was just a sample, now Mr Jones has a very active
tongue and your cunt is still hot, lets see what happens when his tongue and
your cunt get to know each other, I will take the ankle cuffs off and you will
open your legs".

The ankle cuffs were removed, Smith pulled her left leg open as Jones held her
right before he got on the bed, kept her legs apart ether side of his shoulders
and started to tickle her cunt.
She sobbed as Smith sat beside her, he smiled and started playing with her
nipples, rolling them between his fingers and pulling them out, they were still
hard from her orgasms.

She jumped as she heard Jones say, "Now what have we here, oh nice and still hot
and wet".
He pulled the lips apart and ran his tongue over the middle of it, then up to
circle over the nub, it went hard with his expert stimulation, she jumped but he
continued to eat at her cunt, licking and poking his tongue up as far as he
could.

She closed her eyes, gritting her teeth at the intimate invasion, Smith never
took his eyes off her, waiting for Jones to complete his task.
Pauline was still hot from the vibrators and her body, still aroused, soon
betrayed her again. Jones worked on her cunt, completely covering the hole so he
could suck and tickle while his mouth moved her clit hard back on her Venus
mound, exciting her body until her hips started to rotate in to his face, her
cunt was responding the only way it knew how.

Smith could see that Pauline could not stop the sensation that Jones was forcing
on her, her mouth open in a straggled cry, "Mrs Templeton we are going to
relieve that hot feeling between your legs with ether those plastic cunt fuckers
or our cocks, would you like a choice"?
"Ples please not the  plastic things ahhh no, don't, please leave me alone".
Smith bent and sucked on the hard nipples, "Soon Mrs Templeton, soon".

Jones looked up his face covered in wet juice, he looked at Smith, "Now".
Smith stood up, "Now".
They grabbed Pauline and pulled her from the bed, Smith lay on his back, "Come
on Mrs Templeton sit on it".

Jones was to strong for the exhausted woman and he found it easy as he pushed
her until she was kneeling over Smiths fat cock, "Sit down Mrs Templeton, you
know you want to, just get rid of that ache between your legs, you know you want
fucking".
Pauline closed her eyes and sunk down over Smiths cock, unable to control a sob
as she heard "Lovely, snug and wet, just perfect Mr Jones, just perfect".

Unable to stop herself Pauline pumped on Smiths cock, she hated it but her body
forced her to seek relief, Smith touched her nipples he didn't rub them just let
his fingers glide over her, barely touching her as Jones slid his hands over her
ass, they were enjoying working on her as she was unable to stop herself pumping
faster.

"Mr Jones this woman is superb, a lovely fuck, her cunt muscle are as good as
her throat, are you going to relieve yourself, I'm sure Mrs Templeton will
accommodate your needs".
Jones deliberately stood in Pauline's line of vision as he took the tube of gel
from the case and spread it on his fingers, "If you could do the honours Mr
Smith".
Smith tugged the hard nipples forward, Pauline felt Jones push fingers between
her ass cheeks, she pulled back, "No, god no not that".

Jones went to the case took a pair of pliers and handed them to Smith. Jones
held Pauline as the pliers bit in to her nipple, as Smith pulled he said, "Come
here Mrs Templeton, it's pointless to fight the inevitable".
"Please no, I'll do anything else but aahhh no don't hurt me" Smith carried on
pulling her down, her nipple clamped firm in the jaws of the pliers.

Her face was now only inches from Smiths, her body still wiggled on Smiths cock
as he pumped her, keeping her aroused.
Smith let his legs open, allowing Jones to kneel between them, his fingers found
the hole he wanted, Smith smiled in to Pauline's face as he saw her eyes close
as she shook her head, "No, no please, I can't".

Both men laughed as they heard her gasp at the intrusion, Jones was pushing at
the tight entrance, Pauline was trying to keep him from fucking her ass but she
still felt a orgasm building in her .
Jones kept thrusting, holding her shoulders and pushing, the jell up her hole
started to coat the tip. The sensation was bringing Pauline closer to her
climax.

Jones felt himself breaking in to her ass, one quick pull on her shoulders and
he slid in filling her up until she thought she would burst. Jones banged in to
her as hard as he could. He rubbed his hands over he ass as he thrust in to her.
He dribbled spit down on to her stretched anus ring as he pushed in and out, he
could feel Smith fucking her cunt through the thin membrane.

Both men could hear her, her breathing becoming a pant, Smith's cock slid in so
easy as her fluid coated the hard fat meat, much as Pauline hated what the two
men were doing to her, her body bounced faster and faster until it went rigid as
her cunt flooded over Smith's cock and balls.
"I think Mrs Templeton is enjoying herself, shall we continue Mr Jones".
"I have every intention in enjoying this tight virgin ass-hole, a prize indeed
and Mr Smith, hopefully Mrs Templeton will want to cum again".

Pauline's head lay on Smith's shoulder she was totally sandwiched between the
two men as they continued fucking her, she just lay between them exhausted,
unable to stop their abuse and knowing that if they didn't stop soon another
multiple orgasm would consume her.

The two men worked themselves hard up her she couldn't help it as her feeling
started again. She was starting to moan but the two men blew their loads in to
her.
"I think she's getting hot again, Mr Jones".
"She's one hot horny little shag toy Mr Smith, who'd have thought it".
Jones pulled her off Smith, "Come on Mrs Templeton, up on the chair again".

Pauline panicked, "No please not that don't hurt me".
"We aren't going to hurt you, just get up there".
Pauline half climbed and was half pushed up on to the chair, Smith undid her
cuffs and stood in front of her, "We know your still hot so before you can get
down play with yourself".
"Oh no how could you, I've done enough, your disgusting".

Smith's hand slid between Pauline's legs and up to her cunt rubbing his thumb on
her clit, she tried to push his hand away but he held her fingers and made her
rub her self.
"That's it, give yourself a fingering, lets see you finger fuck".

Jones pushed his hand between her legs from behind and tickled her cunt, "You
heard Mr Smith, fuck yourself".
Pauline's fingers toyed with her nub, the men could see how wet her fingers were
already. As she worked on herself for the perverted pleasure of the men, her
eyes shut which was the que for Jones to get up behind her and slip the noose
back around her neck, before she knew the rope was retied off around the
radiator.

She struggled looking at the two men in disbelief, "Why have you done that, I'm
doing what you want".
Smith handed her a vibrator, "We know but now you can please us more by fucking
yourself with that".
"Shall we sit on the bed and enjoy the spectacle, Mr Smith".
"Oh yes Mr Jones, it's nice to look up at this little show, kind of get a
vibrators eye view up that hole".

Pauline stood on the chair pumping the plastic cock in and out of her cunt, the
two men watched as she drew closer to her climax. Her juice started to run down
the plastic over her fingers, she moaned as she started to climax, driving the
rod faster in to herself, she threw her head back as she shuddered to her
orgasm.
Smith kicked the chair away.

It only took half a minute for Pauline to stop kicking, the vibrator clattered
to the floor. Smith and Jones stood up, "Lets get the bed sorted first, find her
a robe and dress her, she would never have hung herself naked".

Smith and Jones remade the bed, cleaned and tided the room, Jones put the dirty
bed linen and torn clothes in to the case. He took the writing pad, opened it to
her note then placed it on the dressing table along with the pen. Smith checked
that there were no marks on her wrist's, "Mr Jones did you wash the cum out of
her ass as well as her cunt".
"Yes, and it was still warm, she was a fun fuck, still we have solved all her
problems".
Smith gave the bedroom a last look over, "Indeed Mr Jones, it's a difficult job
but some-one has to do it, I've checked the rest of the house, it's clean, shall
we go".

Williams sat at the desk, he opened the envelope and counted the 300 again,
smiled at the thank you note from Smith and Jones, the phone rang, "Hello
Samaritans can I help"?

                                                                             
Pagan.




Copy-right, Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk


                     Another short story about Pauline's

                                        The Perils of Pauline 10.


                                Pauline Brown.

Was it only Wednesday I was looking at the racing page, the 12.20 at
Springfield, Hard Days Night at 500 to 1, I thought just imagine that coming in.
I looked in the sideboard draw, yes it was there, a ?50 note, I knew Daniel had
left me that to pay the milk bill, could I bluff my way out of that for another
week, I had bluffed most of the debt collectors why not again, I grabbed the
note, put my coat on and went off to the bookies.
Half an hour later I was back home I had the slip in one hand and a coffee in
the other, this win would sort all my problems out, as I took a sip I wondered
just how many times I had thought that in the year I had been married.

I poured another cup and planned my day. First, lets think who was due today,
it's Wednesday the 13th, that's right Daniel was due back on the 15th that's
Friday, so second Wednesday, middle of the month, so it's that nice Mr Ferguson
from the Furniture Warehouse, we ordered a lot there when we set up home almost
all our furniture, tele, video, washer, spin drier, and the fridge, ooppps
almost forgot, there was the computer as well, how could I forget that, without
it's contents Daniel's job would be imposable.

He will have a cup of coffee, I'll give him some excuse, Tell him how sorry I am
then take a letter from his firm to give to Daniel threatening court action. If
my husband ever found out how much we still owed after all the money he has
given me to pay for our luxuries, but lets be honest, I'm just having a poor run
on the horse's and I was sure if I bought lots of lottery lines I would win more
then that pathetic amount I did, still there's always tonight, could be a
roll-over and I'm sure to win with 200 lines and then I'll pay them all off and
have money to burn.

I was just thinking how nice it would be for Daniel not to have to work so hard,
after all he is twice my age, I laughed at the thought of him having a bit more
stamina in the bedroom department, maybe enough to break the bed and then we
could buy a nice big sexy four poster. I was lost in the thoughts of Daniel
having some kinky ideas when there was a knock at the door.

I looked through the curtains, nothing, a voice shouted, "Competition delivery
for Mrs P Brown", a prize, I'd won a prize and rushed at the door and swung it
open.
"Hello, I'm Mrs Pauline Brown".

A tall thick set man pushed in to the door way, "Good Morning Mrs Pauline Brown
is Mr Daniel Brown in"?
I was a bit taken a back, "No he's away but you said a competition delivery for
me", he smiled and raised the clipboard he had in his hand, "I said compensation
delivery, let me explain, I'm from the Furniture Warehouse may I come in"?

 As I made way for him to come in I thought shit where's the nice old man, but I
thought quickly and asked, "Mr Ferguson ill, such a nice man".
"No I'm Mr Barber, Mr Ferguson is no longer with the firm, seems he was a little
lax in his job, I'm here to get results, with that in mind I think we should sit
down".

I sat opposite, I could tell my short skirt meet with his approval and hopefully
my tight jumper would keep his mind off any problems I may have and besides I
always wear clothes that show off my body, I'm proud of it, I did win some
beauty pageants some years ago.

He finished eyeing me up and down and raised his clipboard, "You owe my firm
?4,876. 44 and we need payment", I started to splutter but he carried on, "You
have had enumerable reminders of which you have ignored, have you the money"?

I tried to remain calm, "My I didn't realize it was that much but still my
husband has the money, he was going to leave a cheque but forgot, he will be
back on Friday and we can come down to the warehouse and sort this little
problem out", I smiled and thought, that should hold him, now give me the letter
and get out so I can think.

He didn't move, instead he looked toward the window, "Take a look outside Mrs
Brown", I rose, pulling my skirt down and went to the window, a huge removal van
sat outside, there was a knock on the door, before I had time to move he got up
and opened the door, two large men in overalls marked Furniture Warehouse walked
in.

He returned to the seat, sit down gentlemen, we still have some things to
discuss with Mrs Brown, I looked out at the van once more then went a stood in
front of the fireplace.
"So we are going to get it all, in it's entirety on Friday, is that correct", I
could feel the sarcasm in his voice, I smiled and nodded, he smiled back at me,
"Good that's settled then", I breathed I sigh of relief.

He suddenly said, "There you can make arrangements to have this furniture and
all other goods returned to you". I was stunned, he turned to the two men, "Get
it loaded".
They stood up, I know I shouldn't but I shouted, "No, no wait eerrr please we
must talk".

They sat down again, Mr Barber looked at me, "What is there to talk about that
we haven't talked about already"? He knew I was lying but with my best sweet
girly look I carried on, "Look, that's silly, why waste time lugging all this
stuff out only to lug it back again, doesn't make sense, besides you big strong
men must have other things to do".

Barber put his clipboard down intertwined his fingers and pushed back in to the
chair, "Makes sense to us and it will to our boss, or we give you this, it's a
court order, for you to attend the county court on the 3rd of next month to face
criminal charges", he took a delight in reading allowed, "Furniture Warehouse
verses Brown for unpaid debts totalling ?4876.44".  

They sat silently looking at me, my brain raced, the computer all Daniels work,
everything, how would I explain that I had gambled away our money, our home, we
would have to start all over again, that's if Daniel stayed with me. They were
waiting for me to cry, I wanted to but I thought lets go for the sympathy vote.

"Look Mr Barber can I be honest with you, I did have the money but I lost it".
I noticed the other two men lay back on the sofa as though they had heard it all
before but I carried on.

"I had a few tips for the horse's well you know what it's like, your partners
away a lot and you want something to do so I had a flutter and one thing lead to
another, well I lost and then tried to win it back but got deeper in to trouble"

Barber loosened his tie, "?4000 is a lot of trouble and hubby is going to give
us a cheque on Friday, I think not".
I felt myself pleading, "No, maybe not the full amount but at least we can come
together and sort things out".

Barber looked at the men, " Gentlemen, looks like we are still loading the
wagon, best get started".
Tears burst through and I started to beg, "No, no, no, please all his work is on
the computer, our life is wrapped up in this house, you can't, please no, what
can I do"?

The men sat back, Barber looked at me, "Well while us big strong men think of
other things to do, you can get us a drink to start with".

As I opened the drinks cabinet I read the label inside, Furniture Warehouse, was
I in trouble or what, I poured three brandies and turned to them, "I have brandy
is that all right"?
Barber said, "That will be fine, for starters, aren't you having one"? I smiled
back, "Yes of course, now what else can I get you, water, soda"? Barber took the
glass but held my hand around it and looked up at me. "Excited".

I pulled away, "What do you mean"?
His eyes never left me, "I said you can get me excited".

I was now back at the fireplace, "I'm sorry I still don't understand".

He slowly undid the buttons on his coat, "Let me help you understand, do you
want us to take your stuff"? I went to speak but he carried on, "I think not, we
have set aside some time to move your stuff so we have time on our hands, I
think so".

He flicked his coat open, "So you keep us entertained for the time we have here
so we can think about what we are to do when we get back, because we don't want
to get in bother because of you, don't you think so"?
I was scared now there were three men between me and the door, things looked
bad, my brain was trying to get me out of this when, "You have been pointing
those fine tit's at me for the past half an hour, get me excited, show them to
me".

My mouth opened in shock and my arms folded across my chest, he looked at the
two men, "Tim the computer box", one of them got up moved the screen on top of
the computer to the side and lifted the box, he held it above his head, Barber
looked back at me, "Got smashed on the way down the stairs, pity about the hard
drive".

My hands went from my chest to my mouth, "You wouldn't that's my husbands life's
work, you", he just nodded, "Now when you show me your fine tit's tell me you
want to".
I was beaten, I took a last look at the box above the mans head, lowered my arms
and gripped the bottom of my jumper and pulled it over my head, I stood there.

"That's a bra that I can see, I want to see flesh and you know what to you say,
" I, I'm going to shhh, show you my tit's", he nodded as I put my hands behind
my back and undid my bra strap.
It clicked undone and I slid the straps off my shoulders, my hands instinctively
went over my breasts, he smiled, "Walk towards me and repeat, "I want Barber to
suck my nipples because I'm a prick tease".

My situation was hopeless, I couldn't do anything but play their perverted game,
the alterative was unthinkable. Trembling with fear I slowly stepped forward,
cleared my throat and said those awful words, "I want Barber to suck my
nipples".
"Go on".
"Because I'm a prick tease". He got up from the seat and sat on the arm, I
approached him and stopped, he looked at my breasts then at me, "Lift them up
and say it again".
I placed my hands under my breasts and lifted them, the nipples pointing at his
face and said those horrid words again, "I want Barber to suck my nipples
because I'm a prick tease.

For a second he grinned at me then latched his mouth over my right nipple and
sucked, he pulled back and licked at the swollen bud before moving to the left
nipple and doing the same, then back to the first, repeating again and again
until my nipple stood out and hard.

Then he sat back, I stood in front of him still holding my breasts like a pair
of sacrificial offerings, he slowly licked his lips, "Why are you a prick
tease"? I shook my head, "I'm not, really I'm not".
"You wear your skirt's very short, do you like men to look at your legs"? I
blurted out, "It's fashionable".

"I bet you sit there watching them look at your legs, you know what their
thinking don't you"?
I thought play the game girl, it's your only chance they have got to go soon,
"What nice legs I've got", he shook his head, "Try again".
I was stood naked from the waist up, holding my breasts, I knew this man wanted
dirty answers, he was humiliating me, trying to scare me, getting back at me for
lying so I said, "They want to look up my skirt and get to see what colour pants
I have on".

"Lets go one further, how about they want to put their hand up your skirt and
get a feel of what you got up there, don't you think"? I nodded, "Yes that's
possible, it could be that".
"That's what I wanted to do when you were sat in front of me and I bet, you
being a betting woman that's what you wanted me to, hubby being away and all
that".

This was getting out of hand, "I didn't think anything of the sort", he lent
forward, "Well I think it was and as I'm calling the shot's that's what you are
going to ask for next".
We stared at each other, his eyes fastened to mine, "Get on with it or the box
fly's".

How long were they going to stay, what could I do, if I stopped playing this
game Daniels life, no both our lives would be in ruin, I took a deep breath, "I
want Barber to put his hand up my skirt", he shook his head, "Why do you only
say half the sentence".
 I swallowed, "And have a feel of what I have up there, satisfied".
 His hands went to my knees, "No but I will be soon".

I felt his hand slide up under my skirt, I still stood there holding my breasts,
he rubbed around my thigh, "Tell Tim and Steve what I'm doing, in detail", I had
tried not to look at them but now I turn my head to see two grinning face's, the
box was back on the table but they weren't looking at me more devouring my body
with their eyes.

"He's, he's rubbing around my thighs and stroking my inner thigh with his thumb,
his sliding up behind me and, no, no please don't", he pinched my leg hard,
"Keep telling them".
"He's pulling at my panty bottoms, he's got  a finger inside my pants and is
touching, no, no, touching my backside. He's putting all his fingers in to my
pants and stroking my bottom, now, no please stop, he, he's moving around my
hips".

I could feel him moving towards the front of my pants, my skirt was bunched up,
they could see my pants, I went to move back but he gripped me and pulled me
back, "Carry on Mrs Brown".
"He is now moving towards the front of my pants and, oh no please not, no,
ooohhh".

His voice was almost horse, "Tell them and tell them now".
I half cried it out, "He's touching my pubic hairs, stroking them, his thumbs,
aahhh, are between my legs he's touching my, my".
"Your cunt lady I'm touching your juicy tight cunt".

I sobbed at the words, "My cunt", his fingers squeezed at the hood, "And you
like it don't you Pauline Brown, go on tell them".
"I, I like it", his thumbs worked on me, "Go on tell them what you like", there
was no escape I had no option but to say, "I like my cunt played with, I like it
squeezed, aahh no please no", he was pushing further between my legs.

"Say your enjoying having your cunt played with so much, in fact so much that
you want Steve to do the same to your ass, you want him to put his hand up the
back of your skirt and play with your hot horny ass because you're a slut, a
horny assed slut".

I was shaking, "Please don't make me say that, please stop what your doing, it
isn't right". He wouldn't stop, in fact he pushed further, "You say it, what you
have done is not right so this is our way of pay back, say it".

"I, I like my cunt played with, I like it so much, it makes,  oooohhh me so wet
I want, aahh, I want my ass played with too. Steve, please put your hand up my,
up, aahh my skirt and play with my ass, because I'm a hot horny assed slut, ohh
no".

Steve didn't need telling twice his hand went on to the back of my knees and
slid upwards, he put his hand under my skirt, which was almost round my waist
and pushed inside my pants and started to stroke all over my round firm ass,
sliding down to the crack over my hole and I still had my breasts in my hand.

"O K Pauline Brown why don't you ask Tim to suck on them nice big tit's you got
in your hands, and tell him you'll hold them while he does".
The hands behind and in front pushed between my legs as I looked at Tim, as if
under some order I said, "Please come and suck on my tit's, I'll hold them for
you while you do my nipples all over with your tongue".  

I stood in the middle of my sitting room with three men enjoying my body and I
felt my body starting to enjoy it's self, this was an unforeseen problem, now I
had to work out how was I going to get out of this.

Barber looked up at me, he could just see me past Tim's sucking mouth working on
my left breast, "O K Brown you seem to have got the idea, now you go back and
stand by that fireplace, take the rest of your clothes off and do exactly what
we tell you or the computer and everything else is history".

As my body was getting very aroused I was grateful when they suddenly stopped
abusing me, they were all looking at me and the look in their face's scared me,
I looked at Barber, "You can't make me do anything, I will tell".
He laughed and unnervingly so did the other two, "Tell what, tell who, we came
here to take back your stuff, you came on to us, didn't you, you stupid bitch
but we refused your advances and you threatened to tell people we raped you if
we didn't go. So it's your word against ours, besides, be honest who's going to
believe a compulsive liar like you, no slut we win all ways, now get over by the
fireplace and do what I said".

As I turned towards the fireplace I realized how hopeless my position was, I
looked down at my large naked breasts, took a deep breath, turned and faced
them.
Barber had taken his coat off and was staring at me, "Come on Brown strip off,
lets have a good look at what you have, lets see what you got".

Just then Tim spoke and it frightened me, "You mean lets see what we got".
I half turned from their eyes only to be told to face the fireplace, they wanted
to get a good look at my ass as I took my skirt and pants down, I felt sick at
the thought of these three men watching me, again the alternative was just as
unthinkable.

I peeled my pants off and dropped my skirt as quick as possible, then just stood
facing the wall until told to turn round, I closed my eyes to the leering looks.
I heard Barber, "Well Pauline Brown, you are a magnificent sight, read this", a
piece of paper was handed to Tim then to Steve and on to me, I looked at it, "No
need to read it, just repeat it out loud".

I started, "I feel so ashamed that I made Mr Barber suck my tit's that I feel I
should return the complement by, I can't no I can't do that", I looked at
Barber, he sat there grinning at me, "Go on".
My brain seemed to answer me by saying, O K  you're the clever one, what's else
you going to do, watch your life go out through the door.

Stifling a sob I carried on, "I should return the complement by sucking his
cock".
Barber eased himself down the chair, "Well how unexpected, but if you feel you
must, you must, come over here and ask me nicely". 

Totally naked, apart from my little high heels and feeling alone and dejected I
slowly walked over to him, "Please Mr Barber may I suck your cock".
I stood there looking down at him, his face was a sneer of total victory, "Well
then, don't just stand there, get on your knees and I'm sure you know how to
undo a belt and pull a zip down, and with those same lovely little fingers go in
search of what your mouth craves".

I knelt in front of him, undid his belt and zip then put my hand inside his
trousers until I felt the flesh of his cock, it was so hard, I pulled at it
until it sprung free, it was all of 10 inch's, I could put both my little hands
around it's length and still the fierce blue head awaited me.

I swallowed and lowered my mouth over the head, it was so big as I tried to lick
under it, I felt his hand on the back of my head as he announced to the others,
"A lovely warm mouth, a joy to be in there", I gagged a little as I felt him
push my head down further over it.

He scooped my hair to the back of my head and held it tight, his hips pushed up
forcing his cock further in to my mouth, "Come on Mrs Brown, start sucking you
don't want me to start driving this monster of mine down the back of your
throat, or do you"?

I couldn't imagine anything worse so I sucked hard and tried to work it in and
out between my lips, hoping he would be excited enough to cum quickly, he was.
Soon I felt him building and soon I was drinking juice from his cock, I had to
swallow a lot before he would release my hair.

I knelt back looking at him, he handed me another piece of paper and nodded.
"Thank you very much Mr Barber for letting me suck your cock, I enjoyed it so
much I want to do the same for Tim. Tim may I suck your cock and swallow all
your juice".

I had gone past caring as I undid the belt on Tim's trousers and got his cock
out, thicker but not as long I thought as I slid my mouth over it and started to
suck again, I don't think my body was aroused but it wasn't so bad this time.

I finished sucking him, swallowing another mans cream and as I raised my head I
knew there would be another note and soon I was sucking again, my third blow-job
in half an hour.
As I finished him I knelt on the floor between them, Barber was busy writing, I
looked at him then to the clock it was three in the afternoon why weren't they
going, suddenly Barber thrust another note in my hand, I read out loud.

"Thank you all for fucking my mouth and I hope I pleased you, would one of you
like to take me upstairs", I stopped and looked at Barber, he smiled at me and
almost whispered, "You pays, or in your case didn't pay your money and takes
your chance, if you don't like it, you shouldn't have joined, now get on with
it".

"Would one of you like to take me upstairs where you can fuck me on my bed,
please I'm begging you I need a fucking, I have a very wet juicy cunt that needs
a big hard cock stuck well up it, I need to be used so take me up there, I will
lay on the bed with my legs open and you can do what ever you want to me now". I
let the paper fall to the floor as Barber looked at Tim, I could see he had a
huge hard on, Tim got up, turned me towards the door, pushed me through and up
the stairs.

We went in to the bedroom, Tim bent beside me, "That looks like one of our
beds", I didn't answer him but he didn't stop, "Well remember what you said, up
you go and lets see that hole you have invited me in to".
I climbed on the bed as I did Tim fingered me between my legs, he laughed as I
jumped forward turned and glared at him, "You're a little touchy for some-one
who has begged for a fucking and is about to get one, get on all fours, fuck
what you like it's what I like that matters and holding on to you tit's while
banging you doggy style is just what I want".

As I turned and knelt on my bed my head filled with one thought, this used to be
my favourite position for getting laid, it had been a while as Daniel liked me
to ride him, how would I feel. I felt Tim climb on behind me.

I heard him say, "What a fantastic sight", and he slapped my naked ass three
times, I squealed. I squealed again this time as his cock forced it self in to
me, much to my surprise I was wet enough for him to slid in all the way, as he
shoved in to the hilt I felt that same feeling I used to feel, that feeling of
arousal as the fat cock filled me, touching me in just that spot, I groaned.

He started pumping at me, in and out, just far enough then back up me, touching
me, sending shock waves through me, he powered in to me harder and harder, I
couldn't help it, first a quite moan then as he fucked me harder and faster my
body responded and I pushed back, trying to get as much up me, as much cock to
touch me.

My moans became louder and he knew it, his hands came round and pulled on my
rock hard nipples, I squealed in open lust, then to my shame I heard myself tell
him to fuck me, I was pleading with him to fuck me hard, to fuck me fast, I was
saying things like, "Come on give it to me you wanted me then fuck me, give it
to me," suddenly he did, filling me with himself, I fell forward and I was
disgusted to think I wanted more.

He didn't bother dressing he just marched me down stairs like a prize, he showed
me off to his mates telling them what a hot assed slut I was. He squeezed my
nipples showing them that they were still hard, then the bastard played with my
cunt, tickling me, I squirmed, I wanted to stop him but my body wanted that
touch.

Barber looked at Steve, "Take the hot assed slut back upstairs, she looks like
she will give you a good time, you make her do what ever you want, I'll make a
phone call while you enjoy fucking her".
Once again I was on my bed, Steve was the cruder of the two, he stripped off and
got on the bed with me, "Play with it, have some wet cunt on your fingers, lets
see how hot we can get you".
As he squeezed my tit's I played with myself, I was horny and my own stimulation
was having an effect, I found myself rubbing hard, while this sniggering lout
lay on the bed playing with my tit's watching me.

He could see I was aroused, he asked, "Your cunt not getting enough cock from
your hubby then", I tried to ignore but he demanded I answer, I struggled not to
look as though I was getting hot, "He's a, away a lot but we do when he's home".
"Do you pay off any more debts by letting them fuck you".
"Naa, no I'm not like that".
"Oh come on lady you fuck at the drop of a hat, you're a slut you like other
cocks up your cunt, I bet your at it all the time when he's away, we know he's
not back till Friday and you will love being fucked as long as we are here, come
on lets see some wet fingers".
"Yo, your wra, wrong I, oohh I, love my aahh hub, husband".
He grabbed my hand and stuck it in my open mouth, "That's what you love a wet
cunt, now hold them lips open, I'm going to fuck you".

He climbed on top of me and pushed past my fingers in to me, "Tickle my balls
slut, and keep your arms together, squash them tit's out, I want me some nipple
to suck on".
He fucked me harder than Tim, I was soon pushing my hips up as he ploughed in to
me, his mouth relentlessly sucked on my nipples as I found myself clutching his
balls and pulling him in me, I was saying some disgusting things.
"Fuck me, come on, fuck me, bite me, use me, I need it, fuck me you bastard,
take it all, harder, harder I love a big cock fucking me".
He came; I lay there almost sobbing at the thought of what I had asked these
strangers to do to me, worst of all knowing I had enjoyed them.

He pushed me back in to my sitting room, he laughed at Barber, "Still hot and
horny, you going to have her next"? Barber looked at him then at me, he spoke to
Steve but his eyes never left mine.
"Oh I'm having her, we all are, all night, I've made up some cock and bull story
for the warehouse. We have broken down, we will be back at the depot in the
morning after we have tried again to apprehend the Browns, who were unavailable
today".
Steve laughed, "If that's unavailable I'd like to have some of her when she is".

I dropped to my knees, "Please no you can't, not all night".
"You kneel there much longer and you'll have a cock in your mouth, now get up
and get back upstairs, you're a good looking woman and I intend to use all of
you all night and half of tomorrow so lets not waste time".

He pulled me up and held me tight to him, pushed his face into mine and then
kissed me, he kissed me very hard, he mashed his mouth against mine until I
opened my mouth and let him tongue the inside of my mouth, he was very rough,
the way I like it, I couldn't help but let him use me and he knew I was unable
to stop him.

He slapped my ass all the way back upstairs until he was kissing me again only
this time he was naked and we were laying on my bed. His hands caressed me,
played with me, yes aroused me again.
I lay there with him finger fucking me with two fingers while he tongue fucked
my mouth and to increase my pleasure he had ordered me to play with my own tits.
I pulled at my nipples, as they grew hard between my finger and thumb. His
expert fingers had me humpin my cunt into his hand and my mouth greedily sucked
his tongue in.

He pulled his face away and looked at my body squirming on the bed, "We are
going to fuck you senseless tonight and we will make sure you are forced to
enjoy every moment, you fucking slut", he closed his mouth over mine as I tried
to say no. 

His fingers fucked me as his thumb rubbed my hood, my legs were wide open as I
let him work on me, getting me hotter, he knew I was becoming his plaything.
The next time he spoke was, "Do you want me to fuck you Pauline Brown" I gasped
a "Yes", his fingers still played with me, "Do you think your husband will mind
if I fuck his wife", I could see he was going to humiliate me but I still told
him I wanted him to fuck me.

"Get on your knees, I here you fuck well on all fours like the bitch on heat you
are", I scrambled round on to my knees, "That's it bitch get that cunt up in the
air, spread your knees and move your ass so I can see  all of it".

I was so far gone I did everything he told me, I felt him behind me, he placed
his hand on my back and pushed me down on to the bed, my cunt now all his to do
with as he liked.
He pushed in to my wet dripping hole, I moved my hips around as he had ordered
then he drove fully in to me, his ten inch's filling me, I was uncontrollable,
he started to fuck me.

I groaned as my hips bucked back on to him, he was driving me to a very quick
climax, I squealed and begged him to bang me harder, I was delirious and loving
it. He moved so fast, one second he was pumping my cunt full the next he held my
hips firm pulled out of my cunt and rammed it up my ass.

I had only had anal sex once before, many years ago as an experiment with a
boyfriend and I didn't like it but this time it was different.
I put my hands back to stop him, he just grabbed them twisted them up my back
and held them in one hand, pressing them in to my back as his free hand slid
under me and started to play with my cunt again.

He fucked my ass at such a pace I couldn't help but like it, he was playing with
my cunt driving me towards another orgasm.
I came, spurting my juice over his hand, he didn't stop he just held my waist
and carried on driving in to my ass, I was so hot I came again long before I
felt his hot juice fill my ass. As he finished with me I crumpled on to the bed,
as he let me go he laughed saying, "Well Mrs Brown I bet your old man don't get
a response like that when he fucks you, I bet he don't even know you take a good
fucking up the ass, you really are a hot assed slut with any man.

I looked round at him, only to see the other two stood by the door watching me,
they were both naked and had hard long cocks, they moved towards me I panicked
and turned trying to say no.
Steve grabbed my feet and pulled me towards him, then he slid his arms under my
legs and pulled them up exposing my swollen well fucked ass-hole, he looked at
me and then between my legs, "I'll have some of that".

I felt the tip of his cock pressing on my sore ring, pushing in I shook my head
and tried to say no but Tim climbed on the bed beside me held my hair and pulled
my chin round before squeezing it open and forcing his cock in my mouth, "Suck
on this and shut the fuck up while we fuck the slut again", the pair of them
drove their cocks in to me and started fucking me again.

The fight went out of me as they both started to use me again. I was flat on my
back my head held to the side with a cock stuck in my mouth, my legs were on
Steve shoulders as he buried his cock up my ass and to make the whole thing
worse Barber lay sucking my nipples his right hand playing with my cunt. I
couldn't stop them doing me, my entire body shook with the excitement of another
climax.

They must have fucked me and played with my body for at least another hour, I
suddenly found myself alone, I staggered to the toilet, as I wiped myself I
found that just the touch of the paper aroused me, what had they done to me, my
body was on fire, all I could think about was sex.

I sat alone in my bedroom, had they gone, was that it, what were they going to
do about the debt, my questions were soon answered, no they hadn't gone, they
walked in, full brandy glass's in hand, Barber lead the insults, "So the cock
hungry slut is back with us, you look a little sticky, want some more"?

They gathered round me, I couldn't look them in the face after what I had done,
I knew I felt so ashamed but as I looked straight ahead all I could see were
cocks, three of them, all of them smelt of me.
They were semi-erect, there was something mesmerizing about the way they looked,
fat and swaying, like snakes about to pounce on their victim.

Barber gathered my hair up and held it in a bunch on top of my head, "Well look
at the clever Pauline Brown, the little lady who thinks she can take with out
paying, thinks she can enjoy the nice things of life with paying the piper".
He pulled my head back so I was forced to look up at him, "Right then my naked
whore, you can start sucking the pipers, and don't give us the sad eyes we all
know you can't wait to get all your holes filled with cock again, so start with
the mouth, do you want a drink"?

I stared up at him, "Please", he laughed and dipped the end of his cock in to
his brandy, pulled my head towards the dripping purple end, "Alright Brown, down
the hatch".
As I took his cock in to my mouth Tim sat beside me, his hands immediately
pulled and squeezing my tit's. He whispered in my ear, "We been talking we
reckon you must have some sexy undies, reckon we could dress up real sexy for us
to have some fun with later".

 Steve knelt and pushed my legs apart, his fingers enjoying free access to my
cunt, soon, infact to soon I was hot, ready and waiting to be fucked again, he
knew it as he said, "You ready to give us some pleasure with this hot little
cunt of yours as well as all the other place's".

It must have been four in the morning when they finally decided to get some
sleep, I was almost unconscious, they had used me relentlessly for almost five
hours and in that five hours I knew things had been done to me that I wouldn't
believe I would let happen. I felt a sob raise in my throat as I remember that,
like the slut they had called me, Barber had been right, my body had been forced
to enjoy everything.

As I start remembering how my humiliation began that night I literally feel
sick, I remember Barber as he stood above me ramming his 10 inch cock in my
mouth, he laughed as he said to the other two men who were fingering me and
pinching at my nipples.

"I wonder what Mr Brown is doing now, is he sitting in some hotel lobby with a
drink sorry that he had left his pretty wifey all alone and bored, or is he
maybe reading a book in bed thinking his lovely Pauline is doing the same,
little does he know that the lovely Pauline, his pretty wifey is sucking men's
cocks and letting, no begging them to fuck her cunt and ass, does he know what a
cock hungry slut he is married to"?

As I tried to get as much of Barbers cock down my throat I thought of my poor
Daniel, how he trusts me and how I had let him down, they were really raping me,
I didn't want them to do this to me, it was that I couldn't resist them, I was
trying I really was, as I thought that I suddenly realized I had slid forward on
the bed and was sitting on Steve's hand, his fingers were now trapped up me and
I was rocking back and forth on them fucking myself with them and, to my disgust
starting to feel another climax.

For the next five hours I was their plaything, their whore, as they forced me to
enjoy every perversion they could think of.
The fucking became mandatory, in the mouth cunt, ass and between my tit's, the
more times they fucked me the more I had to do it, they stopped fucking my mouth
and just stood or lay while I blow-jobbed them. I ended up on top bouncing up
and down on their hard cocks while they kept me hot by playing with my clit and
tickling me. They even took delight in all three of them taking me, but I still
had to bounce back on to a cock up my ass and cunt while ramming my head back
and forth on Steve's meat that was stuck in my mouth.

Then their warped minds took to trying out variations of fucking, seeing how
many different positions I could be fucked in, on my shoulders with my ass and
cunt up, against the wall with my legs around their waist, or walked around
impaled on a cock, my ass offered to another cock or object. Some of them hurt
like hell but how I felt was the last thing that worried them.

Even as they got themselves ready to take me again they wouldn't let me rest. I
was made to dress up in sexy clothes then strip. Or in sexy underwear and parade
around for them, the made me sit on the floor and fuck myself with different
objects, you can not imagine the degradation of men laughing at you while you
climax with a long bottle stuck up your cunt knowing it was you that had fucked
yourself with it, just for the enjoyment.

They woke me at about nine this morning just to fuck me again, then I made
breakfast for them, Barber handed me the court summons, asked me if he wanted
them to take the furniture, I told him of course not, he laughed, "That will
cost you if we don't".

Three long blowjobs later they left. You wonder why I'm sitting here on my sore
ass, looking at my chewed nipples telling you this, well it's for any ladies who
find themselves in the position of having to be fucked and unable to tell
any-one. Ladies there is always a way out of it if you don't panic.

If I hadn't panicked I would have turned the radio on at 12.30 yesterday, that
would have been half an hour before they started fucking me and tuned to the
racing programme, I'd have heard that the biggest upset was on the cards as the
favourite at Springfield got beaten by a 600 to 1 outsider called, A Hard Days
Night which believe me I had certainly just been forced to endure, oh and no I
won't be spending any of my ?35,000 winnings at the Factory Warehouse.

                                                                       Pagan.




Copy-right, Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

                            Another short story by Pagan.

                      The Perils of Pauline 11

                        Pauline Lile.



Ralph Huggett, a simple bear like halfwit, lay across the sofa, "Chuck us
another can". On the other side of the room Sidney Dyson bent over the arm of
the chair pulled a can from the plastic ring and threw it across the room.
Ralph pulled at the top ring opening the can. The larger spurted out the top
soaking his already filthy shirt, "You fucking dick head, you deliberately threw
that, fuck look at me half of it's down my shirt you shit, you fucking ass
holing shit".

Sid smiled, "Then next time my dear fellow, get the fucking tin yourself I ain't
no slave, anyway shut the fuck up I'm watching the news".
The newscaster looked his mournful best as he announced that today the burial
had been a family concern at the small church of St David in the Field at
Ultringham.
It was the burial of Sergeant Roy Lile, killed when his jeep was blown up on
active service in Iraq, the family are from this area and his wife Pauline has
asked that now is her time to be alone her time to remember and be left to
greave in piece, Sergeant Lile had only been married for seven months, at that
point a picture flashed on to the screen of him and his wife. 

Ralph almost fell of the sofa, "Will you look at that, fucking hell, eat your
heart out Buffy what the fuck would he want to go to war and leave a piece of
fucking like that for, god what I could do to that cunt, where are you little
babe I need your cunt", then Ralph swallowed the other half of the can.
Sid lent forward, under the table and pulled out the telephone directory,
flicked through to L and took thirty seconds to say, "Forty two, Victoria
Terrace, Orchard Grove, Ultringham, she don't even live on the base"

Ralph crushed the empty can, threw it at the waste bin and missed, belched and
asked, "So what, clever fuck".
Sid dropped the directory on the floor, "I thought you wanted to go see her, you
know, you said you could do something to that cunt of hers"?

There was a long silent pause before Ralph sat up, "How, I mean, what if, eerr
how would we see her"?

With sarcasm in his voice Sid said, "God you are thick, we would say we are old
friends of Roy's we brought you some flowers and would just like to say how
sorry, dee dar, dee dar and so on, its not rocket science, even for you", Sid
had dropped his can in the waste bin, took another from the pack, opened it and
took a swig before Ralph said, "You don't really think, we could, I mean do
you"?

Sid took a long drink from the can, looked him square in the eye and in his
superior voice said, "It would break the boredom of being stuck here with you
tomorrow, its got to be better than being with you any-day anyway remember
nothing ventured nothing gained and all to play for".
Ralph got up, his huge frame paced around the room, "But what if some ones
there, I mean she's just lost her husband, well a while ago but she would, you
know".
Sid didn't even look at him just carried on letting him ramble away, "You know
what, I mean, if there's some-one there we pay are respects and go, but it would
let us get a lay of the land, for future reference, but, you know, what if she's
home alone"?

Sid sat silent, thinking to himself, how did I get to lodge with this thicko, he
shook his head before he downed another beer, at least it's cheap, thicko does
pay for most.
  Ralph muttered to himself, "We got what we would need, just in case she didn't
want to be friendly straight away, just to stop her shouting and moving, you
know, and my best trousers are clean, ya I even have a clean shirt, ya why not,
lets visit".

Sid turned a looked at him, "You're not joking, your fucking serious aren't
you"?
Ralph was really worked up, "Ya as you say nothing ventured, nothing gained,
lets do it lets go tomorrow, I'll bring the bag you get the flowers, here I got
money".
Sid carried on drinking, he thought even if we went there it will be crawling
with press and relatives, so where's the harm in humouring him and anyway we'd
be out, get to a bar, old thicko could get the beers in.

Sid carried a rather nice arrangement of carnations, Ralph almost dwarfed him as
he walked beside with a small rucksack, Ralph almost in a whisper said, "You can
see why they call it Orchard Grove, lovely trees", they turned in to Victoria
terrace, the house was easy to spot, the curtains were drawn.

Sid was surprised to see how quiet it was, no car anywhere, no flowers, and
amazingly no people, he felt uneasy, somewhere inside him he had hoped that this
wasn't going to happen, but Ralph pushed on.
"Number forty two ya", Sid nodded to him, he walked up to it, as Sid arrived
behind him he said, "Now I'll do the talking", Ralph rang the bell.

The same beauty they had seen on the photo opened the door, "Look I'm sorry but
I just want to be on my own, just to be myself for a day or two, you understand
don't you".
Sid put on his best sorrowful look and just pushed the flowers to her, "We knew
Roy in the old days we just wanted to say sorry, he was an ace before the army,
always there for you and he was good to our friend here so he must have been the
best, and well, just sorry".

She took the flowers, "I'm sorry to be like this, but there has been so much
media and solders and I just couldn't cope any more, I never knew him before the
army, was he, well, oh this is ridiculous, how would you like a quick cup of
tea, I feel I've been so rude to everybody, but, well all this hero business you
know it's a bit over whelming, come in".

While she had been talking to Sid, Ralph had scanned every inch of her perfect
form. The sleeveless roll necked sweater did little to hid her able chest, the
pleated black skirt showed her rounded ass and sat nicely above the knee, her
bare shapely legs, lovely and white ran down to her neat ankles and her feet
were in-cased in tan ankle strapped sandals but the whole shape paled away when
Ralph studied her face, almost angel like with cascades of blond hair that
bounced on her shoulders as she moved, he followed Sid in.

Ralph closed the door, gave it a little pull to make sure the lock had dropped
and went through to the sitting room, the adrenalin in him was almost making him
sick, he smiled at Sid as she went in to the kitchen to make tea.
Soon she was back, she sat in a chair opposite, Ralph didn't say anything, it
took him all his time to say "Please and thank you", for the tea as he almost
dribbled at the sight of her perfect legs now showing a little more thigh, Sid
carried on his lies about knowing Roy.

It was though some one flicked a switch, clutching his rucksack, Ralph stood up
and walked towards Pauline, Sidney alerted himself to the danger.
" Look Pauline", she was taken by surprise that he had called her by her name,
"Look Pauline as you have no husband would you like to be my friend"? She put
her cup down, Sidney stood as well.

"All right Ralph, you can't ask a lady that sort of thing".
Ralph's eyes were transfixed on Pauline, "But that's why we came, you know, to
be friends and do things that she's been missing, that's what we agreed", she
was frightened.

Pauline slowly got up, cleared her throat, "Well it's been nice meeting you,
eerr both but you must excuse me, I'll show you the way out".
She went to move past Ralph but his arm was quick and accurate, it slid right
across her throat, crooked and pulled her back to him, locking over her
windpipe, her little delicate hands grabbed at him as she struggled to catch
breath in side the powerful grip.

Sid's first reaction was to put a stop to this but as he moved forward his mind
changed. Ralph was keeping the choke hold tight by having her slightly lifted,
her toes could just touch the floor making her legs tighten in to a perfect
shape, as she struggled and moved the skirt would ride up, giving a glimpse of
inner and outer strong firm thigh.
She was fighting for air, her large breast's rose and fell as she sucked in air,
her mouth, open in a straggled cry, it looked so adorable, her blond her tussled
round her face and Sid couldn't help but imagine it covering a pillow.

Sid stopped in front of her, Ssssshhh, don't fight him, he's to strong for me
let alone a pretty little thing like you, just relax and above all don't speak".
She was gasping for air but she stopped pulling at him.
"That's it, if you don't fight and don't speak he won't hurt, now just give me
one of you wrists", she looked at him, her big blue eyes wide with fear, Sid
smiled, "Would you like me to say please or would you like my friend to hang you
again"?

She started to mumble and cry at the same time, Sid picked up the rucksack, "For
the last time would you please give me a wrist and don't make a sound".
She pushed her left arm forward, as she did the phone rang, Ralph gripped her
tight again, she panicked trying to scream past the choking arm, Sid waited,
eight, nine rings and the answer-phone kicked in, "Hello, thank you for calling
but for the time being this phone will not be answered and for personal reasons
don't leave a message", the line went dead.

"Nicely put, now where were we, oh yes, if you wish my friend to stop then give
me your wrist", her face now white with fear she pushed her left arm forward,
Sid took a piece of thick black cord about four, four and a half feet long from
the rucksack, folded it in half over the extended wrist and tied it tight.

He had a condescending smile on his face, like he was talking to a child, "There
that wasn't difficult was it, now put both arms down, you can release her a
little", as her arms hung by her side Ralph lowered his arm enough for her to
stand flat.

Sid moved, this time he bent and picked up one length of the rope he let his
head brush her breasts as he stood, he looked at her and smoothed the top of his
hair, "Oopps that was interesting".
He bent beside the untied arm and reached behind her, his face inches from her
knee, he gazed at her lovely legs as he bent round for the other length of cord.

He pulled the left hand cord moving her left wrist about six, seven inches
behind her; then he fastened the cord to her right wrist, also tying off the
other cord around and in front, to her right wrist so her hands were held about
three inches behind her but firmly to her thighs.

"There now if you don't speak until we ask you, he will relax his grip and we
can all get along just fine and nobody will get hurt, nod if you understand", as
Ralph loosened his grip on her neck she sobbed and nodded, Sid clapped his hand,
"Good".

Ralph dropped his hands to her shoulders, gripping them so she knew she was
going nowhere, Sid kept looking at her, "Now what's next, oh yes those pretty
little ankles of yours, I promise I won't mark them, just move them about four
maybe five inches apart, just for me".

She opened her cute pouting lips and started to form the word, "Please", but
before she even got to "Pl" Ralph's hands closed around her throat and
silencesed her.
Sid watched her gasp for breath, "Now what did I say about talking, it's a no,
no and it will hurt, so just be a good girl and part them about four or five
inches, NOW".

He watched as her legs opened, he delved in to the rucksack and pulled out
another small length of cord and knelt down in front of her, he could almost
lick the dimples on her knees, he tied one ankle then left a four inch gap
before tying the other ankle, he took great delight in running his hand up both
calves before standing and looking at her terrified face.

"You're doing very well, shall we think what's next"?
She was trembling; she didn't know where to look she started to cry; then looked
at Sid, "Please no more, haven't I suffered enough"?

"Oh dear there was I thinking you were being good, but no, still it has answered
what's next", Sid put his hand in the rucksack, pulled out a Stanley cutter, she
squealed, Ralph's hand shoot across her mouth, Sid, as ever smiled and shook his
head, "No, no I wouldn't want to disfigure you, and you won't make me do that,
will you"? Pauline tried to shake her head.

Next he pulled out a roll of tape, it was in a very colourful holder, he looked
at Ralph as he brought it to her face, "I don't think Pauline will scream but
hold her throat, just in case", like a automated puppet Ralph lowered his hand
to her throat she took a deep breath, Sid carried on.

"Can you read what's written on this", she looked at it, Sid laughed, "No, I
want to hear you read it".
Pauline licked over her lips and read the roll, "Car, Carters Carpet tape, the
t, tape to seal any joint".
Sid took it and ran the cutter across it, peeling it off he side, "Lets see if
what they say is right".

Taking both ends of the cut tape length he pushed it up under her chin around
and up to ether side of her mouth, she stared at him, she tried a little
movement only to feel Ralph's hand tighten on her throat. Another strip was cut
and firmly plastered over her mouth and the first strip; then another, and
another, three strips covered her mouth and cheek holding the strip under her
jaw tight, Sid put the tape back in the sack, not looking at her he mockingly
said, "You can say something if you wish".

 A kind of mmmm sound but it came from her nose, Sid pressed the tape hard to
her face, "Good, no more silly talk, all right you may leave her to stand on her
own", he moved back as did Ralph, both men sat and stared up and their pretty
captive.

No one spoke the only sound was the sniffing of tears, little jerky breathing
accompanied by the odd muffled moan and all female, Sid suddenly said, "You are
one unbelievable beautiful woman, don't you agree my friend", Ralph was
obviously excited as he blurted out, "Fucking right Sid, a".

Sid slapped his hand down on the chair arm, "Oh thanks, I told you, I'll do the
talking why can't you listen, thanks a fucking lot you dick head why don't you
give her our address while you're at it, fuck, fuck, fuck".
Pauline stared at them, her mouth sealed shut all she could do was shake her
head, Sid looked at her, "Ya, ya you didn't hear, and I'm King Kong too, oh lady
what we going to do now, do you know why we are here"?

Unable to move any where she blinked a couple of times and waited, Sid stood up
and began to pace around the room, he stopped at the back of the chair, put both
hands on the chair back and looked at her, "Well I'll tell you".
He folded his arms and put his full weight on the chair, "Its like this,

"Me and my friend were sitting watching some tele when we heard some very sad
news", she looked down but Sid still continued, "We heard that there was a
beautiful piece of cunt that wasn't getting any cock", she looked back up at
him, "Yes my dear I mean it a beautiful bit of cunt, and I haven't even seen
it", there was a little pause before, "Yet".

She moaned a little as he carried on tormenting her, "My friend was the first to
suggest that we came round and did something to help you out, you know its only
human nature to want to help out in times of need and your need is great and we
really want to help, fill that gap if you see what I mean, so my friend would
like to show you just how much he appreciates the way you look", he looked at
Ralph, "It was my friend idea, I thought he was joking, I never thought we would
even meet you, but look who's got the last laugh", he could see the little
driblets of water slavering down Ralph's chin, "Well go on show the lady".

Ralph slowly stood, his large frame cast a shadow over the room; he moved toward
her, Pauline started to squeal in to her gag, she shuffled away pulling at her
wrist. The rope holding her wrists jerked up over her ass taking her skirt with
it, Ralph stopped and Sid moved forward on the chair as her legs were exposed
all the way to her panty line.

Her bound hands pushed and shoved at the skirt trying to get it to fold back
down but it was bunched up around the rope.
Sid was up and grabbing at the rucksack, he still kept moving towards the
helpless Pauline, Ralph just stood and watched.

As Sid moved he pulled out a two-foot length of cord, as he got to Pauline he
discarded the bag, slid his arm through Pauline's and pulled her elbows
together, using the cord her elbows were soon fastened tightly together.
The way her wrists were tied kept them held at waist level and the skirt held
the same.

Sid turned back to the chair, saying to himself more than the others, "Couldn't
have unveiled it better myself", as he turned to sit he looked at the still
motionless Ralph, "Get on with it dick-head you don't think she's going to ask
you but I tell you this she sure as hell ain't going to say no".

Ralph's smile turned his face in to a twisted grotesque sight; he first looked
at Sid then back, moving towards Pauline.
Pauline squealed again and tried to move, being hobbled she could only shuffle,
she turned and tried to make for the kitchen door, Sid watched her, her skirt
trapped around her waist left him a lovely view of her superb legs and little
black lace panty's covering a small but beautiful rounded very firm ass, tied
the way she was it was impossible for her to get to the door knob and she tried
to lift herself to the catch, struggling and pushing against the door, Sid knew
how a cat felt as it toyed with a mouse.

Ralph moved at her his massive hand slammed in to her back pinning her to the
door, she muffled some thing that was inaudible under the tape her legs pulled
at the ropes but she was helpless, Ralph grinned over at Sid, Sid shook his
head, "God your fucking ugly, still don't just stand there take my mind off how
ugly you are show me something gorgeous, her ass".

Ralph other hand slid in to the waist band of her pants and pulled them down so
Sid could see, Pauline muffled cry's became a squeaking noise from her nose, Sid
watched her ass as it moved from side to side flattened to the door, "Come on my
friend don't mess rip them off".

Ralph's hand turned gripping the thin lace and he tore side-ways, one tug then
another before a ripping noise heralded the parting of the lace, dragging his
hand down and back the remnants slid between her legs the two halves grasped in
his hand, he immediately stuffed them in his pocket.

Sid clapped his hand again, "Oh adorable absolutely adorable, firm, full, round
with dimples and I bet bloody tight now turn her round, lets see what we came
for".
Ralph slid his arm between Pauline and the door and held her, then lifted and
turned, with out her feet on the floor she just spun around to be greeted with
another clap from Sid, "Oh yes, oh fuck me yes, that's looks neat, doesn't even
look that used and a real blond and a curly one at that, oh yes my tongue and
that could be real friends", he stuck his tongue out and wiggled it at her, "You
are really something else, now my friends tits show me her tits".

As if lifting the lid on a sumptuous dinner, Ralph, now stood behind her, got
hold of the bottom of her sleeveless jumper and pulled it up to her neck
exposing her black tit filled lace bra, Sid rammed his hand between his legs and
giggled, "Oh boy black on blond, unbelievable absolutely unbelievable and so big
and to think I didn't want to come and now all I want to do, is cum in you".

Sid rummaged through the rucksack until he found the cutter, pulled it out,
"Here you go, now if you would like to remove all of Pauline's clothes then
maybe we can get down to business, be careful no cuts or nicks". He stood and
walked over to Ralph and put the cutter in his hand, he put his hand under
Pauline's chin, "Don't look so frightened, but I would warn you not to move to
much he's just as nervous as you are".

He returned to his seat as Ralph grabbed the neck of the jumper and cut in to
it. Pauline stood in frozen terror but Sid had that silly grin on as he resumed
his torment, "Now isn't this more fun than you sitting home alone"? Ralph
finished cutting away her top and began on her skirt as Sid continued, "What
were you thinking of doing, thinking about all the fuckings your husband had
given you, the amount of time you let him come down your throat, do you swallow,
I hope so".

Tears welled up in her eyes as her skirt was pulled from under the ropes and
dropped on the floor. Sid pulled himself to the front of the chair, "And now for
the best bit or best two bits, I wonder what size your nips are, hang on a
minute let me guess, like you neat and beautifully formed; not to thick and not
to long but maybe very interesting when added to a mouth, lets see".

First Ralph slit the back then one side then the other, the cups stayed in
place, Sid giggled, "Shake her, let them tits rock and roll", Ralph's huge hands
grabbed her shoulders and shook her, her body moved right and left her large
tits did the same and the bra shook to the floor, "Oh yes deep red just the way
I like them".

Sid stood up, she panicked and tried to move, she stumbled and fell, trying to
save her breasts she let her knees bend and she rolled to her left ending up
laying on he left side, Sid was quickly behind her, his knee in her back,
holding her shoulder stopping her from moving, "You wanted to get on your back
quickly didn't you, you must learn to be patient, every thing comes to those who
wait and to you it will come, that I promise you".

Ralph towered above them, Sid looked up, "Show this lovely thing what lovely
thing you have for her".

Ralph undid his trousers and pushed them down revelling dirty, badly stained
grey underpants, Sid looked away, "You dirty fuck, you've cum in your fucking
pants already, oh Jesus you fucking disgust me god knows what the lady thinks
just take them off," he looked at the panic stricken face of Pauline, "Sorry
about that but he's just not house trained, but feast your eyes on that".

As the pants were pulled off Ralph cock hung, semi-erect, uncircumcised, fat and
miss-shaped it was sticky from where he had been unable to control himself, it
was 10 inches of fat revolting meat and Pauline could only lay helpless and look
at it.

"There how do you fancy that lot up your pretty hole, have you been fucked
lately, got a boy friend doing his active service while hubbies away doing his,
no, don't think you have, seven months is a bit short even in this day and age,
anyway, my friend has a special way of fucking women who don't really want his
present, you may enjoy it but on the other hand you may not, but I've got to let
him have some fun with you then he will leave me alone, while you and me have
some real fun".

Sid pushed Pauline on to her stomach as the massive frame of Ralph walked behind
her, down to her legs before, with the help of a kick he stepped between them,
he looked down at the cute ass as it wiggled to try and escape, he open his legs
a little more pushing her knees wider, she looked like a trapped frog.

He bent and clasped his hands under her belly and lifted the struggling girl.
She fought and wriggled as she felt her self getting further up his legs, Sid
eyes glistened as he watched her fine tits wobble as she moved, she suddenly
froze as her ass came in to contact with the tip of the enormous cock, Sid
whispered, "Big ain't it", she made feeble attempts at sounds as she felt the
tip slide over the crack in her ass.

Ralph had done this before, his immense strength allowed him to slowly pull her
until his cock-end pointed at her little cunt entrance, Sid knew she could feel
the head at her lips, he looked her in the eyes, "Time to plough the love shut".
Hanging like some amateur gymnast, she was unable to stop the pushing; he just
gently rocked back and forth, forcing her body in to the same motion, her cunt
slowly impaling it self on the fat hard meat.

Her ankles bent and tied around the back of Ralph's legs left her no means of
pushing away Sid could see her cheeks blowing out as she tried to dislodge the
invading cock, he stood beside her then bent on his haunches and played with her
hanging tits, "The more you move the quicker he will be up there, up to you,
best get it over with", he went back to playing with her nipples.

She moaned and squealed as she slid further on to the meat pole, soon Ralph was
pumping at her as she hung like a rag doll her eyes wet with tears as her groans
became sobs, Sid still rolling her nipples in between his fingers smiled as he
put his mouth to her ear and made a joke, "Ya, it would bring tears to my eyes,
still shouldn't be long now he can't hold it, gets excited you know still bet it
bloody hurts though".

Little ahh and ya sounds started coming from Ralph then as he thrust harder more
of a grunting sound came, soon the words yes, yes and Pauline's body jerking
forward were a signal for Sid to stand up, "Don't fucking cum up her, get it
out, take the fucking meat out, now I'm telling you get it out, now, I said now,
splat it on the floor not up her, you don't want any D N A in her, so do as your
told take your fucking cock out".

Ralph half lowered half dropped Pauline then turned to his right, just then his
filthy juice pumped out his cock hitting the floor and the side of the chair,
Sid bent down to Pauline and whispered, "Well I didn't want to find myself
licking out his juice from that little peach between your legs, now you be a
good girl and let me see to you properly, Ralph take this lovely young lady
upstairs, find a big bed and put her on it, I'll find something to keep her
there".

Ralph bent a picked Pauline up again, only this time he turned her round, slung
her over his shoulder and headed for the door, Sid stood and watched him go up
the first two steps, he watched her long blond hair as it swung from side to
side over Ralph's ass before he turned and went in to the kitchen.

Sid walked in to the bedroom and threw the rucksack down on the bed beside
Pauline, he sat bouncing the bed, "Some nice lengths of cord hubbies got, use it
at work does he or do you like a bit of rough, ah in to a bit of bondage,
enjoying this then are you?"
 He looked at Ralph still standing there in just his shirt, his cock hung like a
shorter extra leg, "You never know with these quiet ones, maybe we have a little
raver, lets tie her to the bed and have a look round, a little investigation".

Pushed on her back Pauline just lay looking at her attackers as Sid pulled a
length of red cord from the rucksack. Sid threw it under the bed, then him and
Ralph held each of her knees and pulled them open before tying them as wide as
they could, then more rope under the bed this time to her neck holding her like
a pinned butterfly, Sid played with her cunt, "See no lasting damage, I'll just
give it a little longer to tighten up before I have some fun with it, you just
lay there and get yourself in the mood for a little romantic interlude with me". 

He started to pull clothes from the draws, he found some nice but ordinary
lingerie but nothing to marvel over. He moved to the wardrobe pushed the clothes
to one side, "Hello what's this, planning a little trip"?

He pulled out a suitcase and opened it, "Oh so this is where all the nice
clothes are and still got their price tags on, oh look at these", he held up bra
and pants, suspenders, stocking and a little garter, "I bet you look hot and
horny kitted out in this lot, all ass and plenty of tits, oh yes and kinky high
heels, maybe later you will do a little show for us".
Sid carried on his search, "And what about all these summer clothes, were we
going somewhere nice, oh well, sorry but I'll try and make up for it, and you my
friend go down stairs and see if there's any goodies that would be better off in
our abode and anyway, I have some business with our lovely friend".

Ralph muttered to himself as he left the room, Sid made a play at strutting
towards the bed, he sat beside the bound woman, "Hello Pauline, do you know what
time it is"? He looked at his watch, "Its playtime", he lay beside her, his
mouth by her ear as his right hand started to slide all over her body.

"My you are a beauty, I really am going to enjoy fucking you, your cunt looks
absolutely mouth watering and I'm going to have a good old fashion lick of it,
see if it juices up, see if I get to, dare I say it, turn you on". He bent over
and licked at her nipples, "See if we can make these pop up", his right hand
slid down to her cunt, he slipped his finger in, "mmm needs to get wet, its very
dry, pity my friend hadn't done a better job but he's uneducated in the ways of
fucking, just a wham bam thank you mam kind of imbecile".

In between taunting her Sid carried on fingering her between her legs and
sucking her nipple, "Your cunt and your ass will be easy to fuck but your mouth,
well", he stopped talking and returned to sucking her nipple all the time his
finger pushed in and out of her cunt.

He moved from her nipple, slid up the bed and planted a kiss over the top of her
gag, "Mr Carter has done a sterling job, but to fuck this pretty mouth I have a
feeling that you are going to have to be convinced that you want my length down
your throat, and making you realize that could be a painful experience for you,
if you remember the size of my friends hands and the cute dimples on your ass, I
personally think you would be better off with seven or eight inches of cock in
your pretty mouth rather than alone in this room, over his lap with your pretty
bum up in the air but that will be up to you, to start with, lets just fuck
you".

Sid kept her eyes on her the whole time he kissed his way down her body, licking
at her navel then down to her cunt. He gave her cunt hair a playful tug with his
teeth before inserting his tongue in between her fleshy pink cunt lips, he got
himself in between her legs so he could look up at her, her face framed between
her full firm breasts, he bit at the hood covering her clit she squealed, her
eyes looked down, "That's it Pauline you keep watching me, I like to have eye
contact when I'm sucking a cunt", he pushed his mouth over her slit and sucked
the flesh in to his mouth.

With her legs held wide and her wrist trapped to her side Pauline could do
nothing as she felt a finger screwing up in to her ass-hole, she moved and tried
to holt the invading digit but all she got was a sniggering sound between her
legs as Sid enjoyed the way he was making her ass wiggled.

A little moan came from behind the gag, she was getting a little wet, the
continues attack of the tongue was causing her cunt to lubricate, Sid looked up,
"The tastes changed, you getting horny maybe a little wet, wet enough for me to
slip in and poke this hole, lets see".

Sid slid back up her body the same way by kissing and licking her, sucking her
nipples in hard and shaking his head like a dog with a toy in its mouth, letting
them go with a plopping sound.
He lay flat on top of her, slid his hands down behind her until he held both her
buttocks, then he bent his knees and pushed his cock up in to her, "Lovely hand
full of ass, now listen my little cock receptacle I don't want us to chat while
I'm fucking you so you lay there I'll just go suck your big nipples".

As Sid fucked her his fingers pulled at her ass cheeks; pulling her open, as he
pulled he let his fingers move closer to the inviting hole, soon he could feel
the entrance, Pauline was trying to move but he continued to edge his way in,
his finger pushed at the hole as his cock thrust that little bit faster, he felt
her clenching, quivering, he moved himself around forcing his cock to attack her
cunt from different angles as he finger fucked her ass hole.

Sid was now pumping franticly at her lifting her ass off the bed as he drove in
to her, his mouth sucked hungrily at the nipple pulling the bud up so he could
toy with it between his teeth, Pauline was struggling to escape as she felt Sid
building, her whole body rocked back and forth on the bed, her free tit moving
with the force of his thrust, she moaned in her gag, as she tired to move before
she felt the first spurt, Sid smiled, "You squirm real good, did you move like
this when your man used to fuck you or am I forcing you in to it, if I am then
your going to be doing it a lot more to night", then Sid released the rest of
his juice up in side her, he carried on pumping in and out, grunting at her as
he made sure he emptied ever drop, then he just lay on her looking at her tear
filled eyes, his face had his usual stupid grin.

He kissed her mouth over the gag, "There was that as good for you, I must say
you fuck nice, you fuck tight and I want to fuck you all through the night, how
about that, it rhymes, now what rhymes with I'm going to fuck your tight ass
next, any ideas"?
Pauline made some muffled noises as she shook her head, Sid laughed, "Doesn't
sound like much of a rhyme to me, how about this then, I'm going get hard again
by fucking your tits then I'm going to stick my cock where you have the shit's,
yes its crude but so what, that's what I'm going to do to you".

Just then the door open and Ralph put his head round the door, "The phone keeps
ringing twice then stopping", Sid looked at him, "Ya so what, its got an answer
message so let it ring, you can hardly pick it up and say, sorry she can't come
to the phone she upstairs naked, gagged, tied to her bed having her brains
fucked out now can you"?

Ralph looked away, he went to go but stopped he half turned but didn't look at
Sid, "When can I do her again"? Sid looked at her smiled then back to Ralph,
"When I have finished fucking her ass, now go back down stairs, I'll come and
get you later, find yourself and drink or something, go on clear off", Ralph
turned and left.

He turned back to her, "Now the chaperon has gone we can get back to each
other", his mouth went back to gorging on her nipples, she made painful
squealing noise's as he bit at the tender buds. He was still between her legs
and he moved his hips running his semi hard cock up and down over her slit, he
looked up at her, "Its no good you trying to get me turned on with this cunt of
yours, you will have to wait for another cunt fucking I've just got to have a
little fuck between these two mounds of pleasure".

He put a knee ether side of her and shuffled up the bed until he was sat on her
chest, he slapped his hardening cock on to her tits, "Mmmm nice, the don't
bounce much, still young and firm, you don't mind if I stick my cock up in
between them, just to feel the sensation, are you sure I can"? She looked at
him, helpless to answer her mouth completely sealed, he mocked her, "Why thank
you, normally I wouldn't but, if you incest, how does this feel"?

He slid it between the firm breasts and then pushed them together trapping his
cock, he pushed hard up making sure the cock-end hit her under the chin as his
thumbs pushed the nipples in, "Nothing like a good tit wank, especially ones as
soft as yours, ooohh this is so nice, but it mustn't detracted from the next
adventure, you can tell me, is it to boldly go where no-one has been before, or
do you want me to find that out for myself"?

She made more muffled cries as he untied her knees. Leaving the rope tied to
left knee he passed the rope around behind her neck, then while pushing her knee
back to her tits he pulled the rope taught, then he hooked his arm under her
other knee and bent it back passed the rope through it and pulled.

Having plenty of cord he pulled her legs right back then around her neck again.
After cutting that piece it left him about a ten foot length he slipped it over
the headboard and back to her right knee, then the same to the left pulling back
hard, curving her back until she was trapped back on her shoulders, lifting her
cunt and ass up off the bed and her legs spread.

He stood beside the bed, she could see him as she stared between her legs, his
hand was pulling at his now rigid cock, he smiled back at her and stroked her
upturned bottom running his fingers over the two exposed holes.
He put his foot on the bed and stepped up on to the bed and looked down at her,
her head trapped between her knees her tits under her chin, he slapped her ass,
not hard but enough to get a little oommpphh out of her, "I hope you realize
that sucking my cock is good for you, because if I leave you like this and put I
little idea in his mind you could have a very sore ass and I mean sore".

As if to emphasize the point he slapped her twice more, "You know if I didn't
want to fuck your ass so much I could get to enjoy spanking this", another
harder slap followed.
He move forward his knees clamping round her ass as he pushed his hard cock down
and at the little pink hole, he gave a little push to see if it had been used
before, her reaction told him no, he couldn't resist passing comment, "Now
here's a new experience for you, you should relax, because this cock of mine is
a lot more solid than your lovely tight hole and its going in your lovely tight
hole so just relax it, you ain't going anywhere until we are both through
fucking you so just give in gracefully and take what's coming to you or in your
case up you".

Amid squeals and grunts Sid pushed his hard cock in to the hole slowly, as much
as she tried to move away, it pushed in, he grinned at her and he let a mouth
full of spit drop on her hole. The first lot hit her cunt and seeped in side but
the second and third lots hit the tip of his cock as it pushed further.

One good push at the right time and the cock-end slipped in, her tight ring
closed over it, "Got you, fucking got you, I got me an ass virgin, now lets see
if you like it fucked". 

A collection of grunts and squeals resounded around the room as Sid pushed his
full length up in to her ass, Sid deliberately took his time sliding up inch by
inch, while he played his favourite game, staring at her with that stupid grin
on his face as he tormented the beautiful helpless woman.

"Oooohhh isn't this nice, does it feel good? You like the feel of this big fella
up your ass, first time is always the best that new sensation never before
enjoyed but after I've slid you this fucking you'll be begging the rest of your
men friends to bugger your pretty ass. Get two then while ones up your ass the
other can have this", he let his fingers play with her cunt; then he pushed in
one then two fingers.

With his cock now half way up her ass he slowly pulled back then in again while
doing the same with his fingers, she moved, jumped, a long low moan came from
behind the gag, "oooohhh you like it already do you, the thought of twos up
excites you does it, how about me and friend break you in later, would you like
that"?

The thought of Ralph's huge cock in her again brought a squeal and a sob to her
as her head slowly shook from side to side, suddenly he pushed in all the way,
the squeal got louder, he laughed, "How do you like that"? He started to fuck
her ass as hard as he could loving the way she moved as she tried to escape his
onslaught.

"You moving like a pro, born to be fucked in the ass if you ask me, you really
can wiggle that ass and I thank you for the pleasure your giving this dick of
mine, in fact if you like it this much I may have to reconsider what I'm going
to be fucking the rest of the night", she shook her head her eyes full of tears
but it only encouraged him more, "Oh now, now don't play hard to get, I know you
like it and your going to love this".

 He went back to playing with her cunt and then pushing his hands between her
legs so he could pull on her sore nipples, then he started to pump hard.
"Your so tight I can't hold back much longer, here comes the first load up that
ass and it won't be,ee, ee the last,ah,ah,st", he emptied himself again in side
Pauline.

He collapsed between her legs, "Oh now that was nice, its still holding on to my
dick, but I'm going to have to pull it out, don't get upset, I could always get
my friend to put his bloody great thing in that cute butt-hole".
He loved the panic in her face as she muffled her protest, her head shaking
wildly as he pushed his semi hard cock around still inside her ass, "Well if you
want me to make sure this lovely hole stays this tight then you should start
thinking about your pretty lips wrapped round my cock giving me some wonderful
head or your tails could be very, very sore you just think about".

He pulled back and let himself pull out of her; he stood by the bed watching his
juice dribble out of her ass, "Now while your thinking about what I've said I'll
get my friend, sorry but it was his idea to come and fuck you so I will have to
let him have you again".

He grinned, "Well its only fair, I promise it won't spoil our relationship so
I'll go and fetch him, shall I but this time I will convince him just to fuck
your cunt again, but you remember if you want to be awkward next time you and I
get together then I will leave you alone with him, and just for my fun I'll give
him some nasty ideas that he could do to this beautiful body", he squeezed her
right breast, turned from her and went to the door.

She pulled hard on her ropes but it was no good she was held firm, the door
opened and the lumbering oaf filled the room, Sid came in behind and went to the
bedroom chair, sat, crossed his naked legs, put his hands behind his neck and
smiled at the woman.

Ralph tickled her between her legs pushing his finger in to her; she could see
his enormous cock as it grew to its rigid hard full length in front of her eyes.
Sid, wanted to get rid of Ralph as quickly as possible so he started at him,
"Hope your not annoying that young lady, excuse me lady if he's annoying you,
you will tell me won't you because if you don't say anything he may take
advantage of you", laughing at her he carried on, "Go on she's wants it, she
wants that big cock of yours up her hole, go on have some, stop playing with it
and fuck it, go on fuck her you know you want to".

Ralph grinned at Sid then at Pauline, climbed on the bed and started to run the
end of his cock up and down the slit, Pauline was squealing, making mm, mm, mm,
noises from her nose that obviously meant no, no, no but Sid said, "Listen she
calling you in go on fuck her, she can't wait, don't disappoint the lady, fuck
her".

At last he positioned himself and started to push in stretching her cunt wide,
she moaned, the further in he pushed, the louder the moans became. Sid could see
between his legs at her cunt as it tried to stretch round the huge invading
meat.

The noises Pauline was making only excited Sid more, he got up and slowly walked
back to the bed, by the time he reached the bed, Ralph was knelt between her
tied legs banging her cunt with as much of his cock as he could get up in her
and he was banging as hard as he could, Sid watched her face as her cheeks blew
out and tears were forced from her eyes. Her body rocked back on the bed with
the force of Ralph's fucking, Sid watched her face or what he could see above
the tape, he could see the pain in her eyes, she looked at him, he grinned his
usual stupid smile and mouthed to her, "Imagine that up your ass" he blew her a
kiss as she shook her head then he turned back to the chair.

It didn't take long for the battering of Pauline's cunt to finish, this time
Ralph blew himself up her, before he had chance to do anything else Sid was up
and beside him, "You enjoy that, well if your a good boy, "He quickly turned to
Pauline, "And you aren't a good girl", he turned back to Ralph, "I'll let you
have some more, you'd like that wouldn't you".

Ralph made a silly giggling sound and looked at Pauline, "I'm going to fuck you
again and you can't stop me".
Sid pushed at him, "Alright, alright get off her then and go back down stairs,
the quicker you go down and stay there the quicker I will come for you again, go
on fuck off", Ralph pulled himself off the bed and went down stairs.

Sid closed the door and went to the bed, "You look uncomfortable let me untie
you, just a little bit; then we can talk or at least do something with that
mouth".

Sid undid the rope on her right knee and pulled it from behind the headboard,
then the next set from her knees releasing them from the rope behind her neck,
she slowly let them straighten.
He put his hand on the rope between her ankles, pulled her round and dropped
them off the side of the bed, then pulled her up to a sitting position and sat
beside the bound beauty.

He knew her legs were still well tied so he checked her elbow rope was firm and
her hands held tight to her side then he grabbed a handful of blond hair, " Have
you thought", she blinked through a tear and tried to nod, "Good you want to
suck my cock or you want me to leave you to him".

Pauline lowered her eyes from Sid's and looked at Sid's lap, "Ahh so you have
seen sense then so there is just the question of removing Mr Carters ingenious
tape and you staying silent, lets get the plan sorted in your mind I would hate
for any misunderstanding as that would be painful or should I say pain-filled
for you".

He started to pick at the tape, "God this is good stuff, now while I take this
off you better be sure that you stay quite, not a word, I'm not interested in
your pleadings or begging unless you beg for more fucking, that's why we are
here just to fuck you as many times as we want, in what ever hole we want, you
don't have any say in what we do to you, so you may as well save your breath",
he peeled off the first piece, "You understand"?

He started at the next piece, "You do know what the alternative is, him fucking
your ass or beating six bells of shit out of your ass or tits, you understand
that"?
She was trying to nod as he pulled the next piece off then the third, finally
the piece under her jaw she couldn't help but open her mouth and lick her lips,
Sid stuck his thumb in her mouth, "Now that looks nice, I can only think of one
sight better, oh and you better swallow, no point in me pumping it down your
throat if you waste it".

 She tried not to but a little sobbing, "Don't, please don't" Sid grabbed her by
the jaw, pulled her head round and kissed her hard, then pulled back, "Open your
mouth and give me some tongue or I'll tell him to, well you can guess".
Her mouth slowly opened, Sid's awful smile returned as he closed his mouth over
hers and pushed his tongue in, he heard her sob as his right hand mauled and
squeezed at her tit, pulling at her nipple, rolling it painfully between his
thumb and fingers all the time his tongue invaded the pretty woman's mouth and
she could do nothing to stop him.

He finally pulled away from her mouth, "mmmm must do that more often, quite a
turn on, it must have been just look at my dick, you will have to do something
about that, so I guess its time to get on your knees and play the blue veined
obo", as he stood he pulled her up then his face contorted in to his evil smile
as both hands grabbed her hair forcing her down, she looked at him her eyes wet
with tears, as her knees buckled all he said was, "I take it you are musical".

She knelt in front of him, looking up waiting and hoping for a last minute
reprieve from the filthy act he was going to make her perform but all she got
was a slap on the side of her face from his rapidly hardening cock.
He slapped her face harder, his cock banging at her nose, "Come on little lady
open up, don't think of it as sucking a cock so that some bastard can have his
pleasure, think of it as an alternative to having the sorest ass you could
imagine, mind you looking down at that cute bum I'm getting a feeling that
stinging it could be fun, which do you want"?

Pauline looked at the stinking cock waving in her face, she knew she was alone,
helpless and what these to perverts could do to her defenceless body if she
didn't let them do what ever they wanted with her she had no other option, she
closed her eyes and opened her cute little mouth, all she heard was that awful
snigger from her abuser, "That's it and now the tongue, slide it out", she poked
her tongue past her lips, "Come on lets have all that pinkie meat out", with her
mouth fully open she stuck her tongue out all the way.

The snigger turned in to a snort as Sid laid his cock-end on the protruding
tongue, he slid it over the tip back and forth, just touching her lips, "Don't
that feel nice, and are you liking it, must taste really good after all it was
buggering your ass not half an hour ago and now your going to have the pleasure
of it fucking your face, boy are we having a good time".

Sid started pushing past her lips and in to her mouth, she choked as he touched
the back of her throat but he pushed further, he let her gag but still he wanted
it in her throat, "Oh nice, just suck little lady just suck, your mouth fucks
really well, bet you do this or did this a lot, and today your happy its me your
doing it for".

Sid's hips were now shoving at her, he still held her hair in both hands pulling
her mouth on to him, choking her, her eyes blinking away her tears, every time
she looked up that smile was always there, "Just think if you hadn't asked us in
for tea, then showed us that nice piece of sexy thigh you have, we may have
missed all this, you would properly just had a boring day, now your getting
bored a different way and its much more fun, don't you agree"? Pauline was to
busy choking and gagging on the cock now almost fully in her mouth and down her
throat to answer such a sick question.

Bound, helpless and at his pleasure Sid just fucked his cock in to her mouth as
hard as he wanted, holding on to her hair she had no option but to kneel in
front of him and take it all as he drove his cock in to the back of her throat.
He humped her mouth enjoying slowly taking it out as she gasped and choked, he
giggled as he told her to take a deep breath and then he ploughed his rigid meat
back in to her throat, forcing her head up and down making her throat stimulate
him, then forcing her to go through it again.

After what seemed forever to Pauline he suddenly told her to tighten her lips
tight around his cock-end, as she was forced to form a perfect O around his cock
he slowly pulled it back out off her throat until just the head sat in her
mouth, "Tickle the end with your tongue until I fill your pretty mouth, and
remember keep them lips tight and don't you dare spill any".

Her tongue work actively over the end tickling under it trying to get him to
come so he would take it out of her mouth, finally he gripped it hard, his
fingers held on to it as he built himself up.
He smiled down at her then let go of his length releasing his filth, it spurt in
to her mouth, she kept swallowing, groaning, fighting to get the foul muck down
in to her stomach.

Sid took a step back as she realised his cock from her mouth, she swallowed and
coughed as her head fell forward on to the side of the bed, Sid looked around
and picked up the rucksack, then he went to the door and yelled.
 Ralph came running up the stairs, he stopped Sid whispered to him.

Ralph moved over to Pauline, grabbed her round the throat and squeezed, she
panicked, her scream locked back in her straggled throat, Sid came in front of
her, "Close your mouth, tight, no little lady tighter than that, just suck those
gorgeous lips in under your teeth", as she did what he told her Sid pulled off
another piece of Carters tape, cut it and stuck it over her mouth, then another,
and another until her mouth was sealed shut tight again.

She moaned at him trying to get up but it was impossible, Sid smiled at her as
she squirmed around on the floor under him, "What's the matter Pauline, did you
want to go some where, the loo maybe, having had all that nice juice pumped in
to you, you want my friend to take you I think he should, and I bet he would
like to as-well, shall I let him", she shook her head as she moaned in to her
gag, "Oh alright, just for you I'll let him take you".

He turned to Ralph, "You want to take this little lady and sit her pretty ass on
the loo you know how you like to watch", Ralph bent and picked up the struggling
woman, she squealed and tried to kick but he was far to strong, he carried her
along the passage his hands between her legs playing with her body until he
arrived at the bathroom.

He sat her down on the toilet seat and looked at her, she sat there looking
anywhere but at this oaf who expected her to do the most private of things for
his amusement.
He began to lose patients, "Come on cunt do a piss for me, I like it when you
bitches have to piss, now piss", she shook her head, "You will piss", he knelt
down between her legs, pushed his hand over the bowl and grabbed at her cunt,
his fingers found the flesh of her hood and twisted".

She clamped her legs together, squealing and shaking her head, but he kept on
pinching, "Just do a pee for me then I'll stop", Pauline was in agony as she
tried to push herself to give this awful slob what he wanted, she was crying
with pain but all he did was laugh, "No lady, not out your eyes out your cunt".

She felt something, she willed it and a little trickle of urine covered his
hand, he stopped pinching and pushed his hand under her and let the urine run
over it, grinning up in to the tear stained face, "There you did need to go, if
you've finished lets have you standing up I'm not going to wipe you dry, oh no
I'm going to lick you out".

Unable to fight anymore, Pauline let him pull her up, with out arguing she stood
and opened her legs as far as the rope would allow, bent her knees and crouched
there while he put both his big hands on her ass and buried his face between her
legs licking like a slavering dog at her wet cunt.

He giggled at her as he stopped and stood towering over her, "You taste real
good, yummy, bet you liked it, bet you liked my tongue up your cunt, I want to
do it some more, you know I liked sucking your cunt but now we have to go back
to the bedroom, my friend says I shouldn't be to long I think my pal has another
plan for you".

This time as he bent she just slumped over his shoulder, as he carried her she
didn't kick, she didn't struggle she just let his hand invade her ass and cunt
while she watched her landing carpet pass by under her, he turned in to the
bedroom and once again she found herself on her bed and looking at the two
perverts that had her at their mercy.

Sid looked at her, he gloated at her fear and he revealed at his power over her.
His evil grin brought more terror to her beautiful tear stained eyes as he put
his hand in the rucksack and pulled out two short lengths of cord, "Give me your
hand dear", his face twisted in to a wide smile, "No, then let me take it".

He grabbed at the rope that was holding her wrist to her waist and tied the end
of his rope to it, Ralph twisted her leg back so Sid could tie her knee to the
rope, holding her knees up to her waist, then they did the same to her other
leg, she moaned and tried to plead through the gag, Sid looked at her, "Don't
you worry your pretty little head, as much as it looks inviting I'm not going to
fuck your bum, well I'm not going to this time", as soon as they'd finished they
flipped her over, her face stuck in to the pillow.

Sid bent down to her ear, "Your ass looks pretty good stuck up in the air. Now I
want you to try and remember how I got a real hard on when we was kissing, well
I wondered how long it would take me to get ready to do your cunt but this time
when we are spanking you", she tried to pull her head up, her squeals louder
than ever, but Sid just stood up and patted her exposed raised bottom.

As he stroked her firm round ass he looked at Ralph, "Well my friend here's
something you like, a nice round ass up, cute, and very desirable do you see it,
young firm and begging to be slapped, give her a gentle one to start with".
Ralph didn't pull his hand back to far before he whipped it forward connecting
with the firm skin of Pauline's ass, she screamed in to the tape, Sid was there
with his tormenting remarks, "Now that's a nice song, can you do it for me again
only this time a little louder", he nodded at Ralph, another slapping sound
resounded round the room another scream and this time a little sob followed.

"Your ass make a lovely sound, lets hear it again", he nodded, another sharp
crack another squeal and her ass moved, "Oh yes I thought that one would make
your cute bum wiggle, try another", slap, slap, slap Sid grabbed a handful of
hair and pulled her head up from the pillow, "Any tears yet? No then lets try
harder". As he nodded he let her head drop back, slap, slap, slap her ass moved
anything to avoid the huge hand that covered both cheeks every time it struck.

Sid told Ralph just to hit one cheek but before he did Sid inserted his finger
up in to her ass-hole, slap, slap, slap she wiggled and moved as Sid drove in
and out of her ass with his finger, "God that feels great, your ass muscles
nearly broke my finger and the way you move, just got to try fucking your ass
while he keeps it wiggling".

Sid didn't have to pull on his cock for to long before it was rigid again, he
let Ralph slap her another half dozen times then he spat on the end and pushed
it at her ass-hole, it pushed slowly in, "Christ just as tight as the first
time, God this is going to be good, alright my friend slap away but just her ass
don't you belt me, go on then".

Ralph swung, hitting Pauline hard on the side of her cheek as Sid slid all the
way in to her, she screamed, moved and jumped as the hard cock filled her
stinging ass, Sid shouted, "And again, and again this is an unbelievable way to
fuck ass".

Ralph was giggling like a two year old as he rained slap upon slap down on the
reddening ass, Sid fucked slowly in and out as Pauline squealed and move, "Get
over the other side and sting that cheek, I think your deadening this side".
Ralph moved round and started slapping her other cheek, the squealing and
jumping started again, more and more slaps hit the poor woman's red ass as Sid
cruelly fucked her slowly sometimes just kneeling there while her ass did the
moving.

Suddenly Sid shouted, "Stop, I've got an idea I want the ultimate ass fuck", he
bent forward and grabbed Pauline's hair and jerked back hard, pulling her up,
she squealed and moaned in to the tape but he held her up, his cock still buried
deep in her ass, "All right my friend, give her tits a real hard slapping that
should really make her ass move and keep slapping until I cum up this tight cock
sucking ass, then you can stick your fucking great weapon up it, she will really
like that, won't you little lady", as she screamed in the gag Ralph struck the
first blow. 

Sid sat back on his haunches, pulling her with him, her squeals became pitiful
as Ralph slapped first one tit then the other, he body moved to every strike,
Sid continued to mock her, "You enjoying this, you like a bit of rough don't
you"? She squealed again as Ralph now slapped his hand together with her tits in
between, " Ya of course your enjoying it, what's more we are going to make you
enjoy it more I think we will stay the night and most of tomorrow, you got a big
out building, I seen it, nice car, just been sprayed has it, still we can move
that out and play with that hoist and you, oh yes, you need an uplifting
experience after what you've been through bet we can hang you in some fun
position, make it fun to fuck and slap you, maybe pull your legs so far apart I
could get my hand up you".

She sobbed as the slapping continue and so did Sid, "I could maybe think of a
few other things we could do to them big tits, rope them up, push them big
nipples of yours out and I bet you will do anything I ask to us or yourself when
I get your nipples in that vice, your going to make a great sex slave still
that's tomorrows fun, but for now come on my friend belt her some more, I want
to come up her ass".

Ralph laid in to her tits again, Sid shouted him on as the squeals from Pauline
resounded even louder than before, there was a little thud noise and Ralph
stopped slapping, he looked at Sid as the front of his shirt started to turn a
red colour, his face contorted, Sid looked at him, "I didn't tell you to stop I
ain't fucking cum up her ass yet", suddenly Ralph just slumped to the floor.

Sid looked at him then he turned his head back towards the door just in time to
catch the flash of light, a piercing pain exploded in his back, he let go of
Pauline who fell away from him as he turned and looked at the face at the door,
the same face he had seen yesterday on the tele stood beside the woman he had
just been fucking, then black. 

Roy Lile looked at them then his wife, "Oh god I knew something was wrong when
you didn't answer the two rings, but not this", he untied her and looked at her
beaten body, "How, I mean are we going to still be alright for tomorrow"?
Pauline looked at her husband, "Is my face alright"? Roy nodded, "Then yes, we
spent to long planning this, the other body in your jeep, the insurance from
ours and the army and the way we get to Rio, no we go, I'm", she winced as she
tried to move, "Hopefully a long hot bath and a gentle rub down should take away
the initial pain, I'll have to do it, I'll just have to think of the money and
my life with you, but what about getting rid of these dead bastards tonight"?

Roy gentle kissed her sore mouth, "There's a freshly dug grave at St David in
the Field, should fit two more".


                                                                 Pagan.




Copy-right, Kayce@fsworld. co.uk.

              Another short story about Pauline's.


                             The Perils of Pauline 12

                                                 Pauline Hooper.

He sat on his old black leather chair watching a Sarah Young porno classic, his
cock rigid in his rough dirty hand as he slowly pumped it up and down. The video
was just at one of his favourite scenes; his eyes widened as he squeezed his
thick meat, the fat purple end dripping pre-cum. Sarah had one black cock stuck
in the back of her throat as another one ploughed her ass-hole. They had her
bent over the sofa; Jack loved watching her massive bullet hard tits swing. As a
third man sat beside her fingering her cunt, he watched as the man sucked at the
perfect long hard nipple. Jacks cock felt like it would burst; suddenly the
internal phone rang.

He picked up the receiver, "Caretaker's office", a female voice quietly said,
"I'm sorry to disturb you, I know it's late, eerrr sorry but there's loud music
coming from a room close to mine and I can't sleep".

Jack didn't need to ask which room, he had seen her arrive that afternoon, "I
will look in to it", and he thumped the receiver back in to it's cradle.

He stuffed his rigid cock  back in to his overalls the best he could, switched
off the T V, "What the fuck's this all about, there ain't that many people in
this shit hole". Jack was still mumbling to him self as he went out the door.

Jack Perkins had been caretaker come handyman at the travellers hostel for two
years; it wasn't a bad place, better than most for the cash conscious traveller
and it gave him a roof over his head. Jack learnt general D I Y from two stints
in prison, a bit to free with his hands, nasty piece of work when he had drink
in him.

He walked the short area to the main building thinking of his caller. A plain
young woman of about 28 years but there was something attractive about her,
looked a bit eastern. He remembered her booking in, very quiet, reserved even
scared but nice, clean looking, even her small tit's looked in place under what
he called, her virgin aunts clothes.

He got to the second floor, she was three doors down the corridor, he was
surprised to see her standing at her door. As he approached she shuffled
nervously, he smiled to himself at the pyjama bottoms under a wrap around brown
dressing gown, "Definitely virgin aunt", he thought.

Before he could speak she spluttered the words, "Sorry to have to call you,
please I wouldn't have but you see---", Jack cut her off, "Oh for god sake what
is it", she almost shook as she said, "There's loud music coming from
some-where, I can't sleep", he strode past her muttering, "Get a fucking man,
that's your fucking problem".

Two doors down a radio was playing, Jack saw the key and knew the room was
empty, he went in and clicked off the radio alarm thinking, "What dick head set
this thing for fucking mid-night".

She was still standing at her door, she still looked nervous as the big man
approached, "Is eerrr, is everything all right, I must apologise for getting you
up at this hour but it was loud", she looked at him almost shrinking in to the
wall as she did.

Jack looked straight at her, she looked even more attractive with out those
thick rimmed glass's, he whispered to himself "Oh yes very nice, timid but very
nice". At the word timid a charge of electricity shot through his body, he
thought, "She's like a rabbit caught in my head lights and to frightened to
move, mmmmmmmm I wonder".

She waited for him to pass to say sorry again but he stopped in front of her,
almost touching her, "Want to a apologise, that's nice, if you had half a brain
you could have switched it off your self, but still I did, you got some drink".

Her eye's were like saucers, "No, no not drink nothing like that, I'm sorry
but----", again Jack snapped at her, "You forever saying sorry, always in
trouble are you, that's why your far from home and on your own, is it, nobody
want you around".

He was having the effect he wanted, the two saucer like eyes were now filling
with water, it was now or never. Jack gripped the neck of her dressing gown,
almost lifted her back in to her room, "There now shut up, you want to apologise
do you right lets think of something", he now had her pinned to the back wall
beside her bed, he was so close he could feel her shaking.

She could smell the stale whisky on his breath, she forced out, "I am so sorry
please but I couldn't sleep, thank you again for coming over", his mouth grinned
at her as her eyes flicked left and right trying not to look at him. "Ya talking
of cuming over, I was watching a very good film which you fucked up, do you want
to know what I was watching, what it was about?"  She nodded and said, "Your
hurting me can we just stand and then you can tell me, if you want to, that is".

Jack held her even tighter, "I like standing here and don't you know manners",
he could see she was really scared of him, "Didn't they teach you to be
respectful and call people sir especially as they hold your passport".

His grin widened as she whispered, "If you want to, that is", her eyes looked
downward, "Sir".

He could smell her fear and he was loving it, "Well, what is your name"? Her
terrified eyes looked up at him, "Eeerrr, Pa, Pa Pauline, Pauline Hooper", he
laughed, "Well Pa, Pa Pauline, Pauline Hooper, the film oh yes the film, let me
tell you all about it. It's called, Housewives morning break".

"There's this beautiful woman, nice body, big tit's, you know the type. She's
alone and board when three plumbers arrive",  Pauline tried to push against him,
he held her firm, "Now, now I've only just begun.

So there's this big titted housewife and these three guys, they've come the
wrong house but she's alone and asks them to stop for a coffee.

They all sat round a table, she's showing a lot of leg and one of them gives it
a squeeze, she runs her hand over his crouch. Then another gets up and stands
behind her and runs his hand down over her blouse and gives her big tit's a
squeeze, what do you think of it so far"?

Pauline, still looking away from him, whispered, "I think I've heard enough,
please stop, let me go".

Jack ground his hips in to her, "On the coterie the best is yet to come, soon
the bloke had his hand inside her blouse giving them big hooters and real good
going over," Jack stopped and looked at her, "You like your hooters giving a
good going over"?

Those saucer like eyes stared back at him, they were full of tears, "No, no I
don't like to be touched", Jack bellowed, "That's what she said, but like you
she was playing hard to get, they soon had her stripped off and a cock in her
mouth," he ran his tongue over his lips, "You've got a nice mouth".

Pauline eyes shut tight and a tear squeezed out and ran down her cheek, "Don't,
please, don't talk like that, it's horrible".

Jack jerked his head forward and licked her lips, "She didn't think it was
horrible, she wanted more, they spent all morning fucking her, she took it up
the ass, then up the cunt at the same time, and the best bit was just when you
rang, she was bent over her sofa with a bloke fucking her mouth, one fucking her
ass and the other about to get under her, suck her tit's and give her a three's
up by ramming his hot cock up her cunt, see what I missed".

Pauline's head shook from side to side, "Look I've said I'm sorry, I am, I've
apologised what more can I do"?

Jack's grin grew to it's full width, "A nice apology would be to put that pretty
mouth of yours around this old cock of mine and let me pump some hot cream down
your lovely neck, then I might and I mean only might just forgive you".

Her face filled with horror, "I couldn't no never it's filthy, you wouldn't make
me do that, no it's not normal". Jacks grip became a straggle hold, "I'm not
joking and it's quite normal and you are going to apologize any way I want you
to and I do like your mouth, I think I'll kiss it".

He moved towards her, she tried to move her head, he shook her, "If you don't
want to apologize to me I could always take you to meet some friends of mine".

She stared at him, "What do you mean"?

"Oh I thought that would get your attention, well how's this, I have three mates
and I think they would like a nice thing like you tonight and anyway I would
enjoy watching".

She real tried to pull away, "What do you mean watch, watch what"?

This time he moved to quickly for her and kissed her hard on the mouth, she
couldn't escape, her head pinned between him and the wall. He pushed his tongue
in to her mouth, slavering inside licking at her tongue, she squealed as he
pulled back, " I want to watch them play with your lovely body".

Her face was a mask of panic, "No, no they wouldn't want me, you couldn't no,
please no".

Jack released his grip, "I think they would really like you, I would, and I
would like to get a better look at you, how about you take this brown rug off".

His eye's held hers, she was mesmerised by him and the fear he was installing in
her. Reluctantly she let the dressing gown drop off her shoulders and it fell to
the floor, Jack pressed on, "Drop the pants".

She clutched the material to her, "Nooooo don't make me take my bottoms down".
Jacks hand grabbed at the cord and pulled it before her hand had time to grab at
him, "Pull them down or I'll make sure my mates will and then all they will have
is your juicy cunt to play with, your choice is no choice, do it".

She let his hand go, he pulled the cord and the knot unravelled allowing the
pyjama bottoms to open and fall, Jack couldn't resist a look down at her
athletic legs, "Oh yes with legs like you got you would be popular with my mates
they would love to see all of you".

"No, no, you wouldn't make me go there, I've done what you asked you mustn't
take me anywhere, please don't, I don't want to see your mates".

The woman trembled in front of Jack, her clean fresh face, that oriental look
even more attractive now and he had her where he wanted her. Jack put his hand
on the wall cutting off any route of escape, "Oh I don't know".

He started his sentence slowly, "I would love to watch you in action, wouldn't
you like a nice fat cock up your ass, slowly fucking you, pumping in and out of
your little pink hole, is it pink and puckered, I bet it is, or big thick
fingers tickling the folds of hot wet flesh that cover your nub, does it get
hard when you play with it, come on you can tell me, do you play with yourself,
do you finger fuck your own hot wet cunt?

I can see you now wetting those long fingers of yours with your pink tongue and
then sliding them up you hole, while spreading those firm nice legs so as you
can get at those fleshy lips with your other hand. What do you think about while
your doing it? Is it taking  one or maybe two big cocks in that pretty mouth of
yours, you want to taste mine or will I be seeing what I'm imagining, three men
in all your holes and at the same time?"

Her head turned away, "Why are you saying these horrid things to me, I don't do
that sort of thing, please don't take me anywhere".

Jack put his hand on her pyjama top and completely covered her right breast,
"You got something there, something nice, come on undo your buttons let me have
a look".

Her hand went to her top button, "If I do what you ask will you leave me alone"?

Jack took her jaw in his hand, "All depends on what I see or what I like, but
you won't know until I see them".

Totally at his mercy she undid the three buttons, immediately Jack pulled the
two halves apart and looked at her fine firm small breast's, she had perfect
nipples that pointed out from the centre, he smiled, "Like champignon glass's a
nice mouthful". With the two halves of the top open he could see down to the
bulge of her cunt bush nestling in her thin cotton panties, he liked what he
saw.

She brought her hands up to cover herself; he just slapped them down, "Now about
that apology, why don't you get on your knees, you do know that's the correct
position for a woman"?

Struggling to stay on her feet she implored him, "I can't, I don't know how".

Jack kept pushing, "Don't you worry your pretty little head about that, old Jack
will show you how, there's nothing to it you just kneel down and open your mouth
wide, all I will do is stick my cock firmly in it and fuck your face and you
will swallow everything I pump in to it, now, I won't tell you again, on your
knees".

Under Jacks hand she slowly sank to the floor. With one hand Jack held her
steady with the other he undid his belt, then popped the top button on his
overalls, as he reached for the next button he heard a scraping noise coming
from the wall, and again, he bent and put his ear to the wall.

He pulled Pauline up and propelled her through the door to the next door.
Quietly he got his passkey and slowly inserted it in the lock. With a quick turn
they were both through the door and in to the next bedroom.

Up on the bed was a woman of about 24yrs, she was standing there with a glass in
one hand, it was pressed to the wall and she had her ear on the end. Her other
hand was down the front of the only thing she had on, a pale pair of blue nylon
pants.

She jumped, lost her balance and fell on the bed, the tumbler rattled to the
floor, Jack held Pauline tight as he looked at her.

She had a nice pair of tits, rounder and bigger than Pauline's, in fact she was
bigger all round but quiet pretty. Her tanned face surrounded with lots of curly
hair, her tan made her tit's look even better with them being white.

Jack stared at her, "Eves dropping are we, getting off on a bit of fucking next
door are we"?

She tried to cover her naked tit's but the look of total embarrassment was just
what Jack wanted, she stammered, "Oh I'm so sorry I didn't mean to, I'm really
sorry, oh god I'm so ashamed", she hung her head not daring to look at the two
of them.

Jack shook Pauline, "Looks like another one owes me an apology". Jack stood for
a moment then very slowly he said, "And if she wants to get her passport back I
think she owes you an apology as well", with one shove he threw Pauline on to
the bed.

She pushed Pauline to one side, "Hay what are you doing, I said I'm sorry, I
didn't mean to upset you, I really am sorry". Jack raised his voice, "For fuck
sake shut it, you know she's done nothing but whinge for the last ten minutes so
you can fucking shut it, I'll do the talking and you will do the listening then
you'll do the apologizing, that is if you know what's good for you", he raised
his voice to almost a shout, "Do you understand"?

Both women went very quite, Jack held his belt slowly slapping it on his hand,
"Sit on the edge of the bed", Pauline moved first, "Both of you, now", the other
woman moved until they were both sat together, their heads bowed, apart from the
slap of Jacks belt on his hand the room was in total silence.

"That's better, now you listen and listen good, I have your passports, I can
lose them and I can make life difficult for you, or you two can do as your told,
understand", the two heads nodded.

"You both know the meaning of the word apology, yes", again the heads nodded,
"Good but just to clarify, it means to do something nice to make amends for
inconveniencing someone".

Jack took a step closer to the women, "I have been inconvenienced twice, once by
Pauline for dragging me away from something I was enjoying and once by, what's
your name"?

With out looking up a voice whispered, "Penelope".

"And once by Penelope by taking me away from something I was about to enjoy, so
you see I need an apology from both of you, understand"?

The two heads nodded, as they did Jack brought the belt hard down on his hand,
they both jumped, their hands went to cover their naked breasts.

"Keep your hands by your side, I'll tell you when you can move them", another
slap and their hands were straight down.

Slow and deliberate Jack said, "Penelope as you embarrassed Pauline by listening
to us I think she needs a kiss", a quite, "Nooooo", came from her, Jack slapped
the belt down her head turned and she kissed Pauline's face, "You have got to be
joking, lips and tongue and now".

Pauline turned to face her, Penelope moved forward and kissed her hard on the
mouth, "Keep it there and keep them eyes closed, I'll tell you when your sorry
enough".

Jack moved closer, as he did he undid the rest of the buttons on his trousers
pushed his hand in and pulled his hard cock free.

He closed in on the two women and placed his cock on the kissing lips. They
jumped back, he grinned at the startled looks, "Come on it's for you, kiss it,
both of you kiss it".

They first looked up at him he held the belt menacingly until they looked at
each other, Pauline was the first to bend and kiss the side of the nine inch
throbbing meat, she sat back and Penelope did the same, before they could move
he said, "Now both at the same time and keep your lips there until I tell you
otherwise".

Again the two heads bent to the fat cock kissing it, as both mouths stayed on it
Jack slowly pushed it back and forth enjoying the soft feel of their lips on his
shaft, "Kiss it up and down it's full length then when you get to the tip kiss
each other, remember lips and tongue, then you both get back on my cock, keep
doing that until I say enough".

With a grin of satisfaction he watched the two women kissing up his meat then
their mouths locked on each other, he held them there watching as their mouths
opened allowing them to suck at their tongues before returning to run the same
wet tongues along the full length of his cock.

He put his hands on each of their shoulder before letting them slide down to
grab a round globe in each. The small breast of Pauline fitted in to his hand,
he held it tight. His other hand cupped under Penelope's as he toyed with it
enjoying feeling the weight, imagining them swinging like Sarah's did in the
movie.

He knew he had the two women beaten as he left their tit's alone and grabbed a
handful of hair from each head, "You, Pauline, put the end in your mouth and
tickle it with your tongue while you, Penelope use your tongue to lick my
balls". At first their doleful eyes looked up at him, he smiled at the fear in
their face's, his strong hands gave a vicious shake of their heads until he had
them complying to his orders.

Jack was enjoying the soft feel of Pauline's tongue, he couldn't help but start
to shove it in her mouth further, she chocked and pulled back, Penelope stopped
licking, "Have we got to do this, it's awful, please let us go. Jack face
changed, "Get back on that cock or I promise you I will belt the apology out of
you.

Almost ripping the hair from Pauline's head he dragged her back on to his fat
purple end, Penelope saw that and quickly ran her tongue up his sack.

Now in full control jack started to fuck the sucking lips, he felt himself
coming, as he did he grabbed Penelope and held her firm. Just as he was going to
spurt his juice he pulled back. First the women looked startled then the hot
juice hit them, Jack swung his hips from side to side, his cock spitting it's
juice over the two face's.

Jack pushed them back on the bed, "That's better, in-fact much better out than
in and my juice on your face suits you", he smiled at the cum splattered faces,
"You want to wipe that off"? The sight he loved best, two nodding heads.

He picked the belt up again, "You Penelope, take her pants off and wipe your
face, Pauline you do the same with her pants", he snapped the belt to emphasize
he meant it and they better do it.

Pauline's eyes looked toward him, the belt snapped again, as Penelope sobbed she
shook her head. Jacks arm swung back and let the belt slap on to Pauline's
thigh. Penelope put her hand up then reached for the waistband of Pauline's
pants.

She tugged down as Pauline lifted her butt to allow them to be pulled all the
way down and off. Penelope held the pants before lifting herself up, she nodded
at Pauline who pulled her pants down. They didn't look at Jack as they wiped the
white and blue delicate garments over their faces.

Jack's smile returned, "Smell good, do they"? Penelope looked away, "Your
disgusting making us do this, how could you, you're an animal", Jack smacked the
belt down on the bed between them, "Even disgusting animals mate and tonight I'm
your Lion King". He moved towards the frightened woman, "Stick them under your
nose a see how good them pants smell".

With a shaking hand Penelope lifted Pauline's pants to her nose, Jack swung on
Pauline, "Go on let me see you giving hers a good sniff".

He stood straight and looked at his two playthings as they half lay half sat on
the bed with each others pants held to their cute little nose's.

Jacks eyes fell on Penelope, "Keep sniffin but lay back on the bed and open your
legs, show us what you were playing with, lets see how nice it is".

She slowly shook her head, but Jack raised the belt above Pauline as he said,
"Do it". Still shaking her head she lay back, she stifled a little sob with the
pants. She moved to straighten her legs but Jack shook his head, slowly, with
her knees still up, her legs parted to reveal a thick dark bush above two fleshy
lips, Jack smiled in triumph.

"Now use your free hand and show us what you were doing", he kept the belt close
to Pauline as he watch Penelope's hand slide down, over her stomach to the curly
bush, her finger slid between the opening of her slit and started to rub the end
of her clit.

Jack's eyes held Penelope's like a snake and a mouse, "Faster, give it a good
finger feel, lets see some juice", with a little whimper she rubbed harder.

He stood above the bed gloating in triumph at the pathetic full bodied mid
twenty's woman, one hand holding a pair of another woman's pants under her nose,
the other hand tickling her own cunt, he enjoyed the sight of her fingers
pushing up between the fleshy hood.

"That's it, push your finger all the way up", he just stood and watched, he
could see her finger was wet. He said more to himself more than her, "What could
be nicer then watching a women finger fuck her cunt", he smiled down at her, "I
do believe I know".

Jacks eyes moved to Pauline, "Stop sniffing her pants it's time for you to taste
the real thing", Pauline's saucer like eyes returned but before she could
protest Jack had her by the arm, his belt menacing her again, "Get your face in
between her legs and do it kneeling on the bed with your cute ass up, with your
back arched low and just concentrate with what's nice between her legs, you
should enjoy that, she's got herself started, and while your doing that I'll
concentrate on what's between yours, now do it".

With the aid of Jacks firm grip on her hair Pauline bent between the sniffling
Penelope, her face only an inch from the thick dark bush when Jack said, "Just
like the movies make sure I see that tongue up that hole and working at a fair
rate of knots. Lots of wet slurping noise's, her coming in your face is what I
want and what I'll get or you'll get more than you bargained for".

Jack stroked his cock as it grew rigid again, his eyes riveted on Pauline's
active tongue, he watched as it moved between the fleshy folds of her cunt
searching for the hard nub, her nose pressing in to the thick curly bush, her
arched back propelling her head forward, rocking her chin and mouth between the
spread legs as it searched for the thing that would make Penelope active and end
this humiliation.

Penelope went to move but Jack sat beside her, "Keep those pants up your nose,
my these look hard, are they"?

His fingers toyed with her nipples, pulling at them, then a gentle rubbing until
he heard a groan from behind the pants, Pauline's tongue was doing just what he
hoped, he bent and sucked on the hard long nipple, forcing more moans. He sucked
and licked at her nipples, waiting until her hips started to move, they were
gently raising up to Pauline's mouth. As he got off the bed he watched the hips
now quickly gyrating on to the sucking mouth. He knelt behind Pauline, he placed
his fingers ether side of the exposed holes and pulled her cunt lips apart, his
tongue flicked out and licked at the open slit.

A slightly muffled squeal became a long low moan as he licked at the sensitive
flesh, she didn't take long, soon Jack could taste her wetness as he heard more
moans from the mouth of Penelope, both women were highly aroused, Jack stood up
and pushed his cock in to Pauline's cunt, it slid in all the way.

Slowly at first Jack started fucking the wet hole, nice long slow strokes,
stopping, waiting for her ass to wiggle before plunging in again. Every stroke
got harder, firmer, faster, he was getting faster and as he did he could see the
woman's head pushing further between the out stretched legs. The hips pushing up
meeting the active tongue as it drove up her she was almost eating at the hot
cunt.

He could see Penelope was going to do just as he hoped, she was building to a
climax, suddenly she squealed and juice spurted in too Pauline's face, Jack
thumped on, banging himself in, he had all on to hold the ass that moved on his
cock. As he carried on his fucking to his surprise so Pauline carried on licking
at the sopping wet juicy cunt in her mouth and Penelope's motor was starting up
again, that was to much and he shot his hot cum in to Pauline wet cunt.

He didn't pull out straight away he just left it up her as her cunt muscles
drained out the last drops of his cum. When he did eventually pull out he pulled
both women to him, "Come on ladies lick it clean".

He just stood there as two active mouths worked on his cock, "Keep it up ladies,
I want it hard again and hard again fast".

Jack enjoyed a very nice five minutes of sucking and licking of the women's
mouths all over his cock, so much so that soon he was hard again, "That's good,
all right Penelope, ass fucking time and it's your ass I'm going to fuck, " she
looked a little worried as she said, "I don't know if I can do that, I've never
done that before couldn't you just use me like her"? Jack grabbed her hair as he
lay down on the bed, "I make the fucking rules and the fucking rule is, I've
fucked a cunt so now you get a lesson, I fuck an ass, your ass, so get it over
here and climb aboard".

Jack lay on the bed, Penelope looked at the long hard cock, thick and sticking
straight up, also at his hand as his fingers clicked beckoning her to him.

Penelope looked at him, "I can't, it's to big, please don't make me," Jack
grinned, "You got cream on that table, use it".

Penelope moved to the small dressing table and took the jar of Nevia, she looked
at him for pity, she got nothing, all she got was a evil sneer as she put her
left leg on the small stool, doing this allowed her free access to her now wide
spread ass-hole, she looked away as he laughed, the bastard was taking delight
in watching  as she plunged two fingers in to the jar and moved them between her
legs.

He smiled and nodded at her, watching her humiliate herself as she opened her
legs and pushed cream covered fingers up her ass-hole, Jack watched her with a
sickly grin on his face, before he said "Come and slip some of that on my cock".

Penelope moved over to the bed, looking away as she smeared cream over the top
of the enraged purple head, she heard him say, "That's it baby now sit yourself
on it ".

With a look of horror she moved on to the bed, straddled him and held his
rampant cock. Biting her lip she put her ass-hole over it, staring at him she
held the throbbing male meat and pointed it at her tight entrance. She relaxed
as much as she could as she forced herself to slide down on to it.

 As she did she looked at him, "How could you make me do this, it hurts, I don't
like it, please don't make me". It was as though she hadn't spoke, he just
ignored her pleadings and forced her down then turned and looked at Pauline,
"Come here you and sit on my face, I want to tongue fuck that tasty cunt of
yours and you can play with her tit's while I fuck a couple of very nice holes".

As Penelope moved her ass on his cock Pauline straddled his face. Jack watched
the neat slit descend towards his face; he stuck his tongue out savouring the
moment it would come in contact with the opening wet cunt.

Just before he could enjoy sucking and licking at the sweet hole he reminded her
to kiss and play with Penelope's body, and he told her, "Do her good I will be
watching".

Her heard her squeal as his tongue slipped up her slit, to his surprise he heard
them kissing almost immediately, he knew he had power over them but this was so
good. Her ass pushed up and down his shaft, he could hear both of the squealing
and he could taste the wetness of Pauline's cunt, it was to much for Jack.

He pushed her off, "Right you", he pointed at Penelope, "Get on your back I want
to fuck your ass while I look at you", he looked at Pauline, "And you get your
mouth back on her cunt and keep your mouth open, I will want to use your lips a
few times while I'm enjoying fucking her ass".

He knelt on the bed, Penelope's thighs were spread as wide as they could be as
Pauline knelt over her left leg and started licking the wet gash. Jack first
stuck his cock in her mouth, he thought god that looks good as her cheek pushed
out as his cock drove in. Twenty strokes had his cock wet and slippery; he
pulled out and pushed at Penelope's ass-hole, this time it slid in all the way,
he grinned at her, "Like a hot knife in to butter".

His right hand held Pauline's head, first pushing it further in to the open cunt
then dragging it back to lick over his cock as in drove in to the tight
ass-hole, occasionally he would pull it all the way out so he could feel
Pauline's tongue on it as she sucked it in to her mouth.

Jack lasted another ten minutes before he built himself up to cuming in
Penelope's ass, then pulled it out and slid it in to an open mouth for Pauline
to clean.

It was three thirty in the morning, Jack looked at the two females, "I think
I'll spend the rest of the night right her, right between you two". Pauline
looked up, "Don't you think we have apologized enough, please let us sleep we
have a long way to travel today".

Jack got on the bed, "Lay ether side of me, you can sleep on the train, that is
if I choose to let you go".

Reluctantly the women moved ether side of him, he laid there heads on his chest
and draped his arms over them feeling a breast in each hand, his fingers toyed
with hard nipples, "Play with it ladies", he gave a small laugh, "You never know
I may just go to sleep".

Jack did not sleep; he humiliated the two women for the rest of the night.
Holding both their heads in each hand driving first one mouth then the other
down on to his meat. Watched them as they lay at his cock, a tongue tickling and
licking each side of the head. If he felt himself coming he would stop them and
make them explore each other's bodies with their tongues, his hand was quick to
slap their ass's if the tongue was not up far enough, it never was.

When he decided he wanted to cum again he had them 69 each other, he didn't
allow them to stop even if they climaxed. He walked each side of the bed
sticking his cock in a pussy, cunt or mouth, he could do what he liked to them,
when he liked and with no argument. He was very pleased with himself, he came
first in Penelope's mouth, then her cunt and last up Pauline's ass, he was
determined to have had all six holes that night.

He pulled his overalls back on and pulled Pauline back to her room, as he closed
her door he looked back at her, "Let that be a lesson to you not to annoy
people", he closed the door and returned to his office.

As he walked across the small courtyard Pauline knocked on Penelope's door and
slid in, "That was great almost as good as those two brothers where when we
pretended to get locked out and had to wake them at some ungodly hour".

Penelope laughed, "Well it's more fun than getting involved with men, we still
get fucked but without the hassle and they like to think we are subservient".


                                                                    Pagan.




Copyright, Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

                        Another story about Pauline's.


                                The Perils of Pauline's 13

                                       Pauline Parker.

It wasn't that long ago was it; I mean it only seems like yesterday. I remember
that night, Christ I was mad with him, I looked absolutely stunning, well at
least I thought so, nice tight top with thin shoulder straps and no bra, me with
no bra, tits my size and my nipples looked positively indecent. The skirt,
nicely pleated not too short but rather sexy and he used to say red turned him
on especially with dark, fancy topped stocking. My hair bobbed nicely on my
shoulders and I had taken time with the little make up, but no, the man I loved
and the only one I wanted to touch me just sat in the chair and as usual fell
asleep.

I stormed upstairs, I was trying everything to get this marriage to work, it had
only been seven years, Jesus if it wasn't for money I'd leave the prat, I
thought he may want rid of me but I'd screw him for everything, I mean I didn't
know if he was looking or fucking with someone else but he certainly wasn't
fucking with me and I needed it.

 I'd been going to the gym with the girls for six months to tighten up any
sagging bits but there weren't any bits that were sagging, my tits were firm and
hard, my ass was full and round, slim waist, what was I to do, I'd even made a
fool of myself by buying and showing him sex toys and bondage gear hoping it
would excite him.

One night a week at the bowling alley with my girl friends was the only little
bit of fun I was getting, god I was good to look at, ten years ago I was a
teenage model and at the alley I noticed men looking at me and even heard
complements, if you can call, "I'd like to get my hands in that gorgeous bitch's
pants", a complement.

Well to hell with him, that's what I thought, tonight I'm going to the bowling
alley with the girls and I'm going dressed like this, I remember standing in
front of the mirror thinking it, well I need to get this off my chest and the
girls were all I had to talk to, my neighbour was a bitch she hated me, I think
she liked dozy Derek down stairs the way they whispered together so to hell with
the lot of them, I'm out.

Stupid me I arrive at the alley with out my purse, luckily Trish was there and
paid the taxi for me, we just got started when the two blokes that had kept
eyeing me up arrived. The way I was dressed certainly stopped them in their
tracks, I could see them sat up on the bench watching every time I took my turn.

I don't know how it happened but Trish got a call and had to go, she lent me my
cab fair home and shot off, I got myself sorted out and went to ring for the
Taxi, but could I find the money, I rushed out after Trish but she had gone,
shit I thought when out of nowhere the two men drove up in a big 4X4, "Want a
lift"?

My first thought was no but how the hell was I to get home, I told them where I
lived and they did say it was on their way so I got in. As I sat in the front
seat I realised just how short my skirt was, I was showing quite a bit of dark
stocking'd thigh and the cold air had done disgusting things to my nipples.

We drove on, they were very chatty and they made me laugh, I was enjoying the
attention so much I was blurting out to many secrets, I suppose it was because I
was still mad with Derek that I told them how useless he was even down to the
sex toys and bondage gear I had at home and that sometimes I was glad he went
away every Wednesday and Thursday; I really didn't notice that we were heading
in a different direction than normal, when I did mention to him that I didn't
recognise the area, he just said, "Whopps", and went to turn round.

He turned left in to a small lane and found a wide field entrance, he backed in
to it but as he pulled forward the car jumped and stopped; he tried to start it
again but it wouldn't, "Shit it's flooded", I didn't know what that meant, he
looked at me as his mate said, "Let it stand for a couple of minutes, then it
should start".

The driver turned to me, "I suppose as we're stuck here for a while we better
introduce ourselves, I'm Jack and that's Tony and you are"?

"Pauline, Pauline Parker", they both moved closer to me, "Well Pauline Parker
what's a beauty like you doing out alone in a car with two strange men"?

I looked at them and thought yes what am I doing, I stammered, "Trying to get
home", he put his hand on my knee, "Trying it on more like, do you know how
beautiful you are"? I was just about to make a clever reply when the one behind
held my hair and said, "Or how desirable you are"?

I tried to move my head as I said, "Please", but that's all I got out as his
hand slid further up my leg. "Yes that's what your ass looked like it was saying
when you were wiggling it at everybody at the alley tonight, come on your
gagging for a bit of fun".

My hair was being pulled hard, "No, no really just take me home, please, I'm not
like that", just as I said that his hand touched my naked flesh between my
stocking tops and my pants, I jumped and squirmed but he didn't stop, I felt his
hand move to the top of my thigh and then to my pants.

As I put my hands down to fend him off, hands came from behind and closed over
my breast's, I shouted at them, "Stop for Christ sake keep your hands to
yourselves", but that was a waste of time. The hands behind slid up, one hand
plunged down the front of my top, immediately touching my nipple; hands were
everywhere. I tried to stop them but as my hand came up his free hand grabbed it
and held tight.

The same thing happened as I tried to dislodge the hand up my skirt, there I was
in the middle of nowhere my hands held and two men I didn't know touching me and
I was feeling something I shouldn't be feeling.

The bastards knew I was getting aroused, well it had been a while and to be
honest the last thing to excite me was plastic and it buzzed so being held tight
and having fingers touching me, I felt my body starting to respond and they knew
it.

The one on my right pushed hard between my legs, "Come on Pauline open them up
you know you want your cunt felt, your gagging for my fingers up you, don't
fight it just spread them nice and wide and I'll do the rest". My head rolled
back, I couldn't help it my nipples have always been sensitive and they were
being pulled and tweaked and as my head lay back the one who was inflecting the
excitement on my tits let go of my hand and pulled my hair so I faced him, he
kissed me hard, I gasped as his tongue pushed in to my mouth, I surrendered.

As his fingers pushed between my legs they opened, what they were doing and what
they were saying was having an uncontrollable effect on me. I was getting turned
on by what they were saying they were going to do to me and I knew my body had
no way of stopping them.

As the mouth sucked and mashed in to mine I heard, "That's it open your fucking
gorgeous legs, your pants are sticky, you hot assed cunt you're soaking", I felt
his fingers at the entrance to my cunt. As they pushed and stroked at my fat wet
cunt lips I slid down, I was ashamed as I heard him snigger, "Oh yes that's it
let me have it all, you want my fingers now but you'll want my cock up there
soon, we're going to fuck you and your going to let us, oh yes, I knew the
second you got in this wagon you were going to be in the back, naked, on your
knees with me and Tony fucking you both ends and you gagging for it, now lets
have a look at it".

I felt my pants being pulled down, the one kissing me stopped, turned and moved
to the back of the wagon, I look at the grinning man as my pants pulled past my
knees, "No, no please don't I'm a married woman".
My pants dropped to my ankles as his finger went back to my cunt his thumb
rubbing over my very hard sex button, he was still grinning as I groaned and
pushed down on to his fingers, "Your married to a useless dick head so shut up
while we service you for him".

His fingers tickled up inside me, my head lolled back on the seat, "Oh god this
is wrong you shouldn't be doing this, oohhhh why is it can't resist"? Tony bent
over and grabbed at the bottom of my top and pulled, "Why, because you're a cock
hungry cunt, now lets strip you and have you", I didn't want it torn so I put my
hands up and it slid off, I was now naked to the waist, Jack immediately bent
and sucked at my nipple, I squealed as his tongue licked furiously at my hard
long bud.

Tony said, "Come on the seats are down get her in the back", Tony turned me and
started to pull me over the seat as he did Jack unzipped my skirt and pulled it
down. A hard slap on my naked ass catapulted me in to the back as I heard, "Get
your gorgeous ass over there, we're going to fuck you, we're going to fuck your
hot horny ass and cunt tonight".

  I found myself lying in the back of this big 4X4 in just my dark stocking. It
must have been big as I lay there my ankles were hoisted up on to the front
seats letting Tony drive his face between my legs while Jack went to work on my
nipples, I shouted and squealed at the building climax. As I came a let out a
real gurgling squeal and spurted my juice in to Jacks face, he grinned at me,
"You're a screamer, ain't fucked a screamer since school day, with what we are
going to do to you tonight I should have brought ear-plugs".

Tony laughed with him as they dragged me round and got me on my hands and knees,
"Lets see you scream around this", his cock swung in my face, I tried to say no
but Jack was back at my cunt again, peeling the lips back and running the end of
his cock in to the wet slippery hole touching my aroused clit, a sort of ahh,
ahh, sound came out my open mouth until Tony filled it with his cock.

Then with a fierce shove Jack slammed in to me, the force excited me to a fever
pitch, I bucked my hips back as he slammed himself in to my wet cunt, holding my
hips and driving at me, just pure lust and the cock in my mouth was just the
same.

I felt myself cuming again, this time harder than the first as they filled me
both ends, swallowing his cum I screamed and wiggled draining them of juice,
sucking the cock in my mouth dry and pumping myself at the cock still stuck up
my cunt. After they pulled out of me I lay in the back of the wagon trying to
catch my breath but they weren't done with me yet.

Jack knew what he was doing and Tony followed his lead, suddenly I was on my
back again fingers were dancing over my cunt and tits, as my body twitched in to
another erotic state my legs just opened, they knew they had me, fingers pulled
at my nipples and I groaned.

 Jack said, "Keep her cunt hot and we can do anything we like to her". I lay
there squirming under their relentless touch, then my head was held, "Suck us
hard again then I'll do your ass", I tried to stop them but with fingers now
pushing at my cunt and cocks pushing at my mouth, I was gagging as the hard
cock-head thumped in to the back of my throat as it grew to its full length and
the excitement made my body tingle they were right I was theirs to do with as
they pleased.

Tony, now hard from fucking my mouth lay on the floor while I straddled him and
lowered myself on to his rigid meat then I lent forward as Jack, first played
around my ass-hole before filling it; I had never done anything like this
before, always just one man but this sensation was incredible as they both
fucked me, Jack was insatiable banging in to me so hard and deep as I bounced on
Tony cock I have never screamed to an orgasm like that before but boy did I
raise the roof when I came that time.

They both decided to let me suck them hard again, at one point both of them
tried to fuck my mouth at the same time before both of them used my cunt again
then said they both wanted me to go home filled with their cum, then and only
then I was allowed to dress, clean myself up and be driven home, I had to suffer
hands all over my tits pinching my nipples and a hand up my skirt playing with
my hot filled cunt but I sat there with my legs open thinking, at least I wasn't
left in a field I was taken to my door.

 Do you know he was still asleep where I'd left him, well one thing it did
allowed me a shower and to get ready for bed, I pretended I'd been in bed all
the time and went down to ask him if he was coming to bed, he did and went to
sleep, the state my sore well filled cunt was in, thank god.

Now I don't normally drink in the daytime because I don't take it to well but
this particular Wednesday I felt low so I had a couple, I had a third while
having a long bath feeling pretty fed up with all things. I was half dressed and
wearing a house robe when the door bell rang, I guessed it may be a parcel for
Derek so I staggered down stairs feeling a little woozy, opened the door and to
my horror it was Jack, Tony and another guy, before I had time to speak, Jack
stepped in, "Look Pauline we have come to apologize for a fortnight ago, we were
in the area showing Tim the neighbourhood when we decided to say sorry, here
Tony's got some flowers".

I was amazed and I could see curtains moving across the road, I quickly ushered
them in and closed the door. Jack was his usual funny man self, saying silly
things that made me laugh. As I took the flowers Tim asked him why he had to
apologize, I froze but he just said, "Oh we were rude about this beautiful
ladies husband a couple of weeks ago at the bowling alley and as she didn't come
last week we thought we had upset her, so forgive me please forgive me", he
dropped to his knees with his hands clasped, I laughed and tottered a little, he
knew I had been drinking.

Jack smiled, "So there's a drink to celebrate our forgiveness is there"? I said,
"Help yourself", I don't know why but I was enjoying a little company and the
complements were being poured over me, Tim said, "Well you were right about
going to see one of the most attractive ladies you had ever met I'm just
surprised you could have been so rude".

Tony was quickly in, that was after he had poured me another drink, "It's not
that we meant anything it's just that her husband is not, how shall I say, nice
to her so we called him a lot of names". Tim pushed for an answer, "Not nice in
what way"?

I laughed at how they were trying to come up with all these lies when Jack said,
"Do you know he doesn't want to do the business with this beautiful woman, no
not even kinky stuff". I giggled but Tim said, "What do you mean kinky stuff"?

Jack stood up and pointed at me, "This lovely lady offered him sex toys and
bondage and still he said no". Tim looked wide-eyed, "What do you mean sex
toys"? Jack coughed, "You know plastic things". Tim shook his head, "Never seen
one". Tony looked at me, "Still got them, would you mind, can we show this
novice"?

I was under the influence of the drink and laughing a little too much, I just
came out with, "They're in a shoe box in the hall cupboard, what good it will do
you". Tony went a got the box, opened it and scattered the contents over the
coffee table, he whistled as he picked up one of the vibrators and a pair of
hand cuffs, "Boy you weren't joking, see these there vibrators", he showed them
to Tim, Jack picked up a cock shaped gag, "Are these any good, I thought they
were just for porn movies"?

I giggled like a silly schoolgirl, "I don't know never had chance to show him
but I would think so". Jack looked at it, "No it's rubbish I think they ripped
you off, it can't work, look", he stuck it in his mouth but still seem to talk
round it, "See you were conned they saw how gullible you were, easy money and
took it ".

I was most indignant, drunk as I was I pushed myself up from the chair, "They
did not see easy money and I'm not gullible". Jack turned and faced me, O K
prove it", I grabbed the strap, pulled my hair up and fastened the fat four inch
cock tightly in to my mouth and tried to speak but just ahh, ahh, a, ahh, came
out, Jack stood in front of me, "Your faking it, I bet you'd soon talk if, err,
if, I know if we tickled you".

Tony moved behind me and started to tickle me, now as you know my body is
sensitive and I am ticklish and in my tipsy state I tried to move, I put my
hands out, Jack grabbed one hand as Tony held the other and they pulled me back
over the chair, they moved to my feet.

I was kicking and squirming, I tried to shout at them but in my stupidity to be
proven right the thick cock gag was well and truly fastened, I looked down to
see my robe slowly coming undone. As the arms slide down so Jack and Tony pulled
at them, with me moving and struggling they soon had it off and on the floor,
Jack looked at Tim, "Bring the cuffs over here".

I felt so stupid when the metal clicked around my wrists, they just threw me on
the sofa, my tits swung wildly under my black slip, that and my black panty's
were all I had on, Tim caught my ankles under his arm and looked at Tony, "Give
me one of them vibrators", one was switched on and handed to him, he gripped my
ankles hard together and ran it under my feet, the light tickling sensation had
my hips and legs jumping and me squealing around the gag.

Tony and Jack took off their jackets, they went to the coffee table and both of
them picked up other vibrators, Tony went behind the sofa and Jack sat on the
arm, "Lets just see how ticklish you really are".

Tony slid his down the front of my slip, I tried to move but the continues
tickling of my feet kept me squirming all over the place, I felt his other hand
pull the front of my slip forward giving him full view of my breasts, he guided
the tip of the vibrator on to my areolas, it was like a electric shock as the
buzzing sensation moved to my nipples.

As I jumped and humped to the two tormenting dildos the third was about to
destroy my resistance, Jack pulled my slip up and grabbed at the crutch of my
panty's and with a deft touch laid the tip of his vibrating tormentor on my
labia, he pushed and ran the tip relentlessly in between the fold touching my
clitoris driving my cunt in to spasms of pleasure.

I tried to scream around the rubber cock but all that came out was a stifled
moan as my body jumped, my hips started to thrust up to capture the plastic cock
as it played around my cunt lips, it slipped in then pulled back to tease my
clitoris all the time my nipples grew harder, the sensitivity so aroused I
needed them sucked but not by these three perverted bastards.

I was helpless, they continued to tickle me until Tim stopped, he let go of my
legs, I couldn't help it, I was so worked up, Jack played the vibrator all over
my hot wet cunt, my legs open allowing access to me, allowing him to do what
ever he wanted to me. Tony was tickling one nipple with the dildo, the other
nipple he squeezed between his fingers, then he let Tim push my slip straps down
off my shoulders, the bastard grabbed the tit he was pulling at and pointed it
at Tim, "Their big beauties aren't they go on have a suck, Pauline won't mind",
he laughed as he said, "It's just like mothers only this mother your going to go
in to not come out".

I was about to scream some sort of obscenity at them when Tim's mouth latched
over my nipple and sucked, at the same moment Jack turned the vibrator he was
playing over my clit up to full speed and sank it deep inside me, I writhed, my
hips pushed up and all I could do was groan as the sheer pleasure of a building
climax washed over me.

The three of them aroused me to my climax, screaming loudly around the gag I
spurted my juice over the invading vibrator and sank back, but not for long,
rough hands grabbed me and forced me to my feet, Jack stood in front of me his
hands caressing my tits, Tony and Tim held me as Tony's hand fingered at my wet
cunt, I couldn't help but moan, Jack smiled, " Lets take this hot assed cunt
upstairs and have some real fun with her, you told us your old man was away on
Wednesday's so for the rest of the day your going to let us do what ever we like
with you, we are going to make you so horny you'll fuck us inside", his grin
grew wider as he ran his fingers between my tits, " And out, come on lets give
you something more interesting to suck on".

They pulled at my weakened body, still bound and gagged I was dragged along the
hall to the stairs, fingers pinched and probed at me as I was man-handled up the
stairs and in to my bedroom.

They threw me on to my bed and took their clothes off. Tim was the first beside
me, "Sorry about the straps," as he ripped the shoulder straps of my slip and
pulled it over my head and slung it on the floor, Jack ripped my panty's down my
legs and they joined my slip.

Jack came round to the front of me as Tony undid the gag, Jack smiled at me as
he pulled the fat rubber cock out of my mouth, "Sorry to deprive you but I'm
sure you'd rather have this", he waved his cock in my face, "You bastards you
planned all this, go on get the fuck out of my house, you perverted shits, can't
you get a woman with out tying her up".

He still smiled at me, "Is that it, tell me is that all the protest's over, your
conscience clear now, ready to suck some cock, you know you will, you know
you'll have all our cocks banging in and out of your mouth sometime this
afternoon and you'll love it to and we'll enjoy your tongue as it licks all over
our balls".

I screamed at him the hell I wa, wi,ahh, ahh, Tony pushed the vibrator right up
me as he played another over my clit, I couldn't help it, it was unbelievable my
mouth opened and Jack stuffed his cock in to it, "There I told you, first my
cock with some ball licking then you will give the other two the same treatment
and don't forget your other two holes are going to get a real working over".

Jack held my head up as Tony pushed and moved the buzzing plastic in me moving
it at all angles, the one touching my sex button continued to make my hips move.
Jack pushed his meat in to my mouth, making me suck on it, "That's it Pauline do
what you do best suck cock, come on all the way, oh you have a wicked tongue",
he turned to Tim, "Timmy boy you want to fuck this pretty ladies face, I'm sure
she will suck your cock, come on don't be shy she gives good head", he looked
down at me, "You don't mind sucking my mates cock, you know you like a good
length of meat in your mouth, beside I'm going to start work on your cunt and
I'll make sure you like that".

As Tim sank his cock in to my mouth Jack started tickling me with the other
vibrator on that sensitive area between my cunt and ass hole, I groaned and
wiggled my ass, that only encouraged them more, a finger screwed up my ass and
now my whole body was a mass of building pleasure.

As I humped on to the invading objects the handcuffs were released and to my own
disgust my hands moved straight to the cock that was pumping in to my mouth and
I played with it cupping the balls and dragging it in to my sucking mouth as I
started to loudly squeal around it.

Jack could see my cunt humping at their relentless torment, I heard him whisper
to Tony, suddenly I was turned, the small vibrator they had been using on my
clit took the place of the one up my cunt, he pushed it completely inside me and
they both turned me to sit on it all the time Tim held my head hard down on his
cock until I found myself sitting on this pulsating plastic cock, sucking Tim
with my arms extended out each side jerking off Tony and Jack as their hands
pinched at my nipples.

All three grinned at me as I rocked back and forth, my squeals becoming more of
a scream as my mouth gurgled its sound round seven inch's of Tim's cock. Finally
I came, so did Tim but the other two grabbed my hands and held them on to their
hard lengths of meat forcing me to pump them as they emptied themselves over my
tits, legs and my bed covers.

I fell back on my bed, hands held my wrists above my head as fingers stroked at
my aroused cunt, the vibrating tube still up me, I groaned begging to be
released but all I got were mouths sucking at my sensitive nipples. Again they
forced themselves on me, feelings started to build in me; I was soon squirming
all over the bed.

Jack pulled his mouth off my nipple, "That's the way we like you Pauline,
helplessly hot, all sexed up and unable to say no to what ever we want you to do
now lets have you on your hands and knees, lets have a fuck at you both ends to
start with, Tony you're a tit man get under her and suck on them big cute udders
while Tim here gives her one up the cunt doggy style and me, oh I think it's
back in Pauline's cute cock hungry mouth for a bit more sucking and tonguing".

I knew then why they had made me use my hands on them for the next twenty
minutes I had two climax's forced on me before they came pumping first up me
from behind then down my throat, I lay flat on my bed as the three stood round
me, I felt some one climb behind me and push my legs apart, I was about to turn
and say, no more, when my ass was stung, then again and again.

 I tried to turn but my ankles were held stopping me, I put my hands back to
protect my ass but they were held up forcing me to wiggle down the bed so I
could raise my ass up to stop the pain in my arms, two more slaps then a wet
finger pushed at my anal passage, I tried to move but as the cock took the place
of the finger hands gripped around my thighs and fingers tickled over my hot wet
cunt, I was putty in their hands, I put my head down and pushed back, the cock
slid past my rectum entrance and filled my ass with another sensation.

He fucked my ass really hard and I found I loved it, I orgasmed twice, his
fingers played with my cunt, tickling at my sex button as I screamed in to the
pillow, I couldn't help it, the other two laughed as I tried to control myself
but that was of no use because an hour later I was screaming again this time
with Tony on top of me fucking me hard, they seemed to be in competition with
each other, each one trying to make me scream louder with each hard fucking they
knew the harder I was fucked the louder I screamed, I think Jack won.

I was sat bouncing up and down on his cock with him playing one of the vibrators
over my clit, I shook with three multiple orgasms before collapsing on the bed
exhausted. I lay there unable to move, Jack and Tim dressed but Tony being a tit
man as he put it finished me off by fucking off between my tits, I was lying on
my own bed covered in three strangers wet sticky cum as he dressed and thank god
they all left after that.

I made a fire of the shoe box and its contents, bathed and slept until about
ten, I was in my robe making coffee wondering what time that evening to have
dinner ready for Derek when the back door burst open, it was the woman from next
door, she slammed it shut, "Whore".

I was stunned; I just looked at her, "Pardon". She grabbed the front of my robe
and shook me, "Whore I called you a whore, I heard you yesterday, screaming all
afternoon, things like fuck me, fuck me, how many were there, sounded like a
bloody football team and you were keeping them happy with your legs open, just
wait until I tell Derek".

 Oh shit I thought, dam my screaming, I went in to panic mode, "No please don't
tell Derek they forced me, I was unable to resist they made me do it, I couldn't
help it, oh god, please don't tell Derek", I started to sob. She stood looking
at me, my head in my hands shaking, "Why shouldn't I? Why should you have all
the fun, your pussy's alright, nicely fucked, I hate it when my husbands wants
it, big and thick, goes on for hours and bloody painful, I never get to enjoy
it, nothing gentle, then there's you having a great time being fucked stupid, it
made me wet".

Still with my head in my hands I sobbed, "Don't tell him, for god sake, he would
leave me, I know he would". She was stood beside me; one foot up and resting on
the bottom rung of the kitchen stool, she grabbed the back of my head.

I was startled as she pulled my hair back forcing me to look at her, "So you
don't want me to tell dear Derek, then kneel down", I looked quizzically at her
but another pull of my hair had me down on my knees, "You made me wet yesterday
and I could do nothing about it, so today you can make me wet again only this
time you will do something about it, you'll drink it".

I just knelt there dumbstruck as she undid her skirt and let it fall, she had no
pants on and this bush of dark brown curls stared me in the face, she put her
foot back on the rung, "Lick me out you whore". As her foot went back I could
see this fleshy slit and I knew I had to do it, I hadn't done anything with a
woman, the only thing like it was back at school and that wasn't very much, yet
her I was knelt on my kitchen floor staring at the wet cunt of a woman I
despised.

I lent forward and licked at it, just licking at the curls not wanting to touch
the wet slit, I noticed how puffy and swollen the flesh was, she suddenly pushed
forward my tongue sank in to the slit, I tasted her, not unpleasant, I had
started so there was no going back. I tickled at the hood covering her clitoris
and sucked the folds in to my mouth, her hips pushed at me, holding me. I put my
hands on her thighs, forced my head between her legs and pushed my tongue
further in to the slit tickling the folds as I did. I had been knelt on our
kitchen floor for ten minutes sucking and licking at this woman's cunt when she
grabbed my hair and dragged me, like a dog on all fours, in to the living room
and went and sat in my chair, I was curious to know how she knew the lay out of
our house but I didn't have time to think as she sat, opened her legs and pulled
my face back between her legs.

She demanded I stick a finger up her cunt and finger fuck her while I licked, I
felt totally humiliated but I did it, I did it until she came, she forced my
mouth open and made me completely cover her hole while she spurt all her juice
in to my mouth and then laughed at me as I swallowed it and she just looked at
me like a piece of trash as she demanded I licked the rest off her cunt hairs
and thighs.

She just stood up and said, "Not bad, well at least you have found your station
in life, thank you whore", and walked out the door, I knelt dazed and
humiliated, sticky female juice covered my face, I hoped I'd never see her
again.

I remembered Derek acted very strange that week, hardly spoke at all, said he
felt tired and needed to walk to wake himself up, then he dropped out that his
next trip away was a five day conference so he would need more clothes, so I
dutifully ironed a lot of things for him and he left on the Wednesday morning.
That was about two hours before the bank rang and asked why we had withdraw all
our savings and closed the account with standing orders still outstanding, now
talk about panic mode.

I went to get dressed, I had to go to the bank and explain, I remember I was
just in pants, bra and slip, oh yes and stocking when there was a terrific crash
downstairs, I grabbed at my robe and rushed down hoping to see Derek, but no it
was the man from next door, "Your husband has buggered off with my wife, he's
divorcing you for being unfaithful with different men, you stupid bitch, why".

I tried to calm him I told him I didn't know they were having an affair and
these men forced me it wasn't my fault, he got hold of my shoulders and pushed
my robe off, it fell to the floor, "Then this isn't my fault ether", he threw me
down on the sofa and pulled my pants off.

He put a cushion on my stomach and knelt on it to hold me down, I was pleading
with him not to fuck me, to let me go, this was no way to sort the problem out,
but he wasn't listening he was undoing his joggers and letting them fall it was
then I realized what his wife had meant, over ten inch's long, very thick around
and as hard as iron, I tried to turn away.

He grabbed hold of my bra and pulled me up, it snapped and tore in his powerful
hands; as did my slip, his face smashed in to mine and he kissed me hard on the
mouth as his hands pulled my ass towards him holding me against his enormous
cock. He turned me easily round and over the sofa, holding me he drove himself
in me, first I thought I would never take it but he held me firm and slowly,
gentle stuffed the enter length up my cunt, god it felt big as my cunt stretched
to accommodate it but it felt fantastic.

He drove in to me so hard he was lifting me off the floor, I had an orgasm
almost immediately then he drove me to another before he flooded my cunt with,
what seemed, a gallon of his cream. I just turned dropped to my knees and sucked
any cum that was left out of him but I couldn't help myself I kept sucking at
this huge meat in my mouth until it started to grow again, to my disbelief it
grew rock hard again and soon he was on his back and I was straddled across him
bouncing my wet cunt up and down this huge pole screaming at the top of my
voice; his hands did magic things to my nipples whilst I came to the biggest
multiple orgasm anyone could have.

We both lay in a heap on the lounge floor, he looked at me, "Do you know my
name"? I looked at him and said I think its Graham. He smiled, "Oh well you have
noticed me", I laughed and said will if I hadn't then I have now, I must say you
fuck me like I always wanted to be fucked making me scream, then he blew my mind
he just said, "I love you and have for a long time, that's why I said why did
you go with those men? I've wanted you ever since I first laid eyes on you and I
would have done anything for you".

I laughed and said, you better have money because I'm in big trouble right now,
he burst out laughing, "Well my sweet you are the only other person to know, I
just won 2.5 million and that bitch don't know it and can't get at it, you want
me to fuck you as we go places?"

Well my reader that's it, I'm about to roll these bits of paper up put them in a
bottle and throw them overboard, if you find them enjoy my story and let it be a
lesson, there's always something around the corner, that's if you shout loud
enough for it, so here it goes over the side of our forty foot power cruiser,
she really goes that's why we called her, THE SCREAMER.
                                                               

                                                                             
Pagan.




Copy-right, Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

          Another short stories of Pauline's by Pagan.

                         The Perils of Pauline 14

                                         Pauline (Acker.)


Watching out this window is one of my favourite pastimes. This old cottage has
been my hidey hole for, well, shall I say a long time.

This cottage was the old game-keepers abode for many years, it over-sees the
entire estate and allows me unobserved views of the people visiting the main
house.

The main house, sitting in 200 hundred acres of ground is the magnificent
Darlsford Manor, a lovely big old mansion house. It was taken over by something
called the trust about 25 years ago. They cleaned it up and did a lot of repairs
just so people could come and look at it in all its former glory. From this
viewpoint I can see all the patronising coach parties that come for their
educational visits to the gardens etc.

This is a wonderful place to hide from my dark past; I don't think they will
ever catch me here. It is one of the houses on the estate that's not for
renovation so I suppose it will eventually fall down but for now that's
eventually.

Any way I can watch and observe and this day is my favourite. Can't you see it's
junior's day and everywhere we look we can see some lovely young girls around
the grounds especially some nice guides, can you see them in that small group?

Oh bloody hell, look can you see, in amongst those bush's it's them two, shit I
hope their not coming here. Two fucking scruffy bastards, they've hid here many
times before, always kept out of their way, I really don't like them, nasty pair
of shits and their watching those guides too.

I can see their watching one in particular, the same one that caught my eye, can
you see, if not I'll describe her. God what a beauty, I would say she must be,
maybe 14 or 15 but the way she acts, she's looks like she's going on 19 come 20.

Don't you agree, there's something about a girl guide uniform, that black skirt
and hers is shorter than regulation length, she really is showing some nice
lithe thigh and she fills out that cute blue top, big girl for her age
considering her narrow waist.

Just look at the way she shows herself off, cute button nose over full pouting
lips, sparkling eyes, all toped off by flouting her long blond ponytail. And I'm
sure it was some kinky perverted bastard that made them wear white ankle socks,
fucking hell she does look the business.

Oh hello the guide mistress is telling her off, I don't think she's to bothered
about looking at some bloody flowers. See I guessed right, the pack is going in
to the gardens but she ain't, she's about to do a runner.

Look she's coming this way, now that's one good looking piece of ass. Her tit's
make that uniform stand out, I can even make out the badge, The Pauline Acker
Memorial Troop, what the fuck that is god knows.

Those two haven't taken their eyes off her and their following, look, can you
see them moving to the left of those trees? If she keeps going they will cut her
off behind here, come on let's get to the back window and watch.

Can you see all right? Here she comes, see her coming from behind that old
broken down shed and there they are, one's going left past that small bush the
others gone towards the shed.

Oh clever, he's kneeling down pretending to have cut himself on the bush and she
looks so concerned, aaahhhh, I do believe she's going to help him, what a good
guide or what a fucking idiot.

Look at him he can't take his eyes off her fucking legs as she goes towards him
and if you look left his mate is with in striking distance, I do believe she
about to be had.

Go on girly just a little closer, little bit more, that's it, he's standing up,
she looks confused and she doesn't notice the one behind. The one in front is
talking to her, keeping her distracted. The one behind only needs six more
steps.

One, two, three, four, slowly, slowly don't want to lose her now, five and, got
her. She's struggling but that bastards a strong mean fucker, he's got one hand
over her mouth and her arms pinned to her side. I thought the other would go for
the legs. Shit, fuck me, their carrying her in here.

Quick follow me, don't want them to get a sniff of me but I want to watch this,
shit do I want to watch, come on. Get back against there, I got a great view of
the old parlour from here, if you can't see enough I'll tell you what's going
on.

Here they are just coming through the door, she struggling as they stand her
down but with the grip he's got she's no chance. Fuck me the little ones come
prepared, he's got rope from his pocket, he's back on her legs again, tying
those pretty ankles together, go on nice a tight, we don't want her going
anywhere.

It's a lovely noise, that mmmmmmppphhh a girl makes when there's a big hand
keeping their sexy mouths shut, a real turn on. It's good to watch pro's at
work, did you see how he didn't take any notice of those lovely perfectly shaped
curves of her legs, no sir, just got up and measured the rope to fit nicely
around those little wrists and up to her elbow's, methodical is the word I'm
looking for.

You should see those big brown eyes, so wide; she looks absolutely petrified,
staring at him as he puts the loop in the end of the rope, she just flinched as
he yanked it to make sure it was solid.

Just listen to that lovely squealing; he just grabbed one wrist, pulled it
behind her, now the other, you can see he's done that before.
The one holding her mouth has just spun her round and before she had time to
scream; one hand behind her head and the other now firmly clamped over the front
as he stares in to those big brown eyes.

He's got an evil grin; he's shaking his head at her. The one with the rope is
tying an elbow; the end is turned around the other elbow and then threaded back
through the first loop; ouch, did you see the way he yanked that rope, nearly
broke her arms as her elbows smashed together; Three more turns and knotted, oh
christ just look at her tit's their almost bursting out that blue top.

I thought it would, that blue neckerchief they wear, I knew it would come in
useful. The little one has taken it off, he's putting two, no three knots in it,
the big one has changed his grip; one hand has her nose and the other is
dragging her chin down; her lovely mouth is wide open.

Listen to this, the aaaahhhgggghhh noise is just changing to aammmpppphhhmm as
the knots are forced in to her mouth, now the big one has her ponytail and is
pulling it back and down so the other little shit can tie the gag off with out
trapping her beautiful hair, that's a nice touch and as she brings her head back
to look at them the gag tightens, forcing the knots further in between those
soft full lips.

What a fabulous sight, they are just circling her, she helpless; standing there
like a magnificent prize, little sobs coming from behind the gag, her eyes
pleading, she's wasting her time there, at this game these boys are
professional. You can see they are savouring every minute of this captured
beauty, looking her up and down, one can only imagine what they are thinking,
look at the sight of the massive bulge in each pair of trousers.

At last, I think the little one is about to say something, hope we can hear.
The big one is behind her, the little shit is about a foot in front, facing her
and is just putting his fingers under her chin, listen.

"Well what do we call you, little miss girl guide, are you a good guide? Don't
seemed to have many badges, aint that what you get for being good"?

I love it when you tease them, look at her scared shitless, shhh listen.
 "What's this badge? The Pauline Acker Memorial Troop, sounds grand but is that
the only one? Dear, dear should do something about that, how would you like to
earn some more"?

She's just staring at him, wonder what she's thinking, just listen, he's
enjoying her fear.
 "You are going to earn some new ones this day, lets see. Your troop went in on
the 10.30 tour, that finish's at 4, it's now 11.15, that gives us 5 hours to
teach you a few new, shall we say, skills.

This is good ain't it, go on frighten her some more.
 "Now if you learn, and learn well you will leave here as pretty as you are now,
but if you don't then we may makes some nasty burn marks on your pretty body or
a few criss cross cuts all over that face of yours, we could even brake some
bits of you and should we take that gag off, and we most certainly will, if you
scream we will choke the life out of you. What's it to be a good guide or a dead
guide"?

I'm amazed she ain't peed herself, he's good ain't he, she looking at him in
disbelief.
 "Nod for good guide, shake for dead guide".
There goes the nod, go on you little shit what comes next?
 "Right, listen and listen good, these are the badges your going to have to win
to stay a good guide".

"One, The how far down this pretty throat".
 Look, look you should see the way he's running the back of his hand up and down
her throat, lovely, just lovely.
 "You can pull a fat cock badge".
"Two, The special diet badge, of sucking and swallowing all that the fat cock
down the throat can shoot in to your body, an extra merit for not spilling a
drop would be your best bet".
"Three, The, I put my nipples in men's mouths and made them suck them hard while
visiting Darlsford Maner badge, I think that one speaks for it's self don't
you?"

Hay she just shook her head, and his face just changed, THWACK, bloody hell he
nearly knocked her fucking head off.
 "Don't you shake your head at me guidey or you will be one badly hurt guidey,
now nod".

Poor bitch, she's nodding again.
"Four, and my favourite, The, I bent over and took that fat cock all the way up
my hot cute ass badge, you will love wining that one and you'll never guess who
will be doing the judging of that".
"Five". Look, his mate, the big one, has just grabbed his shoulder.

 "I have a badge for her". Bloody hell I didn't think that moron could speak but
he does, listen. "How about, The I gave head so I got my cunt licked out badge
and I'll be the judge of that one".

Will you listen to that stupid laugh, mind you I would be laughing if I was
going to lick that little beauties cunt out.

"Ya sure what ever you want, my thick friend, for you that will be number five.
Number six then. The I got my cherry burst at, sweetheart how old are you, 14?"
Shit I was right, she's nodding, look she's nodding, oh fuck, a 14 year old
piece of cherry pie, lucky bastards.
"At 14, badge, will there that should fill up your arms quite nicely, there are
lots more things you could learn but time march's on so shall we get the lessons
started"?

That big one, you know the one standing behind her has just put his hands round
her sweet little throat, fuck me he's squeezing awful hard, the little shit is
smiling at her as she struggles for air, he putting his finger over the gag,
listen to what he's telling her.
 "I'm going to take your gag off, you scream or even make so much as a sigh and
he will squeeze you hard till you drop. Don't make a sound and he will stop
hurting you, so remember, a sound hurts, silence is pain free".

Just sliding his hand round the back of her neck, he's undoing the neckerchief,
slowly he pulls both ends forward, she's staring at him as the knots pull from
her mouth.

He holds them about an inch from her mouth, oh what a gorgeous tongue, it's just
licked over her lips, he's still holding the gag in front of her, now he's
letting it drop. Her mouths open but he's shaking his head, she looks down.

Not for long, he has lifted her head up; he's holding her chin and running his
thumb over her lips, pushing the soft skin back over her white teeth. Now he's
pushing his thumb in to her mouth, the big fucker behind her has still got his
hands round her throat, she looks so helpless, and I'm loving it.

No matter what kind of pervert you are, the tit's always come out first and he's
no exception, can you see the top buttons gone already, now the second, as you
can see they are popping open easy with the strain her tit's are putting on
them, it's not helped by the way her arms are tied.

Fourth, fifth, oh yes look at that white bra, hope she has knickers to match, I
can see her now standing helplessly tied in white bra and knickers with those
ankle socks and by the look on his face so can he. 

I love the way he's taking his time and the way she is having to just stand
there and watch as he undress's her. Oh will you look at that, he's bending,
putting bot arms round her to undo her skirt, just so happens his face is buried
in between her cleavage, god I bet it smells sweet.

Oh yes just look at those legs, perfect fucking perfect, and she has got white
knickers over the sweetest roundest bottom I have seen in many a year. Shit he's
got a knife, don't cut her yet, pheeeww he's cutting off the blue top.
There's the sight I thought would be fucking lovely, don't you agree she's
perfection from her ponytail to her socks, I say again, what a piece of ass.

No wonder he's taking one step back to get a look at this rare beauty, just look
at him as he looks her up and down. He's got that grin back, listen.
 "Going to give me a kiss guidey, I think you should give us something, after
all we are just going to take the rest of you".

She was about to shake her head again but she saw his hand draw back, that
stopped her, oh now it's kissy time.
Ouch, did you see him just grab her ponytail, pull her head, god he's going to
eat her, just look at him slavering all over her mouth, pulling her head back
until she opens up so his tongue can poke in to that lovely sweet mouth.

Look at the dim fuck behind her, see him pulling her pants out to get a look see
at her bare ass, watch, he's dribbling spit down on to her crack. That must have
struck home she just wiggled her hips, proves she can still breath with that
lucky bastards tongue stuck down her throat.

A quick tug of the hair before he stops sucking her mouth and he's looking at
those big brown wet eyes, and I can tell by his eyes he enjoyed that, ssshhh
listen.

"Ain't kissed anything that pretty for a long while, tasty too, can tell you
don't put fags in your mouth but me and my mate are going to put something in
that pretty mouth of yours, now what do you want to do? You want to suck it or
do you want me to fuck your face, you choose".

Look at her shake, poor bitch, what ever she says she going to give great head.
She just don't know what's happening and she's about to cry, aaahhh what a
lovely sight.

"Get on your knees guidy, I'll make the decision for you, lets find out what
that ponytail is useful for".
 Look at that, it's useful for dragging her to her knees that big fucker kicked
the back of her legs and she dropped like a stone, but he never let go of her
ponytail.

"Open the pretty mouth, just look what I got for it".
 He's good ain't he with one hand he's holding her hair the other he digs his
cock out, oh fuck she just got a look and the bloody big thing, no wonder she's
shaking her head.

The big one has knelt down behind her and has her throat again.
 "Remember do as your told, no pain, open it wider, I'll tell you just how I
like my bell end sucked".

"Stick your tongue out and lick the end, do it or you'll get the I got the shit
kicked out of me badge".
 The hands are tightening, and out slips the tongue, oh yes, go on baby lick it,
I bet it stinks.
"That's a good guidy, now lick around the head and in between the folds, oh yes
that's nice, keep licking, I'm going to pull the folds back and your going to
lick all round the base of my bell end".

Look at that, he's pulled his foreskin back and she working her tongue all round
the head and the hilt as he rubs it round her lips, fucking hell and look, the
other one has let go of her throat and is running his hand over her shoulder.

He's just teasing her, every so often he's pushing it past her lips and in to
her mouth, then pulling out.
"O K guidy, lick up and down the whole of it, lets have it washed real good, and
don't worry bout my mate, I think he's going hill climbing".

Ya you bet he is, are you watching him? Down goes one bra strap, there goes the
other, even that ugly big fucker is taking his time, just dragging her straps
down her arms real slow, soon very soon they will pop out in all there glory,
any second, any sec, wow they are beauties.

Don't know about you but I don't know which to watch, that tongue tickling and
licking up and down the fat cock or those young big firm tit's getting and real
going over and as for those perfect light pink nipples, god what a body and
there's still more of her to see.

"Wash my balls next, come on guidy lick my balls, I want to feel that tongue
licking my balls then lick right up the length of my shaft until your tickling
the piss hole, then you do it again and again getting faster every time, now get
to it and look as though your enjoying it".

Don't she squirm lovely, just look at her trying to lick his cock as she jumps
every time matey boy pulls her nipples, oh yes he's just bending his head round
look at the smile on his face, just watch as his mouth latch's on to her right
tit, she in for a good sucking and I lay odds he's a biter.

She not going to have to worry about him, the other one's getting her in
position to fuck her face.
"Allrighty little guidey it's swallow the old man time, you ether suck me good
and I mean right down your throat or I'll bang the fucking meat in you myself,
ether way your get to suck the lot right in to your face".

She's shaking her head, look he's kneeling down by her.
"Listen guidey just take it slow, breath through your nose and suck it down, I
don't want to hurt you but believe me when I say I can fuck any hole if your
concusses or not and besides my mates dick is a fucking sight bigger than mine
and he isn't so nice, so open your mouth and earn your badge, start sucking
before I start slapping".

Even the ugly fucker has stopped sucking on her tit while he watch's her start
her first cock suck, and in it goes, he's just standing there as she tries to
swallow it, her face is even more beautiful now it's full of cock, go on guidey
take it in.

"Mind the teeth, just make a big O with those cute lips, come on you can suck
further than that, don't fight it, your going to get it all in so you better
make it easy on your self".

Watch him drag her head forward by her ponytail, hay and watch the other one,
his hand is going down to her pants, he's up for a feel between them soft long
legs, oohhh yes, and I bet she's all blond.

Come on show us the bitch's cute little cunt, pull them down, don't just play
inside, look at that lucky bastard, can you see the outline of his fingers
playing in there?
This is to much, listen to her gag, what a fabulous choking noise she's making,
poor bitch, he ain't taking it out and can you believe he's shoving it all the
way and see the stupid bitch, she is still trying to make an O round that fat
monstrosity stuck firmly in her throat, go on man fuck that face.

Go on get it in her, fuck that mouth, get it all the way in, don't you just love
watching a girl take a fucking in the mouth, go to it, use her, use her hard.

"That's it guidey all the way and keep breathing through your nose, god you face
fuck real good, keep that tongue moving under it, that's it suck me all the way,
you got a good mouth to fuck, wants her cunt feel like"?

"It ain't wet but it's going to be fucking tight, I'll enjoy lubricating this
bitch and by the way, enlighten me, just who's gona break the cunt's cherry"?

"Fucking hell don't ask that I'm just about to fill her face, oh Christ, I'm
gona cum, come on guidey suck you bitch suck it or I'll rip your well fucked
head off, take it all come on take it all, aahhhh".

Look at him he'll choke the fucking life out of her, it's right down her throat,
her eyes are almost bursting out of her head and matey boy is fingering that
cunt as she fights to breathe, go on cum all over her, oh yes look at her, it's
even coming out of her cute button nose.

"There that wasn't so bad was it, cough it up and stop snivelling you lived
through your first face fuck. A you with your hand up her cunt, I told you I'll
have the ass you can have the cunt, so get her pants off and lets see you suck
her, then you can fuck her, I should be just about ready for her cute butt hole
when you have finished playing with her".

"Please don't hurt me any-more".

Fuck me she spoke, now she's in for it.
"I told you silence, remember the other gets you pain, gag her again, we have no
use for her mouth until you fuck it so gag her, it will keep her quite when I
warm her ass up before I fuck it".

I bet she wish's she had never seen that neckerchief but it sure do keep her
quite, oh yes, off come them lovely white panties and ya she's a blondy
allright.

"My friends going to untie your legs, when he does I'd spread them if I were you
guidey he'll brake them if you don't and make sure you keep them nice and wide
he's gona want all your cunt in his mouth, now get on your back".

Look at the way her tit's stick up, what a picture just laying there with her
legs as wide as possible, gagged and staring at the ceiling waiting, knowing
there is no way of stopping them fucking her, and that big ugly fucker slowly
undressing ready to eat her out, what I'd give.

"You ready little guidey, you getting all excited at the thought of me between
them lovely legs of yours, you aint got long to wait. You want to know what I'm
going to do to you.
First I'm gona lick you out, get my tongue up that juicy hole of yours get you
all wet and ready then I'm gona stick this at the entrance to your heavenly
body, then I'm gona slowly push until it's all the way up you and popping your
cherry".

Fucking hell he weren't kidden when he said his mate was a big fucker, he'll
tear her in half, there won't be any ass-hole left to fuck when he's finished
with her, look at her crying, tears running down that pretty face aaahh, go boy
poke the bitch.

"Get down there and suck her mate, let's see her wiggle on the end of your meat,
you'll love this guidey, first time is always the most memorable one and you'll
remember his fucking great dick, are you gona finger fuck her first?"

"No, lick it and suck the juice, but I think she deserve the best, I'm gona
burst this baby with my meat".

God he's eating that lovely little slit, can you see him lapping at that tiny
hole, if I were you I'd try and remember it as a sweet slit because after he's
finished it will be one wide open cunt.

"You don't mind if I help myself to your big pert nipples do you? My mate seems
to have your other interesting places in his mouth and your tit's look so
inviting sticking up like they are, mmmm nice, don't mind me, you just enjoy
your cunt being licked and I offer you a word of advice, get wet, you'll need
all the help you can get when he decides to bang you, he ain't no gentleman".

Come on you've sucked at her enough lets see her screaming in the gag, do you
like to see them squirm? I do. Look at him pulling those delicate lips apart
like sucking the flesh out of an orange, and can you see him make her jump by
tearing some hair off with his teeth. Oh a about time to, here come the main
event, he's gona fuck her.

"Sorry mate, I'll get out your way, you ready sweetheart, all the things your
mother told you, you know about saving your cunt for your husband and never let
a stranger get in your pants, well you should have listened because we are about
to pop you good and there ain't no love in this boy, oh no he just fucks them
and leaves them, sometime alive sometimes, well you know".

He's got his end at her opening, can you see? She's squirming and that lovely
moaning coming from behind that gag. He's pushing, see his big hand on the top
of her pretty head, no, she ain't going nowhere.
Just banged his knees up pushing hers up with them, look you can see her
ass-hole, and that holes next, it's bound to be as tight as her cunt and, oh
sweet Jesus, look it's going in.

That moan in the gag just became a scream, and yes oh yes he's in and driving
up, her blood will make it easy to fuck her all the way, I hope she stops
screaming soon, putting me off the fucking.

"Don't cry guidey, he just burst in didn't he, I can tell by the look on your
face you ain't no virgin anymore, oh well, look on the bright side, sooner
better than later a".

Look at him banging her, don't you just love watching their cute ass's being
lifted up as a big cock thrust up in to them, and she's getting some fucking
even knocking the breath out of her as she's trying to scream and the way her
tit's are bouncing.

"YYYAAAAA god this fucking bitch is tight I'm cuming up this sweet baby I ain't
pulling out she's gona get my full load right up this tight cunt, yes, oh yes
you take it baby girl all of it, yes, yes, yes fuck".

To say she just got fucked would be an understatement and now if you look at the
hard on the other ones got in his hand, it's ass fucking time and I hope he
meant it when he said he would warm her ass up, I love a good whippin, do you
like to see their cute round ass's get a thrashing?

"Get guidey over and on her knees I got me an ass to spank, you going to like
that guidey, I tell you what, I'll make a deal, you wiggle your ass, get me hot
and wantin to fuck it and I'll only belt you a bit, if you don't, guess what".

Over she goes, just look at that cute ass, sticks up real nice and she can't
move the way big boy is holding her ponytail on the floor.

Thwack, thwack, oh yes sting that ass.
"You better start wiggling it or".

There she goes oohhh what a sight, red finger marks, round, hot and moving, just
the way they should be, hot and ready to fuck, thwack, and another thwack, go to
it.

See the way he's letting his hand catch her cunt.

"Open your legs guidey I want to sting that wiggling cunt as well as your ass".

Thwack, thwack, oh boy ain't this great listen to her sob, he must be hurting
and there's nothing she can do to stop him, thwack, thwack, keep it up, I'm
loving it.

"You going to keep wiggling while I put it up you, you better or I'll take it
out and beat the shit out of you instead, understand",
Can't tell crying from answer, but look at that hard on, ohh that's going to
hurt, lucky bastard.

She better be ready he just spat on his hand and rubbed his bell end, getting
himself in position, ready little girl your about to be well and truly buggered.
Ouch hear that, she startin to squeal like a stuck pig, she'll be stuck on
something in a moment, now go on my son get it up her, couple of good slaps for
encouragement, he's shoving, lucky his mates got hold of her hair or she be
pushed across the room by now.

"God your fucking tight, relax you stupid bitch, it's going in so just take it,
that's it, almost, yes, yes oh god I'm going in, one last shove, take it bitch,
take it all.

Look at him go, fucking that ass must feel so good, god I wish, still I'll just
watch, look the other ones dragging her up by her ponytail, what's he up to, can
you see?

"I think I'll fuck her mouth while your enjoying her ass, she should get her
double ender badge".

"What ever, just keep her ass moving".

Off comes the gag, listen to her blubber, mind you if she's going to have that
fucking great cock jammed in her mouth, she should worry.

"Come on girly suck the cock and wiggle your ass, or I'll beat the shit out of
you and I promise I will hurt you, so do it, get your mouth round it, no teeth
just a big and I mean big O".

She's got it in her mouth but only just, he's ramming her down, that ponytail
has it's use's, god look at it and look at her mouth she will never get it all
in, she's choking now at it's not even half way in, let alone the buggering
she's getting from behind, is she having a fun day out or what.

How long they been at her, she's almost unconscious and they still pound her at
both ends, you got to admit they got a good rhythm, one up her ass and as he
pulls out so the other shoves it as far down her throat as it will go, then a
quick shove from behind and she swallows more, god I love pros.

I think her ass is about to be filled, he's coming all right, go to it man.

"Yes, guidey I'm coming, get ready here comes your first ass full, your ass
ain't never gona be the same again, how you doing up front, there don't seem to
be much life in her, think she will swallow".

"She will swallow or die in the attempt, I ain't taking it out this pretty mouth
until it's empty, you hear that girly, suck for your life bitch.

She's not swallowing, see it dribbling on the floor, I think she's dead or
bloody close.
"You fucking killed her with your cock, you stupid bastard".
"No I ain't look her tit's are still moving, watch".

Ouch, I bet that hurt, he nearly ripped her fucking nipple off; still she is
alive, if only just.

"Lets tie her up real good and get the fuck out of here, bring her over to the
banister rail".
Stand back; get in the corner their bringing her over here.

"Tie her wrist right out to that side and her elbow to that stave, I'll do the
same this side, that's it, lets crucify the guide. Now tie her ankles together
and I'll tie her knees through and to that back stave. Give me her pants, I'll
shove them in her mouth then the neckerchief nice and tight, there that should
seal her mouth,  she ain't going nowhere, just one last suck of them lovely
nipples, thanks guidey you were a great fuck, you'll get your badges in the
post, right lets go".

Oh look at her, almost life-less, don't get many people in here, she will die if
she ain't found soon, god she still looks a great piece of ass, lovely tits and
cunt even if they are a bit bruised, what a fuck she must have been.

I wonder if she dies whether her soul will stay earth bound, that would be
great, we could fuck for years, I ain't had a fuck in 270 years, not since I
raped his lordships two young daughters, they got me in here, the mob I mean,
strung me up on that beam over there, just kicked the chair away, been stuck
here ever since.

                                           Pagan.




   Copy-right Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

                     Short Stories about Pauline's by Pagan.

                                   The Perils of Pauline 15.

                                                       Pauline Irwin.


The 14th of May, John's 14th birthday. He woke knowing he was getting a new
bike, he had all-ready arraigned an early morning fishing trip with Rodney and
Trevor, the alarm clock said 4.30; time to get ready.
He enjoyed being with his two mates, Rod, the school bully, big for his age and
bloody nasty when he wanted to be. Trev, a bit of a miss-fit, if it wasn't
bolted down he'd nick it. John felt safe with them, he being of well off family,
could buy friends and protection.

He took all he required out of the fridge and got his rod, he looked at the
table and saw the parcel with his name on it, as he picked it up he thought, dad
you're a fucking jem, my own video camera.

He cycled the two miles to Trevor's, Rodney was already there; he was busy
showing him the new camera when Trevor joined them. "Lets get going birthday boy
we can see how your new fucking toy works when you're recording our big catch".

The three of them laughed as they headed threw the village towards the lake,
just as they approached the junction in the high street there was the sound of a
dog barking, then it yelped, then a screech of brakes. They dismounted and crept
to the corner, they peered round.

In the middle of the crossing a man lay under the bumper of a car, the female
driver was looking down at him, Rodney turned to John, "Video it, quick, lets
see what the bitch has done", John started taking pictures. As he did the woman
bent and prodded the man, when in didn't move she stood up and looked around.
 When John saw she was in a evening dress, he zoomed in to her he could see the
fear in her face before she got back in the car, reversed and drove around him
and away; the balloons on the aerial spun in the wind.

The three looked at each other then they heard voices; two men came out of a
house and went to the unconscious man. With out a word the three got on their
bikes and rode away, they didn't stop until they reached the lake.

They gathered round John, all trying to see the little screen, Trevor thumped
the air, "Fucking hell, I know her", Rodney grabbed his shoulder, "With tit's
like that I wish I did, who the fuck is she"?
Trevor carried on, "She lives close to me, and I used to deliver her paper,
that's when she was with her bloke".
Rodney still carried on, "You mean some twat walked out on a body like that".
John just stood there listening as Trevor told the story.

"They moved in about two years ago, most guys noticed her, you know big tits,
nice bum but when she got pregnant we lost interest, she had the kid and after
about six months he buggered off, she's been on her own for the last two months,
but she seems to be enjoying life, I reckon she went to the big party at the
Punch Bowl last night, the balloons were a dead give away".

For some reason, lost on John and Trevor, Rodney was getting very excited, "Lets
go round and video the car at her house"; he was on his bike and shouting for
the others before John had put the camera away.

It took them half an hour but soon John was in the drive with the camera, making
sure he got all the right angles, then Rodney had them peddling back to the
lake; he was sat waiting as the other two rode up, he looked at them, his eye's
were like a mad-man.

"You two do realize what we have here"? John and Trevor looked blankly at him,
"Oh for fuck sake, listen you pair of dick-heads, we got her, pissed up, hit and
run, she won't want us to show anybody that video; listen this is my idea".

The following day the local news carried the story; John watched the regional
news. Police are appealing for witness's, Mr Albert Crossly was found with head
injuries in the early hours of yesterday morning, he was found in High Street,
Newbain, he was taken to the near by Totsford hospital where he still remains
unconscious. People with any information are asked to contact, 08475 445999, all
calls will be treated in the strictest confidence. 

As it finished his mobile rang, it was a text from Rodney,---- No going 2 school
2morrow-we r going visiting- spoken 2 Trevor-we will see u at 9-u no where-copy
tape and bring 1.

John arrived at the end of the road; he could see Trevor and Rod out side the
woman's gate. As he pulled up Rod put his hand out, "You got a copy"?
John put his hand in the bike pouch, "Ya, ya of course, so what's the deal"?
Rodney took it, "Just follow my lead, this is going to be a great day.

Twenty minutes later they dropped their bikes in her front garden; Rod went
straight to the front door and rang the bell. She was a small woman, a little
plump bit very pretty. She was wearing a lose fitting yellow dress, buttoned up
the front, a little belt pulled it in to her waist and that certainly
accentuated her full figure, "Mrs Irwin isn't it".

She looked at them, "Eeerrrrr am I suppose to know you"?
Rod smiled, "No but I think you will after you have watched this, I do hope your
not to busy, you shouldn't be". She looked nervous but stood back opening the
door a little more.

All the boys were taller than her, she looked up at them nerves sly, "If it's
that important, you had better come in", the three youths walked in, Rod made a
guess at the lounge and was right.
She was the last in, he handed her the tape, "Good I see we have a vid player so
now is as good a time as any", she looked at him, the other two could see a look
of contempt flicking in her eyes.

 "This better be important and not wasting my time" she loaded it and pressed
play.

At the point were she said, "Oh my god", Rod said.
"Nice dress, posh do at the Punch Bowl was it, I few to many of the falling down
water, drinking and driving didn't do him any good did it, oh and the tape is a
copy".
She sat for a moment then turned to them, Rodney was enjoying her confused
deflated attitude "I don't know what happened, I saw the dog and braked, I
didn't realise he was under the car until I got out".

Rod lay back on the sofa put his hands behind his head, "Do you really think a
jury is going to believe that, because I'm bloody sure I don't, what is it now
for drink driving? Hit and run, not reporting an accident and if he dies, aren't
that manslaughter"?
At that she buried her head in her hands, they boys heard a muffled, "Oh god not
that".

John and Trevor adopted the same pose as Rod, he smiled at them then back to
her, "Look on the bright side, it's our little secret, for the time being and if
it's to remain that, well then that's up to you".
She looked at them, "No, no please don't show it to anyone, please think of my
baby, no I'm begging you don't show this to any-one", she looked visible sick.

Suddenly Trevor joined the fun, "She does an awful lot of begging, what do you
think John"? He deliberately brought John in to it, he decided that all of them
ganging up on her would carry more punch.
Rodney played his cards, "I'm hungry, didn't get time for no breakfast; how
about you boys, fancy a fry up"? He looked at Pauline.

She got up, "Oh please, allow me, I won't be long", she went in to the kitchen;
she knew this would give her time to think.
As the last of the dishes were cleared in to the sink Rodney said, "Anything to
drink"?
She wiped her hands, "Tea, milk, squash"?

He shook his head, "I said drink".
She opened the fridge, "I only have wine".
Rodney nodded to the others; "I think the four of us could handle a drink while
we talk business".

They sat back in the lounge, all four had large glasses of wine, the three
youths looked at her, she bit her lip, "I have about 65 in the house".
Rodney smiled, "Alright go get it", she left.
John said, "That ain't much".
 Rodney smiled back, "It's cash and it's a down payment, it's the goods that
interest me".
John looked, "Goods"?
 Rodney put both his arms out and made squeezing movements with his hands,
Trevor nudged John as Rodney said, "Them fucking big tit's and what ever else".

Before anything else could be said she came back in and dropped the money in
Rodney's lap he took it and stuck it in his top pocket, "You know that nice
dress you worn on that eventful night".
 Pauline nodded, "Yes what of it"?
 Rodney lay back on the sofa again, "It showed a lot of cleavage, looked good,
show us".

She folded her arms, "Show you, your joking, your just boys, I couldn't", his
eye's were glued to hers.
 "We are just boys who can send you to jail, so I think you could and better,
believe me I'm not joking so just undo all the buttons on the dress".
The silence was only a moment but it seemed forever before she went to speak,
Rodney spoke first, "Unbutton the fucking dress and show us the goods and be
fucking quick about it or I'm out of here and you know what it means to upset
the male".

She looked at the others who nodded back to her. There was an audible intake of
breath as she reached for the top button, Rodney said, "Bottom up", she bent and
started at the bottom.

She could see the excitement in Trevor and Johns faces but Rodney's face was set
in stone, he watched her every movement as each button reviled more of her firm
full body. She undid the last button and looked at her tormenters, "Just hold
the dress open"; Rodney spoke with a new found authority.

She peeled the dress open, Rodney grinned at her, "Nice tit filled bra, I bet it
holds a juicy pair with big nipples, you two want to know? So now is as good a
time as any to show us, loose the bra".
She visible shook, "I can't do it, your just boys, no I won't, for god sake
it's".

 Rodney stood up, "So we are just boys, but you are keeping us occupied, lets
think, we could be riding past a police station, remember these words, all
information will be treated in the strictest confidence, I wonder if that
includes video's"?

Beaten and humiliated beyond her wildest nightmare, Pauline slid one side off
one shoulder and then the other, her dress slid down her arms and landed at her
feet, John joined in, "Go on then, off with the bra lets see them nice big
titties".

Pauline spoke only to herself as her eyes looked to the ceiling, "Oh god, oh god
this is not happening", as she reached behind her and unhooked her bra, it fell
beside her dress exposing her breast's to the watching eyes.
Trevor was next, "Nice pair of melons Mrs Irwin, shake them around for us", John
added, "Ya lets have a big bouncy titty dance".

"Come on shake those titties for us, get them bouncing", Rodney's voice was full
of menace.
 Pauline tried but stopped she sobbed, "I can't".

 Rodney shouted, "I said do the titty bounce and I mean it".
Slowly Pauline swung her shoulders left and right, her full breasts swayed and
bounced.

Rodney let her carry on for a few minutes more before he said, "Come over here
and put them big melons in my face", she hesitated, just stood there not moving
"If you ain't got them tit's in my face soon, I may think of other nasty things
to do to you, and you better be polite when you do it".

She moved towards him, "What, eerrr what do you mean polite".
Rodney sat up, "You ask me if you can put your big titties in my face, that's
polite ain't it"?
She stopped moving, "I can't do this, please don't make me, it's, it's".

 Rodney got up, "It's, it's, it's time for us to drop that video off, we thought
we would give you a chance, O K chance don't come cheap, but you play you pay
the penalty and regardless of what you say about us, you will be in deeper shit,
come on".

The other two got up, she stood there in just her pants as they headed for the
door, "No, god no, please".
 Rodney turned and snapped at her, "Make your fucking mind up, will you", the
baby started to cry.

She looked at them, "She needs a feed, please don't do anything I won't be
long". John and Trevor sat back down but Rodney followed her in to the kitchen,
she made the bottle, got some nappy things and went up stairs, Rodney followed
her every move.

They baby was in her room as she busied her self changing and feeding, Rodney
looked through her things, she knew she couldn't stop him so she tried to ignore
him, nether of them spoke.
The baby lay back asleep, they went back down stairs, "Now where were we". She
must have made up her mind, she took a deep breath, swallowed hard and looked at
Rodney, "Can I stick my titties in your face"?

Rodney smiled at her a nodded, she cupped both her breasts, pointed the pink
nipples at him and moved forward bending to his face, he sucked at her nipple,
then the other, his eyes stared in to hers. He licked them, long strokes like
licking a lolly pop making sure the full length of his tongue ran over the red
bud, he finished by tickling the tip with the end of his tongue before saying,
"My friends would like a taste now".

She was trying to keep calm, but Rodney knew that at any moment tears would be
seen. She still held her tit's as she went to the others, and bent forward.
"Ask permission", she looked back at Rodney then at the two others, Rodney felt
the power as he heard the quivering voice.

 "Please will you suck my tit's", both boys grinned before they latched a mouth
round a nipple and sucked like infants, Rodney got up and moved behind her, he
hooked his finger in the waistband of her pants and pulled back.
He heard the little sob; he gazed at her perfect round firm pinkie globes and
whispered, "The goods just keep getting better".

"You feel really nice lady", Rodney patted Pauline's ass, "Moves nice, I think
it would look better without these pants".
Pauline's body shook, "Please no, don't make me do that leave me some dignity".
"You just keep your tit's in my mates mouths and leave your dignity to me,
there's only us here your dignity safe with us, besides I what to spank this
nice ass of yours".

Her body trembled as she stayed bent for the boys to suck on her tit's, "Don't
take them down you can, oh god, please, you ca can spank it over my pants".
"Oh lady I can't do that I want to see it wobble".

Pauline closed her eyes, shutting out the leering faces and her own humiliation,
Rodney heard, "Please god this is not happening".
 He slapped her ass hard, "Oh but it is".
Trevor looked up at Pauline's face he smiled as his tongue danced over the erect
nipple, "Your real pretty, I'm going to kiss you".

Pauline stared at him, Rodney slapped her again, "Go on then have a little snog
with the lovely lady and lady give him a good one you know plenty of tongue, or
your pants come down".

"Please no I can't your just boys".
Rodney slapped her again, "Look lady your going to entertain us today or your
going to be entertained at the courts pleasure, so unless you want your pants
down get your mouth on his".
Trevor moved up until he looked here face to face in the eye, her eyes filled
with tears as she watched him run his tongue over his smiling lips.

John now had a tit to suck on and one to fondle, he immediately started to roll
her nipple in between his fingers as his tongue kept the other one hard enough
to clamp in his teeth. He heard Trevor, "Time for a little snoging lady, open
your mouth", his mouth closed over Pauline's.

For a boy of 15 Trevor knew what to do, mashing his mouth against hers, pushing
his tongue inside moving it around, lapping it all over her tongue, she had no
option but to put her tongue in his mouth. He deliberately pulled his mouth away
and licked at her tongue.

Rodney whispered in her ear, "Can't hear any mmmmm, you know what I mean",
Trevor carried on tickling her tongue with his and smiled as he heard a pathetic
mmmmm, mmmmm, coming from her.
As her torment continued she felt Rodney stand behind her, he pushed his crutch
in to her back as his hands came round and started to rub all over her stomach.

"Put a pound or two on have we, but it feels nice", suddenly the baby started
crying again, "John get upstairs and see what the problem is".
Pauline pulled but Rodney held her, "You can go if it's needed but for now", his
hands slid up and cupped her tit's, Trevor stood away and watched his fingers as
they squeezed and mauled the big fleshy globes.

Rodney squeezed her tit's until she moaned, he whispered, "Put your hands behind
your head there in my way", he carried on squeezing until her hands slowly
slipped up her sides, around the back of her neck until her fingers interlocked
giving him free access to her taught long nipples.

Before Pauline could move Rodney brought his arms up to a full nelson locking
her arms behind her head, "Hay Trev lets have her pants down and get a look see
at it".
Before the second "No" came from Pauline's lips her pants were round her ankles,
she was about to plead but Trevor's voice silenced her in to a whimper, "Fucking
hell that's some bikini line.

He stroked his fingers up and down the neatly trimmed bush, "Get her to open her
legs for me, I want to see it all".
" You heard him"; she struggled in the grip.
 "No you can't", he pressed harder forcing her head forward yet pulling her
shoulders back, "Just put it done to entertainment".
"Please no your hurting don't", Rodney kept squeezing.
 "You know how to stop me", it didn't take too much for her to slowly start
parting her legs.

Just as Trevor slid his hand between her legs John came back, she looked at him,
"its O K, just lost its pacifier, it's asleep again". She sobbed out, "Her name
is Kathy, do you hear Kathy, not it", John sat on the sofa looking between her
open legs, "Ya Kathy what ever, you wouldn't think anything that big came from
such a sweet little hole, give us a feel".

Rodney kept his grip as the two boys played with her cunt; he smiled as he heard
her whimper, "Stop it, stop you must stop".
He interrupted her by saying to John; "Look in my back pocket" John moved
quickly to his mates back pocket and pulled out a long white dildo.
He looked at Rodney, "What the"?
Rodney grinned back, "It's hers, found it upstairs when she was feeding the
brat, you know what to do, have fun".

John waved the white plastic dildo in Pauline's face, "You use this a lot"?
Tears were streaming down her face as she blubbered, "No, no it was a joke,
some-one bought it as a joke, it's a dreadful thing".
Rodney pushed hard again as he ground his crutch in to her behind, "You like the
real thing then do you"?

"Please leave me alone, just take the money and go".
 Rodney continued to grind in to her, "I told you, you were entertaining use
today, that means all day".
Pauline thought she had to keep these brats entertained and maybe just get out
of the shit she was in, she took a deep breath, "What do you mean entertain
you"?

Rodney whispered, "Entertain means you let use do what we like, with no
arguments, so why not just shut the fuck up and open them legs a bit more, I
think my friends have got some ideas with that white dreadful thing, haven't you
boys"?

"Yeah", grinned John, "Lets give her some dildo, that oughta be fun".
"Go on lady," Trevor leered up at her, "Open them legs and lets really see that
cunt", she shuffled her legs open, "Wider".
 Trevor ordered the helpless woman, "As wide as you can".

Rodney only had to apply a little pressure as Pauline opened her legs, they
were, for her, embarrassingly wide, "Fucking hell, " John said, "She does have a
nice neat slit, see how it close's round my finger".
Trevor pulled his hand away, "Lets see how it close's round this".

 Trevor looked up at her, "Don't you think you should have this dildo up your
cunt"? Pauline stared back at him, she now knew they were going to humiliate her
beyond anything she had ever known, another squeeze on her neck made her realize
the boy wanted an answer.

"Yaa, yes I should have that, that, d, dildo up me", Trevor's eyes never left
hers as he stroked the tip over her slit.
 "Up your what"? Pauline fought her hatred back.
 "Up my cunt, you should push it up my cunt". Trevor smiled in triumph as he
pushed it past the closed lips, then out then back in, further and further with
every stroke, slowly twisting it as he did.

2 inches, then 3, then 4, soon it was six, Pauline squirmed, as she did Rodney
pushed in to her moving ass, "Not so dreadful now is it"? She was breathing
erratically, "Please no, not to much, don't hurt me". Rodney kept his lips by
her ear, "Oh you can take it all and your going to, you seem to be having so
much fun".

Trevor was speeding the thrusting up, "She's having fun alright the plastic's
well coated with juice".
John was getting excited, "Switch it on lets see how much fun she can really
take", Trevor moved his left hand to the base of the plastic and turned it, I
low droning sound could be heard inside Pauline's cunt.

She suddenly jumped, "Oh god no, oh no, please stop, no, no don't, don't, take
it out".
 Rodney could feel her moving against him, "Don't you worry we won't take it
out, I just want to see you enjoy yourself as much as I'm enjoying myself", just
then they heard the baby crying.

None of the boys stopped their torment, she begged them to let her go to her
baby, she begged and begged until Rodney said, "You want to feed your kid"?
As she still fought the feeling that Trevor and John were forcing on her, she
mumbled, "Please".

"You can go look after her, but, you have got to keep that dildo up yourself, if
it slips out, your back down here until we have you how we want you, do you
understand"?
Pauline heard Kathy cry again, fighting back the overpowering urge to scream at
the three boys, she quietly said, "I'll do what you want".

Rodney released his grip, "Leave it out lads she's got a kid to see to, besides
we got a cunt to watch, she can see to us later".
Trevor took his hand away from the dildo, it started to slip out but Pauline
humiliated herself by grabbing it and pushing it back up, Rodney smiled, "That's
it you've got the idea now lets get the feed and go upstairs".

Pauline took the feed from the warmer then John led the group upstairs first,
then Pauline, Trevor and Rodney followed her up nudging each other as they could
see her hand between her legs, her fingers wrapped round the buzzing vibrator.

She bent over the crib, the three boys spread themselves round the room, John
couldn't control a giggle as Pauline clamped her legs together hold the buzzing
vibrator in as she used both hands to left the baby, the giggles got worse as
Pauline waddled to the small table.

She pushed it back up, her hips moved and she groaned as she quickly tired to
change her. The boys enjoyed the small squeals as the vibrator touched her
inside, Rodney moved forward as she went to feed her, he picked up the bedroom
chair, "Here sit down while you feed her".

She went to argue but Rodney just patted the cushion on the chair, she jumped as
the vibrator continued it's relentless torment. She looked at all three and
realized she was at their mercy, with another squeal she pushed the plastic
firmly in, lifted the baby and waddle to the chair and sat on the cushion.

Pauline stared in to her child's face as she sucked at her feed, trying not to
move but her hips couldn't help but gyrate in to the cushion. Some how she
finished feeding Kathy, she waddled back to the crib and placed her in, that
allowed her to pull it out to the tip, relieving the feelings in her.

Pauline went out the room and headed for the stairs, suddenly Rodney said,
"What's in this room"?
 She stopped, "Just a spare room".
 Rodney pushed the door open, "Nice, a single bed, come in here".
Still holding the plastic end Pauline was pushed by the other two in to the
spare room, Rodney shut the door, "Get on the bed, get on your back, open your
legs and continue fucking yourself".

Pauline looked at them, "When are you going to? Stop, please leave, I'll give
you more money".
 Rodney grabbed her hard, "You'll do as we say, it's what we want, not you, we
want some fun before some fucking bastard hits us with a fucking car, hold her".

John and Trevor held her, "Swing her on the bed ass up, and make sure that thing
keeps fucking her". Pauline struggled but she was soon on her front, held firm
on the bed, she couldn't see but Rodney taken his belt off, the first thing she
knew was the first slap that stuck her, she cried out and the dildo slipped from
her, "Get it back in our I'll rip the skin from your ass".

As she franticly tried to push the dildo back up her cunt, Rodney told the other
two get some belts from Pauline's room, he hit her again before he sat on the
bed beside her, "You lay still or this will be far worse". He hit her again
right in between her legs, her hands went to cover her ass which is just what
Rodney wanted, he grabbed her wrists, pulled them up her back and wound the belt
around them buckling her wrists tightly behind her.

During her struggle the other two returned, Rodney looked at them then her ass
and nodded. John and Trevor stood ether side of the bed and slapped a cheek each
hard with their belts. Pauline tried to cry out but Rodney pushed her head in to
the pillow and waited.

Rodney held her as the red welts glowed across her ass, he could see Trevor was
enjoying the whipping, "Lay a few across her thighs", Trevor took to his task
with fury, Pauline squealed and screamed in to the pillow, the dildo slipped
from her as her ass wiggled to escape the constant assault.

Rodney let them thrash her for a few minutes more, enjoying holding the
struggling woman watching her ass jump and move before stopping them, he pulled
the sobbing woman's head up by her hair, "Had enough"?
 She blubbered, "Yes, stop please stop", he let her sit up.

He still sat beside the sobbing woman, "For fuck sake stop snivelling, now my
friends were enjoying that and I thought it was good entertainment, if you don't
want us to spank you what else can we do"?
She tried to stop crying, Rodney played with her nipples, pulling hard and
twisting, "We are waiting".

She tried to look anywhere but at him, "What do you want to do"?

 Rodney laughed, "God your fucking stupid, O K lets plat your game lady. First,
you got us all hot playing with your cunt, second you are naked, third this is a
bed; so what do you suggest"?

Pauline snapped, "If your going to fuck me then get on with it".
 Rodney grabbed her again, "Speak to me like that and I'll make the last belting
look like a walk in the park, now try again".
Pauline's eyes scanned the room, in a low whisper she said, "Please fuck me, I
want you to fuck me".

Rodney smiled, "And where would you like us to fuck you", she just looked at the
floor, "Fuck my cunt, I want to be fucked in the cunt", Rodney laughed as he
undid the belt on her wrist, "Well it's a start, get on your back and spread
em".

As the defeated Pauline lay back on the bed the three boys sat around her,
Rodney slapped her face, "Keep your fucking eyes open and answer me this, as you
keep telling us we are just boys don't you think you should tell us what to do"?

As she stared at him he saw her mouth, "No please don't make me do this, I
can't".
 Rodney smiled back mouthing, "Oh but you can".
Rodney could see the excitement in the other two's eyes, "Don't just sit there
lads, she can't tell you what to do with your trousers on", the two boys rushed
to get their pants off, they sat back on the bed.

Pauline fought back a sob, "You ", the sob came but she tried to carry on, "You
lay on top of me, I, eerrrr, I open my legs and you put your cock in me", as she
closed her eyes she squeezed a tear out but Rodney wouldn't let go.
"Oh no, that can't be right, what about foreplay, we have to get each other
excited, tell us what to do to you",
Pauline snapped, "No, I told you, just fuck me and get out".

Rodney stood up and dropped his trousers then picked up his belt, "Turn her over
again, she needs a reminder and I like the way her ass moves and jumps when you
sting it".
 Pauline sat up, "No, not that, I couldn't stand that again, look please listen
to me if I do what you ask will you go"?
 Rodney snapped the belt, "Maybe we will go but only if your good and I mean
good, now you just tell us what your man used to do to get you going".

She lay back down, looked first at Rodney then up to the ceiling, her brain was
racing when Rodney bent and whispered, "Tell us how your like your nips sucked
and how you like that cunt of yours licked, that should get things moving".

All three boys watched her as she bit her lip, she struggled to speak, "Eeerrrr,
I like him to stroke me and I touch him, make him get excited before he, eeerrr,
kiss's me then when we are aroused I eeerrr, let him".
 Rod broke in, "Fuck your mouth, that's it ain't it, first he gives your tit's
and cunt a good feel, then you get your hand round his dick, then as soon as
it's hard you suck him off, that will do us".

As she cried out, "No" Rod held her head and pushed her head back firmly on the
pillow, his mouth clamped over her nipple as the fingers of his left hand pushed
between her legs searching for her slit. Soon other hands were pawing over
Pauline's body. Trevor, his voice almost lost in his excitement pushed Rodney's
hand away, "Fuck off will you, give us all a feel".

John's mouth fastened on to the other nipple, giggling as he heard Pauline
squeal, he knew Trevor was shoving fingers up her cunt. Rodney pulled his head
off and rolled the nipple between his fingers, " Don't lay there doing nothing,
you like to play with it, that's what you said, well you can reach our dicks, so
get pulling".

He pinched very hard until he saw movement from her. She slid both arms down,
both him and John made sure she could get access to their cocks. John's mouth
sucked eagerly at the nipple as he felt her fingers wrap around his rigid meat.

Rodney put both hands around her tit and squeezed it up, forcing it in to a cone
shape, as she pulled and pushed at the two boys he smiled at John, "Nice hands,
good wrist movement, she's done this before". John sniggered as Rodney looked at
Trevor finger fucking her as he licked across the fleshy folds of her cunt then
went back to sucking at the protruding nipple.

Both boys enjoyed the attention her hands were giving to their cocks almost as
much as her jumping and moving as the three of them worked on her. It didn't
take long for John to cum; he just let her pull on him until he blew all over
the bed. She stopped and went to wipe her hand on the bed, Rodney pulled her
nipple with his teeth then looked at her, "Lick it off your hand or I'll bite
the fucking thing off", he snapped his mouth open and shut just to let her know
he meant business.

As her tongue slid over her hand scooping the sticky mess in to her mouth, he
said, "I ain't cum yet, keep pulling", he stood up and watched her hand pulling
him off until he to came, still jumping to Trevor's relentless finger fucking
she put her hand to her mouth and licked him in to her mouth as well.

Rodney's mouth spread in to an evil grin, "Nobody told you to stop, keep pulling
while I keep sucking". Soon they were back on her again.
Rodney was the first to get hard again, he grabbed her hand, "Enough hand now
some warm wet mouth", she shook her head but Trevor joined in, "Yah, up on all
fours, get on your knees". She looked at Rodney, the grin stuck firmly on his
face, "We ether fuck you or belt you, you know which will hurt less".

Slowly she knelt on the bed, Trevor held her, "Let him get under you and you sit
on his". John was under her, his eye's wide as she descended on his cock, she
held it in her hand as she guided it up her, his hand immediately went to her
firm swaying tit.

John stood at the head of the bed, bent his knees and pointed his dick at her
face, "Come to papa", she made the biggest sin of looking at him as she bent
forward and opened her mouth, his grin returned, "I like that, you just stay
looking at me while you suck the meaty bone", as her mouth closed over the cock
his eyes went to Trevor who was rubbing some cream on his cock end, he looked at
Rodney, put his finger to his lips then winked as he shook his head.

Rodney held her head tight as Trevor got on the bed behind her, knelt between
John's legs, grabbed her hips and rammed his cock at her puckered pink ass-hole.
Her struggle was in vane, the cream covered dick slid in to her before she had
time to tighten her muscle and all three boys fucked Pauline harder then she had
ever been fucked before.

Aroused by the continues workings, Pauline's body responded to their thrusting,
to her disgust she came twice during the three way rape. Trevor filled her ass
first, then John couldn't hold and shot himself in to her wet hole. Pauline was
kept sandwiched between the boys as the watched Rodney ramming his cock hard in
to her mouth, Trevor and John both played with her tits as they left their cocks
up her, Pauline was to busy trying not to choke to fight them off.

The words, "God that was fucking great", let them know he was filling her mouth,
John was the first to try and move as white sticky cum dribbled from Pauline's
mouth and fell on his face, that caused them all to move leaving the sobbing
women laying on the bed. Pauline laid there, tears running down her face as she
tried to cover her nakedness from the giggling gloating boys.

She lay alone until she heard the door bang, the clatter of bikes being moved
and then to the silence of the house. Pauline first looked in on her Kathy then
she crept down stairs and locked all the doors and windows, she looked at the
clock, 17.55.

For some unexplainable reason she thought of the news and switched the
television on. It must have been about 18.20 when the news reported said, "News
from Totsford Hospital today, Mr Raymond Hopkins, who was found unconscious two
days ago regained concusses this morning, Police released a statement saying
that Mr Hopkins had only tripped over his dog and no other person was involved,
they have discontinued their inquiries".

An audible scream then the words, "Little shits", was heard from number 28.



                                                                     Pagan.




Copyright, kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

                   Another story about Pauline's.

                                               The Perils of Pauline 16,

                                                    Pauline Grainger.

He sat looking at her as she deliberately tore a piece of wallpaper from the
side of the fire place, she screwed it up and threw it at him, "The place is a
shit hole, I want it decorated and I want it now." He looked anywhere but at
her, but she snapped, "Look at me, you promised it would be done before we got
married, that was three months ago, and if you didn't notice we got married a
fortnight ago so now I want to make new friends and show my house off, not be
ashamed of it."

He was searching for an answer that didn't involve money. After last weeks
honeymoon he was a bit short to the point his overdraft was well in to the red
but he didn't want his lovely new wife to know that. He smiled at her, "O K
darling you win, this month and that's a promise, now come here you sexy
creature," he put his arms out, she walked seductively towards him.
Pauline knelt by the chair and ran her hand over the bulge in his trousers, "And
the double glazing?"

He looked at her, a beautiful 20 year-old very sexy woman that was his wife and
swallowed, "Eeerrrr, yes I don't see why not."

She undid his zip and slid her hand in, all the time grinning up at him, "You
want to fuck?" Ralph nodded, "You want to fuck me?" He carried on nodding, "Here
or on the bed?" Ralph looked at the fire and nodded towards the rug, she pulled
his cock free, stood and walked back to the fire, turned and started to slowly
take her jumper off.

As the jumper went over her head her breasts lifted, the nipples pointed at him
they were so long and thick, "Christ your bloody gorgeous."
As she shook her hair she laughed, "Thank you sir," she slid her hands under
both breasts and lifted, first one nipple to her mouth, running her tongue over
it then, as she moved her hands to her zip he smiled at her, "To think you never
had full sex until me, that was only, what, 8 months ago and now look at you,
this is four times today."

She slid her skirt down her slender legs; "Hope you enjoy eating your supper?"
She hooked her thumb in to her pants and pushed the front down exposing her bold
pussy, Ralph slid off the chair and crawled towards her.
 "Looks a fine menu to me."

She lowered her voice to a sexy growl, "Eat me, eat me now," the pants strained
wide as she opened her thighs. Her fingers parted her fleshy cunt lips; Ralph
knelt in front of her, his tongue slipped up the open slit.
 "I'll have a portion of 69," she laughed at him.

 Still in the sexy voice said, "Sir will get his starter wet and well eaten
first, then we will think about a main course," she giggled, "Maybe toad in the
hole."

Like a obedient dog he licked hungrily at the open slit, her thighs opened more
as she bent her legs, little groans escaped her mouth, "Ooohhh that's soooo
good, more, come on more get in right in, oohh yesss there, just there
ooooshhhaaahhhh."
Ralph licked at his wife's wet cunt, sucking the flesh in to his mouth, the more
she moaned the more he worked on her, he knew she would be hot and willing.

She started to close on her climax, her hips pushed at him, he brought his
finger up and tickled lightly at the sensitive skin between her cunt and
ass-hole, that drove her over the edge and his face took the full force of her
splattering orgasm.

He stood; she put her arms around his neck and licked at his face, tasting
herself. Smiling at him she said, "As I was saying want to fuck?"
 He laughed, "Yes get naked, you hot assed bitch."

 As her pants slipped off her ankle she looked up at him, "Its you that made me
this way, I just love our sex."

As he slid his trousers off he said, "You just love our fucking, thank god I'm
back at work next week, I'll need the rest."
She dragged his pants down and closed her hand over his rigid cock, "That's next
week, this is now, fuck me, then I'll give you the best blow you have ever had
until your ready to fuck me again."

He lay on the rug, his hands toying with the hard nipples as she bounced and
squealed, milking his cock with her tight cunt muscles; he still didn't know
what he had done to deserve this beauty. He had met her only 8 months ago, they
hit it off straight away, if there was such a thing as love at first sight this
was it.

She had told him of a few boyfriends but she had only allowed a quick grope, but
when she finally let him in her bed, she was unbelievable. After he broke her in
she couldn't get enough, it was as though someone had thrown a switch, she had
discovered sex and she was insatiable.

He felt himself coming, she pumped him hard as he exploded in her; she rose off
him, moved to the side and dropped her head over his sticky cock, her mouth
sucked at it, her tongue licked at the mess of male and female juice, then her
mouth began to suck, forcing him hard again.

He watched the dark hair as it rose and fell, he felt fingers as they tickled
his sack. He could feel her tongue as it licked over the head of his cock. He
tried to push further in to her mouth, but she drew back, he knew she wouldn't
take it all the way, that's why she kept her hand around it, he whispered, "You
got a fabulous ass."

 Her hand continued the pumping of his cock as she turned and looked at him, "Oh
no, don't get any ideas, your not putting anything in there."

As he took a deep breath he thought, one day but for now, he grabbed her arm
pulled her up and kissed her hard before rolling her side ways and getting on
top, she opened her legs, her fingers found his cock and she pulled him in to
her.

They sat on the floor together, she looked at him, "You had enough or shall we
do it again," he shook his head, she laughed, "I'll make something to eat, you
ring the decorators and I don't want a cheap job," she kissed him, got up,
picking her clothes up as she did, she wiggled her firm round ass at him and
went towards the bathroom. Ralph picked up the phone book.

Later, on his way to the bathroom he passed her in the kitchen, "A week on
Tuesday, they will drop the wallpaper pattern books and a measuring guide in on
Thursday."

On the Thursday she came back from the shops to find three big books under the
porch. They spent that evening measuring the walls and choosing, she chose
expensive. Ralph said he'd drop the books back on his way to work on Friday and
give them the go ahead, she kissed him and thanked him by fucking him to a stand
still over the following three hours.

The following Tuesday morning Ralph was just finishing his last mouthful of corn
flakes when a large red and blue van pulled up out side, Pauline went to the
door just as the bell rang.
A man in his forties used his eyes to undress and redress the beautiful twenty
year-old in a matter of seconds before introducing himself as Bill, was it
alright if they made a start confirming the measurements, Pauline stood back to
let him in.

Ralph past him on his way out with a short, "Good morning" he also said, "Hy" to
the two others carrying in dustsheets, tables, ladders and buckets.
Ralph got in to the car as Bill said, "This is Mikey and Mervyn," as he closed
the car door he heard Bill laugh, "You've got Bill and his M & Ms," Pauline
thought it funny too.

She left them in the lounge as they started ruling the place out. She washed up
the breakfast things, there was a serving hatch between the kitchen and lounge,
much as the doors were closed she could still hear them talking above the radio.

She thought it was Mickey who first said, "I wouldn't mind measuring her up."
Bill was quick to answer, "I'd give her my 12 inch's but I don't use it as a
rule," they laughed and Pauline had a quite snigger.
Pauline kept listening, she soon found out what kind of men she had in her
house, especially Mervyn. "Reckon she'd put out, reckon we could get in her
pants, bet she'd look great, naked, on her back, legs open and eh, couldn't you
just drill that mouth of hers?"

Bill's voice was even more menacing, "Ya but did you see that ass, a real round
firm beauty, I always did like a bit of rump, and she looks like she's got a hot
one," he laughed as he said, "She better not bend down to close to me, don't
know what my old boner would do if it saw that pointing at it."
Mike chipped in, "Maybe we should ask her, you know, just tell her we want to
fuck her, she may just give up her cunt for a bit of fun, my cocks getting hard
at the thought of getting between her legs and fucking her."

Pauline felt strange, she found herself grinding her hips in to the knob on the
draw, listening to what these men wanted to do to her was arousing her. She went
to leave but their talk impelled her to stay; Mervyn spoke, "She seems to have
it all, her tits looked good, to good for that wimpy looking bloke who past us,
be good if he wasn't able to do the business, she might fancy a good hard
banging, a real three way fucking."

That was too much for Pauline, she quickly went upstairs to the bathroom and
locked the door.

She scrambled to get her jeans off, then her pants; putting the loo seat down
she sat, opened her legs and ran her fingers over her wet hard clit then peeling
her vulva head open she started rubbing, frequently letting her finger run down
and up pushing in to her wet hole.

Every time her fingers disappeared up inside her other hand slid up and squeezed
at her breast, fingers searching out the hard nipple through her clothes.
Sighs and moans increased as the feelings inside her grew; the fingering became
more frantic as she pumped her wrist faster, forcing her fingers to jab in to
her now hot sopping channel. She forced them up as far as they would go, her
other hand was now up under her jumper, her bra was pushed up to her neck
releasing her firm large breasts. Her fingers rolled and twisted at the hard
long hot nipple, her breathing became heavy, her moans of pleasure became erotic
grunts as she headed for a climax.

The three men listened at the bathroom door, each one with a grin knowing what
they were listening too.

Pauline wouldn't have heard them, she was trying hard not to make too much noise
herself as she bit her lip stifling the squeal of her orgasm; her body shuddered
before she slowly relaxed, her fingers released the nub of her clit and she slid
them up to her lips tasting the juice of her orgasm.

About half an hour later Pauline went back downstairs, the men just smiled at
her as she went about her business, then she made them coffee before leaving for
the shops. They gave her ten minutes before all three of them slipped in to the
bedroom and started looking through the draws.

They soon found her bra size; Mervyns put his hand round the cup and squeezed,
"As I said, good size tits, like to see them in this," he pulled out a black
lacy half cut, then various pants, thong, lace, silk and see through, even a
couple of suspender sets. Bill went to the bathroom and found the linen basket
complete with the pants she had used to wipe herself only an hour ago.

They were back at work when Pauline returned, she immediately went to the
kitchen to put things away, but she was hoping they may start talking again, she
didn't have to wait long.
Little did she know that this was all well rehearsed. Mikey said, "The one thing
I hate about this job is stripping." Mervyn voice was a little louder, "Bet you
wouldn't hate it so much if it was her you were stripping."
Bill joined the conversation, "Bet she strips down a treat, looks a right little
fuck machine, and bet those nipples are like chapel hat pegs when their roused,
bit like those tart's in my porno's."

Pauline was listening as Mikey said, "And you were going to let me have a look
at one of them."
Bill was still laughing, "And you said your machine was fucked, you can have the
bondage one when you can see it."
Mikey told him, "Bring it tomorrow, if the fuck bunny goes out we can use the
one she's got."

Pauline had never seen a porno movie; she began to wonder, where they as naughty
as people make out? Do men enjoy watching women tied up?

Pauline spent the rest of the day out of the way of the workmen, until she heard
them shouting, "Goodnight."

Ralph came home, Pauline put her arms round him and ground her hips in to him
and suggested an unromantic dinner in the kitchen to avoid the mess. As they ate
he was full of questions about the work in progress but Pauline really didn't
have much to say, she was more interested in making up for the dinner by getting
him upstairs and in bed, she needed a good fucking as soon as possible.
Ralph managed to satisfy her twice but she wanted more, she was hot and she was
now thinking of everything she had heard, her mind raced with the thought of
them watching a bondage porno video in her house.

Pauline was up early the next morning; quickly she had Ralph's breakfast sorted
then she manoeuvred the T V so it could be seen from the kitchen hatch.
She checked that she could get a good view with the hatch just slightly open,
then she played the dutiful wife until Ralph left and the van arrived.

She let the painters in and announced that she would be popping down to the bank
this morning, would be about an hour. As she washed up she heard them, "So you
got the vid in here or is it in the van?"
Bill laughed, "It's in the tool bag, now wait your hurry."

Pauline set the kitchen door so she could slip back in and then said her
goodbyes and sees you later as she went out.
Silently she slipped back; as she got in to the kitchen the men had already
taken some covers off the sofa and Bill was loading the machine.

As he sat Pauline got a good view, she tried not to laugh as she heard him say,
"Now you boys don't go messing your pants, you know the deal, if your good I'll
bring another sexier one tomorrow remember every-thing cums to he who waits,"
Pauline thought what a strange thing to say, must be man talk, suddenly the
screen came to life.

It started with a very pretty girl coming in to a room, she was wearing a sports
top and shorts; there was a man in a mask hiding in the room, he poured some
stuff out of a bottle on to a handkerchief and grabbed her from behind.

Closing the cloth over her mouth and nose he held her, fondling her breasts as
she slowly past out, then he dragged her to a chair and tied her to it
continually fondling her lovely young body.
He left her until she came too, as she did he had three strips of tape which he
gagged her with, she made lovely mmmm sounds as he did.

As she mmmmd in to her gag he stood behind her and pulled her top up exposing a
pair of large firm breasts. The three men started making commits, Mikey said,
"Bet Mrs Fuck Bunny got things that size, bet they'd look good with some rope
round them."
Bill said, "Bet she'd look good with a lot of rope holding her."
Pauline suddenly felt a little shudder as the last voice said, "Ya holding her
legs wide open."

Just then the man in the film moved to the front of the helpless girl and
started to pull her shorts down, as he pulled them down Pauline saw the girl had
a perfectly trimmed thin line of hair that matched the cress's her thighs made,
like three lines pointing to her tight pussy. The man knelt there running his
finger over the tight slit, then he got up and moved back behind the girl and
got the cloth again, he laid it over the helpless girls mouth and as she started
to pass out again he whispered in her ear.

Pauline struggled to hear but what she heard gave her a all to well known
feeling between her legs, she listened, she heard, "That's it little sweetie-pie
you go sleepies and when you wake up you will be tied spread eagle on your bed
with me fucking that cute pussy you got between your legs and that will just be
for starters as I'm staying here all night."

The picture faded, Pauline wondered, what the, when suddenly the scene had
shifted. It was a hall way then the helpless girl, now total naked, came
bouncing out of a room, her hands tied behind her, her feet taped together and
tape still over her mouth, as she jumped her breasts bounced up and down, much
to the excitement of the men.

Pauline watched as a man followed the bouncing girl, he had the bottle but now
he had a dust mask, he poured the mixture in to the mask and caught up with the
girl, he held her and put the dust mask over her mouth and nose then fastened it
to her head via the elastic leaving his hands free to play with her breasts
again.

As she started to be overcome by the fumes he still pulled at her nipples making
her squeal, laughing at her he whispered again, "Now don't you go runnin out on
me, didn't you enjoy the fucking I just gave that cunt, ass and mouth of yours?"
As the film continued Pauline swallowed hard and rubbed herself between her
legs, "I just rang three of my friends and told them what a pretty obliging girl
you are and how tight your ass was, well it got them excited, you'll be
delighted to know their on their way over so all four of us can fuck you and
with you all tied up you ain't gonna stop us," he ran his hand down the front of
her and tickled her between the legs, "So you just have a rest, your gonna need
it," the girl slid from his grasp and collapsed to the floor.

Bill got up, "This next segments great," he moved over a put something on the
hatch shelf pushing the door closed, Pauline was really hot and wanted to see
more, she made her mind up there and then to make them a drink.
She quietly made them a soft drink and then marched in to the lounge. Mikey was
the first to jump up and try and cover the T V, Bill just turned and looked at
her, "Sorry thought you where out, just educating the boys with some birds and
the bees films, hope you don't mind?"

Pauline brushed the remark aside, "Its your break time so don't mind me, I'm
broad minded, I'll get on with my jobs," as she spoke she picked up some-things
for the rubbish and put them in a black bag plus a dust mask and a roll of tape,
then moved the tin from the kitchen hatch shelf, she didn't notice but Bill had
watched her every move.
As she left she turned to see this beautiful girl as a secret agent, she was
scantily dressed, had a gun and was breaking in to a warehouse.

Pauline got back to the kitchen; she could now see the T V. The girl was moving
through a maze of corridors and there were three men watching her. They all
pounced on her at the same time, she was overwhelmed and chloroformed.
The next scene had Pauline pushing her hip in to the knob on the kitchen unit,
there was the girl, completely naked, her arms taped behind her back and her
legs crossed and taped.

One of the men held her pants in his hand, "Open wide your gona suck your pants
first," the girl was shaking her head and moaning, "No, No," but they held her
head and forced her pants in to her mouth then three pieces of tape held them
there.

The men immediately attacked her body, two sucked and squeezed her tits and
nipples the other got between her legs and fingered her sweet slit, they
tormented her. One just used his hands on her tits while telling her that the
boss was coming over and was going to torture her and then dispose of her, so,
as it would take him a couple of hours to get there they hoped she wouldn't mind
if they used her gorgeous body to relive themselves.

Pauline began rubbing herself now, little groans came from her mouth; she was so
wrapped up in the film she didn't notice Bill slide out. He crept upstairs and
with a little oil lubricated the hinges and locks on the bathroom and bedroom
doors before sliding back downstairs and in to his seat.

The three men on the film had just tied thin lengths of string around the
helpless girls fat long nipples and were pulling her around the bed accompanied
by her squeals and moans, all the time telling her they would only stop when she
nodded yes to a face fucking; they continued to smack her ass and push fingers
up her until she nodded.

Pauline stifled a huge groan as she watched them pull the girl painfully up to a
sitting position just using the nipple strings, she watched two of the men
attack the girls swollen nipples and tight cunt and as the gag was removed and
the third man stuffed his huge cock in to the girls protesting mouth Pauline
grabbed the tape, some string and scissors out of the kitchen draw, the dust
mask and headed upstairs to her bedroom.

Pauline stripped down to her pants, took the tape and wrapped it round her
ankles, then her knees and up tight around her thighs. She then cut three
pieces, one for across her mouth then the other two made a cross over the first,
next was the dust mask, it smelt of paint stripper, not very nice at all but
that's what she had; she fell and rolled on to the bed.

Pauline pulled a length of tape and stuck it loosely around her wrists, then
twisted them about to make it feel tight. Making sure the scissors were close
she laid back. She felt how wet she was becoming between her legs and she
quietly mounded and mmmmd from behind the gag, she imagined herself at the mercy
of the three masked men and what they could do to her.

To finish her fantasy she could still manage to tie a small loop at the end of
the two pieces of string and slip each one over her hard thick long aroused
nipples, she tugged them tight. The sensation was electric as she felt her
climax coming; tugging as hard as she dare, lifting her entire breast up she
finally came, the gag keeping the noise down as her juice splat out from between
her bound legs making a stain on the bedcover. Pauline's whole body shook as she
almost fainted from the incredible orgasm, and all this was watched buy three
pairs of excited eyes just peeking through the now open door.

About half an hour later Pauline came back down, she called to the men, "Do you
want a cuppa?"
She was surprised by the answer, "No we have a lot to do today, thank you," and
they worked non-stop for at least an hour longer than yesterday, leaving just
before Ralph got home.

Ralph had just had a shit of a day and the thought of getting upstairs at nine
for his demanding wife was not what he had in mind. He had a stack of work to
finish and as he said if he didn't finish today's work he would have to stay
late tomorrow night because there was going to be shit loads on his desk
tomorrow morning not counting this lot. Pauline sulked until he gave in and did
his duty, well only twice until sleep overcame him. Pauline lay there thinking
of the poor helpless naked bound girl and what film the decorators were going to
bring tomorrow.

The day started as did the last, Pauline making sure she had a clear view of the
T V then breakfast, then a loving kiss goodbye as Ralph moaned about, "Expect me
when you see me." Waving the pile of papers he still had to do he got in to the
car and drove off, just ten minutes before the van arrived.

She waited until about ten when she took them coffee, checked they were all
right and announced she was going upstairs to clean. Five minutes later she
crept back down and sneaked in to the kitchen, sure enough they were gathered
round the T V.

The film had already started, Pauline watched as this woman went door to door
selling cosmetics. She giggled inwardly at the thought of the Avon lady; the
woman was very attractive, Pauline wondered why such attractive women did this
then realised all things have a price when your desperate for cash.

She watched as the scene cut to a house, three men were ransacking it when the
woman walked up the path and rung the bell, the door was unlocked and one man
shouted, "Come in."
Once through the door she was pounced on, she saw the same dust mask routine and
the women rendered unconscious; as they ripped her clothes off Pauline felt
herself, she was wet.

Then they gagged her and carried her upstairs to the bedroom, there they crossed
her arms, tied them up the middle of her back and laid her on her stomach over
some pillows tying her legs open to the bottom of the bed, slowly she came too.

One man bent at the side of her and Pauline heard him say, "Hello lady, just to
let you know we are gona belt your ass for a while then we are gona ask you a
few questions if the answers are yes then we will stop stinging your ass and
move on to more pleasant funning with you, right boys, sting her."   

The men started spanking her, slaps reined down on the defenceless woman ass,
Pauline was getting wetter, then one man left only to return with a cucumber,
they all laughed as he shoved it up the poor women before the started slapping
at it forcing it hard up in to her cunt.

She was mmmmin and moanin as the attack continued until a man grabbed her hair
and said, "You gona give us the best fuckin we ever had or are we gona start
whipping in on your tits and cunt, the woman pitifully nodded.
Pauline was rubbing herself hard on the wooden knobs, she would turn and see the
woman being fucked in the mouth or on all fours being used in the ass and mouth
still with the cucumber being reamed in to her cunt but what she didn't see was
Mervyn slip up stairs with a can of spray glue.

Pauline watched the fucking of the helpless woman for a bit longer before
quietly going to the sink cupboard and pulling out some clothesline, then to the
fridge where she had a cucumber, she could feel how wet her pants were as she
slipped out the kitchen and up the stairs to her bedroom.
She closed the door and stripped down to her pants; she cut the cumber to about
seven inch's then cut the rope, she found the bits from yesterday.

Soon her ankles were tied, her knees tied, she easily pushed the cucumber up her
wet pussy then she strapped her thighs tight also she let her pants hold in the
vegetable in. She got the three strips to cover her mouth, the string for her
nipples, then fastened a loose bit of rope around her wrists and tied to her
ankles so that when she straightened her legs the knot pulled tight, when she
brought her knees up again so the knot loosened and she could release herself.
She looked for the dust mask and found it.

She slipped the mask on, it smelt very funny but Pauline was in too much of a
rush to bother. She put the slip knots on her nipples bent her head and fastened
the two ends of the nipple string behind her neck, pulling her head back her
nipples pulled up with it, the knots tightened, a thrill ran through her. Then
she put her hands behind her back slipped her wrist in to the loop and
straightened her legs pulling the slip knot tight, slowly she started to rock,
the cucumber exciting her already wet cunt.

The smell in the mask was overpowering, Pauline could feel she was getting light
headed, she couldn't understand what was happening, the room began to spin, and
slowly she stopped rocking.
As soon as she lay motionless the three men entered the bedroom, Bill nudged
Mervyn, "Hope you didn't spray too much glue in to that mask," Mikey was already
by the bed.

Bill rolled her over on to her back and started playing with her tits, Mikey was
sucking on a nipple while Mervyn found the end of the cucumber, Bill looked at
them, "Come on, the time for her is later, turn her back so I can get at her
wrists."
As the lads held her Bill pulled her legs up, then loosened the rope; taking it
off he tied it so it wouldn't release. Meanwhile Mikey had taken out the
cucumber, coated it with chilli pepper and pushed it back up, Bill pushed the
mask away from her face and they left.

The three of them stood outside the bedroom waiting. In the bedroom Pauline came
round, she shook her head and tried to move, as she did she felt hot between her
legs, incredible hot, she pulled her legs up and tired to pull her wrists apart
but nothing happened.
As she pulled and squirmed she moved her head tightening the loops on her
nipples the sensation was exciting her body but not as much as the heat she now
felt raging in her cunt.

She squirmed around the bed pulling at her bound wrist, she began to panic but
the only thing she achieved was to excite her aroused body until she felt her
first orgasm flood her cunt, but it wouldn't stop.

As she tried to get off the bed she pushed the cucumber further up touching even
more of her sensitive places, another climax was building. Quickly she stood and
jumped towards the place she knew she had hidden the scissors. Moving her body
and twisting her tied wrists she opened a draw but there was no sign of them,
suddenly Bills voice made her jump, "Looking for theses?"

As she turned she fell back against the dresser staring at them, the three men
grinned back at her, Bill continued his ridicule of the helpless woman, "Looks
like we got one of those porn stars, what do you think lads, should we help with
her rehearsal?"

Mikey laughed, "Oh yes please I've always wanted to be in the movies."
As the two men moved towards Pauline Bill said, "I suggest you gentlemen take
that string from around her neck, I think its walkies time."

Pauline shook her head and made mmmmm sounds from behind the tape as Mikey and
Mervyn untied the string from around her neck, then they took a step back and
pulled; she felt her nipples pulled out and she tried to jump forward to relive
the pain.
They kept her moving, making her hop towards Bill, smiling Bill watched as she
bounced towards him, "Oh yes just look at those two beauties bounce, keep her
coming lads, in fact lets keep her cuming, isn't that right Mrs, you want us to
keep you cuming for the rest of the day," as she was forced to bounce up to him
he ran his finger over her pants, "Don't you?"

Pauline still made silly noises at him, they got louder as he pushed Mervyn to
his right and Mikey to his left and stood in between them staring at her, "If
you pull right Mervyn and Mikey you pull left Mrs Funk Bunny here will not be
moving, I want her like that," he ran his thumb over the tape covering her lips,
"There's something wrong with her bondage," he grinned in Pauline's face, "Got
to have it right haven't we Fuck Bunny?"

The two lads pulled the nipple strings hard out ether side, Pauline's tits
opened and she squealed, again the squeals got louder as Bill snipped the
scissors at her face then lowered them to cut away her pants.
Snipping ether side he peeled them from between her legs and waved then in her
face. He hung them in front of his nose and sniffed, "Mmmmm smells real hot and
they look awful wet, what do you think?" Pauline shook her head as he draped
them over her nose, then he dropped the scissors and pulled at the tape over her
mouth. No sooner had he peeled the three pieces back then she started to shout,
not for long, he held her jaw and rammed the pants in to her mouth and resealed
her mouth with the tape.

Smiling at her Bill said, "There that's more like the film, what did he say? Oh
yes, suck on them; now you smell hot lets see if you taste hot, pull her round
lads, lets have her bent over the bed."
Mikey and Mervyn giggled like school boys as they tugged her nipple strings,
forcing her to hop one way then the other, she squealed at them, Bill's smile
never left his face, "You remember what they said on the film, agree to a face
fuck and we stop," as he spoke his fingers slipped between her legs, "I don't
think that will be long, I do believe you are very wet."

Finally they pulled her round to face the bed, Mervyn took both pieces of string
and went to the other side pulling her forward, she fell face down on the bed,
the way her legs were tied forced her to keep them straight, her ass stuck up
invitingly.

Bill slapped the defenceless globes, "Come here Mikey, look at these lovely
hole's," he ran his hand over her ass then pushed in to the crack finding her
ass hole, "Oh yes, tight really tight, my dick and your anal passage are going
to become real friends."

Pauline shook her head and squealed, Bill just laughed, "The trouble with
bondage is you don't have any say it what we do with you or to you, here Mickey
come get a taste of this hot fuck bunny."
Mikey knelt behind her and started to tickle her ass and cunt lips making her
ass wiggle, then she felt a hot wet tongue licking at her cunt and a long deep
moan came from behind the gag, Bill looked at Mervyn, "Keep tugging them nipples
we'll work on her this end."

Lovely slurping noises could be heard as Mikey sucked at her cunt, Bill
continually slapped her ass and Mervyn kept pulling one nipple then the other,
all this was accompanied by Pauline's grunts, squeals and moans. Bill slapped
her hard, "A little pleasure a little pain, your liking it aren't you Mrs Fuck
Bunny, would you like this?" Bill walked round the bed, pulling his cock out as
he did, it was big, Pauline's eyes widened when she saw it, all thick ten inch's
of it slapped her face.

"You imaging this in one of your holes, I am," she just looked at it, her body
was now rocking to the fingering and licking her cunt was receiving from Mikey,
she groaned as Bill turned and walked behind her, "Wet her ass boy, wet her up
for me, this is where the fun," he lent and pulled Pauline's hair up, dragging
her face to his, "Begins, for all of us."

Mikey continued to push his fingers in to her sopping cunt then he spread the
juice over and in to her ass, Pauline squealed every time the digit pushed past
her anal muscle, Bill took his jeans off, then his pants, gripped her hips and
slowly started to push his hard cock at her hole.

Much as Pauline tried to escape the invading meat she still had to contend with
Mikey's fingers tickling her wet hot cunt and Mervyn's continues pulling on her
hard aroused nipples. Suddenly her squeals turned to moans, Bills cock pushed in
filling her as he drove the full length inside her cute round ass.

Bill held her as he got up a slow thrusting rhythm. Pauline went quite, then
long low moans, grunts came in time with Bills thrust's he looked at Mervyn,
"Take the gag off and stick your cock in her mouth, she wants it."
 Mervyn peeled off the tape, Pauline just kept grunting as Bill kept up his
assault on her ass. Mervyn took his jeans off then his pants before he knelt
forward, pulled the attractive housewife's head up and pushed his cock at her
lips.

Bill and Mervyn smiled at each other as her lips folded over his cock and he
felt her tongue run over the head.
Mervyn's youth showed as he started fucking her face hard, he pushed his cock
in. Pauline wasn't used to taking it all, she usually held Ralph's cock but with
her arms fastened behind her she couldn't stop the cock in her mouth pushing
down her throat.

As the head of the cock rammed down her throat Pauline learnt very quickly to
take a breath through her nose each time the cock slid past her wind-pipe but it
excited her not to be in control, and the fucking her ass was getting was
driving her wild. She screamed as she felt the cock in her mouth twitch and
start to pump its juice in to her mouth, she sucked at it, drinking the cream
out of it and she had no choice but to let it run down her throat.

Next it was Bills turn to pump her full, banging his cock hard up her ass until
it spued out loads of cum, filling her and making her scream to her third
orgasm.
Bill shoved her off his cock and watched her roll on to the bed, he looked at
Mervyn, "You, get your ass down stairs, you know what to do and do it fast and
do it right, all things being right you can come back up here and have another
go at her, so if you want to fuck her again fucking move."

As Mervyn dressed he watched Bill pull the strings off her nipple and start
sucking at them, his walk downstairs was accompanied by her moans as Bills
fingers rubbed at her clit.
Mervyn finished the work that he knew had to be done on time, he knew they only
had tomorrow left so time was of the assents; he rechecked his work and went
back to the bedroom.

 As he opened the door Bill was on his back on the bed, Mikey was leaning back
on the bedroom wall, Pauline still had her arms fastened behind her and the
nipple strings were back on, she was bouncing up and down on Bills cock, Mikey
pulled the nipple strings as her mouth held his cock all the way in.

Bill turned and asked, "All done?" Mervyn nodded, "Good, now get your kit off
and fill her last hole, she ain't gona stop you she likes her arms tied." Mervyn
climbed on the bed behind her Mikey pulled on the strings dragging her forward,
Bill said, "Come her gorgeous you can give me these nips to suck on while the
boy has your once tight ass," she tried to say something but Mikey kept fucking
her mouth.

The three men fucked her for the rest of the day. She let them do anything they
liked to her as much as they wanted; they kept her naked making her nothing but
a sex toy. Sometimes one would take her up for a sixty nine but mostly two kept
grabbing her, they loved taking her back upstairs to use her on her own
matrimonial bed.
Pauline was humiliated at every opportunity, at one point Bill called the two
lads in just to let them see him working in the alcove while he had Pauline on
her knees kissing and licking his balls and ass while she fingered her own cunt.

The three of them had just given Pauline a three hole fucking and left within
ten minutes of Ralph arriving home, this night Pauline let him do his work and
he only had to service her once before she fell asleep.
In the morning Pauline watched him drive away, as he did so the van pulled up
and the three men entered the house.

The three surrounded Pauline pushing her back against the wall, Bill looked at
her, "Well?"
 Pauline looked down, "Good morning sir," Bill chuckled, "That's better, now get
upstairs, put on the sexiest tit holder and cunt cover you got, suspenders,
stockings and high heels, then get your cute ass back down here, so we can fuck
you."

 Pauline whimpered, "Yes sir,"

 Bill grabbed her jaw, "We've made a plan, we will be finished on time but your
gona be fucking and sucking us all day understand?" Pauline nodded, "Yes sir."
Bill let go of her jaw and turned her towards the stairs, slapping her ass he
said, "Good, now move it before I sting it."

Pauline spent the whole day being their sex slut, she walked around her own home
but instead of her normal day clothes she had to wear, her black push up silk
bra after they cut the middles out to let her nipples push through, then
matching black G-strings pants but they had to be pulled tight up her ass and
cunt slits; her red suspender set and dark seemed stocking, the ones she worn to
get Ralph excited, now set her legs off in her high black ankle strapped shoes.

She may have been the housewife but no housework got done that day, the only
work was usually done by one decorator while the other two kept Pauline hot,
horny and begging to be fucked. The three men took great delight in knowing that
even if she argued all they had to do was hold her or tie her up then start
sucking her hot cunt and she would let them do anything they wanted to her.

Likewise they couldn't get enough of her young sexy body, especially her mouth
and ass they loved the way she gave them a long slow very deep throat and would
beg for a hard ass fucking accompanied by a little slapping, just three times
did they all take her at once.

It was Mikey and Mervyn who were the worest; they couldn't believe they had this
stunning 20-year-old married housewife pleasuring them.
Mervyn had his fantasy by taking her upstairs bending her over and fucking her
ass while her legs were tied open, then having her lick and suck clean the brown
coloured cum of his cock.
Mikey had his when he got her hands tied behind her and her tits tightly tied;
she had to stand in her own lounge with her legs spread as they three of them
worked on her balloon size tits, they furiously sucked her now hyper sensitive
nipples while they rubbed her clit and fingered her ass, she squirmed around
begging them to stop or just fuck her but they didn't until she had three
uncontrollable forced orgasm's.

They all fucked her to the end of the day.

Pauline only just had time to wash her cum drenched body before Ralph came home.
He came home to a clean smart well decorated home, he smiled at his wife who was
now in the kitchen dressed casually in her light house dress making his dinner,
"Well Pauline, they seemed to have done a good job, are you pleased with what
they did? Did you get on with them? Did they do all you wanted? I see they have
repaired everything I can't see any holes untouched I'm glad you insisted in
them filling them; yes I'll pay them tomorrow.

Ralph stood in the office, Bill handed him the account, "There you are Ralph, as
agreed you just pay for the materials, I wish we had more jobs like that we
really had a good time with your wife you're a lucky bastard."
Ralph smiled at him, "Well it saved me a packet."
Bill continued, "Don't forget us when you want the upstairs done as long as it's
the same terms."
Ralph smiled at him and went to leave, he stopped and looked back at Bill, "By
the way do you know any double glazers?"



                                                       Pagan.




Copy-right, Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

                            Another story about Pauline's by Pagan.

                                      The Perils of Pauline


                                                                                            
Pauline Sharp.

I thought to myself, why can't a grown man get his accounts right, I've been in
this office for six months and not once has Barry Samuels got the figures to
balance and he's an accountant, but I suppose I'll put it right and he'll get
the credit, again.
I was mussing over his stupidity when Valerie from over-seas banking came in to
my office, she looked, well the only word for it is nervous, she sat beside me,
"Pauline would you do me a big, big favour?"

I stopped what I was doing and looked at her, she was a nice girl, a little
overly anxious to please men, I suppose a less polite person would call her
desperate to get a man, marry and have kids, thank the lord I didn't have any
during my six year marriage to the Reverent Lawrence Sharp, I pushed my chair
back,  "Well what is this big, big favour?"

She squirmed "Well," I looked at her and said, copy cat style, "Well," she took
a deep breath, "Well, your off this afternoon aren't you?"
I started to smile, "Yes, why?"
"Eerrrrr I was wondering if you would go somewhere for me," she was looking
anywhere but at me.
 I tried to be gentle, "I wasn't planning anything special and I think my pussy
can look after her self for a few hours," she giggled, I looked at her
quizzically, "Anyway go on, it can't be that difficult."

She perked up, "You know Rod in the next office to me."
I nodded, "You mean the dark haired one the other girls call Randy Rod."
She smiled, "Eeerrr yes that's him, well we have been seeing each other and he
seems a bit keen and he wants to see me tomorrow night and he, I mean we, want
to have a bit of fun," I looked side-ways at her, "A bit of fun, as in?"

She got a little defensive, "Look its all right for you, at this moment in time
you say you don't want to be involved but when you do, you are pretty and, well
you have the looks and shape that men crave, me well I just want some-one."
I knew I'd been a little too flippant and upset her; I apologized and asked her
to say what she wanted.

"He, we want to play some roll play games."
 I looked stupidly at her, "I'm afraid I have no idea want your talking about."

She smiled, "You are as naive as they say, you don't know about roll play and
sex games," I shook my head but she was right I have always been, shall we say
careful in my attitude, I was brought up by a very religious raceme and being a
clergy-mans wife and protected in that kind of environment, its left me a little
less than worldly wise.

"Well the big favour is," the words suddenly tumbled out of her mouth, "Would
you go to this shop, its on your way home and get me those and bring them in
tomorrow?" I looked at the glossy paper she had handed me, THE STARLIGHT
EROTICA, SEX SHOP and she had pointed at a leather hand restrainer and ankle
hobblers; I nearly dropped the book.

"You have got to be joking," I looked at her, she wasn't and she was so
embarrassed I suddenly felt sorry for her.
She was just about to start sobbing, her chair went back and she began to stand,
I put my hand out, "No, no," I said, "Don't be silly I'll get these, eeerrrr
things for you, good lord its only a shop."
She bent forward and planted a kiss on my cheek, "Thank you, oh thank you,
here's the money, thank you, must dash," and she turned and almost ran out the
office before I had chance to change my mind.

I looked at these goods I had promised to get, it was a thick leather belt with
cuff holders fastened to it slightly behind the hip. The ankle straps had a
rigid six-inch bar fastened between them, all to daft for me as I took note of
the address and stuffed the paper in to my handbag.

It must have been around two when I parked up in a free market car park and set
off to find this den of filth. 
Down three back streets and up a small dead end alley and there it was, shabby
and dirty, I thought that it just summed up the people that go in there, yet
here I was pushing the door open.

I small Asian looking man stood putting something on a shelf, he looked at me,
stared for a moment, looked me up and down and turned away, I heard voices.
I started to look at the shelves, I was revolted by what I saw, packets of
plastic phallic objects with names like, Thunder cock, Pleasure pump and Pussy
plunger, I suddenly realised why Valerie had giggled. Things like clips with
chains on them and pictures of them on women's nipples or little tiny funnels
things with rubber balls on them, a picture on the packet showed them as suction
things again on nipples, I was horrified.

Then there were things for men, Big boy pump up tubes and rubbery women's
virginal passage's and row upon row of filthy books and videos, all with the
most disgusting pictures on the front, I was amazed to see women with men's
penis's in their mouths.
The sights and the weird smell in the place had me feeling a little sick when
the sound of footsteps and a click made me turn to the door then a voice behind
me made me turn back again, it was the little man, "Lady want buy?"

I fumbled in my handbag and pulled out the glossy paper, "eeerrr, its these," I
pointed at the two articles.
 He smiled, his black teeth looked awful and his breath had such an sweet sickly
odour it was nearly overpowering, "Oh special please to follow."

We went towards a thick red curtain and he held it open for me; I peered in. It
was a small room with a thick pole in the centre, I assumed for ceiling support,
and a door at the other side, a scratching noise came from behind, a guard dog,
well its that kind of place but what took my breath away was the walls, they
were a mass of the most perverted things I had ever seen.

Rubber hoods, leather harnesses, straps, handcuffs, belts, chains my mind
couldn't take it all in. There was a wall covered in what looked like gags,
straps with red balls or wide rings, even one with what looked like a mans
penis, then there were whips, crops, bats, paddles and canes.

My eyes fell on the restrainers that Valerie had wanted, I pointed, he moved
towards them, "Oh yes this what lady want," he picked them off the wall, "You
like?"
 I blurted out, "Oh there not for me there for a friend."
 He laughed, "Oh lady not worry here, we very discreet, you try for get size
right."
I was confused the smell was getting to me, it was very scented and making me
feel light headed he came over to me with them in his out stretched hand, "Take
off coat we try."

I was suddenly aware of a second man, he was behind me, "Please to take off
coat, we can't sell if it not right, may have to alter."
I was confused and feeling very giddy, they kept on, "Please to take coat off,"
"Must make fit," "If lady want to be sexy lady then must be tight."
 I just wanted to get out; I started to unbutton my coat, I handed it to the
second man who hung it behind a mirror; I looked at myself.

There I was surrounded by all these obscene objects, it was almost laughable, me
with my button up the front short sleeve white blouse and long fully buttoned
cotton skirt covered in small multi coloured dots and small black court shoes,
my hair neatly tied back, I looked like Audrey Hepburn in some sort of dreadful
adult perverted movie.

I hadn't noticed before but the room was quite smoky and the smell was getting
stronger, for some unknown reason I giggled, silly of me as this belt thing was
fastened round my waist and clipped tight. The little man smiled at me, I was
trying hard to concentrate as he took my right hand and pulled it slightly
behind me and buckled it in to the leather cuff, the same thing was happening to
my left wrist.

I pulled and struggled, "Yes that's fine, I'll take it," I expected them to
remove the straps but the little man handed the leg thing to the other man and
they both knelt at my feet, I tried to move away but they kind of pushed me
round until my back was pressing on the post, the smell on incense, that's what
it was, incense, was very heavy, I lay back feeling dizzy.

I was aware of the straps on my legs being tightened I came back to reality with
a start, "No please no, stop it, its not for me."
They both stood, "You like it, what you want, you like sexy things, make lady
sexy."
Was it me or was it him, one of us wasn't making any sense, "I tried harder,
"No, listen to me take them off I don't like it, I'm not like that its not for
me its for a friend, don't you understand.

The little man turned and picked up this black hood thing. My eyes were heavy
and blurred the smell in the room was over powering me but I could still make
out what he had in his hand.
It was a full head hood, tiny slits where the eyes and nose would be and a big
round O shape at the mouth; like the top of a jar with lugs you could screw
things too.

He lifted his other hand with what looked like a wide ring and a rubber balloon
shaped thing, it had a thin tube coming out and a little pump on the end, he
waved his hands in my face, "See look see these to go with straps, I sell cheap,
you have good time with these on, very sexy, make pretty lady feel good, hot and
good, yes, you take."

I was still trying to think straight in my confused state I said, "No, no I
wouldn't know how to use them, I."
He pulled a small stool from under a shelf and jumped up on it saying, "Me show,
it make you feel hot, wet and ready for man."
My eyes flicked upwards just in time to see him undo the zip before he pushed it
hard over my head, everything went black, he shook my head and I felt the thing
turning and moving suddenly the slits at the eyes allowed me a little vision,
then I heard the zip go down and the whole thing tighten around my face.

I moved my mouth until I could push my tongue through the hole and I started to
speak. The hood muffled the sound and the jaw piece restricted movement, I know
I was repeating over and over, take it off, take it off, but he wasn't taking
any notice, he was holding the balloon shaped thing and screwing the tube
tightly to it.

Being taller than both of them I was having to twist and turn my head to see
through the slits, I was now pleading with them to let me go, this had gone to
far, this must stop, but they were oblivious to my cry's and what was disturbing
me most was that now they were both laughing at each other and jabbering in
their own tongue.

As panic set in I started to shout, I was almost hysterical when I saw the
little one jump back up on the stool, thank the lord I thought, they were only
trying to frighten me for being stupid enough to go there alone, he's going to
release me.
Suddenly I felt something hard being pushed through the mouth hole, I tried to
dislodge it but it was pushed further in, it hurt as it plopped in pushing my
tongue under it.

I saw the other ones hand come up, it must have covered the mouth piece,
stopping the rubber thing from moving, my stomach convulsed as I looked through
the slit I saw the little man with the pump in his hand, he pressed it and the
thing in my mouth grew, then again and again the rubber thing growing, filling
my mouth completely, again he pressed, it was pushing my tongue to the bottom of
my mouth, the roof of my mouth stretched to try and accommodate this fat rubber
ball.

I was trying to swallow, my vocal cords unable to make an audible sound, I
watched in horror as he unscrewed the little tube and got off the stool, I could
see through the slits both of them looking at me and suddenly I realised how
helpless I was.

That toothy smile was back on his face, "It good, yes, you think you buy, you
like bondage, it make you sexy, I bet you sexy lady, I bet you sexy now."
I shook my head while making a ridiculous noise, he still smiled, I couldn't see
the other one but it was what he was saying that was terrifying me.
"You women like to be helpless, it make you want fucky, fucky all the time, you
like you can't say no, you like you can't stop man or may be lady from doing
what they like with you, I bet you wet lady now, maybe you want me find out."

There was movement behind me, behind my head, I remembered that the hood had a
sort of ring on the back, like you would have on a dog collar, something clicked
and my neck was fastened to the pole.
As he moved forward he looked up at me, "Now sexy lady can't go anywhere, make
sexy lady wetter," as he said that he bent, I could just move my head and see
his hand move to the hem of my skirt, I moaned as I saw the first of my skirt
buttons undone, then the next as he moved up the front of my skirt, one by one
the buttons were undone.

I had no stockings on, I felt the skirt start to open until he stood, looked at
me and flicked the top one, the skirt fell to the floor, with out stopping he
carried on, this time my blouse buttons were the focus of his attention.
As he reached the collar button hands came from behind and pulled the blouse
back to my shoulders and down my arms, he admired me, "You have very nice body
and I know lady very pretty, you like this, you play this game with your man or
lady friend, I bet you wet."
My body shook, I waited, was he going to touch me, when suddenly some-one did,
the other little man put his hand between my legs and squeezed at my vagina, I
squealed around the rubber, then I moaned as I heard a voice say, "Yes lady has
wet pants."

The little mans smile was now almost a sneer as he moved forward, I felt his
hand on me, he was pushing at me, trying to get his dirty little fingers inside
my pants, I squeezed my knees tightly together.
He whispered to the other one, he moved from my line of vision only to return
with a thick belt, not an ordinary belt, instead of a buckle it had a ratchet.

They put it around my leg, just above the knee then back around the pole before
wrapping around my other leg, then I heard the first click, then the second, I
felt the pull on my legs, slowly they were being pulled back around the pole,
slowly they were being forced open.

As my legs opened he smiled up at me, "Lady making a real game, making it fun
for sex," he ran his finger over my pants feeling the full length of my vaginal
opening, "Lady nice and wet, me know how to make lady very wet, wait here," he
laughed as he slipped out through the curtain.
He scampered back in; I could just see a packet in his hand and the name on it,
PUSSY PLUNGER.

He opened the box, I groaned as I saw one of those disgusting plastic phallic
shaped things, it looked like a mans penis but it was bigger than Lawrence and
covered in thick ribbed lines, it had a wire from its base to a control box and
the little man was putting batteries in to it.

 He closed the box and pressed a red button; even though the sound was muffled I
could still hear the droning buzz.
I strained to look down; he moved the tip of it to my neck then slowly ran it
down. As it ran between the cups of my bra and on to my stomach, I could see
that the tip and the ribs were moving, pulsating, I could feel the vibration as
he pushed it a my naval then over the leather strap until I felt it at the top
of my pants touching the start of my pubic hair, now the vibration was having a
strange effect on me.

My hips jumped at the sensation, I heard, "Oh yes lady like, lady getting hot
for fucky, fucky toy, I do some more, you like?" I felt it moving down and it
was taking my pants down with it, I was shaking my head and moaning but all he
said was, "You getting hotter mean you getting wetter."

Suddenly the tip of the thing touched the top of my labia, it tickled in the
strangest way, I tried to move but all he did was push it further in to my
opening, the vibrating head was amazing I felt my stomach churn as the first of
the ribs touched the side of my flesh.
I groaned as the other man pulled my pants down to my thighs then he held an
incense candle under my nose, the vibrating sensation grew as the plastic thing
was pushed further in to me forcing me to breath deeply.

The stench of the candle made my head feel light but I was still aware of the
plastic being pushed further up me, the ribs were exciting me, the high
vibration at the tip caused me to open my legs as far as the straps would allow,
my back pushed at the pole as my hips were forced to move, rotate and push
forward, my vagina trying to capture this pulsating rod.

The thing pushed up, the ribs, now firmly fitting in side me, moved on my inner
walls, I was shaking with emotion, I knew I was trapped and helpless, at the
mercy of what ever these two men would force my body to do. The light-headed
sensation grew; I was inhaling more of the hypnotic smoke; my whole body ached
for release.

Through blurred eyes I saw the other man with another packet, he was ripping the
cover until he had two of the tiny funnel shaped things I had seen earlier, as
he moved for my bra I knew what they were.
His hands grabbed at the material between the cups and yanked them up freeing my
breasts, he immediately started to squeeze one of my nipples, he grinned
excitedly at the man who was continuing the assault on my crutch, then he
squeezed at the little rubber ball and placed the funnel over my nipple, pushing
hard he let go of the ball, I felt my nipple being pulled out, the feeling was
unbelievable.

The tip of the tormentor that was up inside me touched me at the top of my
virginal passage, the throbbing rips now fully imbedded and the tip vibrating
over my cervix canal where forcing me to a climax, then the second nipple sucker
was fastened in place, I remember shaking myself but the wouldn't come loose,
all that did was excite my nipples more, my climax was about to explode.

 Before the other man had time to undo another package I orgasmed I moaned and
squealed around the rubber ball in my mouth as my body shuddered and I released
a lot of fluid much to the delight of my captures. I don't know how long I shook
and moved my body as the climax subsided but I found myself almost hanging from
the post.

I suddenly opened my eyes, only to peer through the slits to see him open the
other package; he removed a shorter thinner version of what he had just abused
me with.  He handed it to the other man, then another package, a small white
tube, he pulled the ribbed thing from his pocket and started on my crutch again
only this time he rubbed my clitoris with the white tube, the double feeling had
my hips moving almost immediately.

My hips moved out towards him, I couldn't help it, I moaned and I shook my head
but nothing would stop him. The other one released my nipple but only for a
second, he repressed the ball and replaced it over my nipple, the already
swollen, extended nipple was pulled even more; then the same to my other nipple
they felt as though they were being sucked off, arousing my sensitive body even
more.

I tried to look at him, to stop him, my eyes unable to attract him away from
what he was doing between my legs, the other man was dipping the thinner plastic
thing in to a jar, but then he disappeared from view. My tormenter just tickled
around my labia forcing my uncontrollable body to push forward; as I did I felt
a hand on my bottom.

My cheeks were being pulled apart and something was pushing at my rectum, my
body was in such an aroused state that I couldn't stop this new invasion and I
felt the greasy plastic end push pass the muscle at my entrance, another plastic
obscene vibrating thing was now inside me.

Even in my state I knew these sensations were going to bring my to another
enforced climax, I moved my head to look down at the things that were violating
me, the little man was pulling the other mans hand so as he could hold both the
vibrating plastic rods up me, he turned and went to the door.

I hoped, no I prayed he was leaving but no, to my horror when he open the door I
saw a large brown dog, he brought it in; a breed I didn't recognise and he
brought it in front of me.
As I squinted at it through the slits I could see its head was large in
proportion to it heavy thick frame and its tongue hung long and thick from the
side of its mouth, it slavered and dribbled pulling hard at the leash, I was
building for another climaxed and confused, what part of my torture was this,
was he trying to frighten me?

They had me at their mercy, smiling as I squealed and moaned, my hips bucking at
the vibrating objects suddenly, without warning, the one in between my legs was
quickly pulled from me, at the same the little man let go of the dog, its snout
immediately drove between my legs and the huge tongue licked furiously at my
dripping labia.
The tongue was rough, it rasped at my aroused flesh as it moved so fast that my
body flooded my second orgasm in to its huge, lapping mouth, which only served
to excite the animal more, its tongue now pushed up me feeding on the fluid now
running from me, at that point the plastic up my rectum was turned up to an
incredible speed.

I squirmed against the post, I couldn't help it another orgasm was building in
me, the rough tongue was driving me to squeals, grunts and all sorts of sounds
emulated around the rubber gag, my hip strained at the bindings. It was a relief
when I felt the leather belt on my thighs relax and fall away, degusted with
myself as my enter lower half thrust at this animals mouth, its long tongue
drove the next flood of juice out of me, my body shook, as the feeling subsided
I found I was so exhausted my legs were so weak that I just swung against the
post.

It wasn't until I felt myself being shuffled along between the two men that a
realised I'd been released from the pole, I could still see through the slits
and I could hear the dog whining somewhere in the back ground but I was through
the door and in to a room, carpets hung from the walls but I was staring at a
huge double bed, which I was unceremoniously thrown on to.

Like a rag doll I was pulled on to my back, too exhausted to put up any
resistance as the valve in the mouth piece of the gag was loosened and the
rubber ball in my mouth collapsed, I felt it being pulled out. Grateful to
relive the pain, my mouth started to close but I was too late, before I realized
the wide ring they had shown me earlier was inserted and locked just as my teeth
closed around it.

I felt the straps on my arms removed and the belt pulled off. My blouse and bra
pulled from my body, my little court shoes and this hood my only covering. The
suction funnels released from my nipples and I was turned over. My arms held
behind me as they were slid into a long black tapered leather sack, then straps
secured my arms in to it, a strap pulled up and clipped to the ring at the back
of my hood, making it impossible to slide the thing off, my arms and elbows now
fastened tightly together, I heard a voice, "Lady like this, she buy, very cheap
and very effective in keeping her controlled."

The rod between my ankle straps was removed and a longer one fitted, I lay
there, I could just see them as they stood each side of the bed inspecting their
captive, who lay helpless, naked and open before them.
The little man jabbered something and the other left the room, I watched through
the slits as he bent and toyed with my swollen nipples, pulling them out even
further than they were, they were sore yet his touch set pulses of pleasure
through me, the other one returned discarding a box as he knelt beside the
little man, a long chain with two silver clips at each end dropped in to the
little mans hand.

I didn't know what to do, I tried to move as his hand held my breast but the
feeling was to great and I bit down on to the hard rubber ring in my mouth as he
clipped the first one on. The round pad squeezed my entire nipple, holding it,
pinching it; it hurt yet as the second went on and he pulled at the chain, there
was pleasure, what was happing to me.

I felt them pulling me up the bed until my head hung off the end, then I heard
the dog, it was in the room, I caught a glimpse of it as it past my head then I
felt it leap on the bed before I had time to realise the tongue licked across my
vagina, I jumped, my legs now wide open gave the animal full access to me, and I
soon found my body responding to the active licking.

The two men were now standing behind my head; they were removing their trousers.
The little man had a long penis, not very thick; the other man had a fatter
stronger looking one.
They held my head down, they were kneeling I could see their testicles and they
were hanging in my eye line, they were moving towards me.

The second man was holding his penis, he was moving it towards my face; I felt
movement against the mouth piece then I felt it on my tongue, he was pushing his
penis through the ring and in to my mouth, and then he started to push in and
out, he was having intercourse with my mouth, all the time pulling the chain,
tugging my nipples.
It was impossible to move him my body was now heating to a climax, as I got
wetter so the dogs tongue was driving further up me, tasting me.

As the dogs licking became faster so the penis in my mouth pushed further in,
its thrusting become as fast as the dog, I was chocking around the invading meat
but still my hips pushed up to allow the dogs as much of me as he could lick,
until I came to an orgasm, squirming and gyrating on the bed, then the penis in
my mouth spurted hot wet creamy juice in to my throat. 

Before I had time to choke my head was lifted and the dog was pulled away. They
carried on lifting me until I was stood, they half dragged half lifted me under
a beam, I watched as the little man went to the wall slid his hand under a
carpet and I heard a buzzing noise, and something touched my head.

As in continued down it was obviously a hook on a hoist, they clipped it to my
wrist strap and I heard the buzzing start again only this time my arms were
going up with it, it went up until I was bent over, my arms straining towards
the ceiling.
I moaned a pitiful sound around the ring but to no avail, the dog was back at me
again, the other man pushed his semi-erect penis back in through the ring, there
was nothing else I could do but suck on it.

As the dog worked on me again I felt something wet and cold on my rectum
entrance, I thought they were going to insert that awful buzzing thing again but
no, it was flesh, it was the little mans long penis he was going to put it up my
bottom.

My mind whirled as I thought of me, an ex ministers wife, in the back of a
filthy sex shop, tottering in my little court shoes, with my legs held wide open
and my arms fastened towards the ceiling; A dog was licking my vagina forcing it
to another climax, and I was unable to control it. Nether could I stop two Asian
men, one from having intercourse with my rectum, the other masturbating himself
off by using my mouth, while he tugged my sensitive nipples.

I climaxed twice before I felt my bottom fill with his filth, the last to
ejaculate in to me was the one in my mouth, filling it again with his hot juice,
I had to let it run down my throat and in to my stomach as the ring stopped me
from spitting it out.

I was finally freed from my bonds; I hadn't the energy to fight them as they
dressed me, stuck a bag in my hand and pushed me out the door. I stumbled down
the road in my little shoes, it wasn't until I moved for the car that I realised
I had no pants on and the leather things that I went in for were in the bag, a
little note said, Thank you, call again.

I went in to work the following day, Valerie grabbed excitedly at the bag, "Did
you have enough to pay for them," my mind still could not comprehend what had
happened, I just nodded at her and went to my desk.

It was two weeks later when Rod came in to my office with Valerie, they both
looked at me, Valerie said, "We would just like to thank you for opening our
eyes to that shop, we have been twice now and we are really getting it on, and
we have you to thank for it," I smiled at her, hoping they would go away, but
she carried on, "We get allsorts from there now, Rods in to their videos, we
just bought a really good one look."

I looked at the picture of the woman in the hood and the title, THERE NOT FOR ME
THERE FOR A FRIEND,

Rod was fascinated by the picture, "You would have thought they would have used
sexy high heels not old maids shoes, just look at her, great tits, she looks a
stunning fuck, but them shoes, there the sort of thing a boring stay at home, do
nothing vicars wife would wear, in-fact there identical to yours Pauline,"
Valerie looked at me, "Why Pauline, your blushing."

                                                                      Pagan.




Copy-right, Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

           Another story by Pagan.
                                 The Perils of Pauline.

                                        Pauline Swift.
                                       Taken for a ride.

She looked over the flickering candle, "Are you going to make love to me when we
get home?"
Donavon Swift looked at his lovely wife; at 32 she was 10 years his junior but
looked 20. Being a hard-nosed businessman had taken its toll; his gray hair
along with the bags under his eyes did not improve his looks.

On the other hand Pauline was beautiful, and in that dress even more so, well it
really did accentuate her figure. Her firm well shaped legs showed from the
split up to the thigh, the low-scooped neckline forced his eyes to the cleavage.
She smiled as he first couldn't help but look at the creamy round globes of her
breasts then up to her angelic face, that smile framed by her thick wavy auburn
hair.

He coughed before he said, "Yes Darling, that would be nice, as soon as I check
the e-mail regarding the Munro contract," She still smiled but the little sigh
was audible as she thought, (Here we go again, sometimes I wonder why we bother
talking, I could get more attention from him if I put my thoughts on his
computer.)

As she lay in bed she could hear him in the study, treating him with the
contempt she felt for him she snuggled her naked body in to the comfort of the
silk sheets, slowly her mind wondered back to that eventful day when she first
met Craig.

She had been shopping, shopping so much that she had armfuls of packets. She was
maneuvering herself back to her car when two youths approached her, one knocked
her to the ground as the other grabbed at as many parcels as possible.

A handsome man in his mid-twenties suddenly appeared from no-where and with
little effort, floored both youths. He helped her to her feet as they ran off,
their hands nursing their wounds, their mouths hurling enough four-lettered
abuse to last a lifetime.

She had cut her knees when she fell so he suggested that a coffee house was in
order, A to clean her blooded legs and B to have a stiff brandy with her coffee,
just to settle her nerves.

They spent two hours chatting about his life; she thought it such a nice change
to talk about an ordinary job with an uncomplicated life instead of high finance
and company mergers.

Craig helped Pauline back to her car and that was that, until two weeks later.
She was in the same area again and looking in a shop window when a tap on her
shoulder made her turn, "Coffee?" it was Craig and another two hours of
laughter, over three brandies this time, ensued.

Pauline curled in to the silk sheets, knowing Donavon was away tomorrow and
funnily enough knowing she would be shopping in that area of the city, it did
have her tinged with a little excitement.

As Donavon kissed her good-bye she was choosing a rather reveling number. Skirt,
just that little bit more than just above the knee, firm uplifting bra that
would fill out her tight square necked blouse, stockings rather than hose and a
nice pair of three inch white sling backs.

She dabbed her wrists and neck with Channel No 5, flicked her hair back and
shook it so it cascaded over her shoulders, then, giving herself a wicked wink,
she went to her car.

She walked up and down that street three times before the inevitable happened,
this time she said, "Coffee," he smiled as he nodded.

Now which one of them turned the conversation to where Craig lived is anybodies
guess but soon the words, "Well its only twenty minutes up the road, shall we
take a ride," had them both leaving for their respective cars.

Thirty minutes later saw her turning in to the short gravel drive beside a small
converted barn and parking behind the red pick-up.

Craig waited by the door, then closed it as she walked in, "As I said its not
much but its home and you did promise not to be too critical of the mess.
She smiled at him, "Lacks a woman's touch, that's all."

It was a hot day, they decided to have their drinks out the back, the high fence
shielded them from prying eyes and there they talked and laughed and let truths
come out.

It was as he went to get the third drink that she followed him back in. Standing
behind him she whispered, "You haven't shown me round yet, got something to
hide?"
He turned and stared in to the sparkling blue eyes, "No mam, no secrets, do you
want the full price tour or just the economy?"
With out smiling she said, "I want to see it all."

They stood at the doorway to his bedroom, the bed was still crumpled from last
night, she didn't look at him but still whispered, "Needs a woman's touch," then
she entered, turned, looked at him and sat on the bed, "Come here."

Craig slowly walked towards her, there eyes never left each others until he
stood in front of her, her head up, her auburn hair folding down her back as her
blue eyes danced with excitement, "I take it you like older women?" he pushed
his hips forward as he whispered, "Oh yes."

Her hands held his waist then pushed up taking his shirt with them; she took a
deep breath as his firm, hard stomach revealed itself to her gaze. Pauline lent
forward and licked the hard muscles then looked up and smiled at him, he didn't
move, he didn't have too his smile said it all.

Her fingers fumbled with the button on his jeans until it flicked out the hole,
then they dropped to his zip, slowly she slid the zip down. An audible gasp came
from her mouth as she saw the thick head of his long cock poking out above the
waistband of his pants.

She pulled the front of his pants down, releasing his nine inch's. He hand
gripped it, it had been many years since her collage years and younger men
friends and now married to Donavon it had certainly been many years since she
had held a cock that size.

Craig moved back, her hand didn't let go of his meat as he bent, put his hand
under her jaw, lifted her face and kissed her full on the lips, her mouth
immediately open, greedily excepting his tongue.

The kiss was short, Pauline, her heart racing, her whole body shaking with
excitement pulled away, her hand pulled him back to her, continuing until his
rigid cock touched her lips, her lips parted, her tongue flicked out and
caressed the head making sure she tickled the tip of her tongue in to the hole,
he was excited, she could taste his sticky pre-cum.

It had been a long time since she had done this but as she heard him give a low
groan she knew they would both enjoy what was to happen, she had forgotten what
it felt like to anticipate hot rough sex and she was going to have it, the rest
of the world, including Donavon, could go to hell.

She opened her mouth and gently took the head on to her tongue, her lips closed
around the thick end; she could feel the folds of his foreskin, as her tongue
tasted the male sweaty salt.
Craig pushed his hip forward but she held him back allowing only the head in her
mouth but one set of fingers were already under his sack as the others moved to
capture his length.

Slowly she worked on him, exciting him until he again pushed, she again stopped
him, looked up and said, "No more, I don't really like it, but as its you."
Before she could say anymore he bent put his hands under her blouse and pulled
it up and over her head. Quickly he moved and lifted her back on to the bed,
dropping down beside her.

She smiled at him as his head moved toward hers, "I mustn't get my clothes
creased, you don't mind if I take them off, do you?" He watched as she wiggled
her skirt down her stocking clad legs, she looked exquisite in her sexy
lingerie.

He bent over her and kissed, long and hard before he moved down, taking her bra
straps with him until he pushed them past her elbows and the cups released her
breasts. As soon as they were free his mouth covered her nipples, then, as his
tongue tickled the hard pink bud his fingers traced down her stomach, in to the
front of her very small lace panties.

Her back arched and a moan escaped her mouth as her legs slowly opened allowing
his searching fingers to find their goal, that sweet, wet slit, now begging to
be filled.

 Pushing her pants to the side he slid his fingers inside her, "Rip them off,"
came hoarsely from her throat.

His left hand curled in to the flimsy material and ripped, she squealed but not
for long, his finger instantly slid back up the now sopping hole. She dug her
heels in to the bed, her body lifted as he shoved his fingers completely inside
her, the finger tips, moving fast, exciting her already hot body.

His mouth returned to her nipple, he felt her hand grab a handful of his hair
and push his head down, his tongue flicked over the hard aroused bud until the
words, "Fuck me and I want it hard, do you hear me, I want to be fucked hard"
filled his ears.

He grinned as he rolled on top of her, as her legs parted to accommodate his
large cock he said, "Your wish is my command," then he rammed himself in to the
beckoning hole as hard as he could, she squealed again as he began to thrust in
and out of the horny, aroused woman.

He fucked her to an orgasm holding himself just long enough, then he relieved
himself up her before rolling off again and cradling her in his arms, she kissed
his nipple, "That was good, you're a big boy and I think I want you again,"
He laughed, "Oh not that big, I have two mates with thick tent poles but I
shouldn't tell you that."

Her fingers wrapped around his stirring cock, "Oh no, you will do just fine for
me, but just to make sure lets find out, again.

Craig fucked her twice more that afternoon, hard rough fucking but only what she
wanted. As she got in to her car, she smiled at him, "Coffee next week," he
smiled back, "One lump or two?"

The following week was just the same, Craig was on top, driving his rigid cock
in to the beautiful woman and she loved it.
She told him that he must wait for more adventurous sex; after all, being with
Donavon was not exactly the most interesting of lover.

Pauline and Craig met three more times, fucking each other to new heights of
rapture. Pauline couldn't wait to have him, every waking moment he was in her
thoughts. It was her forth time at the house that he said something, something
that had Pauline's mind scheming like never before.

After they had fucked for the third time that afternoon, Craig said, "I want
you, I want you forever, if only I had the money you would be mine, there is
know doubt in my mind, nothing would keep us apart.

That night in bed Pauline planned a new life, it was so simple, no-one knew of
Craig or their liaison, he could kidnap her, demand a ransom, 100,000 should be
enough to start a new life in South America besides Donavon could afford it, it
wouldn't be the first time he had been taken for a ride, so why not?

The following week she explained her plan, he had his reservations but all week
she had worked out the finer details, she was proud of herself, it was water
tight, no-one would find her and they would be away, scot free for a new life
together, finally but reluctantly he agreed.

First he had to involve his two mates, all they had to do was grab her
some-where public, make it look real, then when they were away they could take
her to a pre-arranged place, where she could hide until a rather elaborate plan
to get the money had been accomplished.

Craig would join her, they would pay the two mates a couple of thousand each and
that would be that. They had a meeting where all was agreed, Pauline was so
excited, in-fact Craig had to calm her down as she blurted out their secret
plans, anyway the day came.

They had decided to use a supermarket car park. Craig was there to fulfill his
alibi, he watched as she was grabbed, bundled in to a car. She played her part
to perfection, screaming beautifully as they drove her away, on lookers by the
score, the police interviewed all of them in fact Craig was one of them.

He sat in the interview room, Donavon was there, Craig was surprised, he wasn't
at all as Pauline had described him, a charming, caring man, his whole attitude
was wonderful, just calming and charming the worried people, Craig felt sorry
for him.

As Craig sat outside, passing time while the detectives decided whether to call
him again he got chatting to Donavon, he was amazed at how much they had in
common considering one was a millionaire and the other just a postal worker,
especially when he confided in Craig that he would pay any ransom just to make
sure his wife was safe.

Craig went home, his mind confused; he would have to talk to Pauline at the
ranch tonight.

He drove the twenty minute journey to home, picked up some things for Pauline
and drove out in to the hills, the old ranch was about an hours drive and it was
getting dark by the time he pulled up the sheltered track, he could see the
ranch, a little panic hit him as he thought it funny there was no light.

He entered; the light of his torch showed he was right to panic; no one was
there.

Pauline looked round at the sparse furniture, the wooden bed, two chairs, the
table with the portable television on it, a bag of food and some drink, not
exactly home from home.

Pauline eyes fell up on the two men who had driven her up the hill to the cabin,
she was nervous of them and couldn't wait to see Craig. They had said very
little to her, she had put it down to nerves. It was when they suggested that it
might look better if she was tied and looked helpless, that a strange sick
feeling came to her stomach.

She told them it would not be necessary but they said it would be a
precautionary measure until Craig got there, they made her believe there was too
much at stake, it would be foolish to find she was part of it, didn't she
realize it would be stupid to blow it now, reluctantly she agreed.

As they went to the bag, she thought it strange that they had already brought
rope, tape and straps but she still stood and put her arms out, "Best behind
your back," said one.

Pauline put her hands behind her and soon felt the bite of the rope around her
wrists; simultaneously rope encircled her feet forcing her ankles tight
together.
Before she had finished the word, "Ouch," a large foam ball was rammed in to her
mouth and the first of three pieces of tape slapped over her lips.

The men, accompanied by her mmmmm sounds, finished securing Pauline then stood
back to admire the helpless captive.

Their evil grins, which made Pauline shiver where nothing to what she was about
to hear.
One looked at the other, "Good looking piece of cunt, no wonder Craig enjoyed
poking it, I can see why he wanted to spend some time with her naked."

The other said, "Well I'm glad we are about too, you tie her tight?"
Still grinning his mate said, "Oh yes, should look good if and when they find
her, raw red rope marks on her wrists and ankles, testimony to how she couldn't
stop getting her cunt and ass full of cum.
Then there will be the red burn marks of her tortured well chewed tits that
forced her to swallow more cum, oh we are in for a fun filled few days."

Sounds of sheer panic mumbled from Pauline's mouth, you could tell the word
Craig a few times but her reply was only adding to her disparate position,
"Craig, did I hear you say Craig, oh no he doesn't know where we are, no, you
see when we over heard you two whisper the words a 100,000 we thought, why
should we settle for a couple of thousand when we could have it all, you and
lover boy were going to take us for a ride so we decided to take you for a
different ride.

The other one laughed, "We also intend to change the ransom pick up point but to
do that we need a little souvenir, just to increase your husbands awareness of
your situation, namely, your panties." 

As one man moved behind Pauline the other took a knife from his pocket, she
stared at him as he pulled it open; quickly she looked down only to see her
skirt slowly rising up her legs.
A quiet, "Nice," came from the man with the knife as her skirt exposed her
stocking tops. He moved forward as her panties came in to view.

He put on a glove then slid his finger in to the front of the black pants;
Pauline felt the back of his gloved finger rub the hairs on her cunt as he
pulled the material forward and cut through it.

Then the sides before he pulled hard up and back. The material slipped between
her arse cheeks and cunt lips before pulling painfully through and out, she
moaned at the pain but all they did was pass them to each other, smell them,
whisper something to each other then, then getting another pair of gloves and
tweezers picked up an envelope and dropped them in.

One of them got a coat, "I'll be back in a couple of hours, need I say more,"
and, after dropping the envelope in to another plastic bag then putting it in
his jacket, he left.
The car drove quickly across the side of the hill before disappearing out of
sight; the one remaining man sat smiling at her, "Have we left you feeling a
draught?"

She moaned pitifully at him but he never moved just continued, "Come on be
honest with me, I reckon you can feel a draught, they say the best way to stop a
draught is to bung up the hole, reckon their right, don't you?"

Unable to speak or move she looked at the evil smirk as it grew across his face.
To escape his perverted leer she looked down, as she did her eyes caught sight
of a huge bulge in his trousers and the words thick tent pole screamed in to her
mind. 

He put his hand between his legs grabbed the chair seat and dragged himself up
to her. He sat inch's from her, looking up he could see the frightened helpless
women looking back down at him, from where he sat her magnificent tits masked a
lot of her pretty face.

He could still see her eyes wet with tears as she stood, unable to move from
between his legs. He slid his hands just below her knees and felt the stocking
clad firm calves.
He never stopped looking at her, his eyes glistened with lust as he said, "I can
see your eyes are wet," his hands slowly started to travel up the back of her
knees, slipping under her skirt, "Anything else?"

He felt her whole body shake as his fingers touched the flesh above the
stockings, he looked up to her pitiful face, her head was shaking and small
mmmmm sounds came from behind the silver tape.
"You should be enjoying the tender why I'm having some fun, I don't think you
will be enjoying things later when my friend gets back. You, strung up to that
beam or tied over that table and we will be taking pictures of the hell your
going through, naked and helpless, all so rich boy can part with the cash to
save you just that little bit quicker."

Craig was frantic with worry, no reports from the media but he did know where
Donovan had his office, he stared at the phone, one call; just one anonymous
call.

His heart almost stopped when he heard Donovan's voice, the urgency, the panic,
Craig had all on to hold the phone as he blurted out, "Its about Pauline, I need
to tell you something, I don't want any harm to come to her, I want to meet you,
alone, I have no control on what may happen to her so don't involve the police,
if it will make you see sense," he took a deep breath, "I'm her lover."

Donavon didn't act the way Craig expected, not even a brief silence he just
agreed to a place and time.

Three hours later, Craig watched Donavon arrive in the small clearing, he had a
good view around and he knew that Donavon was alone, all he hoped was he wasn't
bugged, and they could sort this mess out between them.

As Craig approached Donavon got out the car, Craig motioned him to unbutton his
shirt and show his pockets. After about five minutes of checking Craig spoke,
"Shall we take a walk?"

Donavon followed in the direction of Craig's nod as the story unfolded.

Pauline, the hem of her skirt tucked in to its own waistband pitifully moaned,
the man between her legs tickling her cunt with his tongued moaned as well but
his was with pleasure as his hand pulled her arse cheeks open so a finger could
find the pink puckered hole, he pulled back and looked up, "You enjoying it too?
Don't go away I won't be long."

He rose and went to the T V switched it on, "Just want to see if your on the
news."
Five minutes later he was back between her legs, "Not even a mention, your old
man seems to have taken our warning seriously, your pants should convince him we
mean what we say, now were was I?" 
As his hands circled her firm round arse his head went back to her cunt and the
mmmmm sounds filled the room again.

Donavon listened intently to the story of his wife's adultery, much to Craig's
amazement he was even kind and understanding and when Craig broke down and cried
after he had explained how it had all gone wrong, Donavon comforted him, holding
him to his shoulder.

While he held Craig he told him he had not involved the police, he had decided
against it after the first threatening demand and he was waiting for another.
They had warned him he wouldn't like what was in the parcel so he had better
start getting the money ready as other letters would follow, they had finished
by saying, until they were good and ready to let her go so if I knew what was
best for her, keep the police out of it.

Craig found comfort in the way Donavon was conducting himself, he was a solid
man the type Craig could look up to, a very caring man, in-fact he couldn't
understand why Pauline would want to hurt or deceive him.

The man grinned up at Pauline, his fingers now playing with the folds of her
cunt lips, "I hear a wagon coming this way, he's back, so now the fun can
begin," he ran his finger under his nose, "And what fun we are going to have
with you."
 
The man entered the room; Pauline's tormentor had left her standing, facing the
door; her skirt still pushed in to the waistband, her cunt on full display. He
clapped his hands together, just once but deafeningly as he threw his head back,
"That's how I like my women to greet me when I get home."

He walked over to Pauline his arm encircled her as he buried his face in to her
neck, "God you smell good, just think, your old man gets your pants and we get
what goes in them."
She shook her head, little squealing noises from behind the tape as he mockingly
pushed his tongue out at her and wiggled it, the other one came up to them,
"Ain't life great, we get to fuck any bit of her we like and then we get paid."

Both of them stood back and pulled their shirts off, then, bare chested they
picked Pauline up and carried her to the bed. They didn't throw her on, they
just sat her down she looked at them confused, her jaw was grabbed, "We'll untie
your legs and flatten you on the bed for a good fucking later but you can't suck
cock laying down, well, not what we got."

Pauline sat mesmerized by them and fear. She watched as they both unzipped their
jeans, first one then the other let the material drop to the floor. Both of them
pushed the front of their pants down, a loud groan came from behind the sealed
mouth as Pauline's eyes widened to take in the size of the two huge, fat, long
cocks now waving inch's from her face.

The bigger of the two men pinched at the tape over Pauline's mouth, "I'm gona
rip this off and you can spit out the ball, then your gona suck these cocks real
slow and with feeling and spiting the ball out is the only spiting out your gona
be doin."

He started to peel the tape off, "Now you just think about this, your miles from
anywhere and your tied real tight and will stay that way even when you're naked.
There will come a time when you'll be strung up, right way up or wrong way,
you'll be over that table with that pretty ass up and we can whip you raw, and
that includes cunt, tits, whatever, so the nicer you fuck the more we'll fuck
you, understand."

Pauline was on the edge of hysteria as she waited for another piece of tape to
be pulled off before she nodded, "Good, now lets get this straight, you are ours
till your old man delivers and believe me we get bored easily, so you know what
this pretty little mouth of yours has got to do."

As the last piece of tape peeled from her face Pauline spat the ball out,
coughed, moistened her lips then, reluctantly she opened her mouth.

She went to tickle the end, just like she had with Craig but he had other ideas.
Grabbing her hair with both hands he rammed his oversized cock straight to the
back of her throat, Pauline gagged and reached as he held her tight to him, "Get
it down that throat, come on you stupid bitch, I want it all in."

Pauline's thoughts of biting the monster stuck in her mouth were immediately
removed as the second grabbed more hair and dragged her further forward saying,
"Go on bitch, bite it, I'd love to see him real mad, your ass wouldn't be worth
a light but it would be red," then he finished by saying, "If there was any
flesh left."

Her mouth wide open only just accommodated the huge cock, chocking and gagging
she tried hard to fit it in to her throat. She could feel it edging down,
cutting off her airways, panicking that he wouldn't stop until she heard, "Just
a bit more then you can talk a shot, one of many for her old man to ponder
over."

As if concentrating on staying alive with the huge thing now well embedded in to
her throat was not enough for Pauline she was forced to look sideways at the
camera, the flash blinded her but worst of all it was the signal for him to
really start fucking her face and all Pauline could do was sit there as he
pulled it out then shoved it hard back down her throat, all to the laughter of
the other one, who, she knew would be using her mouth next.

Pauline was revolted by the cock in her mouth, what she was being forced to do
to these total strangers, just when she thought it couldn't get worse the taste
of his pre-cum coated her throat and she knew the slick salty muck was only
going to get worse and in the pit of her stomach she knew she was going to have
to swallow all his filth.

She tried to prepare herself as his grunts got louder and the thrust now total
closed her throat, she took a quick breath through her nose when suddenly the
veins in the monster cock filled, the enraged head grew as he spude hot sticky
juice in to her throat.

Pauline's stomach muscles worked hard to except the juice, she chocked, it even
filled her nose, she tried hard not to be sick, that was helped by the fact he
didn't take his cock out all the way out, threatening her that if she didn't
hold the head with her lips while he seeded her she'd be sorry.

Finally he pulled it out but immediately grabbed her hair and pulled it back,
drops of his cum dribbled from her lips and nose; he forced her mouth open,
bubbles of his white sticky muck stuck around her tongue. He pointed her head at
the camera and another shot of her defenseless abuse was captured.

Pauline's mouth was full of the foul taste but she didn't have time to think,
the second cock was now slapping at the side of her face, "Come on bitch, my
turn to feel the inside of that cute mouth, plenty of tongue and a lot of deep
throat sucking, come on babe, I feel lucky, make my day."

Once again the exhausted Pauline was sucking cock, not as thick but just as long
and just as viscous, driving in to her sore throat, her hair being dragged
forward and back. She was trying to bend forward and hold her head back making
it easier to fit the thrusting length down her throat.

A squeal came from around the cock as her eyes caught sight of the first rapist
reaching in to a bag and pulling out two whips, thick leather bound handles,
each handle had many thin lengths of leather hanging from them.

He heard her squeal, he turned, still grinning at her he said, "Got to make it
look real," as she felt the first drops of juice in her throat she heard, "With
legs like you got, I bet you dance real nice."
At that moment his cum gushed in to her throat, gagging she again let it slid in
to her stomach, her head being forced back and forth as the last drops squeezed
in to her.

She was roughly shoved back on the bed. Laying there, little sobs spat out
sticky cum from her lips, each cough brought pain to her sore throat, her face
bruised and battered from the fucking her mouth had just suffered.
The first rapist walked over to the bed, in his hand hung one of the whips, his
free hand gripped her skirt, "Thin and expensive, I wonder if these designer
clothes can stand up to a little beating?"

To roars of laughter the two men grabbed at Pauline, she was turned, her hands
untied then retied in-front before she found herself being dragged, her legs
still bound, her expensive shoes scuffing the wooden floor until the three
reached the center of the room, they were under a huge ceiling hook.

Pleading, begging and crying had no effect on them, in-fact they enjoyed the
pitiful cries of their helpless captive as they threw a rope over the hook.
Pauline struggled but all in vain, they were far to strong as they tied the end
around her wrist rope and hauled her up, stretching her to her full height.

Her head peered from between her raised arms, one man grabbed her hair, "Now
what do I do? Do I gag you and enjoy the little muffled noise's from your cock
fucked mouth, or do I let you scream yourself horse, maybe that," he shook her,
"I can always gag that well fucked mouth of yours if you get on our nerves, lets
see."

Standing ether side of Pauline the men began to maul her, feeling her, even
through her clothes they hurt, pinching at her nipples or prodding between her
legs. Pauline remembered the tender way Craig had caressed her body, like a
lover should but she knew these men intended to hurt her and these animals would
get great pleasure from doing it.

One of them stood behind her, his great hands came around and closed over her
breasts, his fingers found her large nipples, they were easy to feel through the
thin bra. As he pressed from behind she felt his cock getting hard again, the
huge thing dug in to her arse as he whispered, "You feel good, there is pleasure
in guessing what you will look like naked, what is it, expectation is better
than gratification, I wonder."

The other one was getting impatient, "Come on stop fucking about lets whip the
fucking clothes off her and have some gratification, I want some real fucking,"
he moved in front of Pauline, "First you dance with the whip then on the end of
this," he gripped his cock and pointed the huge purple end at her.

As he moved behind to join the other, Pauline started to beg, "Please no, you
don't have to do this, you said if I fuck good you'd just fuck me, then fuck me,
I will do anything you ask, I will suck your cocks better, I promise and
yooooaaahh."

The first strike ripped across her back, the chiffon blouse ripped in seven
lines before sshhwwatt another strike ripped seven lines the other way. The back
of the blouse hung in taters, Pauline heard, "Blouse ain't to strong, wonder how
long the skirt will last?"

Sshhwwatt, her arse burned, her screams were now pitiful as they kept up a
relentless pace. Bits of black material flew through the air as the skirt began
to dissolve under the onslaught of the whips.
They stopped, her head hung, a mumbled, "Please no more I beg you no more," came
from her lips but all she heard was, "You want to change ends."

"Ya I'll take the front," as he walked round he grinned at Pauline, " Lets untie
her legs, I want to see her dance with the whip and then she can dance on this,"
he gripped his cock and pointed the fat bulbous end at her, "I can't wait to
sink this deep between your sexy legs and watch your cunt bounce around it."

As he stepped back she felt her legs undone then before she could move his hand
flicked out as he lashed the strips at her. Her skirt ripped, she screamed and
immediately drew her leg up and across herself, which only left her other leg
open.
From behind the other whip struck her high on the soft flesh of her inner thigh,
she let out a loud moan.

Another ten times the whips struck home. Pauline hung there, little bits of
skirt hung from her waist, the blouse completely gone, the black of her bra
stood out from the criss cross of red and white stripes that covered her
delicate skin.

Through the haze of pain she heard, "Just cut the bra off, don't want to damage
them big juicy tits until I've chewed on them or even better, fucked off between
them."
The cold steel of the knife cut through the thin straps and the black lace
dropped to the floor, "Oh yes that's a fair pair of nipples, lets remind hubby
just how juicy his wife is, time for another picture, then the next picture he
gets will be after we've had a few hours fun fucking his pretty little wife."

Pauline sobbed uncontrollably as they took the picture.
One man grinned at her as the other put the picture to dry, "Say, why don't we
leave here hung up, with her hands up there she ain't gona stop us from fucking
her ass or cunt, she can just hang there while we have the fun of fucking her?"

The other one said, "No I want her to fuck us, little rich bitch can use her
holes to give us pleasure, lets be honest with all her airs and graces she just
a set of holes to fuck."
Then as they untied the rope from her wrists she heard, "Come on Pauline you
know you like sex and you won't stop us fucking you, will you? Because if you
don't give me the best fuck I've ever had, you're going back up here, and I get
really nasty when I'm frustrated."

Unable to stand she slumped in to their arms, they showed no mercy, first they
mauled her naked body then they dragged her back to the bed, their laughter
mixed with the sound of her smart high heeled shoes scrapping across the wooden
floor.
They threw her on to the bed, her shoes stayed on, held by the ankle strap, her
stockings ripped at the lace top. After they ripped off the last of the skirt
those stocking were the only clothing left on the whipped gorgeous body.

She lay on the bed, her body stung everywhere. Through tear filled eyes she
watched the bag drop on to the bed beside her, she groaned a pathetic, "Noooo,"
as a hand pulled out more rope.

Hands grabbed at her as the words, "Oh yes, as promised, tied up, naked and ours
to play with," filled her with fear.

In too much pain to even think of defending herself they easily had her arms
behind her, they were tightly crossed. Her hands dragged as far to the side and
over her hips as possible. Pauline squealed, as they pulled harder, then tied
each length of her hand ropes three times around her body, pulling even harder
as they tied them off, squeezing her stomach.
Separate rope tied her elbows, painfully crossed, her hair was yanked back, now
helpless to stop them as he said, "Now try and cover that nice available cute
little ass," then a stinging slap proved how open her butt was to what ever they
intended to do to it, "Right cunt, you ready to use your holes to fuck us?"

She struggled to stand, her fingers tingled with the poor circulation, "Please
its to tight," he stood beside her and pinched her left nipple, "Ya and I hope
your cunt is the same."

The other one laid on the bed his cock stood long and straight, Craig had
certainly been right about a thick tent pole. The one holding Pauline's nipple
pulled he back on to the bed, "Come on you hot rich cunt sit on his dick and
fuck him and you better make sure you cum."

Within a minute Pauline was impaled on the huge length of male meat. Pushing her
knees on to the bed as she pumped up and down, grunting as the enormous head
thumped in to cervix bone, never in her life had Pauline felt anything this size
inside her and it hurt, she needed to get wet, anything to stop the pain.

As she grunted and groaned on the massive cock she slowly lubricated the inner
walls, she knew she couldn't stop, she was filled with the fear of not achieving
her own climax, the thought of what these two would do to her next drove her on.

The one under her grinned in her face, enjoying the helpless position she had
put herself in. His hands mauled her bouncing breasts as he continuously
attacked her swollen nipples.

He pulled them hard, pulling Pauline forward with them, the other man stroked
her arse cheeks, "Showing some tempting ass there rich bitch, bet you ain't
taken a ride on one this big up there?'
The other man smiled as he saw the look of terror in her pretty face, looking
past her he said, "By the look on her face, I don't think anything's been up
there, reckon you got a virgin ass hole to plug."

Much as Pauline wriggled the only thing she did was excite the two men, the
sight of her trying to escape the massive cock she had been forced to sit on
before the other one reached its goal and filled her arse was driving her
tormenters on.
Fingers rolled and pinched her nipples until she squealed with pain which was
quickly followed by slaps on her sore ass cheeks as the other rapist climbed up
behind her, Pauline stopped, a moan filled the room as she felt the fat head of
the bigger cock prod her as it searched for her anal entrance. 

Inch by inch the huge cock started to disappeared in to the tight hole,
Pauline's cries became little gurgled noises of pain, the more it pushed in the
faster the other cock fucked her.
Suddenly the cock up her arse thrust forward, Pauline screamed as its full
length ripped up her, her entire body shot forward but the guy under her was
waiting and gripped her tits hard holding her in position, then Pauline felt it
slide back.

The cock in her cunt shunted all the way up; then back; as it came back the one
up her arse invaded her deeply again and so it went on, like two long hard
pistons, hammering the beautiful woman in to submission.

She was now panting as the exertion of being fucked in both holes took its toll.
Her head rolled on the mans shoulder until her hair was yanked back, "Come on
bitch lets have you fucking like its going out of fashion and don't forget
you'll be in the shit, big time, if we don't feel you cum as well."

Pauline knew they meant it, the fear of more pain cleared her mind and she knew
she had to climax, she knew she had to make herself enjoy this horrendous rape.

She moved her body, trying to get some comfort from the way the two huge cocks
battered in to her. She followed their rhythm as they pummeled in and out
continuously, the lust filled grunts of her tormentors interspersed by slaps on
her arse or twisting of her nipples but her body was lubricating and she hoped
more than thought that she felt some sort of sensation.

The cock up her arse spasmed, she heard him, "She's so fucking tight, I can't
hold back," then the hot juice filled her.
The long fat cock slowly slid out of her leaving her to straighten up, this
allowed her more control and she wiggled herself, then in a flash of inspiration
she thought of the amount of nights she had faked orgasm with Donavon and went
in to the best act she could, forcing the other one to cum at the same time she
pretended too.

He pushed her off and got up. The first one had already got the camera; he just
opened her legs to show the wet sticky cum now leaking from her arse and cunt.
Pauline was exhausted but she still saw the flash and heard, "There you go rich
husband, nice picture of your wife's well fucked holes."

More for their own pleasure than Pauline's escape the dragged her ankles up and
fastened them to her wrists, they both admitted the sight of this beautiful
woman naked and hog tied was a sure way of getting turned on again.
She watched as one of them dressed, the Polaroid pictures were put in to an
envelope, the same careful way her pants had and he was gone.

Pauline's body was so sore that the couple of hours that she was alone with the
one man became just a haze. He turned her over; being hog tied her whole torso
bowed upwards allowing him to play with her exposed cunt and he couldn't get
enough of her tits as they jutted up, her nipples like rose colored islands on
the top of the large white mounds.

The television was switched on, still no mention of her, she felt alone and
desperate. Her mind blocked out the cruel fingers that played with her cunt or
the sucking, biting mouth that abused her breasts and mouth until the sound of
the truck brought her back to reality.

Her tormentor left her as the man returned, she didn't know what to think when
she heard him say, "This time tomorrow we will be rich and rid of the bitch, I
see you have been having a little fun with our play thing."
He walked over to her, "You look uncomfortable, do you think we should put you
in another position?"

Pauline just stared at him as he carried on, "How about over that table, with a
cock in your mouth and one up your ass, just like a piggy on a spit roast and if
we aren't happy with the way you suck cock, and I mean all the way or even
better the way you wiggle that ass, you must be giving us maximum enjoyment
while we fuck it, or the alternative is your ass will make a perfect target," he
turned to the other one, "Heads or tails."

The one who had spent the last couple of hours playing with her wanted to fuck
her arse, Pauline groaned at the thought of the bigger cock ramming in and out
of her mouth, but as her legs were released and she was dragged, still
uncomfortable bound, to the table she knew it was pointless to argue.

Tied over it, her legs wide to each leg, her head hanging off the other side,
the one who had been out stripped and walked towards her, he had both hands
around his cock and the head still stood proud as he aimed it at her mouth.
The one behind said, "Don't stick it in her mouth yet, she might bite it when I
ram my length up her ass," the other laughed, "So much as a tooth mark and I'll
flay the skin of her ass, her choice, come on bitch open your mouth wide."

The one behind fucked her a dozen times up the ass and then a dozen up her cunt,
enjoying the forced heavy grunting coming from round the huge cock stuck down
the helpless woman's throat.

Pauline sucked and struggled to get as much of the length down her throat, all
the time remembering to wiggle her arse, she had to make sure they enjoyed her,
much as the double ended fucking was hurting she knew it was nothing to the pain
they could inflict on her arse with the whips.

She made them both cum, filling her arse and mouth with their hot sticky juice,
she waited for her next torment but fortunately they seemed to be tired, nobody
had rested since the start and the exertion took its toll.
Her arms were still tied, she couldn't move them, so the tied her legs and threw
her on the bed. They brought sleeping bags from the truck and all feel in to an
exhausted sleep.

Pauline was raped twice during the night, the first time just one of them fucked
her but the second time both of them used her holes.

The morning was frantic. The men sorted personal things in to the truck, then
one went while the other set to and cleaned things they'd used.
Mid way through he forced Pauline to give him a proper blowjob, he just stood
there while she knelt in front of him and did all the work, bouncing her head up
and down the long length.

Using her tongue she tickled the fat head hoping she had excited him enough. As
she swallowed all his juice she hoped she had done it right and he wouldn't hurt
her but other things where on his mind.

She gave thanks; all she wanted to do was live long enough to get out of there
and enjoy all the rich trappings that Donavon could offer.

At around two the first one returned, Pauline recognized the hold all, Donavon's
and it was full of money.
 They checked it, made sure everything was safe and hid it on the truck. They
gagged Pauline and were just trying to decide whether they had time to give
their naked, gagged, gorgeous captive another good hard fucking when the door
burst open.

Four hill-billies stood in the doorway, rifles pointing at them. One, obviously
the oldest spoke, "Now before I go and blow your fucking head off what is you
doin in our cabin?"

The three younger one's eyed the naked bound Pauline as the two men went over to
the other side of the room with the older man.

After a while the three rejoined the others, one man went to the truck and
brought back some bundles of bank notes. As he did the other rapist saw a
newspaper in the hill-billies grocery box, it was wrapped round some nails, he
pulled it out and went in to fits of laughter.

The first rapist looked at him as his mate held up the newspaper, he turned to
Pauline, "Get this, Leading industrialist Donavon Swift has come out of the
closet and admitted he's gay, he is pictured here with his new partner Mr. Craig
Andrews before leaving for a six month cruse on his boat, The Rider, he is
quoted as saying he needs the break to start a new life and to get over the lose
of his wife."

The other one looked quizzically at him, "Lose of his wife?"
He carried on reading, "Ya it says here the police now believe the disappearance
of Pauline Swift is now a run away, new evidence or something."

The other man went in to fits of laughter as Pauline struggled to get off the
bed, the first one stepped forward and pushed her back down, "Well that's solved
that, we got what we wanted, rich hubby got what he wanted and these fine
gentlemen get a new housekeeper, oh and did I mention, they also get something
nice to do what ever they want to, all day, everyday, now ain't life great."

As he turned for the door Pauline screamed at him from behind the gag, he turned
and looked at her, "Oh come on rich bitch look on the bright side, it's better
to be ridden than being taken for a ride."

As they got in to the truck all they could hear were the squeals from Pauline
and the yells of excitement from four permanently horny, sex-starved
hill-billies.

                                                                 Pagan.



Copy right,  kayce69@fsworld.co.uk   
 Another story by Pagan.   
   The Perils of Pauline Carpenter.   
&nbsp;    
   You Promise   
&nbsp;    
"Don't get in the way, you hear me, I'm telling you," the skinny
      tall man picked up his coat as the nice but plain looking woman fussed
      round trying to help him, "Get off woman, now you understand?"   
The woman smiled nervously, "Yes, yes I understand," her fingers
      went to her lip nervously touching her mouth, mean while he buttoned up
      his coat, "I don't want to hear that you have been talking or distracting
      them in any way, they are doing me a favour,"   
The two workmen busied themselves unpacking the materials
        as the woman put rubber gloves on and ran water in to the sink, she muttered
      to herself, "Honestly I do understand."   
The two men tried not to look as he stood beside his wife, "You
      better understand and I better not hear anything or you'll get another
      taste of Saturday night only this time I'll mean it," one of the men couldn't
      help but notice how the woman whinst when her husband squeezed her arm.   
He looked at the workman, "Bob, Terry, thanks again, I'll
      see you in the pub around 8 tonight, settle up then, O K?"   
Bob nodded, "O K, no problem," he turned and gripped the door handle
      but before he turned the handle he looked back at them, "And take no nonsense
      from her, she will chatter all day if you let her but that's nothing that
      giving her a good clip, I can't put right."   
Grinning at the two men he left. She busied herself washing
        the breakfast dishes as the two men moved their kit in to the front room.
        As Terry put the piping down he looked at Bob, "You know she ain't a
        bad looking woman, wonder what got her stuck with a nasty shit like Charlie
      Carpenter?"   
Bob was busy with a tape measure, "Some woman like to be
      dominated, and I'll tell you this I wouldn't mind clipping her one."    
Terry put his hand up the chimney, "Oh yes, nice body,
        good tits, shapely ass, take those glasses off and she would scrub up
      nicely, shit that's not, it fucking is."   
Bob looked at him, "What the fuck are you on about?" Terry pulled
      his arm out pulling a large ball of wadding with it, he did the same again
      and pulled out more, "You know that borrowed flue that pratt's paying us
      to fit, well there is one up there all ready, the fucking thing was stuffed
      up by this."   
Bob grinned, "Oh dear, so if we hide our pipe then we can
      do nothing all day and that cunt can pay us."    
Terry smiled, "Why not?"   
Just as they started to hide their pipe the woman came
        in, she caught the pipe sending it clattering to the floor, Bob panicked, "What
      the fuck are you doing?"   
Her head dropped, her hands went to her mouth again as
        she blubbered, "Oh
      I'm so sorry please forgive me, please don't say anything, promise me you
      won't say anything, I'll make us a cup of tea, oh I'm so sorry," she all
      most bowed as she backed out of the room.   
Bob watched her go, as she shut the door, his head slowly
        turned to Terry, "She's scared shitless, we could do anything if we put
      a mind to it."   
Terry looked up at him, "And as it's going to be a long
      boring day, would help pass the time."   
Bob smiled, "I'll keep her busy you lose the pipe in the
      back of the van."   
Bob waited close to the door; he heard the handle turn and made
      his move. As she pushed through the door he bent down, she never saw it
      coming as she tripped over him; the tea cascaded all over his back.   
The howling and pain was worthy of an academy award, the
        woman almost passed out with shock, the word sorry kept repeating out
        of her mouth, Bob carried on, "Jesus your old man warned us about you,
      you wait till we see him."    
The woman was shaking, "No, no please I'll clean it up, are you
      burnt, is there anything I could do?" those last five words were just what
      Bob wanted to hear, "Yes there fucking well is, where's your bathroom?"   
Still playing the indignant fury Bob marched past her and up the
      stairs; she hurried behind still being apologetic. Bobs eyes caught sight
      of the bedroom to his left as he followed her directions to the bathroom.   
Once in there he pulled off his shirt and slung it on the floor,
      then he did the same with his trousers making no move to close the door,
      she stood out side.   
Bob bellowed, "You, what's your name," a little muted, "Pauline," came
      from the outside, Bob was loving this, "Get in here and take these clothes
      and wash them, you can't expect me to work in them can you?" he heard nothing, "I
      said can you?"   
She stepped around and in to the bathroom, her hands again
        in that characteristic position at her mouth a sure sign of domestic
        servitude, "No,
      no, I'm sorry, I'll do them right away."   
As she bent and picked the buddle up she pulled them to her, forcing
      her breast's up, Bob stared as the two creamy globes rose to the top of
      her dress, he could have dived his mouth in to the cleavage there and then
      but she turned and hurried down the stairs.   
A quick wash and the sticky tea remains were gone. Bob, in just
      his boxers looked out the bathroom door, down the stairs and saw what he
      wanted to see, nothing, so he moved in to the bedroom.   
He looked around the smart room, the big double bed seemed to take
      over everything; the posts at each corner and the bar that joined them
      top and bottom made it look massive, he struggled past the bottom of the
      bed making for the tall set of draws beside the small dressing table.   
He stood silent for a moment, still no sound from downstairs so
      he opened the first draw, nothing of interest, blouse's, jumpers etc, then
      he moved down, tights, slips all boring, he moved down again.   
As he pulled the next draw open he giggled, "Oh yes, you dirty
      little bitch," he pulled out a peek a boo bra, sexy panties, suspender
      belts, and nylons, he pushed around and found more, the draw was full of
      the sexiest underwear he had only ever seen in Penthouse.   
He heard some movement on the stairs, he quickly opened
        the bottom draw, he stared at boxes, pictures of sex toys plastered on
        them, he was imagining what was in the box's when Pauline called out, "Bob,
      Bob where are you."    
Bob was about to move when he heard Terry, "You lost him
      love, he must be some-where what do you want him for?"   
Bob heard her stammer, "I, I have his shirt."   
He shouted so both could hear, "In here,"   
A second later Terry pushed her through the bedroom door, "Here
      he is," he smiled at him, "What you got there mate, change of clothes?"   
Pauline looked in the same direction, "Oh no, please no,
you mustn't."   
Bob stood up, naked but for his boxers and that left nothing to
      the imagination of the other two that he was getting a hard on, he dangled
      a suspender, panty set off his fingers.   
Pauline dropped the shirt and tried to get around the bed
      but Terry was in the way, "Please, stop no, put them away."    
Bob laughed at the panic in her face, "No, this is fun,
      are you wearing something like this now?"   
Terry was deliberately getting in her way as she shouted
        at him, "No,
      no of course not, I only have to wear them for my husband, please put them
      away."    
Bob's left hand sneaked back in the draw and pulled out
        the peek a boo bra, "What do you think Terry, be a interesting chat with
        Charlie, what do you think he will say, me in my boxers and his Mrs showing
      us these skimpy undies, must tell him how we liked the pink bows"   
Pauline stood still, her face a picture of panic, "No,
      no you wouldn't, you couldn't."   
Terry winked at Bob, "Well we might not tell him if we saw you
      in them," she looked open mouthed at him, "Oh come on just a little fashion
      show for us no harm it that, after all its your fault we are in this mess
      and it wouldn't do for Charlie to find that out."   
Pauline rung her hands in desperation, "You, you promise
      you won't tell anyone, I have your word?"   
Bob smile grew across his face, "My word is my bond, what
      about you Terry?"   
Terry mockingly put his hand to his chest, "Not a word to a sole,
      cross my heart," he looked over to Bob, "Pick something real nice for the
      lady."   
Bob rummaged in the draw until he found a black pair of high cut
      pants, a black and red suspender belt, he still had the black peek a boo
      bra; the next draw had some seamed stockings, he took the packet out and
      threw the whole lot across the bed.   
As Pauline bent to pick them up Terry said, "With all this
      lot there must be some high, high heels somewhere."   
Turning to the wardrobe Bob opened the door, he caught
        sight of something in the corner of the robe but choose to keep it to
        him self; there at the bottom were a pair of red ankle strapped high
        heeled shoes, the spiked heel was silver and they were, as expected very
        high, he picked them up and turned, "Now I thought Charlie was a kinky
      bastard but these are the business."   
Bob loved the look of total embarrassment on Pauline's face as
      he watched the smile on Terry's face widen as he helped her reluctantly
      pick up the sexy bits of lingerie.   
She almost ran to the bathroom, Terry looked at Bob and
        thrust his hips back and forth, Bob waved his hand and whispered, "Take
        your time, we will have some fun with her but first lets play her in,
        like all good anglers never loose the catch when its this close to the
      shore."    
Bob was looking down at the toy draw, he bent and picked
        up a box, there was a picture of two long rubber cocks bending out of
        a bulbous end, one cock fatter than the other, "Bet that makes your eyes water?" When
      suddenly they heard, "You promise now, you just want to see me in my Saturday
      night stuff and you won't tell on me?"   
Both men waited, the anticipation killing them when Pauline
        walked in, the sharp intake of breath from Terry was almost deafening,
        it was Bob who couldn't help but speak, "Fucking hell, I knew she would
      scrub up fucking gorgeous."   
She looked at the two men now ogling her body, Bob was
        quick, "Sorry
      love, I meant to say you are really lovely, now why don't you come around
      this side of the bed, let me see them shoes."   
He could see she was nervous but he could also see something fantastic.
      She had taken her glasses off and let her hair down. The brown waves swung
      around her face. Bob admired the white almost ivory skin colour; the brown
      hair and skin complemented her pixy like features especially around her
      slender neck and slim shoulders.   
His eyes didn't linger long at her shoulders, the white mounds
      of her breast's ballooned over the black lace, the bra pushed them up but
      that wasn't all the bra did, in the middle of each cup was a red star,
      in the centre of each star a lovely thick rosy pink nipple pointed out.   
Dragging his eyes down, Bob could see the rest of her full rounded
      figure. The thin waistband of the high cut pants was lost under the suspender
      belt; the black straps ran over her hips and down her thighs, they were
      topped and bottomed by little red bows as they clung to the sheer dark
      stockings.   
His eyes gazed at the black material, he could see she was bald
      under the lace; he licked his lips at the thought of a completely hairless
      crotch and what he would do with it.   
She stood in front of him, the dark stocking between the pale ivory
      skin of her thighs and the red shiny shoes, considering the height of the
      heels she walked well in them, Bob guessed she had been forced to learn
      to wiggle her ass as she walked.   
&nbsp;    
Bob was fighting for something to say, something that would not
      make her any more nervous than she was, he looked at Terry who was nodding
      and pointing furiously at the back of her.   
Pauline backed herself to the wall, "Is that it, I'm going
        to get dressed, I've done what you asked and you will keep your promise,
      won't you?"   
Bob suddenly realized what Terry meant, "Oh come on, that's
      not enough, lets see it all, how about you turn around for me."   
Pauline shook her head, "No, no that's enough, I'm going to change," she
      tried to slide along the wall but Terry was there, he moved quick forcing
      her to stumble on to the bed. Bob was on the bed a second after she fell,
      before she could move his left hand lay flat on her back holding her down
      as his eyes surveyed her firm round bottom.   
Bob giggled, "Now that's a nice pattern, stripes become
        a nice ass, Charlie looks like he had a good time, and I've seen the
      pattern maker."   
Pauline put her hands behind her trying to cover her ass, but the
      high cut of her pants hid nothing, the mass of faint pink criss crossed
      lines were obvious.   
Bob ran his hand under hers, "Please stop that, I don't like it," but
      Bob didn't stop, "Look at this little lot."   
As Terry got closer, he looked curiously at Bob, "What
      did you mean, the pattern maker?"   
Bob slapped Pauline's ass, "Now you be a good girl and
      don't you move."   
Pauline protested, "But I can't I must get dressed, this
is wrong."   
Bob slapped her again this time it caused a little squeal
        from Pauline, "If you move before I say, we will be forced to tell Charlie
      we were shown the remains of Saturday nights fun,"   
She blubbered, "No, no you mustn't you promised."   
Bob almost giggled, "I'll keep my promise as long as you stay on
      that bed with that nice ass on view to me and my friend," Bob got off the
      bed, the giggle became a laugh as he watched Pauline, she didn't move.   
As he moved towards the wardrobe he heard a little whimpering
        voice, "You
      promise you won't tell on me?" he still couldn't help but chuckle, "That's
      it Pauline you just do as your told and a promise is a promise," he opened
      the door and lifted out a small box, put it on the floor and reached in
      again, this time he turned to Terry, a long thin cane in his hand, "One
      pattern maker."   
As he made the cane whistle through the air, Terry said, "I
      bet that smarts, does it Pauline, does it sting?"   
The men could almost hear a sob as she answered, "Yes and
      I don't like it, but I have too, I have no choice."   
As Pauline was explaining Bob flicked the lid of the box
        open with his foot, "What's this, ropes, gags, photos?" he bent and picked a handful
      out photos out. Pauline was quick, she went to move, but Terry grabbed
      her ankles, "You stay put; remember the promise."   
There was panic in her frightened voice, "No, no please
      put them back, please, I'm begging you."   
Bob started to look through them, "Begging a, what have we here
      that you beg so much, oh yes, I see now why you didn't have a choice, look
      Terry," he handed a few to Terry.   
As Pauline sank her head in to the pillows both men scanned through
      the pictures, they were of Pauline tied to the wooden bars across each
      end of the bed, her waist over some sort of rolled up foam bending her
      so her ass was forced up, some two foot off the bed.   
Terry and Bob looked at photo after photo, all of them showing
      Pauline either naked or dressed in sexy underwear, but mostly she was tied,
      either on the bed or over it, some standing in various positions, in various
      stages between dressed and naked, sometimes with ball gags or ring gags,
      but all of them had the same effect on the two men, especially Bob as he
      gazed at her bald cunt.   
Bob looked over at the bed, Pauline still had her head buried in
      the pillows, he winked at Terry, bent and picked up two lengths of rope,
      he tapped his wrist and pointed at her and the bed-head; Terry took the
      rope and slowly, quietly he slipped around the bottom of the bed and moved
      to the side, as Bob moved up his side.   
Both men made a loop, then at the nod of Bob's head, simultaneously
      they each grabbed a hand, Pauline squealed, "What are you doing?" it was
      to late, they had slid the loops over her wrists and dragged her hands
      to the cross beam.   
Smiling down at the terrified woman Bob fastened the hand
        he had to the cross bar, as Terry did the same Bob sat on the bed, "Now
        come on Mrs. Carpenter, lets look at the situation, you have got me almost
        naked, you have dressed in the most provocative underwear, you have let
        us see personal photos and you have revealed to us your little games
        on Saturday nights, so what's the matter with us seeing you as the photos
      show, or shall we ask Charlie?"   
Her lovely face looked pleadingly at Bob, "Look untie me, I have
      done all you asked, I'll keep my promise and you must keep yours, please
      let me go." Without saying a word Bob got up and surveyed the woman at
      his mercy on the bed.   
He bent forward and smacked her ass, "Lets do a deal, I want to
      see," he looked up at Terry and winked, "And I'm sure I speak for Terry
      that we want to see those fine marks on your ass, so tell us to take your
      panties down and we will see it all then that could be the end of that,
      promise."   
Pauline gasped, "You can't mean it, no, no you mustn't," Bob looked
      across at Terry, "Oh well suppose we will have to talk to Charlie then,
      what do you think Terry?"   
Terry joined in the fun, "Can't see any other way, just
      thought she was being nice, seeing as what she had done, but."   
Before he could finish Pauline blurted out, "Alright; but you promise,
      not a word to Charlie but please be quick you can take my pants down, just
      to look, nothing else." she dropped her head back down in the pillow.   
Both men sat on the bed, making sure they were either side
        of her well-rounded ass. Terry ran his hand over her ass, giving it a
        squeeze, "mmmm
      nice a firm," he carried on stroking as Bob slid his fingers under the
      thin waistband and pulled down.   
Bob pulled down hard, the back of his hand trailing over
        the skin of her thighs then all the way down her stocking clad legs until
        they were off her ankles. Terry was still squeezing the globes of her
        ass when Bob started fingering the lines, "Nice lines I bet some of these
      hurt, did they?"   
She was struggling to answer her voice quivered as she
        said, "Yes
      some of them did, now will you stop and untie me," but Bob had no intentions
      of stopping.   
"Did you tell Charlie they hurt?" Bob started to tickle
      across the lines playing more on the lower part of her ass.   
Pauline whimpered, "No, I daren't do that I always tell him I like
      it," Bob slapped her ass hard, she squealed a little, "Ouch, please no."   
Bob looked up at Terry, "What say we use this cane and make a few
      more stripes," Pauline cried out, "No, no he would see them," but Bob carried
      on, "We could tell Charlie she gave us the come on and asked, no begged
      us to cane her because she likes it."   
Pauline was almost shouting, "No, no don't do that," but Bob had
      the final word, "We could cane her, then stick that ball gag in her mouth,
      leave her tied up and tell Charlie all the things she let us do, I wonder
      what he'd do when he got back to our helpless friend here?"   
Pauline pulled hard on the ropes, "No, no god you wouldn't
      please, please untie me."   
Bob picked up one of the photos and thrust it in Pauline's
        face, "You
      want us to be nice to you so be nice to us, lets have this pose," in the
      picture Pauline was naked and on her back, arms and legs tied spread eagled
      to the four bed posts, with the ball gag in her mouth.   
Pauline blubbered, "Why are you doing this to me, I don't know
      you," Bob ran his hand over her ass then slid it down her hip and pushed
      it under her until his hand was trapped between the bed and her bold mound,
      she wiggled trying to move it but all she did was rub more of her cunt
      in to Bobs hand, "You may not know us but you won't forget us, now what's
      it to be?"   
"If I let you, that will be the end of this, promise it
      will be the end of this,"   
&nbsp;    
Bobs hand pulled out, then he knelt and undid the bra strap, "Lets
      have a look at you in that pose before we do any promising," Terry was
      already untying her wrist.   
As soon as Bob had untied his side the two men exchanged ropes
      forcing Pauline to spin on the bed, her bra was quickly slid down her arms
      and thrown at the open draw, the main thing on the men's minds was to have
      her arms retied to the posts.   
Once her arms were secured they two men grabbed a leg each and
      pulled them apart, it was taking Bob all his concentration to tie her leg
      to the post as his eyes kept wondering to the neat hairless cunt now with
      the pink inner flesh open to his gaze.   
He gave the knot a final tug both of them making sure she
        couldn't move, Terry grabbed the bal gag first, "This is my treat," he looked at
      the frightened helpless woman, "Open wide."   
Bob still couldn't be left out, he knelt on the bed and held her
      head while Terry fitted the ball in to her mouth; Bob dragged her head
      up as the buckle was clipped together and pulled tight.   
Both men stood up and looked at her, Bob smiled at Terry, "You
      know mate I have had dreams were this is what I've always wanted, a beautiful
      woman, naked, tied and helpless and there has been times where I have cum
      in the bed, guess what, I feel I'm gona cum this time but in something
      else.   
&nbsp;    
Pauline shook her head but Bob just laughed, "Talking of
        promise's I promised myself a piece of your cunt and you aren't in any
      position to make me promise anything else."   
Bob slid out of his boxers, "Come on mate lets all get naked, don't
      want to make the lady feel self conscious," Pauline was still making noises
      through the gag as Bob climbed between her legs.   
She watched as his head dropped, his mouth latched over her nipple,
      Pauline moaned as she felt the suction of his mouth as it pulled at the
      nipple. The pink bud was being forced to elongate as Bob's tongue flicked
      over it.   
She shook her head as she felt contact between her legs,
        his cock head was pushing at her open cunt, she tried to move away but
        the head was now pressing in to the slit, his head came up, he leered
        down at her, "Now
      this is what I call being on a promise, now you just lay there and be a
      good girl while I fuck you."   
She felt him move, his cock now pushing further up her,
        she tried to move but he shook his head, "Don't fight it, you'll need
        all your strength because after I've fucked you it will be Terry's turn
      to have some fun with you and he's always been an ass man."   
Bob kept moving, slowly the full length of his cock filled
        her, then slowly out grinning at her all the time, "mmmmm, nice we thought you
      would be a good fuck, look at these nipples, really thick hope you keep
      them poking out for me," he slid back up her again, thrusting in up to
      the hilt, Pauline moaned.   
Terry had the box in one hand as he searched through the
        draws, "Here
      you want her nipples to stay out, try these," Bob looked sideways; Terry
      had a pair of chained nipple clamps dangling from his fingers.   
Bob, his arms straight as he thrust in to the bound woman, "Come
      on then lets use all of Charlie's toys on Charlie's plaything," Pauline
      started to shake her tits, moaning up at Bob as he continued to fuck he
      hard. As Terry pinched one of her nipples squeezing it until it popped
      up Bob looked at her, "Your wet, you love this, you enjoy being played
      with."   
Terry opened the clamp and fitted the nipple between before
        letting go, still fucking hard Bob laughed, "One down one to go," Terry
        fitted the second but Pauline was now groaning, the fucking she was getting
        was getting to her, her body was moving under the relentless battering
      Bob's cock was giving her.   
Bobs eyes were drawn to the little pink bud; with his weight on
      his strong arms he could watch her face as he forced her to enjoy his thick
      cock as it fucked in to her, he could see in her face she was going to
      climax so he excited her more by bending his head down again and tickling
      the tip of the trapped nipple.    
As Bob's cock exploded its juice in her so she squealed
        around the gag as her hips jumped up milking the fat cock of its load,
        Bob dropped on to her, he nuzzled in to her neck, "I love the smell of
        leather especially when its holding a gag in a woman's mouth while I'm
      fucking her."   
Terry tapped him on the shoulder, "Shift it mate, you've had your
      fun now it's my turn." Bob rolled off her, Terry grinned as he got on the
      bed, he grabbed a pillow, "Get your ass up, lets see if you cum with your
      ass full, and don't give me the sad eye, that's the beauty of bondage,
      your choice is no choice."   
Pauline just lay there as Terry shoved the pillow under ass, his
      arm easily slid under her and pulled her ass off the bed he had her in
      to the position he wanted, her body perfectly bowed to his choice, he could
      take either or both holes, she looked down, his cock long and hard looked
      back at her.   
She closed her eyes as the long hard cock pushed in to
        her wet cum filled cunt, as just the head thrust in and out, Terry chuckled, "Just
      getting the head wet and I bet you know why?"   
Pauline just looked at him, a little moan as she felt the bulbous
      head of Terry's cock slide out of her cunt and push at her ass.   
Unable to do anything to stop Terry as he shoved upwards, she relaxed,
      hoping it wouldn't hurt as the head pushed the hole open. To add insult
      to the way she was helpless and unable to stop these men and how they could
      use her she also knew anal sex was a turn on for her.   
That became all too apparent as Terry fucked her ass. The cock-head
      continued to hammer in to the hilt, each thrust caused her cunt to jump
      forcing moans from her.   
Terry smiled as he realized she was unable to stop herself from
      heading towards a climax, her hips were moving under him, the faster he
      fucked her the louder her moans gurgled from around the red ball.   
Bob sat on the side of the bed smiling at her every time
        her head turned his way, "Come on my son, give it to her good, she loves
        a good fucking, her body is made for it, she can't help but suck in a
        cock, Charlie sure picked himself a fucking machine when he found this
      one, go on fuck her hard she's about to cum."   
As if on cue Pauline shuddered in to her second orgasm,
        Terry quickly followed pumping himself up in to her ass, grunting the
        words, "Yes, yes,
      yes," as his body jerked, his cock dumping its load in to her before his
      sweat covered body collapsed on to her.   
Bob waited until his mate got off her before he lent forward,
        grinning in to her face, "You having fun, you look to be enjoying cuming;
      want to do it some more?"   
The men could just distinguish, "Please no more," from behind the
      ball but Bob just smiled, his head turned to Terry, "Lets see if that thing
      does make your or should I say her eyes water."   
Terry looked puzzled for a moment until his eyes caught sight of
      the box, the picture of the two rubberised cocks bending out from the fat
      bulb like base reminded him of Bob's remark, he picked it up, slid the
      vibrator out of the box and threw it at Bob.   
Bob waved it in Pauline's face, "This looks like fun, lets just
      see how much fun," Pauline moaned as her head rolled from side to side
      but Bob was already slipping down the bed until he was in the position
      to let his fingers play between her legs.   
Pauline tried to pull her knees but Bob slapped her inner thighs
      until she opened them again, he spat on both cocks, then first he pushed
      the small end in to her ass then bent it forward until the thicker cock
      slid in to her cunt.   
Bob laughed at Terry, "This is fun, in and in and in," slowly
        he pushed the back one up her ass, then the front one up her cunt, rocking
      the fat end as slowly each cock pushed up in to her.   
With Pauline's cunt and ass still wet Bob had no trouble
        in fitting the vibrator in, his fingers toyed with the red button on
        the fat end, Bob looked over to Terry, "We have lift off." As little
        pant like moans escaped the helpless housewife's mouth Bob twisted the
      knob.   
&nbsp;    
The drone of the vibrator joined the moans from Pauline,
        her body squirmed and shook, Bob rubbed his hands as he watched her helplessly
        begin to move. Terry noticed the cocks starting to slide out, he nodded
        to Bob, "We
      are going to have to hold them in."   
Bob shook his head, "No, that would spoil it, untie her
leg."   
While Bob held the tormenting cocks in place Terry untied
        her legs, before she had chance to move them Bob pulled her knees together, "Tie
      her thighs together, then her knees then her ankles, that should keep our
      little toy up our little toy."   
Soon Pauline lay crucified on the bed her legs tightly held together
      the two throbbing cocks held firmly up her cunt and ass, Bob looked at
      Pauline, his hand stroking his cock as it grew firm in his hand. Pauline
      looked at him here eyes lowered to see his cock growing in his hand, she
      turned to see the same thing happening to Terry's then her eyes closed,
      her bound body started to jump to the pulsating cocks buried in her holes.   
Terry was about to speak but Bob shook his head and winked, soon
      Pauline was becoming uncontrollable as she rushed head long in to another
      violent orgasm. Both men watched as every move her body made only added
      to the sensation's; the squeals and moans were music to their ears as her
      hips thrust up and back, her eyes wide and staring at the men as she came.   
Bob gave her 20 seconds then he said to her, "I bet if we leave
      them up there you will cum and cum, in fact it would be a nice welcome
      home sight for Charlie," as he said Charlie she shook her head, not only
      moaning with the pulsating fucking her ass and cunt were getting but the
      threat of Charlie seeing the position she had got herself in to.   
Bob bent over her and started to undo the buckle at the
        back of her head, "Of course there is away you could have them taken
        out and let us leave you dressed and ready for Charlie after we have
      met him for a quiet drink."   
She coughed as the ball was pulled from her mouth, "Please stop,
      please take them out," Bob pulled the centre of the nipple chain, pulling
      her breast's up, "Oh no you have to earn that privilege."   
She squealed again as he tugged and jiggled her breast's around,
      the nipples being pulled in any way Bob fancied.   
"Terry untie her arms, this ladies up for some more fun," as
        Terry untied her wrists so her body jumped and moved as the relentless
      fucking continued.   
Pauline's arms flopped on to the pillow as Terry went to
      take the ropes off her wrist's Bob stopped him, "Pass them here mate."   
Terry passed one rope while Bob bent and grabbed the other, all
      the time Pauline moaned, unable to stop the feelings of her next orgasm
      as she tried to twist away from the two men. Bob yanked on the ropes as
      Terry slid her legs round and off the bed. Pauline pleaded and begged as
      she realized Bob was going to force her to sit on the edge of the bed.
      Bob smiled at her as he realized she knew what the new sensation would
      do to her.   
Bob held her arms down, "Grab the rope ends and tie them behind
      her back," he pulled back his face all most touching hers, "Lets have you
      totally unable to pull them out, I like you as a slave, I bet Charlie has
      told you that before."   
As Terry tied her wrists tightly behind her she pleaded with Bob
      to release her but all he wanted to do was watch as she wriggled on the
      bed, the two vibrators were now rammed hard up her, she couldn't help rubbing
      herself back and forth on the bed, much to the grinning men's enjoyment
      she was unable to stop herself from cuming again.   
&nbsp;    
 Bob and Terry stood in front of her, both of them with a cock
      in their hand, slowly stroking it as Pauline gasped and moaned in to her
      fifth orgasm.   
Panting and swallowing hard she looked ay Bob, "Please
        enough, take it out, please have mercy, you've had your fun, take them
      out."   
Bob bent down and crouched in front of her, pulling again
        on the nipple clamps, "What if we leave them in, will you get another
      fucking and cum for us again?"   
Pauline stared at him, "Please no, no more."   
Bob tickled under her breasts making her move, then he
        slid his hand down until he could press his thumb between her bound legs
        and on her clit, he moved the soaking flesh, waiting for her to moan,
        he didn't wait long, he loved her torment plus he loved the little, "Please no," that
      whispered from her.   
He moved forward, his voice was almost a whisper in her
        ear, "Please
      yes, remember this Mrs. Pauline Carpenter this is all part of my game now,
      the game you started and we are going to finish.   
He drew his thumb up from her slit and stuffed it on her
        lips, "Suck
      it, taste it, lick it."   
Trying not to give the men the sight of her degrading herself
        by squirming on the buzzing cocks she licked the foul tasting thumb,
        then she slid it in to her mouth, Bob smiled at her, "Nice mouth, soft
      lips, tell me have you got a deep throat?"   
Pauline just looked at him, Bob still smiled, "Not talking then
      lets use your pretty mouth for something it was made for," As she opened
      her mouth Pauline's body started to rock on the cocks again.   
Bob turned to Terry, "I think our little toy knows what's expected
      of her mouth, get ready for one of the best blow jobs you will ever have," he
      slowly stood, his cock bounced in front of her face; she moved towards
      it but Bob grabbed her hair and pulled it back, "Because if it isn't the
      best bit of deep throat I've had I promise you those cocks will still be
      fucking you when Charlie gets home."   
He let her head go, she moved then groaned as the cocks up her
      moved, they had started again, exciting her aroused cunt, Bob enjoyed the
      little gasp as her lips latched over his cock.   
Bob mmmmd as she sucked his cock deep in to her mouth, slowly letting
      it back out as she licked all over the head; Bob just stood and let her
      suck him.   
Pauline sucked him slowly then suddenly the vibrator would
        effect her and she sucked quicker, Bob thrust his hip s out as she took
        it deep in to her throat, he turned to Terry gloating at his triumph, "Charlie's
      taught her how to suck a mean cock, here try her out."    
Terry moved over, Bob stood back, Pauline groaned as the rubberised
      cocks continued to fuck her, her body just responded not matter what she
      did to stop it, but that was not her only problem, Terry's cock now pushed
      at her lips, again she opened her mouth and forced herself to swallow another
      length of male meat.   
Pauline moved her head up and down the long shaft, sucking and
      swallowing the full length. She would feel him getting excited, the thickening
      of the cock in her mouth and the rippled veins as they ran over her tongue,
      he was about to cum, then disappointment as he pulled his cock from her
      mouth and Bob would take his place so she could start again and she knew
      Bob would do the same.   
Both men continued to let her bring them to pre cum before swapping,
      a few times they made her suck them both, forcing her mouth wide as she
      tried to accommodate both at once or slapping her face with them as her
      head moved from one to another. Twice they gloated at her by standing back
      as they watched her involuntarily cum, then they'd move back making her
      suck on their cocks again as her body began shaking as the two cocks up
      her drove her too more humiliating orgasms.   
It was Terry who came first, shooting his load in to her mouth,
      then Bob but he took his out and used his hand as Pauline was made to open
      her mouth and stick her tongue out while he splattered her face and mouth
      as he came.   
Still with her face covered in male juice she had to lick and suck
      the remnants of sticky cum from their cocks before her arms were released.
      Both men dressed as they watched her quickly untie her own legs so she
      could get at the pulsating toy still humming its erotic tune deep inside
      her.   
As she pulled it out she collapsed back on the bed exhausted,
        Bob was the first to dress and the first to drop on the bed beside her, "You're
      a good fuck, Charlie's got you well trained, now lets have you say thank
      you, how's about a nice kiss goodbye?"   
Pauline was too tired to fight as he started to kiss her, his tongue
      going in to her mouth, his hand cupping her wet sore cunt. Then she felt
      Terry's hands as they unclipped the nipple clamps before his mouth sucked
      on the extended nipple.   
Both men spent another ten minutes pawing and fondling
        Pauline before Bob turned to Terry and said, "Look at the time, we have
        been working hard all day, time to get a relaxing pint and be paid for
      all our hard endeavours."    
The two men went down stairs, Pauline put on her house robe and
      followed on behind. The men opened the front door and went out to the porch;
      Pauline quickly grabbed the door before they could close it.   
Please, please, you won't tell him, I didn't mean too,
      you won't tell him will you?"   
Bob and Terry grinned, "No we will tell him you were perfect,
      we promise your secrets safe with us."   
As the two men walked done the path giggling she moved
        to close the door, she stopped and looked back at them, "Oh by the way,
        you won't charge him too much, after all, you will be getting the money
      back from the pipe that you hid in your van this morning."   
Terry grunted a startled, "A, what the?" Bob turned and looked
      at her, she stood there smiling at him, "When I saw him put the pipe in
      the van I thought then that the day looked promising," Pauline licked at
      the dried cum on her lips as she closed the door.   
 Pagan.   
Copyright  kayce69@fsworld.co.uk   
 Another story by Pagan   
 A Peril of Pauline, Pauline Conrad   
   Shut up and Listen.   
He scratched his ass then he pulled his bathrobe over his naked
      body. From his hotel window his eyes could scan the skyline of the city,
      he ran the glass under his nose, he enjoyed a large drink after his hot
      bath, he savoured his Jim Beam, rolling the liquid around inside his mouth
      after the occasionally sip while watching the setting sun. Four days he'd
      been there, four long boring days, in his own words a crap weekend. He
      had just attended the most boring of commercial conferences thought possible,
      but some-one from his firm had to be there and as luck would have it, he
      drew the short straw, oh what he'd give to be home, all cosy with his lovely,
      the phone rang.   
He slumped on to the bed, stubbed out his cigarette, put the drink
      in his left hand and picked up the receiver, "Hello, Mr Darren,"   
I voice, obviously in a temper shouted, "I fucking well know its
      you Darren, the fucking receptionist told me?"    
Startled he said, "Yes its," he was still unable to finish his
      sentence.   
The voice ranted, "Its me, Pauline, you bastard, you absolute bastard,
      how could you, did you think it was funny, did you think there was some
      reason to it because I fucking well didn't."   
Darren tried to jump in, "Look this-----,"   
But she was having none of it, "Just shut up, do you hear me, you
      bastard you just shut up and listen."   
"Have you spoken to them, I bet you have, they left an hour ago,
      I suppose you were being filled in with the details while I struggled to
      get free?"   
Darren spluttered, "Spoken to them, details, I eerrr I----,"   
"Yes you shit-head details, well if they didn't, I fucking well
      will tell you myself, I've done my share of crying now I'm ready, you arranged
      all this didn't?"   
Another, "I," came from Darren.   
"Don't fucking well deny it, I was only saying things I thought
      you wanted to hear, a fantasy for you to cum with, you stupid shit, that's
      all."   
Darren hurriedly lit another cigarette before taking a large gulp
      of his drink, he wanted to explain but she wouldn't stop, she ranted on.   
"What was it, just three weeks ago, I only said it while you were
      fucking me, just you and me in our lovely bed, loving and tender, now its
      been desecrated thanks to your stupidity."   
Darren thanked god for cordless phones as he poured himself another
      large Beam and swapped ears, but the sound was no different.   
"Eight years we have been married, and you decide that it would
      be fun to talk about our fantasies while we make love, and I go along with
      it, I didn't have a problem with our love making, I am 28 years old and
      I thought sensible but I go along with it, just to make you happy and this
      is how you repay me."   
Darren voice was almost a whisper, "Look I think----,"   
"That's the trouble you didn't think, when you were cuming, filling
      me with cum and I whispered in your ear the first thing that came in to
      my mind, it was what I thought you wanted to hear, me, fantasizing about
      being taken by dirty men and a gang bang, that's all I was doing, fantasizing,
      fantasizing for your benefit."   
She drew breath, "What would they say at your precious, Stapleton,
      Philips if they ever found out, you realize we would be the laughing stock
      of the country club, you would never be vice president Darren Conrad, just
      the little shit you are and as for me, the finger pointing from Thornings
      publishers would be to much to bear, it would be all over Burbeck, god
      I hope those men, those animals you put up to this, never speak of what
      happened, we would be ruined."   
She went to draw another breath, Darren quickly butted in, "For
      god sake what happened?"    
"I heard the phone ringing, was that you, what were you doing,
      checking up on your mates?"   
There was a sudden calmness in her voice, "What happened, you ask
      what happened, were shall we start my weekend, well lets start at the beginning," Darren
      poured more in to his glass, lit another cigarette and did what he had
      been told, he shut up and listened.   
"Friday, I did expect another phone call, I mean one to say you
      had got there on Thursday and I'm tired was not all I expect from my loving
      husband, no I hung about and waited until nearly lunch time and thought,
      O K I'll go to the shops which I did, you with me so far, you ass hole?"   
Darren took another sip but just let a mmm slip from his lips,
      he didn't want her screaming at him again.   
"mmm is that all you can say, well I went shopping, you must have
      told your mates to take a great deal of care not to be noticed, hanging
      around with those other drop outs by the park, but being dark skinned I
      noticed them, scruffy bastards, then to ask me for money, nice touch, was
      that to make sure it was me, I expect you showed them a picture and they
      were making sure, oh I was taken in, I thought they were real down and
      outs, right down to the smell, I told them to piss off and leave me alone,
      I should have known something wasn't right when that big one grinned at
      me, his teeth looked to good to be a tramp."    
She went silent for a second, "You better be listening you shit."   
Darren mmm'd again, "Good, I saw him again when I was talking to
      Jenny, we were talking about you, you bastard, about you being away for
      the weekend, my plans for a relaxing time at home, alone with out you under
      my feet, a time to relax and chill out, he just stood there asking for
      hand outs, I told him to do something with his life, I shouted at him to
      go piss some-one else off, I finished off by storming past him telling
      him to, do something useful, he still put his hand out I soon told him
      to shove it."   
Darren kept quiet, "I walked home, and I don't suppose they followed
      me, I mean seeing that kind of person in Richmond Gardens would be out
      of character, I suppose they had the address all the time thanks to you,
      just what possessed you to think of this, I'm bewildered?"   
There was a sigh but she continued, "I think you should know in
      detail just what your stupidity allowed to happen. I got home, our home,
      our safe little home, well, the one I once thought was safe, even though
      you didn't fix that window catch I thought not a problem, how many time
      had I told you or was it on purpose, was it an integral part of your fucking
      stupid plan?"   
Darren was aware that she was close to tears but he thought they
      may be of anger so he did as she told him and just listened, "Oh how oblivious
      I was to what my husband had planned, my husband of eleven years, god I
      thought you knew me, well obviously your don't, I wondered why you kept
      asking me about that fantasy. Where did I go wrong, you always said I had
      great tits, and you thought my tight supple sexy body," Darren noticed
      the way her voice lowered, "God I wish it wasn't so supple the way they
      bent it, was everything you wanted but no, you kept on about that fantasy,
      why, well now I know."   
 Her voice was now back and full of venom, "There I was in my clean
      house, all the shopping away, thinking, I'll have a bath. I lay in my bath,
      soaking in the warmth, adding the scented bath oils, while all the time,
      downstairs your mates were opening that dammed window and invading my privacy
      because, I can't believe I'm saying this, you thought I wanted something
      extra in my life."   
The anger was defiant, her voice slow and deliberate, "It is impossible
      to explain the feeling I had as I came downstairs, I suppose your deranged
      mind could see me, those rose coloured hipster pants with the little lace
      see through panels in the side, that low cut matching bra, a little pair
      of pink ankle socks to keep my feet warm, and my short ivory satin robe
      with the little plated belt. I was just fixing my hair up, you know that
      lovely pearl clip that forces my hair to hang in a wide ponytail when I
      turned in to the lounge and there they were."   
Now the voice was really venomous, "These animals, this bunch of
      perverted assholes that you put up to live out my supposed fantasy, you
      must know some sick bastards, how could you?"   
The voice now cold and flat, but the venom still etched in the
      sarcasm, she was about to tell Darren the awful truth behind this horrible,
      depraved event, "I think I was to shocked to scream, I just stood there,
      my hands still holding my hair, gazing at those two scruffy individuals
      sprawled all over my settee, I didn't see the other two, standing back
      behind the door, oh yes I smelt them but by then it was to late."   
She spat the next ten words out like a gun, "And all this happened
      because of your fucking stupid idea," she took a deep breath, "It felt
      like I had been hit by a car; my arm was grabbed and pulled down then twisted
      up my back, I could even cry out in pain as a filthy hand slammed across
      my mouth; as the other one grabbed my other arm the back of my knees received
      a kick and I buckled to the floor, I knelt there, I couldn't move or cry
      out as I watched the two that were sat on the settee just get up and swagger
      over to me."   
Her voice was now shaking with emotion, "That big dark one, the
      one that had begged me for money loomed over me, he unzipped his trousers
      and took out the biggest, filthiest cock I had ever seen, he grinned at
      me, &lt;You want me to piss somewhere now lady?&gt; all I could do was
      look, the stench from the hand over my mouth was revolting enough with
      out the thought of this animal pissing on me, I tried to shake my head."    
"That pearly white grin mocked me, as he showed off to the others &lt;Oh
      look at the fine lady now, no more piss off you shits, now who's doing
      the begging?&gt; I couldn't move that disgusting hand holding my head solidly
      all I could do was stare at that awful fat cock as he seemed to grow in
      front of my eyes, I don't know how they did it but it looked revolting
      it was as though it had never been washed."   
Darren moved for another drink, he cocked the phone between his
      shoulder and ear as he took another bottle from his suitcase, he just gave
      the occasional cough to let her know he was still listening, he didn't
      know what to say, but she did, "I knew this was a set up, I certainly didn't
      talk about being alone this weekend too loud, but I didn't have time to
      think as he carried on grinning, waving that filthy thing in front of my
      face as the other one knelt down beside me, &lt;You fed up with that hand
      on your mouth? &gt; I made some silly noise, &lt;I bet I can find some
      duck tape, every house in the country has that stuff&gt;, he disappeared
      the other one carried on tormenting me.   
See he knew we had but all I had to do was listen as the big one
      said, &lt;So fine lady you want to do the begging now, not so high and
      snotty now are we, I bet you wished you hadn't made fucking stupid remarks
      to a stranger who needed some cash for a drink, looks like we can have
      as much as we like now, free of charge&gt;.   
Darren sipped on the drink then changed the phone to the other
      ear, "That man came back, I looked in horror at that silver tape that you
      had bought, remember you said it may come in handy, was that what was in
      your twisted mind, because it came in handy for them.    
Anger flooded back, "They grabbed my hair and dragged it up while
      another squeezed my throat, they had obviously practiced it, I chocked,
      as I did he told to close my mouth tight, I did, anything to stop the pain,
      quickly they wound the tape around and around my head sealing my mouth,
      they did the same to my wrist's before they dragged me up, he grinned at
      my helplessness, he put that filthy cock back in his trouser and blew a
      kiss at me before he barked, &lt; Take her upstairs, strap her feet together
      then we eat&gt; he was still grinning as he said &lt;We will leave eating
      something else until later.&gt;   
Darren lit another cigarette; "The indignity of being prodded up
      my own stairs, my legs being touched by that ugly man was nothing to what
      he had in mind when we reached our lovely bed, I'll let you know now that's
      the moment when I started to hate you. He pushed me on our bed then deliberately
      grabbed my ankles and dragged me around, of course as he did my robe moved
      showing my legs up to my panties and it opened enough to see the matching
      bra, his grin was sickly."   
Her voice took on a trembling anger, "He taped my ankles together,
      then still grinning he slid his hand up to my knees and ran tape around
      again just above them, he slammed me down on my back and gloated, I could
      see the power he thought he had over me, it was etched in that ugly face.
      He ran his hand over my cheek and then down on to my shoulder pushing the
      rope open even more, he could see more of my breast, &lt;You have soft
      skin, feels nice to the touch, you like being touched? &gt; I cringed."   
"I can still see his face, he got hold of my ankles and pulled
      me very slowly down the bed, as he did me little hipster panties dragged
      on the bed cover, pulling them up, the outline of my slit became all to
      apparent as they stretched tightly to my body at the top of my thighs,
      he nodded at me before turning towards the door."    
As if in unison, Pauline and Darren both cleared their throats,
      Darren went to speak but stopped as she suddenly burst out with, "He left
      me there like some tethered animal, unable to move or cry out, utterly
      helpless while they, your bloody hench men, ransacked our larder, gorging
      themselves on our food, drinking our drink, your favourite drink, I could
      hear them, they were getting drunk at our expense."   
As her voice droned down his ear Darren felt another drink coming
      on, "I could her them talking as I made a useless struggle to free myself,
      turning and twisting, rolling around the bed trying to find a way of ripping
      the tape, those dammed panties becoming more and more jammed between my
      arse cheeks, I could feel the material tight on my slit. I suddenly froze
      as I heard the boards creek at the top of the stairs, there in the door
      way was the one who had tied me, his eyes feasting on the way my robe had
      moved, revealing more of my panties and bra and much more of my skin, the
      grin was back on his face.    
Darren poured the drink, "I quickly rolled on to my stomach, I
      heard him move towards the bed, suddenly his hand gripped the back of my
      head and held it firmly in to the pillows, I thought he was going to suffocate
      me, but oh no that wasn't part of your plan was it, he was more interested
      in lifting the back of the robe and letting his eyes inspect something
      that you said was only yours, my panty covered arse cheeks."   
Darren's hand trembled a little as he put the glass to his lip,
      what was he going do, should he say something but she droned on, "He just
      stood there, as his hand moved from my head I dared to take a look. Just
      turning my face I could see through the dressing table mirror, his massive
      frame holding my delicate robe away from my body his eyes scanning my long
      naked legs all the way up to my panty covered bottom, now the cheeks of
      my arse were on show thanks to the material stuck up me.   
 He must have seen me because his head turned and he stared at
      me through the mirror that sickly grin will haunt me &lt;Like to watch?&gt; he
      dropped my robe and walked around the bed, he looked at me looking at him
      as he picked up the robe and dropped it around my bound wrist's and over
      my back."   
He could hear the emotion in her voice, "His huge hands easily
      gripped my arms and pulled them up and he continued pulling them up, his
      grin got wider as I was forced to raise my arse to relieve the pain, as
      I was trying to pull my bound legs up so his left hand pulled harder, then
      to add more misery I watched as his right hand dropped on to my panties,
      his huge dark hand now covering what was left of the little panties that
      protected my defenceless arse."   
Darren thought, here comes the temper again and he was right, "How
      could you leave me at their mercy, this hand now rubbing and squeezing
      my arse plying the skin, gripping and letting go, moving over me gripping
      and fondling my arse, then he slapped me, and again, I made silly, uummmhhhpppp
      noise's but you could hardly hear it over the continuous sound of hard
      hand striking soft skin, he kept pulling me up until he ordered me to bend
      over my knees. The tape pulled hard around my legs as I looked at myself
      bent in servitude. He pulled the little belt around to the clasp and undid
      it then he fastened it behind my knees and up to my arms forcing me to
      stay in that folded bent position. I watched myself helplessly bound, unable
      to scream at him as he pushed his fingers in to the flimsy waist band of
      my panties."   
Pauline was almost screaming, "I watched this oaf pulling my panties
      down thinking this is my husbands idea of an exciting moment. I looked
      at my red arse cheeks as he pulled the last of the panties from between
      them, I was still stinging from the spanking as this man ran his fingers
      in between the crack, I saw his finger disappearing, I could fell him pushing
      down towards my arse hole and I couldn't stop him, I felt him tickle up
      into the hole, I wiggled my arse trying to escape the invading digit, but
      the more I wiggled the more he pushed in, I shook my head and made more
      uummpphh noises, it made him worse, he was enjoying my frantic efforts
      to escape, I froze as I watched his hand continue under, I saw that triumphal
      grin as I felt his fingers start to explore my cunt lips."   
"I tried to straighten my legs but the pain the tight belt caused
      in my arms stopped me, that lovely belt you had bought me as a surprise
      present was now holding me it that vulnerable position. I couldn't take
      my eyes off the scene unfolding, was this really happening to me; was my
      husband behind all this? Yes you bastard admit it, you had made me defenceless
      and available to anything this man wanted to do to me.   
 I was mesmerized at the ridiculous sight of me with my arse up
      in the air. It was going to be a lovely easy day of relaxation, now I was
      helplessly tied, this ugly man was playing his fingers over my most intermit
      part, and I couldn't do anything about it, then it got worse, my eyes caught
      movement, in the door stood your other three perverted hench men."   
Her voice quivered, "If that gag hadn't had my mouth sealed I would
      have been sick at the way they leered over my arse, I could see them and
      by looking through the mirror I, as well as them watched him, his hands
      now shoved between my bound legs, his thumb rubbing at the opening to my
      cunt, I moaned as they move towards the bed and me."   
Now she was in a temper, all that had happened was ready to explode
      down Darren's ear, "That was the start of my weekend, the weekend you had
      arranged for my fantasy to be played out, you stupid shit as if I had a
      fucking fantasy in the first place, what the hell got in to you, was I
      supposed to like this, had you planned another one on your next weekend
      away, had you told them that the tenth was to be a repeat performance?   
As hands played with my arse and cunt so the big one with the grin,
      came and sat on the bed right in front of my face, his legs stretched out
      either side, the odour from his crotch made me vomit, with one hand he
      grabbed my hair and made me look up at him, with the other hand in undid
      his trouser waist band and pushed his zip down, that huge filthy cock flopped
      out, he shook my head &lt;You told me to take my hand and shove it, well
      pretty lady do you know where I'm going to shove it? &gt;   
Darren changed hands, continually holding it, his arms were getting
      sore, she almost snarled the next words, "Then he gripped his cock, it
      was so long he could slap my face with it, &lt;And you know where I'm gona
      shove this and I'm gona be shoving it all weekend &gt; he pulled my head
      up higher, I was nearly choking &lt;And so are my friends, its time a woman
      like you knew that insults hurt but not half as much as a fat cock stuck
      up and fucking your prissy arse&gt; where had they got their ideas from,
      what did you tell them, god you better have and answer tomorrow, its alright
      hiding on the end of this phone but god help you tomorrow."   
Now Darren's arm was really getting sore but he had to listen,
      he had to make a plan, "He still held my hair, making me watch as that
      filthy cock of his seemed to grow in front of my eye's he laughed at me, &lt;You
      just keep looking at it lady but I think you are in for a surprise, &gt; suddenly
      something wet touched my pussy, one of the filthy bastard was licking my
      cunt, I wiggled trying to stop him but I felt fingers pulling my cunt lips
      apart as this long rough tongue pushed in me, did you tell them I liked
      to be licked, did you, you bastard."   
Still without a plan Darren listened, "He licked me slowly then
      his tongue would flick furiously over my clit, the big man could see in
      my eyes that it was having an effect, it was imposable not to, tied the
      way I was, there was no escape. The tongue tickled between my ass and cunt
      then slid in, the more I wiggled the more they cheered him on, they humiliated
      me, made me move, I was moaning at them to stop, the big man grinned, &lt;You
      want me to take that gag off?&gt; I nodded, his grin grew wide, &lt;You
      sure you want your mouth free?&gt; as he said that he took that fat cock
      and waved it in my face, &lt;And open&gt; I felt sick in my stomach knowing
      what he expected me to do."   
Darren felt an uneasy change in her voice, not one of anger more
      of making sure every detail was poured down his ear, this was supposed
      to make her husband feel the biggest shit in the world, another Jim Beam
      helped, "Hands were playing with my bum, a tongue actively worked up inside
      my cunt, making me grunt and wiggle, bent the way I was a hand could get
      under me, fingers worked their way in to my bra and pulled at my nipples
      but all I could do was stare at that enormous cock as I felt him pulling
      at the tape.   
God that hurt as he peeled it from around my head, hairs were torn
      from my scalp, he just laughed as I yelped at the last bit being ripped
      across my mouth, I looked up at him and made his day I pleaded to be freed,
      I humiliated myself by pleading at this man who you had sent to enjoy me,
      even as I was saying it I remembered that stupid fantasy and to make it
      better for you how I had told you, I would beg them but they would ignore
      me and force themselves upon me, could you believe I also said, I would
      be helpless and they could do what they liked, and secretly I would enjoy
      it, the hell I would.    
Darren nearly choked on his drink as she raged, "And believe me,
      the fucking hell I didn't, as that was the start of my weekend. The bastard
      licking me got fed up with using his tongue, it was his turn to have some
      fun and unfortunately he had made me wet so all he had to do kneel behind
      me and drive his cock hard in to me, it was like being hit by a train he
      was so big and I squealed as his fat cock filled me but I wasn't squealing
      for long, oh no that other filthy fat cock that had been waving in my face
      saw to that.    
He grabbed my head and rammed that stinking meat in to my mouth,
      he threatened to ram it down my throat if I didn't use my tongue, he was
      forcing me to suck it and lick it, it tasted gross but I had no option
      but to kiss it all over, he made me lick the filth from his foreskin, there
      was no time to be sick as there I was getting him rock hard before they
      both had their fun fucking me anyway they wanted.    
Then my belt was taken off, they didn't care that I was choking
      their juice up, no I was turned over my legs undone and spread while the
      next took me. My bra was ripped to shreds and my nipples attacked by several
      mouths, they made me cry out but I was threatened with the tape again if
      I spoke. So I just lay there while he kneed my legs apart and then unable
      to do anything I let the bastard fuck me. After he made sure I'd swallowed
      all that other bastards cum I had to let him kiss me, I had to let him
      stick his disgusting, long rough tongue in to my mouth, the taste of beer
      and nicotine was awful but worse than that, their threats got me kissing
      him back, then to add to my humiliation they kept pinching my nipples until
      I made silly mmmming noise's.   
Shall I go on, you want every gory detail on how I was bent over
      while the next one fucked my arse, I didn't have any say in the matter,
      in fact I couldn't say anything, they kept my hands tied and my mouth full
      of another cock, two of them fucked my face while the one behind me took
      his time filling my arse with his juice.   
They all had another turn at me, my cunt, arse and mouth were there
      to be used and I just had to take it because they wanted it. After four
      hours of continues fucking, them fucking me, me sucking them they stopped,
      took me to the bathroom and cleaned me out, god the humiliation of standing
      in ones own shower with the shower nozzle being stuck up your arse and
      cunt while these animals mauled my tits and tweaked my nipples, I twisted
      and turned but they just laughed at me. Then their idea of fun, drying
      me by flicking towels at my naked body aiming at my most tender parts as
      I ran around the room squealing for their amusement all this before gagging
      me and retying my legs then leaving me on the bed to think about what was
      to come just so they could go back downstairs for more food and, as the
      big one said, more energy.    
Through out the night they visited me, sometimes one, sometimes
      two and once three, did they come for a chat, or play cards, no you fucking
      shit they came to have their sadistic fun with me. I was helpless not once
      did they untie my hands but I was bent in more positions than thought possible.    
I could only have slept for an hour, I was so exhausted but they
      didn't care I wasn't there for lively conversation I was there for them
      to fuck or worst of all being forced to fuck them. Sitting on their fat
      cocks as I bounced up and down, the speed determined by how fast they dragged
      my nipples about, or on my knees sucking them one after another, moving
      around our lounge sucking them over and over again and they wouldn't let
      me just suck them, oh no, it was down the throat or my little belt had
      a new use, that of making red marks on my already sore arse.   
I hope I'm not keeping you up, up is the word you little shit because
      that's all they did to me, kept it up, up my cunt, up my arse, against
      the wall, over the sofa, anywhere I could be fucked I was or sucking, god
      my mouth was so sore, cock after filthy cock ploughed in to my mouth and
      as for licking balls and arse's how cruel could you be?   
All day Saturday, in to the night and all today I have been used
      and degraded just because you thought I would like it, I can't even guess
      at how many times they fucked me and as for cocks in my mouth I must have
      swallowed a gallon of foul juice, well they've gone, they took food, drink
      and what ever money was in my purse, fucked me for the last time by roasting
      me twice, made it easy for me to free my hands but it took me an hour to
      get the stuff off my legs, oh yes just a last touch from your friends,
      they covered my cunt hair in that dam sticky tape you bought so I've had
      to cut my hair but it still hurt like crazy, so I hope your fucking proud
      of yourself for putting me through that."   
Darren came all over his robe, his cock spurting cum everywhere,
      his arm now very tired, while he had been listening he had jerked himself
      off twice, but that wasn't the end, she was still at it, "Well Darren what's
      it to be, can we sort this out, can we keep it a secret, I couldn't stand
      the shame of people knowing our name and what happened, I can see people
      pointing at us, that's Pauline you know the one her husband arranged the
      gangbang for, what's her loving husbands name, oh yes Darren."    
He snapped at her, "Well fancy my name being Darren but that's
      were the loving bit stops, this is room 417, you can never trust reception
      to get it right, now its your turn to shut up and listen. That sounded
      fun and I think I know who your Darren is but you aren't going to phone
      him or tell him anything tomorrow, no you will keep it quite and he will
      go away on the tenth because I want some of their fun so I am coming to
      visit you, Pauline Conrad, of Richmond Gardens on the tenth, and you better
      be home and alone, get plenty of food and drink in for the weekend, that's
      if you want your secret kept from that bloody Burbeck cuntry club.   
 Pagan.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





