BDSM Library - The Last Straw




The Last Straw
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife gets a lesson in discipline from her irate husband.
                                                    The last straw

James was fuming as he drove home from a long hard day at work. His wife Sue had
been home all day and he had tried to call her several times off and on all day,
only to get a constant busy signal. As usual on her day off she had spent it on
the computer. Gripping the steering wheel tightly in his grip he swung into the
hardware store. He was going to teach her a lesson she would never forget. He
loaded his cart with ropes, duct tape, and few clamps. He headed over into the
farm section. Selecting a riding crop he swished it through the air a few times
and then tested it on his hand. "Hmmmmm"he thought "this will work just fine."
He paid for his purchases ignoring the strange looks from the clerk and headed
out the door. As he pulled into the drive way he saw the computer room light go
off. "That bitch is just now getting off of there!" he said. He grabbed his bag
and walked into the house. Sue was sitting on the couch flicking through the
channels on the TV "Hi honey, How was your day" she said as he walked into the
room. "There is just nothing on T.V." "Like you would know" he grumbled at her.
"What's that supposed to mean!" Sue snapped. James grabbed his wife by the hair
and pulled her up off the couch, backing her against the living room wall. "Just
what have you done all day!" he yelled, pulling her hair harder. Sue screamed
and tried to pull his hands off of her head. "Let me go you crazy bastard!" she
screamed. James got right up in her face and smiled."Oh, I will let you go after
we have had a little chat." With her hair in his right hand and his bag in his
left he pulled her upstairs to their bedroom. He threw her on the bed tossing
the bag on the floor. She sat up looking at him with fear in her eyes. He had
never treated her like this before. "Sweetie, what is wrong?" she asked him,
tears forming in her eyes. "I have had just about enough of your slacking off on
the days you have off! You spend all freaking day on the computer and don't do a
damn thing around here!" He bellowed. "You are about to have a lesson that you
should have had along time ago!" "NOW GET UP AND STRIP!!" he ordered. Sue slowly
stood up and began removing her clothes. She felt her hands shaking and fumbled
with the hook on her bra. James grabbed her and tore the bra off of her. "OUCH"
she yelped. He sat on a chair and pulled her over his knee. "OH GOD
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" she pleaded. She had not had a spanking since she was a little
girl and could not believe he was going to do this. James grabbed her panties
and pulled them down to her knees. Sue was kicking and pleading with him not to
do this but he held her tight and put his right leg over her legs to hold her
still. "This is just the beginning." He told her. "I will not have a wife on the
computer all day!" "I want a clean house when I come home from work and I want
dinner on the table!" He raised his hand and landed it hard on her right cheek.
"DO YOU UNDERSTAND?" Sue yelped in pain "yesssssss oh please James, please don't
do this!" He landed another swat on her left cheek. Sue shrieked and covered her
ass with her hand. James pinned her arm to her back and proceeded to swat her
ass. Over and over he brought his hand down on her now crimson ass alternating
swats to each cheek and thighs. Sue was sobbing and pleading with him to stop.
"You won't want to sit in front of a computer by the time I'm finished with
you!" He stopped spanking her and tossed her on the floor roughly. Sue crawled
away from him with her ass feeling like it was on fire. She was sobbing and
gasping for breath. James got up and dumped the bag out on the bed. Standing
over her he picked up the rope. She looked up at him in horror. "OH MY GOD!" she
swallowed hard. Was he going to kill me she thought? "James....please ....I know
I upset you ...but ...to kill me!!" He chuckled at her thoughts. "I'm not going
to kill you...I love you but you may feel like dying after I am done with you."
"Now get on the bed and lay on your back" he said. Sue lay back on the bed
cringing as the pain seared through her welted bottom. James cut the rope into
four even lengths and began tying her left hand to the post on the headboard. He
then tied her right hand to the other post. Sue looked at him with fear. "Please
baby...please....I swear I will not do this again...I really have
learned...please." She begged him with tears in her eyes. James ignored her
pleas and proceeded to tie her left foot to the post on the foot board. He
grasped her right foot and spreading her legs wide tied it to the opposite post
on the footboard. He picked up the crop and said "Now the lesson will begin" He
ran the crop along the inside of her thighs and along her exposed clit. "OH GOD
JAMES" she cried "please nooooooooo" He raised the crop and brought it down hard
on her inside right thigh. Sue screamed in pain. "OWWWWWWWWWWW" She twisted and
strained at the ropes trying to escape the pain that was shooting through her
body. "I have decided that 25 swats to each thigh will do the job" James told
her. "NOOOOOOO PLEASE NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO" Sue screamed and struggled. "YOU
SON OF A BITCH" Sue yelled. "Let me goooooooooo...you can't do this to
meeeeeeeeeeee!!"James looked at his struggling wife and said "Oh and for cussing
another 25 swats to this sweet little clit"He raised the crop and began swatting
her thighs as hard as he could. Welts were beginning to rise and sue was crying
and struggling. The more she struggled the tighter the ropes became. She could
feel them cutting into her wrists. "For the love of god James" she sobbed
"please stop .let me go." "I have had it with your whimpering" James said. "You
have this coming and you are getting every last swat!" James tore a piece of the
duct tape off and put it on her mouth. Sue looked at him in terror. "Now we will
finish this part of the lesson" he said "and you WILL be silent!!"  He raised
the crop and began swatting her inner thighs. With each swat he saw the welts
rise. Sue had tears streaming down her face and she was struggling very hard
against the ropes. Sue had never felt such pain. Just when she thought she was
passing out James stopped this terrible pain and looked at her. "I am going to
let you compose yourself for the next part of this lesson" " I will not remove
the tape though and you will wear these on your nipples" Sue looked at what he
was holding in his hands and shook her head from side to side furiously. In his
hands were the clamps ...Sue had never imagined clamps on her nipples and was
terrified. As he clamped them on she let out a painful moan. James sat in the
chair and watched her moan and looked at the welts the crop had left on her
thighs. Looking at her spread out on the bed totally naked and welted and so
helpless turned him on. The more she moaned in pain the more aroused he got. He
walked over to her and ran his finger along her clit. She was wet!! "Well, Well,
I guess my pretty little bad wife likes her punishment." Sue moaned in response.
James ran the crop over her clit letting it slide inside just a bit. Sue raised
her hips slightly and James smiled. SMACCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK all of a
sudden he swatted her clit. Sue's body lurched and she let out a muffled scream.
He raised the crop and brought it down hard on her swollen clit five hard times.
Sue's body was shaking and she was moaning. She was tossing her head violently
from side to side and straining at the ropes. Her clit was red, swollen and felt
like it was on fire. Tears were streaming down her face and she felt like she
was going to die. James released the clamps from her nipples and she screamed
through the gag. "Well sweetie...Think you learned anything tonight?" Sue moaned
something through the gag and shook her head. James tore the tape off her mouth
and she burst into tears....sobbing and pleading... "I am sooooooooo sorry...I
swear...never ever again will I  spend all day doing nothing.....I will be a
perfect wife" James leaned down and kissed her on the lips ...licking the tears
from her eyes he smiled. "I know you will honey" " But just to make sure it
really sunk in I think you will stay like this until I get home from work
tomorrow night." And who knows.....this may just become your new sleeping
attire." He turned out the light leaving his wife to think about her new found
attitude and retired to the spare room for the night.

                          To be continued




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  angel


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





