BDSM Library - The Ergastulum




The Ergastulum
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An Ergastulum was a private prison attached to most ancient Roman farms where the slaves were made to work in chains. It was usually underground with the only light stemming from narrow slits that were too high from the ground to permit escape. The slaves confined in an ergastulum were forced by day to cultivate the fields in chains. This tale is an account of three Greek sisters who were subjected to great abuse in the depths of an ergastulum.
The Ergastulum

An Ergastulum was a private prison attached to most ancient Roman farms where
the slaves were made to work in chains. It was usually underground with the only
light stemming from narrow slits that were too high from the ground to permit
escape. The slaves confined in an ergastulum were forced by day to cultivate the
fields in chains.

Slaves who had displeased their masters were punished by imprisonment in the
ergastulum and subjected to terrible tortures. Slaves were often skinned alive.
Others were drained of blood, decapitated, or bound tightly, suspended painfully
and whipped to appease lustful citizens under the pretext of the desires of the
Roman gods.  A trustworthy slave had custody of the ergastulum, and was thus
called ergastularius.  These prisons came about in consequence of the conquest
of Italy by the Romans, and the great number of barbarous slaves who were needed
to cultivate the conquered lands and create a base of wealth for the Roman
citizenry. This tale is an account of three Greek sisters who were subjected to
great abuse in the depths of an ergastulum.


Having just arrived as a captive from a punitive raid on the Greek isle of
Rhodes, Adara's naked body was held down over a tall, sturdy wooden trestle
table.  Ankles apart, bound with thick cord to the inverted V formed by the legs
of the trestle; her slight body was stretched out horizontally.  Lying along the
filthy, wet wooden surface, head turned to one side at its far end, she dreaded
what was about to happen.  Her hands were roughly pulled down to the bottom of
the legs at the far end of the table and tied tight to metal rings in the legs.

"The matter that has concerned me lately," Master Galus had told his
ergastularius, "...has been these stories about slaves coming from these Greek
territories. A useless lazy lot that needs to be taught Roman discipline.  I
want them broken fully at the farm before I consider them for personal duty."

With these directions in mind, Kaeso, the ergastularius, clutched the handle of
a leather flagellum in his right hand and cracked it sharply through the air. 
Then, positioned properly behind Andara, he carefully took the end of the whip
in his left hand, pulling the lashes taught, and drew his arm back high in the
air above shoulder height.  Quickly, he snapped the whip down delivering the
straps straight across the girl's backside, coloring them with red lines tracing
her pale buttocks. She gave a scream followed by a quick intake of breath.

Kaeso stepped back, pausing, and waited for the pain to reach its peak, giving
time for the shock of the first blow to give way to dread anticipation of the
next, then lifted the whip high again and drove it down for a second time.  This
second more intense blow cut the flesh as the tips of the whip wrapped around
Andara's ribs. "AAAAAAARGH!"

"SILENCE!" Kaeso ordered.  "You will take your discipline properly." Kaeso's
words were followed immediately by a third vicious blow to Andara's buttocks
that deepened the ever-reddening rump and bringing forth a yelp.  Kaeso
repositioned himself to properly deliver a fourth blow that landed perpendicular
to the girl' body, tracing lines downwards from the bottom of her back to the
top of her left thigh.  Shifting again, Kaeso struck hard again on the back
bringing forward an anguished sob.

Kaeso paused a bit and contemplated his victim.  He thought that actually,
considering her circumstances-the trauma of capture, exhaustion from the long
voyage with little to eat-this Greek woman was enduring the flogging rather
well.  With that, the ergastularius drew another leather flogger that had been
soaking nearby in a bucket of brine.  This flagellum many straps were heavily
knotted at their ends.  He raised the dripping straps and dealt a sixth almighty
blow.  Andara bucked furiously writhing with the pain that peaked at an
unimaginable level expertly complimented by the salty liquid.

Suddenly, amid her sobs, Andara felt herself being untied and pulled to her feet
then immediately turned around.  Her back was now along the horizontal top of
the trestle, and through her teary eyes she stared at the ceiling.  Her hands
were pulled backwards, behind her head, and secured to the trestle legs and a
cord was thrown round her waist and tied off below to cinch her belly.  While
Andara labored for breath resticted by her position and bindings, Kaeso then
moved to her legs, bound each ankle to the top of the trestle legs at the near
end of the table, baring her most intimate parts.  Kaeso then took hold of the
now drying whip and administered severe punishment to her breasts.  Multiple
blows rained down on Andara's small glands.  The huge leather knots pummled her
nipples.  Andara's whole body writhed in absolute agony, but the ropes held her
tight as Kaeso continued to whip her with increasing strength across her most
intimate areas. The lashes to her inner thighs and pubic area brought Andara to
hysterics.  Abruptly the torment ceased.

"You'll receive 40 more lashes wench," Kaeso calmly commented.  "You needn't be
concerned about a sickness coming from the wounds as you'll be purified with
salt afterwards."  True to his word, following the beating, Kaeso rubbed course
sea salt into the Andara's broken skin while allowing Andara to freely scream.

Watching from nearby were Andara's two older sisters.  They were suspended from
the ceiling of the dimly lit, stuffy ergastulum.  They two were naked and hung
from rough-hewn posts that were tied to the backs of their shoulders.  Their
arms were pulled to the rear and passed over the posts with their wrists tied to
their ankles that were drawn up and behind.  The oldest of the siblings, Eris,
was but in her late 25th year but had already born five children.  While her
body still was nubile, her breasts were heavily milk laden after having given
birth just prior to her capture.  The other younger sister, Keres hung next to
Eris.  She had witnessed Andara's punishment with a bit of a gleeful demeanor
and faced her upcoming turn under the lash with little fear.  Keres was an
athelete and able to out wrestle most of the boys of her village.  She had
tasted pain during many competitions and knew she would bear it
stoically--especially better than her cow of an older sister and her twin
Andara.  Eris moaned loudly due to her weight bearing upon her shoulders. 

"Courage sister," whispered Keres, "Andaras is being taken from the table and
I'll be next.  By the time the ergastularius attempts to get a scream from me,
he'll be too exhausted to cause you any discomfort."

Eris only could moan again through closed eyes in reply.  Keres however watched
intently as Kaeso drug the unconsious Andara's to a vertical "T" similar to the
suspending apparatus that she and Eris swayed from.  Andara however would be
displayed fully extended on the structure.  Her limp form was quickly affixed
and the ergastularius strode toward Keres.  A viscous closed-handed fist rattled
Kere's head.  Kaeso struck her equally as hard three more times.  Stunned,
Keres, didn't realize she had been taken from her perch and tied to the whipping
table until the first blow ripped her back.  More blows quickly followed and
although the pain was wicked, Keres did not scream.  Again and again the lask
fell but Keres would not yield to the pain.  Soon, Kaeso removed her from the
table and repositioned her as he had Andaras with her breasts and sex fully
exposed.  The brine-soaked, knotted flagellum was then put into play and Kaeso
laid into the swings with seasoned expertise.  Agonizing fiery wounds erupted
along Kere's hardened body.  Still, no cries escaped her.  Breathing hard, Kaeso
changed position and skin targets several times but was unsuccessful in
achieving the Greek girl's verbal surrender to his prowess.

The whip stopped and Keres slumped into stifled sobs.  Suddenly, her eyes bulged
as her breath was extracted by a severe tightening of the rope around her waist. 
Kaeso then added more rope coils that encircled her chest and abdomen a dozen
times with each winding drawn excruciatingly tight.  Before he tied off the last
coil, Kaeso remarked,

"Breathe your last girl."  Closing her eyes, Keres drew in the dank air of the
ergastulum as much as possible.  She expelled it quickly though when Kaeso used
a gloved hand to place a red-hot ember on a bit of belly flesh exposed among the
coils of rope.  Unable to move enough to dislodge the cinder, Keres began to
panic, as she was unable to draw breath.  The scorching coal was blistering her
skin-Keres emitted a pitiful wail of agony.

"That's what I wanted girl," said Kaeso as he removed the coal and began to
loosen Keres's bindings.  "We'll test you yet again tomorrow.  Unfortunately, I
don't have time the big-titted one, I have a Persian to castrate.  But I think
in the interim, I'll hang you from her breasts."  Swiftly binding Keres's wrists
behind her, he led her to where her older sister was suspended.  Pulling her
bound arms behind her, he attached rope loops around the base of Eris's breasts. 
Moving quickly, he then raised Eris's tether until her distended bound breasts
pulled Keres up on her toes and both women spun nearly freely.  The pain to
Eris's shoulders was amplified by the weight of her sister on her breasts and
she began to bellow.  Her lactating glands leached milk that began to drip
heavily and run in rivulets down Keres's painfully extended arms.  With both
tormented wretches fully secured, Kaeso tweaked one of Eris's redenening teats
and left to attend to the Persian.

				End Part 1




The Ergastulum
Part 2

Neither Eris nor Keres were able to maintain any position that would alleviate
their suffering.  There were no solid surfaces to grip and the constant movement
continually pulled Eris's distressed breasts and shoulder joints while
ratcheting Keres's tortured arms.  Her sister's grunts and groans augmented
Eris's unrelenting howls.  Breast milk flowed freely down the ropes holding
Keres's wrists.  Eventually, the watery substance trickled down the younger
woman's arms, which she gratefully lapped to diminish her thirst.

Andara did not stir from her position draped across the structure nearby.  Keres
called to her between futile attempts to stifle her older sister's wails.  Keres
had no idea how long they had been suffering but by the amount of liquid pooled
near her feet, she guessed over an hour.  While not a strong woman, Eris had
always been a tremendous milk producer for her children.  Eris's arms and
shoulders were completely numb which was a good thing as it allowed her to quit
squirming and not pull at her sister's breasts.  Eris had quieted to just
emitting pitiful moans. Keres knew that when they were released, the pain of the
blood flow returning to normal would be agonizing for both women.  Keres felt
warm liquid gushing down her arms and recognized from the smell that Eris had
urinated.  She flinched as the urine swept over the place on her abdomen burned
earlier by the hot coal. Eventually, Keres voided and both women slid into a
semi-conscious state slumping in their bindings.

Andara was the first of the trio to awaken.  A deep-throated bawl stirred Keres
from the relief of a near pain-free stupor.  Surprised that her sister was still
alive, Keres croaked out her name.  Andara tilted her head toward the voice yet
her eyes would not open-sealed with dried blood.  Pulling herself up slightly to
draw breath, Andara fell back immediately due to the pain shooting throughout
her body.  The tears caused from this effort did succeed in moistening the
matting that sealed her eyelids.  Her gaze fell upon the terrible sight of her
two sisters tied so cruelly.

"K...K...Keres," she whispered through parched lips. "What has he done to you?"

"I received treatment similar to you sister," Keres replied in breathless tones.
"Eris so far has been spared the whip and searing coals but her engorged breasts
were too tempting a target and have endured much."  Having regained some sense,
Keres felt the returning pain of her suspension and began again using her toes
to find some purchase of the slick floor. The movement caused new aching
sensations to Eris's chest.  The additional excruciating constriction and
heaving ignited the tormented nerves and Eris's head flew back while emitting an
unearthly piercing shriek that filled the ergastulum.

Andaras called her oldest sister's name but there was no reply.  Eris just
stared wild-eyed straight ahead with her mouth frozen open in a horrible
contortion.  She saw how the coils of rope had transformed Eris's once alabaster
breasts into hideously misshapen, bluish-black balloons that even now discharged
her mother's milk.  Andara was at a loss for words at the hopelessness of their
predicament.  Speaking was too painful and what could be said?  The two
conscious women realized the need to conserve energy to survive their ordeal.
The atmosphere in the ergastulum was hushed save for the squeaks of rope on wood
and the groans of women in pain and fighting for relief from it.

What little light that entered the ergastulum began to fade and the oppressive
heat that simply added to the facility's captives began to thankfully lessen. 
Approaching footsteps alerted Keres.  Twisting to face the opening to the
chamber, Keres was not surprised to see the return of the ergastularius.  He
stopped near the entrance and surveyed the two women bound together noting the
older one's breasts resembled two ripe grapes ready for plucking.  Grasping
Keres around the waist, he cut through the ropes connecting her to her sister. 
Kaeso let her drop to the earthen floor dismissively.  While Keres writhed in
the dust, Kaeso loosened the ropes crimping Eris's teats.  He quickly stepped to
the pinion that held her aloft and dropped her also to the dirt.

"You," he ordered Keres with a nod toward Andara, "tend to the one on the
crosspiece.  You'll find water in the bucket yonder.  You may both drink your
fill."  The ergastulum knelt beside the near catatonic Eris and gently massaged
her breasts.  He simultaneously felt for the strength of her heartbeat and the
rate of her breathing.  After several minutes, he stood, satisfied that the
slave would eventually regain her physical vigor.  Her mental state was another
matter however.  If she lacked the fortitude to cope with basic indoctrination
discipline, she would not live a month in the ergastularium.  Kaeso strode
toward the two younger women who had draped themselves over the water bucket and
were gulping greedily.

"Finish here.  Use this balm on the other slave," Kaeso barked at Andara with
the tip of his sandal to her ribs for emphasis while tossing a leather balm bag
to the floor.

The twins slowly withdrew their drenched heads from the bucket.  Clutching the
balm in her hand, Andara began to crawl toward Eris while Keres attempted to
stand.  Her arms were useless-void of any sensations due to the extreme and
unnatural way they'd been bound.  She grunted furiously as she worked to find a
way to rise without her arms to provide leverage.  Kaeso, almost gently, pushed
her kneeling frame over so she landed prostrate.

Andara reached her older sister who had assumed a constricted fetal position. 
She was pleased to see that Eris's discolored chest was regaining a more natural
hue.  Andara stroked her sister's hair and pulled close to her face to listen
for signs of consciousness.

"Listen closely slaves," ordered Kaeso, while you tend to your wounds, I will
explain your billeting and give you instructions for tomorrow."

Keres's posture resembled that of a common garden snail.  While she was elated
that the feeling was returning to her arms and shoulders, the sensations were
miserable.  She could only thrash about in the dust next to her older sister in
an attempt to withstand the agony.  Andara was coping a bit better.  While she
too was bruised and cut, her joints had not enduring the wrenching her twin had
suffered.  Andara, still kneeling, began to gently massage the healing salve
onto Eris's battered torso. 

Kaeso continued, "You will find more water, olives, cheese and bread in your
cell.  Eat and drink all you're given-this is told to you but once.  Relieve
yourselves prior to entering your cell at the end of the day-this also will be
your only warning.  While in your cell, you may speak among yourselves-this is
the only place speech is allowed unless you're working as directed or given
permission to speak.  When I, or any of my assistants enter your cell you will
immediately drop to your knees.  I recommend you heed fully any orders given you
and react with haste.  I will be addressed as Ergastularius.  In the morning,
you will receive further discipline training.  Each day will be the same for you
here until I decide you are ready to enter the fields or domestic service.  The
duration of your training will be at my discretion.  Today you have seen only
this indoctrination chamber.  Soon, I will show you your cell.  En route, you
will see that the ergastularium is vast.  If you have any notion of escape, I
tell you now to dismiss it.  It will be impossible to escape my eye.  Should
Jupiter strike me dead, this labyrinth would consume you.  You were brought here
to serve the citizens of Rome.  That you will do until you die-you might
accomplish this servitude fairly agreeably and live a long while, or you can
never see the light of day again and die slowly in despair."

Eris sobbed deeply under the healing touch of Andara's kneading hands.  She had
regained full alertness in the middle of Kaeso's speech and the finality of his
closing brought home to the oldest of the women that their plight was bleak. 
Andara continued the massage while tears welled in her eyes and dripped on
Eris's chest.  Only Kersis, finally able to maintain some dignity to her
posture, retained a sense of defiance.  He was only a man, she thought.  And
this is just a place.  We will survive.

"Now to your feet wenches!" Bellowed the formerly calm Kaeso.  Hard kicks to the
girl's legs spurred them to their feet though on unsteady legs.  When the three
Greeks were upright, the ergastularius again assumed a composed demeanor.  "You
may hold onto each other for support,' he stated, "follow me to your cell."

Kaeso stepped off lazily toward a large heavily fortified wooden door.  As he
opened it, the voices of many could be heard in a pandemonium of shouts, screams
and laughter.  The new slave girls, clutching each other around their waists,
eased through the opening.  Kaeso stopped a few paces through the portal. 
Putting his hands on his hip, he addressed the women while keeping his focus on
the scene before them, "Look hard at these wretches least a similar fate befall
you."

Dozens of tar-soaked torches provided ample light to the terrible scene in the
large chamber.  Over a dozen horizontal wooden racks pulled at the limbs of
shrieking, naked men and women.  The dancing torchlight illuminated the sweat
soaked, bloodied bodies of victims and the flexing muscles of their antagonists
as they applied their craft.   Several of the racks were equipped with spiked
rollers on which the stretched victim had been forced to lie, feet tied at one
end, hands at the other.

"This man, said Kaeso pointing to a rack nearest him, "has been stretched
gradually for days.  The elongation of his miserable body is reported to be two
hands inches so far.  This is a result of dislocation of every joint in the
body."

As if on cue, a loud popping sound originated from the man mixed with a shriek
of agony and a futile cry for mercy in a language none of the women understood. 
They easily understood however the suffering he was enduring.  "Zeus help
him..." Andara asked her god muttering into her sisters' ears.

Kaeso extended an arm and pointed toward a vertical rack against the wall
opposite the doorway they entered.  Mounted to it was once, Keres thought, a
beautiful woman younger than her.  Her nose was missing.  A deformed and limping
ergastularius approached her racked and bleeding trunk with red-hot pincers. 
Smoke rose as the glowing metal implement was put to her breast.  Her horrific
scream continued unabated as the pincer bit into her nipple.  To enhance the
agony, the laughing Roman torturer twisted the tool to and fro.  Her howls only
rose when another, slightly less ugly ergastularius, applied another heated
pincer to her genitals.  As the implements cooled by the heat dissipating to
roast the flesh, her torment was increased by the rack's wheel being turned to
add tension on her torso.

Upon another platform, a man's intestines were slowly wound onto pulleys before
his dimming eyes.  At still another punishment station, a tall, thick vertical
post, a variety of Latin letters were being branded into the flesh of an old,
fat woman.  Another prisoner hung by her ankles while two Romans ripped at her
flesh with knives brandished in both hands.  Kaeso at last pointed to two women
and explained, "This day will be the last for all these slaves.  They failed to
learn from their initial discipline such as you Greeks have been given today. 
In the following weeks, they were too stupid or stubborn to appreciate their
agricultural and domestic training.  They have suffered much but still refuse to
submit.  Our mission here is not simply to inflict pain; rather, by having other
slaves, you among them, witnessing the administration of torment, we provide the
Masters disciplined workers.  These two await their fate."

In the center of the chamber, two women were bound to a horizontal
shaft-back-to-back--their bodies cinched tight to the wood.  Beneath them a fire
was being restoked.  "They will first be roasted then," Kaeso pointed to a table
along the wall to his right, "their charred skin will be peeled off before they
die."

A blacked body, unidentifiable as man or woman, was immobile in the dirt near
the fire pit.  As sheets of flaking skin were peeled, it was plain to the ears
that the burnt human indeed still lived.  Andara fainted when she accepted the
reality of this horrific scene.

"No person is deserving of such torture!" exclaimed Keres, "not slave nor
master!  You filthy Romans are mad! You are contemptuous!  You have no right to
an empire..."

Before the thought could be finished, an ergastularius seized Keres from behind. 
His powerful arms grabbed handfuls of hair and she was lifted off the floor. 
With a sharp intake of air, Keres reached up to grasp the arms to prevent her
hair from being ripped from her scalp.  Two other Romans took the remaining
sisters in a bear hug from behind and lifted them too from the ground.

Kaeso looked disappointed as he surveyed the suspended women.  Nodding at Eris
and Andara he ordered, "Take these two to their toilet then their cells.  They
will begin agricultural training at dawn.  This one," he glared at Keres, "will
spend her evening here...clamp her, run her until the moon rises then chain her
to Equis." He then turned to assist at a rack.

End Part 2




The Ergastulum
Part 3

	Eris and Andara begged their captors and Kaeso for mercy upon Keres. 
Their pleas were ignored as they were carried from the torture chamber and the
cacophony of screams faded with the closure of the massive door behind them.
	
	Keres could only grimace held aloft by her hair while being carried to a
nearby wall-mounted vertical rack.  After she was affixed to the stretching
engine, an oblong, bronze metal mass was forced into her mouth spreading her jaw
to an awful extent.  She was then racked tight by a stocky, smelly
ergastularius.  He hunkered down to turn the apparatus's winching mechanism that
quickly pulled Keres to her full extension.  To produce acute pain and prepare
her for the clamps, the Roman pushed hard into Kere's belly while giving the
winch an additional full turn.  He set the locking mechanism and called to Kaeso
that she was ready for him to apply the clamps.
	
	In the adjoining chamber, Eris continued to plead for her sister until
she and Andara were released at the entrance to the bath.  With a chuckle, the
largest of their brutish escorts cupped her milk-encrusted breasts and said,
"Don't worry mother, the stratigos," he referred to Kaeso sarcastically as the
general, "will be gentle."
	
	Eris responded with a quizzical look.  "A slave seldom is put to death
the first day," the Roman continued while caressing her bruised chest.  "The
clamps will of course hurt and the running will be exhausting.  He will not have
a fire started in the Equis so her time mounted to it will produce only
discomfort.  Now tend to your needs at the toilet and the bath.  I suggest you
hurry then to your cell to retrieve whatever food remains.  Agricultural
training will test your mettle and you will need your strength.  So get along
now."
	
	At that, the Roman bent to place his lips on her forehead.  He offered a
soft kiss before tapping his cohort to signify it was time to leave.  The
partner gently set Andara on the ground and left her with a sharp slap to her
buttocks.  The sisters immediately fell into each other's arms in shocked relief
for themselves as well as Keres.
	
	Keres strained to breath through her nasal passages due to the
constriction caused by the mass of metal in her mouth.  Kaeso arrived at her
side and fidgeted with a windless device at the end of the orb.  Keres felt the
object in her oral cavity beginning to expand.  The initial discomfort changed
to an excruciating, deep ache as her jaw was distended.  The throbbing seemed to
be running along the nerves from her mouth to her eyes, ears and down her neck
to radiate along the front and back of her shoulders.  Satisfied that she was
well aware of her pain, Kaeso abandoned the oral orb and gathered the implements
for clamping her breasts.  Kaeso was an experienced expert of the breast clamps. 
He understood the physics of setting the pairs of serrated metal strips to dig
deeply and painfully into the flesh.  His knot tying skills and flax he used
ensured that the strips would not yield their purchase.  He applied the clamps
with the victim racked and extended so when released, flesh would envelop the
metal and guarantee no slippage.  If left on long enough, Kaeso wondered while
cinching the thin cords, the flesh would probably grow around the clamps
absorbing them permanently. 
	
	Keres glowered though pain-induced slits of eyes as she felt the stabs
in her breasts.  The needle-like teeth running up the bases of both sides of
both breasts brought tears to her eyes.  Soon similar sensations were emitting
from first the left nipple and then the right.  Within seconds, her whole chest
felt as if it were on fire with the terrible burning amplified as Kaeso began to
cinch the eight pairs of clamps tightly together.   Kaeso finished the bindings
and stood back to check his work.  The Greek girls's torso was a mass of
contorted, skin-piercing shiny strips with dozens of sharp metal points digging
into dimpled flesh.  Spots of blood appeared at various places among the steel
and flax matrix as the clamps did their job.  Satisfied with the quality of his
effort, Kaeso began to loosen Keres's extension upon the torture frame.  As her
body's tension was relieved, her slackening skin filled the peaks and valleys of
her clamped chest so when her torso returned to a normal extension, her trunk
had the appearance as that of a leper's-pocked, puckered and misshapen.
	
	Kere's had abandoned all thoughts of resistance and her full mental
capacity was focused on dealing with pain.  Her awful racking, engorged mouth
with the anguish it produced, and the misery dancing about her chest became her
universe.  A pinch of her nostrils brought her eyes wide open.
	
	"Good, I see you are alert," Kaeso whispered.  His face was only inches
from hers as he gently stroked her contorted face.  "I have other orbs that may
be inserted into your nether orifices.  The anal implement is particularly
uncomfortable when you're run.  I wonder if your attitude would benefit from it? 
And the device for your vagina can hold various things such as stinging plant
leaves, burning embers, insects, and indeed small biting animals.  Now Greek, it
is up to you.  Will you submit?"
	
	A flood of tears welled up in Keres's eyes spilling free as she blinked
to clear her vision.  Kaeso touched a rough hand to the area of her tortured
left breast and she nodded acquiescence to his question.
	
	"Good," Kaeso replied to her surrender.  "I will not insert the other
orbs...this time.  You will be unbound now and a beam affixed across your
shoulders behind your neck.  Your wrists will be tied to the ends and the beam
secured with rope front and back so it cannot be dropped.  The beam is quite
weighty but I know you're a spirited, strong bitch and can manage.  Gylo, a
comrade of mine, will then run you throughout the ergastularius.  We have a
little time until the moon appears.  I hope you make an impressive showing
during your run.  If Gylo is awed with your attitude and vigor, perhaps you may
be spared spending the night aboard equis."
	
	Several chambers away, Eris and Andara had completed bathing with
roughly 20 other slaves of both sexes and several nationalities.  Their first
appearance at the bath was met with many faces that seemed to exhibit welcoming
expressions sympathetic to the many marks on their bodies.  Although advised not
to dawdle, the women reveled in the warm, clean water and soap to cleanse the
dirt accumulated over the last week since their abduction.  When finally their
growling stomachs reminded them to eat, they emerged from the bath.  A tall,
black female slave touched Eris's back and motioned for them to follow her.  The
three clean, naked women padded through the large bath area and down a long
partially lit hallway.  The flickering light reveled many cells on either side
of the passage.  The cells were dark with the exception of the one the Nubian
woman eventually directed them into.  As they entered, the guide stepped to the
torch held in the wall and returned to the Greek sisters holding the burning
light aloft.

	"My name is Lena," said the woman is stilted Greek.  "I'm a slave like
you but from Egypt and have been here for five years.  I've earned the position
of domestic guide and am entrusted to conduct the orientation of new arrivals. 
I know you've been through quite a bit since you were taken from your homes and
I will be available to help get you through the confusing first days."

	"Oh Lena," sighed Andara as she embraced her.  "I thank the Gods for
you.  I'm Andara of Rhodes, middle daughter of the merchant Seltos.  This is my
older sister Eris.  My twin sister has been left in the first chamber with the
ergastularius called Kaeso.

	With a slow shake of her head, Lena mustered, "That is indeed
unfortunate.  While Kaeso should cause her no debilitating damage, her time in
that chamber will be very painful and she'll have no rest before beginning her
training tomorrow.  Was she insubordinate?"

	"She was shocked at the cruelty," answered Eris "and she verbally
expressed it."

	Lena smiled, "She will survive then-if she learns from the treatment. 
Meanwhile, you two must eat and then sleep.  Lena surveyed the naked women and
added, "You are both lovely but you look like you suffered much today.  She
gently caressed Andara's cheek and Eris's shoulder.  "I will be by for you in
the morning."

	"What can we expect for the morning Lena? Queried the sisters fearfully
and nearly in unison.

	Lena knelt and directed them to begin eating while she would explain. 
The sisters were surprised at the goodly amount of fruit and bread available and
began eating eagerly while Lena talked."

	"It will be as hard as you can imagine.  Agricultural training is very
physically demanding," she began.  "You will run nearly continually as well as
deal with many obstacles and heavy implements.  As I am before you, you will
always be naked.  Our Roman masters insist on this so no weapons can be
concealed easily nor contraband smuggled.  Also, they appreciate our exotic
beauty and of course, being naked is an arousing vision for them--if we maintain
our beauty.  To keep us appealing, adequate nourishment and baths are always
provided, unless one is being punished.  Also, you'll find lotions and salves
always available in the cells to tend to wounds, protect you from the sun and
wind and keep your skin healthy.  Our Roman sun is unrelenting this time of the
year so salve is provided during the day when you are assigned to the fields. 
All in all, other than being at the beckon call of any free Roman, survival is
certainly possible and can be not unpleasant."

	Unfortunately, Keres did not have the advantage of hearing Lena's
speech.  The little air she could inhale with the huge metal sphere in her mouth
kept her in a panic and forced her lungs to labor.  Her body was demanding
oxygen as she ran around the perimeter of a large, circular arena.  The wooden
beam pressed heavily open her shoulders and abraded them with every footfall. 
The ropes holding the beam to her ran around her torso and aggregated the
punishing clamps embedded in her chest.  A Roman on horseback trotted along her
letting his whip sting her whenever she would begin to slow her pace.  "Faster
woman" was all he ever shouted while putting the lash on varying parts of Keres. 
Her jog would then become a trot and with more strikes of the whip, a sprint
until pain and a lack of air would begin again to take its toll.

	Thirst soon began to be an added irritant and Keres wondered how much
longer this could continue before she fainted.  The whip spurred her on when her
gait slowed.  Sweat drenched her from forehead to ankles amplifying the slapping
sounds as the whip found its mark on her wet skin.  It was difficult to see with
her mouth so extended, her chest bound unnaturally, the weight on her back, and
sweat streaming into her eyes.  Fortunately, the arena's ground was well packed
and level-no doubt due to all the others forced to run as punishment-so she
maintained her footing.  On and on she went--faster and slower with the ever
present whip always inspiring her to keep moving. 

	"Stop girl," the horseman finally shouted.  Keres crashed immediately
and painfully into the dirt struggling to keep her nose out of the dust.  The
beam across her shoulders kept her from finding a comfortable position.  She
forced her breathing to slow and become rhythmic while sweat and mucous dripped
from her nostrils to the dirt an inch below.

	"Well slave," came Kaeso's voice from behind and above her.  "Gylo has
run many a slave here and indeed was impressed by your performance."  Kaeso
knelt next to her and began to remove the ropes holding the beam.  Blessed
relief came as he flipped the wood free and her arms dropped to her sides. 
Kaeso continued, "You have earned spending the night with your sisters.  I am
not cruel for cruelty's sake.  I have a job to do and it is to break you.  If
you heed me and abide by direction, you will live.  You are attractive enough to
merit domestic service eventually...if you adjust your demeanor."

	Keres heard little of Kaeso's lame attempt to sooth her.  Still starved
for air, she was mostly unaware as he helped her to her feet and carried her
limp body from the arena.  She only heard little of the cries of anguish as
Kaeso returned her to the torture chamber and reattached her to the vertical
frame.  When she was firmly attached then stretched out, Keso loosened and
removed the metal from her mouth.  She was only minimally extended-just enough
to pull her flesh away from the metal shards in her breasts.  Keres gulped in
huge amounts of air and tried in vain to work her jaw that had locked open from
muscle cramps.  When Kaeso had untied the last bit of flax, he gingerly plucked
the metal implements from her chest then turned his ministrations to massaging
her jaw.  When her jaw cramps abated, Keres slumped into an exhausted sleep as
Kaeso's huge warm hands slathered with soothing ointment brought ecstasy to a
body formerly peppered with pain.




The Ergastulum
Part 4


	Blessed, pain-free oblivion slowly retreated with shouts to wake from
the hallway outside the Greek sister's cell.

	"Toilet and then to the fields slaves!" came the shouts from each naked
and freshly oiled ergastularius as he or she jogged the corridor ringing the
cell bars with their crops.  "Move or it'll be the worse for you!"

	Andara was the first to stir and her initial movements proved painful as
her muscles and tendons rebelled against being disturbed.  A long groan emitted
from the girl as she gingerly pulled herself into a sitting position.  "Eris,
she croaked through her parched throat, "Wake up sister-hurry!  We must be
ready!"  Andara was thrilled to see her older sister's breasts had regained
their natural shape following her abuse the night before.  Unfortunately, her
skin was terribly discolored from the deep bruising she'd suffered.  Andara took
a moment to check her own wounds when she was startled to see Keres asleep, flat
on her back, next to her.

	"Oh Keres!  You're here!  We'd thought you were gone...dead under the
horrible torture!"  Keres's eyes fluttered and her head turned toward the voice
beckoning her awake.  Andara leaned in close and tenderly peppered her twin's
face with joyful, soothing kisses.  Eris soon joined the girls in a joyful,
though restrained reunion.  Their aching bodies prohibiting any robust embraces.

	As they cuddled, Lena arrived at their cell and turned the
well-lubricated lock to enter.  Her naked ebony body glistened with perfumed
oil.  Ornamental gold chains encircled her neck, wrist, waist and ankles.  Large
bejeweled golden rings hung from pierced earlobes and nipples.  Eris was the
first to notice Lena had joined them and nodded to her sisters to take notice.

	Lena began in a low, serious voice:  "Women, I know you are exhausted
and terribly raw but please draw upon every ounce of pride and strength you can
muster to take on this first training day.  Listen to what you're told and
execute commands immediately.  Your speed in responding will be of greater
importance than the skill in which you carry out the orders.  When you think you
can go on no longer, pray to your gods to help see you through.  Your demeanor
today will dictate how your remaining training is conducted.  Indeed, it will
determine if you live or die.  I will attempt to visit you during the day. 
Remember, once we leave this cell; do not speak unless so ordered.  Attend to
your toilet quickly so you will arrive at the training arena on time.  Lena bent
to encircle Eris and Andara's waist to help them to their feet.  Still too
groggy to sit, the sisters then assisted Keres up as well.  Lena gently steered
the three sisters in silence from their cell to the toilet area adjacent to the
bath then toward the first day of training. 

	"I know you'll do well today," Lena said as they hustled through the
corridor.  "Hold your tongues and use your energy to accomplish tasks - not to
fight the Romans.  Here, you are but slaves and cannot win.  Keres was finally
alert enough to begin to ask Lena how she could be so docile.  However, as she
began to speak, her jaw cramped from the contortions the bronze orb had
generated just hours before.  Lena chuckled a bit as she tenderly stroked
Keres's grimacing face.  "Just as well you can't speak - your mouth has caused
you enough trouble already."  We're here," Lena said as the women arrived at
another massive bolted wooden door.  "When I open this portal, run with all the
speed you can muster.  It is a large arena so don't be concerned about the
direction you go.  Run as fast as you can.  Follow the others until my sister,
Simban, tells you to stop.  She is in charge of training new arrivals.  Simban
is an outstanding trainer and pleases our masters by getting results quickly. 
Unfortunately, while effective, she is cruel.  Remember my instructions...now
run!"

	Lena pushed open the heavy door and the sisters sprinted wild-eyed into
the arena.  Their aching bodies fought against each raised leg and every swing
of the arms.  Skin abrasions, which had scabbed over during the night, were
reopened and clear tissue fluid seeped free.  Arms pumped furiously as the women
ran into the huge arena.  Instinctively they veered to the right to follow the
outline of the massive ring.  Many other naked people were running in different
directions in the arena.  Several groupings of men ran in lockstep carrying
large timbers held out straight above their heads.  Women ran balancing water
filled skins on their heads and others with timbers across their shoulders. 
Some were unadorned and some bore metal weights held to their breasts with rings
piercing their nipples.  Trainers, who as necessary, spurred them on with short
whips.  All in the arena were drenched with sweat and mucous from the extreme
physical exertion.  Dust was ever present in a cloud generated by the many pairs
of feet hammering the ground.  The runners' perspiration did little to settle
the dust as it evaporated from the heat as it the ground.  The addition of urine
and feces also didn't help; indeed it made proper footing treacherous.

	The air was strangely silent except for the wheezing of racers trying to
catch their breaths.  Only one person remained still.  Lena's sister Simban held
a place in the middle of the arena observing the runners in a casual yet
concentrated manner.  Unlike her trainees, Simban was not naked but wore a
pleated half tunic made of white starched linen.  Like her sister however,
Simban was beautiful.  She was bare-chested showing taut ebony skin that bore
the marks of many whippings.  Simban evaluated her three newest charges from her
vantage point in the middle of the immense ring.  Two appeared to be twins. 
They ran gracefully and, obviously as Lena had instructed, very fast.  They were
slim with long wavy black hair.  Nice breasts but little hips-somewhat boyish
she thought.  The third, slightly older sister was certainly a fully developed
woman.  Her gait was as one of having born children-wide hips and a rolling,
sensuous stride.  She was a bit plump with enormous breasts that appeared to
have been very beaten.  The Greek sisters maintained their rapid pace until they
had circled out of Simban's view.  Keres then reduced her speed from a full
gallop to a fast trot.

	"Save your strength sisters," Keres gasped.  "We don't know how long
this will go on."  Eris crossed her arms over her chest to still her pendulous
breasts.  Andara was fascinated by the sights in the arena and did not hear
Keres's advice to decelerate.  She was startled when a naked man wielding a crop
joined the pace along side her.  "Where...who...?"  Andara stammered.

	The crop landed on her shoulders, "No talking slave!  Run!" bellowed the
ergastularious and administered another whack to punctuate his order.  Andara
tuned to the front and picked up her pace breathing deeply through her mouth.  A
stocky male trainer had joined the jogging Keres who was prodded to pick up her
pace.  Eris grasped her chest tightly to spare further breast pain and soon fell
behind.

	"You!" Simban shouted pointing at Eris, "approach."  Swallowing hard,
Eris veered from her path and vectored toward Simban.  Keres began to head in
the same direction but was redirected with two rapid blows to her rump.

	As she approached Simban, she was ordered to halt.  Standing before her
with crossed arms she bent forward gasping for breath and trying to control the
urge to heave brought on by the exertion. 

	"Stand straight slave," Simban ordered, "and keep your arms to your
side!"  Eris did as directed but could not still the rapid breathing now
exacerbated by fear.  "Your name slave," Simban said almost politely.

	With a measure of pride, Eris looked to Simban and responded, "I...I am
Eris, madam.  Daughter of..."

	"Silence!" Simban bellowed with a slap to Eris's belly.  "You have no
family-you have no heritage!  You are a slave in the Roman Empire!  Hands behind
you back, eyes toward the heavens!"  Eris immediately complied.  Staring
skyward, Eris flinched as smooth hands touched her breasts. 
	
	"You will address me as Lordess you Greek whore!  When you run, your
arms will always be at your side.  These teats must never be concealed." 
Quieting a bit, Simban gently massaged Eris's mammary glands with both hands
while continuing her lecture.  "Your breasts must always be on display.  My
sister told me that these endured much torment yesterday.  That's a pity as they
are very lovely."  Simban increased the intensity of the manual manipulation,
drawing whitish fluid from the nipples and added, "Aha!  A breeder!  These great
teats are laden with milk.  No doubt emptying them will reduce their weight and
your discomfort while running."  A powerful squeeze to both breasts punctuated
by sharp fingernails brought a wail from Eris.   Simban dug her nails deep into
the damaged tissue then quickly drew her hands away raking the breasts and
leaving minute tracks of blood on Eris's skin.  Upon release, Simban
administered a slap across to Eris's cheek.  "To your knees slave!  Hands locked
behind your head and spine straight!" Simban ordered.  Eris complied quickly as
her knees dropped onto the packed dirt. 
	
	"Gylo," Simban ordered, "bring...that slave."  Simban had identified a
Mongolian woman of 30 or so years.  She ran alone with sloshing water buckets in
two hands.  Gylo motioned to the woman called Xua, who jogged toward Simban and
dropped to her knees before the kneeling, tearful Eris.
	
	"Slave, draw this mother whore's milk." Simban ordered.
	
	Xua moved quickly to Eris's chest and began suckling her right breast. 
Simban gave Gylo a nod and he moved behind Eris.  Eris's hands dropped and she
drew back as Xua's lips contacted her nipple.  At this movement, Gylo unleashed
two rapid back and forth blows of his whip along Eris's shoulders.
	
	"Do not move whore!" Simban bellowed.  "Hands behind your head!  Flinch
again and I'll have tose teats bound so tightly they burst!"  Eris quickly
returned to her position as Xua returned to the breast.  Grateful for the
liquid, Xua grasped Eris's breast with both hands and massaged it to express the
maximum amount of warm, sweet milk possible.  Powerful sucking was accompanied
by nipple gnawing to further stimulate the flow.  Xua had been ordered to do
this many times before.  While it was at first repugnant, she learned that it
was necessary for survival.  The more enthusiastic she acted in accomplishing
this humiliating task, the easier became her treatment.  She found too that if
she feigned the suckling activity as erotic, her harsh treatment lessened even
more.  Xua arched her back, swayed her rump, and made contented murmuring sounds
as she swallowed Eris's bodily fluid.  Soon, Xua moved to the left breast to
draw from it.
	
	Eris remained motionless while suffering the degradation and discomfort
of having another woman at her breast while surrounded by laughing Romans in a
massive, filthy arena of pain.
	
	Eventually Simban ordered Xua to stop and directed her to return to her
running.  Wiping her mouth, Xua gently patted Eris's quivering hips in a sign of
regret and empathy as she rose and raced away. 
	
	Gazing at Eris, Simban said, "I imagine a great load has been taken from
you slave.  I trust you'll be able to continue your training with the proper
posture now.  I believe you enjoyed the Mongol's ministration at the nipples. 
Perhaps you'd wish to pleasure another in return for the kindness I've granted
you."
	
	Eris looked up at Simban with a horrified expression, "Please
Lordess...No!  I've been humiliated enough!"
	
	"I did not give you permission to speak slave.  And your ungrateful
attitude is displeasing.  Have you learned nothing yet?  Now use you mouth to
pleasure me...or be racked-I give you the choice."
	
	Eris paled at the notion of a racking and knew it would be
agonizing-certainly more painful than what she was being ordered to do.  She
straightened herself but remained on her knees and hobbled to Simban.  She
attentively kissed Simban's knees and thighs.
	
	"Now between my legs slave," Simbian directed as she stepped to spread
her legs apart to allow Eris access.
	
	Forcing down rising bile, Eris extended her neck under Simban's tunic
until her lips made contact with moist nether hair.  Slowly, Eris pushed through
the moss and nibbled on the wet folds of skin beneath.  Several moments passed
before Simban ordered Eris to extend her tongue.  Resigning herself, Eris did as
she was told and probed Simban's warm, musky cleft knowing she must appear eager
to please.  Simban remained in a widespread stance smiling down at the slave
between her legs.  "You're doing well woman."
	
	With those words, Eris relaxed a bit and decided to attempt to force
Simban to climax so the ordeal would end.  As her shoulders slumped and her
tongue and lips became more kinetic, Simban's head rolled back somewhat and her
juices started to flow heavily.  Eris lapped what she could and increased the
pressure on Simban's clitoral nub periodically thrusting her tongue deep into
the black woman's cavity.  Simban reached down to snug Eris's head into her
groin.  Eris's own body began tingling as she worked her tongue.  The exhaustion
that permeated her battered body, coupled with having Xua suck her breasts had
combined to stimulate her deep sexual feelings.  Faster and faster Eris worked
her mouth until Simban shuddered and her legs shook.  A gush of liquid flowed
through Eris's parted lips.  Now with a sheen or pleasure induced perspiration,
Simban then began to straighten allowing her legs to come together and push
Eris's head away.
	
	"Finally whore you are able to conduct yourself properly," said a
slightly breathless Simban.  "Now stand up slave.  I recommend that unless you
wish to spend tonight hanging by your teats, you rejoin the others and let those
udders swing free.  Now run!  Faster cow!"  Sambian yelled after Eris until she
picked up her pace. 

	The sisters were now distributed among the multitude of sweating,
panting bodies throughout the arena and had lost track of each other.  Their
escorts punished a stumble or slowing with blows to any accessible body part. 
Andara had vomited twice but was not allowed to stop to rest.  Her chest, groin
and legs were covered in bile.  Keres sprinted unrelentingly making it difficult
for her escort to keep up.  She ran with her eyes barely open.  Supreme mental
concentration centered on only continuing.
	
	Eris ran with the throb in her damaged chest from the jostling breasts
that kept her weeping.  The sprints continued.  Others had fallen -stumbling
over a rock or slipping in feces--and attempted to regain their footing as whips
repeatedly struck.  Some lay motionless-unconscious or writhing in exhausted
surrender as the whips rained down.  After an untold time, a trumpet blared and
all except the Greek sisters immediately fell mid-stride into the dirt.

	An ergastularius barked at the three standing women, "Drop slaves-rest
now!"  The sisters gratefully fell to the earth in panting heaps.  After several
minutes, a trumpet again sounded and the slaves slowly rose and began a slow
shuffle to a wagon that entered the arena.  Andara was overjoyed to see barrels
of water being unloaded from the cart and that slaves were being allowed to
drink.  Keres touched Andara's shoulder directed her vision behind to where Lena
was talking with Simban.  Eris arrived at a grounded barrel and quaffed large
handfuls of the welcomed liquid.  As Keres also drank her fill, Lena arrived at
her side.

	"Don't talk, just listen.  My sister was impressed with your endurance
and determination.  If you can maintain the remainder of the day, I think she
will get you to the fields immediately.  This is unusual-slaves normally remain
in training for at least two weeks.  Best wishes my friend."
	
	Keres smiled at Lena as she drank deeply.  As the hydration frenzy
continued, the sisters were able to maneuver to regroup.  With the slurping to
drown out her voice, Eris whispered, "I cannot go on sisters.  I was forced to
taste the sex of another woman and have a barbarian suckle me.  The humiliation
is unbearable.  And the pain in my breasts is terrible.  Simban told me if I
faltered again, she would hang me by them-I will die here today."
	
	"Hush," hissed Keres. "You're still alive and able to complain aren't
you?  So you were humiliated!  How can that be?  We are all stripped naked and
urinating and defecating and vomiting!  What is left to cause embarrassment? 
You must ignore these things Eris.  You must live for us and your children!"
	
	Strong hands grabbed Keres around the neck and swung her around to face
a glowing Simban.  "I had hopes for you sweet slave, said Simban with a shake of
her head.  "You're physical endurance was impressive.  However, now you chatter
away like an African parrot well aware that you are forbidden to speak."  Keres
was unable to retort as the rough hands of an ergastularious choked her. 
"Perhaps you have not been properly run today and you just have too much energy
to stay still.  We'll take care of that...Gylo!  Pierce and weight her."  As
Gylo drug Keres to toward the wall surrounding the arena, Simban added, "When
she's properly affixed Gylo, have her pull the sled for three rotations."
	
	With a few minutes, three other Romans had joined Gylo in holding Keres
spread-eagled against the arena's wall.  A man approached her wielding a long,
pointed metal rod.  He pinched her nipple tightly and began to bury the rod's
sharp end into her skin.  Keres began to scream and as she did, the rod
punctured her skin and pierced her long, dark hard nipple.  The rod was pushed
through and replaced by a thick silver ring that was inserted through the wound. 
The Roman then inserted the rod into her other nipple.  Keres gasped at the
sizzling pain and bucked wildly against her captures but to no avail.  With her
breasts skewered and the rings in place, Keres had her hands buckled together in
leather behind her and then allowed to fall into the dirt.  She wailed and
writhed miserably at the pain in her breasts.  Suddenly she was lifted from both
sides and held before the grinning Gylo.
	
	Holding dark metal hoped objects before Kares he teased, "These lead
weights will be affixed to both rings slave.  They will be increased each time
you stop the forward movement of the sled.  Initially, each teat will hold a
half of a pound."
	
	Gylo fastened the lead pieces to the rings as promised-first the right
nipple, then the left.  Attempting to straighten against the pain and pressure,
Keres felt a wooden handle forced into her hands to her rear.  She noted through
her anguish that the handle was being bound to the leather encasing her wrists. 
Once finished attaching the sled, Gylo again stepped before Keres.  "You are now
the engine for the 200 pound sled behind you.  At my command, begin running.  If
you falter, you'll taste the whip, should you stop, weights will be added at
each piercing point and poundage added to the sled.  You will circle the arena
three times before you will satisfactory complete this task-I advise you not to
fail.  Go!"
	
	Gylo's flagellum lashed out onto Keres's painful breasts and then again
across her belly before she could establish enough torque to begin forward
motion.  The friction of the heavy sled settled in the dirt behind her had to be
overcome before she could move.  Her legs pumped hard and her sore, blistered
feet churned the dirt as the whip urged her on.  Her weighted nipples jiggled
furiously as she leaned forward to gain purchase on the ground and over come the
sled's inertia.  More blows to her back gave the strong Greek woman the extra
will to finally break the sled free and begin her three circuits of the arena.
	
	As she moved away, Simban ordered an end to the slave's watering period. 
"Run them again in pairs now Gylo, Larger carrying the smaller then reverse." 
	
	The whip fell upon Keres repeatedly until she had gained enough momentum
to satisfy Gylo.  Gasping under the load and at the pain in her breasts, she
trotted as fast as possible.  The lead affixed to the nipple rings added
buoyancy to her breasts and until she could establish a rhythm, caused her great
distress.  Based on her many years experience in racing on Rhodes, she estimated
the arena was at least a half mile in circumference.  She's run much greater
distances in the past of course, but not in this exhaustive and punished
condition.  Every bit of her body had been stretched, abraded, whipped and cut. 
Her muscles, joints and tendons ached from her head to her calves.  The soles of
her bare feet were raw from the constant friction of the runs.  She was nearing
the end of her first lap when the flat-bottomed sled behind her hit a rock and
grounded its nose into the dirt and stopped her cold with a painful shock to her
shoulders.

	Keres struggled to dislodge the sled from the slight trench it had
created against the stone but Gylo arrived at her side quickly.  "Be still
slave, " he commanded.  Facing her, Gylo grasped Keres by the neck and gently
massaged it while leaning in close to her sweating face:  "You are indeed a
hearty wench Greek.  These additional weights will cause you pain but I doubt
they'll slow you."

	Shaking her head to clear her sweat-covered face of matted hair, Keres
spat a mouthful of mucous mixed with bile on the ground next to Gylos's sandaled
feet.  Heedless of the consequences, she whispered, "You are correct Roman, I
will survive whatever you might make me endure to satisfy your demented sense of
superiority."  Still close to her, Gylo spoke, "Woman, what in the name of
Jupiter consumes you?  You fail to realize you are a slave now.  It is not up to
me, Simban, Kaeso, or any of us here in the ergastulum to offer you release. 
We're not here training you of our own volition.  We too are slaves-born in this
condition or sentenced to it as a result of the loss of citizenship.  If we fail
to obey our orders or not succeed in training you into complete submission-we
and our families will suffer as you do or be executed-we have no choice woman."

	Keres spat again at the ground and responded to Gylo with labored
breathing and a defiant scowl.  Sighing, Gylo fished for more lead rings in the
pouch of his tunic.  He had the option of adding a full pound to Keres's nipples
but instead, chose the half-pound weights.  He made sure Keres saw that he
picked the smaller weights.  Gently Gylo cupped her moist left breast and
attached the additional lead.  Equally gently, he lowered it and then saw to the
right breast.  "You are carry a full pound at each nipple woman.  Should you
stop again, I will have no choice but to add another full pound each.  If you
halt a third time, the weight added may pull the rings through the nipples and
you'll have to be re-pierced."

	"That will not happen Roman," Keres replied, "I swear to Apollo I will
kill you or make you kill me before I will be pierced again."  In a tone of
barely hidden admiration, Gylo replied, "Then ensure you complete your circuits
slave-both our families would miss us I'm sure."  Gylo ambled toward the sled
and lifted it from its stuck position.  "The sled is free slave.  You may
proceed." 
	
	Unhesitatingly, Keres's legs began pumping with renewed vigor.  She
leaned forward and with quivering arms stretched behind her, began accelerating. 
Gylo jogged behind immediately behind.  Soon Keres completed the first circuit
and was heartened that she had figured out the proper stance to generate the
least resistance to the dead weight of the sled.  She had found the proper pace
to cause only slight discomfort from her weighted breasts and other than the
burning sensation caused by the actual piercing, she wasn't suffering too badly.

	Her second lap proceeded well without her feeling the lash.  As she
entered the third and final lap, she saw her sisters come within view.  They
were aboard the backs of two male slaves who jogged slowly under the additional
burden.  Having developed a suitable pace, Keres took the opportunity to gaze at
others within the arena.  All were trotting with another on their back.  Most
had a larger person beneath them but several tiny women were carrying much
bigger men.  These small wretches were suffering mightily under the whip. 
Kerses soon passed several stumbling couples and was excited at the prospect of
having but a half of a lap to complete.  She then noticed Simban approximately
50 yards away and standing directly in her path.  Keres pumped her legs to veer
to the left to avoid her but Simban ambled into the new path.  Again attempting
a different course, Keres angled to the right but Simban moved into that vector
as well.  Keres was quickly closing and unconsciously picked up her pace to gain
momentum.  Not totally sure how to proceed, Keres gazed back over her left
shoulder with a questioning expression toward Gylo.  Gylo simply shrugged his
shoulders.  At approximately 25 yards, Keres chose to proceed on course. 
Breathing hard, she dug in with each footfall and barreled straight ahead. 
Through eyes stinging with sweat, Keres glanced up and saw that Simban was still
directly before her-standing with legs spread and arms crossed-she was not going
to move.  At the last possible moment, Kerses adjust her trajectory as much as
her load would allow and crashed pass Simban with just a glancing blow. 
Suddenly Keres arms were racked back as the weight she hauled increased.  Still
running hard, she glanced back to see Simban had jumped onto the sled as it
passed.  Keres was unprepared for this move and her momentum slowed until she
was barely making forward progress.
	
	"Slave!  Keep up the pace," Simban bellowed and added the lash to
Keres's back.  Keses shouted in pain as Simban's whip's many lead-tipped lashes
ripped into previously damaged flesh.  Grunting loudly, Keres hammered the
ground hard realizing it would be nearly impossible to restart the sled should
she ground to a halt.  Again Simban's vicious lash cut into her back and Keres
screeched in reaction.  Keres dug into her soul to draw upon any remaining
strength in reserve to keep the sled moving.  Mounted couples jogged past and
shouted encouragement in spite of being rewarded for their support with the
taste of a whip.  Mucous streamed freely from Kares's nose and mouth and her
lips were parched and cracked from the relentless gasping for air.  Sweat
streamed from every pore as the Greek woman fought the weight.  Simban's whip
continued to slash at Keres's vulnerable back and the resulting blood flowed
freely.  Without warning, the weight Keres fought so intensely lightened and she
lunged forward stumbling and crashing face first into the dirt.  Too drained to
reposition, Keres feared the worst when Simban's voice sounded in hushed tones
in her ear:  "You completed the third lap before you fell slave-no further
weights will be added.  Gylo will take you to the bath-speak not Greek-I know
you are appreciative and I will not have your insolent mouth earning you a night
on the roasting on a spit.  Through her parched lips, Keres spat in Gylo's
direction.  It was a weak attempt and the meaning was not lost on Simban but it
was ignored.  Simban stood and motioned to Gylo adding, "Take this one to the
bath.  Have the runners switch positions and continue for another hour. You may
then cease for the day.  When this one is bathed and fed, bring her to my
quarters...oh yes; leave her nipple rings in place.  Oh and Gylo, her sister-the
mother-put Xua in her cell.  I want the cow milked each morning so the training
is not interrupted again."




The Ergastulum
Part 5
	

	Simban unhitched Keres from the sled, removed her wrist bindings, then
scooped her up and carried her from the arena.  "You did well girl," she
murmured mostly to herself-Keres had lost consciousness.  The worn out slave
awoke with a start when warm, salty water stung the wounds on her back.  She
found herself in the bath partially submerged in a steaming cistern.

	This sea salt brew will open your wounds and clean them," said an
effeminate man as he stroked her arms under the water.  "Shhhh, relax Greek," he
added.  "Revel in the healing of the waters.  I am Varna, a eunuch, of
Macedonia.  Lordess Simban wants you revitalized."

	Varna continued the underwater massage and soon Keres drifted off to
sleep thanks to the tepid water and the gentle kneading.  When her wounds were
cleansed, Vana gently plucked her flaccid form from the salty cistern and placed
her in a scented, warmer vessel immediately adjacent.  Still oblivious, Keres
did not appreciate the scent and texture of the caldron's concoction of honey,
olive oil, goat's milk and myriad herbs swirling around her.  After several
minutes, she was lifted free of the soup and taken to a padded pallet.  Varna
placed her gently on her belly and applied soothing ointment and salve to her
lesions.  While she slept, Varna rubbed liniment into her joints and finished
off his work with a light sprinkling of peppermint oil.  The smell of fresh mint
stirred Keres and she managed, in spite of her near catatonic state, to open her
eyes.  The steam in the enclosed bath with the fresh smell of soaps and spices
almost made her forget the awful ergastulum and the suffering she had endured.

	Her place in reality was recognized when she saw the rest her fellow
captives trudging into the bath having finished in the arena.  Most looked as
though they would collapse at any moment.  One man, older but of fine physique,
strode regally with almost a smile on his face.  He was striped and bleeding as
much as the others from the various whips the Romans employed, yet it looked as
though he was capable of withstanding much harsher conditions.  He stood taller
than most and displayed a furry, barrel chest and proportional biceps.  He had
short blond hair with only a hint of graying at the temples.  His manhood was
unlike any she had seen before.  It appeared the thick flaccid penis wore a
gladiator's helmet!  'What manner of man costumes his intimate part?' Keres
thought.  'How odd...though not unappealing...the Roman's must occupy strange
lands indeed.'  Then she recalled she had seen gagged and racked in the arena
today.  The clamps attached to his genitals prevented her from noticing then.

 Celt punished in the arena

	Keres started to drift off again but Varna ceased his rubbing and
offered an outstretched arm to assist her to her feet.  "Come my dear, Lordess
wishes you to report to her in her quarters.  Do not fear-I heard her speaking
to her sister Lena.  She was impressed with your prowess so I'm sure you are not
to be punished.  I will escort you to her rooms and stay with you unless ordered
to leave.  This is indeed unusual for Simban to take to a new slave so quickly. 
While I suspect she simply wishes to learn about you, be on your guard and
maintain your manners-you've seen firsthand that she is not one you wish to
anger."

	Keres nodded her understanding and padded slowly behind Varna as they
began to leave the bath.  As she shuffled past a mostly male group preparing to
bathe, the blond man who piqued her interest before smiled widely at her and
nodded in a silent greeting.  Keres was too shocked that he had noticed her to
feign coyness and she stared brazenly as the man's penis began to become
engorged before her.  Not looking where she was going, she stopped short when
she was embraced by a dusty, bleeding Andara.

	"Keres!  Yet again we feared for your safety!"  Surprised how relaxed
and clean Keres was, Andara stepped back and added, "I suppose worry was not
called for!  You appear as fresh as if you are ready to attend a party!"  Varna
slapped the perplexed Andara across her open mouth:  "Quiet woman!  You are not
to speak here!  And, your filth has gotten on this clean beauty...and after all
my preparations.  Away with you!" Varna scolded and he brushed dirt off Kere's
chest and belly.  Keres smiled at Andara and silently mouthed "Later" to her
twin.  Varna stopped his fussing, took Keres by the hand and proceeded through
the bath's exit.  Still watching her sister in amazement, she started when the
blond man--erect before Keres just moments earlier--touched her shoulder. 
Sporting now an immense erection, the first Andara had seen in the ergastulum,
the man encircled her waist in a fond embrace and pulled her down into the warm,
saline bath.  Eris finally entered the humid bath area after having been ordered
to sweep the arena free of dung with several others.  She stepped down into the
nearest cistern thanking her gods she had survived the day.  She was too
fatigued to notice her sister being kissed deeply by the blond strange man.

	Varna and Kerses ascended several sets of steps en route to Simban's
billet.  They emerged from the ergastulum into a clear, cool night.  Kerses
stopped to breathe the first fresh air encountered in over three weeks since
being taken from her home.  "Come along my beauty," Varna said, "we are expected
immediately."  The pair arrived at Simban's door and Varna rapped thrice then
pushed the door open, "Approach smartly and stand erect-arms to your side-speak
only when spoken to-after you my darling..."

	Kerses straightened to her full height.  In spite of the care
administered, her body ached and joints popped.  Her nipples strung from the
rings through them as she adjusted her posture.  She wound through a dark main
room guided by flickering lights and soft voices.  Turning a corner she saw
Simban-reclining naked on a deep, sheepskin covered low couch.  A young
red-haired girl massaged her feet while an equally young boy massaged her
temples.  Kerses stopped immediately before the trio and waited.  The two
adolescents, naked as well, seemed content in their duties and sang softly while
catering to Simban's comfort.  Finally the girl whispered, "Lordess, the Greek
is here" and she lowered her head to take Simban's toes into her mouth one at a
time.  Simban's eyes fluttered open and she softly said, "Welcome slave...take
some wine and join me here."

	Kerses was unable to react.  From a day filled with abuse to a softly
lit and scented room of pleasure and delight-she ran scenarios through her mind
as to what this might lead to.  However, she hadn't had wine for so long and
decided to partake before the offer was withdrawn.  She stepped to the boy's
side and filled a chalice with dark red wine and returned to her original
position.  Simaban watched her closely and said, "Sit here next to me and enjoy
the wine."  Kerses did as ordered sitting near Simban's midsection.

 Simban beckons Keres to her bed

	"Boy," Simban muttered, "attend to this one."  The boy smoothly
transitioned from Simban's head to Keres's feet.  With warm, smooth practiced
hands he caressed and kneaded her arches.  Simban placed her hand at the small
of Kere's back and traced small circles with her fingertips.  "Your vigor is
amazing slave.  It is evident you have incredible athletic prowess-does it come
naturally?  Have you received formal training in you gymnasium? You may speak."

	Kerses had just begun to enjoy the boy's attention as she dreamily
replied.  "Until the menses, I competed in races with the young men...winning
most sprints and distances.  Once I began to flow, I was prohibited from
competitions."
	
	"That is the way," Simban commented.  "I too was denied developing my
full physical potential.  I trained in secret with Lena and our older brothers. 
The eldest, Janof, was a warrior who lost a leg in battle.  He also trained me
in the arts of combat.  This knowledge has served me well here.  Lean back
slave-let the boy apply his expertise."  Simban moved her hand from Keres's back
to her belly to gently ease her down.  Now lying next to Simban, the boy applied
his strong fingers along Keres's calves and thighs.  Simban shifted to her left
side.  Raising her head and propped on pillows, Simban stroked Kere's belly then
shifted to touch the left nipple ring.  "These will remain affixed Greek.  Take
care to flick them periodically to ensure they move freely.  With a deft finger,
Simban flipped the ring causing Keres to wince.
	
	Feeling her first stab of pain since before the bath, Kere asked in a
hardened voice, "Why am I here African?"
	
	Unfazed by the insolence, Simban replied calmly, "Again whore, you will
address as me only as Lordess.  I have you here to reward your ability.  While
the food and conditions in your cell are adequate to maintain your health, here
your prowess may be developed through conditioning, wine and mental stimulation. 
I will have you as my charge with the intent of your becoming an ergastularius."
	
	"No Lordess," replied Keres with sarcasm punctuating the address.  "I
will not be a pawn for Romans to use to torture their vanquished."

	"I will not argue with you Greek," Simban stated.  "Your fate is
completely in my control.  You will train as my ergastularius.  You're talents
will not be wasted in the fields.  However, I think you as yet don't realize the
benefits of what I am bestowing-your loyalty will be required and I realize
that, especially in one as strong willed as you, concurrence and participation
must be given freely."

	The slave attending Simban had completed her massage and repositioned
herself along the tops of the African's legs.  She nestled her head into the
black woman's pubic region.  Keres noted the girl's red curls bobbing as the
girl worked.  The young boy assumed the same position on Keres.  She pulled her
legs together tightly to deny him access.

	"Open you legs slave, Simban instructed, "Let the boy finish his task or
I'll have him whipped and skinned alive as you watch."

	Keres responded and the boy sought out her sex with his agile tongue and
red painted lips.  His hands glided beneath her buttocks as he snuggled himself
into her crotch.  In spite of herself, Keres enjoyed the comfort of intimate
human contact.

	Reaching down to stoke her girl's red tresses, Simban purred, "If you
won't comply with what I believe is in your best interests and will make the
most of your innate abilities, your training will continue as slated with the
others...and you may be sure that I will break you.  I'm sure you've noticed my
scars Greek-I was once as proud and certainly stronger than you.  Kaeso broke me
within one circuit of the moon."

	Keres had gone limp from the boy's attentions and was feeling guilty at
enjoying the sensations.  In a whispering, quaking voice, she replied: "I told
the Roman in the arena and I'll tell you African-one of us will die in your
attempt."

	"Then it will be."  Simban leaned into Keres and kissed her long and
deep as her fingers joined the slave boy's tongue in working her toward frenzy. 
The slave girl burrowed yet deeper into Simban's drenched sex.  Gentle and rough
strokes alternated amid gasps and grunting from all the participants; they soon
reached a heated crescendo and collapsed into a heaving pile of sweaty, entwined
torsos.  After several still minutes, the young slaves rose and returned with
more wine and warm, moist towels to gently wipe the bodies of the two older
women.  The boy then procured a thick cotton sheet from a nearby trunk, and
joining the three females, pulled the coverlet around them.  The young slaves
spooned into the backs of the women.  "Sleep well Greek," Simban mumbled with
her face close to Keres's.  "Tomorrow will seem as it will never end for you." 
Keres felt Simban's hot breath and faintly heard the promise of more grief.  Not
understanding why she felt little fear, Keres replied in a hushed tone, "Bring
the challenge African."  She would not become a willing slave for the Romans nor
would she be broken-this she swore to her gods as she drifted off amid cozy
companions-at least for this night.



	In her sisters' cell, Eris and Andara too were snuggled with new
companions.  The blond Celt stallion had satiated Andara in the bath driving her
to multiple orgasms.  She had no idea that these hairy beasts from the far
reaches of the Roman Empire, known to her only through the tales of travelers,
were such proficient lovers.  His substantial member had been relentless as it
drove deep into her.  The pleasure it gave her erased her pain and Andara
reveled in the sensations.  She was a virgin until the moment he invaded her. 
She'd heard that a woman's first sexual encounter often was painful and damaged
the organs.  In this case however, there was naught but ecstasy.  As she
prepared for the arrival of the god of sleep, Andara silently prayed for the
safety of her sisters and thanked Zeus for delivery of the Celt.  She didn't yet
know his name and preferred it that way for the moment.  She dreaded that his
appearance was only a dream and she didn't want to face the potential reality of
loosing him. 



	Andara felt sympathy for Eris and whispered, "Sister, this Gaelic
blessing may be yours as well if you wish."  Eris thanked her sister but vowed
to maintain her chastity for her husband whose fate following the Roman raid was
unknown.  The Mongol Xua sat at Eris's side with downcast eyes.  As Andara and
the barbarian began yet another session before them, she turned towards Eris and
spoke in stilted Latin:  "I apologize for what I must do again Eris.  I have no
choice.  I have no skills of interest to the Lordess and am too afraid to deal
with the punishments she orders."

	"I understand," Eris replied softly.  "Until I cease making milk, this
is perhaps for the best.  When my breasts are engorged, running is unbearable. 
You made it possible for me to survive today-do what you must."

	With that, Xua bent to take Eris's nipple into her mouth and begin the
expression of her nourishing milk.  With eyes closed, Eris leaned back against
the cell wall and permitted Xua to complete the task.  Soon after, all were
asleep except for Xua who had switched breasts and was nursing contentedly.

	The next month of training was brutal for the entire new slave
population.  All felt a variety of whips.  The Romans especially preyed upon the
weaker of the captives.  While not exactly sure of the time, Andara speculated
that they spent at least six hours per day in a full out sprint and three hours
trotting bearing heavy loads.  Many of those who failed to maintain the proper
obedient decorum were suspended from posts within the arena.  All who ran were
ordered to strike the poor wretch as they passed.  During watering periods, an
ergastularius would apply the lead-tipped floggers to the screaming person or
slash at them with daggers.

 Andara endures another flogging

	One portly man was suspended with his head immersed in a container of
water and his hands bound behind him.  Only by pulling himself out of the water
using his weak abdominal muscles could he keep from drowning.  His lack of
strength would not keep him free for long and he had to repeat the procedure
every few seconds.  In a perverse solution, Simban found that striking his
testicles provided the impetus needed for him to jerk from the water when his
gut muscles gave out.  The blows caused him to inhale quantities of water and
his twitching in pain was often accompanied by violent choking.  During the 30
days, several slaves graduated to work in the fields.  Out of the original 50
people, perhaps 25 remained in training.  Those left had paired up to have some
friendly human contact:  men with women, women with women and men with men. 
Andara was smitten with the Irishman and took comfort from him in his mammoth
arms and ever-willing organ.  Eris had surrendered any form of modesty and
reveled in Xua's attentions.  Though she had stopped producing milk, she still
found real pleasure with Xua at her breasts and their feelings for each other
amplified to extended lovemaking.  While they worried for Keres, they knew she
remained within the ergastulum as they saw her as they entered the arena each
day.

	The sensuous night spent with Simban ended abruptly for Kerses. 
Sometime during the hours of darkness, Kaeso and Gylo had entered Simban's
chamber and drug the slightly inebriated protesting woman to the torture
chamber.  She was racked and whipped and then suspended in the arena for the
first runners to abuse as they entered in the morning.  She naturally received
terrible abuse for defying Simban.  When she wasn't bound or racked or being
flogged, Keres carried, pushed or pulled nearly impossible weights in the arena.

 Keres subjected to the rack

	She spent the nights of those next few days in a solitary cell with
little food and no time for baths.  As invariably happened, Keres would spite or
mock an ergastularius and her solitary time would be spent in locked in painful
positions and an assortment of torments.

	Her nipple rings would be affixed with weights or small cages holding
pairs of rats.  On one occasion, a cylindrical cage holding two mice was
inserted deep into her anus.  The vermin would fight in the cage causing great
swinging and sharp, constant pains and eliminate the chance to sleep.  Another
night Kerses was chained kneeling upon a large stone phallus so it was solidly
imbedded between her legs.  Her position prevented her from rising and clearing
the implement.  Unable to straighten, she fought all night to keep from sliding
down further.  The agony in her groin was matched well by the cramping in her
legs.  Gylo took her impaled position as an opportunity to remove her nipple
rings and pierce them again to accommodate rings of a larger diameter.  The old
ring removal initiated blood flow that was halted when Gylo inserted a
wide-diameter blazing spike through the sensitive tissue.  "These will support
much heavier weights Greek--without dislodging."  After they were affixed and
Keres was hoarse from screaming, Gylo's flagellum inflicted wounds on the
vulnerable breasts and belly.  Once her skin was thoroughly striped and oozing,
Gylo turned to her back and flailed until he tired and Keres collapsed
unconscious upon the full length of the phallus.  She was wakened in the morning
with heavier weights affixed and another scourging.

 Kerses held erect on a phallus as Gylo prepares to pierce her nipples yet again.

	Keres had so far refused to yield in spite of her sisters imploring, as
they would pass her in the arena being whipped or suspended before them. 

	After the 30th consecutive day of torment, Simban entered Kere's dark
cell just before dawn.  Keres hung suspended horizontally with heavy weights
attached to her nipple rings.  The terrible constriction of the ropes, amplified
by her own weight, the metal hanging from her breasts, and the month of
mistreatment had taken a terrible toll.  Covered in old sweat, dried fecal
material and urine, Simban barely recognized the bleeding, moaning, hanging form
swaying above her as the formerly vital woman. 


	Simban grapped a handful of matted hair and pulled Kere's head back. 
"You are beaten Greek.  Your strength is being sapped and your body is
deteriorating.  Surrender your will and the pleasure of being an ergastularius
will be yours.  You will be free of a permanent life in the darkness of this
ergastulum and free of these instruments of obedience that cause you agony. 
Will you come to my chamber tonight?"

	Keres wanted to bite Simban's nose as it was close enough to touch but
she lacked the leverage to lunge forward as well as the strength.  Instead, she
faintly declared, "no."

 Keres suspended when Simban arrives.


	"Stupid, stubborn, stinking Greek," Simban bellowed.  "You've withstood
punishment for a month, you have proved your mettle-now surrender!"  Keres only
stared straight ahead.  Letting Keres's head drop, Simban called for Gylo.  "My
patience is gone Greek.  No more simply wearing you down.  Gylo, get this bitch
down and hang her by her teats.  When she is crazed with the pain, then rack her
on her back on the floor.  Get water down her-copious amounts until her belly
swells--then clamp her rings to the ceiling chains and rip them from her teats! 
Make her feel it Gylo-take your time."  Gylo did as ordered.  He unfastened
Keres from the timber holding her aloft and rebound her so she stood vertically. 
He then coiled ropes around her breasts and pulled her up on her toes.  Within
minutes the terrible pain seared into her chest and Keres wailed deeply.  When
he was sure the agony was at its peak, before numbness set in, Gylo cut the
suffering girl free and she collapsed on the floor.  Quickly gathering the
ropes, Gylo attached her wrists and ankles to rings on the floor and racked her
tight.  He dropped the timber formerly holding her aloft and attached it by
chain to her nipple rings.

 More breast torture applied to Keres

	Without receiving further instructions from Simban, Gylo hauled down on
the rope holding the timber and through a pulley stretched Keres's breast out in
a severe jerk.  Once she was secured and the pull to her chest pulling her back
from the floor, Gylo left the cell to obtain the water need to fill Keres's
tortured body.  He would need at least three galleons-possibly more and a
funnel.  He knew the girl would die under this final torment.  Why wouldn't see
yield to Simban's demands he wondered.  This wasn't a bad life in the
ergastulum.  Certainly it was demanding and the treatment of the captives was
often terrible.  But, considering the alternative-a slow, agonizing death, this
was wonderful indeed.

	Simban knelt next to the gasping Greek woman as she wailed in misery. 
"If you could see, you'd notice that the tension at your breasts is tearing the
rings through your nipples-then I imagine you can feel that...You will soon have
the additional misery of your belly being filled beyond capacity.  That
additional load will rip these rings free.  Once you are again flat on you back
with a bloated belly, I intend to have Gylo fetch your sisters to watch as he
mounts you.  He will ravage your sex while I sit bouncing on your belly.  I
assure you Greek, your stomach and bladder will rupture.  So I believe you
should understand now slave-you are to die very soon.  You won't be here to help
your sisters as they take your place here."



	Gylo returned with his supplies and silenced Keres's howling with a
strip of leather inserted into her mouth.  Kneeling over her head so his knees
locked her head facing up, Gylo began pouring the fetid liquid along the leather
and into the sputtering woman's mouth.  As she filled, Gylo worked the wet
leather deeper into her throat and Keres found drawing air impossible.  Her
belly rapidly began to rise as Gylo picked up another vessel to add more water. 
Working up the little air she could, Keres expelled a throat full and wheezed,
"I yield!"




The Ergastulum
Part 6

	Keres's recovery was long and fraught with agony.  The torments laid
upon her to get her to submit to Simban brought her closer to death than either
she or Simban realized.  Any human would need considerable time under the care
of a physician to properly recuperate.  Keres however was not so fortunate.  She
was allowed only 5 days in her cell attended to only by her sisters and the
Celt.  Simban feared for her own life should word escape the ergastulum that she
had abused a slave nearly to termination-her master would not look kindly on
that.  As it was, Kaeso was livid with Simban's loss of control and had her
repeatedly raped to teach her restraint.  A lashing that Kaeso administered with
gusto followed each rape by filthy male slaves.  She spent as many nights in the
torture chamber as Keres did unconscious in her cell.  Keres had the luxury of
reclining while Simban was bound suspended and endured the vermin that crawled
and flew in the ergastulum at night.  The multitude of insect stings she
received was often worse than the floggings.

	Andara's Celt lover knew the physiology of the body quite well and
tended to Keres with gentle massage and herbal invigoration.  During the day,
when all the slaves worked the fields, Keres was left alone save for periodic
visits by Kaeso and Gylo.

	"If she dies Simban, you will be buried alive with her corpse," Kaeso
scolded as his whip tore into Simban's raw back, "...or as near alive as you'll
be when I'm through punishing you."  A deaf and dumb German slave pumped his
member deep into Simban's anus with a fervor that matched her misery.  "She
appears unconscious now," Kaeso commented as he paused to wipe his brow, "you
may continue though slave."  With a lull in the flogging, the German took the
opportunity to climb fully aboard the balck woman's hanging body and orgasm. As
he withdrew his misshapen penis from Simban's limp and bleeding backside, a
better-endowed Turk immediately filled the void and deposited a copious amount
of fluid quickly into Simban's rectum.  He withdrew and moved to her head where,
standing atop a crate, he inserted his fecal-covered length into her raw throat
and he renewed his enthusiastic pumping.

	Kaeso stowed his flogger and left Simban to her attendants who were
eager to take their indefatigable pleasures with their former overseer.  Kaeso
sponged his sweating body at the bath and then entered Keres's cell.  The woman
had stirred Kaeso noticed and her breathing appeared regular.  She was covered
with clean blankets and her skin tone appeared healthy.  He knelt beside her and
eased an eyelid open to check for pupil dilation.  The light from the torches
caused the black circles to contract-a good sign that the brain was functioning. 
He recovered her with the sheepskins and returned to Simban.  Simban hung
totally motionless with every bit of her body covered with welts and cuts from
whippings and manual punishment by those who ravished her.  Dry and drying semen
enveloped her face and backside and her feet dripped blood from the vicious
bites of a simple-minded Britain who sat and gnawed her toes.

	"Clear away!" bellowed Kaeso with slaps to the imbecile's head.  Kaeso
pulled Simban's head upright by her hair and saw she remained out cold.  He
slowly released her and allowed her to drop rudely into the dirt.  Hefting a
nearby bucket, he heaved water on the battered woman.  Seeing her eyes flutter,
he ordered, "Clean up bitch then report to me in my quarters."

	Simban didn't attempt a reply; rather searched the dirt with her
encrusted mouth in an attempt to rinse it in any water that the earth had not
absorbed.  Slowly she struggled to her knees and crawled toward the bath.

	As Kaeso strode toward his quarters, the field slaves were returning
from the day's labors.  The Greek sisters led the pack racing toward their cell
to minister to Kerses.  Kaeso stopped the oldest sister, Eris, with a sharp tug
to her forearm.  Eris had physically toned well during the three months she had
spent in the ergastulum.  Her excess weight had disappeared and her skin glowed
with health from time spent in the field's fresh air and sunshine.  Her breasts
remained heavy with milk thanks to Chinese girl's thrice daily sucking.  "You're
sister is healing well Greek," Kaeso informed her gently.  "She is about to
regain her full senses and I will gently train her and have her joining you in
the fields within a fortnight." 

	"Thank you Ergastularius," Eris replied looking at the ground.  Kaeso
chuckled, "She is an obstinate woman.  While Simban overdid her discipline, I
hope your sister will have learned that she no longer has a free will and
cons=ducts herself as you have these past weeks."

	Eris looked up to catch Kaeso's kind expression.  "I hope so as well
Ergastularius.  Kerses is indeed stubborn but her attitude that placed her near
death was indeed brought on by the African."

	Kaeso's smile disappeared and his voice became sharp, "Drop to your
knees Greek!"  Eris immediately complied.  "Grasp your ankles!"  Again Eris
obeyed.  She leaned back from her kneeling position and took hold of both ankles
presenting her arched chest toward Kaeso.  "I've tended to Simban's methods and
corrected her behavior; however slave, if your sister has not adjusted her
demeanor, I'll personally see that it changes or she will indeed die.  For your
unsolicited opinion of Simban's methods, you will maintain that position in
silence until Gylo releases you.  You will then tend to your toilet and bath
then come to me."

	Kaeso marched toward his quarters leaving a trembling Eris frozen in her
strained position.  The remaining field slaves crowded the ergastulum's corridor
being careful to avoid stumbling into the punished Eris.  In support, several of
the passersby gently patted her forehead and several quickly kissed her
quivering cheeks.  Andara was curious as to why Eris had not arrived but that
was quickly brushed aside when she saw Kerses sitting upright and alert.  She
shouted with joy and raced to gently embrace her returned twin sister.

	Eris feared exhaustion and loss of her pose when Gylo finally appeared. 
He squatted and began gently stroking her proudly displayed chest and belly. 
Eris held her strained rolling her position as Gylo then roughly rolled her
nipples.  "Kaeso said you spoke with impudence Greek, I think you will remain in
this stress stance until I have had my fill of wine."

	"But...the Ergastularius would have me report to his chambers," Eris
stuttered.  "I'm aware of that slave-he is addressing Simban now and I imagine
that will last awhile.  You have plenty of time to remain motionless while I
take my pleasure-or would you prefer a flogging?"

	Simban maintained a position similar to Eris upon Keaso's table.  Her
recent punishment had sapped her strength so she was assisted in being held
upright by a large floor mounted phallus.  "In the name of Caesar, what
possessed you to nearly torture the Greek to death Simban," Kaeso asked while
peeling fruit.  Simban replied to the ceiling through parched lips, "She
violently defied me Kaeso-that cannot be allowed-you have always supported me on
this."

	"It was much more extreme this time Simban.  The master would have me
strangle you immediate should he find you had killed such a lovely slave with
much potential.  The Greek is not a haggard wench-she has years of work and
pleasure possibilities-do you understand?"

	Simban could only arched her back to relieve the ache in her crotch and
reply, "Yes Ergastularius," although she really did not agree.  The Greek was a
disobedient bitch that had only finally yielded when her family was threatened. 
She would always present a danger.

	"Very well, you will remain as lead trainer-after a week back in the
fields beginning tomorrow-no clothes and no food-water only except for
mid-day--you're getting fat Simban."

	Simban straightened herself upon the huge shaft impaling her.  Her
thighs shook from the strain as she rose up and forward.  Kaeso laughed adding,
"See, those bulbous limbs need slimming"

	Simban mustered what dignity she could and mumbled, "Fat indeed!"

	Eris did her best to remain immobile as Gylo drove into her groin.  She
could not stand a flogging and if she chose that over Gylo having his way, the
beating would be all the worse for her insult to his manhood.  She managed to
stay stock-still until she felt the warm ejaculate enter her.  As Gylo collapsed
onto her, she was unable to hold and tumbled down with her legs in an agonizing
unnatural position.  Her cries did little to speed Gylo's dismount and he took
his time to recover.  "Very sweet slave," he mumbled as he rolled free.  "I look
forward to the next time you spout off-clean yourself and report to Kaeso."

	Eris soon arrived at Kaeso's open door and was surprised to see the
naked African kneeling atop his dining table.  "Enter Greek," Kaeso called out
as he stood away from the table.  "Come to me."

	Eris moved quickly with downcast eyes toward the Ergastularius.  "Simban
needs to be released from the phallus that holds her and I don't think her
flabby thighs are capable.  Perhaps you can stimulate her clitoris and give her
some motivation."

	"No Kaeso!" Simban shouted.  "Don't do this!  You can't have a slave
humiliate me!"

	"Hush Simban-you'll be aroused here or in the fields tomorrow-I think
here is fine-proceed Greek."

	Eris attentively reached out to Simban's stretched vagina and quickly
found the nub.  "Hands locked behind your head Simban," Kaeso ordered as Eris
stroked.  Despite her discomfort and the aches and soreness caused by her
punishment, Simban soon began moaning and as Eris kept up the constant, steady
pressure, subsequently shuddered and gasped in climax.

	Kaeso smiled as Simban looked to him through dazed eyes.  "You may go to
your quarters now Simban-Greek, you will remain here."  Simban slowly struggled
fully to her knees and freed herself from the drenched phallus.  Kaeso extended
a hand to help her off the table.  "You come with abandon Simban," he remarked
as he gently kissed her forehead.  "Rest for the fields."

	Simban padded away silently and unsteady as Kaeso watched her seductive
hindquarters disappear.  Turning to Eris he said, "Service me now wench," and
proceeded to his bed to recline.  Eris, flushed from the exertion of working
Simban, knelt beside Kaeso and began massaging his member.  "That's good slave,
go slowly and lick the head."  Eris complied and soon Kaeso's penis became rock
hard and prevented her lips from meeting.  Eris felt hands at the base of her
skull urging her to encompass his entire shaft and she began systemically
tonguing it.  Her mouth filled with hot semen as Kaeso groaned and then
collapsed.  Eris withdrew from his groin and watched as his penis became
flaccid.  She looked up and caught Kaeso watching her.  "Again woman."  Eris
tasted the Roman's seed four more times that evening fetching wine, fruit and
cheese between sessions.  On the final occasion, Kaeso mounted her before he
went soft and brought her to climax.  His large organ filled her beyond her
experience and as she neared the pinnacle of her pleasure, the hard bite on her
neck sent shocks throughout her body.  In spite of exhaustion, Kaeso ejaculated
once again as Eris bucked.  Their sweaty bodies melded into a still pile amid
the darkness of the room and Eris moaned softly, "Thank you Ergastularius." 
Kaeso replied equally as quietly, "Again slave."




The Ergastulum
Part 7: Fini

	From the shade of an arbor, Gylo looked over the 38 tanned backs as they
stooped to tend to the grapes.  A slave from Gaul rubbed his feet after having
washed them of the dust accumulated during the cool morning.  The tall Celt was
handy for reaching the upper fruit and worked quickly.  He was never far from
the three Greek sisters.  Although conversations during work were forbidden,
Gylo ignored the occasional whispers among the four friends and lovers; it
didn't seem to slow their labors.  Simban worked far away from the others yet
close to Gylo so he could ensure she knew her place this week.  It was nearing
mid-day and Gylo was about to alert his charges of the meal and rest period.  He
kicked at the slave before him, stood and barked for the break to begin.  In
unison the slaves all stood erect and walked in orderly formation to the shade
near Gylo.  Several slaves broke away to tend to their toilet while 10 chosen
earlier began to distribute water, bread, cheese and cold mutton.  Simban
returned from defecating in a nearby hedgerow.  She took some food and drink and
sat away from the others who eagerly gossiped.  The Celt was dropping a skin of
wine in groups of three and four slaves.  When but one skin remained, he
positioned himself next to Simban and offered her the first drink.  Wordlessly,
she took the skin and took a long drink.  Before she had finished, Keres knocked
the skin from her grasp. 

	"Why do you share your wine with this African Richard?" Kerses asked in
slow Gaelic.  "Have you forgotten the sting of her lash, her constant tortures
in the arena?  Have you forgotten that she nearly killed me?" 

	"She has paid fully for her actions young one," Richard answered.  She
sits among us and shall be treated as I would be treated-indeed as I would treat
you."

	"Rubbish," Kerses replied.  She will be again our overseer within a few
days I have no doubt.  My wounds have yet to heal and soon she will be adding to
my pain and your misery as well.  I owe the African and by Zeus, she will pay." 
With that Keres spit on the seated Simban and returned to her siblings.

	"I don't need your charity slave," Simban said in Latin to the Celt.  Go
with your kind.  The Greek wench is correct; I will soon be reinstated as your
trainer.  Your mock concern will garner you no favors."

	"I seek not favors," Richard answered in heavily accented Latin, "I
spoke true, you will be treated as I would wish to be treated."  Leaving the
wine, the Celt reached down and patted Simban's shoulder before walking toward
the Greek sister's. 

	His return was met by icy silence from Keres but an enthusiastic hug by
Andara.  The two lovers collapsed in the shady grass and held each other close
for the duration of the rest period.

	As most slaves napped, Gylo called for two men to assist in binding
Simban to the whipping post.  Simban accepted her flogging without protest but
with considerable pain.  When her 20 lashes to her back ended, the same two
slaves released her and placed her in a prone position to apply soothing salve. 
"Six days to endure yet," Simban said quietly to nobody, "Six more days..."
	
	The remaining 10 hours of fieldwork was uneventful but the heat of the
day sapped the energy of everyone.  Even the Celt had difficulty returning to
the ergastulum without stumbling from exhaustion.  Andara moved just as slowly
at his side.  Keres walked alone toward the back of the line and near Simban. 
She noticed a fist-sized stone at the side of the path and quickly scooped it
up.  Palming it at her side, she glanced around to see if any guards were
watching.  Seeing they too were depleted from the heat, she spun around and
threw the stone with all her strength toward Simban.  The rock clipped Simban in
the shoulder and elicited a loud squeal of surprise and pain.  As if
orchestrated, both women launched themselves toward each other crashing in
mid-air.  Simban was the first to find purchase and her strong fingers dug into
Kerses' throat as they rolled on the ground.  Keres fists smashed repeatedly
into Simban's face breaking her nose and her grip on the Greek's throat.  Both
women peppered quick, closed fists into their opponents face.  Keres bit into
Simban's shattered nose.  A blow from her knee into Keres's crotch saved
Simban's nose from being removed.  The women locked into what would have been a
mutual death hold eventually but Gylo and three assistants pulled them apart. 
Rapid slaps to both their faces quickly got the women distracted from each
other.
	
	"Today's work obviously left you both with too much energy-tonight
you'll be racked-without food or rest perhaps you'll be able to focus on your
work," Gylo instructed. 
	
	The two enemies glared at each other while catching their breath.  In
spite of her sentence, Keres smiled at Simban, "Another two minutes and you'd be
dead witch."  A vicious blow to her mouth sent Keres reeling-"Rack them both and
apply the pincers," ordered Gylo before beating Keres unconscious.
	
	Keres's was brought to her senses by icy water poured onto her battered
face.  She was affixed to a vertical rack in the ergastulum's punishment
chamber.  Directly across from her no more than five yards was Simban bellowing
in agony as a slave increased the racks tension.  Keres's screams soon joined
Simban's as both women's limbs were stretched to their limit.  The torture
engines' ratchets were locked.  Popping joints and limited sharp breaths
signified that the pincers could now be applied with maximum impact.  The heated
iron tongs sizzled repeatedly as they bit into black and white taut skin. 
Female shrieks of agony were soon unrecognizable as human.  The searing
implements immediately cauterized the wounds they created.  The pincers were
freely applied.  Bladders and bowels emptied as all-encompassing pain left the
women oblivious to anything other than their torment.  When the pincers began to
lose their heat, they were returned to the brazier's glowing coals to take on
more energy for another session. 
	
	Neither woman had ever been subject to such terrible agony.  Keres's
trembling body felt the pincers five times on her breasts and belly.  Simban
endured equally as harsh abuse.  Their intense wails had settled into anguished
sobs as the pincers reheated.  Kaeso entered the chamber and ordered the women
gagged.  When their voices were reduced to muffled moans, he paced to and fro
between them.  "Bright bitches you both are, I'd have thought that you would
have reasoned that your actions could only result in your current situation. 
This will not continue-a permanent solution must be implemented."  Kaeso stopped
his pacing at the brazier that by now had the iron pincers heated white-hot. 
Both women watched with torment-induced wild-eyes as best they could. 
	
	"I believe the solution is for you two to become good friends."  Kaeso
turned to addresses his victims.  "That sounds ludicrous doesn't it?  I think
that if you were both dependent of each other and always together, you'd become
the best of associates."  Picking up the pincers, Kaeso moved toward Simban. 
"Perhaps losing your sight will speed the process."
	
	Simban squirmed against the tautness of the rack as Kaeso brought the
smoking pincers toward her eyes.  "Kaeso chuckled again, "Easy Simban, I will
not blind you...I will however use these pincers to attach and seal the bronze
masks that you'll both wear to the end of your days."  Kaeso bid the artisans to
begin their work.  While the women remained racked in agony, the artists
inserted hallow reeds into nostrils and poured warm paraffin upon the contours
of both screaming faces.  When the wax adequately conformed and cooled, the
molds for bronze masks were lifted free and hurried away by the effeminate
artisans.  Kaeso ordered, "Give the racks an additional turn then and whip them
until the smiths have made their masks."  As ordered, the torture was carried
out until half an hour later, a burly smith entered the chamber carrying two
gleaming bronze masks in a gloved hand.  The women had passed out from the pain
but the floggings continued leaving them both covered in blood.  "Loosen the
tension," directed Kaeso, "then deliverer a blow to their face to awaken them." 
As the women stirred, the smith snipped a small opening in each mask to serve as
a feeding and watering opening hole.  No other openings were made in the bronze. 
Keres was first to have a mask affixed.  The metal had not completely cooled and
her shriek as it made contact with her face became muffled as the metal
enveloped the mouth.
	
	"Please Kaeso...don't do this to me," begged Simban.  "That Greek bitch
started all this!  She was disobedient and tried to kill me-please Kaeso-no!"
	
	"It's too late Simban," Kaeso responded.  You'll not see light again and
be dependent on each other to survive."  Simban's further protests halted as the
hot mask was sealed around her head.  When the smith nodded to Kaeso, the
ergastularius applied the metal pincers to the metal at base of each woman's
skull to seal them the masks in place. 
	
	"Fasten them together face to face by their nipple rings, bind their
wrists behind them and put them in a cell with hot mutton and wine," Kaeso
ordered.  His directions were quickly carried out and the women awoke to the
smell of hot meat and the sensation of terrible pain.  The rack and flogging had
done their job well.  Unable to see, Keres tried to assess her situation.  She
attempted to speak but the small opening punched in her mask was ringed with
sharp metal that intruded into her mouth and prevented her from forming words
clearly.  She could feel dead weight at her breasts as she tried to inch toward
the smell of the roasted meat.  The African must still be unconscious she
thought.  She attempted several shouts to stir Simban but to no avail. 
Frustrated in attempts to move and communicate, she relaxed in an attempt to
alleviate the pain throughout her body.  Realizing that to drink or eat, a
cooperative attempt with Simban would be necessary.  Keres sighed in utter
desperation and drifted off into an exhausted sleep.
	
	Simban's muffled moans brought Keres awake and she shouted to Simban to
be still, "Shtop Akrican!"  Simban became still and Keres added, "Insh to d
schnell."  Like a common garden worn, the bound, connected women awkwardly moved
slowly on their sides toward the smell of the cooling lamb.  Until they could
discover a symbiotic rhythm, the pull at their breasts restricted their travel. 
When the bowl finally rattled, they realized they were at their goal.  The hard
realization also hit that with their hands lashed behind them, there was no way
they would be able to maneuver the food through the tiny holes in their
oppressive bronze masks.  Simban sagged into Keres and shook with sobs Keres
soon joined her and their masks became soaked with tears offering an additional
discomfort and their only liquid.  After an untold period, Simban heard their
cell door open and felt the bindings at her wrists being loosened.  Keres was
then freed but they remained united at their chests.  Kaeso's voice interrupted
their brief respite.
	
		"You are to remain locked together at the teats women.  You will
rely on each other for feeding and cleansing.  My intention was that the masks
would remain on you until you learned to work together quickly.  Simban began to
protest but heard that Kaeso cut her off.  "It was my intention I said Simban. 
However, I think it would punish you both even more if you could see each other
as you went about your chores.  Gylo, remove the masks."
	
	Soon the bronze was pulled free and the cell door slammed leaving the
women staring at each other less than 6 inches apart.  Taking stock of her
situation, Keres quickly reached for the wine and quaffed deeply.  Simban
reached out to the bowl of mutton and began to work torn pieces into her mouth. 
Wordlessly, the women exchanged wine and food until all was consumed.  Wiping
their own mouths, the collapsed in each other's arms into the sleep of the dead.
	
	For the next six months, the two women worked the fields and serviced
Kaeso as pleasure slaves-always connected at the teats.  They learned a rhythm
that allowed them to conduct themselves with minimum discomfort.  From fetching
water, to hauling stones, to satisfying Kaeso they positioned themselves to keep
their breasts together. Tending to toilet and bath allowed them to converse and
plan their movements for various tasks.  The other slaves and especially her
sisters welcomed Kerses back to the general population.  Both Andara and Eris
were growing fat with child from Andara's Celt.  Their teats were swollen and
with the Celt and Xua attending to them, their milk production had become
copious.  The sister's had become strong and competent at each task given them
and were well fed and rested.  They had accepted their lot as Roman slaves and
had made the best of it.
	
	Simban had figured to adapt a submissive demeanor in order to eventually
reestablish her position as head trainer.  It seemed to be working as the night
before, as Kaeso withdrew his penis from her mouth, he whispered she was doing
well.  As the women settled into their cell for the evening, Keres placed both
hands on Simban's hips and nuzzled close.  "I have a key to the cell door
African.  I palmed it while you pleased Kaeso and I laid below you."  Swiftly
moving her hands, Keres wrapped them around Simban's throat and choked her with
all the strength the Greek athlete could muster.  The work in the fields had
paid off and in a matter of minutes, Simban was limp within Keres's grip.  The
determined Greek kept up the pressure until she felt the black woman's throat
collapse.  Simban died with her eyes wide open so she did not react as Keres
ripped the rings from her nipples.  Now free from her former tormentor, Keres
used her key to free herself and all the others held in the ergastulum.

	They managed to run and walk several leagues from their prison that
night.  Initially they stayed together until the Celt advised dispersing to
avoid them all being recaptured.  A few hours after sunup, the Romans had
rounded up most.  Of the 38 escaped slaves, 25 were caught.  En route back to
the ergastulum, the procession was punctuated by floggings, beatings,
crucifixions and impalements.  Only 10 returned to the prison alive.  Keres was
the last to be crucified.  She was affixed to the standard cross in the arena
with adequate support to ensure she would not die from suffocation.  Her breasts
still were affixed with the chain that bound her to Simban.  From the chain hung
Simban's nipple rings tainted with bits of Simban's tissue.  To the chain was
added incredible weights that eventually caused Keres's nipple adornments to rip
free.  As Keres hung on the cross for four days, larger hooks would be inserted
into her breast tissue and weighted until they too pulled free.  Various
implement were inserted into her orifices and expanded to keep her continually
screaming.  Her pregnant sisters were mounted with rope on crosses opposite her
so that all could witness their siblings' deaths.  The Celt was pulled to death
before them on a huge horizontal rack with four men at the wenches.  Molten lead
was dripped on him through perforated ladles during his execution.  He bellowed
encouragement to the Greek sisters as long as he was able to speak until agony
overcame him when lead was poured into his nostrils and eyes.

	Eris was the next to die, as her now dead fetus was drug from her
through a long slit in her belly.  Andara called out to Eris before she
succumbed, "Quick death loved sister!"  A quite response from Eris, "and to you
beloved Andara."

	Keres languished cognizant long enough to see new slaves being run in
the arena.  Their exhausted faces were directed toward her as a lesson to be
learned.  Her pain racked, battered body indeed was a fine example.  Kaeso
applied his lance to her vagina and with three progressively deeper thrusts,
ended her suffering.  Her body remained affixed to the cross in the arena for
three years.  It stayed remarkably well preserved.  A Scottish physician, now a
slave, hypothesized that the chemical mix that powered her fabled rage imbued
the corpse with preservative powers.

	Eventually, when a long stretch of bad weather caused the grapes to fail
and the master died, Kaeso sold Keres's body to a rich merchant who used it as a
macabre decoration in his garden.  Several years later, it was smuggled out one
evening by a band of renegade Christians who had heard it was the body of Mary
Magdalene.  This notion continued and the legend grew until it was believed
true.  In 1168 A.D., returning from a Crusade, England's Richard the Lionheart
liberated Keres's now dried and shriveled form from it's hiding place and
entombed it in a French cathedral as indeed Mary Magdalene.  To this day it is
where the earthly shell of the spirited Greek Keres rests.  Both Mary and Keres
would be proud no doubt to be mistaken for each other.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bruce Boxer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





