BDSM Library - Veronica




Veronica
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A shorter story this time. A young teacher slaps a boy's face and sends him to the headmaster for rudeness. The head canes the boy before hearing of the teacher's behaviour. The boy's mother threatens the teacher with the loss of her job unless she too has is caned.
Veronica

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.



If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

MF Mm punishment



This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright Obohobo 2002




Veronica

by obohobo



Chapter 1. The caning

"It wasn't my fault. I shouldn't be made to teach a subject I am not qualified
at."

"Mr. Sixsmith should give me more help to teach the boy. He is supposed to be
head of math's."

"Mrs. Stevens shouldn't have gone on a course for the whole term when there was
no one qualified to replace her."

Veronica Jones sat at her desk cupping her head. It was morning break. She had
just fifteen minutes to compose herself ready for the next class which
fortunately was History, her main subject. She knew what she was talking about
with history but math's. Ugh! She just couldn't get her head around figures. She
had worked hard to get a bare pass in math's to get into Teacher Training
College and hadn't used it since for more than simple accounts done with a
calculator. Now she was expected to teach fourth year algebra. Two double
periods a week, Tuesday and Thursday. How she dreaded those periods. She tried.
She revised the evening before hand but it was hard work. Mr. Sixsmith wasn't
any help. He resented being lumbered with a temporary member of his team and one
that had only a low numeracy level so he largely left her to her own devices.
His attitude, 'It's only for one term, then Mrs. Stevens will be back.'

Veronica at 25 was still young and attractive if a little on the plump side but
she'd tried to be a career woman and focused her efforts towards getting a
graded teaching post and then moving up the ladder until she could at least
become a head of department. For a couple of years she'd had a steady boyfriend
but they had split up when she refused to give up her job to marry and become a
mother.

Still sitting at the desk she silently spoke to herself. "It was all down to
that know-all brat Jeremy Leonards. The rest of the class were all right but
Jeremy was a genius at math's. His knowledge of the subject was far greater than
hers. He could do mental calculations that would take her hours with pen, paper
and calculator. Trouble was, he knew how good he was and used that knowledge to
denigrate her. To show off in front of the others. Still I shouldn't have lost
my temper and hit him. He shouldn't have goaded me and goaded me. He deserved
it. Perhaps I shouldn't have sent him to the head for a caning though. Maybe he
was let off with a talking too." Her reverie was interrupted by the bell for the
next lesson.

*****

Miss Pritworth, the school secretary, brought the note to Richard Rogers, the
head as he sat at his desk. He wasn't in a good mood either. One of the schools
sponsors was thinking of pulling out next term. "It's that Jeremy Leonards
again, Mr. Rogers."

"Send him in please, Miss Pritworth."

Jeremy was ushered in and stood in front of the head's desk. He knew it well.
The head didn't look up for a minute or two and then said, "Well what have you
to say for yourself this time Leonards?"

"I was only asking a question, Sir, but Miss couldn't answer it."

"Jeremy Leonards, you have been sent here on a number of occasions by various
members of my staff. I have caned you twice for misbehaviour this year. Miss
Jones has not sent a single person here until today and her note says, you were
rude to her. Who should I believe? Her or you?"

"I was only trying to get an answer to a math's question Sir."

"Yes and I wouldn't mind betting you were trying to embarrass her at the same
time. If Miss Jones says you were rude then I am going to believe her and cane
you."

The Sir John Linklater School was a private school and corporal punishment was
still used on the boys a few times each term. Punishments were never excessive
but the occasional use served as a deterrent to others.

Richard ordered the boy to bend over a high stool and went to fetch the school
cane from its cupboard. Returning he noticed the unmistakable tell-tale square
outline of an exercise book under the stretched trousers. Jeremy had obviously
come prepared. "Drop your trousers, Jeremy!"

"Oh no Sir. You're not allowed to do that."

"Do you wish me to get Mr. Peters from P.E. to hold you while I do it and then
get a couple extra for the inconvenience boy!"

Jeremy complied and bent over the stool with just his under pants to protect his
backside.

"Hold tight to the stool legs. You know what to expect by now."

WHACK!! A loud howl came from Jeremy.

WHACK!! A second even louder cry and Jeremy almost let go of the stool.

The head waited a few moments and then delivered two more strokes in quick
succession. This time the boy did let go and try to rub his very sore backside.
"Get back down and take your last two boy!" Richard was in no mood to be trifled
with. He laid the last two strokes on with equal vigour, knowing the boy would
have difficulty in sitting for the rest of the day. "Pity I can't see the
stripes on the bare flesh but it would be more than my job is worth to remove
his pants as well as the trousers," he thought. "Pull your trousers up now," he
said to the sobbing boy, "And then come and sign the entry in the punishment
book." He gave the boy a tissue and then a note to take to Mrs. Pattison, the
English teacher who taking his next class. She was a stickler for time and a
strict authoritarian. "Go and wash your face and do what you need to do in the
toilet and then give this note to Mrs. Pattison. It gives you a quarter of an
hour to make yourself presentable again."

"Thank you Sir."

The head led the boy through the secretary's office and sent him on his way.
Outside he heard running footsteps and then, "Look at you, Jerry. Got a smack on
the face in class and now a whack on your bum!" It was a girl's voice. Richard
quickly opened the door again and saw Claire Jacobs running along the corridor.

"Claire! Come here please." When she arrived at the door he asked her what the
rule was about running in the corridor. She replied they were supposed to walk.
"I think you need to give me a reminder as to why you are supposed to walk. He
ushered her through the direct door to his office. "Why the need to run Claire?"

"Thought I would be late for Miss Pattison's class, Sir. Roberta was taking her
time in the washroom."

"Where is she now?" Running footsteps again sounded along the corridor. "I think
you had better get her in here too," smiled the head.

Both girls now stood shamefacedly in front of the head's desk while they were
lectured on the safety aspects of walking along the corridors. Then the head
turned on Claire. "Would you mind repeating exactly what you said to Jeremy
Leonards as you went by earlier? Please use your exact words."

Claire blushed and replied, "Look Jerry. Got a smack on the face in class and
now a whack on your bottom!"

"Were they your exact words?"

Claire blushed further. "Not quite, Sir. I said bum not bottom."

"And is that the sort of language we expect from girls at this school?"

Hanging her head further, Claire replied, "No Sir."

"And was it a kind remark to make to a boy that had just received a caning?"

"No Sir."

"And what did you mean by got a smack on the face in class?" This was the real
reason for all his questioning.

"Miss hit him across the face when he was cheeking her, Sir."

"Did he deserve it?"

"Probably Sir. He was trying to wind her up. And he succeeded."

"Perhaps the pair of you had better tell me exactly what happened."

"Well Sir," Roberta spoke up, "It was near the end of the lesson and Miss had
finished showing us the answer to the math's she had set when Jeremy stood up
and asked something like what would happen if both x and y were negative values.
Miss didn't know and of course Jeremy did and he kept on at her saying she
shouldn't be teaching them if she couldn't do better than her class. He kept on
and on and walked up to her and I thought he was going to poke her with his
finger but he didn't. He was talking quietly as they were almost face to face
and all of a sudden she slapped him on the face."

"It was hard too Sir," chimed in Claire. "That shut him up and then she sent him
to you."

"Does Miss Jones often get angry like that?" enquired the head.

"No Sir, and when Jeremy wasn't there for two weeks a month ago it was a fun
lesson. Usually though it is a bit tense."

The head sat back in his chair and thought for a few minutes and the two girls
wondered if they should be leaving. They knew Miss Pattison wouldn't not
hesitate to give them detention or extra homework for being late. Richard knew
Veronica shouldn't have slapped the boy and if his parents complained to the
governors, it could mean she might be asked to resign and possibly he might have
to as well if he didn't handle things properly. He decided he needed to find out
the full facts. Realising the two girls were still standing there he said, "Its
alright girls, I'll come back to Miss Pattison with you in a few minutes. I need
to get to the bottom of this."




Chapter 2. The inquiry

Going into the secretary's office he obtained a pack of lined A4 paper and gave
it to Roberta and donned his mortarboard and cloak before they all went to the
English classroom. Knocking he went in. The girls followed. Quietly he asked
Mrs. Pattison to step outside for a moment while he explained to her what was
happening and asked her if she heard anything. He was told there was a lot of
noise from that room just before break but that wasn't too unusual. She thought
she heard a slap and then it all went quiet. A few minutes later Leonards had
passed her door heading in the direction of the office. She reluctantly agreed
to let the head take over her lesson for a while. It was at this point Jeremy
arrived. Richard took a cushion from the teacher's chair and sat him at a desk
away from the others.

After instructing the two girls to issue a sheet of paper to every one in the
class and then getting them seated he went on.

"On the top line, left side, print your name. On the right side of the same line
put today's date. In the middle of the next line print the title, 'Incident in
Math's Lesson'"

"So boys and girls, you now know what all this is about. I must make a report on
what happened. I didn't see it and you did. Twenty pairs of eyes. This is an
English lesson so I want you to write an essay describing what happened in Miss
Jones' lesson exactly as you saw it and remember it. Start at where Miss Jones
finished showing the answer to the problem to you and when Jeremy asked his
question. Write in the details in the order they happened and in as much detail
as you can. If any swear words were used, for today and for today only, you have
permission to write them. I want your essays to be as factual as possible. Any
questions?"

Some of the children finished in a quarter of an hour; others took the whole
lesson. When the papers were collected, Richard took them back to his office and
scanned through them. All told nearly the same story as the two girls. All that
is except for Jamie Saunders, Jeremy's friend. He told how Veronica has sworn at
the boy calling him a sodden big headed little bastard, before hitting him.
Richard felt he could disregard that.

When the bell rang for lunch break, Richard asked Veronica if she would mind
bringing her lunch box into his office so he could discuss the incident with
her. She sat opposite him and could feel the power of his eyes on her. She could
feel his authority. Again the story was much the same except that she said she
only hit Jeremy after he said. "I would like to squeeze your fat tits". Richard
remarked that so far in the accounts he had read, none of the children had
mentioned him saying that.

"Well he was very close to me and he didn't say it very loud, but he did say it.
I am very sorry, Headmaster, I know I shouldn't have let it get that far. I know
I shouldn't have hit him at all. I lost my temper. He goaded me just too far. In
every one of my math's lessons he tries it on and makes it very difficult for me
to teach at all and spoils it for all the others. You know my math's is barely
up to the standard of the children in that class and Jeremy is a genius at it so
he tries to confuse me."

"Veronica, I know math's isn't your subject and you have difficulty with it. I
know too that at History and English Lit. your teaching is excellent and you are
well liked by the children. You are a valuable member of my staff. The problem
is if Jeremy's parents complain to the governors. Then I too am in the firing
line. I should have checked more thoroughly before caning him and they will
probably make much of the fact that I had the boy lower his trousers for it. I
must now play this by the book and ask you to write a report on what happened. I
will support you as far as I can but if the governors insist on your dismissal,
I can do little about it. You were very wrong to hit the boy and then to send
him to me for the cane added to the wrong."

"Headmaster, please, I don't want to lose this job. I like it here. I enjoy
teaching and it should all get back to normal when Mrs. Stevens gets back next
term. I will do my best to cope until then. Please, please do what you can to
help me stay. I am willing to see Mr. and Mrs. Leonards and apologise to them if
that is necessary. I know them from parents evenings and I teach Jessica,
Jeremy's older sister. She isn't like him."

"Veronica, I can assure you I will do what I can. Apart from the fact you are a
good teacher, we are already short staffed and I don't know how we would cope
with losing another one. Personally, and this is only a personal feeling, I
believe the most apt punishment for your action would be a caning too and not
the sack. That is not in my power however and if a complaint is made then it is
up to the governors."

Veronica went pale at the thought of being caned. Richard thought how much he
would like to get the woman bent over and apply the cane to her plump bare arse.
He had fancied her for some time but had not found a way of getting to know her
better.

During the afternoon Richard was able to get Jack Leonards on the phone. Jack
was a master builder and a down to earth, rough and ready character. He was
friendly and had on a number of occasions helped the school by doing unpaid
building work and didn't really object to his boy being caned. He had no
illusions about his son's behaviour. He was like it at home and had felt his
fathers hand on his backside many times but he didn't like his son to be treated
unfairly. He agreed to talk to his wife and son that evening and get back to
him. His wife though, doted on the boy and for her, he could do no wrong.

Veronica handed her written incident report in soon after school had finished.
By then Richard had read all the children's accounts and found one, Elizabeth
Lambert's, that confirmed that Jeremy did make the remark about squeezing
Veronica's fat tits. "She was right at the front and very close to us when it
happened," confirmed Veronica, "She was probably the only one within earshot."




Chapter 3. The tea party

At lunch break the next day, Richard again asked Veronica to come to his office.
"I have spoken at length to Jack Leonards," he said, "He thinks you should be
let off after apologising to the class and personally to them but his wife isn't
so sure you ought to get off as easily. Apparently they argued about it long
into the night. In the end they decided to invite both of us to tea tonight so
we can discus it informally. Will you agree to that?" She didn't have a choice
and he knew it.

On a Friday, Jack liked to finish work early have a meal about 5.30 and get out
to the working men's club by about 7 p.m. Sarah was used to having a the meal
cooked ready for him.

On that Friday, with the two apprehensive guests, the meal went surprisingly
well. Even Jeremy behaved himself and was polite to everyone. Afterwards as they
sat in easy chairs drinking tea, Jack raised the subject of why they were here.
It turned out that none of them, again including Jeremy, wanted to see her
forced to leave the school. Jessica put a particularly good case for her to
stay. It was mainly Sarah, the boy's mother that was reluctant to let Veronica
off without further punishment. She thought she had to atone for wrongly hitting
her son but couldn't decide what such punishment should be. She had accepted
Veronica's apology to them. She realised it was a heat of the moment action in
the face of provocation but that didn't make it right. It didn't appear that
anything would be resolved and the subject lapsed into general conversation.
Jack sat near Veronica and discussed Jessica's History project while Sarah
engaged Richard in a quiet but seemingly animated discussion. After a while
Sarah stood up to clear away the meal and wash-up. She invited Veronica to give
her a hand.

At the sink, Sarah washed the dishes while Veronica dried. "Veronica, I feel you
should receive the same sort of punishment that Richard gave to my son. In fact
I think you should have double what he had because you are supposed to be a
responsible teacher and set an example to others. As you saw, I was talking to
Richard and I asked him if he would do the caning and finally he agreed
providing you agreed to accept it. We also agreed that it was never to be made
public."

Veronica went very pale and almost dropped a plate. "You can't mean it!"

"Look Veronica, I like you and I think you are a good teacher. Jessica obviously
likes you too but that doesn't alter the fact that what you did was very wrong.
I could take the matter to the board of governors. At best that would put a
blight on your career, possibly they would remove you from the school and you
would then find it extremely difficult to get another job. The caning would be
over quickly and the marks would go in a fairly short time."

"You're blackmailing me?"

"Not really. But I saw my son's bottom last night and can attest to how painful
it is even now. If he had deserved it, then I could have accepted it but I don't
believe he did. I think you should get to feel some of what he is going
through." Veronica just nodded. She understood that she was not being given a
choice. Sarah went on. "What I suggest is, when we have finished here, you and
Richard go to your place and change into something comfortable and collect
anything you need for an overnight stay, just in case you don't feel like
returning to your home. You then travel in Richard's car to his house. Using his
car means if you decide to return home you won't have to drive. Jack goes to his
club about 7.30 and I often visit a friend about 8 or 8.30. Jessica is old
enough to keep and eye on Jeremy and she seems well able to cope with his moods.
I will come over to Richard's and watch you receive the caning. This way I will
be certain it has been properly carried out. As soon as the caning is over I
will leave and you and Richard are free to do whatever you like. Monday is a
bank holiday so that works in well and gives you more time to recover. On
Tuesday when you get back you will apologise to the whole class like the others
want."

"You're going to watch! I don't believe it!"

"Yes, and you are going to get it on the bare so I can see your bottom is
coloured like my son's only more so. But you don't have to go through with it.
If you are not at Richard's when I arrive, I will know you don't feel guilty
enough to take your punishment so I will go ahead and file the complaint.
Perhaps that will purge your guilt!"

Sarah finished drying the plates herself and then the pair went back into the
main room. Veronica and Richard said their good-byes and left. "She told you
then?" Richard asked. Veronica nodded. "What have you decided to do?"

"I have to do it. The disgrace and humiliation of going to the governors would
be too great and I would never get another decent teaching job. She said she
wasn't blackmailing me but she was. I don't have a choice."

It didn't take long for Veronica to change into a loose fitting skirt and blouse
and get the things she needed for an overnight stay. She hoped she would be able
to return home and Richard promised he would drive her back if she wanted but
there was a spare room if she wished to stay..

On the 20 minute drive to Richard's place he said, "Look Veronica, I can't say I
am not looking forward to seeing your naked bum in front of me, I can't even say
I am not looking forward to caning it. I have fantasised about you quite a lot
but after the caning I won't do anything you don't allow me to do. Before you go
back I will try and ease the pain with cold towels and a bath, and then put
cream on. Whether we have sex after that is up to you. Are you on the pill?"

"Yes," there were tears in her eyes already, "I didn't stop after Mark left but
I didn't expect to get fucked as well as caned. Is Sarah going to watch that as
well?"

"No. No. She is leaving when the caning is over. She promised that."

"Will you be doing it really hard?"

"I will be doing it hard, yes but not excessively so. I will strap you down as
well, more to prevent you getting hit in the wrong places because you move at
the wrong time. So once I start there will be no changing your mind. I shouldn't
have to gag you because the neighbours aren't too close and I will do it down in
the cellar. Even if you beg and try and call it off, once I start you will get
the full twelve - unless Sarah decides to reduce the number and I don't think
that is likely. I think she will get off on seeing you being punished and I
think she got off from looking at and putting salve on Jeremy. Here we are."




Chapter 4. A second caning

She had been to a staff party at the house once before but had only seen a
couple of rooms so he showed her around and insisted she use the toilet before
they went to the cellar. "I don't want you to embarrass yourself by peeing on
the floor in front of her."

The cellar was used as a storeroom workshop. Richard did a little wood turning
in his spare time. It provided a relaxation when school affairs began to
overwhelm him. In the centre of the room he had a solid Swedish style woodwork
bench and it was to this he decided he would fasten Veronica. From a cupboard he
fetched a school-style cane. "This is the one I used at my last school. Didn't
use it much there either but I brought it with me as a souvenir and in case
there wasn't one here."

The cane was about three feet long with a hooked end and about as thick as a
little finger. Veronica thought it looked particularly vicious but held her
tongue.

"I wasn't prepared for this but I think the best idea is for you to go into the
bedroom upstairs undress and put a dressing gown on. Nothing underneath. That
way at least you will not have the embarrassment of undressing in front of Sarah
or me. I'm going to see you naked before the end of the evening anyway and you
are not some teenage virgin. You lived with a man for a couple of years and I
have no doubt was frequently naked in front of him. Then when the time comes you
will only have to slip the gown from your shoulders."

Veronica wasn't keen on the idea. She thought she was only going to have to life
her skirt and drop her knickers but now it seemed she was going to be completely
nude. However, she thought he might be right so went off to the bedroom.

Sarah arrived. Veronica was still in the bedroom. "Did she not come?"

"Yes, she came. She is getting ready and will be here in a minute or two. We are
going to do it in the cellar where the noise won't notice especially if we put
the radio and the lathe on." He led Sarah down the stairs and seated her in an
old easy chair, one he used when studying plans or reading a book. "I'll go and
get her. She may be trying to delay the inevitable."

Veronica was sitting on the bed in her gown, softly sobbing. Richard grabbed a
pillow from the bed, took her hand and without speaking, led her down the
stairs. He placed her at the end of the narrow woodwork bench and said softly,
"Veronica, you know what is going to happen. This is your last chance to change
your mind. If you decide not to go through with it now, then you can go back
upstairs and dress and I will drive you home. If you have decided to stay then
remove the dressing gown and drape yourself along the bench." He laid the pillow
on the end of the bench so as to soften the hard edge. For a few moments it
looked as if she was going to flee. She looked at Sarah, then at Richard and
pulled the gown tighter to her body.

Sarah said quietly, "The sooner you do it the sooner it will be over." Veronica
opened the gown, slipped it over a nearby stool and laid along the bench.
Richard took some plant ties and fastened her outstretched arms to the bench
legs.

"You've made your decision now. However much you plead or beg won't make any
difference. You can scream at the top of your voice and no one will hear you but
it would be better for your character to try and control it as much as possible.
I know it is going to hurt and hurt like hell. Normally I cane over a boy's
trousers and after six they are howling so don't be too ashamed of yourself it
you cannot keep from crying out. Ready now for the first one."

Positioning herself so she could see the delivery and effect of every stroke
Sarah waited breathlessly for the cane to descend.

Thwish, THWACK!! The cane bit into Veronica's arse. Immediately she let out a
scream. It felt as though she had been cut in two. She started pleading and
begging that she couldn't take it but before many of the words came out, thwish,
THWACK, the second one landed. Another scream roared from her lips. A second
stripe across the white flesh. Richard had started just above the crease of her
thighs and was working up. There was a finger width between the two marks.

Thwish, THWACK!! Another scream and incoherent words. Veronica had not thought
any pain could be as bad as this. She badly wanted to change her mind but no
longer had the choice.

After six strokes Sarah commented, "That is what my boy had. That's gets you
even. Now you get punished." She seemed to be enjoying the sight and pain and
the glazed look in her eyes indicated to Richard that she was becoming sexually
stimulated. He also thought Sarah was wrong in equating the six he had given
Jeremy over his pants to the six Veronica had taken. Hers were far worse yet he
didn't want to appear to be lenient with her. Sarah had to get her pound of
flesh otherwise she still might go to the governors. However, he did try to pull
back a little on the final six but the poor creature on the bench was shaking
and sobbing dementedly. He knew she had reached her limit. "Brave woman though,"
he thought.

Sarah seemed to think so too. She came to the bench and put her arms over
Veronica and said, "You were much braver than I thought. I didn't think you
would even come." Sarah gently touched the fiery bum and slowly slid her finger
down the girls crack. She found the opening moist but not wet.

"Don't do that to her Sarah," Richard commanded, "You promised to leave when you
saw she had taken her punishment."

"I know I did but its really turned me on - and you too by the looks of things,"
Sarah replied looking at the bulge in Richard's trousers. "Come here!" She
grabbed the trousers by the waistline, pulled Richard to her and quickly freed
his cock. "That's a nice size one. Try it in her to see how it fits." Taking
hold of him by his cock head she positioned it at the opening of Veronica's
cunt. "Go on then, push it in. She's caused you a lot of trouble too so you
might as well get a little pleasure from it."

Richard's cock was now fully hard and the head lay within the entrance to her
vagina. Gently he pushed it almost all the way in. Her tight hole felt great so
he gently began to fuck in and out. Veronica was still sobbing and saying, "No,
no, no," but Richard's passion, fired by Sarah's encouragement, was too much. He
couldn't stop now but he restrained himself from plunging in so deeply that he
hit her tender flesh.

By now Sarah had her trouser front open and was openly fingering her cunt.
Between moans of ecstasy she incited to Richard to push in harder and "Give the
bitch the fucking she deserves." Given the situation, it wasn't long before he
came deep inside her pussy. Sarah too climaxed and with an "Oh my God, that was
wild," came back down to earth and was immediately apologetic for what she had
done.

"Sorry, I got carried away," she said, "Now you know my little secret too so we
will all have to keep our mouths shut about what happened here. Sorry Veronica,
the punishment was far worse than I imagined it would be but once it had started
I didn't seem able to stop it. The sight was too stimulating. I am sorry. Really
sorry. It wasn't how I thought of it when I dreamed up the idea." She kissed the
girl on the cheek. "I'll leave and let Richard to look after you now." She
turned to Richard, "She needs some tender loving care now. I'll see myself out.
Good night - and thanks."

Richard had tears in his eyes as he spoke to the sobbing woman. "I am sorry too
Veronica. I let myself get carried away and I shouldn't have. I will take care
of you though. First I will cut those ties but you should remain in the position
you are for a little while. I'll put some cold wet towels on the stripes to help
ease the pain and then run a luke warm bath for you."

While the towels were trying to take some of the fire from her rear, Richard ran
the bath and then supported her with an arm around her back and under her
armpits as they made their way to the bath. Veronica's cries had eased to a
steady sobbing while the towel was in place but now moving caused more pain and
she cried loudly again. She knelt on one of the wet towels he placed in the bath
and carefully lowered herself until he arse almost touched her heels. She didn't
dare sit down fully.

"Soak like that for a little while and I'll get a couple of 'Cuprofen' tablets
and see what cream I have that might help ease the pain." When he returned
Veronica noticed he had his dressing gown on and hers over his arm. Slipping
that and his slippers off, he got into the bath with her a started to carefully
wash her back. His cock hung semi-hard near her face and she saw the weapon that
had so recently violated her. It was bigger than Mark's but not abnormally
large. Richard knelt and washed her tear stained face. For some moments they
looked directly in each others eyes. He kissed her forehead and repeated his
apology. Veronica could see the tears in his eyes too but was more concerned
with the pain in her rear. "Help me up Richard, please," She said.

As the water drained from the tub, he helped her to her feet. They stood face to
face and on impulse he pulled her body close to his and held her tight. Her
breasts squashed against his chest. Again he kissed her forehead and then moved
down to gently kiss her lips. She didn't pull away.

Opening the biggest, fluffiest towel he had in the house, Richard carefully
dried her. He paid particular attention to her breasts and cuntal area and she
passively allowed him to. All this stimulated Richardand his cock rose again.
Trying to ignore it, he carefully rubbed the plump teacher's body until she was
dry and, taking her gently by the hand led her to his bedroom. There he laid her
face down on his bed and again left the room returning minutes later with a pot
of cream which he very carefully applied to her sore buttocks. Her sobbing had
largely quietened. The Cuprofen painkillers were kicking in so unless she moved,
the pain was reduced to a very painful ache.

Richard lay naked on the bed beside her. "You raped me Richard. You know that
don't you?" He yet again apologised. "You said you wouldn't do anything I didn't
want. You said you would take me home afterwards. Will you still do that?"

"Yes, if you really insist but I will do all I can to persuade you to stay. I
can look after you better than you can look after yourself at the moment."

"Does 'looking after me' include raping me again, Richard?"

"No. I won't rape you but I will try and make love to you again before you go.
All three of us have done wrong, have done things we cannot be proud of. Try and
draw a line under it all and make a fresh start. Today is a day we will remember
all our lives and I hope it will be a turning point in our relationship too. I
had mixed feelings about thrashing you but it seemed the only way to save your
career. I hope you will forgive me and perhaps we can forge a closer
relationship with each other.

Veronica was bewildered by the meaning behind the words. Did he want more than
the headmaster - teacher relationship? Her mind was in a whirl. He had just
beaten her and now was talking about a close relationship. She lay facing him
trying to read in his eyes what his mouth was saying. She asked what he actually
meant.

To answer the question Richard pulled her head to him and kissed her hard on the
mouth. Veronica felt the power, the control he had over her. He was used to
being in the top position. She was used to accepting orders. She knew he would
always control her and she felt she wanted him to. "I'll let you look after me
in the way you want for the whole weekend and then we will see how things go
from there," she kissed him back, "But don't forget you've made me very sore and
you won't be able to do everything you might wish. I won't be able to just lie
down and open my legs for you to bang away but I will let you do what I can and
to help you relieve some of your tension." Her hand went to his crotch and
squeezed his hard cock. It had been too long since she had a man in bed beside
her. The cock felt warm and firm in her hand. It would feel nice inside her cunt
when she felt able to take it.

"You want it don't you?" It was as much of a statement as a question. Veronica
nodded. "Roll on to of me then." Despite the pain she did as he requested and
slowly worked his cock inside her. Gently she worked to and fro on it but the
pain was too great for a satisfactory climax. Both were disappointed but had to
accept she was unable to take it yet. Veronica lay on top of him and he held her
tightly for some time before they both had to make journeys to the loo and
prepare for bed.

Both had a very restless night. Neither had slept with another person for some
time and Veronica kept unconsciously turning on to her back and waking up with a
start as the pain in her arse hit her. 3 a.m. Veronica woke yet again and this
time tried to creep out of bed and get the cream which was on Richard's side of
the bed. This of course, woke him and he put the cream on for her. They decided
they might as well get up and have a mug of tea and Veronica could take another
Cuprofen. Standing at the kitchen counter drinking their tea, Richard suddenly
put his arms around her and pulled her close. They kissed and Richard remarked
he was glad she hit the boy otherwise he would never have been able to hold her
like this. She laughingly replied that it was alright for him, he hadn't been at
the receiving end of the stick. She would have preferred an alternative method
of getting this close to him. Never-the-less she held him tight and could feel
his erection against her loins. Opening her legs she allowed it to enter her
vagina. Once in Richard held still for a short while and then slowly and gently
began to fuck her. Seeing she could take the gentle motion he increased the
speed and force of his thrusts until both were responding unreservedly and it
wasn't long before Veronica climaxed and a minute later, so did Richard.

For a while he left his shrinking penis inside her but soon it fell out of its
own volition. They still clasped each other for some time before he finally led
her back to bed.




Chapter 5. Aftermath

Breakfast was a leisurely stand up affair after which Richard drove to the
nearest chemist to see if he could get a more effective salve and to get enough
food in stock for two people for the long weekend. With the aid of the salve and
painkilling pills, Veronica was able to lie on her back by Sunday evening and
the pair fucked like rabbits most of the night and had to spend the bank holiday
Monday recovering.

During Saturday, Richard made several phone calls and in the afternoon Sarah
popped in 'on her way to the shops' although it was actually an out of the way
route. They all knew why she called and when she ordered Veronica to show her
arse, Veronica did so. Sarah bent her over the back of the couch, 'to examine
her properly' and when she had had a good look and a feel she planted a kiss
right on Veronica's cunt. Both knew they could smell Richard's sperm that was
oozing from her. "Jeremy's bottom was still very colourful and sore when I
checked this morning, so I guess yours will be too for a long while yet,"
remarked Sarah.

"Did you kiss his better too?" responded Veronica.

"Well I did actually. And he got a hard on too so perhaps he really did want to
squeeze your tits. He is getting to be quite grown up now. Perhaps I should do
it for him?" Veronica could see the way Sarah's mind was working and facing her
said, "Sarah, you've had your moneys worth and more. Take one more look at the
results of your blackmail. It will be the last time you will see it."

******

Tuesday came all too quickly, Veronica could sit but was uncomfortable on a hard
chair or if she had to sit for long periods. Richard took her to her home early
in the morning so that she could change and then drive to school in her own car.

The first class of the day was the dreaded math's class. Richard came in with
her to make sure the class settled down. He told the class he would be looking
in from time to time to make sure they were behaving and to give Miss Jones any
extra help she needed. He then continued, "Jeremy, you seem to have been the
root cause of the trouble last Thursday, not because you are really bad but
because the work being done in this class is not up to the standard of your
ability. I think it is no secret that Miss Jones' math's is not up to that
standard either so I have asked Mr. Sixsmith to set you the same work as his
lower sixth form class. Unfortunately through lack of space he cannot take you
into that class but he will set the work and at the beginning of each lesson you
will stand at the back while he goes over the work and then bring it back here
to do. There will be no need for you to have any dealings with Miss Jones or ask
her how to do the work. She will not know. And now Miss Jones has something to
say to you all."

"Class I humbly apologise to you all for my actions last week and for the great
inconvenience it caused you all. I should not have allowed myself to have been
goaded into hitting Jeremy so to you and him, I say, I am very sorry and I will
try to do better for the rest of this term. With your help I know we can do well
together." She carried on for a few minutes more outlining what she expected of
them and what they could expect from her. At the end she apologised to the class
once more.

Jeremy stood up and said an apology was all very well, it was just words. He had
been caned and was still sore. Miss had got away with it very lightly.

Before Richard could stop her, Veronica moved in front of her desk and turned so
her back was towards them. Slowly she lifted her skirt to reveal the fiery
tramlines that streaked her bottom. She wore thong panties that covered her
crotch but didn't rub the cheeks. Gasps went up from the class and several girls
cried out, "Oh Miss!" Jeremy went very red in the face. He had hoped to gain
kudos but had been completely upstaged. Veronica held the skirt up for only a
few seconds before turning to her class and telling them to open their books.



Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





