BDSM Library - Amanda's 17th Birthday Story




Amanda's 17th Birthday Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Amanda Book 5: After a terrible experience a year earlier Mandi has sworn off men; until...
BY  ANGELGIRL
                                                          
                                             
                             "Amanda's 17TH Birthday Story" [Book5, Part A]  

      Introduction,

  After a terrible experience when I was fifteen years old I promised myself I
would never have anything to do with guys again. This story begins a few days
before my seventeenth birthday. I was getting accustomed to the idea that I
would live the rest of my days like a nun when "HE" came into my life. It was
love at first sight. I felt like I had been struck by lightning. This is a true
story. The facts are recorded in my diaries; but I have changed some of the
names and places to protect the guilty.


                                           "The Story"


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

"Holly shit!  It's almost 5 p.m.," Amanda thought as she looked at her watch. 
"I've been in the sun for hours.  I had better go in or I will be cooked like a
lobster."

She lazily fluffed the pillow on the cot and rolled over onto her tummy.  A
feeling of discomfort rippled through her pubes as the rough fabric rubbed
against her naked body.

"I had better get out of the sun, my nipples feel like they are raw," she
giggled to herself.

She loved lying in the nude beside her parent's pool.  It gave her a great
pleasure knowing that the household staff could see her.  She knew that the
Gardner and the cooks made more trips than they need to; she loved teasing them.

"Would you like me to freshen your drink before I leave?"  She heard a pleasant
voice asking.

Amanda turned to see Mille in her pretty maids uniform standing over her.  She
watched as Millie's eyes traveled the full-length of her body.

"No Mille, thank you; but I will be going in soon," Amanda answered.

As Mille walked away Amanda's young ears could hear her talking to herself. 
"Brazen little slut.  Some day she will regret being such a cock tease."

 Amanda giggled when she overheard Millie's words.  She knew that no one would
react to her behaviour for fear of what her father might do.  As she walked from
the pool she could feel their eyes following her.

She turned on the shower in the large changing room, its warm stream felt
soothing on her hot flesh. As she stepped from the shower and began to dry
herself she caught her reflection in the floor to ceiling mirror.  She dropped
the towel and raised her hands under her breasts.  Her hips began to sway to the
music only she could hear.   A large smile appeared on her face as she watched
the body in the mirror.

Amanda had every reason to smile at what she saw.  Looking back at her was a
stunning young woman.  She was five foot one inch tall and just under a hundred
pounds.  Her long curly blond hair draped over her shoulders resting on her
breasts. The dark green eyes twinkling as they devilishly looked back into hers.

"I doubt there are many sixteen-year-olds that have experienced what I have. I
just love it when men look at me, and I haven't met one that doesn't," she
giggled as she did a seductive little grind with her hips.

She was walking to her bedroom when she heard someone knocking at the front
door.  She paid little attention as she expected one of the servants would
answer; but the knocking continued.

"Shit!  It's Friday.  All the staff have gone for the weekend.  I'll have to
answer it," she thought as she ran to her closet to get something to put on.

She pulled a silk Japanese geisha gown from the closet wrapping it around
herself as she ran to the door.

Her Father and Mother took every opportunity to go sailing in good weather, and
this was one of those weekends; the staff were given the weekends off.  Amanda
usually went with her parents until she protested that she was old enough to
decide for herself; after all she was almost seventeen years old.  Her parents
jumped at the opportunity to go off by themselves.  That is how it came to be
that Amanda had the house to herself on this Friday afternoon.

As she approached the large front door she could see a figure through the
stained-glass.  She didn't hesitate to open the door as she knew her father's
profile so well.

"I wonder why Daddy has come home, and why is he knocking at the front door? 
Where is Mom?  There must be something wrong," were the thoughts going through
her mind as she hurried to open the door.

"Daddy!"  She yelled rushing out to greet him.

The evening sun was behind the figure in the doorway making him a dark
silhouette to her.  She wrapped her arms around his waist pulling herself
tightly to his body.  She felt a hand resting on her shoulder.  She could feel
his naked waist and the beads of sweat on his back.  Her face was buried into
his hard belly.  As she slowly pulled back she could see the belly was deeply
tanned and covered in thick dark curly hair.  A shriek echoed from her lungs as
she jumped from the man she had mistaken for her father.  In her haste she
tumbled backwards onto the floor; her gown spilling open revelling her nakedness
to the stranger.  Before Amanda knew what was happening she had been lifted into
his arms; a terrifying fear rippled through her body.  She was about to scream
when she heard the stranger speak.

"Are you all right little one?  I didn't mean to frighten you.  I'll set you
down on the couch," the soft voice said.

"Daddy?  That's my Daddies voice," Amanda thought in total confusion as the
stranger laid her onto the couch.

This was the first chance she had to look at the intruder that reminded her so
much of her father.  Her mouth dropped open as her eyes began to trace his
outlying.  It was her father, only much younger.  This beautiful man standing
over her couldn't have been more than 30 years old.  She gazed at his deeply
tanned body as he stood before her in shorts and sandals.  His long black hair
reminded her of the flowing main of a wild stallion.  His body was large and
masculine; he was easily six feet tall.  His deep green eyes were the same eyes
as her fathers.

"Who, who are you?"  She managed to ask in a squeaky voice.

"I'm Ralph" the stranger answered with a smile.  "I'm Adrin's brother.  And who
may I ask is the lovely creature before me?"  He chuckled.

Amanda was dumbfounded.  She knew that her father had a younger brother but she
had never even seen a picture before now.  All she knew about him was that he
worked for her Daddy in another country.  This beautiful man standing over her
was her uncle.

  "Adrin is my Daddy.  I'm Mandi", she said as her eyes followed the lines of
his muscular legs; resting momentarily on the thick bulge just inches from her
face. He was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen.  He was her father,
only much younger.

"I never believed in love at first sight, "Until now!," she thought to herself. 
"My heart is pounding so wildly I feel like I'm going to faint.  It must be
destiny that has brought us together.  I know that I love him, I would do
anything to have him, anything at all."

After Ralph finished introducing himself and explaining to her that he would be
staying for a few weeks, he asked if she wouldn't mind showing him to the guest
room as he hadn't sleep in almost two days.

"I really need to get some rest," he said.  "We will have lots of time to talk
tomorrow."

After Mandi showed him to his room she returned to her bedroom and collapsed
onto her bed; her hands quickly falling between her legs. "All the men that have
flirted with me in the past have just been a joke," she thought.  "But I know
that my heart and soul belong to Ralph.  I have never felt like this before; I
would die for him. I must have him. I ach so badly; my heart aches so badly,"
she thought as she cried herself to sleep.

The next morning she looked out to see Ralph lying on a towel beside the pool. 
She put on her skimpiest string bikini and walked proudly out to him. 

"I feel like a virgin Princess," she giggled.  "I'm sure he will want me as soon
as he sees my body."

"Hi Ralph, how are you this morning?"  She said standing over him with her legs
slightly spread.

"I feel much better today Mandi," he answered formally, barely taking a second
glance.

Mandi's bubble burst that morning.  Ralph took no notice of her.  He treated her
as if she were a child.  She had never been treated like that before.  She had
never met a man who hadn't at least tried flirting with her.  It made her all
the more determined to win his love. "I will show Ralph that I am meant for him. 
I will prove myself to him no matter what it takes.  I will do anything,
anything at all."

Mandi was sure her parents would sense something was different that Friday
afternoon as they got ready to leave.  As hard as she tried she couldn't hold
back the excitement building in her as thoughts about being left alone with
Ralph danced in her mind.

As her parents drove away she and Ralph stood at the front door waving to them. 
She could feel her body trembling with excitement.  As soon as her parents' car
was out of sight Ralph turned to her.

 "Well little one; the house is all ours.  What shall we do to entertain
ourselves?"  He laughed as she turned back towards his room.

Mandi followed him like an obedient puppy.  As they reached his door he turned
to her again.  "A friend of mine should be here in a short while.  If I don't
hear the door would you mind answering it for me?"  He asked smiling down on
her.

"Yes Ralph," was all she was able to say as she watched him disappear behind his
door.

"No!!!!!!  No!!   He has a girlfriend." She thought as tears began to swell. 
"And he wants me to let the bitch in.  I would rather die."

Mandi decided to sit in the living room and wait.  Even though she hated the
idea of Ralph been with someone else she wasn't going to do anything to make him
mad.  She would be there to answer the door.

"At least I will get to see the whore," Mandi thought sadly.

She didn't have long to wait.  In less than a half-hour there was a knock at the
front door.  She ran to the door flinging in open, her eyes glaring straight
ahead expecting to look into the eyes of another girl.  She blinked several
times when all she could see was a massive silver belt buckle.  She slowly
raised her head until she was looking directly into the dark eyes of the biggest
black man she had ever seen; he towered over her.  She was about to run back
through the door as he spoke.

"Is this where Ralph lives?"  He said in a voice that seemed to shake the walls. 
"I'm Jimmy, Ralph's friend.  He told me to be here at 6 p.m.  Is this not the
right house?"  He asked seeming to sense Mandi's fear of him.

"Oh my God! It wasn't a girl Ralph was expecting. He's the biggest African I
have ever seen; he must be seven feet tall."  She thought as she slowly began to
regain her composure.

"Yes, yes," she stuttered.  "Ralph lives here.  Please come in, he is expecting
you." She answered trying to be formal yet polite.  She led the huge man into
the living room asking him to have a seat while she called Ralph.

When Ralph came into the living room she watched as the two men hugged each
other like lost brothers.

"God!  I'm glad you are here Jimmy," she heard Ralph's saying.  "I don't think I
could do this without your help.  What do you think of the project?"

"I think it has a lot of potential.  You could make a lot of money with this
one."  She heard Jimmy respond in a roar of laughter.

"Dam!  All they want to do is talk about business, she thought as she watched
the two men walk into Ralph room and close the door behind them.

Mandi stood with her ear to his door listening; they were talking and laughing. 
After a few minuets she could hear they had turned on the TV. The sounds of
women's moaning and screams burst from under the door.

"They are watching Porno movies," she thought as a shiver rippled through her. 
"I would do anything to be in there with Ralph.  I must think of some way to get
in his room."

If an opportunity came up Mandi didn't want to miss it; she decided to sit on
the couch where she would have a good view of Ralph's door. But it wasn't long
before she fell into a deep sleep.  She woke to someone shaking her shoulder.

"You had better go to bed little one.  It's getting late."  She heard Ralph's
voice saying. It was past midnight. 

As she struggled to raise her sleepy body her housecoat fell open again. This
time she was in no hurry to cover herself; she wanted Ralph to see her
nakedness. A feeling of despair overwhelmed her when Ralph looking into her eyes
seemingly not to notice.

"Jimmy and I are going out," He said coldly.  "I may not be home until late
tomorrow."

As they walked away Jimmy turned back to look several times.  "Too bad you're
not a little older."  She heard him laughing as they walked out the front door.

Ralph didn't return until Sunday evening; he went directly to his room.  For the
next two weeks it was the same thing over and over again.  Jimmy would come over
and they would go into Ralph room and watch Porno movies.  Then they would leave
and not come back until Sunday afternoon.  Mandi had tried everything she could
think of to get Ralph's attention, but it had no effect on him.

"I have to do something to make Ralph see me, I must, I must," she thought
crying herself to sleep after watching them leave again. She decided the only
thing to do was walk into Ralph's room and see what he would do. 

The following Friday she waited until she could hear Ralph and Jimmy laughing.
She knew they were watching porno movies again.  With all the courage she could
muster she opened the door and walked into the room.  Ralph and Jimmy were
sitting on the couch watching the TV. She froze when her eyes fell onto the
screen; there were naked women tied to a wall and it looked like they were
bleeding.

"Get the fuck out!" Ralph yelled as he quickly turned off the TV.


He was really mad, but Mandi was determined not to leave. She threatened she
would tell her mom they were watching bad porno movies if he didn't let her
stay.

"You little bitch; I could get in a lot of trouble if they found out you were in
here. If I let you stay you must promise never to tell anyone."

Mandi's heart was pounding so wildly that her head was beginning spin. Now that
she would be able to stay in Ralph's room; she was sure he would pay attention
to her.

 "If your going to be here you might as well learn what it is to be a female.
There is only one purpose for women and that is to give pleasure to men," Ralph
laughed.

 One movie, ["The Story of 0,"], played over and over again. It was about a girl
who was willing to be a slave for the man she loved. Ralph told her it was the
best movie to teach her how to be a real woman. Mandi wanted so badly to please
Ralph; she even tried acting like the girl in the movie. But still Ralph never
touched her.

"I must be ugly or something," she thought, "Maybe they think I'm too young, I'm
almost seventeen. Maybe Ralph just hates me; I'm going to try one more time.
Next Friday I'm going to make myself really sexy, I'm going to try to be like
the slut in the movie."

The next Friday Mandi went to her mother's room and took a tiny red nighty that
was very revealing and low-cut with spaghetti straps. After putting it on she
looked at herself in her mother's mirror; "I look so hot. Ralph will have to
want me now."

 Ralph and Jimmy were already sitting on the couch watching movies when she
walked in. She walked across the floor as slow and sexy as she could. She
dropped onto her knees and lay on her belly on the floor facing the TV. Her
heart was pounding so hard she was sure they could see her body bouncing on the
floor. The room seemed so hot she was gasping for air. She clasped her hands
together in front of herself to keep them from trembling. She knew the nightey
had ridden up her legs; she could feel the cool air licking the backs of her
knees. But she was prepared to go much farther; as she pushed backwards. She
could feel the thin fabric moving up her legs till the cool air licked across
her exposed bum. She was having trouble breathing as her tiny heart beat into
her lungs. Slowly she began to spread her legs on the soft carpet till she was
sure her young pussy was exposed to the two men sitting behind her. As her heart
pounded wildly she knew it was filling with blood and glistening with wetness
before their eyes. Imagining them looking between her legs was causing it to
twitch with little jolts of electricity. She closed her eyes and tried to calm
her breathing as she waited for their reaction.

She could hear Jimmy and Ralph whispering; then she heard someone moving. Jimmy
came down the floor beside her; she could feel the heat from his body as he drew
close to her.  She felt his huge hand go under her nightey and begin rubbing her
back. Mandi looked up to see Ralph's reflection in the screen of the TV. "I am
getting attention," she thought. "But I wish it was Ralph down here with me."
Jimmy's hands are so big and strong; I'm sure he could crush me if he wanted to.
But he does know how to use them; they feel wonderful.

"She has been teasing me for too long, I am going to fuck this little slut"
Jimmy growled through his teeth.

A cold shiver ran up Mandi's spine as the thought of Jimmy's massive body
covering hers filled her mind. She felt his powerful fingers sliding between the
cracks of her ass and begin to spread it apart. She didn't know what to do. She
didn't want Jimmy to be the one with her but she didn't want to make Ralph mad
either. Her body started to stiffen and she slowly tried to bring her legs back
together. She couldn't do it; she couldn't go through with it; she couldn't let
this monster rip her in half. As her mouth opened to scream she heard Ralph
yelling at Jimmy.

"You know the rules "AssHole". I say when she gets it." He bellowed.

Mandi felt Jimmy's hand lift from between the cheeks of her ass and pull away
from her. She lay frozen to the floor as he got to his feet and returned to the
couch. She wanted to pull her nitey down but was to afraid to move. She really
wondered what Ralph had meant; but she knew he would get mad if she asked. The
first thing she had learned was he wanted her to be obedient. She lay on the
floor for what seemed an eternity; she had no idea what they were doing. She
wanted to jump up and run but she knew that would be the end of any chance she
had with Ralph. When she heard him telling her to stand up and come to him she
was both relieved and terrified.

"Come here and give me a kiss little one." He said pleasantly.

 As Mandi leaned over him he turned his head so that she could only kiss him on
the cheek.

 "You have had enough excitement for tonight. Go to your room now and have a
good rest. You will need all your energy very soon."

 Mandi ran from the room crying; she knew she had let Ralph down. She climbed
into her bed and hid her head under the covers.

 "If Ralph ever gives me another chance I will do anything he wants;
anything,,anything,,anything". She thought as she cried herself to sleep.


      That Thursday was her seventeenth birthday. There was cake and gifts from
everyone. For just a moment she and Ralph were in the room alone, "Now you are
old enough to butcher." He said and then he was gone out the door.

That Friday Mandi's mother and father went sailing as usual; and around seven
p.m. Jimmy came over.

"How is the little bitch tonight?" He laughed. "Are you ready to be butchered?"

Mandi smiled; but said nothing as she listened to Jimmy say he had a birthday
present for her. He handed her a box and told her she was to wear what was
inside when she came to Ralph's room.

She ran to her room with the present and opened it. Her mouth dropped when she
looked inside; it was the teeniest set of "Baby-Doll" PJs she had ever seen.
They were bright pink and totally see-through, with panties split in the crotch.
She quickly striped off her clothes and put on the present. She stood in front
of her mirror and began to do a dance. Each time she would spread her legs she
could see the panties opening; revelling her already wet pussy. Her mind was
swimming with excitement.

As she walked into the room Ralph and Jimmy sat silently staring at her. She
walked across the room and decided to lie in her usual spot on the floor.

"I didn't tell you to lay there! You will only do as I say," she heard Ralph say
in a commanding way. "Come sit on the couch between me and Jimmy."

Without saying a word Mandi sat on the couch between the two men; she was
determined not to displease Ralph tonight.

"Are you prepared to be mine? Will you do anything I tell you without question?
Are you my slave?" he asked smiling into her face.

"I would do anything he wants," thought Mandi to herself before she spoke.

"I am yours Ralph," she answered, "I will do anything you say." She could see
Ralph was pleased with her answer.

"From now on whenever you are alone with me you are not to speak unless I allow
it. You must not look me or any of my friends in the eyes, and you will address
me as "Master". Do you understand?"

 "Yes Master." Mandi answered proudly.

 Jimmy began laughing, "You sure have trained this little bitch well. I think
she has been worth waiting for."

Ralph told her to stand in front of them and slowly remove the Baby-Dolls.


Mandi did as she was told, lifting the top up and over her head dropping it to
the floor. She then leaned forward and very slowly pulled the panties down
stepping out of them one foot at a time. Next Ralph told her to spread her legs;
she could feel the cool air caressing her nether lips as she obeyed her masters
commands. The men got up and began walking around her. They were saying what a
beautiful little bitch she was. They were standing behind her when she felt
Ralph put his hand between her legs and push the tip of his finger into her.

"God!  You wouldn't believe how fucking wet this little virgin cunt is." he
yelled to Jimmy.

Mandi's heart felt like it had stopped beating when she heard those words; she
shivered with fear as she realized Ralph thought she was a virgin. 

"I must hold my pussy tight; I would die if he found out.  I must make him think
he's the first."  She thought as she tightened her pussy muscles as hard as she
could.

"Its cherry popping time," Jimmy laughed as he smiled down at her..

"Get down on your hands and knees; and spread your legs apart," Ralph said in a
gruff tone.

Mandi had no idea what was going to happen; nor was it what she was thinking
about as she knelt down onto the floor.

"I must make Ralph proud of me; I must make him love me. I will be good,,,,,I
will be good." Were the only thoughts in her mind.

"This one seems like she is going to be perfect, but I can't believe she will
pass all the tests," Mandi heard Jimmy saying.

"If she truly loves me and wants to be mine she will," Ralph laughed loudly.

Mandi was more determined than ever to prove she was worthy of Ralph's love.

"I will never complain no matter what he wants." thought Mandi as she knelt
quietly on the floor.

 Ralph moved around behind her leaving Jimmy standing in front. He grabbed each
cheek of her ass into his hands and roughly spread them apart. She could feel
his hot breath blowing between her legs.

"It feels so wonderful", Mandi cooed as a surge of pleasure flowed deep into her
belly. Suddenly she felt jolts of pure energy rippling all around her pussy; it
was the most intense feeling she had ever known.

"OH MY GOD!!! He's sticking his tongue inside of me. I have never felt anything
so good; his tongue is so hot. He is making my heart skip a beat each time he
licks. I don't think I can take much more; I'm going to cum." she thought as she
swooned oblivious to anything else happening around her.

"This little bitch has got one tight cunt. It's going to be fun popping her
cherry," Ralph laughed loudly.

"I don't give a fuck about her cunt," Jimmy answered. "It's that pretty little
throat of hers I want."

Mandi felt Ralph resting his hands on her hips and dig his fingers into her
waist. When she felt the head of his cock pushing between her legs she tightened
her pussy muscles as hard as she could; she desperately wanted Ralph to think
she was a virgin..

"Relax!  You fucking cunt!" He yelled at her.


Ralph grabbed her hips again, this time pushing her foreword away from him.
Before she knew what was happening he was pulling hard; bringing her down on
him; it felt like she was being ripped in half.

"My pussy is splitting wide open!" she screamed in silent agony.

The pain was so intense she began to fall over. She heard Ralph yelling at her
to straighten up. In one hard push Ralph had buried his cock all the way into
her young cunt.

Mandi knew she must be bleeding. She could feel it running down her legs. The
pain was terrible but she didn't make a sound.

Ralph began to pump fast and hard. To her amazement the pain was going away. It
was starting to feel good.

"I am finally been fucked by Ralph," she thought. "I hope he never comes out of
me. I want him inside of me forever. I don't want this to ever end."

 She didn't notice when Jimmy got down on his knees in front of her and began to
pull down his pants. The sound of his belt buckle dropping to the floor caused
her to open her eyes. She gasped when she saw the size of his manhood; it was
pointing straight at her.

"Oh my God!" she thought." Is that thing for real? I have never seen anything
that big; not even in the movies."

"Lift your head up and open your mouth," she heard Jimmy saying.

 Without really thinking about what he had said she did as Jimmy said. As she 
opening her mouth she felt him wrapping his massive hands around her neck; he
was cutting her air off. Still not understanding what was happening she opened
her mouth as wide as she could trying to take in a breath of air. It was then
that Jimmy started to feed his thick black cock into her mouth. She felt the
huge round head driving down her throat. It was so thick that it stuck half way
down. It felt as if he was going to split her open as he tried to force it
farther into her.

"I'm going to die! I can't breath! He will kill me!" she thought as fear swept
over her.

"I'm going to need help with this fucking throat," she heard Jimmy laughing
loudly.

Fear ripped through her as she felt Jimmy who was holding her around her neck
and Ralph holding her by the hips both push into her at the same time. The
massive head of Jimmy's cock shot like a piston down her throat.

"I can feel my cock with my hands," Jimmy laughed as he squeezed hard on her
throat.

Mandi could not breathe but she tried not to panic. She kept telling herself
that Ralph wouldn't let anything bad happen to her. She kept telling herself
that as she felt Jimmy squeezing her throat harder and saying how much he loved
to feel his cock with his hands.

"I can't breathe! My head is spinning! OH GOD! What is happening to me? I can't
see! I can't feel anything anymore!"  Mandi screamed in silence as everything
started to go black.

The next thing she knew she was laying on her back and Ralph was blowing air
into her mouth. When he saw her starting coughing he stopped and turned towards
Jimmy. She heard him yelling; he seemed really mad.

"We don't want to snuff this little bitch yet you fucking ass hole. She is going
to make me a lot of money."

"I don't care what he's talking about," thought Mandi. "It's just so wonderful
that he's concerned about me; and giving Jimmy shit for hurting me. I know I can
trust Ralph with my life. I will never need to worry as long as he is there for
me."

When Ralph saw that Mandi was watching them he turned his attention to her.

"Are you okay little bitch?" He asked in a sincere tone.

"Yes master," Mandi answered looking up into his large smile.

"Grab her fucking ankles," Ralph said turning back to Jimmy.

 Without another word they picked her up and carried her over to the bed. They
laid her down on her stomach and told her to spread her legs wide apart. She
spread them as wide as she could but it wasn't wide enough for Ralph. They
grabbed onto her ankles and spread them until her feet were dangling on either
side of the bed. It hurt to be spread so wide, but she didn't make a sound as
they tied ropes around her ankles and pulled them tight. Then she felt them grab
her arms and pull them to the top of the bed. They attached ropes to her wrists
and pulled her arms high up on the headboard. Mandi thought they were pulling
her bones apart as they stretched her body across the bed.

"It scary being tied down and all spread out; but it makes me happy to be
pleasing him," she thought to herself as she felt someone climbing onto the bed
behind her.

"You got to bust her fucking cherry and I didn't even get to finish my blow job.
I think I should get her rose-bud." she heard Jimmy protesting.

"It's all yours," Ralph laughed." But remember, she's worth a lot to me. Don't
go ripping her apart. Use some jelly."

"Ralph is just trying to test me," she thought. "I am sure he will never let
Jimmy do anything to hurt me."

"I'm going to put the gag on her. I don't want her bringing the fucking
neighbourhood down on us." Jimmy said.

"Open your fucking mouth bitch". Jimmy said as he pulled her head back.

Mandi felt the prangs of fear again as Jimmy shoved the rubber ball into her
mouth and wrapped a leather strap around her head. It felt strange and scary;
but if that was what Ralph wanted from her it was what she would do.

Jimmy got between her outstretched legs and began to blow just like Ralph had
done earlier. She could feel his tongue licking deep inside her; but now he was
not being as gentle as Ralph. He was using his teeth and biting the lips of her
pussy. It really hurt; she was still sore from the hard fucking Ralph had given
her.

"I love the taste of this bitch's blood," she heard Jimmy saying. "I'm going to
bite a big piece out of her cunt."

"It will cost you a hundred thousand dollars," Ralph said coldly.

"That is Ralph's way of telling Jimmy not to hurt me. He probably doesn't even
have twenty dollars." She thought as she tried to push the fears back.










"Her time will come,"  Ralph laughed. "You will get your chance. But for now use
the jelly."

 Mandi could hear Ralph walking away; he had gone to the coach and turned on the
TV.  For a moment fear ran it's nails up her spine.

 "Oh no! He has left me alone with Jimmy."

She had to tell herself how much she loved Ralph and wanted to please him. What
ever he wanted to do was good for her and if she wanted to belong to him she
must be willing to let him use her in anyway he wished.

Her fears were just beginning to subside when she felt Jimmy sticking his
fingers into her battered pussy; he wasn't being gentle.

"I got four fingers in this fucking cunt," she heard him saying. "I'm going to
use the jelly and see how many more I can jam in,"



Mandi hoped Ralph would tell him to stop but he didn't say anything as Jimmy
pushing the jelly into her.

"I never felt so wet and gooey in my life," she thought as she felt Jimmy
starting to push his fingers into her again. "It feels like he put a pound of
lard into my poor pussy."

"Man this fucking cunt stretches nice.I got four fingers in with no trouble,"
Jimmy called to Ralph.

Mandi could feel the pain in her pussy as the thin skin tightened around his
fingers. It was worse than before; It felt like he was trying to drive a truck
into her. She was pleading for him to stop but no sounds came past the ball-gag
in her mouth.

"I got all my fingers in this slimy hole; I'm going to fist fuck this fucking
bitch! I know I am," Jimmy yelled in a high pitched voice.

As much as Mandi moaned and wined Ralph remained silent as Jimmy started to push
harder than ever. The pain was becoming so intense that she was sure she was
going to pass out. Bright stars were dancing in front of her eyes. She probably
would have blacked out if it wasn't for Jimmy starting to scream at the top of
his lungs.

"BINGO!!!!  FUCKING  BINGO!!!!!!!!!! I've got my entire fucking fist in her
slimy cunt!" Jimmy yelled over and over.

Mandi tried to scream but couldn't; the ball-gag was doing it's job.  The pain
seemed to be taking her away. It was as if she had been lifted high into the
air. Her mind wandered as she teetered on the brink of unconsciousness; she was
remembering when Jimmy had put his massive cock into her mouth.

"I'm sure his cock is bigger than his fist. I should be thankful that it's not
his cock he is shoving into me," she thought as she tried to calm her frantic
heart.

"This is the most obedient slave yet," Jimmy said loudly. "You were right; she
is worth a fucking fortune."

Mandi was in too much pain to hear what he said. She knew they were older than
her and had other girls before her. Even with the pain that was being inflicted
on her she was able to feel pleased that he said she was the best. She felt
Jimmy pull his hand out of her bleeding pussy. For a moment she thought it was
over; until he started to put jelly into her bum.

Fear overwhelmed her again at the thought of Jimmy forcing his fingers into
"THAT" hole. She didn't think it would be possible for him to put his hand in
her bum without killing her. She couldn't understand why Ralph was allowing it
to happen as she felt his fingers probing the orifice.

"I can only get two fingers into this tight little ass even with jelly," she
heard Jimmy laughing. "This one's going to be a hard nut to crack."

She felt Jimmy pulling her cheeks apart and pushing more jelly into her bum. She
braced herself for him to start pushing again, but instead he pulled his fingers
out and climbed up beside her. His head was right beside hers as he leaned close
to her ear.

 "Are you ready my little bitch?" He asked in an almost gentle tone.

 She felt pressure against her rectum like she had never felt before. She knew
it wasn't Jimmy's hands as they were wrapping themselves around her throat
again. The pressure on her bum was Jimmy's cock.

 "Oh God Noooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!   Please, God, don't let him do this. He will
kill me if he pushes that thing into my bum." She begged in silence as she felt
Jimmy continuing to press.

"I think this nut is finally beginning to crack." She heard Jimmy laughing.

The pain was more than she had ever felt before. It felt like her bum was being
ripped wide-open as his cock filled her insides. Just as she thought the pain
was going to kill her something strange happened; it seemed to change somehow.
For some reason it did not hurt as much now that he was inside of her. She could
feel it going in and out of her as his hands around her neck started to squeeze
again. Fear was the only thing she felt now.

"If Ralph is not watching; Jimmy will surely kill me." She thought as his
fingers closed off her windpipe.

Just as quickly as he was squeezing the life from her he released her neck
again. He was using his hands to guide his cock out of her ass and into her
stretched pussy.

"Oh God !!! His cock is to big." She thought as she felt its mammoth size
filling her tiny birth canal.


She was right; it was much bigger than his hand, but for some reason she felt no
pain as it slid into her effortlessly; she was actually beginning to enjoy it's
weight in her belly.

"I'm going to fill this cunt like it has never been filled before," Jimmy
chuckled as he began to spread the lips of her pussy to their limit.








He began thrusting into her as hard as he could and to her surprise it felt
wonderful. She could feel a tingling in her belly and was beginning to feel
light headed.

"I'm coming, I'm cominggggggggggggggggggggggggg," she heard Jimmy yelling at the
top of his lungs.

She felt like she was being electrocuted. Her pussy muscles were jumping and
contracting by themselves. It was a pain she had never felt before. Even when
she had masturbated it was never anything like this.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa", Erupted in
silence as wave after wave of orgasm rippled throughout her body. She collapsed
into total bliss onto the bed.


"She can be fucked by a horse now," Jimmy said as he pulled his huge black cock
out of her bleeding but satisfied cunt. "I don't think there is a limit to how
much her fucking cunt will stretch; her hole will stretch a mile. They had no
way of knowing the pleasure he had just given her.

"She's all yours Ralph." He laughed as he lifted his huge body from her.

"We'll find out next weekend just how much she can stretch."  Ralph laughed.
"But for now I want more of that juicy young cunt."

Ralph and Jimmy took turns fucking her until early morning. Then they untied her
and went back to watching TV as if she wasn't there.

Mandi lay motionless on the bed; to sore and tired to move.

"You had better get up and go back to your room." Ralph said after a little
while

She was so sore that she could hardly get off the bed.

"Are you happy that you pleased me tonight?" she heard Ralph asked her.

"Yes master," She said with a weak smile..

"You did very well tonight, but your real tests are yet to come. Go to bed and
get lots of rest. You will need it," Ralph said.

The next morning as she stood in the shower the stream of water was dancing on
her swollen pussy. She pulled it tight between her legs and leaned her back to
the wall. Within moments she could feel the electric shock of orgasms overcome
her again. She almost fell to the floor from the beautiful pain.

"I owe it all to Ralph." She moaned. "If it had not been for him I would never
know such pleasure."

When she went downstairs to the kitchen her mother was waiting for her.

"You look radiant today." Her mother said. "Ralph must have let you in on the
secret birthday present he has for you."

Mandi was surprised, "What does mom mean; does she know something about last
night,"

"Ralph must have told you he wants to take you skiing with him on the weekend."


Although Ralph had not said a thing to Mandi; she smiled a knowing smile back to
her mother.

"You know; if I let you go Ralph will be in charge. You will have to do as he
says." Mandi almost laughed but managed to keep a straight face.

 "I understand Mommy." She said with a private smirk.

Mandi's father had owned a cabin in "Aspen" long before her mother had married
him. He went there often before they were married, but since Mandi was born they
mostly let his brother and a few close friends use it.

When Ralph came down he told Mandi's mom, [Barbra] that they would like to leave
on Friday morning and asked if it was okay if they came back Saturday evening.

"If Amanda doesn't do as you say you just put her on the plain and send her
home." Barbra laughed.

"I'm sure she will be a very good little girl," Ralph answered.

Mandi knew that she wasn't allowed to speak when she and Ralph were alone. She
was only allowed to say, "Yes master", or "No master"; but she really wanted to
know what was happening as they stood in the hallway outside her room.

"This is your first big test. I will tell you only what I feel you need to know.
Some of my friends will be coming on Friday. There will be about fifteen of us.
You will please me by entertaining my friends. If they are pleased with you when
we leave then I will be pleased with you. Do you understand?"

All she could think of was; "Fifteen Men!!",,, "All Weekend!!".  It scared her
to death; but she knew that the only thing she lived for was to please Ralph.




"Yes master." She replied watching Ralph smile with approval from her answer.

Early Friday morning Ralph and Mandi left Seattle for Aspen. All the way Ralph
talked to her like he was her lover. She fell like she could talk to him and he
wouldn't get mad, but she knew in her heart he was probably testing her. All she
said the entire way was, "Yes master", and, "No master".

It was Noon when they arrived at the cabin and Jimmy was waiting for them on the
portch.

"How is the bitch?" She heard Jimmy asking without looking her way.

"She's as ready as she will ever be." Ralph answered as both men laughed.

Ralph told her the first guests would be arriving shortly and he didn't want
them to see her until they had all arrived. He told her to go into the bedroom
and stay there until he came to get her.

 There was a large round bed in the centre of the room; she laid down and
quickly fell asleep. When she woke it was dark outside. She could hear talking
through the door and wondered if Ralph had forgotten about her; but just a few
minuets past before he came into the bedroom and told her to take all her
clothes off. Jimmy came in behind him and just stood grinning down at her.

Strange feelings of excitement were coercing through her veins as she began to
remove her clothes. She was trying to imagine what Ralph's friends would be
like. She could feel little beads of sweat forming on her forehead as she
imagined what they might want her to do.

"OH GOD! I hope I can do this. All of Ralph's friends have come here just to see
me. It scares me to death; but then again I feel really important to. I want so
badly for Ralph to love me; I'll do anything he wants,,,anything at all". She
thought as she removed all her clothes and stood before them naked.


Ralph had a leather gag in his hand. She could see the ball was not there.


 "This is just for looks. You can scream without the ball but if you do you will
fail me." Ralph said as he tied it around her head and mouth.

Jimmy went behind her and grabbed both her wrists pulling them down to the crack
of her bum. He tied her hands together behind her back.

"We will be back in a minute to get you." Ralph chuckled as they left the room.

 Mandi could see her reflection in the mirror. She was standing completely naked
with her hands tied behind her back; about to be led into a room full of strange
men. She knew she should be terrified; she should be fearing for her life; but
she was not at all afraid. In fact she was excited. She was being given another
chance to prove how much she loved Ralph. She was determined to be the most
obedient slave he had ever known. She knew that he would never let harm come to
her. She was safe as long as he was near.

The bedroom door opened and Ralph's voice told her to come out.

As she walked out of the bedroom it was hard to see in the smoky room. She
walked several feet into the room and stopped; trying to adjust to the dark and
smoky room. As her eyes began to adjust she could see old men; most of them fat
and ugly; they were all looking at her. They were not what she had expected; she
had thought Ralph's friends would young and handsome like him.

"I wonder how these ugly old men could be friends of Ralph's," she thought; a
little surprised and disappointed.


Ralph took her by the arm and began to parade her around the room past each of
men.

 Mandi was as interested in them as they were in her; she almost forgot that she
was naked. One of the men had a huge dog that looked almost like a wolf lying at
his feet. It was licking it's lips and acting like it wanted to run up and greet
her; she couldn't take her eyes off the huge animal.

After she had been paraded past all men Ralph walked her back to the centre of
the room and left her standing there alone. One of the men started to clap and
say that she was the best preview ever. He said he was sure he would get his
moneys worth out of her.

"I want to remind you; this is just the preview weekend. The property must be
left intact. If you want the real thing it is going to cost a lot of fucking
money; and you will have to wait till next weekend," Ralph said in a stern loud
voice.

Mandi had no idea what he was talking about. Her mind was still reeling with
pride after hearing one of the men saying that she was the best one yet. She
didn't care what he meant; she only knew he was pleased with her.  She thought
the men must be a very rowdy bunch if he had to warn them not to wreck the
place. But she didn't really care if she understood, all she wanted to be sure
of was that she pleased Ralph.

She felt Ralph's fingers wrapping around her arm again. This time he walked her
over to one of the men. Ralph's strong hands wrapped themselves around her tiny
waist and he lifted her into the air and sat her on the lap of the man; he stunk
of cigar smoke. The man wasted no time; his fingers pushing between her legs and
up towards her pussy. Mandi looked up into Ralph's smiling face; she knew it was
what he wanted to happen; she obediently spread her legs.  He had rock hard
fingers but it didn't hurt when he put two into her; she was dripping wet.


"Remove the gag." She heard him saying to Ralph.

She felt Ralph unbuckle the gag and remove it from her mouth. She licked her dry
lips and took in a huge breath of air. A large yellow toothed smile appeared on
the fat man's face; she couldn't have performed better if she had intended to.
Taking in that large breath had lifted her chest high into the air; her hard
pink nipples stood straight up. Without knowing it she had successfully
performed her first erotic show.

"Well my little "Butter-Cup" Are you enjoying yourself tonight? Do you like
having my fingers buried in your tight young cunt?" The old man asked through
his yellow teeth.

"Yes Master," She answered looking down towards the floor.

The old man removed his finger from her and put them into his mouth. He slowly
licked her juices from them as his other hand took a fat cigar from his jacket
pocket. He lowered it between her legs and began to play between her open lips
with it's tip. He began to stroke it back and forth across her exposed clit.
Mandi's head fell back.

"OOOOOHHHUUUUuuuuuu" She thought in silence to herself. "This old guy really
knows what he is doing. I don't know if I'm supposed to be enjoying this but if
he keeps this up I'm going to cum right on his lap. If this is what the rest of
the night is going to be like I'm in for the best night of my life." She thought
as she spread her legs even farther and moaned softly. She had no idea just how
wrong she was.

Without warning he pushed it's full length into her. Mandi could feel a sharp
burning inside her pussy; she knew that he must have unwrapped the cigar and her
juices were making it burn inside her, but she wasn't going to do anything to
make Ralph mad. She sat quietly; trying to pretend she was still enjoying it.

"Do you like the feel of my cigar in your little hole?" The fat man chuckled; as
he twisted it in and out of her.

"Yes Master." She said looking down to the floor and biting her teeth together.

"And how would you like it if I lit the cigar before I shove it into your sweet
cunt?" Or maybe I should light many cigars and burn your soft white flesh all
over. Would you like me to do that to you?" he said with a huge smile of yellow
teeth.

Mandi still looking down and beginning to tremble said, "Yes Master."

"Count me in." She heard the man say to Ralph as he pulled the cigar from her
stinging pussy.

Ralph smiled at the old man as he lifted Mandi from his lap. He cradled her in
his arms as he walked across the floor.

"You are doing very well little one. I am pleased with you so far." He whispered
into her ear.

A new surge of strength burst into Mandi's heart; that was all she needed to
know. The burning in her pussy seemed to disappear; she could feel it's juices
flowing again.

 The next man he took her over to spoke with a strong Japanese accent. She was
thinking of one of the old war movies she had seen. He reminded her of the
little General standing on the bridge of his ship. He stood up as they
approached and told Ralph to place her in front of him. As soon as her feet
touched the floor he ordered her to spread her legs. She could see him opening a
case he had on his chair; it was full of shiny golden knives. He took one out
and inspected it closely.

"They look like my Daddies straight razors. What is he going to do with them? I
don't have much hair on my pussy; but if he wants to shave me there I'm sure
I'll enjoy it."  She thought, trying to distract her thoughts from the other
possibilities.

The Oriental waved the knife around for everyone; including Mandi, to see. It
had a blade almost eight inches long and was very, very thin. As he moved closer
to Mandi he put the blade to her neck; just under her chin. She could feel the
sharpness of its edge and desperately wanted to pull away; but her faith in
Ralph was giving her new courage. She didn't twitch a muscle as he pushed the
blade into her throat.

"Can I skin you alive?" he asked as his eyes narrowed into tiny slits..

 "Yes Master." She answered; confident that she was not in any danger. She
watched as he lowered the blade between her legs.

"Would it give you great pleasure if I were to push it into your dripping cunt?"
He asked with a sinister smile.

 "Yes Master." She answered; still sure that no harm would befall her.

"Don't move!" She heard him saying as she felt the cold tip sliding past her
moist lips and into her most private of all spots.


Mandi never stood stiller in all her life. She had a good idea what that blade
could do to her insides. Although he had pushed it deep into her pussy she knew
that he had not yet cut her; she had felt no pain; just the coldness of the
lifeless invader.

"He must be a surgeon." She thought in amazement and with some relief. "To be
able to put a razor sharp knife into my pussy without cutting me he has to be a
doctor or something." Why would he want to do that to me? He must be a really
kinky guy. And what is wrong with me! I can feel my pussy juices running down my
legs. Why is this exciting me. This sick chink could kill me and I'm so excited
by it that I think I'm going to cum." But her thoughts were interrupted.

" Just one small twist of my wrist and your birth-canal would be mine. Would you
like me to spin the scalpel inside your whore's cunt?" He asked in a very
excited and broken tone.


 "Yes Master." Mandi answered as a shiver passed through her.

She wasn't sure if it was fear or the first troughs of an orgasm tingling
between her hips. She could feel her knees going week and prayed that she would
not crumble into his blade; but even that seemed to excite her. She was learning
truths about herself that she had only fantasized with before this night. She
had always known fear excited her; but she had never dreamed to what extent.

 She felt him remove the knife with the same skill he had inserted it. He stood
up and placed it under her left breast. She felt the pressure just before a
stinging told her the blade was cutting into her flesh.

"Would you like me to cut off your breast?" He asked almost seaming to be
begging.

Mandi was reluctant to give the answer but she knew she must. It wasn't that she
was afraid he would do it; in a strange and almost erotic way she wanted him to.
He had already made a small cut in her flesh; and the beautiful pain was
shooting straight through her belly into her clit. She could feel her pussy
twitch each time he pushed a little harder; but nothing was more important than
pleasing Ralph; she had to pass the tests.

"Yes Master" She heard herself saying almost automatically.

"This is not the main event."  Ralph yelled as he pulled the man's hand from
her.

"I'm in." The Oriental chuckled as he returned his knife to its case.

Ralph told Mandi to follow him to a lighted area in the room. There he inspected
the cut under her breast.

"You can't trust those fucking chinks to get anything right." He whispered to
her. "I am so proud of you little one; keep this up and your cunt will be mine
forever. You need not worry about the cut; it's only a scratch. It's time to
meet your next lover." He picked her into his arms and carried her over to the
man with the dog laying beside him.

Mandi felt like she was floating on a cloud as he carried her across the floor.
She couldn't have been any happier. Everything was going just perfect. Ralph was
pleased with her and she was having a wonderful time teasing all these old men.
Life couldn't be any better,,,,,so she thought.



"OH My! This man must really love his dog." She thought as she looked at the
dog's paws. "It has booties on its front feet. And a muzzle on its mouth? I
wonder why it has a muzzle on; it looks so friendly. I guess he's just being
safe because there are so many people around."."

Mandi was staring at the dog wondering why its master would have little boots
and a muzzle on it when she heard the man tell her to turn around and face away
from him. When she turned around he untied the ropes that bound her arms behind
her back. It felt wonderful to finally have her hands free. She had lost almost
all feeling in them by now. She was rubbing her wrists when he told her to get
down onto the floor on her hands and knees. He then told her to spread her knees
apart and to arch her back so that she could lay her face on the floor.

Mandi had been on her hands and knees before but this was new to her; trying to
drop her head to the floor while keeping her bum high in the air was a bit
embarrassing. She could feel her pussy opening as her back strained to lower her
head.

"OH MY GOD!!  I don't think I've ever felt so open and venerable in my life. My
pussy must look like a great big cave. I can feel air going right up inside of
me. This guy really knows how to turn a nice girl into a cunt." She chuckled
privately to herself as she obeyed her new Master. 

The "Dog_Man" walked behind her and knelt down. He placing one of his fingers
between her puffy lips and without warning or foreplay thrust it into her. Mandi
moaned softly when she felt this new intruder. The spectators might have thought
it was from the sudden pain but that wasn't the case at all. She had been on the
brink of an orgasm several times already tonight; the fire in her belly was
burning hot; she wanted him inside of her.  But as quickly as he had put his
finger  into her he removed it again. He stood up and walked back towards his
dog. He put his finger to his nose sniffing it.

 "The "BITCH" has a sweet young cunt. I like the scent but my dog would have
nothing to do with it." He laughed as he reached into a bag and removed a small
bottle from it.


As he walked back towards her he told her to lift her ass as high into the air
as she could. Not wanting to make anyone mad Mandi arched her back as hard as
she could; her pussy was looking at the ceiling. He opened the bottle and pushed
the spout into her pussy; lifting it so that its contents would drain into her.
She could feel the cool liquid as it filled her hot pussy. She waited for the
pain but it didn't come; it actually felt good.

"Now my dogs will like the bitch much better." She heard the man say with a
chuckle.

Mandi hadn't really thought why she was down on the floor. It hadn't been very
important to her,[until now].

"Have you ever fucked a dog?" He asked her bluntly.

"No Master." She replied in a slightly surprised tone.

"Would you like my dog to fuck you?" He asked almost coldly.

"Yes Master," Mandi replied not wanting anyone to sense the fear building in
her.

She had seen her fathers dog mating once. But she had never even thought that a
dog might do it with a human. This was something totally new to her; it had
caught her completely off guard.

"He really isn't thinking that I will have sex with his dog is he? Would a dog
really want to do it to me? What about disease? Can't I get some kind of disease
from a dog? Can it make me pregnant? I don't know what to do; I'm really scared.
Ralph,,,,Please do something; I'm so scared." She thought frantically as she
heard the dog approaching.

He brought the dog behind her and let it sniff between her legs. It began
whimpering and trying to lick her pussy; she could feel it's tong touching her
outer lips. It's master pulled it back and brought it around to stand in front
of her. She could hear the dog panting just over her head. Her heart almost
stopped when she heard it's master asking her if she would like to suck the
dog's cock. Sweat was dripping from her forehead and fear had totally overtaken
her mind. It was as if someone else was saying the words.

"Yes Master," She replied in a shaky voice.

"Then lift your head up and open your mouth; my dog will do the rest." He
laughed loudly

"The dog seems to know what is going to happen. Like it has done this before,"
she thought to herself as she lifted her head to see the dog's cock sticking
straight out at her.

"Open your mouth Bitch." She heard the man yell at her.

When she opened her mouth the dog jumped over her head and onto her back. Its
cock was right in front of her face.


 "I can't believe how big this dog's penis is." She thought never having seen
one before.

The dog's master had been right; in less than a second the dog's cock pushed
between her lips completely filling her mouth. She had never felt anything so
big in her mouth before; it made Jimmies penis seem small by comparison; "AND IT
WAS STILL GROWING". She could feel it straining the insides of her cheeks. When
the dog pulled back head with it; she couldn't open her mouth wide enough to let
it out. It was either going to rip her teeth out or she would gag to death from
its size.

 "STOP." The dog's owner yelled.

And to her surprise; it did. The penis seemed to shrink in size almost
immediately and it fell from her mouth. Mandi gasped as the air rushed into her
lungs; her head was spinning and she felt like she might pass out. She lowered
her head back down to the floor hopping to stave off the blackness.

"Just a preview. Right?" She heard the man saying almost sadly.

She wondered why they kept saying this was a preview.

"A preview of what?"  She wondered to herself. But as Ralph had told her
earlier; there were things she didn't need to know and this must be one of them.
She was just glad that the man had stoped the dog before she past out.

The man led the dog behind her again; letting it sniff between her legs again.
It began to wine and whimper again.

"DO IT!" she herd the man command.

The dog began licking between the swollen slit of her womanhood, his tongue
diving deep inside. Mandi could not help herself as she moaned loudly from the
pleasure its long tong was giving her.

"The bitch likes it!" She heard the dog's master saying. "She hasn't seen
anything yet."

She heard him give another command.

 "GO,".


The dog climbed onto her back; she spread her legs wider to steady herself;
little did she know that was exactly what the dog needed. She felt its cock
pushing into the opening of her gaping pussy and in one shove filled her
yielding cunt. The dog began pumping wildly as it swelled inside of her. She
felt a tremendous strain at the opening of her pussy; she had to bite down on
her lip not to scream; she could taste the blood in her mouth. It was becoming
unbearable when all of a sudden the pain stopped. It was replaced by a feeling
of tremendous pressure inside her pussy; it felt like a football had just been
shoved into her belly. How could she know that she had just engulfed all of his
massive KNOT into her pussy. She had never felt anything like it before; it felt
like the dog had climbed inside of her and was fucking her from the inside out.

"Do you like my dog fucking you?" She heard a voice asking.

"Yes Master." She replied; telling the truth for the first time in a long wile.
She pushed her buttocks backwards to meet the dog's thrusts.

Its knot had become huge and was unable to pull out of her. Each time it pulled
back she almost came off the floor. Her pussy began to hurt from the shear size
and weight; but something else was happening to. She could feel the pressure
building in her loins. She was rocking feverishly in rhythm with its thrusts.
She was so close, so close,,soooo,,,,.

All of a sudden she felt extreme pressure in her belly; pain was shooting up her
spine. Something was wrong; something was very wrong. She could feel it running
down her legs; the dog began to howl. Did something inside of her rupture? Was
she bleeding to death? The dog was howling like crazy; it sounded like it had
been shot. Then she heard a loud gushing of liquid rush from around it's cock;
the floor was covered in slime. She finally understood what was happening; the
dog was cumming; it was cumming in buckets. It was filling her with its seed;
she thought it would never stop. Finally the dog stopped humping but didn't get
off. It began licking the back of her neck and all around her ears. Again Mandi
would be denied; again there would be no relief for her aching cunt

"My dogs get very hungry." She heard its master saying.

"They need meat after they have had a good "Bitch Fucking". Would you like to
help me feed my starving dogs?"

"Yes Master," Mandi replied as she heard him yell another command to his dog.

"DEVOURER,"

The dog became frantic; it was trying to pull itself out of her and began
dragging her across the floor.

"He is going to rip me apart."  She thought just as its huge knot popped out of
her battered pussy. It spun around like a wild beast and buried its muzzle
covered mouth into her throat.

"What is it doing?" She thought as fear filled her mind, "Its acting like it
wants to tear my throat open. I guess that's why he put the muzzle on it; so it
won't make any mistakes when it plays so rough."

The dog knocked her over onto her back and her legs split open stretching up
into the air. When the dog saw her bleeding pussy it lunged between her legs;
only this time it didn't have sex on its mind. It buried its head into her
bloody snatch snarling and snapping through the muzzle.

"BACK OFF," She heard the dog owner's command.

Immediately it went and sat by his side; drool and foam dripping from its mouth
onto the floor.



"I have four dogs." She heard him say. "Would you like all of my dogs to fuck
you with their muzzles and boots removed so that they may fully enjoy your sweet
cunt and flesh?  And after; would you feed my dogs the fresh meat they so
desperately need?"

"Yes Master," Mandi replied trying not to think of what the consequences might
be .

"Count me in." She heard the "Dog-Man" saying to Ralph.

"Oh God!!  I might not be able to take much more."  She thought. "If I fail I
know Ralph will hate me. I'm so scared."

It was as though fate had heard her. When Ralph lifted her off the floor thick
yellow slime ran from between her legs and formed a large puddle on the floor.
Each time she moved a loud gush was heard and more dog cum poured from her
gaping cunt; she was truly a mess.

"I don't think anyone wants this fucking mess." Ralph laughed as he held her up
by her wrists." We will have a short intermission till the slave makes her cunt
presentable." He laughed as he turned to Mandi and gestured for her to go to the
bedroom and clean herself up.

Mandi felt no better when she came out fifteen minutes later; rushing to clean
her bruised body had given her no rest at all. She looked wonderful; her body
glistened like an angle as she stood before Ralph but she was so tired.




As Ralph walked her before the next man she was silently praying that she would
not fail. She didn't look up until she was standing right in front of him. The
man was thin and looked to be about sixty years old. His beady little eyes were
staring straight into hers.

" He's looking into my eyes; I'm standing here completely naked and he's only
looking at my eyes."  She thought quite surprised.

"Are you getting tired my dear?" He asked in a very soft German accent.

She really didn't want to admit how sore and tired she was; but thought he may
not hurt her if she let him know how close to exhaustion she was.


"Yes Master." She said in a pleading tone.

His eyes never left hers as he spoke, "I'm not like these men. They are a bunch
of sex craved monsters. I am a scientist; I have developed a method to help
people cope with suffering. Our so-called civilized world will not allow me to
experiment with humans even though my procedures will stop pain."  He moved
closer peering deeply into her eyes. "Would you like me to help you endure this
ordeal my dear?"

"This guy must've been sent from heaven." She thought. "With his help I will be
able to pass all the tests." She was never more willing to say "Yes Master" in
her life

"Yes Master." She answered with a new found strength.


"The very fact that she is a willing subject." She heard him saying to the other
men in the room. "Will make a great difference in the outcome. She will be more
than any of you can imagine."

She was standing beside a narrow table and he told her to lay on her back on it.
As she climbed onto it she saw another smaller table covered in surgical
instruments.


"He isn't going to cut me! He said he would help!" She thought as doubt and fear
filled her mind.

"Give me your arm please." She heard him saying pleasantly.

She slowly and reluctantly stretched her arm out to him; watching him tie an
elastic tube on it. Her veins bulged as if they were going to burst at any
moment. A shinning syringe appeared in his hand and she gasped with terror as he
stuck the needle deep into the swollen vein. After he empted the vile into her
arm she watched with amazement as he removed the plunger from the needle and
replaced it with a thin plastic tube. He eyes followed the tube to a machine on
the table beside her.

 A feeling of weariness came over her and she laid her head back onto the table.
Her eyes were fixed on the machine; there were little lights blinking all over
it and when he turned it on it made a gurgling noise. She started to feel warm
and light-headed instantly. The pain vanished and was replaced by a tingling
thought-out her body that felt wonderful. Her mind had forgotten that moments
earlier she was full of fear and pain.

"Do you feel better my dear?" She heard him asking.

"I almost don't care where I am." She thought as her mind tried to wander to the
nicer times she had with Ralph. Then she remembered the gentle man waiting for a
reply.

"Yes Master." She answered happily as her mind drifted back into her dreams.

"This wonderful man really wants to help get me through these tests. Oh please
God, let him say he is "IN" to. Whatever Ralph has planned for me I want him to
be there." She watched as he removed the needle from her arm.

"Please get off the table and stand in front of me." She heard him say in a
fatherly voice.

Mandi's limbs felt like rubber as she lifted her drugged body off the table. She
felt giddy and had to tell herself not to laugh out loud.

"The test; the test. I must stay in control." She told herself as she did what
he commanded.

"I will now demonstrate the results of my procedures." He said as he stood
before her with a thick strap in his hand.

"Are you willing to give me your unquestioning assistance for the
demonstration?" He asked.

"Yes Master." She answered as her head spun from the drugs flowing through her
veins.


"Please turn around and bend forward." I will need full access to your soft
derriere. He chuckled.

Mandi turned her back to him and bend forward without the slightest hint of
fear. She heard a loud slap and at the same time felt a strange vibration on her
backside. She didn't know he had hit her with the strap. She felt no pain at
all; just an intense tingling that felt quite pleasant. He hit her several more
times and again all she knew was the tingling in her bum.

"It feels like I'm not really here." She thought slightly confused. "Like it's
all some kind of a dream. All I want is to be alone with Ralph. I must stay
conscious long enough to pass these tests. If I pass out I won't hear my Masters
and I will fail."

She heard his distant voice telling her to stand up, turn around, and spread her
legs wide apart. As she turned around she saw him standing in front of her
holding what looked like a huge zucchini. When she spread her legs he knelt down
placing it on the floor between them. It was standing straight up and she could
feel it touching her inner thighs; it felt like she was straddling a fence post.

"This is a sudo scientific surgical probe my dear. It will prove beyond any
doubt that you can endure pain.

"How big does he think I am? He won't get that thing into me." She thought;
trying to hold back laughter. "He will rip my poor little pussy apart trying and
I don't care because it's all a dream anyway. I'm probably lying on his table
and this is all in my imagination."

"Are you ready my dear?" He said in a soft voice.

"Yes Master."  Mandi answered with a silly look on her face.

 Two men grabbed onto her arms as she felt herself suddenly lifting into the
air. It was so she wouldn't fall. She felt the massive probe pushing through her
body and into her cervix as her feet dangled. Even in her heavily drugged state
she realized she had been lifted off her feet by the huge thing burried in her
pussy.

"How could this be happening?" She thought in confusion. "If this is really
happening I should be in terrible pain; but I feel like I'm floating on a cloud.
I know I have found a real friend; he cares about me. I'm sure that I will be
able to complete all the tests as long as I have Ralph and him by my side."

She felt her body being lowered back to the floor and the giant probe oozing out
of her pussy.

"I should be hurting like crazy." She thought." But I feel nothing but tingling
in my pussy. It is making me feel really horny; this is all so strange."

"As I said before; this specimen is a willing participant. This will make the
difference between failure and success." She heard the scientist saying. "I have
given her drugs intended to confuse her. She will feel very little pain and she
will interpret it as something pleasurable. My treatment will be a success with
her. You will have a slave willing to allow you your complete satisfaction.

Mandi heard them talking and laughing but she couldn't understand; the words
meant nothing to her. She just wanted to finish the tests and prove to Ralph she
was worthy.


"I feel so wonderful." She thought to herself, " I feel like saying to Ralph,
Why wait till next weekend, I can do it now. It's probably because those men are
old and they need their rest. That's probably why they want to wait till next
weekend to finish my tests." She could hardly wait to be taken before the next
man.

The room seamed to be swirling around her as she watched the old German remove
the needle from her arm. She was thankful when she felt herself being lifted
into Ralph's strong arms. He didn't say a word as he carried her across the
room. He put her down at the feet of the largest man she had ever seen. He was
black as soot and very very fat; he made Jimmy look like a midget.


"He must weigh over a million pounds!" She thought as she stood in aw before
him.

She watched as he stretched out his arm taking both her breasts in one hand. He
squeezed them together until they began to turn blue but she felt no pain; only
the familiar pleasant tingling. They were the biggest hands she had ever seen.


"They say you have a large cunt between those pretty white legs of yours. Is
that true?" he laughed loudly.

"Yes Master," she replied not really hearing his words.

"Every time I fuck a human cunt it splits wide open and the bitch dies." He said
coldly.


"They say my cock is too big for any sluts cunt. It rips past their diaphragms
and they suffocate to death. I'm told it's a very slow and painful death. I have
spent much of my life looking for a woman that has a cunt big enough to take all
of my cock. My good friend Ralph has told me that my search will end with you."

"Would you be willing to let me fuck you now that you know I will probably kill
you?"

Mandi had paid no attention to what the giant had been saying; he was just a
blur to her. All she could think of was pleasing Ralph.

"Yes Master." She answered without batting an eye.

For a moment she snapped back to reality when the huge black man dropped his
pants and his cock fell forward.

 "Oh my God!!!!!!" She thought. "It's even bigger than Jimmy's".

Jimmy's had been the biggest she had ever seen. But this one looked like it
belonged on a horse. It was standing straight out from his body like a battering
ram. Her eyes traced the thick purple veins that stretched from the head down to
his massive balls; it jumped and bounced like a vicious animal.

"Well little bitch, are you ready to ride this pony?" he asked as he watched the
look of surprise on her face showing the first signs of real fear.

"Yes Master," she replied automatically.

The large man looked surprised. "Are you sure you want me to fuck you?"

"Yes Master," she said again.

She heard the men in the room cheering and it made her feel like a movie star.
She was so happy that she was pleasing the men. She remembered what Ralph had
said, "You are here only for one reason; to give pleasure to my friends."

"Then open your mouth and start sucking it bitch." The giant said in a gruff
tone. Mandi responded by wrapping both her hands around its girth.


 "Oh My God !!!!!!!!!!" I can't even get my hands around it, it's too big." She
thought as she tried to put its huge head into her mouth.

He grabbed her around the waist and picked her off the floor. She was lying in
his hands as if in a cradle; straight out facing his cock. Her tiny hands were
trying to milk his giant phallus as her mouth licked and sucked all around the
thick gland. He had one hand under her belly and the other was cradling her
knees. He began pumping her forward, forcing his cock down her throat.


"His cock is inside my belly! If it goes in much farther it will surly come out
my bum" She thought in disbelief. "But it doesn't hurt. I feel so nice and
tingling all over."

"If I feed her just a little more there wouldn't be any next weekend." The giant
roared with laughter

He pulled his cock from her mouth and told her to turn around and bend forward.
There was a large over stuffed chair in front of her; he told her to hold onto
it tightly. He then told her to spread her legs as wide as she could. Mandi
turned her back to him and obediently bent over spreading her legs as wide as
she could. The giant stood quietly for a moment just staring at her ass.


" You have such a lovely pink hole. I can see your thick juices running down
your legs. It looks so hot and inviting. You have aroused my cock as never
before. I don't remember a time it throbbed as it does at this moment; it has
never been so big, so hard, so willing. I am going to split your fucking cunt
wide open. I am going to bleed you like a slaughtered lamb. Do you really want
me to continue?" He said in a mocking gesture of concern

"Yes Master."  She answered from her deeply drugged mind.

She felt the head pushing between her legs.

"It feels like it is twice as big as Jimmy's and much fatter," she thought as it
began to swell inside of her.


She could feel it going deeper and deeper into her birth hole as it stretched
her insides to their limits.

"I am being fucked by the biggest cock in the world; that's every girl's dream."
She thought as a smile crept across her face, " Oh God, it feels so good; its
like a giant piston in me."

Each time he thrust forward she could feel intense tingling in her belly; it
felt like little sparks o lightning were jumping down and biting her clit. With
each thrust he would push all the air out of her lungs. He steadily increased
the pace and the depth of his strokes till her young cunt was stretching beyond
its limit; blood was beginning to trickle out around his mighty pole; yet all
she could feeling was tremendous tingling throughout her body.


"When he pushes it into me I can hardly breathe." She thought, "And when he
pulls out it's like he's sucking me inside out; but it feels so good, so good."

Mandi wasn't thinking about Ralph anymore. She could only think of the huge
battering-ram slamming into her yielding, twitching, cunt.

She knew that he wasn't into her all the way; she hadn't felt the slap of his
massive balls on her pubis. She began pushing down every time he pressed
forward; she loved the intense feeling. She could hardly breathe, but even that
seemed enjoyable to her. All she could think about was the mating of her cunt
with his massive cock. Her body began to wrench and jerk; she trembled all over.
Every nerve in her body felt like it was being cut by a knife. She could feel
the muscles in her pussy pulsating as it tried to suck him in deeper. She felt
the first jolts of electricity surging towards her pussy.  Jolt after jolt of
wondrous lighting shot from her ravished pussy into her brain. Stars danced
before her eyes and her heart beat wildly on her ribs. She was having the most
powerful orgasms she had ever experienced. The sounds of screaming filled the
air, it had burst from her like a thousand trumpets; and then everything went
black.

She lay on the floor covered in the black man's sperm. He was standing over her;
his huge penis swinging from side to side as he laughed.

"I thought I was killing a little bitch." He roared with laughter. "Especially
when she started screaming like a tigress; I couldn't believe she was cumming.
Just a few more inches and I would have found out. I would have known if that
cunt was meant for me. I can't wait till next weekend. Count me in," she heard
him say.


"I don't know how much more I can take," Mandi thought. "I feel like I'm going
to pass out; my head is spinning. I guess being fucked by such a beautiful cock
has drained everything out of me."

But Ralph gave her no mercy; he grabed her by the arm and dragged her across the
floor; not giving her the chance to stand up. It almost seemed to be the actions
of a jealous man.

Mandi slowly lifted herself to her feet and looked towards the new stranger. She
couldn't focus on him. It was as if she had double vision; he was in more than
one place at the same time. Then she realized there were six men standing very
closely together in front of her.

"I am having so much trouble keeping my eyes open." She thought to herself, "I
must listen to what they say; I don't want to fail now."


"We are a film crew." She heard one of them saying. "We are here to make you a
star."

"We make movies for a very select clientele that pay many hundreds of dollars
for a good movie. We have been filming everything and we will be filming next
weekend. I am the director. It is my job to fill in the cracks so to speak. So
it does not become boring. Our clientele demand extreme levels of entertainment.
We are going to fill in some of those cracks now. Come over here and sit in this
chair." He said coldly

Mandi looked at what he had called a chair. It didn't look like any chair she
had ever seen. There was only a bunch of thin pipes with straps and pads all
over it.

"This is our, "Do Anything to You" chair." He laughed. "Would you like to be
strapped into it?"

"Yes Master," She replied as she tried desperately not to pass out.

He walked her over to the chair and leaned her forward pushing her onto it. Her
belly met one of the leather pads and for a second she teetered dangerously on
it. Then she felt her legs being placed onto other pads. At each pad a strap was
pulled tightly around her. Her arms were also strapped to the rails. They
strapped her entire body into the chair so that she was totally unable to move.

"This thing isn't the chair," Mandi thought. "Its more like a metal skeleton
with straps all over it."

She was laying face down with her legs down and tightly together and her arms at
her sides.

"It feels like I'm hanging in the air." She thought.

"Are you ready to do some real entertaining?" She heard the director say.

"Yes Master," She quickly replied.

She saw her friend the German scientist coming to her. He rubbed and patted the
inside of her arm just above the elbow; then with no warning he pushed another
needle into her arm.

"You will not be required to do any more tonight my dear. Everything will be
done for you." He said smiling down to her.

He slowly injected the fluid into her arm. "You enjoy yourself my dear. Go to
your dreams now. There will be no more commands this night."

Mandi was amazed at how well the old German seemed to know her needs; she had
been having so much trouble staying conscious. As soon as he injected the liquid
she could feel a pleasant warmth throughout her body. She felt herself moving
and thought maybe it was the effects of the injection, but soon realized she was
turning in a circle; her legs were opening wide and closing again.

 "We are just checking the motors my sweet child. There is nothing for you to
concern yourself over. We can put you're body into any position; that way we can
do as we please with you." The director chuckled.

"So is everyone in for next weekend?" she heard Ralph calling out. The men
started to clap and yell "Yes, Yes."

The machine was turning her over like a pig on a spit; her legs were bending at
the hips and her knees were pushing into her nipples. She felt her legs
spreading; the machine had placing her into the doggy position. She heard the
director telling someone to fuck her in the ass and someone else to stick his
cock in her mouth.


"They didn't even ask me to say, "Yes master," she thought as she drifted into
unconsciousness.

"You guys got two hours to have your fun and do your filming; then you've got to
go," were the last words she heard that night.

The sun was shining through the windows when she woke. Everyone had left except
Ralph and Jimmy.

"Go take a shower." She heard Ralph saying, "You look like shit."

When she looked into the bathroom mirror she grabbed onto her stomach and began
to bring up. She was covered from head to toe in thick gooey shit. Even her hair
was full of shit. She could taste it in her mouth as the puke poured out onto
the shower floor. Her puke looked like a mixture of semen and shit. Her belly
and pussy were covered in semen and blood. She had never seen so much filth in
her life.

She got into the shower and quickly tried to wash the shit from her body. Her
skin began to sting as if a layer had been stripped from her.


After she had washed herself she looked into the mirror again. She was covered
in bruises and cuts. There were deep teeth marks all over her breasts. Her
nipples were bruised and blue

  "Are you okay in there little bitch?" Ralph called out as he walked into the
bathroom.

"Yes Master." She replied knowing that she must not complain.

"You have a few scratches here and there." He said. "They should all be cleared
up before next weekend; put your clothes on."


As he was leaving he turned back to her. "Oh; by the way. You were a very good
slave last night; you pleased everyone. All you have to do is pass one more test
and your cunt will be mine."

 "Oh God. How is Ralph ever going to explain the way I look to my mom and daddy?
I'm covered in cuts and bruises. My pussy is so stretched and swollen it looks
like I delivered a elephant. I know that I have to trust Ralph. He is so
intelligent and always knows what to say. If I do as he says everything will be
okay but I'd really like to know how he plans on getting me out of the house
next weekend. I will be grounded for the rest of my life when they see me.

 As they were driving home Ralph began telling her what she must do.

"When you get home and your mother sees your body I want you to tell her that
you fell while skiing."

"I don't think she will believe that story," Mandi thought to herself. "I have
far too many cuts and bruises to have gotten them falling in the snow. My ski
suit doesn't even have a mark on it." One look and she will know I never had it
on.

"No matter what anyone says you are to stick to that story. If anyone acts like
they doubt you, you are to get very mad at them," Ralph said.

"You don't need to know anything more for now, but don't worry; as long as you
do as you're told everything will be fine." He said. "When you get home I want
you to make sure your mother sees your flesh."

Mandi wondered what Ralph was trying to do but she knew she couldn't ask. She
would just have to wait until she got home to find out his plan.


As she walked into the house she could hear her mother and father talking in the
kitchen. She walked in and sat at the table. She removed her jacket to reveal a
sleeveless T-shirt and her arms that were covered in burses. Barbra shrieked
when she saw her daughter's arms.

" Oh My God! What the hell happen to you?" her mother shrieked.

"I took a fall while I was skiing," Mandi calmly replied.

"There is no Goddamn way that you got all those bruises skiing," said her
father.

Mandi remembered what Ralph had told her. That she must get mad at anyone who
doubts her story.

"Fuck you," She screamed. "You are both ass holes. You never believe anything I
say."

Barbra stood up and slapped Mandi across the face.

"If she only knew what I've just been through," thought Mandi. "She would know
just how little that slap bothers me."

"Where the hell is Ralph?" Adrin yelled.

Just then Ralph came into the house. He slammed the door behind him and walked
right by the kitchen without stopping.



"You get your ass back down here right now," Adrin yelled after him.

"I think he was crying," Barbra said.

"I'm getting to the bottom of this." Adren said as he went storming after his
brother.

Mandi's mother was hysterical. She demanding to know what had happened. "Did
Ralph do something to you? Did he hurt you? Who did this to you?"

Mandi reacted as Ralph had told her.

"Get off my fucking back. I told you what happened. Leave me alone."

"I think you had better sit down before you hear this," Adrin said as he came
back into the kitchen with Ralph behind him. Ralph sat across from Mandi but
didn't look at her. There were tears in his eyes as he looked towards Barbara.

"I must ask for your forgiveness........"

"What did you do to my baby?" Barbra yelled cutting him off in mid-sentience.

"It's not like that. Let him speak." Said his brother.

"When we arrived in Aspen on Friday I decided to treat Mandi by taking her out
for dinner." Ralph started.

"There was a pack of real rowdy young men in the restaurant. They looked like
they were drunk or smoking grass.  I noticed some of them staring at Mandi when
I got up to go to the washroom. By the time I came back she was surrounded by
the young men. I told them to get away from her and that she was only seventeen
years old."

"When we got to the cabin I never thought about the incident again. Mandi said
she was tired and went to her room.  Around 11:00 p.m. I looked in on her as I
hadn't heard a sound since she left."

"Her window was open and she was nowhere to be found. She must have told the
pack of punks to follow us home and then snuck out to be with them. I didn't
know what to do,. I thought about phoning you; but then I hoped she would be
home in an hour or so."

"By 3:00 a.m. I realized she was not coming home. I panicked and phoned Jimmy; I
knew he was staying at the Aspen hotel. He told me that he had a pretty good
idea where she might be; he knew where these punks hung out.  He said they camp
out in vans because most of them are too young to rent rooms. We drove to a
remote area where some young people were camping. I remembered what the boys
looked like but couldn't see any of them in this campground."

"We went down a logging road and came across a clearing where there were more
kids camped. I recognize one of the boys standing beside a van taking a piss. He
was definitely one of the boys from the restaurant. As we walked down to the
campground I could hear laughing and music coming from one of the vans. I opened
the door and saw Mandi lying on a mat. She was stark naked and two boys were
having sex with her. When she saw me she told me to fuck off. She was obviously
very stoned. There were a lot of boys around us. If it hadn't been for Jimmy
having a pellet gun we probably never would have gotten her out of there.  She
was such a mess. I decided to let her sleep for a few hours when I got her back
to the cabin. I wanted her to get cleaned up a bit before we came home. I just
couldn't bring her home looking like she did."

"I can't believe Ralph is telling such a story with a straight face," thought
Mandi.


"Is it true? Did you go running off with a pack of boys?" her mother screamed at
her.

Even though Mandi didn't know what Ralph was up to she stuck to the story he had
told her.

"Where the hell is Jimmy?" said Adren, "I want to know what he has to say. Get
him on the phone and tell him to get his ass over here. We're going to get to
the bottom of this."

When Jimmy arrived Barbra turned to him. "What the hell happened to Mandi this
weekend?"

Jimmy looked over to Ralph

 "It's okay Jimmy, I told them everything." Ralph said in a sad tone.


"Ralph loves Mandi like a sister," Jimmy said looking into Barbara's eyes, "I
doubt that he told you everything."


"What do you mean?" She screamed.

"I don't think there's an easy way to say this, so I'll just tell it as I saw
it," Jimmy started to say.

"Last night when we first found Mandi there were two boys with her. She was
obviously drugged or drunk. She was the only girl and there were at least twenty
boys outside the van waiting to have their turn with her."


"I can't believe my baby would do such a thing," screamed Barbra. "How do I know
you're telling the truth?"

"If you want proof," Jimmy said coldly. Take her to the hospital and have a
doctor look at her. Her vagina must be a real mess. The boys were shoving a
large wine bottle into her when we opened the door of the van. I'm sure she's
covered in bite marks, especially on her breasts."

Barbra grabbed her daughter by the arm and dragged her off to the bathroom.

"Take off your clothes, I want to see for myself if any of this is true," she
screamed.

"What is Ralph doing?" thought Mandi. "If I take off my clothes my Mom will go
out of her mind, I don't know what to do. Ralph must want my Mom to see all the
bruises and cuts, or he wouldn't have told Jimmy to tell that wild story, I must
trust Ralph." She thought as she began removing her clothes.

Barbra gasped at the sight of her daughter's breasts when she removed her bra.
She could see the red bite marks all over them. Barbra began to scream
hysterically when Mandi pulled down her panties. A huge blob of coagulated semen
was drooling out of Mandi's swollen pussy and then dropped to the floor.

Mandi looked down to see what was making her mother so hysterical.

"I guess my pussy must have held it in while we were driving home. I knew I was
wet but I didn't think I was still full of cum," she giggled to herself, "I hope
Ralph planned for this."

Adrin opened the bathroom door to see why Barbra was screaming. He took one look
at Mandi and said, "We have to take this little bitch to the hospital, she may
have serious injuries."

On the way to the hospital all Mandi kept thinking about was her Daddy calling
her a "Little Bitch".

"They really are alike. Daddy called me a little bitch just like Ralph does.
That sounded really weird," she thought.

When they got to the hospital Mandi was taken into the emergency ward where a
doctor began to examine her.

"All he wants to do is look at my pussy," thought Mandi. "He has been sticking
his fingers into me for a long time; I think he's really enjoying himself."

The doctor told Barbra that something very large had been shoved into her
daughter's vagina but that no serious damage had been done. He said the marks on
her body were definitely teeth marks and that he couldn't believe she would
protect anyone who had done this to her.

The next day Barbra phoned the police. They came over that afternoon and talked
to Mandi, but she continued to stick to her story that she had fallen while
skiing.

"You will be in your room until you tell the truth," screamed her Mother.

That evening Mandi heard a tapping on her door. When she opened it she saw Ralph
smiling down on her.

"Are you okay little bitch," he asked.

"Yes Master," she replied.

"You must trust me; everything is going exactly as I planned. I want you to take
every opportunity to fight with your mother, I want you to call her names and
tell her you hate her. After next weekend, if you pass all your tests your cunt
will be for me only. Do you trust me?" she heard Ralph asking.

"If only I could speak, I would tell him how much I love him and that I trust
him with my life. I know that everything he is doing is for us. I want so badly
to tell him that I will do anything he says, but all I can say is, "Yes master,"
she thought sadly.

"Yes Master," she said with a huge smile on her face.

Ralph smiled at her response.

For the next few days every time Mandi and her Mother saw each other there was
screaming. Mandi was beginning to truly hate her.

"I wish you had never been born. You have always been an anchor around my neck," 
Barbra cried, "I would be so much better off if you didn't exist."

"Maybe I'll kill myself and make it easy for you," Mandi screamed as she stormed
to her room.


"I know that my mother really hates me; and it didn't start this weekend. It
started when I was borne. She would always say, "If it wasn't for you I could
have gone to the cabin with Adren all these past years. If it wasn't for you
Adrin and I could do so much. I knew for a long time that she wished I was gone.
Now she's finally admitting it. I really hate her."

On Wednesday afternoon Barbra went out to get her hair done. A few moments after
she left Mandi heard her bedroom door opening. It was Ralph.

"Take off your clothes and get down on your hands and knees," Ralph said.

Mandi quickly remove her clothes and got onto the floor spreading her legs wide
apart, she was so happy that Ralph had come to use her.

Ralph began to examine her body, looking at the bite marks and small cuts. He
then went behind her and spread the lips of her pussy wide-open, looking inside.


"You look like you will be in perfect shape for this weekend. Your body looks
like nothing happened to it. Are you ready for this weekend?" She heard him say.

"There is nothing more that I wish for then to have this weekend behind us,"
thought Mandi. "And have Ralph finally except me as his. I loved the way Ralph
said,  'After this weekend your cunt will be mine.'"

"Yes master," Mandi replied.

"I will tell you some of the plan now," Ralph said, "I don't know if you have
thought about it; but you'll never be coming back here again. If you pass all
the tests you'll never see any of these people again. Your cunt will be mine to
do with as I please. The men that will be testing you are going to pay a great
deal of money for the privilege. There will be thousands of dollars to be made
from the film. Money will no longer be a problem for me. I can take your cunt
and go anywhere I want."

"Are you willing to except my terms little bitch?" He asked.

"My wildest dreams are going to become reality," thought Mandi.

"Ralph and I will go away together and never return. I have never been so happy
in all my life. But I'm not going to blow it now by saying anything other than,
'Yes Master.'"

"Yes Master," she said beaming with pride.

"You should intensify the fighting with your mother," he said. "Maybe even try
to get her to hit you. I want you to write a suicide note. I want you to blame
your mother for everything. Tell her it's her fault that you are going to commit
suicide. Tell her that no one will ever find your body, but most importantly
make sure that you say it is all her fault. I will make a diversion on Thursday
night exactly at 8:00 p.m."

"You will have an opportunity then to leave the house. I want you to remove all
your clothes and jewellery before you leave. You are to have nothing on your
body. In the backyard by the bushes you'll find a bicycle. There will be a
spandex riding suit tied to the seat. Put on the suit and ride the bike straight
to Jimmy's house."

"If your mother and the police think you are dead they will not look for you as
much as they would if they thought you were alive. Blaming your mother for
everything will demoralize her and she will not have the energy to look for you
very long. Believe me when I say I never want you to be found. You say that it's
like being in heaven when you are with me. I promise that you will be in heaven
after this weekend."


"My master has spoken the most beautiful words my ears have ever heard. I am
ready for anything," thought Mandi.

"Can you do it little bitch?" she heard Ralph ask her.

"Yes Master," she replied prouder than ever.

On Thursday evening at 7:50 p.m. Mandi was sitting on the edge of her bed
totally naked, waiting for something to happen. She had written a suicide note
as Ralph told her and laid it on her pillow with her rings and necklace.

At 8:00 p.m. she heard her Daddy yelling for her Mother to come quickly.

She cracked open her bedroom door peering down the hall. Her Mom, Dad, and Ralph
were at the front door. She heard her Daddy say, "I think he's cut his hand
quite deep. He was doing something in the kitchen. You'll have to drive to the
hospital while I keep pressure on his hand to slow the bleeding," Her Daddy was
yelling.

A moment later the car drove away and the house was silent. She ran naked as a
jay bird to the backyard finding the bike with a spandex riding suit on it. She
quickly got into the suit and began to ride to Jimmy's house.

"It was really smart of Ralph to get me to ride a bike wearing a spandex riding
suit," she laughed out loud, "My mom knows I hate spandex and I haven't ridden a
bike since I got my drivers licence. Even if someone does see me they would
never recognize me."


When she got to Jimmy's house he was waiting for her and quickly led her in.

"Go sit on the couch. Did anybody see you leave?" Jimmy asked.


"No Master," she replied panting from excitement and fear.

Mandi didn't really like Jimmy but she knew she must obey him. He was Ralph's
friend and it was what Ralph wanted of her.

Jimmy stood at the front window looking outside for fifteen minutes watching
every car that passed by before he finally turned to her.

"Well little bitch I guess you did it. Take off that spandex crap."

Jimmy sat on the couch and watched as Mandi removed the riding suit and stood
before him naked.

"Have you removed all your rings watches and necklace or anything else from your
body? We don't want anything except that juicy cunt," Jimmy said laughing.



"Yes Master," replied Mandi trying not to show her dislike of him.

"We will not be going anywhere until late afternoon tomorrow," Jimmy said
smiling. What do you think we can find to do with ourselves till then," he
laughed. "Go into my bedroom and lay your whore cunt on my bed," Jimmy said
coldly.

Mandi lay on the bed as he told her to do. A moment later he came into the
bedroom and told her to turn over on her tummy. He then told her to spread her
arms over her head and her legs as wide as she could. He tied her ankles and
wrists to the four corners of the bed.

"I guess Jimmy isn't going to waste any time," Mandi thought as fear surged
through her body, "I just hope he doesn't choke me to death, Ralph isn't here to
stop him this time."

Just as Mandi was expecting Jimmy to climb between her legs she heard him walk
out of the bedroom and turn on the living room TV.

She was thankful that he wasn't going to do anything with her. She was very
tired from the ordeal and quickly fell asleep.

The sound of the front door slamming and Ralph's voice woke her up. She could
see on the night table clock it was 2:00 a.m.

"It worked exactly as we planned," she heard Ralph saying loudly. When we got
home from the hospital Barbra went up to Mandi's room to check on her and found
the note and all her jewellery on her bed.

"She went totally ballistic! Then my brother went up to ask her what was wrong.
When she showed him Mandi's note he said we must phone the police. I told Barbra
that I would find Mandi if it was the last thing I did. From 9:30 until about
fifteen minutes ago I was in and out of the house at least a dozen times. I kept
coming back and asking Barbra if she had heard anything. About twenty minutes
ago I told her that I thought it might be possible Mandi hitch-hiked back up to
Aspen. I said everyone else was searching around here for her and that I was
going to go back up to Aspen to see if I could find her there."

"So here I am." She heard Ralph say as both men began laughing.

"Have you done as I told you?" Ralph asked Jimmy.


"She is tied to the bed as you instructed; and I didn't touch her. I don't know
why I couldn't fuck her,"  Jimmy wined.

"I just want you to be very aware of one fact; she is my property and you have
no claim to her. I don't want you getting the idea that any part of her is
yours. I may allow you to use her, it's a gift from me. If you have a problem
with that then you and I have a big problem," Mandi could hear everything Ralph
was telling him.



"I understand totally man. She's your property and I'm just learning the ropes.
I really appreciate you letting me be a part of this. Anything you let me have I
appreciate. You are the boss Ralph."

"And another thing," Ralph said laughing, "I didn't want her cunt stretched out
of shape by you before I got a chance to fuck it. I'm not going to get many more
chances you know."

"Yeah," Jimmy said laughing again.

"I really don't understand anything they're talking about except Ralph is making
sure Jimmy realizes I belong to him. Just because he lets Jimmy fuck me doesn't
mean Jimmy has any claim on me. After this weekend Ralph will never let anyone
touch me again and he wants Jimmy to know that. I love Ralph so much," Mandi
thought to herself.

Ralph walked into the bedroom and stood over her for a moment saying nothing.

"You have the most beautiful little body I have ever seen; your white skin is so
soft and smooth, your cunt is so warm, and I'm really going to mis...........".
He didn't finish the sentence.

Then she heard him say, "I'm really going to... fuck you're brains out now."

"It seems like something is bothering Ralph," thought Mandi. "He sounds kind of
sad."

She quickly forgot those thoughts when Ralph climbed between her legs and guided
his cock into her yielding pussy.

 He kept saying over and over. "I love to fuck you, I love to fuck you."

Mandi was sure if Ralph had a problem it wasn't with her. They took turns
fucking her all night.

"You had better get some sleep now," Ralph said to her, "Jimmy and I are going
out for a while and you should get some sleep. "

 Mandi was exhausted from the hours of fucking and as soon as they left she fell
fast asleep.

After a few hours she heard them coming into the house again. Ralph came into
the bedroom and told her to go have a shower and get cleaned up and when she was
finished she was to come into the living room.

After her shower she walked into the living room; there was a large wooden crate
sitting in the centre of the room.

"It looks like a coffin," thought Mandi, "Except it is square."

"To ensure that no one sees you you'll have to travel in this box," she heard
Ralph say to her. "It will not be a long trip. We will be driving to the airport
and then taking a helicopter the rest of the way. The entire trip should take no
more than an hour and a half. Are you okay with that little bitch?" he asked.


Mandi didn't say a word. Instead she jumped into the box and smiled back at
Ralph.

Ralph and Jimmy laughed at her stunt.

"We're going to tell anyone who asks that the box is full of booze for a big
party. You must be absolutely quiet when you are in it" Ralph told her. "As soon
as the helicopter lets us off we will let you out."

Mandi knelt down in the box. She lowered her body to the floor and pulled her
knees up to her chest. It became very dark when Ralph lowered the lid and closed
the clasp; putting a lock on it.

As she was being loaded into the helicopter she could hear Ralph and the pilot
talking.

"So you guys are planning quite a bash this weekend eh?" The pilot inquired.

"Yeah, there will be about twenty of us." She hears Ralph reply. It's a private
club owned by a bunch of millionaires. It's a hunting lodge for men only; no
fucking women allowed. Just a place for a bunch of rich guys to hang out and get
rid of all their stress. Jimmy and I work for them; this is their booze chest."

"Looks like a lot of booze. Will they drink it all?" The pilot asked.

"Don't worry brother, there won't be anything left when they are finished,"
Ralph laughed.

A cold chill went through Mandi when she heard Ralph saying those words.

"I know he wasn't referring to me. He was just talking about booze but for a
strange reason it scares me to hear him talking like that," she thought to
herself.

It was very noisy in the helicopter; she couldn't hear anything more that was
said.

After the helicopter landed and the crate had been unloaded she heard the
helicopter flying away. A moment later the lock was removed and the lid was
opened. She stood up and looked around.

"We are not in the ski area like last weekend." She thought. "I have never seen
this place before. It looks like we are way up in the mountains. It's all trees
and forest except for the small clearing the helicopter landed on. There's
nothing here. I wonder why we landed here."

Mandi was still naked and it was very cold outside. She wrapped her arms around
herself trying to keep warm but an uncontrolled shiver came over her.



Ralph opened a duffle bag and gave her an old jacket and pair of runners to put
on. Then he told her to follow him.

It was starting to get dark as Ralph walked to a small opening in the trees that
reviled a thin trail. He turned on a flashlight so they could follow it. She
followed Ralph with Jimmy walking behind her up the winding trail.

"Oh my God," she thought. "It's a huge log house!   And it's right in the middle
of a forest. The trees go right over top of it. It doesn't even have a yard;
just a little patch in the front. I wonder why anyone would want to be so
secluded," she thought as she neared the scary building.


"We're going in the back way," Ralph said. "In case anyone has arrived I don't
want them to see you until we have prepared you.



As Mandi walked in she could see it was a very large bedroom. "Whoever owns this
place must be a really kinky person," she thought to herself.

The bedroom was decorated in deep reds and blacks. There were mirrors everywhere
including the ceiling. She saw ropes and chains hanging from the walls and
ceiling. Her first feeling of real fear had come over her.

"This is not like last weekend. This place is miles from anywhere and it was
obviously built to be hidden from view. I'm sure that it's only purpose is for
someone's sexual fantasies. And this weekend its me that's going to be their
plaything," she thought to herself as she began to tremble.

Ralph broke her thoughts. "You must shower and put on this costume. You must be
more beautiful than you have ever been before. You must be more desirable than
you ever thought you could be; and I know you will." He said smiling.

"This costume is beautiful," she thought. "I have never seen such a lovely bunch
of feathers in all my life; they are every colour of the rainbow. I don't know
why I get these feelings and fears when I know Ralph will look after me. Just
look at this beautiful costume he has given me to wear. I will make him so proud
of me tonight."

As she looked more closely she saw there were panties,  bra, and a large
headpiece, all covered in beautiful feathers. There was another very long single
feather she had no idea what to do with.

Ralph handed her a small bottle as she walked towards the shower. He told her to
rub it's condense onto her flesh while it was still wet after the shower.

As she stepped out of the shower she opened the bottle and put it to her nose;
there was no smell. But without question she obediently rubbed the entire bottle
into her flesh. She put on the costume and turned to look into the bathroom
mirror.

"I look like a gorgeous multicoloured Bird," thought Mandi. "And my skin! Oh God
look at my skin! I look like I'm covered from head to toe in fine diamonds. I
sparkle all over. It's as if I'm glowing. I look beautiful. I am a beautiful
bird. Ralph will be so proud of me. But I still don't know what to do with this
single long feather."

When Ralph came into the room he looked her over. "Why have you not used the
long feather? Don't you know where it goes?"

"No Master," She replied feeling ashamed.

"Bend over!" Ralph said laughing. "And touch the floor with your fingers."

Mandi bend forward dangling her arms in front of her. She could feel Ralph doing
something with her panties. She spread her legs to make it easier for whatever
it was he was doing. She felt something penetrating the orifice of her ass;
going deep inside her.

"All right; now take a look in the mirror and see what you think," she heard him
say to her.

When she looked in the mirror she could see that Ralph had stuck the feather
into her ass. It now looked as if she had a beautiful long tale feather. She was
a bird, a beautiful, beautiful bird. She felt so proud as she strutted around
the room.

"I really do look beautiful but it feels so strange sticking out of my bum when
I walk," she laughed silently to herself

"Everyone is here now. You will be going out in a few moments," Ralph told her.

There was a knock at the door, it was Jimmy.

"They are getting impatient. They want their cunt now," Jimmy said.

Ralph grabbed Mandi roughly by the arm leading her towards the door.

"This is your big moment little bitch. I want you to walk out by yourself. When
you get to the centre of the room stop and stand still no matter what anyone
does."

Ralph opened the door and she began to walk out into the very dark room.


All of a sudden there were bright lights shinning down on her; it was the camera
crew. They had three very large cameras and lots of lights. Not like last
weekend when all they had was a video camera.

A huge roar of applause rang out when she reached the centre of the room, she
could hear men yelling, "Bravo, Bravo."

Mandi felt proud, thinking the cheering was for her alone.  But Ralph had walked
into the room behind her; it was for him they were cheering.

"This place doesn't look anything like the cabin. It looks more like a dungeon
or a "Torture Chamber," she thought as fear dug its nails deep into her spine.

She could see chains and ropes hanging everywhere. Some of the chains had shinny
sharp hooks on the ends.

There was a large steel cage in the centre of the room with leather straps just
big enough for one person.

Mandi could see some of the men from last weekend. There was the stinky man who
wanted to the hurt her with his cigars. There was the Oriental man who put the
knife inside her pussy. She could see the big black man who had a huge cock that
seemed even too big for him. And then there was that fat ugly man sitting
against the wall with all four of his dogs at his feet.

Mandi looked around the room for the German who called himself a Doctor. She
could not see him anywhere. She began to feel fear again. And this time she was
unable to talk herself out of it.

"If he isn't here to help me I don't know what I'm going to do. I don't think I
can go through with this without his help," panic began to fill her every
thought.

As she looked around the room she saw many things that frightened her. The
Oriental man had a large case of knives lying open on a table. The four dogs
looked vicious. They didn't have any muzzles or booties on this time. There was
another man standing beside a rack. He had several different kinds of whips. For
the first time Mandi was starting to wonder if Ralph knew what he had gotten her
into.

"These men look like they really want to hurt me." She thought . "I don't think
they are here just to act out fantasies. I think they want to do really bad
things to me, I'm so scared."

"Well men," Ralph said as he stood beside her. "Let's get started. The night is
short and I'm sure you'll all want some of this. Who would like to start the
bidding?" he said.

 "Ten thousand dollars," and then another, "Twenty thousand dollars," and then,
"Twenty-five thousand dollars." She heard the men yelling out.

"I can't believe that anyone would pay twenty-five thousand dollars just to play
out a fantasy. Unless it isn't a fantasy at all and he's really going to do
something terrible to me,"

"I'll pay fifty thousand dollars just for her white skin," the Oriental man
yelled.

"Fifty thousand dollars!!!!!!!!!!!  To pretend to skin me????? I don't think so.
I think he really wants to skin me." She thought as she began to tremble with
fear.

"I don't think Ralph knows what he's gotten us into. I've got to find a way to
get us out of here."

The man with dogs stood up and walked towards her. He walked in a circle around
her.

"Are you ready to fuck my dogs until there is no fucking left in then?" She
heard the fat ugly man ask.


She didn't want to answer; she was too afraid. But she knew if they thought she
was not cooperating they would tie her up and she would never get a chance to
escape.



 "Yes Master," she replied with a trembling voice.

She felt the dog man put the flat of his open hand angst her exposed belly. He
pushed her panties aside and drove his fingers between her moist lips; one
finger pushing roughly into her pussy.

"And when it comes time to feed my dogs will you give the order? Will you
command them to "DEVOUR" when I tell you?"


Mandi could hardly speak. Her heart was pounding so hard she was having trouble
breathing.


"If this man is really not playing; I know what he wants to do. He wants to let
his dogs have sex with me and then they will eat me alive. I have trusted Ralph
always, but I don't know anymore. I don't know if I can trust him or not. Maybe
he doesn't know what's happening. He told everyone that I am his property. He
even got mad at Jimmy about it. He's told me so many times that my cunt will be
his when this is all over. As long as I know I belong to Ralph I will be okay,"
she told herself trying to control her fears.


 "Yes Master." She said bravely

"This is the best day of my life," He said as he spun and jumped in circles. 
Then he looked over to Ralph

"I will give you one Hundred and fifty thousand dollars for her and if she gives
the final command I will double the amount."

"I guess that's the end of the bidding," Ralph said as he looked around the
room. "I declare that the dog man has purchased "little bitch"  for the sum of
three hundred thousand dollars. I know she will give the final command. She is
now his property to do with as he pleases."

Mandi was in shock. Ralph had just sold her. She was no longer his.

"I can't believe what I just heard," she thought as terror flowed into her. "My
mind must be playing tricks on me. I know that Ralph wouldn't sell me. He
couldn't let someone else have me. Everything he said to me couldn't be a lie. 
Oh please God!!! What is happening? Please help me.  Please help Ralph get us
out of this. Please,  Please,,  Please." She begged in her thoughts.

"I'm not a greedy man." The dog man said. "I'm sure that some of you would like
a little souvenir. So I'm open to offers."

"I will give you ten thousand dollars if I can remove one of her breasts." Said
the Oriental man.

"Done," Replied 'Dog man'.

"If you let me fuck her and she doesn't rupture, I'll give you twenty thousand
dollars." Said the huge black man.
"Done," said the "Dog Man".

"Could it be true that Ralph has really sold me? That is the only thing I live
for. That is what has held me together," she thought as pee began to dribble
down her legs .

Terror was overwhelming her. She had to get out of there. Somehow she had to
escape from this crazy place.

She started walking backwards towards the bedroom door but from out of nowhere
three men sprang out of the darkness grabbing her around her waist and by her
arms. She felt as if she had been locked in a vice.

"There is no turning back now you stupid cunt," "Dog Man" said laughing at her
feeble attempt.

Mandi tried to kick the men holding her but she could hardly move in their grip. 
She began crying and screaming as she fought with all her strength to free
herself. Her skin became cold and clammy as panic filled her heart. She was
begging them to let her go as she lost total control of her bladder and pee
poured down her legs onto the floor. Everyone was laughing as she struggled in
vain to escape. The men dragging her over to the mechanical chair and begin
strapping her into it.

"Please, please make them stop. Please don't let them do this to me", she
pleaded looking into Ralph's laughing eyes.

She was fighting as hard as she could, kicking, screaming, and crying, but it
made no difference as they strapped her into the cold steel chair. She felt pain
surging through her body as one of the men began to cut_  __  ___   _____    
_________ ,,,,,,,  Now wait a moment,,,,,That's the end of PartA.

  
       In Part "B" Mandi will escape to experience more adventures for our
pleasures. I hope you have enjoyed this story.  If you have I would love to hear
from you. I might even let you in on how she escapes from the most terrifying
night of her young life.

                                                                        
Angelgirl

                                                                         
    can-angel@canada.com



Amanda�s 17 th Birthday Story { Part 2 }
By Angelgirl 
If you haven't read {Part 1 }  of this story I suggest you do before reading this. 
&quot;There is no turning back now,&quot; &quot;Dog Man&quot; said with a
  sinister grin. 
Mandi tried to kick the men holding her as she began to cry and scream. She
  was fighting as hard as she could to get away from them. She was in a total
  panic begging them to let her go as she lost control of her bladder and pee
  began running down her legs onto the floor. 
&quot;Do something with her,&quot; Ralph heard &quot;Dog man' yelling at him, &quot;I
  didn't pay this kind of money for another hysterical cunt, I paid for a bitch
  that would be willing to do as she is told. Now look at her; do something.&quot; 
The men dragged Mandi over to the mechanical chair and began strapping her
  into it. 
She was kicking, screaming, and crying in totally hysteria as one of the men
  put a ball and gag into her mouth. 
Ralph appeared at her side, &quot;You've got it all wrong little bitch. I
  told you when this was over your cunt would be mine. 
I didn't lie to you. I care about how you feel so much that I have brought
  a friend of yours who was late.&quot; 
Mandi could see a man pushing a table towards her; it was her friend the scientist. 
&quot;I'm sorry I'm so late my dear,&quot; he said in a comforting voice.
  I never wanted you to get into this state. It is very important that you try
  to calm yourself. I will make everything better if you can calm down. You must
  be relaxed before I can start.&quot; 
&quot;She must be in a relaxed state for me to continue,&quot; he said to
  Ralph. 
Mandi watched as he pulled a hypodermic from his bag and raised it into the
  air. He tapped on the glass as he squirted a little from it's tip. 
&quot;Would you please give me your arm my sweet child,&quot; he asked in
  a pleasant tone. 
As Mandi lifted her arm to the only man she still trusted she watched him
  tie an elastic tube tightly around it. She gasped when she felt the needle
  pushing into one of the swollen veins and begin injecting its fluid into her. 
&quot;I have only given her a mild sedative. My procedures will not work unless
  she is calm before I start. 
&quot;You must talk to her,&quot; he ordered Ralph. &quot;Convince her that
  everything is all right.&quot; 
&quot;Don't blow it now; we are so close my sweet angel,&quot; she heard Ralph
  whispering into her ear. It isn't real money, it's all pretend,&quot; he said
  to her. &quot;We'll be lucky if we get ten thousand dollars. You know I would
  never lie to you. Don't you my love?&quot; 
Mandi was beginning to feel warm and light headed. 
&quot;I feel like I'm on a cloud. I'm glad Ralph is finally telling me the
  truth about what is happening tonight,&quot; she thought to herself. 
&quot;It's going exactly as I planned,&quot; Ralph began pleading again. &quot;I
  told you there were things you didn't need to know. I should have told you
  that whoever wins you tonight will only have you till morning. Tomorrow none
  of these men will ever see you again, I promise you that. You have to trust
  me,&quot; he begged. 
&quot;Well done,&quot; The scientist's voice boomed as he looked at Ralph. &quot;Her
  pulse is normal and she is calm. Now I can continue,&quot; he said smiling. 
&quot;I just had to know I still belong to Ralph,&quot; thought Mandi, &quot;I
  am still Ralph's property and I will never see these terrible men again, I
  feel much better now. I know I can make it now that the scientist is with me,&quot; Mandi
  thought to herself as the drugs began to effect her judgement. 
The scientist pushed a large needle into Mandi's neck that was attached to
  a tube. Her cloudy eyes followed down the length of it till they rested on
  a machine. She watched him turn the machine on and could hear it making a gurgling
  sound as it pumped a warm liquid into her artery. 
&quot;I don't know why I thought something was wrong,&quot; she thought as
  her head began to spin. &quot;This whole thing is in my imagination. Ralph
  and the scientist are probably the only ones who are really here. That's it!
  That's my test. I've been hypnotized into thinking all these bad things are
  happening. I know it can't be true, I feel so good inside and I love Ralph
  so much. &quot; 
&quot;I can't believe I have done it,&quot; Ralph thought proudly to himself. &quot;I'm
  going to make over two hundred thousand dollars from this ninety pound slut.
  I am either the best con man on the planet or she is the stupidest cunt ever.
  She believed every fucking word I said to her, I sure hope the scientist doesn't
  kill her with all those drugs. He has never been successful in the past. The
  cunts always went nuts before we started on them,&quot; Ralph chuckled to himself. 
Everyone watched in silence as the scientist stuck several needles into Mandi
  and injected a large amount of fluid into her. After a few moments he turned
  to face the men in the room. 
&quot;Gentlemen... the subject is completely at rest. I'm sure you're wondering
  how long it will last once one of you starts to work on her. All of my previous
  subjects did not submit at all well to my procedures. It would be fair to say
  they were a total failure with all their pleading and screaming. It has been
  a great embarrassment to me having failed time after time; but this time will
  be very different. There was one thing I did not take into consideration before. 
&quot;Their state of mind as I administered the drug.&quot; 
&quot;You see gentlemen... my drugs worked every time. The problem was it
  would maintain the subject in whatever state she was in before the drugs were
  administered. Therefore... a hysterical subject would remain hysterical. That
  is why my procedures seemed a failure. This time I made it very clear to Ralph
  that he must provide us with a subject willing to submit to my procedures.
  I told him it was very important the subject come willingly. 
&quot; I would like to say that he has done better than I could have ever
  imagined. The subject came to us of her own free will, in fact she wanted to
  come. I have frozen her mind in that state. Her ability to reason is all but
  gone, she can't tell reality from fantasy. Even her short-term memory will
  fail her, she won't know if something that happened just moments ago was real
  or just a thought. She will feel pain but her mind will interpret it as pleasurable.
  The only part of her mind that is not affected is her memory of events prior
  to the drugs being administered. That is why it was so important that she was
  calm and feeling good about herself and Ralph. 
&quot;In summary gentlemen... I am saying that you can do anything you wish
  with her. She will be a willing and obedient subject,&quot; he said smiling
  proudly 
&quot;Well boys, who would like to go first,&quot; &quot;Dog man&quot; yelled
  out as he stood up. 
&quot;I claim my pound of flesh,&quot; said the old Oriental. 
&quot;Take it,&quot; &quot;Dog man&quot; laughed loudly. 
The DR. circled her a few times before he began to play with the controls
  of the chair she was in. He spread her legs wide apart putting his head between
  them and began licking her. 
&quot;I should have claimed her cunt, it tastes delicious,&quot; he giggled. 
He adjusted the chair so that she was in a standing position facing him. He
  went over to where he had been sitting and picked up his black case and then
  walked back in front of her. He lifted a very thin short-bladed knife out of
  the case and slowly waved it in front of her face. 
&quot;Are you ready to be skinned alive little bitch,&quot; he asked in an
  excited voice. 
Ralph couldn't believe his ears when he heard Mandi answer, 
&quot;Yes Master,&quot; she answered without even blinking an eye. 
The Oriental put the blade under her beautifully feathered bra and gave it
  a little flick causing it to drop to the floor. He then placed the blade under
  her left breast and very slowly pushed the tip under her skin. Everyone was
  watching Mandi's face as the blade traveled farther into her flesh. Mandi seemed
  oblivious to what was happening; she didn't make a sound. He pushed it in about
  a half inch and then began to draw it around her breast,Mandi didn't move as
  he drew a circle around her breast. 
The knife had penetrated her skin over half an inch all the way around and
  there was blood oozing from the wound. 
&quot;Can I have your tit?&quot; he asked as saliva ran from his mouth onto
  his chin. 
&quot;Yes master,&quot; Mandi replied seeming to have no understanding. 
This time when he reached into his bag he pulled out a longer knife with a
  curved blade. He stuck it into the wound on the underside of her breast and
  forced it in under her skin about six inches. He began to turn his hand in
  a circular motion holding the tip of the knife under her nipple. 
After he had completed the circle he removed the knife and placed it onto
  the table. He pushed his fingers under the flap of skin at the top of her breast
  and began to pull down. He pulled the flesh till it was peeled back to her
  nipple; then he did the same from the bottom of her lovely white tit. 
The skin on her breast was completely peeled away except for her nipple. He
  took from his case what looked like a small pair of scissors and began to snip
  the tissue on the inside of her nipple. 
&quot;I just have to get a better look at this. I have to see what he is doing.&quot; Ralph
  thought as he walked over beside Mandi and looked at where the Oriental man
  was snipping. 
&quot;It looks like small tubes he is cutting,&quot; thought Ralph. &quot;I
  can't believe how excited I am getting watching Mandi having her tit cut off.
  I'm sure if I even touched my cock I would be blowing cum all over the fucking
  place.&quot; 
Ralph watched closely as the DR. finished his skilful cutting and Mandi's
  left breast fell into his waiting hand. He turned around lifting it into the
  air for everyone to see. And everyone cheered. 
He had done such a good job that there was very little blood. Actually her
  tit was still there, it just looked a lot smaller and like someone had smeared
  it with ketchup. 
&quot;Are you happy that I have your beautiful white breast?&quot; he said
  to Mandi as he held it in front of her face. 
&quot;Yes master,&quot;she replied with a slight look of confusion in her
  eyes. 
&quot;Holy fuck, the drugs are actually working,&quot; thought Ralph to himself. 
&quot;That little cunt is lying there strapped into the chair with her fucking
  tit cut off and she doesn't even give a shit. I can't believe how well things
  are going, I just hope the drugs keep working; the best is yet to come.&quot; 
&quot;That is all for now little bitch,&quot; the Oriental said to her. &quot;I
  want more of your flesh later. Is that okay with you?&quot; he asked with a
  tremble in his voice. 
&quot;Yes master,&quot; Mandi replied almost mechanically. 
&quot;These fucking perverts sure are getting excited by Mandi agreeing to
  let them butcher her,&quot; Ralph chuckled to himself. 
Through hazy eyes Mandi watched the black man who was the owner of the biggest
  cock in the world get up and walk over in front of her. 
&quot;Are you ready to be fucked to your death little bitch,&quot; he said
  smiling down on her. 
Again, without blinking an eye Mandi answered, &quot;Yes master.&quot; 
&quot;Then we shall fuck,&quot; he bellowed as he began to made adjustments
  to the &quot;Do anything chair&quot;. When the chair stopped moving Mandi was
  laying flat on her stomach facing him. &quot;Lift your head and open your mouth,&quot; he
  said as he started to unbuckle his pants. 
Mandi did as he commanded and before she knew what was happening he put the
  head of his enormous cock into her mouth telling her to suck it. She was having
  trouble keeping it in her mouth as it kept getting bigger and bigger till the
  corners of her lips began to turn white from the lack of blood flow. Her mouth
  was being stretched beyond its capability. 
&quot;Let's see what's in your belly little bitch,&quot; he said with a laugh
  as he thrust his cock down her throat. He began to pull it out only to thrust
  it into her again until it ripped it's way down her throat about eighteen inches;
  then he stood motionless. 
&quot;From the colour of her skin,&quot; the scientists said, &quot;I would
  think you are suffocating her. She will be dead in a matter of moments if you
  don't remove your cock from her throat.&quot; 
The black man grunted as he looked over to the scientists. &quot;I don't want
  to snuff her that way anyhow,&quot; he said as he slowly pulled his cock from
  her mouth and began to adjust the chair so she was facing away from him. 
He then adjusted it so she was leaning forward with her legs spread wide open.
  He bent down between her legs and took a long look at her cunt before he stuck
  three fingers into it and began to finger fuck her. He was finger fucking her
  hard when all of a sudden he stopped and turned to the men in the room with
  a look of surprise on his face. 
&quot;You guys probably won't believe this but this little bitch's cunt is
  as hot as fire and it is soaking wet; she is actually turned on,&quot; he yelled
  out. 
&quot;I can't believe what he's saying,&quot; Ralph thought to himself. &quot;She
  must realize he will kill her with that huge cock of his. How could he possibly
  think she is turned on,&quot;. 
Ralph moved over beside the black man and politely asked if he could feel
  for himself if she really was turned on. He asked if he could stick his hand
  into her cunt. 
&quot;Sure Buddy, take your time I'm in no rush,&quot; the black man answered
  with a huge smile of satisfaction on his face. 
Ralph looked between Mandi's legs. The lips were swollen and puffy with cunt
  juice dripping out of it. He slowly pushed two fingers into her. 
&quot;Holly fuck boys!,&quot; She's on fire in here,&quot; he screamed with
  surprise. 
Ralph saw that the black man was getting restless so he stepped back and let
  him resume what he had been doing. 
&quot;Would you like me to fuck you now?&quot; the black man mockingly asked
  Mandi. 
&quot;Yes master,&quot; she replied instantly. 
He positioned his cock at the opening of her hot hole and began to push its
  huge mass into her till the head was into her just a few inches. He stood rocking
  back and forth but never pushing more than four inches of it in her. 
&quot;It sure is nice to fuck a cunt that doesn't need a pound of lard shoved
  into it to make it wet,&quot; he said with a silly grin. 
Ralph was getting so horny watching the black man fucking Mandi that his cock
  felt like it was about to burst from his pants. He had to pull it out to stroke
  it. As he released his swollen tool he noticed that most of the other men had
  their cocks in their hands also. 
The black man began pushing his living baseball bat deeper and deeper into
  Mandi's burning tube. When he had about three-quarters of it buried in her
  he yelled out that he had hit bottom. 
&quot;Now we will find out just how elastic she is,&quot; he laughed sadistically. 
&quot;Goodbye Mandi,&quot; were the only thoughts to go through Ralph's mind. &quot;If
  he has already hit bottom she's a goner. He has at least six more inches of
  salami to shove into the bitch.&quot; 
The idea that the black man was about to rip Mandi's insides apart was exciting
  Ralph more then he had ever thought possible. His cock felt like a piece of
  hot steel in his hand. 
As the black man pushed deeper into her; Ralph could see her body wrenching
  forward with each of his thrusts. He kept pumping harder and with each trust
  he would go a little deeper into her dripping cunt. 
His cock was buried into her over sixteen inches now and every time he thrust
  forward her eyes looked like they would pop out of their sockets. 
He was really into it now and didn't even seem notice anyone was watching
  or that the camera crew had bright lights on him and Mandi. 
&quot;You have such a wonderful cunt,&quot; he panted between strokes, &quot;It's
  a shame that I'm going to rip you apart any second now. I'm going to give you
  all of my meat now little bitch. I'm going to rip you're insides open and cum
  in your belly,&quot; he laughed. 
He slowly pulled his cock all the way out of her till just the tip was between
  her puffy lips; then with one violent thrust he buried himself to the hilt
  into her. 
Everyone heard the loud slap of his balls on her belly as his pubic bone slamed
  into her ass. 
Mandi's mouth sprang open and her eyeballs were bulging so large it looked
  like they were going to pop as he buried his cock all the way into her bleeding
  cunt. He would pull it out of her only to thrust it all the way back in again.
  With each trust her mouth popped open. 
&quot;I can't take this anymore. I have to do something.&quot; Ralph thought
  to himself as he moved towards Mandi 
The next time the black man pushed into Mandi and her mouth popped open Ralph
  was waiting with his throbbing cock in his hand. When her mouth sprang open
  he shoved his burning meat down her throat and started to fuck her as hard
  as he could. 
The thought of Mandi being fucked from both ends was to much for Ralph and
  he began to unload his seed deep inside her throat. He couldn't remember a
  time he had cum so hard. 
&quot;It's time to blow a hole right through you,&quot; the black man began
  to scream. 
He looked like he was going into convulsions as his body began to shake and
  jiggle all over. His legs gave way and he fell backwards onto the floor shooting
  cum in all directions. Everyone started to laugh like crazy but all at once
  became silent as they all looked over to Mandi. She looked lifeless lying in
  the chair with blood and cum running from the huge hole between her legs. The
  scientist lifted her arm and held her wrist between his fingers for what seemed
  an eternity. 
&quot;Gentlemen... It would seem the reason Mandi is so lifeless is because
  she experienced about ten orgasms while you thought you were watching her being
  killed. She is exhausted. Not only did you not rupture her,&quot; the scientist
  said looking into the eyes of the black man. &quot;She was enjoying every moment
  of it.&quot; 
&quot;There has never been a cunt that could take my cock,&quot; the black
  man bellowed, &quot;Now I have finally found one. If I had known she could
  survive I never would have let the dog man out bid me. The bidding must reopen;
  I will pay anything for her. This party is over; I am taking her to be my personal
  cunt. I will pay you anything you ask,&quot; he said to the dog man. &quot;I
  must have her for myself.&quot; 
The dog man looked at all the men in the room until his eyes rested on the
  black man. He stood staring into his eyes for a long moment then he turned
  and they rested on his dogs. 
&quot;You all know that the cost of what we do is irrelevant,&quot; the dog
  man said calmly. &quot;Whether it be fifty dollars or five million it would
  make no difference to the players here. I do not come with the idea of making
  money; I come here to enjoy myself as you do. 
&quot;From what I have seen so far from this bitch I think I'm going to have
  the best time I have had since we started this club. I love my dogs more than
  anything in the world. They know why they are here tonight. They love and trust
  me enough that they will obey me even when it is obvious they do not want to.
  They know that in the end the prize will be theirs. 
&quot;For me to give or even sell little bitch to anyone would destroy the
  trust my dogs have for me. Don't push this issue any further,&quot; he said
  to the black man. &quot;Tonight the bitch's destiny is with my dogs. If you
  can convince them to give her to you then you may have her.&quot; 
A look of rage swept across the black man's face as he put his hand into his
  pocket pulling out a small pistol. He pointed it at the dog man. 
&quot;I will kill you and your God Dam dogs before I let them have her,&quot; he
  screamed at the top of his lungs. 
&quot;Gentlemen...&quot; the scientist interrupted. &quot;It is not my practice
  to explain or inform anyone exactly what I have done to any given subject,
  but in this case I think you should know a few things before anyone starts
  spraying bullets around. You saw that I injected into her neck and not her
  arm this time. The reason for this is I wanted all the drugs to enter her brain
  at full strength. What I do would take months or years if I were trying to
  help someone under normal conditions. I would not be trying to make a zombie
  out of them. What I have done here is for maximum effect in a very short period
  of time. What I am trying to tell you is she probably won't live out the week.
  Her heart will most likely fail. Her fate is already sealed,&quot; the scientist
  said in a sombre tone. 
The black man began to laugh as he looked around the room. 
&quot;Well, she was a great fuck while she lasted,&quot; he laughed as he
  put the gun back into his pocket. 
Everyone in the room started laughing as everything began returning to normal. 
Mandi saw the fat man who smoked cigars get up with a box of cigars under
  his arm and walk over to her. 
&quot;Do you mind if I brand your ass?&quot; the fat man asked with a sinister
  smile on his ugly face. 
Mandi was staring blankly into space and hardly herd a word he had said but
  still she answered quickly. 
&quot;No master,&quot; she replied. 
She watched the fat man take a handful of unlit cigars and begin feeding them
  into her pussy one after the other until he had about thirty cigars sticking
  out of her. 
She saw him pull one out and light it puffing on it till the end was red hot. 
&quot;Is it ok that I use your cunt as a cigar holder?&quot; he asked laughing
  loudly. 
Again Mandi answered, &quot;Yes Master.&quot; 
&quot;I'm going to burn my cigars into your ass one at a time. When I am finished
  you will have my brand for the rest of your short life. Is that ok with you
  little bitch?&quot; he asked. 
&quot;Yes Master,&quot; she replied not believing any of this was really happening. 
He lifted the cigar he was smoking and pushed it hard into the soft white
  flesh of her beautiful ass. She could hear a loud hissing sound but could feel
  no pain at all. 
&quot;I know it would hurt like crazy if he really did that,&quot; Mandi thought
  in her drug filled mind. &quot;It must be part of my test. I know I am safe
  as long as Ralph is here. He won't let anything bad happen to me. I love him
  so much.&quot; She thought as she watched the ugly fat man drop the cigar to
  the floor as he admired the large red hole in her ass. 
He pulled another cigar from her cunt and lit it. Then he burned another hole
  right beside the last one. He did this over and over until all the cigars had
  been removed from her cunt. 
Ralph looked to see he had written the words, &quot;DIE BITCH.&quot; Into
  the soft flesh of her ass. 
&quot;It seems like a waste of good cigars,&quot; thought Ralph to himself. &quot;But
  I have to admit he did a fine job of branding her.&quot; 
The fat man said he had one more thing to do before he would be finished with
  her as he opened his pants and a rock hard cock popped out. 
He shoved his cock into her cunt and started fucking her. After a few moments
  he pulled out and shot his load all over his art work. 
Ralph looked at the dripping cum on the freshly made brand and smiled to himself. 
&quot;Now that's what I call art,&quot; he thought as he watched the cum filling
  the holes on her flesh. 
Dog man stood up looked around the room. 
&quot;Is there anyone else who wants a peace of her.&quot; 
The director of the film crew said he would like to do some filming of her
  being fucked in different positions in the chair by several men. 
&quot;OK go for it,&quot; dog man said. 
&quot;We are all going to fuck you now,&quot; the director said to Mandi. &quot;Each
  of us wants you in a different position. Is that OK with you?&quot; he asked
  in his squeaky voice. 
&quot;Yes Master,&quot; Mandi replied from her dream world. 
The director adjusted the chair so that Mandi was upside down with her legs
  spread open. He climbed on top of her and began fucking her violently. Her
  head was a foot off the floor bouncing wildly as another member of the crew
  got on his knees in front of her grabbing her from behind her head and shoved
  his cock deep into her throat. 
The camera crew took turns fucking her and filming it for about an hour. When
  they were finished she was covered in their cum. 
&quot;Enough of this; my dogs have been waiting long enough,&quot; the dog
  man said as he told the film crew to release her from the chair. 
Mandi fell to the floor as the last strap was removed from her body. She tried
  to stand but her legs were too weak and she kept falling back to the floor. 
&quot;Don't bother trying to stand,&quot; she heard dog man say to her. I
  want you on your hands and knees. Do you understand bitch?&quot; he said to
  her. 
&quot;Yes Master,&quot; Mandi answered content to remain on the floor. 
&quot;You are a dog bitch. You will act like a dog; you will walk like a dog.
  You will fuck like a dog. You are the bitch. Do you understand bitch?&quot; he
  asked her. 
&quot;Yes Master,&quot; Mandi answered not understanding anything he had said. 
Mandi watched as Dog man went into a bag pulling out a bottle that looked
  like it was filled with blood. 
&quot;Spread your fucking legs apart and lift your ass as high into the air
  as you can,&quot; she heard him shout. 
As Mandi did what she was told she could feel something being forced into
  her and the coolness of the liquid as it filled her emptiness. She could hear
  his dogs beginning to whine. 
Dog man pored about half the contents of the bottle into Mandi's cunt before
  he walked around in front of her and told her to drink the remainder of it.
  She took the bottle from him and drank its contents completely. 
&quot;I want you to crawl on all fours like the bitch you are,&quot; dog man
  told her. &quot;Go out the front door of the cabin and into the yard. You will
  see an old stump in the middle of the yard. I want you to stop beside it. Do
  you understand me?&quot;. 
&quot;Yes Master,&quot; Mandi said as she started to crawl. 
&quot;All right then; get outside you fucking little bitch,&quot; he laughed
  loudly. 
Mandi began crawling on her hands and knees towards the front door as she
  heard the dog man yell. 
&quot;SCENT,&quot; he commanded his dogs. 
As Mandi slowly crawled towards the door the four dogs were following behind
  sniffing between her legs. She felt one of the dogs stuck his nose into her
  pussy and begin licking. The dogs were getting very excited as they tried to
  be the one that could lick her cunt. 
&quot;My dogs are pleased,&quot; said dog man. &quot;They like the scent of
  the bitch's cunt now.&quot; 
All the way out into the yard the dogs were taking turns licking between her
  legs as she crawled on her hands and knees. She could see that every dog had
  his cock hanging out about six inches all swollen and red looking. When Mandi
  got beside the old tree stump she stopped as she had been told to do. 
&quot;Straddle the stump so that it's under your belly,&quot; she heard dog
  man ordering her. 
When Mandi placed herself over the stump dog man shackled her ankles and wrists
  with small chains to the bottom of it. 
&quot;Mandi looks really good,&quot; thought Ralph as he looked out at her
  white body glistening in the moonlight. 
She was shackled over the stump with her legs spread wide and the dogs were
  all around her; licking her body. 
&quot;The dogs are scenting her now,&quot; said dog man. &quot;The contents
  of the bottle I put into her will make her smell like a bitch in heat to them.
  We all know how crazy a dog can get when he smells hot cunt,&quot; he said
  laughing loudly. 
&quot;The scent is coming out of her skin. &quot;That is why my dogs are licking
  her everywhere,&quot; he said excitedly. 
Everyone was out on the front porch to watch the show Mandi and the dogs were
  about to put on. It was amazing the control dog man had over his dogs. They
  wanted so badly to mount her but they were waiting for his command to do it.
  Dog man sat back on the porch watching his dogs licking her body and cunt till
  finally he got up and walked out to where she was. 
&quot;Are you ready to give pleasure to my dogs? Are you willing to give them
  the best fucking they have ever had?&quot; he asked her. 
&quot;Yes master,&quot; Mandi answered with a shaky voice. 
&quot;Hold your head up as high as you can and open your mouth,&quot; she
  heard him say. 
Mandi lifted her head as high as she could and opened her mouth wide. 
&quot;If one of my dogs puts his cock into your mouth you must suck it. Do
  you understand bitch?&quot; he said to her. 
&quot;Yes Master,&quot; Mandi replied still confident that this must all be
  a dream. 
She watched dog man walk around behind her and stand there for a moment looking
  down on her. She felt the heat from his body as he got down on his knees between
  her legs and pushed his cock into her pussy. She was surprised when he pulled
  out of her and walked back onto the porch with the rest of the men. 
&quot;I wouldn't expect my dogs to stick their cocks into a fucking hole I
  wouldn't stick my cock into,&quot; he smiled. 
The dogs were walking around Mandi whining and looking back at dog man. Dog
  man was sitting back in his chair with his feet up on the rail when he yelled
  to his dogs, &quot;MOUNT.&quot; 
&quot;I never saw anything like it in my life,&quot; thought Ralph. &quot;The
  dogs are going absolutely mad fighting amongst themselves trying to be the
  first to mount the stupid cunt.&quot; 
Finally one of the dogs got on top of her and began humping. As the dog humped
  he kept pulling himself closer to her with his front paws that were digging
  deep into her flesh just above her hips. A trickle blood was running down onto
  her tummy. Mandi felt the dog's cock find its mark and begin to go deeply into
  her. Another dog went around in front of her jumping over her head and filled
  her mouth with it's thick cock. 
Mandi was trying to suck the dog's cock but he was pounding into her face
  so hard blood was running from her nose. The dog that was fucking her began
  to howl as he blew his load into her ravaged cunt. 
After a few moments the dog was able to pull himself free of her and another
  dog immediately slammed his hot cock into her cunt. The fourth dog who had
  not yet gotten any relief jumped up on top of her back and began turning circles
  as it yelping at the other dogs who were fucking her. It seemed like he was
  trying to tell them to hurry up as his nails dug into Mandi's back causing
  blood to run down around her tummy. 
The dog fucking Mandi's mouth started howling loudly and everyone could see
  cum pouring out of her lips around the dog's cock. As the dog tried to pull
  its swollen cock from her mouth Mandi wasn't able to open it wide enough to
  allow the huge cock out; his knot was still too big. The dog standing on her
  back began to bite him and he yelped jumping into the air. His cock popped
  out of Mandi's mouth pulling three of her front teeth with it. 
&quot;That must've really hurt,&quot; thought Ralph. &quot;I wonder if that
  poor dog will be able to fuck anymore tonight.&quot; 
As quickly as the dog was off; her mouth was filled again by the fourth and
  final dog. But there would be no rest for Mandi; by now the first dog was back
  for more. 
&quot;These crazy dogs are going to be fucking her for quite a while,&quot; Ralph
  laughed to himself. &quot;I think I'll go in to the cabin and have a beer.
  I haven't had a moments rest for several days now.&quot; 
The inside of the cabin was empty as everyone was outside on the front deck
  watching Mandi get fucked by the dogs. 
&quot;It is nice to be alone for a few minutes to relax a little,&quot; thought
  Ralph as he sank into the couch. 
He cracked a beer and the next thing he knew Jimmy was shaking him. 
&quot;You are going to miss all the fun if you sleep much longer.&quot; Jimmy
  laughed. 
Ralph asked how long he had been sleeping and Jimmy told him it had been about
  two hours since he left the porch. 
&quot;What's happening now?&quot; Ralph asked in an uninterested tone. 
&quot;The dogs are lying in a circle around Mandi; they are fucking exhausted.&quot; Jimmy
  roared with laughter. &quot;If you want anything from her you had better come
  out and get it.&quot; 
Ralph walked out onto the front porch looking into the yard. The dogs were
  all laying facing Mandi about ten feet from her in a circle. 
Mandi was a bloody mess. Her body was covered in deep cuts from the dog's
  claws. Her face was swollen and bleeding. The camera crew had their lights
  shining right between her legs on her ripped and bleeding cunt. He could see
  it was stretched wide open and pouring blood. 
&quot;God; that looks good,&quot; Ralph thought as he stared at the gaping
  hole between her legs. &quot;I don't think I've ever seen such a juicy cunt
  in my life.&quot; 
Everyone watched as Jimmy walked out into the yard and stood in front of Mandi. 
&quot;You guys are not going to believe this but this little bitch is still
  conscious,&quot; Jimmy yelled back. &quot;And she's still holding her head
  up with her toothless mouth open. No sense letting a good thing go to waste,&quot; he
  yelled loudly. 
Mandi was trying desperately to stay awake so that she could pass her tests.
  She was still trying to convince herself that these things were all in her
  imagination; but the drugs were starting to ware off and she was beginning
  to feel the pain. 
&quot;I can't believe this is really happening to me. I must still be strapped
  into that mechanical chair. This has to be an illusion caused by the drugs
  the scientist gave me. I know he wouldn't do anything to hurt me; he's my friend.
  If I go along with everything that is happening I know I will wake up to find
  it was all a bad dream.&quot; 
She watched through blood-shot eyes as Jimmy got down on his knees in front
  of her and pulled out his huge cock. Slowly he began to feed it into her mouth.
  Then in one trust he pushed it all the way down her throat and started to fuck
  her face. 
&quot;I always wanted to fuck a mouth that had no teeth; it feels great,&quot; yelled
  Jimmy. 
He put his hands around her throat and began to squeeze very hard. 
&quot;I can feel the head of my cock going in and out of her throat with my
  hands,&quot; yelled Jimmy. 
Jimmy let out a roar as he pushed his cock hard into Mandi's face and dumped
  his load into her tummy. Then he came back onto the porch with the rest of
  the men. 
&quot;Is that it then?&quot; Dog man asked everyone. 
&quot;I would like to examine her cunt,&quot; said the Oriental DR ... 
&quot;Make it snappy. My dogs are getting very hungry,&quot; dog man laughed. 
Oriental man stood in front of Mandi looking down into her pleading eyes. 
&quot;I would like to cut out a peace of your cunt. Is that okay with you
  little bitch?&quot; he said to her in a soft voice. 
All the men were listening to see if Mandi would answer him. 
Ralph couldn't believe his ears when he heard her answer in a weak voice. 
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; 
The DR. walked around behind Mandi and got down on his knees between her legs.
  He leaned very close probing the lips of her pussy with his fingers. 
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a short curved knife. 
He slowly inserted the knife into the opening of Mandi's pussy pushing it
  all the way up. He made a very fast circle motion with his hand and then pulled
  the knife out from between the lips. Blood began to run out around her clit
  as he stood up holding a small flap of flesh between his fingers. 
Mandi could feel a sharp burning between her legs. It was enough to make her
  realize something terrible was really happening to her. 
&quot;Oh my God! What is happening to me? Can this be real? Did he really
  cut my vagina? I hurt so badly; I'm so scared. I want to go home.&quot; She
  thought as reality filled her senses. 
The Oriental walked around in front of Mandi and held the small flap of flesh
  up for her to see. She gasped as she looked at the skin between his fingers. 
&quot;OH GOD NO!!!!&quot; she cried out from her swollen mouth. 'YOU CUT MY
  CLIT OFF&quot; she cried as tears poured down her cheeks. 
&quot;No,,No my sweet child,&quot; the DR. answered with a smirk on his face. &quot;I
  would never do such a thing. I merely circumcised you. It is only the hood
  that covers your lovely clitoris I have removed. 
The reality of what was happening to her was rushing into her mind as she
  watched the dangling flesh in front of her face. 
&quot;OH NO!!!! They are going to kill me. I'm going to die. Please God help
  me; I don't want to die like this. Please help me,&quot; she began to cry out. 
As the Oriental walked back to the porch he lifted his arm to throw the piece
  of flesh over to the dogs. 
&quot;Don't you fucking dare throw her cunt to the dogs,&quot; yelled Ralph. &quot;I
  made it clear from the beginning that her cunt; or any piece of it was mine,&quot; Ralph
  laughed. 
As the Oriental walked onto the porch he handed Ralph the piece of cunt skin.
  Everyone's attention quickly switched from Ralph as they heard &quot;Dog man
  yelling. 
&quot;Give the final command bitch,&quot; he called out to Mandi; but she
  did not respond. 
&quot;What a dumb fuck dog man is,&quot; thought Ralph to himself. &quot;Can't
  he tell that she is probably dead?&quot; 
Ralph was more interested in Mandi's cunt meat then he was in her dead body
  yelling some stupid command. 
It felt warm in his hands. The flesh looked swollen as he took out his cock
  and pulled the cunt flesh over it; it was warm and soft. 
&quot;Ralph, you fucking ass hole. Quit fucking her dead cunt and make her
  give the command,&quot; dog man yelled at him. 
Ralph looked over to dog man, and then out into the yard where Mandi lay slumped
  over the stump. The four dogs were still in a circle around her. 
&quot;She's dead,&quot; Ralph said to dog man. 
&quot;Bull shit. She is still holding her head up like I told her to do,&quot; screamed
  dog man. 
&quot;Holly shit!!! He's right. She is holding her head up. Maybe it's just
  nerves,&quot; thought Ralph. &quot;I feel stupid yelling commands to a corpse
  but if it will make him happy, I'll do it,&quot;. 
&quot;Come on Mandi baby; give the command,&quot; Ralph yelled out to her. &quot;Your
  cunt will be mine honey,&quot; he said trying to hold back laughter. &quot;Please
  baby; do it for me,&quot; he yelled. &quot;Just one fucking word; that's all
  it takes and your cunt will be mine forever,&quot; he yelled even louder this
  time. 
&quot;That's enough of making a fool of myself,&quot; Ralph thought as his
  attention returned to the peace of cunt meat between his fingers. 
He was more interested in jacking himself off with her flesh that was wrapped
  tightly around his cock. 
Mandi could hear them pleading with her to give the final command but fear
  was in total control of her now. 
&quot;OH GOD!!!! I'm going to die. I'm going to be torn into little peaces
  by those dogs. How could Ralph do this to me? I trusted him with my life and
  now I'm going to die. I know there is nothing that can save me now. If I don't
  give the command in the next second I know they will do it. I want Ralph to
  remember me as his most obedient slave. If I must die tonight I want him to
  be proud of me.&quot; 
The silence of the night was broken by the sound of Mandi's voice. 
&quot;DEVOUR!&quot; she yelled at the top of her lungs. 
Ralph stood frozen not believing what he had just heard. He watched as the
  dogs sprang to their feet. 
&quot;My emotions are running wild with the anticipation of these dogs ripping
  Mandi to pieces. It's almost more than I can take,&quot; thought Ralph himself. 
He pulled Mandi's cunt flesh off of his cock putting it into his mouth and
  began ripping it with his teeth. 
&quot;I feel like I'm one of the dogs,&quot; thought Ralph. &quot;I can feel
  her flesh ripping between my teeth. The taste of her sweet cunt is filling
  my mouth,&quot; 
He was in a frenzy; like a dog ripping Mandi's body to pieces. The taste of
  her flesh was driving him crazy with lust as he felt the rush all the way down
  to his cock. It began to explode shooting cum all over the porch as he dropped
  to his knees. When his head cleared he realized he had completely eaten Mandi's
  cunt skin; there wasn't a trace of it. 
&quot;Truly, I did not lie to Mandi when I told her; her cunt would be mine
  forever,&quot; he thought laughing to himself. 
Ralph looked up to see how Mandi and the dogs were doing. In his frenzied
  passion with her cunt skin he hadn't paid any attention to what was happening
  with her. He was surprised to see the dogs hadn't gone near her. They were
  standing back about fifty feet barking like crazy in her direction. Then Ralph
  realized there was something in the bush just a few feet from where Mandi was
  straddling the old stump. His heart froze as fear filled his mind. Mandi had
  also heard the rustling in the bush. 
&quot;HELP!!!! &quot;HELP&quot;!!!! she screamed in a voice so weak it could
  hardly be heard over the barking dogs. 
&quot;PLEASE&quot;...&quot;PLEASE GOD&quot; let it be someone to save me.
  PLEASE,,PLEASE,,PLEASEeeee,&quot; she sobbed. 
A faint scream burst from her throat when she saw the intruder emerging from
  the bushes. It was snorting and grunting as it moved towards her. Mandi could
  see steam coming from it's nostrils as its beady little eyes locked into hers.
  Mandi screamed in horror as the young bear approached her. She felt its cold
  nose touching the underside of her belly as it sniffed her body. Sensing the
  heat coming from between her legs the young bear shoved his head into her burning
  crotch. Mandi felt a screaming pain surging up her spine as the bear pushed
  his heavy snout under her pubs and lifted her bottom into the air. 
&quot;NO!!!! NO!!!! NOOOOoooo!!!&quot; she screamed from deep inside her belly. &quot;This
  can't really be happening; I'm going to be eaten by a bear. Is this the answer
  to my prayers?&quot; she sobbed uncontrollably. 
Mandi was unaware of anything except the actions of the bear between her legs.
  She couldn't hear the &quot;Dog man&quot; screaming at his dogs to attack the
  young bear. She couldn't hear the snarls of the dogs as their collective courage
  increased. 
The pain in her pubs was so intense that her head was beginning spin. She
  knew that at any moment she would black out never to wake again. Then without
  warning she heard the bear scream almost like it were a child; and her body
  dropped back down onto the cold stump. The sounds of howling and screaming
  were piercing her ears as she used all her strength to turn her head in the
  direction of the sounds. Her eyes widened when she saw the four dogs all over
  the bear. They were on it's back and under it's belly biting and ripping it's
  flesh. Blood was pouring from it's neck as it ran into the bush with the dogs
  hot on it's tail. 
&quot;Maybe the dogs will kill the bear and eat it. Maybe they won't want
  me. GOD has answered my prayers,&quot; she thought to herself as she enjoyed
  the brief moment. 
Mandi could hear the animals fighting just a few feet into the bush. Slowly
  the sounds from the bear subsided until she could only hear the dogs ripping
  the flesh from the bears bones. 
&quot;Thank GOD! They are eating the bear; they won't want me.&quot; She thought
  with relief; until she heard &quot;Dogman&quot; yelling. 
She saw the four dogs emerge from the bush covered in blood and foam bubbling
  from their mouths as if they had all become rabid. She watched as they returned
  to their original passion in a tight circle around her. The knowledge that
  all hope was gone filled her mind. It was her; the dogs wanted this night.
  She knew that in a moment it would be her flesh she would hear ripping from
  it's bones. Mandi closed her eyes and began to pray. 
&quot;Now it's time for the entertainment we have all been waiting for,&quot; she
  heard &quot;Dogman yelling loudly. 
Mandi's teeth were chattering together as she waited to hear him yell the
  dreaded command to his dogs. 
Before &quot;Dogman could say anything there was a loud crashing sound. Just
  as Mandi was about to open her eyes to see what the commotion was she heard
  a loud thud and her body was flying into the air. She landed over thirty feet
  away in thick bush at the edge of the yard. She got up onto her knees and peered
  through the dense bush into the yard. There was nothing but dust and splinters
  where the stump had been that she had been changed to. She could hear the dogs
  howling as if they were being beaten; but it was much worse than that. Her
  eyes widened when she saw the biggest brown bear she had ever seen in her life
  ripping the dogs to pieces in the middle of the yard. 
&quot;HOLLY SHIT!!!! That must be the mother bear; she is really pissed,&quot; Mandi
  thought as a feeling of joy filled her heart watching the bear ripping the
  dogs apart. 
&quot;I had better get the fuck out of here before it sees me,&quot; she thought
  as she tried to get to her feet. 
It took all of her strength and will-power to force her battered body up onto
  its feet. 
&quot;If I don't get out of here I will surly die. If the mother bear doesn't
  get me Ralph and his crazy friend's surly will. I must run: I must.&quot; 
Mandi stumbled and fell many times as she ran through the thick forest. Finally
  she collapsed under a tree unable to move another inch. She could feel the
  blackness covering her and could do nothing to stop it. 
&quot;Thank You God&quot; were the last thoughts as her beaten body dragged
  her into a deep sleep. 
A small droplet of water falling off a leaf from the morning dew woke Mandi
  with a start. She put her hand to her cheek feeling it's cool wetness as a
  smile spread across her face. It was a beautiful sunny morning and she was
  still alive. She tried to stand but this time her body would not respond; it
  was as if every muscle was fused together. She was trying desperately to get
  up when she heard noises coming towards her. Before she had a chance to hide
  two figures were looming over her. It was Ralph and the Oriental DR ... For
  a second she had a feeling of relief; until she saw Ralph pointing a gun at
  her. She closed her eyes and lay as still as she possibly could. 
&quot;If they think I am already dead maybe they won't shoot me and will leave
  me here to rot,&quot; she thought as she heard them begin to talk. 
&quot;It would be a shame to dispose of such a lovely creature,&quot; she
  heard the Oriental saying to Ralph. &quot;I will make it worth your wile if
  you deliver her to my clinic undetected.&quot; 
&quot;She's a fucking mess,&quot; Mandi heard Ralph saying. &quot;It would
  be best to finish it here.&quot; 
&quot;You forget I'm a &quot;Plastic Surgeon.&quot;, the DR. answered. I would
  enjoy the challenge of piecing her together; but I'm sure that is of no interest
  to you. What might interest you is I will give you two hundred thousand dollars
  for her if you can deliver her to my clinic without anyone knowing; not even
  the men that are here. I don't want anyone asking what my plans are for her.
  I don't want to share her sweet white flesh with anyone.&quot; 
Ralph couldn't make up his mind if it was the two hundred thousand or the
  thought of Mandi being the mad DR's. Private sex toy that was causing such
  excitement in his loins. But one thing he knew for sure was Mandi was on her
  way to a new adventure. 
&quot;You just bought yourself a peace of white trash,&quot; Ralph laughed
  as he bent down and snapped a pair of handcuffs onto Mandi's wrists. 
As the men climbed into the helicopter for the trip home Ralph told the pilot
  he would need to make another trip up the mountain to pick himself and Jimmy
  up latter. He said they were staying behind to do a little clean up. 
Mandi was trying to free herself when Jimmy came up to her. As he leaned down
  to release her she kicked him as hard as she could between his legs. She couldn't
  believe it when Jimmy turned with a smile on his face. 
&quot;You shouldn't have done that,&quot; were the last words she remembered
  as his fist slamed into her face at lightning speed. 
Jimmy carried her lifeless body back to the cabin and dropped her into the
  box they had used to bring her up just as Ralph walked in. 
&quot;Did you tie and gag the bitch so she won't be able to make any noise?'
  Ralph asked. 
&quot;Don't you worry Ralph,&quot; Jimmy laughed loudly. &quot;She won't be
  making any sounds for a long time,&quot; Jimmy knew that he had broken her
  jaw with his thunderous punch. 
When the helicopter returned Ralph and Jimmy loaded the crate with Mandi into
  it. 
&quot;There will be an extra thousand in it for you if you deliver this crate
  to the helle-port on top of DR. Chow's roof,&quot; he said to the pilot. 
The pilot didn't ask any questions; he had experienced many weird things with
  rich people before. He took the thousand dollars and was gone in a flash. 
When Mandi woke she was laying in a brightly lit room with the sun shinning
  through the window. For a moment her mind was at rest and she felt safe; until
  she tried to move. She was strapped into the bed with thick leather straps
  all around her body. There were wires attached to her chest and when she began
  to move lights began to flash. She saw the door opening and the Oriental DR.
  came smiling into the room. Her first impulse was to scream and fight but something
  inside told her to remain calm; It was the best advice her mind had ever given
  her. 
&quot;I see you are finally awake,&quot; the DR. said in a friendly voice. &quot;Do
  you remember what happened?&quot; 
&quot;NO&quot; Mandi answered bluntly; and quickly felt a screaming pain rip
  into her face. 
&quot;NO!! NO!! Is that the way you speak to your loving Master,&quot; the
  Oriental yelled as he raised his hand to strike her again. 
&quot;OH GOD!!! He is still playing the game,&quot; Mandi thought as she tried
  to burry her head deeper into the pillow. &quot;After all the things that prick
  has done to me he wants me to call him &quot;Master&quot;. But if I don't he
  will beat me I'm sure. 
&quot;NO Master&quot;, Mandi answered obediently as she watched him lower
  his hand to his side. 
&quot;That's much better my sweet child,&quot; he said as the smile returned
  to his face. 
&quot;You were attacked by a bear while we were playing our innocent games.
  You were ripped up quite badly, but I have put your lovely body back together,&quot; he
  said as he watched Mandi look down towards her breast. 
&quot;I see that you remember the bear ripped off your breast; is that so?&quot; he
  asked questionally. 
&quot;He is hopping I don't remember what really happened to me. If I act
  like I trust him he might untie me. I must make him think I'm his willing slave.&quot; 
&quot;Yes Master,&quot; Mandi answered obediently. 
A huge smile appeared on the Oriental's face when he heard Mandi's words. 
&quot;And would you be willing to show me some gratitude for repairing your
  torn breast?&quot; he asked as he began to unfasten his pants . 
The little oriental was methodical in everything he did; she watched as he
  emptied his pockets onto the table beside the bed. He placed his wallet on
  the edge so she could see how thick it was. Then he slowly slipped out of his
  pants and folded them neatly. 
Mandi's eyes bulged when she saw the small hard penis pointing out at her;
  it was all she could do not to laugh at it's puny size. 
&quot;Yes Master&quot;, she said in a soft sexy voice. 
Mandi's hart almost stopped when she saw a sharp scalpel appear in his hand.
  He lowered the knife under the thin sheet and pushed it between her legs until
  it came to rest between the lips of her pussy. She could feel the cold steel
  pushing into her. 
&quot;You owe me so much pleasure my sweet child. I will cut you and then
  repair you a thousand times before you're debt is paid. But for now you are
  to weak to bleed for me. I will give you nourishment; I will give you my seed
  to fill your belly,&quot; he laughed loudly. He began to slash the leather
  straps binding her to the bed. Then he placed the knife on the table and grabbed
  her behind the head with both his hands gliding her mouth towards his hard
  cock. As soon as Mandi opened her mouth he drove in till his balls slapped
  onto her chin. Mandi used her mouth as never before; sucking and licking his
  cock. She raised one hand under his balls and gently rolled them between her
  fingers as he threw his head back and began to moan. Mandi could taste the
  first shots of his hot cum filling her mouth as she reached over to the table. 
&quot;YYYYOOOOWWWWUUUUuuuu&quot; the little Chinaman screamed as he looked
  down between his legs and saw blood everywhere. 
As he fell to the floor Mandi dropped the knife beside him. She could see
  one of his balls hanging almost to his knee; but she had no intention of staying
  around to admire her handiwork; she only stopped long enough to pick up the
  DR's wallet sitting on the bed and a housecoat from the back of the door before
  bolting for the door. She had never run so fast in all her life as she burst
  out the front doors and down the street. It seemed like hours before she stopped
  running; a phone booth was a few feet in front of her. She ran into it and
  began dialling her parent's number, but then a cold chill tingled down her
  spine. 
�Oh my God!� she thought, �What if my Daddy knew about this, what if he was
  somehow involved, I don't know what to do.� 
Then a thought came to her as she picked up the phone and began to dial. 
�My uncle in British Columbia , Canada has always said he loves me�, she thought. �He
  has told me so many times he would love it if I would come to live with him.
  He and Daddy hate each other so I know he would never tell anyone I was going
  to him.� She heard the phone ringing. 
�Hello� a man's voice said. She wasn't sure it was him. 
�Is this the residence of �Clifford Olsen?� she asked. 
�Yes� the man's voice answered cautiously. 
�Oh thank god!� she said. �It's me Mandi�. �Can I come to stay with you for
  a while; I'm in a little trouble?� 
�Have you told anyone you are coming here?� he asked. 
�No, Uncle Clifford� she answered. 
�That's perfect�, he said. �Don't tell anyone you are coming here. I want
  it to be a secret between us. Take a bus here and we will meet in Stanley Park
  . I'll give you my cell phone number; don't call me at home again. I have dreamed
  of having you all to myself for years,,,,,,,,,,,,I will have a very big surprise
  for you . Come as soon as you can.� 
After getting his private number she hung up. Mandi was so happy. She knew
  her Uncle Clifford would take her in as he really liked doing things with young
  girls. He was always helping out at girls sports ; and when a girl went missing
  last year he spent more time looking for her than anyone else. Even Mandi can
  learn a lesson. Her ordeal was finally over,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,or was it? 
I hope you liked my story. If you did I would love to hear your thoughts.
  Please e-mail me at, can-angel@canada.com 
Love 
Angelgirl 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Angelgirl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





