BDSM Library - Training Donnie




Training Donnie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young Gymnast gets special training.
Training Donnie

by bigkidred@yahoo.com

Donnie hung there waiting for the training to start. He knew or thought he knew
what this was all about but he was in for a little surprise. The plan was to put
that extra conditioning on this already tuned male specimen.

That''s what I do. I am a physical trainer and am paid to get people in shape.
Donnie was a gymnast and already in great shape. All you had to do was look at
him and you could see he was in great shape but his coach thought he needed a
little extra training to work on his control and endurance. Donnie agreed to the
training and here we are.

 Donnie is hanging there in his gymnast uniform. Somehow that is appropriate
since his hands are gripping a set of rings. Well, he is gripping them but his
hands and wrists are tied to the rings so his whole body is available for, well
training.

 Guess it is now time to describe Donnie. Donnie is 18, 5ft 10 inches, dirty
blond, brown eyes and a body that is lean and built. I mean built. His arms and
chest have muscles that even his gymnast jersey can''t hide. Currently his legs
are covered with his long white pants but you can tell that they are perfect.
Right now his toes are touching the floor but we will see what happens. There is
also a budge in the pants that shows that all parts of him are world class.

As I circle him his brown eyes follow me with a little uncertainty. Time to get
down to business. First to see how responsive he is. A light brush with my
fingertip against his left armpit followed up with one to the right brings a
gasp and a immediate tensing of the arms. ""Tickles"" I ask and his immediate
""NO"" means that I do it again. A little laugh and his whole body raises up as
he tries to protect his pits. The free swinging rings allow the body to get a
little swing going. This is going to be fun.

Now for a little unveiling. First of all the top. A pair of scissors soon leaves
this young man naked from the waist up. Now for a little teasing. A feather
seems like the right tool for the job. First a trip down the left side from the
pits to the ribs. Next around to the small of the back which causes the lower
body to thrust forward, up the middle of the back and then down the right side.
AGH. NO. Please stop. PLESSSSSSSSE stop. HA HA HA NO I am here for training, not
for this. PLESSSSE stop. No more. I whisper in his ear. ""Donnie. This is
training. Notice how your body is working. You have already worked up a sweat
and we haven''t even gotten started yet. Before we are done you will have a
workout that will rival anything you have ever done before.

I also think that you enjoy this a little. Notice how when I run this feather
around your nipples they swell and become hard as a rock. I think I will give
them a little pinch, and then a little more teasing. You need to look at
yourself when you strain like that. Your pecs are hard as a rock and your
muscles are perfectly defined.""


 After 10 minutes I decided that maybe it was time for a little control
training. Donnie is breathing in quick deep breaths and I stop his swinging back
and forth. "" Donnie, listen up. I want you pull up into an Iron Cross and hold
it for 10 seconds and then relax 30 seconds. I then want you to do it again.
However, here the rub. During the 30 seconds of relaxing I will be tickling you.
This will go on for five minutes. Then it will end. However if you fail to do
the Iron Cross each time, I will tickle you nonstop for 30 minutes. Good luck.""
After 5 minutes Donnie had succeeded. The control training was working. It was
great watching the arms stretched straight out with every muscle in the arms
straining the chest muscles solid as a rock as the Iron cross position was
attained every 30 seconds and held for 10 seconds.

What a stud!!! I could sit all day and watch this. The rest time was even more
fun as the body tried to get away from the unrelenting fingers and the
laughter/begging was music for the ears. Donnie now hung there standing on
tiptoes totally exhausted.

However the session was just starting. I think it is time to see what that bulge
is all about. You know which one I am talking about. Dreams do come true. Okay.
Options. What should I do? Jerk the long white pants and everything else down
quickly revealing everything or peal Donnie slowly.

""Well Donnie, what shall it be."" ""Please don''t, I don''t want to do this
anymore"" I circle Donnie slowly and then slowly pullout the waistband of the
long white pants. ""But Donnie, the training is far from over and the fun is
just starting.""

 I then jerk everything down to his knees. I know-if might be more fun the other
way but I can''t wait. I am not disappointed. What a beautiful sight. First, I
finish stripping the young man. Then I slowly walk around the male specimen
admiring the view. First of all, what a perfect cock and balls. About 8 1/2 to 9
inches of hard as a rock muscle that was pointed upward with just a slight
curve. Cut with a mushroom head that just begged for attention--well later. With
the cock out of the way the medium sized balls were hanging loose and totally
exposed for attention--well later.

 Powerful legs straining to maintain balance on tiptoe. Standing on tiptoe his
tight well defined ass was clenched and perfect. A single finger stroked lightly
on the lower back and the cock thrust out, the ass got even tighter, a tremor of
the entire body, and a drop of precum formed on the tip of that perfect mushroom
cockhead.

 ""Please."" was all I got from Donnie.

Perfect. Leg restraints with a three foot spreader and he was even more exposed.
His feet were now off the floor and he was now hanging totally from the rings.
Remembering that he was a little ticklish I ran my finger up the sole of his
feet. Sure enough, the toes curled trying to protect the foot and the breath
quickened. Now a parachute ball harness with just couple pounds of weight to
pull those balls a little more but not enough weight to cause pain. The whole
time the cock did not loose any of its hardness. Now, wetting a finger with the
precum from the tip of the cock and spreading the precum all over the cockhead
and Donnie is really turned on. I think he could come with me just lightly
stroking just his cockhead.


But we have even more to do. "" Donnie, I am going to tie these brushes to your
feet. If you keep your feet up the brushes will just hang there but if you relax
your legs the bushes will lay of the floor and tickle the bottom of your feet.
Therefore I advise you to work those leg muscles and keep them off those
brushes. At the same time I will be stroking your ribs, thighs, chest, back, and
every once in a while, those confined balls. You won''t be able to see what is
coming next since you will be blindfolded. I think that 30 minutes will be a
good workout.""

 ""No, Please no, I can''t take it. Please let me cum. I have to cum. I will do
anything but don''t tickle me. I won''t be able to take it."" The blindfold went
on and the fun began. I love hysterical laughter. I love pleading. I love hard
cocks dripping precum everywhere, and I really love lithe, powerful, bodies
straining to get away from a finger stroking lightly all over the body.

 Some people like feathers, brushes or some other item but I like to feel the
muscles under the skin and the beads of sweat. After 15 minutes I took the
brushes off his feet so I could add his feet to my list. I didn''t tickle Donnie
all the time but would stop for thirty seconds at a time to let him catch his
breath.

He also didn''t know if the thirty minutes were up. A finger on the small of the
back and the hips thrust forward. A finger in the pits and he would pull up his
entire body to protect them. A touch on the inside of the thigh and a tightening
of the muscle. A stroke on the sole of the feet and the whole body would strain
to get away. A stroke on the balls and the cock would twitch. Donnie was totally
under my control and getting the workout of his life. The cock seemed to get
harder and harder.

At the end of the thirty minutes I ended by stroking with one finger that cock.
Those hips thrust even farther forward. ''PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASSSSE"". One
stroke each second for one minute and Donnie was completely out of control. A
solid grip on the rock hard muscle and four full strokes and he CAME. ""Im
CUMMMMING. AHHHHHHH."" It seems that it went on forever. The first two shots hit
him in the face and the next 10 were almost as powerful. Donnie was done. I
lowered the rings so Donnie was now standing on his feet even though his legs
were still spread. As I gave him some water I whispered in his ear. ""That''s
round one. Rest. I''ll be back."" I then walked over to where TRAVIS was tied.
""Your turn.""

Suggestions appreciated bigkidred@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lee


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





