BDSM Library - Symon and Louise




Symon and Louise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The Wilkinsons had always been a very close family, but Symon decides the time has come to get to know his baby sister just a little bit better.
Symon and Louise  by nikki

Part 1, The First Time


Louise was Twelve years old when Symon first crept into her room late one night.
"I'm cold" he said, "Can I come in with you tonight?" Louise edged herself over
the bed and pulled back the covers for her brother to get in. he shivered a
little, so she put her arm around him and rubbed his back "mmm, that's nice" he
said. He put his hand on her tiny little breast, "you're growing up fast, sis"
she felt a stirring deep within her, his hand felt nice and her nipple hardened
under the flimsy fabric of her nightdress, he brushed it gently with his thumb,
rhythmically, back and forth, her pussy started to throb in time with the
motion, she hoped he would touch that too. To help him along, she thrust her
hips toward him slightly, and let a soft sigh escape her lips, at the same time
sliding her hand further down to the small of his back, pressing the flesh
experimentally.


He put his hand on her thigh, just above the knee, and stroked upward,
surreptitiously moving her nightdress up to her waist, his hand moved round, and
he touched her pussy, tracing his finger up the parting of the lips; she was
wet, and warm. He did this for a while, barely moving his fingers, his breathing
becoming heavy. Louise eased herself more onto her back, to allow him easier
access, she sensed he probably would be in trouble if mum and dad knew what he
was doing, but she liked it, and wanted to see what he would do next. Her
movements caused her pussy lips to part further; his fingers went slightly
deeper between the soft folds of skin. "Do you like this Lou Lou?" he said
"y..Y..Yes" she breathed, a strange new sensation welling up inside her. He drew
his hand away, and took her own small hand, which he placed on his rock hard
erection "see what you've done to me?" he said. "I want you to hold this and
move your hand up and down....oh yeah, like that...that is very, very good," he
groaned, as Louise pumped away carefully. Her pussy was throbbing like mad now,
she wasn't sure what it was she was doing to Symon, but he sure seemed to like
it, and that made her feel very special.


With her other hand she started to stroke herself the way her brother had been
doing, all the time continuing to move her hand up and down his hard, hot dick
like he had told her to, her wrist began to ache a little, she altered position,
trying to get comfortable again "its ok, stop for a while, I'm going to make you
feel really nice now, sweetheart" he whispered. He put his fingers back between
her pussy lips, and stroked down, gently pushing against her opening. With his
thumb he found her clitoris, which was swollen and aching, as he stimulated her
like this, he slowly slid his finger into her, it felt wonderful and before long
Louise felt the sensations mounting, and finally she gasped and her body bucked,
as she came hard onto his hand. He put his other hand over her mouth, stifling
the grunts and groans, until his little sisters body went limp, and she lay
there panting. He reached to the bedside locker and grabbed a handful of
tissues, and wiped his own ejaculate from where it had spurted, hot and thick,
onto his leg and her belly, the excitement of making his sister cum proving too
much for him to hold back his own orgasm any longer.


Mr. And Mrs. Wilkinson both commented on how subdued their children had been at
breakfast the following morning, with Symon, it was no real change from any
other morning, barely uttering a word other than a grunt when his mother handed
him his sandwiches as he sloped out of the door, it was fairly normal behaviour
for a sixteen year old boy. But Louise was normally ever so chirpy, even at that
time of day, and yet, she had seemed quiet, almost shy, on that occasion.


Symon had trouble concentrating, he so wanted to touch Louise again. His
girlfriend, Julie, had somehow lost her appeal, her tits seemed saggy and loose,
her skin dull, and she seemed so...easy, and unattractive. She just got on his
nerves. He told her he needed a break, she cried and pleaded, which just made
him hate her, he felt like slapping her stupid, ugly face, but he didn't,
because she'd tell her dad, and everyone knew Julies dad was very protective
over his only child.


One evening, a few weeks after her brother had shared her bed, Louise came home
from school to find the house deserted, Mr. and Mrs. Wilkinson had gone to a
party organised by a work colleague of Mr. Wilkinson's, it was to commemorate
the retirement of one of the senior partners at the legal firm where Mr. W
worked, and as the new vacancy had his name written all over it, the Wilkinson's
thought it prudent that they attend. Symons' school finished fifteen minutes
later than his sisters, so she had been told to stay with a neighbour until he
came to fetch her home, but she didn't like Mr. Jones, who lived on his own with
just his cats for company, one little bit, so she had used the key her dad kept
hidden under a stone by the back door, and let herself in to the quiet house.


She got herself a drink of orange juice, and then went upstairs to change out of
her school uniform. She removed her tie, then her blouse, frowning at her vest,
most of her friends had their first bras by now, but her parents had laughed
when she'd asked them if she could get one "What on earth for?" her dad had
said. Mrs. Wilkinson had tried to be a bit more diplomatic "don't you think it
would be best to wait until next term, darling?" she had said, "there isn't much
real need for a bra just yet, don't you agree?" Louise did agree, deep down, she
knew as well as anyone that she was not particularly well developed in that
department, but it was such a humiliation when she changed for Phys Ed. When
almost everyone else had bras, even girls with no boobs, still, she'd heard some
of them say how uncomfortable and itchy they were, and thought maybe it's not so
bad after all.


She slipped her skirt off, and was hanging it up in the closet when there was a
tap at her bedroom door "yes, who is it?" she said "its only me Lou" Symon
called. She opened the door to him, wishing she had put some clothes on when she
saw him run his eyes over her knickers and vest. "You're supposed to be at Mr.
Jones house," he said. "Oh, I know, but he's an old perv and I knew you'd be
back soon" she replied. Symon chuckled "yeah, you're right...come here little
girl and lets have a look at you" he impersonated Mr. Jones well. Louise giggled
as Symon lurched towards her, dragging his left foot like the neighbour was so
famous for doing, contorting his face comically, his arms stretched out in front
of him, his hands groping her waist and chest. Suddenly, his hand was in her
knickers and she could feel his erection pushing into her side. She stopped
laughing. Her brother pushed her gently down so that she sat on the edge of her
bed; he took her knickers in both hands and pulled them down and off. He tugged
her vest up over her head, and then undressed himself.


"You wanna feel good again Lou Lou?" he asked her, one hand on his stiff penis,
the other already searching out her clitoris. She leaned back onto her elbows,
and spread her legs for him, damn it felt good! His finger entered her; she was
very wet, her stomach contracted with the pleasure. She gasped as he eased
another of his fingers into her. He leaned in towards her, kneeling between her
open thighs "I would really like to put this..." he said, nodding toward his
penis "..In there" he indicated to her pussy. "Ok.." Louise replied, after a
short pause. She felt a little unsure, but when she looked at the hunger in her
big brothers face she knew she really wanted to let him since he obviously
wanted to so much. And if it felt anything like his fingers did then she'd be
mad not to agree!


Symon gripped his penis in one hand, and held her open with the other; the tip
of his erection eased its way in to her tight little pussy, his sister cried
out. It felt so big! She thought she might burst with the fullness she was
feeling, and he only had it in a little way. She looked up at him, he was bent
forward, watching his dick entering his virgin sisters cunt, he couldn't believe
his luck! It was taking every bit of his control not to come there and then! He
grabbed a hold of her waist and drew her towards him, driving him deeper into
her, he felt something inside her give, and his movement became easier as her
blood provided lubrication. He began to thrust, he tried hard to be as gentle as
he could, he didn't want to put her off the experience! Louise had stopped
crying, now she was whimpering softly, her pain had subsided, and was being
replaced by the mounting of an almighty orgasm. She began to moan, and her hips
started to thrust up to imitate her brothers' movements. Soon they where fucking
each other with mutual enthusiasm. Imagine the look on Mr. And Mrs. Wilkinson's
faces had they chosen to come home early!


Symon could hold back no more, he grunted and gasped as he pumped his baby
sisters belly full of cum. Louise came simultaneously, her yelps matching her
thrusts as she milked Symon for all she was worth. He relaxed, his weight
squashing Louise into the bed; they lay there for a while, sweaty, sticky and
panting like dogs in the summertime. Symon leapt up when he heard is parents'
voices in the hallway below. "Shit, shit" he mumbled, as he wrenched up his
jeans and tugged his t-shirt over his tousled hair. Louise grabbed her robe and
wrapped it round herself, her brother was already hot-footing it down the stairs
asking his mum what was for tea because he was "starving". She looked down at
her blood streaked eiderdown, no problem, she would tell her mum she had started
her periods, it was going to happen sooner or later anyway, she shouldn't have
to pretend for long. She pulled her robe around her and headed for the bathroom


That night, the Wilkinson household was a very jovial one, mum and dad were
happy because the leaving party had been a great success, with Mr. Wilkinson's
boss announcing to the company that Mr. Wilkinson would soon become the new
senior partner. Mrs. Wilkinson had flushed with pride, wife of a senior partner!
Her friends would be so jealous; she couldn't wait to tell them in the morning.
And what with Symon and Louise both doing so well at school, and hardly ever
falling out like they used to, life was going well! She curled up next to her
husband and fell into a deep and satisfying slumber.




Chapter 2, A Walk in the Woods


The Wilkinson family woke one Saturday to find it was a glorious, summers day.
The sun shone brightly through the window, and Mr. Wilkinson announced that the
family should go on a picnic. They were surprised to find their teenage son
readily agreed with this idea, going as far as to offer to go to the garage and
dig out the old rug the family had used for picnics gone by. Mrs Wilkinson set
about making sandwiches, with the assistance of Louise, her pretty young
daughter. Mr Wilkinson went with Symon to the garage, where they soon found
everything they needed. This included a length of strong garden twine, this was
Symons personal requirement, and one his father wasn't privy to.


They set off to the park, which was situated on the outskirts of the town where
the family lived. It was very pretty, with a large boating lake, and surrounded
on the far side by woodland. Mr. And Mrs W set about unpacking, and then decided
that they would go and watch the boats for an hour or so before eating.

"You want to come with us kids?" Mr. Wilkinson asked

"No Dad, I'm going to go into the woods, check out the log cabin that everyone
at school reckons has a witch living in it" replied Symon.

His dad laughed "Ok, son, you do that, bur you'd better take your sister with
you, for protection" he winked at the teenager, conscious that his fast growing
up daughter would be upset at the thought he still felt his little girl was too
young to be left on her own.

"Sure dad" said Symon, pleased that he hadn't had to think of some lame excuse
to get sis to accompany him.

Louise, sensing that witches were the last things on her big brothers mind,
needed little persuading. She headed towards the woods, closely followed by
Symon.

As soon as they were out of sight, Symon took his baby sisters hand in his.
Louise loved this; it made her feel so safe and special. She felt her belly
contract slightly at his touch, and a now familiar sensation start to spread
from her groin. She squeezed his hand and smiled at him. They walked for a while
in silence. Soon, they came to the cabin; it stood in a clearing in the centre
of the woods, and was used by the local shooting club as a lodge. Symon
manoeuvred himself behind Louise, and bent down to whisper in her ear, "what do
you reckon Lou-Lou, think there's a witch in there?" his voice was heavy with
longing, and Louise could distinctly feel her older brothers erection pressing
into the small of her back. She swallowed audibly, and tried to keep her voice
steady as she answered, not wishing to betray her lust, "well, we could go and
see?"


"Lets do that, little sis" Symon grabbed Louise's hand again, and pulled her,
quite roughly, toward the cabin.




He pushed the door open forcefully, he'd been to the cabin the day before, he'd
crowbarred the door open, and checked out the sparse facilities. No harm in a
little advanced preparation, to help move things along smoothly. He turned to
Louise, her eyes shone, her pupils large black holes, reflecting a mixture of
adoration and fear. Symon smiled, and pressed his mouth to his sisters' sweet
young lips, her hot tongue immediately edged into his mouth, causing his stiff
cock to lurch in his jeans.

"Oh Lou, get naked for me baby, I want to make you feel nice" her murmured into
his sisters neck, as he struggled to pull her shorts off with one hand while his
other searched out her young breast.

Louise couldn't help herself, she eased her shorts over her slim young hips, and
eased her t-shirt over her head, while her big brother kissed and licked and
sucked at her hard pink nipples. Symon stood up straight, and removed the twine
from his pocket.

"What are you going to do with that?" Louise squeaked, gaping at the twine with
a mixture of excitement and horror. The look on her brothers' face told her
whatever it was, it was going to please Symon very much.

"Why, my darling, little sis, I am going to tie you up, so that I may do exactly
as I please" Symon laughed, with a leer in his voice.


Louise gulped. She wanted to giggle, she was nervous, but also the idea that her
brother would be doing as he wished made her very happy. She stood and stared at
him solemnly. He walked to one of the struts in the cabin, and beckoned her
over. He took her gently by the arms, and took them either side of the post,
with her back against the wood. He tied her hands behind her. He stood back and
looked at his little sister, the way her arms where stretched around and behind
the post caused her young breasts to jut forward slightly. Symon put his foot
between hers, and gently kicked at her legs until they were parted wide. He
wanted her so much; he had never seen anything so tempting in his life! His
juicy, sexy baby sister tied to a post, quite obviously begging to be fucked.


Symon stroked Louise's breasts, and moved his hand to her silky pussy, it was
wet with wanting him. Her brother eased a finger into her, Louise gasped and
groaned, ready to cum almost straight away. Her arms twitched involuntarily,
pulling at the twine that bound her wrists. This intensified the experience. Her
big brothers thumb grazed her clitoris, his finger still sliding in and out of
her hot little pussy. Her breathing quickened, and she surrendered to the
explosive orgasm. Symon could take no more, he pulled his shorts off, spread his
sisters pussy lips, and pushed his cock deep into her, she squealed, still
coming, but now feeling as though she was being split in two at the same time.
Symon began to pump his sisters pussy in earnest, soon finding a momentum.
Louise felt the stirrings of another climax, the feel of her brothers' cock so
deep inside her causing her head to spin with emotion. He chewed at her lip, and
kneaded at her barely developed breasts, grunting and gasping as he fucked his
baby sisters tight little pussy.


Louise started to cum again, her body bucking, and her arms straining against
the twine, causing it to dig into her wrists sharply, she barely noticed the
pain. His sisters writhing body grinding against him was too much to bear for
Symon. He exploded inside her, shooting what felt like gallons of hot wet sperm
deep into her belly. They slumped against each other, brother and sister, their
bodies spent. They stayed like this for quite a while. Symon finally forced
himself to extract himself from his sisters gently throbbing cunt. He untied
her, and they both dressed hastily.


"I think we'll leave the twine here sweetheart, what do you say to that?" Symon
grinned suggestively at Louise. She blushed profusely, silently giving her
consent.


They made their way back to the park, to find their parents just returning from
the boating lake, Mr. Wilkinson waved gaily at his children as they all
approached the rug. "Hungry kids?" he called over to them.

"Starving" they shouted in unison, and both laughed.


Neither parent noticed their sons hot, sticky cum oozing down their daughters
leg from underneath her shorts.




Chapter 3, The Garden Shed



It was the tail end of the summer, the nights had started to draw in, and the
evenings were becoming ever cooler. Louise lay on a sun lounger, determined to
get every last ray of sunshine before it got too cold to be out. She lay on her
back, and stretched luxuriously, looking down at her flat, golden stomach, not
bad, she thought to herself. She had been a lot more body conscious since her
big brother had started taking such an interest in her. In fact, Symon was, at
that moment allowing his eyes to roam freely over the young girl; he had been
mowing the lawn for his parents, but became distracted as Louise had stretched
herself so sexily. He stared at the slender, brown legs, and taught midriff, up
to her barely formed breasts, covered, only just, by her little t-shirt. She was
a fairly skinny girl, but not painfully so. Her hair, kept short and spiky,
shone in the sun, and she wore a giant pair of shades that covered half her
face. He was drawn back to her hips, protruding sharply from the thin fabric of
her shorts, and the slight bulge of her pussy. Symons cock twitched longingly.

He approached his sister, creeping up the path to where she lay, when he got
close enough, he put his hand out, and gently ran it up her leg, Louise flinched
slightly, thinking something nasty had landed on her, then opened one eye, and
saw it was her brother. She grinned widely. Her body immediately responded to
his touch, her hips lifted slightly, and her arms fell open. Symon felt another
twitch, he moved his hand under the leg of his sisters' shorts, and his
excitement grew, as did his throbbing erection, when he felt naked flesh, where
knickers should have been. He stroked Louise's soft, warm pussy, tracing the
downy hair that had just begun to appear there. She let out a little gasp, and
felt herself grow wet. Her brothers' finger slid between the moist lips of her
cunt, found her clit, and gently began to rub. Louise grew really hot, and
started to buck against Symons hand, itching for him to put his fingers inside
her. Her brother knew how to please her, he pushed a finger in, firmly, and
began to work it in and out, as his sister groaned and squirmed underneath his
hand. He leant down and kissed her gasping, pouting mouth, her hot little tongue
responding with darting movements as she tried to return his kisses as she came.

Over dinner that evening neither brother or sister could concentrate, Louise was
preoccupied with nerves, knowing that her big brother would now be aroused, and
wondering how he would engineer a situation that would allow himself to get what
he so badly needed. Symon was thinking exactly the same. As luck would have it,
he needn't have fretted.

"Your mother and I are taking a stroll down to the pub" Mr. Wilkinson declared
whilst washing the dishes.

"Will you two be ok here alone?"

"Sure we will, dad," Symon replied. "Mr. Jones is in, I can see his light, if
anything did happen, I'd go get him"

"Ok, we'll see you in a couple of hours then" and with that, they left.

Symon turned to his little sister, "You ok Lou-Lou?" he asked, smiling.

"Fine thanks" she replied, trying to keep the tremor from her voice, as her
heart pounded in her chest.

Louise took the hand her brother held out to her, and he led her out the back
door, and into the garden.

They got to the shed; it was an old wooden hut, where their father kept his
garden tools. Symon opened the door, and pulled the light switch, the room
filled with a dim glow, and moths began to gather round the lamp. Symons hands
shook, he knew what he wanted to do, but he had never done it before, and he
could barely contain himself. By this time his cock was like steel, and was
twitching manically in his pants. He let go of his sisters' hand, and turned her
to face the low bench on her left. He bent her slightly, and she, understanding
what was required, allowed her hands to rest on the sawdust covered surface.
Symon reached behind her, and put his hands onto her breasts, which were just
visible as her t-shirt now hung away from her body. He cupped each in a hand,
and rubbed her small pink nipples until they grew and hardened.


"I hope you've been a good girl today Lou- Lou" he whispered into her ear, his
voice thick.

Louise was confused, had she upset her brother in some way, and not realised it?
"I think I have, Symon," she said carefully. She felt his erection push against
the small of her back.

"Because if you've been naughty......I would have to spank you"

Louise felt her heart race wildly, was he serious? That was for kids that
misbehaved! She felt her face redden, but was vaguely aware of a throbbing in
her groin, one that told her that maybe the experience would be slightly
different to what she imagined.

"Ummm...I've been quite good, I probably don't need to be spanked" she mumbled,
so ashamed that she felt horny at the thought of her older brother reprimanding
her in such a way.

"Quite good? Not good enough........and probably? Oh Lou-Lou, that won't do,
that just won't do at all"

Symon spanked her on the left buttock, hard, right in the centre, she yelped,
and instinctively straightened, bringing her hand round to the stinging cheek.

"Don't you dare straighten up, young lady" Symon shouted. She quickly got back
into position, her brothers commanding voice sending another wave of delicious
confusion through her body, between her legs was very wet.

He then proceeded to spank her rhythmically, one cheek, then the other, he did
around four on each, then, deciding this was insufficient, he took the waste
band of his sisters shorts in both hands, and yanked them down to her knees,
exposing her red bottom. He could see her pussy lips were glistening with
arousal, he stroked from her bottom, following the shiny valley between her
thighs. Louise moaned, her head dipped further, which thrust her bottom up,
irresistible. He spanked, this time all over, covering the backs of her legs,
and ending with a couple of smacks right on the middle of her bottom, his sister
had squealed with every strike. Symon thought he might cum.

By now Louise's bottom was very hot and sore, Symon seemed to have stopped, and
was breathing heavily behind her. She stood, rubbing furiously at her bum,
trying to ease the pain. Symon moved her hands away, and began to massage her
bum for her; she rested her hands back on the bench, resuming her position of
before. Soon, the pain was replaced by a tingling sensation, and Louise once
more became aware of her throbbing pussy. She heard the sound of her brother
unzipping his jeans, and felt his cock, hot and hard, nudging at her pussy. The
spanking had mad every nerve end in her body more receptive, as her big brothers
cock pushed its way inside of her, she came, violently and noisily.

Symon grabbed his sisters' slim waist, and lurched wildly, not able to take his
time, and further spurred on by the red bottom wriggling against his stomach. He
fucked her hard, and was soon pumping her tight little cunt full of hot cum. He
shouted out, and tightened his grip, as he gave his final thrust. He leant
against Louise's heaving back, catching his breath for a while. Worried that
their parents would be back any minute, they hurriedly pulled their clothes on,
and headed back to the house, Louise wincing as she sat down on the couch.

In their haste, neither Symon nor Louise had noticed Mr. Jones sitting in his
kitchen. From where he was sitting, he had a perfect view of the entrance to the
Wilkinson's garden shed, something which he had never thought particularly
useful, until tonight. He sat there, open mouthed, limp dick in hand, and cum on
his shoe.




Chapter 4, The Birthday Party



Mrs. Wilkinson looked on proudly as her pretty daughter Louise blew out the
candles on her birthday cake. "Make a wish, Louise" her friends cried. Louise
grinned self consciously, she'd already made her wish, and she was pretty sure
it would come true soon enough. Provided her brother, Symon came home some time
soon. It seemed ages ago since he'd last let her please him, and she was sure
she would burst if he didn't let her again soon. She looked around, at her
friends and family gathered in the Wilkinson's house, all there to help her
celebrate this very important birthday. She was a teenager at last! She felt
very grown up, especially as she felt the straps of her brand new first bra
digging into her shoulders, how long she had begged her mother to buy her one.
She felt sure Symon would approve, she recalled Symons last girlfriend, Julie,
and how mature she had seemed, and how besotted her brother had been with the
shapely blond girl at first. Strange, how he seemed to lose interest, Louise
mused, but the thought was quickly forgotten as a shriek of laughter brought her
sharply back to the present.

The shriek had come from Gina, Louise's best friend. The laughing was caused by
something she and the gaggle of girls she stood with, could see from the window.
Louise peered over to see what was causing their gaiety, and a giggle escaped
her when she saw that the family pet, a Doberman by the name of Spike, was
putting on his own floor show in the back garden, finding great fascination in
the lawn sprinkler system and hopping madly from side to side in a vain attempt
to either avoid, or catch, the water droplets as they showered around him. Mr.
Wilkinson came over, not wanting to miss out on any source of amusement, and
very relieved to find that Spike was indulging in a relatively innocent pleasure
for a change, and not trying to savage one of the neighbours elderly cats, or,
worse still, mount one of the poor creatures.

Everybody's attention was on the view outside when a car pulled into the
driveway, it was Symon getting dropped off by his friend, Chris, who drove a
rusty old convertible that was deemed "most cool" by the Wilkinson children, and
"a death trap" by their parents. Symon hopped out, conscious of his audience,
and swaggered up to the front door in a way he hoped was bother sober, yet
casual appearing. He entered the house and grabbed a Pepsi from the fridge on
his way in, more to cover the smell of beer on his breath than because he was
thirsty. "Where's the birthday girl?" he called. Louise emerged from the throng
of people, looking flushed. "I'm here, you got me a present big brother?" she
asked, trying to keep her voice steady.

"Of course I have little sis, you're gonna love it too" Louise unwrapped the
proffered package quickly, to reveal a personal CD player and a CD by her
favourite band of the moment. She hugged Symon "thank you, it's great" she
breathed. "now you know that's not all I have for you sweetheart" he whispered,
"but the other thing had better wait, cuz I'm thinking most of these people
would be pretty shocked if I gave it to you right now" Louise gasped, and
blushed, as Symon pulled away from her embrace. Brother and sister became aware
that everyone was looking on, and quickly regained composure. The party
continued without incident, and slowly people drifted away, leaving the
Wilkinson family alone in their house at last.

Mrs. Wilkinson busied herself with tidying up, and Mr. Wilkinson took the dog
for a walk. Symon and Louise were sitting watching TV, when Louise stood and,
calling out to her mother that she was going for a lie down in her room,
proceeded up stairs. Symon gazed appreciatively as his younger sister walked
away, she was turning into such a honey. Her hair was longer now, and curled
into her face and neck. Her body was slender, with hips just beginning to curve
below her tiny little waist, her legs were smooth and soft. Her short skirt
swung from side to side as she walked. Symon adjusted the fast stiffening cock
in his pants and followed her out of the room.

Louise was lying face down on her bed, reading a magazine. Symon approached her
from behind and slipped his hand up her skirt, letting it slide along the soft
flesh of her thigh. She turned to him, smiling, and he eased her over until she
lay flat on her back. He parted her legs, and lifted her little skirt, exposing
her white knickers, the mound of her pussy just stretching the thin fabric. He
began to unbutton her blouse, and was shocked at the bra underneath; his little
sister was really growing up! He reached behind her and unclasped it, throwing
it to the floor along with the blouse. The pink buds of her nipples jutted
straight up, her breasts still barely formed, red marks underlining them, where
the bra had pulled at her skin. The skirt followed soon after, and Symon traced
the cleft of his baby sisters' cunt with his finger. She squirmed with desire
and arched her back to meet his touch with her hungry little pussy. He pulled
the material to one side and spread the soft, pliable lips open with his hand,
gently rubbing her clit with his thumb. Louise bucked against him, as she oozed
sticky fluid between her legs.

With their parents nearby, Symon couldn't risk taking his own clothes off, too
much explaining would be required if he were to get caught. So instead he eased
his thick throbbing cock out through the fly of his jeans and began to rub it
rhythmically. Louise watched in wide eyed anticipation, lifting herself onto her
elbows to get a better look at her big brother. "Kneel down on the floor sis,
between my legs" Symon growled. She obliged, and was shocked when Symons hand
snaked behind her head, grabbing a handful of hair, and forced her mouth over
the end of his dick. "Ok baby, I want you to suck my cock now, just like you
would a lolly pop" Louise took a minute to adjust her self, and then began to
lavish attention on her big brother in earnest. First licking along the length
of his shaft, then putting the tip into her hot, wet little mouth. "Good girl,
that is real good, you just keep doing that, oh yeah" Symon groaned, as he
looked down at his horny little sister giving him the best blow job of his life.
Louise filled with pride at his compliments, she sucked harder and faster.

Before long Symon felt the familiar tingling that preceded his cum, and gripped
the back of Louise's head hard, pushing more of his jerking prick into her
mouth. She gagged, but soon regained control, she knew what must be coming, and
wanted to be ready for it. She could taste the saltiness that came first, and
then her mouth was filled right up with hot semen, she couldn't hold it all and
it dribbled down her chin and onto her lap below. Her brother gasped and spurted
the last of his cum into her. She swallowed the thick fluid, and took her mouth
away from the semi hard cock in her hands. Symon took a tissue from her bedside
and wiped her chin, smiling lazily down at her. "You did so good baby girl and I
want to eat that juicy little pussy right now, so you get yourself up on this
bed for me".

Louise didn't need telling twice, she lay back on the bed as she had been
before, and lifted her hips as her brother removed her knickers. He pushed her
legs apart and gazed at the glistening slit before him, only the finest of downy
hair beginning to appear around it. He held her apart with both hands, and went
down on her, sucking at her little clit and tonguing her tight little hole.
Pretty soon she was writhing so hard he could barely hold her still enough. Her
pussy juices smeared his chin; she tasted so sweet, like taking a bite of peach.
Louise came hard and fast, once again her brother had to put his hand over her
mouth to stop her moans from being heard downstairs.

"Louise darling, there's someone here to see you"  Mrs Wilkinson's voice rang
out, breaking the spell and causing the siblings to both sit bolt upright,
scrabbling for clothes and hastily wiping their mouths. "Coming now" Louise
called, and pulling her skirt and blouse on, made for the door. She wouldn't
have rushed if she'd known who her visitor was, it was horrible Mr. Jones from
next door, the old pervert who used to always seem to be mowing the lawn
whenever Louise was sunbathing in the garden. "Oh, hello Mr. Jones" Louise tried
sounding polite. "Hello dear, happy birthday, have you had anything nice?" the
old man leered. "Mr. Jones has come to ask for our help" Mrs Wilkinson smiled.
"So I've told him you will be happy to go around to his house after school on a
Wednesday and help him with some of the things he finds hard". How could she
refuse without looking mean? Mr Jones stood there looking far more helpless than
he really was and thought about the things he found hard these days, his penis
was one of them he thought wickedly, and this little girl could certainly help
with that he was sure.

"That's fine Mr Jones" Louise shouted at the silly old pervert, "I'll be right
over tomorrow evening". She could handle him, raking leaves and taking trash out
would be ok, maybe he would pay her, if not at least she would always have an
excuse for late homework.

Louise left the room, and Mrs. Wilkinson wondered if her daughters' bra fit
properly, as she seemed to have taken it off whilst upstairs.




Chapter 5, A New Task



Louise was running late, Mr. Jones expected her to be at his house by now, but
she had stayed late at school chatting to her friends. She ran down the road,
not bothering to call in at home and change out of her uniform like she usually
did. She arrived at her neighbours flushed and out of breath. She reached under
the plant pot expecting to find the key Mr. Jones always left for her, only to
find it wasn't there. She gave a start when the door opened, Mr. Jones stood
over her. "hello dear, sorry to startle you, the bridge club have cancelled our
game this evening, so I'm afraid you'll have to put up with me being here, I'll
try not to get under your feet" he chortled. "oh, that's ok" said Louise "I can
clean upstairs tonight, I've been meaning to do it" Louise had surprised herself
since helping her neighbour out, she'd really enjoyed making the house neat and
tidy, and ridding it of dirt and the smell of cats.


Mr. Jones opened the door wider and beckoned her in. "don't let me stop you,
I'll be right here if you need anything" he settled himself on the couch and
switched on the TV. Louise grabbed the cleaning things she kept under the sink
and made her way upstairs; unaware of the old mans eyes following her.


She was on her hands and knees, scrubbing intently at the floor of the bathroom
when Mr. Jones walked in, she turned to him, and was surprised at how straight
he held himself, and how he seemed so steady. He normally stooped, limped, and
shook continually, but all of a sudden he wasn't quite as frail. Before she had
time to think, he had her in his grasp, holding the back of her neck and pushing
her face to the floor with one strong hand. With the other he lifted her little
skirt over her raised bottom, revealing her white school knickers. He yanked
them down her thighs whilst her arms flailed behind her as she tried to stop
him. It was useless; he was many times stronger than her.


Now his fingers were probing between her legs, pulling roughly at the moist lips
of her pussy, and pushing at her bottom. Tears sprang into Louise's eyes, she
was so embarrassed at what was happening to her. The old man grunted, this was
sure one hot little girl, until now he hadn't known whether he would be kind to
Louise, or cruel. One look at her red tear stained face helped him make up his
mind, those tears and humiliation were just too good to miss. He pulled her up
by the hair, her knickers still around her knees. "Bath time for you young lady"
grinned wickedly. He half lifted, half pulled her toward the tub. "Get
undressed" he barked. "No!" she shouted "let me go, I want to go home" Mr. Jones
wasn't in the mood for small talk. He slapped her hard on the back of her legs,
the proceeded to rip her school blouse off.


 A few more slaps and a lot more tears later, she stood naked in front of him.
His rough hands pinched her nipples, and squeezed her tiny breasts, which were
now blotchy and red, rather like her face. He pushed his fingers into her pussy,
which was dry with fear. He pushed her into the bath and she laid there
shivering. To her horror, he turned the shower on full, and blasted her with ice
cold water. Louise screamed with shock. Mr. Jones laughed and aimed the shower
head at her belly, causing her to twitch and wiggle, trying to avoid the icy
blast. After what seemed like hours, he turned of the tap, and Louise shuddered
as her warmth slowly began to creep back into her body.


Mr Jones yanked her upright by the wrist, and dragged Louise out onto the
bathroom floor, her legs wobbled as she tried desperately not to lose her
footing on the wet surface. She felt so weak after her ordeal; it took no effort
for him to lead her into the bedroom next door.


She was pushed face down onto the edge of the single bed, and her ankles
promptly tied to the bed legs. He then cuffed her wrists together above her
head. Louise could hardly breathe, let alone move or protest. Her scream gurgled
in the back of her throat as Mr Jones inserted, with some force, an
un-lubricated dildo into her backside. The pain ripped through her whole body.
She couldn't believe it when she heard the click of the camera shutter. "that
will make a nice one for the album" Mr. Jones chuckled, as he surveyed the
little girl spread on his bed with a dildo sticking crudely out of her ass.


 "Now, much as I would love to play with you all night, your parents will be
expecting you home in the next half hour, so I guess I had better let you go
once you've completed your new task" Louise nodded her head frantically. He
untied her, but as she stood, he pushed her back down onto the bed. "Not so fast
there honey" I said "when you have completed your task". Louise eyed him
miserably, she didn't care any more, he wasn't going to get away with this, and
she'd have him locked up before the night was out.


He unzipped his trousers and pulled out his rock hard cock, it was gigantic and
covered in thick blue veins. It bobbed in front of Louise's eyes and before she
knew what was happening he had grabbed her head and was forcing himself into her
mouth. She felt the sides of her mouth tear as he forced his cock further down
her throat, and proceed to fuck it. her eyes watered as she gagged and fought
for breath as the old man pumped in and out, holding her head firmly between his
hands. "That's it dear, I bet you love this don't you, you dirty little girl" he
gasped gleefully. Before long his thrusts became erratic, and he pushed deeper
into her throat as he juddered to orgasm. Hot cum shot into her mouth and leaked
out onto her face, he pulled out just in time to shoot one last stream into her
face.


"Off you go then dear, see you next week" he said. "Oh, and don't even think of
telling anyone about this, one word and the whole neighbourhood will be talking
about that brother of yours. I know all about you two, he'll do quite a sentence
if he gets charged with rape of his baby sister, and you wouldn't want that now,
would you?"


Louise was devastated, she couldn't tell anyone, and the horrid pervert had a
photo of her. She washed her face and dressed herself, her blouse was torn and
her thighs were blood streaked. She couldn't wait to get home and scrub herself
clean. Just as she was leaving, the old mans voice called out "don't forget to
take the trash out, will you?"

The bastard, she thought.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nikki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





