BDSM Library - Terror Hits Home




Terror Hits Home
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Actor Joel Davies and his daughter get more than they bargained for when they befriend an Irish terrorist.
Terror Hits Home

"She's a certainly a bit of a hottie there, Joel!"  Billy raises his glass,
eying Joel's daughter appreciatively.

"Hey, now, " Joel growls, "That's my little girl you're talking about, we'll
have none of that!"

Billy nods, his eyes never leaving Emily's form.  14 years old, face of an
angel, blond hair curling softly around her shoulders.  But the rest of her was
hardly angelic-sweet curves, long legs, and breasts so perfect they put most
women to shame.   Joel didn't see it, Billy knew-all he saw was his little girl. 

Billy turns his gaze back to Joel-Joel, the stupid, stupid man who truly
believed that Billy was his friend.  Joel, who thought that hanging around with
the seedier Irish crowd would somehow make him more desirable, more manly. 
"Researching a role."  Billy chuckles softly-men like Joel Davies were common
enough.  Hangers on, IRA groupies.  It's a sick world where terrorists attract
as many leeches as rock stars.   And were Joel anyone but who he was, his
grabbing on wouldn't be particularly noteworthy.  But Joel Davies was hottest
thing to hit the British screens since Olivier. 

He was worth money.  Something the cause always needed more of.

Billy looks up, sees Joel smiling at him uncertainly.

"What's so funny, mate?"

"Oh, just thinking 'bout a joke Colin told me," Billy smiles brilliantly, "two
blondes are standin' at the Pearly Gates-stop me if you've heard this one . . ."


"Another draught, darlin'." Billy nods distractedly at the barmaid., his eyes
fixed on the door.  He doesn't have to look at his watch to know they're late. 
He takes a deep breath, reminds himself to hold his temper.  While Patrick and
Jimmy may need an ass-kicking, this is neither the time nor the place to
administer it. 

"Billy Boy!"  The door opens, and Patrick and Jimmy stride in, bellowing.

"Pipe down, you git!" Billy snarls, held temper rebelling, "you just going to
announce my damned presence to the world?"

"Sorry, lad," the boys sit opposite Billy, suddenly and markedly subdued, "just
happy to see you."

"Yeah, stow it-you got the place?"

"Well . . ."

"Well what?   Good Christ, can't you do anything without me holding your fucking
hand?" 

"Calm down, Billy Boy," Patrick scoots forward, eyes narrow, "We got the fucking
place, we'd just like to know what we're doing, aye?"

"I told you, are you dim?  Joel Davies is having a bit of a party-he's invited a
few friends, a small affair," Billy sneers hungrily, "but, oh, what friends they
are." 

"Who?" Jimmy leans back, lights a smoke, "Who's going to be there?"

"Better I not say-let's just say one of them makes Joel Davies look like small
pickin's."

"And just how are we to get in?  He lives in a fucking castle, Billy, we can
hardly stroll right in."

"Ah, but we can-you see, I'm on the guest list."

Reaching into his jacket, Billy pulls out a series of sketches, detailing Joel
Davies' estate, inside and out.  The meeting drags long into the night, with
every detail discussed and committed to memory.


"How do I look, Daddy?"  Emily twirls on her toes, her pale blue satin gown
belling around her prettily.

"Ah, like a dream, love," Joel beams, taking her hand in his, "you'll be the
belle of the ball."

They enter the dining hall together, in awe of the opulent set-up.  Caterers,
servers, scurrying about, adding the final, perfecting touches. 

"Is he really going to be here, Daddy?"  Emily looks up into Joel's handsome
face, blue eyes wide with wonder and excitement.

"Absolutely, love-for you, anything!"  Joel bends, kisses her forehead, "He's
going to adore you.  I'm afraid he'll sweep you away from me."


Billy pulls slowly up before the house, breathing deeply.  "Keep it together,
laddie," he mutters to himself as he climbs from the car, "keep it cool." 

Smiling brightly, he hands his keys to the valet and gives him a wink before
ascending the stairs.  Brushing his jacket nervously, he nods to the houseman
and enters. 

"Billy!"  Joel laughs, strides to greet him.  "Ah, so good to see you, so glad
you could come!"

"I wouldn't miss this for the world, my friend," Billy grins, suddenly giddy,
"no, not for the world.-oh, my!" 

Following Billy's gaze, Joel smiles as he sees Emily approach.

"Doesn't she look lovely?"

"Lovely is hardly the word," Billy takes Emily's hand, kisses it, "Lass, you put
the girls at home to shame, I do swear!"

Emily blushes furiously as both Billy and Joel offer their arms.  They walk into
the great hall together to await the arrival of the other guests.


"Will you excuse me for just a moment?"  Billy stands, pushing back from the
table, "Hard as it is to tear myself away from such fascinating-" a glace at
Emily "-and lovely company, I really must make a call."

Walking into the foyer, Billy flips open his cell phone and pushes one button. 
He listens.  One ring.  Then two.  He closes the phone and walks to the garden
door, opening it silently before returning to the dining hall.

"Ahh, much better," Billy smiles as he pulls his chair back, glances at his
watch, "just had to check on the children-I'm a mother hen at heart."

The responding laughter is cut short by shouting, then shots.  The dining hall
doors are thrown open to reveal two men in black ski masks, wielding guns.  All
attempts to disarm them or escape stop when Billy grabs Emily by the hair,
dragging her to him even as he pulls a gun from his jacket, presses it to her
head.

"So sorry, folks-I fear the party has been moved . . . ALL OF YOU, GET UP NOW!" 
Billy drags Emily backwards, pressing against her, his hand grasping a breast as
he waves the gun, "MOVE, MOVE, NOW, OUT THE BACK, GO!" 

Joel rises slowly, moving toward Billy and Emily.

"You shit, you bloody bastard, let her go!"

"One more step and we'll both be wearing bits of her brain, my friend-now move."

Pushing Emily ahead of him, hand still entwined in her hair, Billy herds Joel
and his guests into the back, where the catering truck awaits.  Amid shouts and
shoves, all but Emily are forced into the back, on their knees, arms bound
securely behind them. 

"Jesus, Billy," Joel glares, anger and fear combined, "Why?  If it's money, I'd
have given you the money-hell, I'll give it to you now!"

"You haven't got the money I'm asking for-but together, your lot is worth a
fortune."

"Just leave Emily, for God's sake, leave her here, Billy, I'm begging you!"

"Someone shut him up, will you?"  Arm around her throat, Billy drags Emily to
the front of the house, where his car is waiting, thanks to the helpful valet. 
Opening the boot, he forces her in, ignoring her pleas as he wrenches her arms
behind her back, binding them roughly with wire.

"And off we go, lads," Billy is smiling as he pulls away from the house,
"tally-ho and all that bullshit."


Emily whimpers, squirms in the tight space of the boot.  Her arms ache, the cold
bites cruelly.  She tries screaming, but can barely hear her own voice over the
roar of the engine and the drone of the tires on the road.  She cries,
devastated by Billy's betrayal, terrified for her father's safety.  Her attempts
at freeing her hands are fruitless-her wrists become raw quickly, and she sobs
in pained frustration.

Joel moans, struggling to shift his weight to stop the shooting pains in his
knees.  His moans are muffled by the dirty oil rag jammed in his mouth. 

"So, Captain," Patrick's eyes are bright with excitement behind the black mask,
"Is that really him?"  He jerks his head toward the guest of honor, "Is it?"

Joel closes his eyes, turns his head away as Jimmy yanks Patrick back into the
front. 

"Shut up, you fool-the less they hear or see of us, the better!"

"But I just want to know if it's---"

"It IS, stupid.  All right?  It's him, now shut your yap!"

"Sorry."

Joel opens his eyes, looks at the others.  How silly they all look in their
finery now.  He blinks back tears as he thinks of Emily, of how Billy's eyes
have lingered on her body overlong in the past.  How his hand clenched her
breast as he shoved her from the house.  And now he has her.  Joel prays he
won't hurt her.

Billy pulls onto the dirt track just moments after the catering truck, curses
the timing.  One vehicle on a dark country rode is perhaps noteworthy.  Two are
downright suspicious.  But it's too late now, and he sees no other traffic
about.

Climbing out of the car, he smiles as he surveys the old chantry.  It was
perfect, he had to give them credit.  And owned by the Church of England-wasn't
that a nice touch? 

"Get them inside, stop milling about!"  Billy unlocks the boot, drags Emily's
trembling form out, hauling her towards the long abandoned stone structure. 
Joel gives a muffled shout as he sees her, tries to break free.  A sharp blow to
the head and his struggles stop.  Swaying, stumbling, he is propelled through
the door with the others. 

Once inside, Joel and the other hostages are pressed roughly to the floor, their
legs bound.  Billy looks about in satisfaction-this was certainly his crowning
achievement.  Made the bomb at Ballymena look like child's play.  Turning to
Emily, he smiles.

"Up for some fun and games, lass?"

Emily's eyes widen with comprehension, she shakes her head violently, stumbling
backwards across the floor.  Joel's muted shouts fill the air as Billy darts
forward, slamming Emily against the cold stone wall and down to the floor as he
grasps the front of her dress.  With a sharp tug, the satin gives, revealing her
sweet, full breasts.  With a laugh, he lowers his head, sucking, biting as she
squeals, struggles.

"Sweet as dew, you are," Billy murmurs, one hand mauling her breasts as the
other slips under her skirt, pushing against her clenched thighs.

"Give it up, lass, you know you want it.  You can't win this one."

Bringing his knee forward, he forces her thighs apart, his hand roughly
stroking, fingers probing, then pushing cruelly into her dry pussy.  Her cries
excite him, Joel's helpless rage stokes him further.

"I think your Da is jealous, love-why don't we give him a taste?  I'm not a
greedy man."  Turning to the others, he motions for them to bring Joel over. 
Reaching over, he yanks the soiled rag from Joel's mouth.

"Come on then, Joel-let's see you give your little girl a thrill, eh?  Go on,
down you go, give her a good head."

"You sick bloody bastard!"  Joel's voice is thick, slurred.

"Hmmm.  Seems you need a little incentive."  Billy cocks his head, considering. 
"Ah, I know-eat her pussy or I'll cut her pretty head off!"  Reaching into his
pocket, he pulls out a hunting knife, places it under Emily's chin.  "How's
that?  Inspired, are you?"

"Oh, Christ, please, Billy,"  Joel begins to cry, his grey eyes wide, pleading,
"I beg you, please, do whatever you want to me, but don't hurt my little girl,
don't make me hurt my Emily!"

"Joel, Joel!"  Billy laughs, giving the knife a jerk, drawing blood as Emily
moans in terror, "Would I ask you hurt your little girl?  No, lad, I'm telling
you to give her a bit of pleasure, get her ready for the party!"  Eyes
narrowing, Billy's smile disappears.  "Do it now, Joel, before it's too late."

Groaning, horrified, Joel nods, his eyes huge, tear filled.  "I'm sorry, love. 
I'm so sorry." 

"Isn't that sweet?"  Billy slams Joel onto his belly, pushes Emily's skirt out
of the way.  "You should tell your little girl to wear knickers, Joel-someone
will think she's a slut."

Sobbing, Joel presses his face to Emily's downy blonde pussy.  Tentatively, he
traces his tongue along the lips, then pushes, his tongue gently forcing her
lips apart, opening her to him.  Emily whines, her eyes squeezed shut as Joel's
tongue works up and down, wetting her.  He draws the soft, rosy flaps into his
mouth, gently presses them with his teeth.  Her hips jerk as he pushes his
tongue into her tight hole, moving in and out. 

Billy laughs raucously, "THIS, lads, is what being a family is all about!"

Moving up, Joel focuses his attention on Emily's clit.  Nibbling, working with
his lips, and finally pressing hard with his tongue, working it up and down, in
circles, as her hips begin to move rhythmically.  Emily sobs in humiliation and
frustration, her lips moving in a silent plea-please stop, please stop, please.

"Holy shit,"  Jimmy steps forward, enrapt, "what a slut!  She's gonna cum, isn't
she?"

"I believe so, Jimmy boy," Billy smiles, reaches down to twist and pinch Emily's
breasts, his other hand pressing Joel's face deep, "I believe so-who would have
thought that Joel Daveis' little girl was such a trollop?"

Whimpering, Emily's breathing becomes increasingly deep, halting.  Her thighs
tense, tremble as her orgasm hits.  Back arching, she screams in confusion,
horror, pleasure as the waves begin, her hips bucking frantically against Joel's
face. 

"And that's enough of that, I think."  Billy grabs Joel by the hair, drags him
back.  Looking down at Joel's bulging crotch, he laughs, "Looks like you both
had a fair time of it, I'd say." 

Shoving Joel on his back, Billy, grabs Emily, hauls her to her father's side.

"Time to return the favor, don't you think, Lass?"

One knee on his chest, Billy unzips Joel's pants, pulls out his swollen cock. 
"Oh, your Da certainly does love you!"  Forcing Emily's jaws wide, Billy shoves
her head down, grinding Joel's cock into her face as she sobs. 

"No!  Oh, sweet Christ, NO, please!"  Joel is pinned, helpless, his bound legs
pushing at the rough hewn stone floor in vain, his face still glistening with
Emily's juices.  Emily gags, choking as Billy pushes relentlessly on the back of
her head.  Harder, harder he pushes, until the entire length is buried in her
throat, her face pressed against her father's belly. 

"What a good lass-so many girls won't take it all like that."   Billy smiles
sweetly, bats his eyelashes dramatically even as he wraps his hands in her hair
and begins jerking her head up and down.  Emily's struggles increase as she
fights for air, too panicked to try to pace herself, draw air on the upstroke.

"She can't breathe!"  Joel's shouts are desperate, frantic, "Please, please she
can't breathe!  Emily?  Emily girl, just breathe, baby, don't think about
anything else, just breathe!"  Emily continues to choke, her throat working
furiously around his cock, squeezing, milking it until Joel can hold out no
longer.  With a strangled cry, he cums hard, his tool twitching and jerking as
it spits forth his load.  Emily sputters, gags, then begins swallowing
reflexively, the thick, sour cum filling her mouth, throat, hot as it travels to
her belly.  Billy holds her head down, keeping her there until Joel's cock is at
last flaccid. 

"See, now?"  Billy laughs as he releases her, watches her double over, gasping,
sobbing, "It's all about give and take."

Rising, Billy unzips his fly, pulls out his impossible hard cock.  "And I'm
gonna take mine, now."

Emily squeals, squirms frantically as Billy descends upon her, shoving her on
her back, arms trapped behind her as his knees roughly force her legs apart. 
Hand on her throat, pinning her, he guides his cock to her wet, tight hole, and
begins pushing.  Her squeals become sharp, barking cries as he tears into her,
laughs as he feels her hymen give way under the onslaught.  Emily writhes
helplessly under him, her hips jerking, legs flailing wildly around his hips,
kicking violently, but meeting only air.

"That's right, lass, move, move-I love a girl who knows how to give as good as
she gets!"

Joel squirms, helpless as Billy rapes his daughter just feet away.  His shouts
of rage become sobs as he watches, sees Emily's hips ground into the rock floor,
Billy's hands mauling her breasts, forcing her face to his in an obscene kiss. 

"Ah, time for the home stretch!"  Billy rises to his knees, grabs Emily's hips
and begins slamming into her, her legs bobbing over his shoulders as he rams her
raw pussy with all his  might.  Emily's belly cramps, her eyes are glassy,
stunned as each ripping blow forces the air from her in breathless grunts.  Her
breasts jounce hard, bouncing with every thrust.  She whines, horrifed, as Billy
digs his fingers into her soft hips and begins thrusting wildly, his balls
tight, his cock twitching in her.

"N-n-n-no, no not in me, please no!"  Emily's cries are weak, stammering.  Billy
lets go a shout and throws his load into her.  Emily twists desperately under
him, trying to get him out before he can fill her, but it's too late.  She
collapses, sobbing as his hot jizz floods her pussy, trickles across her asshole
as he continues thrusting, fucking his cum deep into her. 

Collapsing on her, his weight crushing her beneath him, Billy strokes her hair,
licks the tears from her face as she groans.  "Joel, you raised a fine girl
here-I'll tell anyone who asks the same."  Rising, Billy tucks his cock back
into his pants, turns to the others.  "Well?  Don't keep the lass waiting!"

Billy walks to Joel, sitting on his chest as if it were an easy chair, wriggling
about to make himself comfortable as his comrades dive eagerly on Emily.  Joel
bellows, thrashing angrily under him as Emily begins to scream. 

"Enjoying the show, folks?"  Billy swivels, smiles at the other hostages, "too
bad she's the only girl here-it's going to be a busy, busy night for her.  After
all, I would be a poor host if I didn't insist that you all partake in my
feast." 

Turning back, Billy watches in fascination as Jimmy and Patrick, masks still in
place, set to work using Emily.  Flipping her on her belly, Jimmy jerks her to
her knees, his hands firm on her hips as he presses his rigid cock against her
small, tight asshole.  Pushing his hardest, he swears, unable to gain entry. 
Spitting into his hand, he wets his cock, then tries again, groaning with
pleasure as he clears the ring.  Emily's agonized screams are cut short as
Patrick shoves his turgid dick past her already swollen lips, jamming himself
into her throat as she gags. 

"That's the way, boys," Billy murmurs, hand on his crotch, seemingly oblivious
to Joel's wild struggles and wordless shouts beneath him, "two for one, double
the pleasure, double the fun."

Jimmy takes his pleasure from making the rape of Emily's ass as damaging and
painful as possible for her.  Slamming into her mercilessly, he laughs harshly
as her tender flesh tears before his attack.  Her legs strain, knees scrape
painfully on the floor as she struggles to somehow crawl away.  Patrick growls
in pleasure, each thrust from Jimmy pushing Emily's throat around his dick, ever
deeper.  Her short, choked-off breaths are punctuated by strangled, animal-like
cries of pain. 

"Mmm, you know, Joel?"  Billy looks down at Joel's stricken face, "Emily may be
the image of her dear, sainted mother, but I think she got her father's mouth." 
Unzipping his pants, Billy withdraws his already stiffening cock again,
positioning himself before Joel's face'   Using his hands to steady his head's
wild whipping about, He grinds his thumbs into Joel's jaw to force his mouth
wide.  Joel cries out wordlessly, his eyes tear filled, pleading as Billy forces
his cock past Joel's lips, ramming against the back of his throat.  Joel gags
uncontrollably, thick, teary moans escaping his nose as Billy rapes his mouth. 

Patrick stops thrusting, letting his cock block Emily's airway as she writhes
violently, hung up on Jimmy's cock in her ass, helpless to escape. 

"Hey, lad, do me a favor?"

Jimmy looks up, his eyes glazed, "What?"

"Pull her up so she's on her knees-I want to fuck her pussy while you're in her
ass." Patrick laughs, pulling out of Emily's mouth, "I hear it's fucking
brilliant."

Jimmy grabs Emily's hair, hauls her back to her knees, groaning as his cock
sinks even deeper into her torn asshole.  Scooting in close, Patrick guides his
dick, slicked with her spit, into Emily's bruised pussy, amazed by the sensation
as Jimmy resumes his vicious thrusting.  Thrilled, Patrick begins slamming, his
excitement at her screams uncontainable.  He begins moaning loudly, matching his
thrusts to Jimmy's, lifting her off the floor with each ripping, ramming stroke. 
The delicate membrane separating pussy from ass strains, then tears utterly as
Emily's screams turn to sharp gasps and hoarse, pain-filled groans. 

Billy fucks Joel's mouth hatefully, ramming so hard he bloodies Joel's nose, his
eyes never leaving the workout his mates are giving Emily.  "Ahhh, here she
comes-hope you've got an empty spot in that belly of yours, friend."  Billy
sighs as his balls pull up tight, his cock begins jerking in Joel's throat.  His
cum spurts thick, bubbles out Joel's bloodied nose as Joel gags, gasps,
struggles not to drown.  "Just swallow it, stupid." Billy growls, hips jerking
as he pulls Joel's face down to his belly. 

Jimmy's thrusts have become frenzied, he reaches around to claw at Emily's
breasts.  Slamming her up off the floor, he shouts, filling her shredded ass
with his jizz.  Groaning loudly, Patrick joins him, fucking frantically as his
cock explodes inside her, flooding her already cum and blood soaked pussy. 
Emily slides bonelessly to the floor as they withdraw, her thighs slick with
cum, blood and cum trickling from her ass.  Emily curls on her side, gasping,
whimpering.

The three rise, zipping their pants as Billy motions them toward the door. 
Closing it behind them, Billy pulls his cell phone from his belt.  Leaning
against the wall, he dials, then listens, never speaking.  The others watch
attentively, eagerly.

Joel wriggles across the floor, face scraping painfully as he slowly works his
way to Emily.  Sobbing, he curls himself beside her, his face against hers as he
cries her name.  Emily whines weakly, leaning into him as she cries.




Terror Hits Home Part II

Billy and the boys stride back into the chantry, their steps light, expressions
cheery. 

"Aww, isn't that the sweetest thing you ever did see?"  Billy nods towards Joel
and Emily curled on the floor, smiles.  "Good news, folks-it looks as though
your respective families are going to come through for you!"  Lighting a smoke,
his voice lowers, "And you don't know what good news that really is-if we don't
get our money, they don't get their loved ones back alive."

Clapping his hands, Billy moves to the center of the room.  "Okay!  Time for the
fun to continue!"  Nodding to Jimmy, he moves to the end of the line, prodding a
guest-THE guest--with his toe.  "So, what do say, Mr. Big?  You are, after all,
the star of the party-you ready to have a go with the girl?"  Frowning at the
shake of his head, Billy turns, grabs Emily, forcing her to her knees before her
idol.  "Just call me the answerer of wishes, the maker of dreams, girlie." 
Unzipping, Billy pulls the man's cock out, shoves Emily's face down, smiling
beneficently as the man groans reflexively. 

"Isn't she sweet?"  Billy whispers into the man's ear, "Isn't she just the
greatest little cocksucker you've ever had?"  Turning, Billy considers Joel's
sobbing form.  "Oh, my-I think perhaps Joel would like to help his little girl. 
And I know just the way he can do it!"  Dragging Joel to the other end of the
line, he unzips the hostage's fly, presses Joel's head down.  "No, don't fight,
Joel-the more you suck, the less jizz your little girl has in her belly." 
Groaning in horror, Joel opens wide, taking his guest's prick in his mouth. 

"And the word for today, gentle people, is COOPERATION."  Billy kicks back,
dragging deep from his cigarette as father and daughter suck cock in unison,
their heads bobbing, gagging as their throats constrict.  "Whoa, whoa, hang on
there," Billy leaps up, pulls Emily back before the cock in front of her can
spray.  "How could I be so thoughtless?  This is the man you squirm against your
pillow at night thinking of!  When you touch your pussy, taste your fingers, you
imagine him!"  Emily's head hangs in horrified shame, weak sobs shaking her. 
"Why, I've got to give the girl what she wants!"

Pulling his gun from his pocket, Billy unties the guest of honor.  "Fuck her,
bigshot.  Try anything, and I'll blow you both away.  MOVE!"

Lowering her gently, her crush, the man whose pictures adorn her bedroom walls,
pushes himself into her, unable to keep from hurting her.  Emily cries
uncontrollably as he begins moving inside her, his cock grinding across the raw,
pushing over the torn, causing her to bleed more as she trembles under him. 
Billy hums happily as Emily's fantasy man thrusts and heaves over her, looking
away only once at the sound of Joel gagging, sputtering as his mouth is filled
with cum.  "Move him on to the next one." Billy waves absently, his attention
already drawn back to Emily and her dream.  "Not inside her, loverboy," Billy
admonishes sharply, "the paternity suit would ruin you.  On her face."  Emily
turns her head to the side as the cum, thick and ropy, splatters her cheeks, her
eye, hangs down in strings as she whimpers. 

Joel whines, his jaws aching as he is forced down on his next guest.  His lips
are numb, bruised, his face wet with cum.  He bobs his head mindlessly, sucking,
licking, breathing deep on the upstroke. His eyes are swollen, slitted, barely
open as he works it.  His ministrations stop at the sound of a car approaching. 

"Tie him up."  Billy points to the spent man kneeling before Emily's face. 
Jimmy rebinds him as Billy walks out the door, closing it softly behind him. 

"No one told you to stop, Mr. Davies."  Patrick strides over, begins yanking
Joel's head up and down.  Jimmy steps to the door, but Patrick waves him off
with a sharp shake of his head.

"Bad idea, Jimmy-if we were meant to be out there, he'd have told us so."

Jimmy stops near the door, his brow furrowed at Billy's indistinct shouting from
outside. 

"Something's wrong."

Patrick lets go of Joel's head, hunkers down on his haunches, "If something's
wrong, Billy will handle it."

"He said things were going well!"

"And no doubt they are-come on, lad, don't look for trouble.  Come have a smoke
with  me."

Jimmy retreats from the door, unconvinced.  Billy's shouting peaks, the words
almost discernable, then begins to fade.  Patrick and Jimmy smoke in silence, 
Joel's slurping and Emily's crying the only sounds in the room.

Billy steps back into the room as yet another load fills Joel's mouth.  Smiling
grimly at the groaning, the sputtering, he walks to hostages. 

"Bad news, Mr. International Super Star," he grabs Emily's idol, still kneeling,
rebound, near her head, and drags him to his feet.   "Your agent doesn't like
you very much, she called the cops."  Shoving hard, he propels him out the door,
slams it behind them.  The flat crack of the shot brings everyone's eyes to the
door.  Emily's sobs become breathless screams.  Jimmy strides to her, draws back
his foot, kicks her in the belly.

"Shut up, SHUT UP!"

Billy reenters, gun still in hand.  "Well, now-that certainly wasn't how I
wanted to spend my night."  His eyes move over the hostages, angry, "Let's hope
nobody else's family or friends decide to fuck with us rather than do as they're
told."

"Sweet Mary, Billy," Jimmy's eyes are wide, hands shaking as he scrapes his
spent smoke down the stone wall, "you didn't really kill him, did you?"

"Careful, Jimmy boy," Billy's eyes are narrow, cold, "don't go making the
mistake of thinking you're the brain here."  Noting Jimmy's suddenly sullen
expression, Billy turns to Emily.  "Now why isn't she over there helping out her
dear Da?"  Hauling Emily by the hair, he pulls her to the next guest in line,
yanking the man's half-hard prick from his pants and planting it in her face. 
Turning, he bends behind Joel, "Come on, laddie, on we go, almost finished." 
Joel crawls on his knees to the next guest, whining as yet another cock is
pushed into his mouth. 

"You see, lads, it's all about knowing your place and doing as your told." 
Billy kneels behind Joel, his hand snaking around to reach into Joel's still
unzipped pants, working the trousers down around Joel's knees, "Jimmy, you could
learn a lot from my friend Joel here."

Unzipping his fly, Billy spits into his hand, wets his swollen tool and begins
pressing  the head against Joel's clenching asshole.  Joel's sucking stops, he
tries to pull away, but Billy's hand is firm on his neck, shoving him back down.

"No, now come on, do your job," Billy presses harder, his cock slowly forcing
the tight, unused hole open, sliding in as Joel screams through his nose,
"that's right, you do your job, and I'll do mine."  Billy loops his arm around
Joel's hips, his other hand holding him by the neck, keeping his head down,
mouth filled.  Joel's muffled cries are agonized, choked, his hips jerking
reflexively as Billy begins riding him in earnest.  Billy slams into him
mindlessly, his eyes half-lidded as he rapes Joel's ass, more letting off steam
than taking pleasure.   He smiles distractedly as he hears Emily gagging,
retching as her mouth is filled with cum. 

"That little girl of yours is magic, Joel," Billy murmurs, increasing the force
of his thrusts, enjoying the guttural grunts and cries his motion causes, "I
think maybe I'll take her with me when this is all over, use her all up until
she hasn't even one more ounce to give-what do you think?"  Joel's cries are
replaced with retching, gagging noises as another load of cum spurts into his
mouth.  Billy moans, throws his head back as he plunders Joel's ass, thrusts
cruel, ripping.  Joel whines, grunts, sobbing as he's shaken by the force of the
blows.   Billy glances over, sees Emily moved to the final guest,  lovely face
filled once more.  He sighs deeply, pace becoming uneven as his cock begins to
jump in Joel's bleeding ass.  "You've never had  a load in your ass, have you
Joel?"  Billy gasps as his orgasm hits, muttering,  "Don't say I never gave you
nothing."  Grasping Joel's hips with both hands, he grinds his tool deep in his
ass, flooding it with his cum, waves of it, thick and hot.  Joel sobs, stunned,
horrified, his belly hurting, ass ringing with the pain of being stretched,
torn. 

Rising slowly, Billy stretches, pulls his pants up.  Joel curls on his side,
crying helplessly, pants still around his knees, blood and cum running in a
small stream from his battered asshole.

Billy's phone rings.  He mutters, leaves the building once again.  Jimmy, still
stinging from the correction, moves to where Emily kneels sucking, her eyes
blank, glassy.  Kneeling behind her, Jimmy opens his fly, pulls his cock out. 
Yanking her skirt out of the way, he slams home with no ceremony.  Emily gives a
strangled, muffled cry as his cock lays open the raw flesh of her pussy, his
thrusts lifting her from the floor with their force. It's too much for the man
in her mouth, his cock explodes, spraying cum into her mouth and throat as she
gags.

Jimmy yanks Emily back, her back to his chest as he gropes her breasts.  He
squeezes hard, relishing her squirming on his tool.  Twisting her nipples, he
cranes his neck down, sinks his teeth into her neck as she screams weakly.  Hips
thrusting wildly, he bounces her violently, fingers digging cruelly into first
her breasts, then her pussy, clawing at her lips, her clit as his cock slams
into her over and over.  He isn't fucking her so much as punishing, taking his
anger and frustration out on her young body.

Billy stands in the doorway, watching as Emily is buffeted, her cries hoarse,
hopeless.  Pulling his gun, he walks slowly to stand behind Jimmy, who is
oblivious to all but Emily's writhing, sobbing.  Lifting the gun, Billy's face
is blank, almost peaceful as he pulls the trigger, bullet lifting the top of
Jimmy's head off, killing him before he even hits the floor.

"What the-" Patrick leaps to his feet, hand flying to his own gun at his belt.

"That would be a bad idea, Patrick," Billy levels his gun at him, shaking his
head, "the worst idea you ever had, I think."

"Billy?"  Patrick's eyes are huge, round, his mouth working, stammering, "Jesus,
Jesus, Billy, what?  What, why?"

"I didn't tell him he could do that."  Billy's eyes are narrow, his tone flat,
"He just kept doing that-shit I hadn't told him he could do.  Questioning me,
always second guessing, big, stupid mouth flapping when it should be still."

"B-but Billy . . ."

"Don't you start, Patrick."   Billy shakes his head in warning, "Just be a good
lad, keep your mouth shut and do as I say."  Patrick nods mutely, averts his
eyes as Billy grasps Jimmy by the arm, drags his body from the building.  Wiping
his hands on his pants, he walks back in, puts an arm around Patrick's
shoulders.

"We need to talk now, Patrick."  Smiling, his hand darts out, grabs Patrick's
gun from his belt.  Shoving Patrick to the floor, he aims the gun, lip curling
in rage.  "You called the fucking cops, Patrick, you narked us out."

Patrick shakes his head violently, hands up before his face, half pleading, half
blocking. 

"No, no, Billy, I swear it wasn't me!"

"No?"  Billy sinks down,  sitting cross-legged on the floor, gun still aimed at
Patrick's chest.  "Convince me, Paddy, tell me why I shouldn't blast your heart
from your chest."

"I swear, Billy, I would never have, it was Jimmy, it was all Jimmy!"  Sobbing,
snuffling, Patrick tells Billy of Jimmy's deal-hand Billy to the government in
return for a commutation of his own brother's prison sentence.  "I never thought
it was a good idea, Billy, I never agreed with it!"

"But you never told ME, Paddy," Billy's voice is low, dangerous, "you set me
up-and you let me shoot that man, thinking his agent had called the cops.  He
was worth more than all the rest combined, the biggest thing we'd ever dreamed
of doing, and you let me shoot him."  Rising, Billy shoves Patrick to his back
with is foot.  "Roll on your belly."

"Please, oh, dear God please, Billy, what about Katie, the girls?"

"We'll take care of them, Paddy-we always take care of those left behind."

Sobbing, Patrick rolls onto his belly, whimpering as his arms are yanked
painfully behind, bound tightly at the wrists. 

Reaching up, Billy yanks the mask from Patrick's head, revealing a young face
that would be handsome, were it not screwed down with fear.  Turning, Billy
raises the gun, pulls the trigger, killing the guest before Emily.  One by one,
sharp, flat reports echo as he shoots them.  When finished, only four remain
alive in the chantry-himself, Patrick, Emily, and Joel.

Wiping the gun carefully, he tucks it in his belt and walks to Joel, lifting him
to his knees almost tenderly.  Grasping the sides of Joel's face, he forces him
to look into his eyes.

"Pay close attention, friend-there's only one way for you and your little girl
to get out of this alive."  Nodding, sobbing, Joel listens as Billy outlines the
plan. 

"That's a good lad, smart lad," Billy pats Joel on the head, then reaches down
to untie him.  Joel whines as the blood returns to his arms, muscles protesting
as he drags a sleeve across his cum splattered face, struggles to pull his pants
up, hands trembling too violently to work the buttons .  "That's right,
Joel-clean yourself up a bit." 

Turning, Joel rises shakily, begins to approach Emily, but Billy warns him off. 
"Not yet, lad.  Come here."  Motioning toward Patrick, he smiles at Joel. 
"Anything you'd like to give him?  Any last little gifts?" 

Growling hoarsely, Joel drops to his knees, grabs Patrick by the hair, grinding
his half-erect cock into Patrick's face. 

"That's good, lad-open his mouth, give him what he deserves."

Joel presses his thumbs into the sides of Patrick's face, forcing his jaws wide
as Patrick cries in stunned protest.  Shouting incoherently, Joel begins fucking
Patrick's mouth furiously, violently, his cock hardening in moments.  Sobbing,
Joel slams into his mouth, throat, cock pushing relentlessly deeper as Patrick
gags, legs drumming the floor as he writhes under the onslaught.  Joel laughs
crazily, crying, moaning as he gives back what he's gotten.  His cock swells in
Patrick's throat, twitching, then spitting its load, leaving Patrick gagging,
retching, swallowing desperately as it floods his mouth.  Pulling out, Joel
begins striking Patrick, punching his face, head, neck. 

"Whoa there, lad-don't kill him, not like that."

Joel sinks back on his haunches, sobbing uncontrollably.  Billy takes Jimmy's
gun, empties the clip, then sets it on the floor next to Patrick.  Taking
Patrick's gun, he looks at Joel, eyes sharp.

"How many men were there, Joel?"

"T-two."

"Good lad.  And what happened?"

"Th-they took us, all of us, brought us here.  They hurt us, made us do terrible
things, they ruined my little girl!"

"Aye, that's right-and then what happened?"

Joel looks up, his eyes red rimmed, tortured.  "They fought, I-I don't know what
about, I couldn't hear."

"That's right," Billy sighs, relaxing, "And then?"

"P-Patrick shot Jimmy.  D-dragged him outside."

"Very good!"  Billy smiles wide, "And you managed to free your hands?"

"Yes," Joel's voice increases in strength, "Yes, I managed to free my hands
while he was shooting the others.  I attacked him while he had his back turned."

"And Emily?  What is Emily going to say?"

"Whatever the fuck I tell her to."  Joel's eyes narrow, his expression
hardening.  "She'll say what I tell her or she'll be very sorry."

"You'll both be sorry, Joel-I'll make sure of it."

Rising, Billy leans to untie Patrick's hands.  He points at the gun on the
floor.  "Pick it up, Patrick."

"No, please, Billy, please, I am begging you, dear Jesus-"

"PICK IT UP NOW!"  Billy bellows, gun pressed against Patrick's head.  Sobbing,
Patrick takes the unloaded gun, looks at it, then looks up, eyes pleading.

"You know what to do, Joel."  Billy nods, averts his eyes as Joel takes the gun
from him with shaking hands, presses it against Patrick's trembling face.  Both
jump as Joel pulls the trigger. 

"And that's all, laddie," Billy smiles gently, his soft tone in contrast with
his words, "remember, you tell them what really happened and I'll be back.  You
mention me in any way, and I'll see you fucked to death, your little girl
spitted on a pig pole, understood?"

Joel nods, "I'll never tell.  Nor will Emily."

"Well, then, that's all right, isn't it?"  Billy salutes sarcastically, skips
down the stairs to his waiting car.  He's got to fly now, the police are already
on their way.

Joel kneels before Emily, untying her hands as he tells her what they will say,
tells her that their stories must match exactly.  Emily shakes her head,
sobbing, mumbling weakly that she will not lie for Billy. 

Enraged, Joel smacks her-once, twice.  Pressing her back into the lap of a dead
guest, he tears the skirt from her dress, forces her legs wide, and jams the
barrel of the gun into her tortured pussy.  Emily screams are shrill, breathy,
her back arching as he fucks her with the pistol. 

"Tell me, TELL ME you stupid bitch, how many?"  He is panting, punctuating his
words with sharp, cruel thrusts of the gun, "HOW MANY WERE THERE?"

"TWO!" Emily screams, sobbing, head whipping about desperately, "There were two,
Daddy, please, there were two!"

Humming distractedly, Billy pulls onto the highway, glances into his rear view
mirror to see the flashing lights appear over a rise behind him.  Watching
carefully, he sighs with relief as they turn onto the dirt road leading to the
chantry.  Checking his watch, he flips open his phone, confirms his flight. 

"Well, not quite how I intended," he murmurs, smiling, "but all's well that ends
well, right?"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





