BDSM Library - The Library




The Library
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My Master whips me for his own pleasure and has his way with me.
The Library                       (c) ayla 2002

The night had been a busy one and now as the guests were leaving uni was
enjoying the increasing silence ... she was busy cleaning and didn't hear her
Master come back... He picked her up and twirled her around in the air then set
her down and said quietly 'uni you have outdone yourself again' He smiled down
at His most prized pet and stroked her hair .. The love He felt for this one was
different, for He not only possessed her but loved her as well, which was very
unusual for Him as He had a reputation of being very aloof and was happy to have
subs come and go and to remain the same until ...  He met and took uni, from her
He drew strength.  He took her chin in His fingers and made her look up at Him,
staring deep into her eyes He knew she wondered what He thought ... now as she
stood before Him captured in this stare she felt herself tremble His desire for
her etched in the way He drank in her features, she knew He was thinking because
of the way He said as a matter of fact to her..' I want to whip you uni my sweet
to hear your cries and moans which are your song to Me' her face fell as she
thought she had done something to displease her Master, He saw the look on her
face and chuckled 'you still find it hard to accept that I will whip you for
pleasure don't you My uni?' He stood over her stroking her hair 'yes Sir I do
... and I will meet You there as soon as I am done here', this was her vain
attempt to avoid the subject instead she managed to raise His scales He growled
thou still tenderly 'uni I love you more with each breath I take and I will take
my pleasure from whipping you but I would rather whip you for pleasure than whip
you for Punishment' He looked at her and she could see the fire inside His soul.
He took hold of her hand and she put down what she was doing as He led her out
of the ballroom, in the hall He kissed her with a passion that took her breath
away '15 minutes uni' was all He said as He strode away ... she hurried off and
returned a few minutes later wearing nothing but her lavender velvet cape and
her leather wrist and ankle cuffs she had not see these since her Master had
inflicted His first whipping on her... but she had found them neatly laid out
for her when she returned to the bedroom ... now standing in front of the door
she had feelings of being scared yet excited all in one .. she knocked not
having to wait for an answer this time, she pushed the heavy door open and
entered the Library, closing the door behind her she turned to find her Master
not in His Black velvet cape but still in His dinner suit with a riding crop
clutched in His hand.  He held His hand out to her and she approached Him her
legs trembling beneath her cape, as she neared she held her hand out to Him and
her cape parted she felt His eyes on her body sliding from her throat and coming
to rest on the mound of her pussy ... He took her hand and pulled her roughly to
Him she fell practically into Him and He kissed her with a heat that almost
melted uni on the spot, still kissing her He pushed her between the two columns
and seized her wrist cuff and pulled her arm up. breaking their kiss with a
audible 'pop' He anchored her left wrist to the chain that hung there, then He
wrapped a strap around her waist which also had clips on each side and attached
them on either side to chains at her waist height on the columns, then He
attached the bottom chains to her ankle cuffs.  He removed her cape and stepped
back to admire His uni the girl that had captured not only the Master in Him but
also the Man, the sight of her strung between the columns bound and at His grace
stirred Him to His very core ... His cock began to ache to be between the soft
folds of her moist pussy, but for now He had 'other' pleasures on His mind and
her sweet pussy can wait until later.  He has not secured my right wrist for a
reason .. uni thought as she tried to read her Master, usually it was not that
difficult but when the Dragon came out in Him ... anything.. she now realized
was possible, He saw the look of wonder on her face and smiled ' I want you to
play with your pussy uni while a whip you with the riding crop and when I have
had enough of the riding crop I have a surprise for U/us' His words almost a
growl His voice was that husky with lust, 'SMACK' the suddenness made uni jump
and yelp her Master grinned and chuckled.. the chuckle was like sound of thunder
from an approaching storm .. 'touch your clit for me uni' He said and she obeyed
immediately sliding her free right hand down across her belly and into the lips
of her pussy, she found her clit and began to tease the little nub, her fingers
soon had it standing and begging for attention .. uni had closed her eyes and
was enjoying the feeling of hanging in her chains pleasuring herself when ..
'SMACK' .. her eyes snapped open and she screamed  as her Master whipped the
front of her thighs 'OOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW' she screamed and started
to struggle, 'easy uni' He cooed at her with a tone He would use with a prized
mare .. she began to settle with the tone of His voice .. He took the handle of
the riding crop and rubbed it against her pussy she moaned deeply longing for
her Masters expert hands to play with her there ... 'slide your finger inside
you sweet, slide them into your juice so your Master can taste your honey. She
attentively slid her hand back toward her pussy it already wet from when she
played with her clit so her finger slid in easily, uni found it hard to slide
her finger very far into her pussy because of her chains but it was in far
enough to cause her to moan loudly .. mmmmmmmmmmmmm .. 'good girl that's it feel
all the sweetness that your pussy holds for U/us' ... He loved to watch her
pleasure herself as she knew where to touch and how to touch He made her
masturbate for a long time and then He would plunge His cock into her throbbing
pussy ...  'don't cum uni not yet' as He told her He could see the look of
disappointment on her face .. He knew she was close to making herself cum but He
wanted that pleasure after He had presented her with her gift ... walking over
to uni He seized her hand and pulled it from her pussy she was reluctant to let
Him do so and 'SMACK' another blow across the side of her leg she yelped and
yielded to Him, he sucked on the fingers that held her juices and savoured the
flavour of her, then He anchored her right wrist to the chain. Unable to move
totally now as the strap around her waist held her steady uni grew scared, she
trembled, He sensed her fear almost smelled it and breathed in deeply loving the
smell of her juices and her emotions 'will be over soon my love and your Dragon
will soothe His uni' and then He will take the pleasures of her sweet pussy with
His cock .. the thought rolled around in His brain but for now His surprise
waited for her ... He walked toward the wall where He kept His collection of
whips and found what He was looking for .. His newest and most prized was the
one He had crafted for her, it was a cat~o~nine tails each tail made of lavender
leather .. the tails bore no knots .. yet .. the handle crafted of silver and
made to resemble a Dragon and a unicorn .. ever since He had picked it up, it
felt as it was made for T/them, He turned the handle over and over in His hand
enjoying the feeling of it. Uni's eyes widened when she saw the whip she had the
look of a bunny caught in a shooters light the wide eyed stare of panic ... 'I
had this especially made for U.us so I always hold you in My hand and on the end
of My whip' "SWACK' the tails lashed at uni's buttocks and she yowled with pain
'shhhhhhhhh good girl' He soothed 'SWACK' her breathing was rapid and she moaned
and tried to stuggle 'tis feeble to struggle my pet but it is arousing to watch
you try' His taunt excited her more and she struggled more .. He grinned knowing
that throu the hurt that the excitement aroused her as much as it did Him
..'SWACK' the tails bit a path across her bare breasts 'OWWWWWWWWWWWWW oh Master
please no more' she pleaded with Him knowing that this was His pleasure and her
pleas would excite Him more .. 'soon sweet one soon'.. and with that He drew the
cat~o~nine tails back and 'SWACK' across her back watching as the welts began to
appear .. 'SWACK' AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH uni cried unable to hold the scream in as
the tails bit into her  butt  her body was throbbing and she slumped slightly in
her chains 'one more baby and W/we are done' He reached out and stroked her face
which now had a trail of tears streaking her cheeks ... He looked at her and
thought she had never looked so beautiful .. 'SWACK' this one He aimed across
the front of her thighs He didn't want to over lap His lashes yet she was still
too fresh for that ... she moaned as He went and replaced her whip on the wall,
returning to her He undid her chains and lowered her to the floor He stroked her
face and kissed away her tears His very being ached to be within her tender
flesh He got up and undressed quickly all the time not taking His eyes from her
body marked with welts from the whip and thought how could she get more radiant
every time He took her like this .. He lifted her legs and exposed her wet pussy
and licked His lips His desire to fuck her overtook the want to taste her juices
... He plunged His hard cock into her and almost came as she moaned and arched
her hips to Him accepting His roughness her pussy gripped His cock and began to
massage it He began to pump into her ... her juices making it slick and wet He
grabbed her hips and pulled her to Him as His cock thrust into her depths
'ohhhhhhhhhhhhh Master yes please' she couldn't hold back the need for her own
release that it gave her a renewed passion He pumped at her pussy her juices
making her thighs wet 'please Master please can I cum' she was begging to be
released from the fire within her belly 'not yet baby soon' He wanted to savour
His uni enjoying her was His greatest pastime He ground his pelvis into her
burying his cock deeply His own orgasm now spilling forth 'NOW baby cum for me'
the look of release on her face was enough to drive Him over the edge and He
pounded her cunt until His balls were dry .. her screams of passion excited Him
as much as her screams of pain ... as the fire quelled to a simmer He looked at
her and said ' I love you uni I wasn't going to but I could no longer help it'
and took her into His arms and held her tight ....... The End.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ayla


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





