BDSM Library - Make That Date




Make That Date
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Paul always wanted to go out with Rebecca, but she never seemed interested.  When he heard about a TV show that guaranteed a date, he couldn't resist.
Make that Date
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(TG/F, transform, bondage)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

Below is a transcript of a recent episode of a new 
made for TV series called 'Make that Date'.


Chuck:  "Hi, everyone, this is Chuck Woolery, and 
welcome to another episode of . . ."

"Make that Date," the audience screams in unison.  

 Chuck:  "I would like everyone to put their hands 
together for our first contestant, Paul Robinson."

Chuck motions to the unoccupied loveseat in the shape 
of a heart.  "Have a seat Paul, and tell us . . . what 
brought you to Make that Date."

Paul:  "Well, Chuck, I saw your ad in the paper.  It 
said if there was someone I wanted to date, but wasn't 
able to on my own, you guys could make it happen."

Chuck: "And who was the lucky lady Paul?"

Paul:  "Her name is Rebecca.  We used to be friends in 
high school.  I've always had a crush on her, and I've 
always regretted not going out with her."

Chuck:  "Did you ask her out in high school?" 

Paul:  "Well - sort of.  But, she always made some 
kind of excuse."

Chuck:  "That's okay, Paul, here on our show, we're 
not about excuses are we?  Cause on our show, we're 
here to . . ."

Audience cheers:   "Make that date."

Chuck:  "And we made your date, didn't we Paul?"

Paul:  "Yes, you did Chuck, but not like I thought.  
As a matter of fact, I'm thinking of suing you for 
damages."

Chuck:  "Well, Paul, that's why we have everyone sign 
a release."

Chuck:   "Well everyone, are you ready to meet Paul's 
date?"

The audience cheers as a TV monitor comes on with a 
beautiful dark haired girl on the screen.

Chuck:  "Welcome to Make that Date, Rebecca!"

Rebecca:  "It's good to be here Chuck."   She winks at 
Paul and smiles.  "Hi Paula."

Paul:  "Hi Rebecca."

Chuck:  "I noticed you called him Paula.  Why was 
that?"

Rebecca:   "I don't date men Chuck.  I'm into women."

Chuck:   "Not even game show hosts?"

Rebecca "Not unless you want to grow a pair of tits 
Chuck."

Chuck:  "What a shame.  But what about you Paul?  I 
don't see any tits on you either."

Paul:  "That's why I'm so pissed off.  One minute I'm 
here, talking to the producer and signing a bunch of 
forms and the next thing I know, I'm at Rebecca's 
doorstep with my finger on doorbell.  I almost fainted 
when I saw my fingers.  They were a woman's fingers 
with painted nails and the whole works."

Chuck:  "The whole works?"

Paul:  "The works.  Long hair, long legs, heels, and 
tits.  Worse, you guys sent me out without underwear 
and wearing a flimsy dress. Jesus,  I looked like a 
prostitute.  I still don't know how you did it."

Chuck laughs:  "It's TV magic Paul.  *TV magic*." 

Audience:  "????"

Chuck:  "Sorry, inside joke.  Anyway, Rebecca, what 
did you think when you saw Paul, er Paula the first 
time."

Rebecca:  "I thought she was gorgeous.  She was tall, 
thin, blonde, full lips, with a pert pair of breasts.  
Everything I asked for in the survey you sent.  When 
she opened the door and the morning light displayed 
her gorgeous body through her thin cotton dress, I 
knew I had to have her."

Paul:  "And you didn't waste any time did you?  Let's 
see a clip."

On the TV monitor, two women met at the door, on 
blonde and one brunette.  The blonde looked very 
unsure of herself - almost as if she were ready to 
bolt at any moment.  There was a polite shaking of 
hands, and the blonde was ushered into the house.  
Once inside, the brunette caught the blonde's hands, 
held her against the door, and kissed her deeply.  The 
blonde struggled at first, but succumbed to the 
ravishing of her mouth.  

Chuck:  "Paul, how did it feel when she pushed you 
against the door?  What is she doing there?  Was she 
kissing you or performing a body cavity search?"

Paul:  "Kissing I guess.  I wasn't expecting it at 
first, but I liked it."

Chuck:  "What did you think Rebecca?"

Rebecca:  "I thought she was delicious.  By sheer 
force of will I didn't fuck her right there."

Chuck:  "Watch your language.  You don't want us to 
bleep it out later."

Rebecca says, "Well, I did want to make love to her.  
I like my other word better.  Anyway, I stopped 
because I thought we should have something to eat.  I 
was sure we would need all our energy later on."

Chuck:  "Where did you two go for dinner?"

Rebecca:  "Go?  I took her to the dining room.  I only 
had a day, and I wasn't going to waste precious time 
driving to a restaurant."

Chuck:  "How did you feel about that Paul?"

Paul:  "I really didn't like the way she was treating 
me at first.  I mean it was our first date and she 
didn't even take me out.  She kept invading my 
personal space the whole time - especially my ah-
butt."

Rebecca:  "Can you show a clip Chuck?"

Chuck:  "Certainly."

The clip played showing the two women walking down 
hall.  The dark-haired woman placed an arm around the 
blonde cupping her ass.  Once there, it didn't just 
rest, but massaged, lifted the smooth round globes, 
occasionally delving beneath her white cotton dress 
and exposing her naked bottom.

Rebecca:  "Just look at that ass Chuck, can you blame 
me?"

The video continues to play.

Chuck:  "Not in the least.  Now, what's going on here?  
Why are you sitting and sending Paula- I mean Paul to 
the kitchen?"

Rebecca:  "I asked Paula be a dear and serve the food.  
Oh, and I told her to put on an apron so she wouldn't 
ruin her clothes."

Chuck:  "Why on earth did you make her serve the food 
when she was eating at your house?"

Rebecca:  "I like being in charge." 

Chuck:  "Oh . . . didn't that seem strange to you 
Paul?"

Paul:  "Strange?  *You* turn me into a woman and then 
you have the gall to ask if I felt it was strange to 
be asked to serve food?"

Chuck:  "Well, you looked cute in your little apron, 
I'll give you that.  Now, why did she stop you and 
make you go to the other side of her?"

Paul:  "She said to serve from the left, collect from 
the right, and bend at the hips."

Chuck: "Now, Rebecca, I see the reasoning for serving 
from the right.  After all . . . it's proper 
etiquette, but bending at the hips?"

The monitor showed Rebecca's finger stealing beneath 
Paula's jutting backside.

Chuck:  "Oh . . . I see."

Paul:  "I didn't ask for that Chuck.  She practically 
forced herself on me every chance she got."

Rebecca:  "Don't even try that shit with me girl.  You 
came to my house, wearing next to nothing, no panties, 
a shaved cunt, a very wet shaved cunt, I might add.  
You were practically begging for it.  Anyway, it looks 
like you were enjoying it."

Paul turns an even brighter shade of crimson watching 
his formerly female body react to Rebecca's 
ministrations.  

Paul:  "I was *not* begging for it.  I didn't even ask 
to wear that stuff."  

Chuck:  "It does look like you were opening your legs 
wider Paula.  Are you sure you were the innocent 
victim you'd like for us to believe."

Paul:  "I was the victim."

Chuck:  "Well, enough of that.  Let's watch some more 
of your date.  It looks like you both had a nice 
dinner.  Maybe not a lot of conversation, but how was 
the food Paul?  Maybe not so good, it looks like you 
just spit out a piece of asparagus.  There's nothing 
worse than overcooked asparagus."

Paul:  "It wasn't the food.  Even the asparagus was 
good.  I was sitting there, trying to enjoy dinner, 
when all of a sudden I felt something between my 
legs."

Chuck:  "I take it; it wasn't your cock was it?"

Paul:  "No, it was her foot.  She was pushing it 
against my er vagina."

Chuck:  "You can say pussy, Paul.  I think it is safe 
to say this show is going to have to be aired on 
cable.  And tell us Paul, what did you think about her 
foot on your pussy?"

Paul:  "What do you think I thought?  No, don't tell 
me.  I thought she was moving to fast, so I closed my 
legs and grabbed her foot.  I told her about how I was 
a man.  That I went to high school with her.  And that 
somehow you guys had forcefully turned me into a 
woman."

Chuck:  "What did you think of that Rebecca?"

Rebecca:  "I didn't think anything of it.  I told her 
to prove it.  I said; show me your breasts Paula.  Let 
me see if they are a woman's breasts.  If they're not 
real, then I'll believe you, but I knew they were real 
enough.  I just wanted to see them in the flesh so to 
speak."

Paul:  "You lied to me!"

Rebecca:  "You should have seen her Chuck.  She was so 
adorable as she unbuttoned her dress and saw her 
titties for the first time ever."

Paul:  "I wasn't thinking straight.  I had a buzz from 
the wine.  Usually, I can drink a lot more than that.  
Then there was her foot sliding up and down my legs, 
which didn't help matters at all. 

The video showed Paula unbuttoning his blouse and 
baring his firm ripe breasts.

Rebecca:  "They're beautiful, aren't they Chuck?  
That's what I told Paula too.  I said they were 
beautiful and I'd love to kiss them. And then she 
tried to hide her hardened nipples and tells me they 
weren't hers."

Paul:  "They weren't!" 

Chuck:  "And then what?" 

Rebecca:  "I said.  They sure look like they belong to 
you.  Pinch it.  Pinch a nipple and see if you feel 
it."

On the screen, Paula hesitantly reached up and tweaked 
his erect nipple under Rebecca's penetrating stare.  
"Oh!" she gasped.

Paul:  "Don't look at me like that Chuck.  Th-th-they 
were more sensitive than you would think." 

Rebecca:  "When I saw that, I knew I had to have her.  
I told her I wanted desert.  Paula said, what's for 
desert?  She was so naive - preciouse really.  I said 
you."

On the video, Rebecca got out of her chair and 
advanced on her guest as a lion might stalk an 
antelope.   She tilted Paula's head up, smothering her 
with a kiss, groping her body as she did so.  Next, 
Rebecca stripped the slightly protesting blonde right 
there in the dining room.

Paul:  "Jesus, are you gonna show this Chuck?  Don't 
you need to cut to commercial or something?"

Chucks eyes don't leave the screen:  "And now a word 
from our sponsors. . ." 

Paul:  "But it's still on!"

Chuck:  "We don't really cut to commercial.  That's 
just for the people at home."

The tape shows Paula giving in and trying to put her 
arms around Rebecca.  Instead, she catches them and 
puts them behind Paula's back.  

Chuck:  "What are you doing there Rebecca?" 

Rebecca:  "I like to be in charge Chuck."

 The video shows, Rebecca leading Paula to her 
bedroom, and pushing her forcefully to the bed.  She 
kissed her, she fondled her, she caressed her, but 
every time Paula tried to return the favor, she pushed 
her back down with her arms to either side of his 
head.  

Chuck:  "Still in control I see."

Rebecca:  "Yes, I warned the little sex-pot that if 
she kept that up, I was going to have to truss her 
up."

Paul:   "I thought she said sex me up.  Who says truss 
these days?"

On the screen , Paula's hands stay at either side of 
her head for a minute , but then they move down and 
start stroking Rebecca's dark hair.

 Rebecca:  "I warned you, didn't I?" 

On the screen Rebecca got up and retrieved a coil of 
rope and what appeared to be several leather straps 
from the nightstand.   Paula was in a daze, and she 
was rolled on her back and her wrists cuffed before 
she even started to struggle. 

Rebecca:  "See?  I'm trussing her up.  Just like I 
said I would.  At this point she tried to tell me she 
didn't want to play anymore, so I put my trusty old 
ball gag in her mouth."

Paul:  "It wasn't fair to gag me.  You could have hurt 
me and I wouldn't have been able to say anything.  
Come on Chuck, can't you skip this next part.  They've 
seen me naked, isn't that enough?"

Chuck and the audience watch in silence as Rebecca 
stroked and caressed the bound blonde on her bed.  
Watched as the blonde's struggles grew weaker and 
weaker.

Rebecca:  "From here on out, it was easy work, Chuck."

On the screen, Rebecca strapped Paula's forearms 
together and another just above the elbow, pulling her 
arms behind her back and forcing her very vulnerable 
breasts out.  Next, she strapped her ankles and 
herthighs, but instead of strapping them together, 
they were tied off to the bedposts.

Rebecca stepped back and surveyed her handwork.  

Rebecca:  "As you can see, I had her trussed up pretty 
good here, but I felt something was missing." 

On the screen, Rebecca took two long leather straps, 
she placed one just below Paula's breasts and one just 
above, ran them around her body and tightened them.  
She ran a coil of rope through the steel link and 
connected it to a hook on the ceiling and began to 
hoist the bound blonde's upper body up, until it was 
parallel to the bed.

"Now that was a good trussing.  Look, Paula could even 
see herself in the mirror."

Neither Chuck, the audience, nor Paul could tear their 
gaze away from the helpless and struggling blonde on 
the screen.  They barely noticed as Rebecca stopped 
stroking Paula and left the room, her ass wiggling 
saucily along the way.

Rebecca:  "I told her I was going to go change, not to 
go anywhere."

Paul:  "Go anywhere?  Who was she kidding?  I couldn't 
even budge.  Please, do we have to watch this."  

But, Paul's eyes never left the image on the screen 
either.



On the screen Paula tugged uselessly at her bonds.  
She couldn't move and inch, save for a fetching wiggle 
that had an enticing effect on her newly acquired 
breasts and plump bottom.  Paula looked toward the 
door Rebecca left from and her eyes widened in shock 
and welled with tears.  She struggled frantically.

Paul:  "Look, I was scared.  This wasn't my idea of a 
date.  I hadn't seen Rebecca in years, and well, she 
obviously has changed a lot.  And then when she walked 
back in the room with *that*, I was terrified.

On the screen, Rebecca returned, wearing a shiny black 
corset, hair pulled back severely, and an impressive 
dildo strapped to her crotch.  By the time she reached 
the bed, Paula was struggling frantically against her 
bonds, her muffled cries sneaking past the gag.  

Rebecca unhooked the gag and pulled it from his mouth.  
Tear streaked mascara ran down Paula's face.

Rebecca: "The poor thing said she was scared and 
didn't want to play anymore.  I kissed her and told 
her to relax; I wouldn't do anything she didn't want 
to do."

Paul:  "Yeah, and I said to untie me right then, but 
did you?"

Rebecca:  "Except for that."

Chuck:   "How sweet, it sounds like you two had a 
lover's quarrel."

Rebecca:  "Not for long.  I told her if she didn't 
like what I was doing, just tell me to stop." 

On the screen, Rebecca bent down and started to kiss 
her way from the nape of Paula's neck down to her 
dangling breasts.

Paul:  "And I told you to stop right then, but you 
kept going."

Rebecca:  "But I did stop, didn't I.  You didn't want 
your breasts kissed, so I moved on to other things 
that needed to be kissed.

Chuck:  "Why did you ask her to stop?  Didn't it feel 
good?" 

Paul:  "It did, but, I ah-  didn't want people to 
watch me on TV like that and get the wrong idea."

On the screen, Rebecca got on the bed beside the 
helpless blonde and kissed her way down her arched 
spine.  

Paul:  "I told her to stop again."

Rebecca caressed Paula's bottom and spread her rounded 
cheeks.  The camera moved in for a close-up of her 
puckered ass and very wet pussy.  

Paul: "Stop the tape!  Chuck, that's far enough.  
Look, you're getting turned on at my expense.  You're 
all getting turned on."  

Chuck:  "I can see why you gagged her Rebecca.  She - 
I mean he talks too much.   I'm hard.  So what?  Call 
me Chuck *Wood*ery, but we're not stopping tape."

On the screen, Rebecca stroked Paula's stomach.  Her 
hand moved down until it was almost touching Paula's 
sex.  "Stop," Paula mouthed.

Rebecca:  "Chuck, can you turn up the sound on this 
thingie?" 

Chuck motions and the studio darkens, and sound is 
added the images on screen.

On the screen, Rebecca took off Paula's heels and 
kissed and sucked on her painted toes.  Tiny moans 
escaped the blonde's clenched lips.

***********

"Please-" she gasped.

"Please, what," Rebecca asked.

"please. . . stop."

Rebecca got off the bed and picked up a remote control 
from the TV.  Paul suddenly realized, maybe too late, 
that he didn't really want her to stop.  He was 
relieved when she knelt in front of him and resumed 
kissing his lips.  He didn't say a word as she kissed 
her way down his neck and suckled and nibbled as his 
full nipples.

"Oh God," she breathed.

Rebecca stood up, and moved behind him.  She grasped 
his hips and slid the cold latex cock sliding up and 
down his nether lips.  Paula arched her back to make 
herself available.

Instead of penetrating her, Rebecca continued to tease 
Paula's wet lips, sliding the latex cock back and 
forth.  The wet sounds echoed throughout the small 
studio.

"Is this what you want?" Rebecca asked.

"Yes," Paula gasped.

"Tell me.  Tell me what you want."

"Stick it in me."

Rebecca touched the head to his opening.  Paula pushed 
back, but couldn't move a muscle due to the tight 
bondage.

"Tell me what I want to hear," Rebecca demanded.

"Fuck me," Paula admitted.  

"Fuck you where?"  Rebecca teasingly swirled the head 
of the cock against the blonde's opening.  "Tell me or 
I stop for good," Rebecca said, smiling wickedly.  "Oh 
baby, I'm gonna fuck you like you wouldn't believe."

The audience watched in horrid fascination as the 
girl's bare and blossomed sex was penetrated.  

"Oh shit, Owww!  Please stop," Paula begged, as the 
pain hit.  "It's too big

"It's only six inches.  It just looks bigger because 
you're smaller."

"It hurts," Paula whined.  "It's not supposed to 
hurt."

"It always hurts the first time."  Rebecca pulled out 
and examined flecks of red on the dildo.  "I just took 
your cherry."

The image on the screen froze and the lights were 
turned back on.   

Chuck:  "So how did that feel Paula, losing your 
virginity that is?"

Paul:  "It hurt and it felt good at the same time.  
And stop calling me Paula."

Chuck: "What did you think about it Rebecca?"

Rebecca:  "I loved it.  At first when you guys 
approached me about this whole date thing, I turned it 
down.  But then I realized, I not only would be her 
first.  I would be *the* first.  She had never even 
had the opportunity to touch herself there.   I got to 
teach her everything."

Paul:  "I'm a man, not a her."

Rebecca:  "Let's watch the video some more and then 
you can tell me if you still believe that?"

The lights in the studio darkened.  On the screen, 
Rebecca started to fuck Paula in earnest.  Slowly at 
first, but eventually pounding the cock into her 
pussy.  The pain had long since disappeared from the 
lines in Paula's face, replaced by the half-lidded 
eyes of pleasure.

Rebecca:  "Look Paul, look how your pussy clung to my 
cock."

On the TV monitor, the helpless bonde's pussy 
swallowed the latex cock, her nether lips stretched 
out clutching and clinging to the cock as it was 
withdrawn.  

"You're close aren't you?"  Rebecca asked.  

"Yes," Paula gasped.

"Don't hold back," she said.  "Let it go.   Let it 
out."

**************

Paul:  "Please Chuck, show anything you want, but 
please don't show this next part."

Chuck:  "Why?"

Paul:  "I don't want anyone I know to see me act like 
a - like a-"

But it was too late.  The video continued on to Paul's 
humiliating performance.

*************

"Let me hear you or I'll stop," Rebecca warned as she 
stopped thrusting.

"Ugh," Paula forced out a moan.  It was obvious she 
was reluctant to do so.  

Rebecca fucked Paula with a shallow thrust.  

"Yes," Paula cried, and Rebecca fucked the hapless 
blonde again, a little harder, and stopped.  

It was obvious Rebecca was making him. . . moan for 
it.

Rebecca flexed against her bonds, then gave a long 
plaintive whine and received a slow and deep thrust.  

"Yes!" Paula cried and was fucked by a swift sure 
thrust.  And then, as if a train were starting down 
the tracks, her cries started slow and soft became 
louder and more urgent.

"Yes-yes-yes-mmmmm-fuck-fuck me.  Oh God. You're doing 
it.  You're fucking me.  God, I can feel you all the 
way inside - oh fuck -hammering me - oh -oh -eee- 
eeee- I'm cumming!" Paula cried.

Rebecca continued to fuck the blonde until the cries 
grew faint and less urgent.  She pulled out after 
Paula came down from her orgasm.  "You loved it didn't 
you.  Admit it."

"I-I loved it.  I love you," Paula said.

Rebecca smiled wickedly, pulled the helpless blonde's 
ass cheeks apart, and spit on the tiny crater, then 
began to lick the tiny grommet.

"Oh God, what are you doing?  Not there!" Paula 
gasped.

"I'm going all the way with you pretty Paula.  By then 
end of the night, there won't be much you haven't done 
- I mean had done to you.  Now beg me to fuck your 
pretty ass."

"Please don't" Paula begged.  

"Is it okay if I lick you?" Rebecca asked.

"Yes."

"It feels good doesn't it?"

"Yes."

"Do you like having your ass licked?  You love it 
don't you?  You love me licking your pretty ass."

"God yes." Paula admitted.   In a few minutes she was 
begging.  "Please.  Fuck me."

"Fuck you where?"

"My ass."

"You mean your pretty ass, don't you Pet?  Say, please 
Mistress, fuck my pretty ass."

"Please, Rebecca.  You know I want you to."

"Then say it.  And if you don't start calling me 
Mistress, I'll get up and leave you . . . just like 
this."

"Oh God . . . please Mistress - ah - please fuck my 
pretty ass."

"Just try to relax my Pet," Rebecca said, lining the 
head of the dildo up with the blonde's still wet 
pucker.

"Ah-ah-ah-" Paula gasped in sweet agony.

"Shhh . . .baby.  Just relax and don't try to squeeze.  
That's my girl, give yourself to me."

"It hurts Mistress."

Slowly but surely, Rebecca prodded onward, never 
stopping, and only occasionally slowing.

"You're doing good Pet.  I'm so proud of you.  Just a 
bit more - a tiny bit.  There, it's all the way in.  
How do you feel?"

"Ugh- full Mistress and it still hurts a little."

"I know Pet, but you have such a pretty ass, you know 
people are going to want to fuck it.  You don't hold 
that against me do you?  For wanting to fuck your 
pretty ass?"

"Noooo-uhhhhh" Paula groaned as Rebecca pulled out and 
then pushed the cock back to the hilt.  "Oh-Jesus-
God!"

Rebecca fucked Paula with a slow steady rhythm.  The 
room was quiet but for the sounds of the ropes 
twisting, and the squishing-sucking sound of the 
helpless blonde's penetration.

"Are you doing okay baby?" Rebecca asked.

"It's burning a little." 

"Okay, let me lube up again."  When Rebecca withdrew 
from Paula's ass, the red grommet remained open.  She 
got closer and peered inside her intimate cavity.  
"You don't have any secrets anymore, you know that?"

Paula clenched her ass in dismay, but was unable to 
keep it closed for long.  "W-what are you doing."

"Looking at you my Pet.  If you were mine on a more 
permanent basis, I would keep you plugged, so your 
pretty ass would always be available for my use."

"Please Mistress - don't look at me there.  You're 
embarrassing me."

"If you don't want to be embarrassed, don't get bare 
assed."  Rebecca laughed, taking a small bottle from 
the nightstand and unscrewed the cap and tilted it up 
over Paula's irritated nether hole.  "This is going to 
be cold," she warned, squeezing out a stream of clear 
gel.

"Oh!" Paula yelped at the shocking sensation.

Rebecca worked it in and then replaced her lifelike 
cock back at the entrance.  "I'm going to fuck you now 
Pet.  I mean *really* fuck you."

Where before the brunette had been slow and gentle, 
her strokes were now hard and deep.  "You're taking it 
now.  Taking it all my little slave girl.  Who does 
that pretty ass belong to?"

"Ugh-ugh-you-Mistress. . ." Paula grunted.

"I'm getting ready to cum Pet.  Do you love me?"

"Yes-ugh-ugh- I love you!"  Paula cried.

Rebecca grabbed a handful of the blonde's hair.  Her 
hips thrust to the beat of the spasms racing inside 
her body.  She slowed and collapsed on Paula's back.

"Did you cum pretty Pet?"

"No, Mistress.  I liked it, but I don't think I can 
take doing it like that again."

"Does my Pet's sexy ass hurt?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"I bet I could make you cum from being taken like 
that.  Eventually."  

Paula's face contorted with pain.  "Ow-ow-ow" she 
said.

"What's wrong?" Rebecca asked.

"My thigh is cramping."

"Okay, I'll get you down from there," Rebecca said, 
undoing the knots.  "But if you want to be my Pet, 
you're going to have to get used to being bound.  
Being controlled."

"Yes, Mistress."  Paula stretched out her cramping 
leg.  "Ahhhh. . ."

"We don't have much time now Pet and we still have 
more to do," Rebecca kissed Paula and then guided her 
down on her back.  "Now I want you to grab yourself 
around your knees and pull up as hard as you can.

Paula did as commanded, hooking her arms around her 
knees and pulling back until she was folded in half, 
thrusting her very aroused sex within a foot of her 
face.

"Perfect," Rebecca said.  "I want you to stay just 
like that and watch closely.  If you move I'm going to 
stop.  Do you understand?"

Nothing could have prepared Paula for the sensation of 
Rebecca's electric tongue on his sensitive folds.  She 
gasped and pulled her legs up further to make herself 
even more available.

***************

Chuck:  "Now Paula, you mean to tell me you honestly 
didn't enjoy yourself?  What's with this suing 
business?  You loved it.  Just look at you."

Paul:  "My name is Paul.  Anyway, that wasn't what I 
wanted to sue for.  This next part on the tape show 
why I want to sue you bastards."

***************

The blonde's sweaty body flexed and squirmed under the 
brunette's oral ministrations.  She squealed, she 
panted, she bit her lower lip, and she tossed her 
pretty mane of hair.

"It's divine, yes?" Rebecca asked.

"Oh yes!" Paula gasped. "Oh God yes!"

"Watch me closely.  I expect you to learn how to do 
this."

Paula nodded her head in response.

"Wait till you feel this."  Rebecca extended her long 
tongue until it hovered just over Paula's pink pearl, 
and then she rapidly flicked it up and down.  

"Oh God.  Oh God!  Whatever you do please don't stop," 
Paula begged.

"Cum for me lover." Rebecca said her mouth descending 
hungrily.

*************

Then at the moment of truth, the image on screen 
turned to static.  

Chuck:  "What happened?  What the hell happened?  
Somebody fix the tape!"

Paul:  "There *is* no more tape Chuck.  That was it.  
End of date.  Right there, mere moments from release, 
and I found myself back in your greenroom, on my back, 
clothed, back to being Paul and no relief in sight."

Chuck:  "Whew, that's a tough break."

Rebecca:  "I wasn't a happy camper at that point 
either.  Who comes up with these rules, anyway?"

Chuck:  "Lawyers. . ."

Rebecca and Paul in unison:  "No wonder."

Chuck:  "Well, there is some good news.  Paula, if you 
liked the date and Rebecca wants to see you again, 
we'll set you back up."

Paul:  "Yes.  Yes, I want to go out with her again."

Chuck:  "Rebecca's the one you need to be asking."

Paul:  "Rebecca, I had a wonderful time and would love 
to go out with you again.  Will you ah-have me?"

Rebecca:  "Chuck, I was pretty clear about this in 
advance.  I would only be interested in Paula - not 
Paul."

Paul:  "But-but."

Chuck:  "Relax Paul, no need to get all weepy about 
it.  This is Make that Date.  If you want to go out 
with Rebecca again as Paula, we can make it happen."

Paul:  "I'll do it."

Chuck:  "I don't think you understand Paul.  This is a 
one way trip.  You would be Paula for good."

Paul:  "Rebecca, would you if I came back as Paula?"

Rebecca:  "Are you sure you know what you're getting 
into Paula?  You know you're going to have to wear 
what I tell you, do what I tell you, be bound, 
spanked, fucked and sucked.  I'm going to frustrate 
you, tease you, and please you.  I'm going to test the 
limits of you and that oh-so fuckable body.  Is this 
really what you want little Pet?"

Paul:  "More than anything.  I'll do it Chuck.  Do I 
have to sign anything?"

***************

On the TV monitor, a very naked Paula appears next to 
Rebecca.  

"Welcome home Pet," she said.

Chuck waved at the two girls.  "We've enjoyed having 
you on our show girls."

"Oh shit!" Paula exclaimed upon discovering her 
nakedness.  Her hands flew up, as she tried her best 
to hide her charms from the TV audience.

"Get those hands down," warned Rebecca.

"Yes, Mistress," Paula said, turning a bright shade of 
red, and reluctantly putting her hands to her sides.

"That's much better my Pet," Rebecca said, lifting one 
of Paula's lush breasts and tweaking a hardened 
nipple.  "You have a beautiful body and you should 
learn to love to display it, because you will be doing 
a lot of that in the future."

Rebecca's hand slid down Paula's stomach, hidden by 
the edge of the TV screen.  It could have been doing 
anything, but the audience had little doubt what the 
hand was busy doing, after observing Paula's sharp 
intake of breath and startled expression.

"Open those thighs like a good little slave girl.  You 
know who this pretty pussy belongs to," said Rebecca.

"Yes, Mistress," Paula said.  Her expression changed 
from worried to being overcome with passion.  She bit 
her bottom lip and screwed her eyes shut, oblivious of 
the camera.  She needn't have worried.  Back in the 
studio the image on screen faded.


***************

Chuck:  "You know what I always say, alls well that 
ends well.  And it looked like it ended pretty well to 
me.  Speaking of ends, I bet Paula will be getting it 
in the end so to speak, ha-ha.  Come on people - that 
was funny.  Right?  Anyway, tune in next week for 
another episode of Make that Date!"



If you have someone in mind you would like to have a 
date with, but haven't been able to complete the deal.  
Write:  Make My Date at PO Box 777, Hollywood, 
California.



***********

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





