BDSM Library - Be Careful What You Wish For




Be Careful What You Wish For
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She allows herself to be completely dominated by this man, feeling she may have finally met her match, but, in the end will she be disappointed?
Be Careful What You Wish For

At work yesterday afternoon, He called. A month has passed since our evening of
cocktails and cockteases, and I had just about erased the whole sordid occasion
from my memory banks. When he invited me over,  I asked, almost jokingly, what
he had in mind. He said, "Well, first I am going to take off all your clothes,
handcuff you and then I am going to rape you." I knew he wasn't kidding, and my
adrenaline levels shot off the scale. It was all I could to contain myself until
I could leave the office.

He lives only moments away from where I work, and I was there before I was
actually ready to be. I arrived empty handed, as per his request, and it wasn't
moments before I stepped through the threshold, that he had begun to kiss me.

I love the way he kisses. Not too hard, not too soft. Enough tongue to make it
exciting.

I was quaking. My knees quivered underneath me, as they had never done before.
My whole body shook as he touched me, and I knew that turned Him on more than
anything. I was a mess, but determined to continue.

When I had walked in, the first thing I noticed was the table laid out by the
entryway. Neatly arranged there were black leather straps with buckles and
silver chains of all sizes. I only caught a cursory glance of them, before He
started to kiss and undress me. I wasn't scared, but filled with anticipation of
what it was going to feel like to be completely immobile and at this man's
mercy. I shook even harder at the thought of it.

Once I was naked, except for my panties, I asked if I could take off his clothes
as well. He said He wanted me to, and to suck his cock while I was down there. I
worried that I might not be able to give a proper blow job while I was shaking
like a leaf, but I gave it my best shot. He didn't seem to have any complaints.

That's when He asked me to stand, and He began to place the leather cuffs on my
wrists and neck. The sound of the buckles, each one clinking as He fastened them
was beyond erotic. I noticed each one had a small chain dangling from them. And
then He placed on my collar. It was thick and hard leather. He even had a
difficult time fastening it. I just tried not to collapse to my knees.

Once it was secured, not too tightly, but enough to restrict my movement, He
took my right arm and then my left as He twisted them around my back. That's
when He took the silvery chain and clasped it to hook on the back of my collar.
The use of my hands and arms were now gone. I was loving this. I couldn't wait
to see what was going to come next.

The nipple clamps. Oh, Christ. The intense immediate pain that screamed through
my nipples as He clipped each one, was enough to elicit an audible gasp.
Although the pain only lasted for a few moments, it was almost unbearable. Then,
as if I was given a gift for enduring that moment of pain, a warm flowing
feeling spread across them and it was pure ecstasy.

Clamped, cuffed, I awaited what was to come next. I was dripping, aching for Him
to touch me, but I knew no pleading would make Him give into my cries. So, I
kept silent and waited. Then, He told me the rules.

I was now his slave. I would do everything He told me to without question. If I
didn't, I would be punished. If things got too intense, I was to say "yellow"
for Him to back off a little. If I absolutely wanted Him to stop, I was to say
"red".

It was so hard for me at this time to not be my usual sarcastic self, and drop a
joke here and there. But I knew that would ruin this fantasy, and expose my very
real inexperience to this very masterful man. This man who was making me shake
uncontrollably.

He then maneuvered me around to the arm of one of the couches. A "horse" I
thought to myself as He pushed me down over it, exposing all of my ass and my
wide-open pussy to Him. I could feel that He wanted to fuck me right then, as He
told me what a dirty whore I was to be so wet already. He spanked me once
lightly on each cheek. Asking me if I liked that. When I said yes, He slide his
fully erect cock into my pussy. At first I was shocked that He would allow
Himself to do this so early, but then I thought that perhaps He, too, couldn't
wait for this moment.

He slid in and out of me, pulling further back when my moans acknowledged my
pleasure. Teasing me for what would not be the only time that evening.

Maybe He was disgusted with Himself, that He'd succumbed to my pussy so soon,
but He then decided it was time to go into the bedroom.

He pulled me up by my hair, and stationed me at the very end of the hallway that
lead down to, what I could only imagine was his bedroom. To keep me from
learning anymore than that, He proceeded to blindfold me from behind. Now, it
was black.

To keep me from moving, He applied leather shackles to my ankles. I could only
hear Him now, and I wasn't sure if they were attached by a chain, or a buckle,
but He instructed me not to move. So, I remained still, listening as hard as I
could over my labored breathing to attempt to "see" what was coming next. He
left me to stand there for what seemed like hours.

While He was away, I could hear a click, and then another and then another...a
sound I decided was one of those automatic lighters...He was lighting
candles....

I heard his feet pad down the all towards me, and He told me I was a good girl
for staying put. At that, He unattached my two ankle cuffs from one another, and
attached a leash to my collar. Slowly, He pulled the leash tighter and
instructed me to follow Him down the hall. I had no idea how hard it would be to
walk blindfolded and bound, knowing nothing of where I was being led. It was
almost as if I was walking down a tightrope, taking each step carefully, feeling
my way with only my feet and toes. The hallway seemed miles long.

When we entered the room at the end of the hall, I could still see nothing. He
pushed me forward towards the bed, and told me to spread my legs apart. Keeping
my balance was hard, and it seemed that the further I spread them, the further
apart He wanted them. When I thought I might topple over, He stopped me and
placed a bar between my legs that attached to each of my ankle cuffs. There I
was, quite the picture, I am sure. Blindfolded, arms bound behind my back, legs
spread apart at least 3 feet and held in place by a large metal bar. It was
fantastic. I still shook uncontrollably.

He then told me to bend over onto the bed. And even though I was considerably
lower than before, it was a lot farther down than I thought, and I landed with a
flop. The impact slammed the nipple clamps I had almost forgotten about, hard
against the bed, sending a shooting spike of pain through them. I am sure I
cried out at the surprise of it. At this point, I was having a hard time keeping
my whole foot on the floor, finding it was easier to stand on my tippie toes.
Oh, but that only made my knees quiver harder. I was so petrified of what He was
going to do next, I could feel the wetness in me ooze out of my lips.

Then, came the paddle. As He struck me, he told me what a slut I was for my
pussy being so wet, and He hit me progressively harder until I agreed. The last
smack being almost too intense to be followed by another. He surprised me then,
by flipping the paddle over and softly caressing my sore ass with the other side
of the paddle...it felt like the softest thing that has ever touched my skin. I
was momentarily relieved, but I knew this wouldn't last.

Again, He entered me. Sliding his cock in and out of my wet pussy, telling me
over and over again what a whore I was for being so incredibly wet, but at the
same time pumping faster and harder in me as I begged Him to. When He knew I was
enjoying it too much, He pulled out slowly, backing away, so that I couldn't
attempt to recapture his cock again. It was evil. It was fantastic.

He had told me earlier, that if I wanted to come, I must ask his permission, and
He questioned me now if I had or not. When I said no, He seemed pleased, and
picked up yet another implement to redden my ass.

A riding crop. This He first slid in between my soaking lips and over my clit
before He lashed me with it several times. Each time progressively with more
intensity, until I cried out and He stopped. I can only imagine that's what He
was waiting for.

I cannot put into words how completely erotic it was to be controlled by this
man. I had no choice but to play along with his rules. Even though I found
myself several times going against his wishes, the punishments stung but
ultimately made me feel even more turned on.

At one point, He brought out a whip that had long leathery tails which He
dragged across my back. When I moved, I indicated that it felt good, and He
swatted me with it several times. I liked this one the best. The thought of
actually being whipped and then the feel of the smooth tails of the whip gliding
across my red and swollen skin was like nothing I had ever felt before.

Soon, He moved me from this position, removing the spreader bar, and unclasping
my hands from behind my back. He instructed me to lie down on the bed, on my
back, my head facing towards Him. He then attached my wrist cuffs to something
attached to the bed, and moving around to my feet, He did the same. I was spread
eagle, completely vulnerable and still blindfolded with no idea what I was in
store for next.

That's when, after a few swats to my inner thighs, He finally took my pussy into
his mouth. Oh, it was heavenly. His mouth latched onto my clit, and his fingers
slid in and out of me. I thought I would explode, so I begged Him to please let
me come. And without removing his mouth from my pussy He muffled, "yes!" I let
go, and rode his face and hands until I came in wave after wave, bucking and
writhing on the bed.

"Did you like that, you little whore?" He asked.

"Yes," was about all I could muster at this point.

"Good, then suck your dirty come off my cock, you slut."

Still immobile, He walked around to my side of the bed so that He could slide
his cock into my mouth. It tasted of my juices and I sucked on it as deeply and
hard as I could. "How does it feel that I am fucking your face?" He snipped as I
continued to take in as much of Him as I could until I needed air and He
stopped. "Did you like the taste of your dirty come in your mouth?" Again, I
could barely utter a 'yes'.

Again, He seemed pleased, as He left the room. "Are you hot?" He asked. This
question had too many answers and not one, but many of them would get me in
trouble, so I quickly responded with a 'no'. Apparently my temperature level was
of no concern to Him. He came back into the room with an ice-cold dildo the He
began to roll over my legs and my stomach and my thighs. It felt good and I told
Him so. Then, He began to slide the enormous iced dildo inside of my pussy. The
cold made my muscles contract, not allowing the gigantic thing inside. But He
persisted. I told Him it was too big, and He said, "Nothing is too big for you,
you little slut." I begged Him to please stop, it would go no further, so
graciously He slowly removed it, and rolled it once again over my entire lower
body.

I had been from pain to pleasure, from stinging paddle swats and smooth cooling
dildos. I couldn't even imagine what He could possible have left in his arsenal
that I hadn't already experienced. I was in for a treat.

He unhooked me yet again, and told me to climb up onto the bed on all fours. He
took my right hand and hooked it to the cuff on my right ankle. He repeated with
the left. There I was, face buried into the bed, my ass high in the air,
helpless.

Another good swatting was what I deserved He said, and so He lashed me several
times. The last time was too much and I pleaded with Him to stop. I didn't feel
that I needed to use a "safe" word. He knew by just looking at the welts on my
ass He had sufficiently punished me. I was ready to be fucked again. This time
He fucked me harder and longer than before, but still when He could feel I was
about to come, He backed away, leaving my dripping pussy aching for more. And
just when I thought I was in for more punishment, his cock entered me again.
Fucking me as I screamed out and rammed my hips harder and harder back into his.
He wasn't going to let me come here, no.

He freed my wrists from my ankles, and instructed me to lie down on my back on
the bed, with my head upon the pillow. As best as I could, I moved my body
through the darkness that enveloped me and assumed the position He requested.
Again, I was chained down. Both ankles, both wrists. Splayed wide upon his bed.

He was getting slightly annoyed that my writhing kept loosening my blindfold,
and made it my responsibility to keep it secured no matter what. That was going
to be difficult. But I did my best.

Once I was immobile yet again, He moved away from the bed. It was silent for a
very long time. I tried to breathe as quietly as possible, to use my other
senses to feel out where He was in the room.

"I know you're in here," I said trembling. "Where are you?" I uttered as if I
was a lost little child in a department store who had been separated from her
mommy. He remained quiet and still.

I didn't even feel Him move next to me...maybe He was always there...but the
next thing I felt were his lips kissing mine, and it was glorious. I didn't want
Him to stop. But He pulled away, and as He did I asked it I could please have
some water. It had been hours now of this intense play and I was parched.

Because I asked so nicely, He replied, "Of course you can." And with that He
left to the kitchen.

I could hear Him in there. I could hear Him drop ice on the floor, which I could
only imagine pissed Him off, but He returned, with a glass of water, swirling
the ice around in it so I could hear what it was. Visions of "9 1/2 Weeks" sped
through my head, as I imagined Him drizzling the condensation all over my body
before giving me a drop to drink, or Him sliding an ice cube down the length of
my torso and denying me something to quench my thirst. But I was mistaken.

I could hear Him take a long sip, and his weight leaning on the left side of the
bed. What He did next surprised me to no end. He slowly lowered his mouth to
mine, and let the water in his mouth trickle down into mine. Written here, it
sounds unpleasant, but it was done with such incredible tenderness and care, so
as not to spill a drop. He gave me several sips like this, and each time my
mouth devoured his, my lips licking at his to get it all in my mouth. I had
never in my life felt so close to someone I barely knew. I trusted this man
completely.

No longer thirsty, we went back to the matter at hand. He unhooked my ankles
from the lower bedposts, and proceeded to take my right, then my left ankle and
attach them to the same place my wrists were tied. He marveled at my wide-open
sex and all of the possibilities.

He put his cock in me again, this time employing the use of a vibrator on my
clit while He slammed his shaft deep in and out of me. It was delicious. I
lifted my hips to enjoy more of his wonderful techniques, as I pulled hard on my
wrist restraints. I knew what was coming...and I waited.

When He pulled out, I still wiggled and writhed against my restraints trying to
keep some friction between my lips. While He spoke dirty to me, telling me how I
deserve to be fucked in the ass, I smiled inside, knowing that this is what He
had been waiting for. He was ready to come too, as He had allowed me to so many
times that evening.

He entered my asshole so gently, I wished I could've seen his face. I wanted to
see those eyes rolled back in his head as my tight ass wrapped around his
tortured erection. He fucked me until we both came, screaming noises I had never
heard a man make escaped from his throat, I had Him. Even though, I was the one
tied down to the bed, I now had the power and He wouldn't soon forget it.

But I wasn't to be set free just yet. He unhooked my ankles from above me head,
allowing them to finally lie against the bed, but He left my wrists in place.
With my ankles down, He latched them together once again, and left the room. I
listened carefully again to what He was doing, and I hear the water faucet turn
on in the bathroom. I could hear Him washing his cock off, after fucking me in
the ass, which impressed me, and gave me even more reason to trust this man.

When He returned, He unlatched my ankles, and the next thing I felt was a warm,
wet washcloth cleaning between my legs and my ass. I almost wanted to cry. Here
was this man, who had humiliated me, hurt me, and fucked me, now ever so gently
cleaning away the mess that was made. That was a new erotic high.

Afterwards, He uncuffed my ankles, released my wrists from the bed, and uncuffed
them as well. He removed the nipple clamps, gently kissing and licking each
tender nubbin after removing the clamp. Next He removed my leash, a choke chain
He had put on me sometime earlier, although I could hardly remember when. And
lastly, off came the blindfold.

I was like a newborn baby. Everything was blurry, and even though the room was
only lit by candles, the light was far too bright. He came over onto the bed and
lie down next to me.

I rubbed my eyes to get them to focus, and He began to run his soft hand all
over my body. I hoped He would say something first, because I was completely at
a loss for words.

"Are you okay?" He asked.

"Okay?" I asked quizzically. "Yes, I am wonderful, but I still can't see very
clearly."

His hand continued to move over my skin, "That's okay. It will come back to
normal soon."

I could hardly fathom the tenderness I was feeling from this man. Never in my
life has anyone ever made me feel so incredibly safe, and comfortable and loved.
I was completely at peace. We talked as He stroked my skin, and I noticed his
cock starting to grow again. It didn't take more of an exchange of looks to get
me down there, using all of my knowledge to make this man come again.

When He was about to come, He stopped me and told me to lie back. He fucked me
so hard, I strummed my clit along with his thrusts, and we came again, Him
pulling out in the end, so his come spread all over me. I held onto his cock,
slowly caressing it as He towered over me. Spent. Satisfied.

He asked me if I wanted a drink, and I told Him what I really wanted was a quick
shower. So He showed me into his bathroom, turned on the shower for me, and
provided me with a clean towel. Was this guy for real, or what?

The water felt so good on my tired, sore, satisfied body. I lightly soaped up,
and leaned my head back into the stream, letting the water run through my hair
and down onto my face. From the kitchen He yelled out, I am going to get you a
robe to wear, and I almost fainted as I said thank you.

I finished up in the shower, toweled off, and slipped into the silk robe he
provided. His robe. I hardly thought this incredible evening was real at this
point.

As I came out of the bathroom, He was fixing us a drink. He handed me a glass of
wine and I went to sit in the living room. The leather chair enveloped me, as
the silk robe caressed my skin. The wine only enhanced the feeling. I was on
fire and at the same time, every part of my body was at peace.

He came in and sat down, and we talked. We talked about everything. He rubbed my
foot gently as He spoke, and I tried to learn as much about this man as I could
without prying too much. I even sat there and watched Him smoke a cigarette,
without even a single protest. I wanted this man who was sitting across from me.
He had just given me the best sex of my life, and impressed me in ways no other
man has even come close to. I tried to simply enjoy the moment, but I had a hard
time not wondering when we might do this again.

'Never' wasn't even considered...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ann Onymous


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





