BDSM Library - Training




Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A husband turns his wife into his slave and she devotes herself to him.... wanting to learn all he desires of her.
Slave Training Part I

  He had loved her for a long time now, in fact he couldn't remember much before
her, she had promised herself to him 11 years ago and she had stuck to that
promise.. being there through it all giving him 2 beautiful children. He had
always worked hard to give her whatever she wanted.. she didn't ask for much,
she never was a materialistic person. She ran the house kept things under
control, scheduled appointments and handled the bills she got whatever she
wanted whenever she wanted it she had this way about her that no one could
refuse...especially not him. He didn't know that she was tired of being the one
in charge, tired sometimes of always getting her own way it was too easy for
her. And she didn't know that he was tired of always giving into her tired of
letting her do whatever she wanted whenever she wanted, and he had full
intentions of making that very clear.

  Weeks passed and he talked with an associate  whom he knew was involved in the
lifestyle, writing down everything studying it when he was alone waiting for the
perfect time to make the change to explain to her that he would now be in charge
at least in one aspect of their lives. He made the arrangements ahead of time
knowing exactly what lie in store for her in the weekend ahead, she was clueless
unaware of the plans he had been making for months now. He dropped the kids off
at his parents and left her sleeping to head into the city to pick up some
things he would need to pull this all off. She woke up to find a note on the
pillow beside her...."Kids are spending the weekend with mom and dad had to do
some things will be back in awhile...love you.. Me". She smiled and rolled over
thinking she should take advantage of the peace and quiet...and drifted back to
sleep.

He pulled into the big lot behind the building ,this was an impressive place
windows covered with dark paintings beckoning him to come inside. He walked to
the door barely able to contain his excitement. Knowing the owner personally was
a plus it let him have an advantage of asking numerous questions and getting
real answers from someone experienced in the lifestyle. They discussed the
boundaries, what things he should have to make this experience a learning one,
he found him self awestruck by the number of "tools" the man laid in front of
him and he had to picture how he wanted to her to look in order to make a
decision. After a  couple of hours and a nearly maxed out credit card he headed
towards home. His mind raced wondering what she would think how she would
respond to this request no this demand of total submission that he was about to
throw at her. Oh sure they had dabbled in it a bit but nothing like this nothing
so serious ...so final. He could barely contain himself as he walked to the door
fighting back the mental images of her helpless, lying there for him to do with
as he pleased. He had to pull himself together he was running the show.. and the
idea of having total control suddenly gave him a new sense of power and
importance.

  She was waiting for him curious as to why his face was so flushed and his eyes
danced with fire .he sat her down explaining what he had done what he had bought
and how he wanted things to be. She looked at him with bewilderment not knowing
that he had been contemplating this planning it for so long. He sat awaiting her
response but he got none just a look of curiosity. She was wondering what he was
thinking wondering if she was up for  this total submission that he was
demanding. Before she had a chance to speak he answered for her..."go shower
while I get everything ready and must I remind you that a slave is always clean
shaven for her Master I will be in to inspect it when you are done." She looked
at him and slowly got up to walk towards the bathroom.

  He went about slowly and meticulously setting up everything he had purchased
being sure it was all within easy reach, and the plan unfolded in his mind .He
heard the water shut off in the shower and walked to the bathroom. "Let me see
girl" he said surprising even himself at the tone of his voice. She turned to
him and he looked at her freshly shaved pussy, he made her raise her leg up to
rest on the side of the tub as he looked at her more thoroughly and to complete
the inspection forced her to bend over spreading her legs wide. Satisfied with
what he saw he instructed her to dry off and then come to him. When she did he
placed a blue leather collar on her neck and tightened it "You have been
collared girl I own you now," the words themselves causing Him to feel aroused.
He then placed the blue silks of His slave over her shoulders and they fell over
her body with ease. "A good slave is always ready for her Master to use however
He wishes," He boomed making her look at the floor and not at Him. "We must work
at this as I know you are not able to do the things I wish.."

  He got a firm hold on the metal ring that was looped through the collar on her
neck and pulled her down in front of Him. He forced His throbbing cock into her
mouth pulling hard against her hair forcing Himself into her throat making her
gag. He pulled back quickly bent her over and lashed her several times with a
hard black paddle leaving reddened welts on the pale skin of her ass. "A good
slave accepts her Master without gagging." He yelled pulling her to face Him.
Looking at her in this position she looked so helpless and scared that  it made
Him feel even more powerful and He fed off of it. He laid her down parting the
silks that covered her ample breasts, her nipples stood hard and He grabbed them
twisting them between His fingertips squeezing so hard her eyes welled with
tears, holding them tightly He applied the silver clamps He had bought
tightening them until she winced out loud. He smacked her mouth "Quiet girl!"
Next He removed the silks exposing her completely He spread her legs wide and
immediately slipped a finger into the tight pinkness that awaited him, she
gasped out loud. He arose quickly grabbed the gag He had bought and forced it
into her mouth. "Silence is golden little one.' He smiled and returned His
attention to her pink wetness. He attached the restraints He had chosen oh so
carefully to her ankles pulling her legs apart putting her in a position of
complete vulnerability her pussy exposed, He rammed two fingers inside of her
and then satisfied pulled them out. Next would be what He had waited for her
tight sweet ass....  He had never been able to have true anal sex with her He
had managed to slip the head of His cock in a few times but that was as far as
it had gotten seeing her writhing around in pain was more then He could stand
and He had stopped but now ,now it was different  - now He could do whatever He
wanted she was His to use as He see fit. He pushed his finger in quickly causing
her body to tremble but she lay there helpless unable to move or protest He
inserted another finger  and He could see the pain in her eyes and He smiled as
a tear streamed down her cheek. He could see the pain was also causing her
pleasure as the pinkness of her freshly shaved pussy began to glisten with
wetness. He knew what He needed to do how many times He had thought about seeing
this ,he grabbed the anal device that lay next to His leg and pushed it hard
into her ass feeling the resistance as her muscles tightened in protest...  He
pushed harder and smiled at the sight of it "Ahhh what a good little slut you
are." He stood up and looked at her lying there taking in this moment as if it
was exactly as He had planned it... of course it was....but only He knew that.
He leaned over grabbing her by the throat and pulled her up to remove the gag
from her mouth. "Open up girl," He demanded as He shoved His cock into her
throat fucking her mouth hard and fast, He reached down and pushed  the device
that was firmly placed in her ass as He felt the urge rise from deep within,  He
smiled at her  and His cum spurted violently down her throat forcing her to
swallow it. He pulled his still hard cock from her mouth and wiped the cum off
of it onto her face. She laid back silent as He slid his hand down to her pussy
finding her throbbing clit taking it between His fingers He pinched it hard she
bit her lip to keep from crying out in pain. He released His hold on her and
gently ran His fingers around and around tracing light circles on her now
swollen clit and with the other hand pulled the plug from her ass. She sighed
with relief . "Feels better I take it.. well the relief is only temporary slave
we must ready your ass for Me to use as I wish." And she cringed as she saw the
larger device He had that he was sliding down to her tight ass His fingers still
working on her clit she felt the urge to release building inside of her and He
could see it in her eyes, "Remember girl a good slave does not release until
given permission." He felt His own arousal growing again as He pressed the
bigger device to her tight ass, seeing it alone was enough to make Him want to
cum, and the resistance He felt this time was much harder then before  He knew
how painful this was going to be for her. "Lay still girl and don't open your
mouth bite your lip till it bleeds if you must but do not utter a sound you must
build a tolerance if you are to please Me." Pushing against the resistance He
felt her body tremble with the desire to release and saw the tears streaming
down her face from the pain He was about to inflict on her. "Release now slave."
He demanded and as she did He rammed into her ass as she came with tears now
pouring from her eyes.
He would never hurt her never lay a hand on her not in any other way but this
well this was different and they had discussed boundaries and the codeword to be
used if she wanted it to stop she hadn't and He knew that even with all the pain
He was causing her that she still loved Him, still wanted to please Him. He
stood up and took a long look at what lay before Him, and walked out to get
Himself a drink leaving her lying there restrained and helpless. He returned to
find her lying there unable to escape His hands, His lips, His cock. He bent
down over her and asked "How does it feel to be a slave, to be used, to be here
strictly for My pleasure... do you like it?" "It hurts Master" was her reply
with that He reached down and pushed harder on her ass "Does it hurt now slave?"
And He quickly shoved the gag back into her mouth. He reached down to spread her
pussy open seeing the pink wetness He couldn't resist he rammed 4 fingers inside
of her pushing hard to get them in and He watched her face as He used her He
reached up with his other hand and pulled hard on the clamps that were tightly
attached to her now red and swollen nipples. He felt her wetness begin to spasm
around His fingers knowing she would not be able to hold back much longer. He
moved His hand down to her ass pulling out the device and in place of it pushed
2 fingers into the tightness  while His other hand fucked her pussy. "Release
slave release" and she did. He pulled his fingers away still working on her ass
and He wiped the cum from his fingers onto her chest.

She lay there spent unable to even lift her head but knowing that He wasn't done
with her.

  He rolled her over pushing the head of His cock against her He could feel the
resistance against His throbbing sex and He spread her ass wide watching the
head push into the tightness disappearing." Arch your back slave," He yelled and
she did He grabbed her hair for leverage and rammed His cock all the way into
her ass causing so much pain her body was shaking uncontrollably. He fucked her
ass harder ramming His cock in and out watching it disappear into the tightness
again and again. Finally no longer being able to hold back He felt the warmth of
His release as He sunk Himself deep inside of her. He watched as He pulled
himself out of her seeing the white cum dripping from her red swollen ass.

  He was pleased with the progress they had made and what they had accomplished
in this first session of slave breaking, He would continue to break her and she
would do whatever it took to make Him happy just as she always had.




Part II

When time allowed the training continued, her body becoming conditioned to His
liking. They were now delving into punishment....the more He learned the more He
expected of her and the times when she could not meet His expectations were
times when punishment was administered. His desire for her to know what would
happen to her if she disobeyed outweighed His fear of harming her and He worked
her  over hard.

"Come here slave ," He ordered. She crawled to Him and knelt at His feet. "Now
stand and remove your silks." She did and the silks glided off of her into a
pile on the floor." You know what to do now slave." And she did grabbing her
ankles with both hands bent over exposing herself to Him in the way in which He
now expected. He slapped the long black flog against His palm making a loud
CRACK! and circled round her like a creature would circle its prey. His hand
rubbed her cheeks and then pulled them apart so He could look at her....He
leaned over to hiss in her ear..."What are you?...." She swallowed hard "your
slave Sir". "He looked at her disgusted "I cannot hear you louder cunt." "I am
your slave SIR" she exclaimed. "Yes you are aren't you  and what must a slave do
for her Master?" "Whatever He wishes her to do Sir." He grabbed her hair
wrenching her back to look at Him. "And why must you learn to accept punishment
slave?" "Because I will never be perfect Sir and i will disappoint You and when
i do i must be punished." And with that He brought the flog down on her bare ass
with a thunderous CRACK, again....CRACK...bringing His arm back as far as He
could He let loose with another sending a jolt through her body but still she
remained... again another with all of His might CRACK, she cried out this time
the pain too much for her to bear, her ass burning now radiated the pain through
her entire body. The heat coming from the welts He had left upon her reached His
hand as He held it just above her cheeks. "I am satisfied with that slave,
remain standing." Her legs trembled from the flogging He had just given her, He
stood back to admire His markings and smiled to Himself. Knowing this girl was
His now, He owned her. She was His property and she too knew what this meant.
She stood there bent over her legs shaking now uncontrollably as He admired His
property from across the room. " I must shower now little slave, you shall kneel
while I am gone." and she did.


Part III

 He returned to find her kneeling as He had left her. He could see her wetness
glistening.


"So the little slave slut is wet I see." She nodded her head....."And she wishes
to release I presume."

"Oh yes Sir yes please" she begged....SMACK His hand made its mark on her mouth.
"NO you will not feel pleasure this minute... this minute you will pleasure Me
you will feel the wrath of your Master." He arose from His seat "stand girl" She
stood before Him trembling...."why do you tremble slave...is it because you fear
Me is that why?" She swallowed hard "yes Sir this girl knows the wrath of Him
and she fears what is to come." "It is good that you fear Me slave but know
this.... the only pain I inflict is pain you deserve.. do you wish to make Me
happy girl?"  "Yes Sir." "Then assume the position of scrutiny girl before you
try on My patience." She bent over grasping an ankle in each hand she felt Him
behind her His finger tracing down to her ass...the red welts still there from
the flogging He had given her earlier that she had so graciously received. He
slapped her hard where the skin was the most tender and she cried out in pain
"Does that hurt you girl?"   "Yes Sir it does thank You." He walked to the front
of her and grabbed a handful of her dark hair pulling her to His eye
level..."She has been a good slave today hasn't she..........HASN'T she?" He
yelled. 'Yes Sir this girl has tried to be"...."Yes yes she has indeed.. I
believe you deserve some comfort before I inflict any more pain on you slave."
She dare not respond as she felt His hand on the most tender of the spots He had
left and He rubbed it gently. "Now I will use your ass slave is that clear?" She
winced at the thought of the pain it would cause but responded "Yes Sir thank
You." Sliding His finger down to her pink wetness He slid it in and then out
then in again deeper this time He could see the little pink bud beginning to
swell. "be ready for Me girl," and He rammed His hardness against the resistance
of her ass taking no care this time ,He sunk it deep into her.. hearing her cry
out only made Him thrust harder. He felt the urge building inside of His groin
and released into her the warmth rushing into her making her wince and cry out.
"Do you wish to release now slave?" "Yes Sir yes please i do." "Then beg for it
...beg like the slut that you are." "Please Sir please may this girl release
please..."  "Release girl release," He commanded as His fingers found the pink
swollen bud pinching it hard causing the orgasm to wreak havoc on her body  her
legs trembling almost unable to stand.

He stood quickly...."return to your place at My feet slave." And she did
kneeling before Him.





Part IV

 He looked at her and gently lifted her chin so her eyes met His "Now we will
sleep girl for tomorrow will be a full day." He arose and she followed crawling
behind Him. Only after He was comfortable and covered in the giant bed was she
allowed to join him on nights when they were alone in the house the routine was
the same she was given a small corner of the bed to sleep on with no pillow and
no blanket, she slept nude always available to His needs, He had stripped her of
her silks as well telling her she would have to prove that she deserved to wear
them. She would have to earn privileges  and luxuries she was not yet deserving
of these things. He used their time  carefully as it was often limited and He
wanted to fit in all that He could. She knew this and obliged His every demand
she had no choice in the matter she had devoted herself to Him pledged her
obedience...and so she slept nude in the room He kept cool on purpose knowing
the discomfort it would cause her.

The sunlight streaming through the window awoke her, she tried to move and found
herself unable to, somehow He had managed to tie her to the bed restraining her
arms and legs without waking her His touch so gentle she had never even stirred.
She tried desperately to move but couldn't her arms stretched out high above her
head and her legs tied at the ankles so she lay there splayed out spread eagle
on the bed. She strained to hear any noise any sign that someone was there with
her in the house but heard nothing but silence and the beat of her heart in her
ears.




Part II

    The silence He had left her in weighed heavy on her mind and she layed there
helpless her mind racing...wondering if this was punishment for some unknown
mistake she had made or if it was a mere mind game. She smiled to herself
........... someone from the outside someone not knowing of their relationship
their love for each other might think the situation abusive, humiliating but
they didnt know , didnt understand the love they shared. This new chapter in
their lives had only brought them closer she had given up all of herself to Him,
trusting Him with her body, her very soul. The sound of footsteps in the hall
quickly brought her out of the clouds of thought that filled her head. She heard
the door open not daring to look. "Good morning My slave I trust this day finds
you well rested?" "Yes Sir it does." He walked to her "raise your eyes to Me
girl," his fingers holding her chin, "you know how much I love you dont you
slave?" "Yes Master and I you." "So you know if this has become too much for
your soul to bear all you must do is surrender,  say the safeword and it will
all end now, I am giving you the choice and it is yours to make. But, you must
know if you choose to continue I will only expect more of you want more of you."
She lay there only for a mere second and looked to Him, " no Sir i do not want
it to end, I wish only to please You." And she knew the words she spoke were
true her desire, her need to be owned by Him erasing any of the doubts that she
may have had. He smiled down at her lovingly for even through His harshness His
deep love for her could not be hidden. " Very well then I will release your
bindings you will shower and put on the garments that I will lay out for you and
you will meet Me below." Her mind raced ...below?Below referred to the room He
had created just for them with a hidden access panel in the darkest recesses of
the basement, full of restraints devices He used only when the most serious of
breaking was to occur. He undid her and she moved quickly to the shower her
heart pounding knowing it may be a very long day her knees trembling in fear of
what was to come and yet the need to know.. to feel... had already taken over
her body. She would hurry not wanting to keep Him waiting. She scrubbed herself
thoroughly and stepped out into the steamy room only to find a huge fluffy towel
and very skimpy lacy underthings she gasped, "Luxuries?Does He feel I have
earned the right of luxuries?" She questioned His reasoning no further and went
about getting into the garments she slid the cool silk of the thong up her legs
and it rested between her cheeks making her shiver, she closed the metal clasp
of the bra which only forced her ample breasts upward making them appear larger
then they already were. She wiped the steam from the mirror and looked at her
reflection her lips red, her cheeks flushed with the anticipation of what was to
come, "Oh no," she thought to herself  " I would not end this...not for the
world."


    She dropped to her knees outside the door of the room. Head bowed she spoke,
"May this girl enter Sir?" "Yes and crawl to Me quickly girl." She did the floor
cold,  hard and damp on her bare knees."Now stand slave." She stood before Him
thrusting her already bulging chest nearly out of the bra completely, her  legs
spread shoulder width apart only allowed the silky material to slide farther
into the smooth recess of her ass. He circled round' her a look of appreciation
on His face. "And what have you to say for these garments that I have given you
slave?" "Oh this girl thanks You Sir, I did not know You thought me worthy of a
luxury such as this...." "QUIET slut! You have gained some rights...rights that
I may or may not choose to allow you but you have not yet gained the right to
blabber on I simply expected an answer to my question." He reached to her
quickly placing a leash through the loop of the collar that circled her neck He
pulled hard dragging her back to the floor.She fell onto her knees biting her
lip. "Today we will see what you deserve slave how devoted you really are today
you will prove that you will allow Me to do anything to you...anything without
question." He pulled her towards the restraint table at the center of the room
forced her up onto it "lay on your back girl and spread your legs do not move."
He quickly expertly wrapped her legs in the restraints so she was open, her
tight pinkness sprawled out before Him. "Ahhh yes," He said placing His mouth so
close to her thighs the heat reached her pussy causing it to become wet
instantly. He laughed out loud making her blush " always eager for My touch
arent you slave no matter what the cost." She nodded "yes Sir I am." "Good then
you wont mind today at all then." She felt His hands pulling at the ,material
that bound her chest so tightly and He pulled her nipples out over the top of
the bra exposing the clamps and the hardness that they heldfast , He grabbed
both and gave a quick tug knowing the pain was unbearable the nipples so tender
from days of being clamped the slightest tug was excruciating. She winced in
pain but did not cry out knowing to do so would only cause more. He then slid
His fingers into her mouth pushing them far down her throat and yet she did not
gag she held the reflex stopped it from happening, next His hand worked down
between her thighs slipping a finger into the moist slit and then plunging it
into her deeply He pulled it out and pushed in another,  then 3,  when He forced
her to take 4 it was all she could bear and she cried out.His hand landed hard
on her cheek ,"Silence!" He continued sliding His fingers in and out pumping
them harder as her body began to relax the tensing of the muscles around His
fingers alerted him to the fact that she was on the verge. He stopped abruptly
and pulled His fingers out sliding all 4 of them into her mouth making her clean
them. He placed a cold lubricant on 2 of His fingers she could feel the cold
slickness as He pressed against the closed bud of her ass He waited for nothing
and pushed His fingers deep inside her probing, pulling,stretching the pain from
this was most excruciating of all but she dare not move for doing so would
surely lead to a fate much worse then this. He climbed up so His cock dangled
over her mouth making her thrash back and forth for it like an animal,"What do
you want slave ...tell me what you want?" She was embarassed humiliated but she
so wanted His cock in her mouth. "I want you in my mouth Sir". "What slave do 
you want what in your mouth," He asked,  already knowing the answer. "I want
Your cock in my mouth Sir,please please let me have it Sir." "WHy do you want it
slave why??" She took a deep breath knowing what He wanted to hear, "because I
am a slut slave Sir and I want to suck Your cock to make You cum in my mouth to
please You." There she had said it her cheeks burned with shame. "Very well then
cunt open your mouth." And He rammed His shaft hard into her throat feeling it
hit the back of her mouth rapidly jerking it in and out. She sucked it hard as
He pumped her mouth His groin plunging into her face until finally He let out a
low groan "Look at Me slut look at Me as You swallow My cum." And she did as He
pumped all of His juice into her throat. He held it there being sure that every
last bit had been expelled. Pulling out of her mouth He wiped His still hard
shaft across her face. He stood next to her head at the table His hand now
reaching to grasp her throat..."You trust Me slave dont you," he hissed. "Yes
Sir yes I trust You ," she said in a whisper. His grip tightened squeezing the
breath from her,  her face turning pink and then  red but she did not resist did
not struggle, trusting Him to release his grasp as his other hand found the
sensitive nipple pulling on the clamp twisting it He released her throat and she
gulped the air into her lungs. He stood back admiring His conquest, His
possession. " Now slave you have earned my mark. She looked at Him "Sir?" He
smiled she could feel it and she heard a deep throaty laugh one that made her
skin tingle, "My mark slave," He whispered, "the mark that makes You mine
forever." He turned and walked towards the wall grabbing a small piece of metal
He held it down in front of her face so she could take a closer look it was
small, the size of a quarter but it was legible it was His initials."This will
be heated red hot and I will touch it to your skin, so even when we are apart
even when we cannot be as we are now you will always remember who owns you." She
tried to protest tried to beg Him not to , the pain would be too unbearable, but
the protesting did no good as He swiftly manuevered a thick leather strap into
her mouth, "bite down slave, bite through it if you must but do not make a sound
if you do the branding will begin all over again." He held a candle to the metal
close to her face so she could watch it see it turn a blazing orange... He
walked to her side pushing her so her ass was exposed and with one quick motion
pushed the metal to her,  melting her skin, she could smell her flesh being
melted, feel the pain as the metal burnt through her skin layer by layer, she
bit down hard on the strap her whole body trembling. The pain so intense she
felt as if she would pass out and suddenly it was over, the heat moving away
from her cheek. He walked to the wall and returned with a cool cloth placing it
over her burning skin. "Ahh that, now that is a thing of beauty, " He said. He
undid the ties that bound her and ordered her to stand, He walked behind her and
she felt the coolness of her silks as He placed them ever so carefully over her
head and they fell around her fitting her perfectly. He lifted her chin ever so
gently with his finger raising her eyes to His... " you are Mine now girl Mine
forever, and things will be easier  now at least when I decide for them to be
but just remember your place, remember who owns you." And with that he swept her
off her feet laying her down on the floor where they made love and she
surrendered herself to Him again as she always would..............




The Training Continues


    Days and weeks went by and their daily lives resumed, they had limited time
alone but when they did they spent it alone in the room below. She worked hard
to not disappoint Him and He was generally pleased with her performance however
there was always more to learn, mistakes to correct. He reveled in the time they
had alone, the time that He could spend training her. Now they had the weekend
alone, and the plans He had were big.... bigger then ever before it would be the
true test of her submission. She had been so easy to train,  so willing to
please, so easily broken and yet He knew this... the plans that He had made
would prove just how successful His training had been.

    He had made it clear that she was to be kneeling, naked when He got home
from work. The day couldn't end quick enough, He needed to get to her, to remind
her what she was, who she belonged to. They shared a mutual need.. each other -
her need to be owned, controlled by him and his need to own her, control her.
His hands gripped the steering wheel as his mind quickly played through the
plans he had so carefully made...it would prove to be the ultimate test..... the
true evaluation of her devotion.

    She heard the car pull in the driveway and kneeled carefully at the foot of
His chair. The kneeling was second nature to her now it came naturally, and she
was always sure that the mark He had given her, His mark of ownership..... was
clearly visible. She knelt quietly her back arched pushing her tits out farther
and her knees spread exposing the freshly shaved pinkness between her thighs,
her hair falling in curls down her back the ends just reaching the small of her
back ending just inches above where He had placed His mark. She knelt in silence
waiting.......She could here the water running through the pipes over her head
knowing He must be showering and she waited.

    The door opened and her gaze fell to the floor she knew it was Him could
feel His eyes on her immediately evaluating her position being sure she was
where He had told her to be. His footsteps moved closer and His hand slowly
reached down to caress her face. The touch of His fingers on her face making
chills rise in her body. She longed to feel His touch to know she pleased Him.
"Did you miss Me girl?" He asked quietly. "Yes Sir as always," she said in
almost a whisper. He leaned down to whisper in her ear "Lets get started then
shall we...." He knew His hot breath on her neck and ear would cause her
pleasure and he laughed when he saw her nipples harden. "Always the eager little
slave aren't you girl?" He laughed and took His seat in the chair. She knelt at
His feet waiting. "Crawl around a bit for me girl, and be sure your position is
correct, or I will correct it for you." "Yes Sir." She began crawling being sure
her ass was high in the air and her gaze never left the floor. CRACK! She felt
the crop come down on her ass. "Stop! What are you doing wrong girl?" She
stopped and thought quickly desperately trying to think of what she had done
wrong. before she could answer his hand was between her thighs cupping her pussy
hard "Lift up girl I will not tolerate slouching or laziness." And he pulled her
hard towards the ceiling, taking her breath away. "Yes Sir..." And she realigned
her body and continued to crawl. "Crawl to the table girl and wait for Me." She
crawled quickly not wanting to upset Him and stayed there on all fours waiting
for Him. "Rise slave and position yourself on the table so you can be secured."
"Yes Sir," she replied quickly,  this was one of her favorite positions to be
in... tied tightly to the table secured with thick leather straps unable to
move, to resist. His hands worked quickly,  expertly positioning her hands high
above her head and securing her ankles so she was vulnerable laying there
splayed out on the table, "Nice very nice.... this tends to be one of My
favorite positions slave," He said His hands running up and down her body, "you
are at My disposal to do with as I wish and this position in particular leaves
you so helpless." He laughed making her wince. "And best of all," He grabbed her
chin forcing her eyes to meet His, " I can see every reaction on your face."




The Ultimate Test

Her eyes widened when she saw the look in His it was a look she was not
accustomed to and she didn't like it. It was a look of desire, of need,  and yet
burning under that somewhere deep within Him she could see something more
something that made her tremble. "Look at Me girl," and He took her face in His
hands, "do you trust Me, do you know that I would never let anyone ruin you,
ruin My property?" She looked at Him , "Yes Sir I know." "Good then the next 48
hours should be no problem for you slave." He released His grip on her and
walked back to sit in His chair. She waited hoping He would explain it, tell her
what was going to happen but she heard nothing only silence...He quickly rose
and walked towards her shoving a gag into her mouth and tightening it harshly
behind her head. "W/we will practice,... practice until you cannot take anymore
and then W/we will go to bed, and begin again in the morn, for you must not
dissappoint Me slave, I will not tolerate anything less then perfection." She
nodded a tear falling from her eye what had she done? Or what was it that was so
important that He demanded perfection? She worried maybe this was more then she
could handle what if she failed Him...dissappointed Him...the fears tumbled
around in her head and she lay there silent unable to move, wondering what His
plans were. She would do anything, anything to please Him to make Him happy all
he had to do was tell her.

He broke the silence startling her. "You see girl this weekend W/we will be
entertaining guests, the person who taught Me everything I know is coming to
visit, to evaluate, to see if I am as successful as I believe I have been. He is
coming to watch you to see what you are , who you belong to and to see that you
will do whatever I tell you to do regardless of your own feelings, to see that
you are Mine." He laughed a little and she thought it to be odd, unless He could
see the terror in her eyes that she was trying to hide. "Whats the matter slave
you seem to be concerned...dont be...although I expect you to be devoted to Me
and only Me this is an exception and while He is here you will do as you are
told whether the orders come from Me or from Him, He knows your limits I have
kept Him well informed. And you are going to make me proud slave, for if you
dont the punishment you will receive will be far worse then even I can fathom at
this point, do I make myself clear?" She was silent the gag pressed hard into
her flesh. "I said do I make myself clear girl?!" He yelled, His hand grasping
her face tightly. She nodded as her body trembled. How could He do this? How
could He bring some stranger into their home and let Him see what she had turned
into....the thought racing through her head made her cry harder and she began to
sob, silently through the gag. Her tears streaming freely down her face. "There
will be no more crying girl, I will not allow anyone to hurt you and you will
not embarass Me by crying is that clear?" She nodded. "If you are devoted to Me
as you claim to be this will be no different then any other day, you will do as
you are told without hesitation without doubt trusting Me with your body....your
soul." He turned from her and walked to the closet, she could hear Him but dare
not turn her head to look.

"Ahhh yes we will need many things to prepare for this, and it will be painful
and maybe nearly impossible but you will do it regardless..you will obey Me." He
walked quickly back to the table looking her up and down she could feel His eyes
staring...looking right through her. "You tremble before Me slave and yet your
body..my body...it deceives you does it not?" He asked quietly removing the gag
from her mouth and observing her flesh as it rippled watching her nipples
harden, running His hand down her taught stomach reaching the top of her thigh
and plunging between her legs to feel the wetness that was building. Bringing
His hand back He slid His fingers into her mouth, "Clean them." And she licked
her cum from His fingers, wrapping her tongue around them. "Yes your body
decieves you." He smiled and walked back to His chair. The aching that was
building inside of her deep in her made her hips move in the most provocative
way, being restrained to the table she found herself wanting to be released
wishing He would have left His fingers inside of her just a bit longer. He
watched as her need took over as her hips pushed against the bindings that held
her fast to the table. "Always the eager little slut arent you...no matter what
the consequences. You need to be touched dont you?" "Yyyes Sir, " she stammered.
"Then beg for it, beg like I have taught you." "Please Sir please let me
release, make me release I need to so badly my body aches yearns for Your
touch." He looked to her and smiled, "Not yet...oh no not quite yet." He lifted
His hand to show her the fake cock He held it was large larger then she had had
before...."You can fuck this, but its going to hurt sliding into that tight
little pussy of yours, however if you want it bad enough you'll take it." Her
chest heaved and her breathing quickened. "Can you take it... no matter you have
no choice." And His hand guided it to the wetness dripping from between her
thighs, "and remember I hate whining." He spread her lips open looking at the
wetness that pooled before Him, her hole so small so tight, all of the muscle
training he forced her to do obviously working. He smiled knowing how much this
was going to hurt her but also knowing she would take it because He had told her
to. He pressed it against her hot wetness and watched as her body began to
tremble He pushed hard and fast and watched it sink into her stretching her
open, her mouth silently pleading wanting to cry out but no sound escaping. He
slowly began driving it in and out watching it disappear over and over again,
watching her muscles tense gripping it hard. "How does it feel slave...tell me?"
She was afraid if she allowed herself to answer she would cry out in pain but
knew she must, "It hurts Sir...it hurts." "He rammed it into her hard and held
it there. "What?What did you say slut?" Her mind raced ..."I mean thank You Sir
thank You for fucking me with it Sir." "Thats right girl and tell Me how it
feels." "It feels good Sir, I like it I need something in there sinking into my
wetness." She began to relax and the pain although still present was turning
into pleasure, she could feel the cum dripping from her pussy sliding down her
thighs and into the crevice of her ass. Little moans were now escaping her
throat and her body ached hungered for more...."Oh Please Sir please dont
stop,please!!!" She was begging Him now..begging Him to fuck her with this cold
hard slab of rubber and He loved it. He could see her muscles tensing and knew
she was so close..just as quickly as He had started He pulled it out of her.
"Now now dont want it to end not yet we have a long night ahead of us slave." 
She moaned feeling as if her clit might burst if she was not allowed to cum
soon. "Whats the matter have I not taught you well enough to know that you will
not release until I tell you to release, you know the rules girl, you know I
would never let you release so soon.Now I am going to untie you I want you to
stand and assume the position of scrutiny." As soon as she felt the straps fall
loose she stood quickly not wanting to anger Him. She bent over grasping an
ankle with both hands. "Ahhh yes look at those nice tight holes, even after
being used and stretched it still tightens back up doesnt it slave?" "Yes Sir
thank You Sir." He walked behind her pacing back and forth, "My concern though
is that maybe this tight little hole, " pushing a finger hard into her ass, "may
not loosen up quite enough, maybe we should work on that what do you think
slut?" Her legs trembled it was painful for her to have His finger so far in her
ass and even more painful when He worked to loosen it but she knew there could
only be one answer. "Yes Sir it is tight."...he waited "And what do you propose
we do about that girl?" He asked wanting her to say it to hear the words come
from her mouth. "You should do as You wish to loosen it Sir despite any
discomfort it may cause me." "Very good idea I think thats an appropriate
answer." He walked to the side of her she could feel His breath on her back as
He leaned over, she felt His finger slide out and then felt the coldness of the
lubrication he applied, "Take a deep breath slave and hold it." She sucked in as
much air as she could knowing it would take all of her self control to keep from
screaming, as she did He rammed the large device deep into her ass this one
hurt...hurt more then ever before and she felt as if she might pass out..."Hurts
does it? yes this is a bit bigger then what you are used to slave but you will
tolerate it I am sure. Now stand." She tried to stand as carefully as possible
every movement making her feel as if she was being ripped wide open. "Now walk I
want to see you walk with your ass so full slave." She walked carefully across
the room. "Now drop to your knees and crawl back to me." She crawled quickly.
"Now I will use that wet pussy slave and when I say,  you will release, you will
be full your pussy with My cock and your ass with that painful device and you
will know what it feels like to be my slut." He threw her back onto the floor
and slid His cock deep inside of her the feeling of being full was more then she
could stand and she was ready to orgasm within minutes He made her wait, pumping
away feeling the tightness pressing into His cock from her ass, His thumb
rubbing her clit and stoppping when He knew she was on the edge, "Look at Me
girl, look in My eyes so I can pump you full of my cum." She looked at Him saw
His muscles tense and felt  the heat as His cum rushed into her, then and only
then did His thumb go back to her throbbing clit rubbing gently , "Ask me, ask
me if you can cum, " he said. "Please Master, please may I cum please....." She
was begging Him now begging Him to let her release the tension built up inside
of her. "Look at Me girl, look at Me and cum." Her eyes once again met His as
she felt her orgasm building thinking her clit would surely burst, just when she
could not take it a moment longer her body trembled, releasing, the orgasm
rocking her enitre being. He got off of her, "Clean My cock!" And her mouth made
its way to it sliding her lips down to the base and back up tasting her own cum
and savoring every drop of His she cleaned Him. "Now clean up and crawl to
bed....tomorrow starts a new day and our guest will be arriving tomorrow night.
Oh and girl keep that plug in your ass it is to remain there until I remove it."
She nodded, cleaning herself with the towel He had handed her. "Now come slave
for now we rest."




The Test Continues

 The time seemed to slip by and she awoke to find Him standing over her with His
whip in His hand. "Wake up slut! We will be busy today." And with that she felt
her skin burn as He brought the whip down across her chest hitting her nipples
and making her cry out in pain. "Silence there will be no whimpering, no whining
and you will not beg unless I tell you to, now take your punishment."
SNAP...SNAP He laid into her bare flesh His hand rising farther above His head ,
"Look at Me girl, look at Me while I whip you and beg...beg Me to punish you for
any mistakes you may make today." She looked up at His face, "Please Sir please
punish me for any disappointment that I may cause You today, whip me." She saw
the whip coming at her and it landed with a deafening SNAP right across her
thighs. "Thank You Sir thank You for punishing me." He smiled down at her, his
cock hard from inflicting the pain. "Very good slave now open your mouth." His
cock was in her throat before she knew what had happened she sucked, sliding her
lips up and down His now throbbing shaft, moving her tongue up and down. She
felt His muscles tense and He pulled out shooting His cum all over her face,
"Very nice just what a good slut should look like. Now get up and clean yourself
and meet Me below and I must warn you I am in no mood for disobedience today
girl no mood at all..." He walked out quickly leaving her alone. She went
quickly to the shower knowing any time she wasted would lead to punishment. She
washed thouroughly and shaved being sure the pinkness between her legs was
smooth.

 He waited below and heard her coming down the steps."I must be mistaken I
thought I heard footsteps...slaves dont walk they crawl!" She hurried back to
the top of the steps before He could see her and she dropped to her knees
knwoing how hard it was to crawl down the steps she carefully began her ascent
to the room below. Reaching the threshold she waited. "You may enter slave and
crawl to the chains." She swallowed hard knowing the chains were used for one
thing only...to suspend her from the ceiling while He used her body, poking and
prodding in every crevice. She crawled quickly and stopped the silver glow from
the chains glimmering before her made her body start to tremble. She felt Him
standing over her could hear His breathing. "Rise slave and keep your eyes to
the floor." She stood before Him and she felt the leather cuffs being strapped
tightly around her wrists and ankles and the cold chain that encircled her neck
was attached to a hook on the wall she knew this was His ace in the hole for the
chain would tighten around her neck if she resisted even in the slightest. Sweat
began to bead on her neck she was scared but remained still as he hoisted her up
her toes barely reaching the floor her legs spread wide, her arms stretched high
above her head pushing her tits out as far as her back would allow. "Hmmm now
what a site this is," He chuckled as He circled around her, "W/we have exactly
12 hours to prepare before our guest arrives and then you will remain awake for
24 hours servicing Us as We see fit.....where to begin..where to begin." His
footsteps boomed like thunder as He paced back and forth circling her. "Ahh yes
I see the plug is still in your ass slave, how does it feel." She was afraid to
answer with the truth..."It feels good Sir thank You." Not wanting to tell him
how badly it ached and how she had wanted to take it out hours ago. "Does it now
well maybe we should use a bigger one?" She winced "No Sir no please do not I
cannot take anything else in my ass today Sir." He laughed loudly "Well you will
slave and it may be bigger it may not be but you will and you will enjoy it wont
you?" He waited for an answer..."Wont you!!!!?" He yelled His hand landing hard
across her ass. "Yes Sir I will." "Correct you will and I believe now would be
as good a time as any to get started." He slid the plug from her ass it hurt so
badly she couldnt help but moan, the pain radiating from her tight hole up her
spine. "I am going to inspect our work slave and I am sure you will enjoy it."
She felt His hands spread her cheeks apart and felt Him prodding at her,  the
hole swollen and sore.She gasped as she felt 2 of His fingers push against the
tightness, she often wondered if maybe the tension building muscle tightening
she did only made things worse for her yet she knew He wanted her tight."Oh yes
still tight even after all of that not unbearably tight but still tight." His
fingers moved in and out and he watched as her ass tightened gripping his
fingers. She knew His eyes were on her which made her feel so humilated yet as
her face burned with shame she could feel the wetness growing between her
splayed out thighs. Like He could read her mind she gasped when His other hand
slid through her wet slit. He laughed a bit "Always the eager one...." and his
voice trailed off. She felt his fingers glide into the wetness of her pussy
first 2 then 3. She was full it felt so good and she needed it so badly. His
hands worked in and out fucking her holes and her body tensed he watched as the
wetness ran down his hand knowing she would not be able to hold out much longer.
His pace slowed and his thumb found her clit, he rammed His fingers far into her
ass and she gasped the pain unbearable but making her only want it
more...without thinking her hips began to grind as she hung there unable to move
away from His touch. The chain around her neck tightened reminding her to stay
still. "Master i cant control my urge...please ..please may I release?" She was
begging Him again begging Him to let her cum. "No slave and if you do I will use
the cane on your body in places that will swell and bleed." The torture of her
throbbing clit making her head spin, she had to hold back.. had to
wait....."Look at me slut....you like this dont you having your holes filled,
your wetness dripping from you...you cant get enough of it can you...can you?!"
"No Sir I cannot I cant help it cant stop it I need your fingers inside of me
wish you would fuck me." And with that the movement stopped and she watched in
horror as He pulled His fingers out of her smiling knowing how badly she was
aching. "Now you can hang there for a bit while I eat my breakfast and maybe if
you are lucky when I am done I will allow you to eat." He walked away leaving
her there, unable to move and dripping...the wetness now sliding down her thighs
she could see it glistening and she groaned.

It seemed like hours he was gone finally she heard his footsteps on the stairs.
Her eyes dropped to the floor immediately not wanting to anger him. Her stomach
grumbled at the thought of food."Well I am full what a delightful meal it was,
too bad you couldnt join Me girl." Her grumbling stomach got His attention and
he walked to her placing His hand on her navel, "Hungry are you?" She nodded
"Yes Sir I am." "Well lets see there are some leftovers I suppose I could feed
you but how will you eat suspended in air?" He paced back and forth pondering
the situation. "Ahh I have a solution..." He walked to the closet and came back
with a whip with a small leather loop on the end, "Now for every bite you take I
will whip your pussy, I will not feed you until you receive your first whipping
and once you start to groan or whine I will stop feeding you is that clear?" She
nodded in agreement willing to do anything to get some food in her empty
stomach. The whip landed against her wetness with a splat. He raised the spoon
to her lips and as the first bite of food entered her mouth she thought she
might pass out, Splat again and again... He fed her. She was so hungry the pain
was worth it. By the time they were finished her pussy was red and swollen and
it wasnt until the joy of eating had worn off that the pain set in. The grimace
on her face must have given it away."So now the slut feels the agony of her
glutony her need to eat so desperately that she was willing to sacrifice
anything it took." And He sunk His fingers deep inside of her the pain almost
more then she could bear. She cried out and His hand landed hard across her
face. "Do you wish to embarass Me slave dissappoint Me in front of others, make
Me appear as a failure? IS that what you want to do?" Her face burned with shame
for she knew how angry He was." No Sir no I do not." "Then why must you continue
to disappoint Me girl?Crying out in pain as if you have the right to have
feelings you are mine to do with as I wish and still you whine and carry on have
you learned nothing?" She had no answer and she almost felt like maybe it was
time to safe word... time to end this all before it went too far....




Make it or break it

He stood awaiting her answer and she knew she couldnt quit couldnt end it
now.His hand reached down and found the wetness between her legs.."Your body
once again answers for you slave." And she knew the wetness betweeen her thighs
had only grown as she anticipated what would happen next. She took a deep
breath, "Sir this girl apologizes for disappointing You and would like to say
that she has learned to obey Your every command not question not complain and
not whine and whimper, I am sorry Master and hope You can forgive me." He paced
back and forth and finally stopped taking her chin in His hands, "Look at Me
slave so you really think I expect you to accept your punishments and torture
without response...it is just the way you respond that is inappropriate I will
not be embarassed or humiliated in front of our guest that will be arriving and
I expect perfection from you while He is here.Your feelings are of no importance
you can feel humiliated,embarassed it does not matter what matters is that you
behave as you have been trained to do I make Myself clear?" She swallowed hard,
"Yes Sir this girl understands." "Good then lets get you down from there and
have a look at you." He released her from the chains that had held her and she
dropped with a thud to the cold floor she felt His hands under her lifting her
up as He layed her down on her back."Spread your legs and lie back!" She could
not refuse... didnt want to refuse her arms and legs ached from the pressure of
the chains that had bound her, her neck raw from the constant tightening and
loosening of the chain that had bound her neck."Yes yes very nice no severe
marks but enough for our guest to see that you can handle proper punishment when
the need arises and tender enough to bring you to your knees if I touch those
beaten areas in just such a way." She could hear the enjoyment in His voice how
proud He was of what He had made her. His hand slid along the slit between her
legs and His fingers gently brushed her clit her back arched towards His
touch."Ahhhh yes still responsive..still needing Me wanting My touch even after
all that." She blushed feeling ashamed but it was true she had asked for all of
this agreed to go along with it and even when He had given her the opportunity
to back out she chose to continue. Her whole body trembled as His fingers began
working her clit. "Yes you deserve some pleasure after all you have been through
already today slave I think I will let you cum...maybe....when I feel like
it..if you beg Me." Her body was overcome by the intense feelings He was
stirring inside of her and finally she was on the verge He could tell and
swiftly climbed on top of her thrusting his hardness into her pussy. "Now beg,
beg ,Me to fuck you , beg Me to cum inside of you and beg Me to make you cum."
She did she begged,pleaded screamed and finally she felt His body tense and His
warmth rushed into her."Now slave now you may cum." Her body trembled and her
pussy clamped tight around His cock the wetness rushing out of her dripping from
her thighs. She responded as He had hoped and He Knew that this visit would
prove to be a huge success knew she would not dissappoint Him in front of His
guest. His plan had been successful she had been broken and  would give in to
His every wish ...His every whim.

  HE instructed her to clean herself up and He would be back soon. She went
about quickly cleaning herself making sure every last drop of wetness was
gone.He reappeared almost instantly with a bag slung over His shoulder. "Up on
the table slave." The table....she had only been on it once when He had taken
hours to examine every nook and cranny of her body humiliating her letting her
know that it was He who had control over her body....she slid onto the cold
table and He grabbed her legs securing them in the stirrups,He quickly started
to turn a crank and her legs were pulled out so far her knees rested up near her
hips she was splayed out wide open.Suddenly she heard someone else in the room
He had broughten someone with Him.He quickly placed a blindfold over her
eyes."Our guest has arrived slave and He is eager to see my work,my property you
will be on your best behavior from this point forward I do not expect any
less.Is that clear?" She swallowed hard her heart beating in her ears , "Yes
Sir." She laid there listening to them talk ...

"Well she certainly is nice to look at isnt she,not bad at all I would say you
are quite lucky!" Even though she was blindfolded she could feel the strangers
eyes on her body. Fingers were suddenly running up her leg she couldnt be sure
whos they were, the hand stopped upon reaching her thigh."Show me the rest." She
heard the stranger say. Suddenly she felt something cold and hard touch her
pussy and to her horror she felt herself being spread apart, she wanted to die
right there."Yes she is quite the prize I am lucky to have her and her holes are
nice and tight she does tension building exercises every day, its amazing what
she can do with those muscles." She heard her Master say. Suddenly fingers were
inside of her pushing prodding and then she heard the unmistakeable whirr of the
vibrator and it was on her clit."Yes lets see that little bud swell shall we."
She laid there helpless unable to move or protest knowing to do so would anger
her Master beyond belief. "Slut do not cum I will know when you are close and I
will stop but you are not to move while I show our guest My magnificent pussy at
work." The vibrations running through her were almost unbearable and with her
pussy spread open she could feel the wetness that ran from it."She is quite the
eager one I see." She knew her clit must have looked huge she could feel it
aching and throbbing.She felt fingers probing inside of her rubbing her in
places that made her whole body quiver."I want you to squeeze that wet pussy
slut.Squeeze the fingers tightly and do not stop until I tell you to." She
responded with a whisper,"Yes Master." She tried her best to clamp down on the
fingers that were pushing deep inside of her unsure of whos they were and the
tensing of her muscles only made her need to cum worse.Suddenly it all stopped
the vibrations stopped and the fingers were pulled out."Clean your cum from them
slave." And she felt the fingers slide into her mouth she sucked her cum from
them making sure they were clean."Have you tenderized her pussy yet?" She was
unsure as to what this meant tenderize????"No not yet I thought I'd wait and let
you be here to witness that so you could see that she has been trained to accept
whatever I give her." Her legs were aching from being spread so far apart and
her mind was racing tenderize what could that possibly mean??Suddenly she felt a
terrible pinching on the outer lips of her pussy she winced but bit her tongue
to keep from screaming."Ahh yes the clamps this is somehting she has not
experienced yet it should be interesting." He began to tighten the clamps to her
pussy and then attached them to a small chain on the side of the table pulling
her lips apart even farther.The pain was unbearable and she thought she might
pass out. "Master please..." Before she could finish a hand landed hard against
her face."Silence slut do not utter a word not a sound do you understand." She
nodded her head and bit her lip as a tear rolled down her cheek."And how about
whipping has she been whipped?" She had been many times but never in this
position never in front of someone..someone she couldnt even see someone she
didnt even know."Ahh yes I have spent alot of time on that,she needed frequent
punishment in the beginning." "Well then maybe I could try her out?" She
shuddered the stranger was going to whip her right there and she knew it. "Sure
go ahead have at it."She heard her Master say.With no warning the whip was
brought down onto her pussy it hurt but she dare not move..."Hmm maybe we should
try a smaller whip so I can be sure to hit that little bud." She panicked He was
going to whip her clit she didnt like the idea knowing how badly it would hurt
she held back a sob as the first stinging swipe hit her clit..it was unbearable
pain like she had not experienced before it hurt so bad and yet again her body
deceived her as she felt the wetness growing. "She is quite the little slut
soaking wet from only a few hits." She heard them both laugh and felt herself
blush she was embarassed humiliated but did not want to dissappoint her Master.
Finally the pain stopped and she heard their footsteps move away from the table
she could hear them talking quietly on the far side of the room but couldnt make
out what they were saying.."Ok slave I am going to take off your blindfold now
and when I do you will look directly into the eyes of our guest your gaze will
not move from His no matter what We do to you is that clear?" She fought back
the urge to say no and responded quickly,"Yes Master." The blindfold removed she
struggled for a minute to adjust her eyes to the light she stared into the eyes
of the guest."Hello slut it is a pleasure to see you have turned into quite the
successful whore."She just stared at Him."Thank You Sir." "I do believe your
Master has done some amazing things with you in a short amount of time what an
eager little slut you must be and to think He even gave you the chance to end it
and you chose to continue what a little slut you are." The tone of His voice
degraded her enough but the look in His eyes was almost more then she could
bear. Suddenly she felt her Master manipulating her body so her ass was totally
exposed.He walked around to the side of her and applied shiny metal clamps to
her nipples He tightened them down so hard she felt her nipples would burst for
sure.Despite the pain her gaze did not leave that of the guest she could see the
lust in His eyes the pleasure this was giving Him and it made her feel sick and
excited all at the same time.She was exposed to Him completely and her Master
suddenly turned on a light and moved it right to the bottom of the table
lighting up her ass and her pussy exposed and held open with those dreadful
clamps."How does it feel girl..how does it feel to be used like this in front of
me a total stranger that you dont even know?" His eyes were on her waiting for a
response."It feels good to be used Sir thank You for watching my Master use me."
He nodded with approval obviously happy with her answer. She hated to admit it
but it did feel good she wanted only to please Him that was all that mattered.




The End Game

She felt the heat from the light on her exposed body and she knew that no matter
how embarassed or degraded she was she must continue to meet the stare of this
stranger.Masters hands were on her now removing the clamps from her pussy and
she heaved a sigh of relief while the man stood watching with a smile on His
face. She could see His cock growing hard in His pants and it scared her she did
not want to be touched and used by anyone else not in that way. "Slave you will
lie still now and do not move I am going to show our guest some of the more
intimate details should we say of My slut." A weak "Yes Master" is all she could
manage as she felt the coldness of what she knew was lubricant touching her
tight ass,the hole puckerede and closed even tighter as her Master placed His
finger on it rubbing the lubricant around and working His finger into her
ass.The man stood their watching her face enjoying the look of pain and
humiliation that she could not hide. She stared at Him and He smiled and
spoke,"So tell me how does that feel slut I hear that you have the tightest
little hole there." She swallowed hard not knowing how to respond."Answer Him
now slave!" She responded as quickly as she could, "It hurts Sir and it also
feels good I can bear the pain if its what my Master wishes." He nodded His head
in approval. "Look see how tight it is," she watched the man as he looked down
to see her Masters finger stuck inside of her ass he looked shocked seeing the
tightness."Yes I see she still needs some work there but its nice very nice, the
tight pink ring grasping your finger is a visual display of wonder I must say."
"Yes yes it is and wait until you see the look on her face when I start to open
her up." She gasped she was so embarassed and yet the wetness between her legs
was dripping from her now running down her thigh."Would you like to see me fuck
her see what a slut she is?" She looked at the man pleading with her eyes he
grinned at her and an evil look came over His face "But of course," the man said
smiling at her the whole time. She felt her Master move between her legs and
felt the hardness of His cock rubbing against the bare lips of her pussy."I love
to watch her grip my cock with that pussy let me know what you think."She heard
Him say and he was in her thrusting His hard shaft in and outof her almost
violently.A hand landed hard on her cheek ,"Do not move those eyes slave watch
Him." And she forced herself to stare at the guest looking Him square in the
eyes as her Master fucked her.She saw His hand slide down to unzip His pants and
watched as He pulled out His hard cock and began stroking it..would He be using
her too the thought nearly made her sick she didnt want anyone else to touch
her. He watched her being fucked and couldnt help but stroke His cock her pussy
so tight that it gripped the cock as it thrust in and out of her He loved this
degradation loved seeing yet another woman give in to her utmost fantasy and
surrender herself completely to the man that owned her.. the man she loved.He
got off on  just the thought alone and He smiled to himself as He watched this
slave being used she would do whatever her master told her to and He knew it,
the look on her face unforgetable her eyes glazing over with the look of a woman
in ecstasy and yet He could see the fear and embarassment as well which made it
even more arousing. Her body began to tremble as His cock thrust in and out and
His thumb found her clit rubbing the little nub until He knew she would surely
explode.She fought to keep her eyes open and focused on the man watching her."My
slave if you want to release you must ask our guest politely,no you must beg Him
to let you cum." She nodded , "Yes Master....Sir please may this girl release..I
need to so badly Sir please!!!" He looked at her and smirked,"Not yet slut not
yet all good things come with time." She stammered.."BBBut Master please I must
release." "No you will not until you are given permission." And He continued to
drill into her His fingers rubbing her clit and not stopping.Her body pulsated
and the man walked around to get a better look at the show. "Ummm nice look at
that clit swollen and throbbing begging to cum and look at that wet pussy I
think that you can cum slave if you can feed me some of that wetness from
between your legs." She shook her head no she didnt want Him to touch her."Yes
yes you will slide your hand down to your pussy and get some of that sweet
wetness for me slut...do it or you will not come at all." She slid her fingers
down between her thighs and she could feel His cock thrusting in and out."Now
hold those fingers out for Me to see." She held out her fingers and saw them
glistening with the wetness "Feed it to me slave let me taste you." "Do it slut
do as He says." Her Master grunted. And she slowly stuck her fingers up to the
strangers mouth and watched as He licked the cum from them. "Very good little
one.Now you may release when your Master tells you to.But do not take your eyes
off of me I want to see your face when you cum."She felt her Masters body begin
to tense and knew He would cum soon."You are permitted to release now slave."
And she relaxed and looked at their guest as He watched her release she saw a
look of lust on His face and watched as he pumped His hard cock and then he too
came. Just as quickly as it had begun she laid there again splayed out in front
of them. "She needs to clean that mess from you I think." And her Master nodded
in agreement as He shoved His still hard cock into her mouth she sucked it clean
being sure to remove all of the cum. Slowly the stranger walked around to the
table that held all of the play things her Master had gotten out.And she watched
as He picked up a wide anal device that she knew would surely tear her in two.
"Now is the ultimate test if she can take this up that tight little hole of hers
I believe you may have succeeded in her training." She shook her head, "No
Master not that I cant take that it will surely tear me in two You cant put that
inside of me." He looked at her and grasped her throat tightly ,"You will do
what you are told and who said I am going to be the one outting it inside of
you,as a matter of fact since you seem not to be able to remain quiet I think we
will put the blindfold back on so you can wonder whats going to happen to you
and I think the gag would be most appropriate."She begged Him not to and the
grip around her throat tightened."I will do as I see fit do you understand?!"
She nodded quickly and His grip on her throat loosened. "Watch my little slut
will you while I go to get the blindfold and the gag?" The stranger nodded and
smiled,"Of course take your time." She began to tremble at the thought of being
left alone with this man. "I wont hurt her too much,"he laughed as her Master
walked out of the room.He bent so close to her she could feel His breath on her
skin."Do I frighten you little one?Are you afraid?" She looked at Him and
watched as He blew hot breath onto her nipples and he stood watching them as
they hardened He looked at her and moved down so His nouth was directly over her
pussy and blew again so His hot Breath hit her clit her whole body trembled."If
you trust your Master you need not fear Me girl." And he stood over her looking
at her laying there helpless."I must say you have avery nice pussy and nice firm
tits I cant wait to see your ass being used."

She heard her Master as he walked towards the table.He said nothing and quickly
placed the blindfold over her eyes and then felt the gag being forced into her
mouth."There now we can finish this test."She heard them laughing. "Lets see
what we have here." And she felt hands on either side of her ass pulling her
cheeks apart and again the cold lubricant and a finger slid inot her tight
hole."Oh yes look at that see it gripping flexing grabbing.Oh she is tight this
is going to be very very painful. She should be thankful for the gag it will
give her something to bite on."He laughed loudly and  she felt somone leaning
over her closely as another finger entered her ass she tried to squirm but
couldnt and the pain was already too much she didnt even want to imagine what it
could turn into at any moment.She felt two hands holding her open and two
fingers drilling in and out of her ass,"She is so tense it only worsens things
for her makes her body more resistant but thats fine we will teach her how to
relax."The fingers were pushing harder now pulling her apart spreading her open
and the burning and pain made her legs tremble.She felt something hard being
pushed against her holeand the fingers slowly slid out holding her open as with
one thrust the device was pushed into her surely it would kill her split her in
two, the pain was unbearable and she sobbed into the gag and tears streamed down
her face. "Now if you watch her muscles are trying to push it out but we wont
let that happen now will we."She heard the stranger say."That hole looks nice
stretched so widely it must be excruciating for her and yet look at that pussy
sopping wet." She knew it was true could feel the wetness puddled beneath her.
"Yes I am lucky to have her she is an eager slut no matter what the torture she
continues to want more almost begs for it." She knew they were watching her
..her ass full and her pussy dripping and the pain almost making her pass out,
and yet despite the pain she began to feel that yearning deep within her she
found herself moving her hips and heard them mutter their approvals."Ahhh yes
very nice seeing that ass moving so full and that pussy so wet she is a lovely
piece of ass." She heard movement and wondered what was happening.Slwoly the
device was removed from her ass and the relief was great!"Now slave that ass is
ready for use do you trust Me?Do I own you?" She nodded."Good then you wont mind
leaving that blindfold on it will leave you wondering who is fucking that tight
slutty asshole wont it?" She began to sob would he let another person use her in
that way? "Show Us how bad you want it in your ass slut." And she began grinidng
her hips back and forth she didnt care anymore who was there she just needed to
be fucked even in the ass it didnt matter....the cock rammed into her quickly
with no warning the burning intensifying as it was thrust in and out, fingers
were inside of her pussy thrusting and a thumb had found her clit."Watch
her..look at her grinding against it begging for it." And she knew it was true
she couldnt control herself pain or not she needed it. It went on for a long
time her ass getting used being made raw getting more and more tender by the
minute."You may not release slave not until we are ready for you to." She held
back the orgasm that was building inside of her knowing it would be huge.Her
Master and the guest watched the holes being used could see her pussy bulging
from her holes being filled up."You may release when you are ready slave,and you
better milk that cock pump that cum into your ass." Her body didnt need any
encouragement she came violently the cum spilling form her pussy her ass
gripping the cock that still thrust in and out of her. Finally it was over. The
blindfold removed and the gag taken off.She realized once again that she had no
idea who used her and she looked from her Master to the stranger neither of them
uttered a word.The man walked over to where she lay and took a look at her face
and let His eyes slowly move down her body "That pussy is so wet and yet look at
those holes tightened back up already...yes she is a wonderful slave and quite
the little slut I must say." Her Master nodded to the man and they left the room
leaving her there to ponder what had just happened hours had passed since she
had been put onto the table and yet time seemed to stand still,she did what she
was told to she had behaved and she hoped that her Master was pleased with her
after all that was the only thing that mattered.

"Well I must tell you I didnt believe what you told me over the phone I know men
who would kill to have a wife like that...she has learned so quickly." He smiled
at the man who taught Him all He knew who had helped Him plan this whole thing
over the last 6 months.."Yeah she was a joy to break...to watch my wife go from
innocent to a slutty little whore willing to do anything for me its been an
amazing transformation." The man nodded and handed him a cigar..."You have
passed the test thats for sure....I only wish the others could have seen it no
one would believe it. Oh and you may just let the whole thing with the guess who
fucked your ass thing go she'll never figure out that the only time I touched
her was when I had her fingers in my mouth and its good for her to think that
possibly you let someone else use her thats how much control you have over her!"
"Oh but of course I had no intentions of telling her that." He laughed and took
a deep puff on the cigar."Well you passed the test...definately passed the test
my friend..now get on back to that wife of yours before I steal her away, give
her a nice warm bath amd let her rest its been a long day." He nodded in
agreement..."I must be one of the luckiest men alive....." The man looked at him
and nodded "Yes...yes I believe you are."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Miss M


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





