BDSM Library - The Trainer




The Trainer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Collecting for her brother's paper route, Adrienne knocks on the wrong door, walking into the hands of a man whose job is procuring slaves.
The Trainer

He moans in pleasure, his eyes closing as he savors the experience.  Another
mouthful, laughing as a bit of sauce dribbles onto his chin.  He smiles
appreciatively at his host, drags a sleeve across his chin. 

"Enjoying yourself, I hope?"  Andrew smiles, nods questioningly toward Dave's
plate.

Nodding, Andrew's dinner guest reaches into his lap, tangles his fingers into
Adreinne's black hair, pulls her head down further, his head falling back as she
gags, whimpers.  His hips jerk, he utters a low groan as his balls tighten, his
cock twitches in her protesting throat.  Andrew watches, face impassive at the
sound of choking, sputtering, desperate swallowing. 

"I'm glad," he gestures grandly, "what is mine is yours." 

Closing the door softly, Andrew returns to the dining room, his guest sent home
with a smile.  He crouches down to gaze into Adrienne's tear-filled eyes.

"Enjoy your dinner, hole?"  His hand snakes out violently, twists into her hair
as he drags her from under the table.  Growling, he throws her down, considering
the biting bonds holding her elbows together behind her back, straps clasping
her wrists together between her shoulder blades.   He snarls, begins kicking her
toward the basement stairs.  "YOU DO NOT MAKE GUESTS WAIT," each word is
punctuated with a vicious kick to her ass, legs as she crawls on her knees, "YOU
DO NOT HESITATE TO SERVICE THEM COMPLETELY!"  Fingers curling under the tight
cord wrapped around her breasts, he yanks her down the stairs, his ire further
raised by her shrill screams. 

"You will learn, hole," Andrew's voice is suddenly silken, dangerous, "I will
teach you, even if the lesson kills you."

Shoving her along, he hisses in frustration as the chain between her ankles
trips her up, sends her sprawling.  He steps over her to the wall, moves a stack
of wooden crates to reveal a low metal door.  Grabbing her hair, he bends low,
drags her through, increasingly irritated as she thrashes, kicks wildly. 

Pulling her into the Room, he propels her backwards toward the chair.  No
ordinary chair, the seat is covered with small, rounded metal studs.  Leather
straps on either side, a shock collar linked to the back.  Hinged on the top is
a box, foam filled, designed to close over her head, imposing total sensory
deprivation.  Andrew pushes her down relentlessly, his hands like iron on her
shoulders.  Adrienne squirms, barking, raw cries ripping through her throat as
the studs press into her soft flesh.  Forcing her down completely, Andrew moves
quickly, strapping her thighs tightly in place.  Shoving her back hard against
the chair, he applies the collar, affixing it snugly.  Reaching behind her, he
selects a ball gag, then rethinks, grabbing instead a large dildo shaped gag. 
He grasps her hair firmly, stills her whipping head to jam the gag into her
throat, securing it tightly with heavy leather straps.  Lowering the box, he
closes it around her head, her choking whines and cries suddenly muffled.

"You'll learn, hole," he murmurs softly, "make no mistake."

Adrienne sobs, her hips wriggling painfully as her weight grinds her ass, thighs
into the studs.  There is no sound, she doesn't know if he's still there or no. 
Her eyes, open wide, see nothing.  She strains helplessly against the thick
straps, the collar tight around her delicate throat.  Whining, she wonders what
her family is thinking, remembers her last words to them . . .

"I'll be right back!"  Adrienne waved off her brother's thanks, winking at him
as she skipped down the front stairs.  Steve was sick-leukemia.  It made it hard
for him to collect for his paper route when the chemo was full steam.  Receipt
book in her pocket, she pedaled off down the street, enjoying the cool evening
air.  She rode up to the lovely grey slate home, her first stop.   Knocking, she
stepped back, admiring the large house.

"Yes?"  Andrew opened the door, expression friendly but questioning.

"Hi," Adrienne smiled brightly, brushing her curly black hair from her face,
"I'm Steve's sister-Steve, your paper carrier?"

"Ahhh," Andrew's face opened, expression softening, "yes, how is Steve?"  He
opened the door wider, gestured for her to enter, eyes taking in her plump
breasts, sweetly curved hips.

"He's a little under the weather," Adrienne stepped in, her eyes widening at the
opulence of decor, "but he's gonna be fine, I'm sure of it-he's tough."

"Well, tell him I'm thinking of him."  Andrew closed the door behind her, waved
her into the sitting room.  Adrienne sat carefully, hand stroking the fine
leather sofa as he left the room, returning with his checkbook.  He handed it to
her, told her to fill it out.  Ade looked up uncertainly, but his smile
reassured her.

"I suffered an injury," he held his hand up apologetically, angry red scars
criss-crossing his palm, "writing is a chore for me."

Sitting next to her, he leaned over, watched her fill the check out in a neat,
prim script.  Smiling, he told her that yes, he was English.  Her dark eyes
shone bright, a warm tingle spreading as his shoulder brushed hers.  She
struggled to keep the shake out of her hand, her 16-year-old mind filled with
romantic images of life and love with this striking English gentleman. 
Surreptitiously he reached into his pocket, pulling out a handkerchief.  He
watched her face carefully as she filled out the blank check, slowly raising his
arm, snaking it around behind her. 

"You'll have to sign-" her words were cut off as the damp cloth was clapped
firmly over her mouth and nose.  She squealed, muffled, her hands flying to his
arm, struggling to pull the handkerchief away.  His grip was vise-like, she
thrashed frantically, her eyes huge above the embroidered white cloth.  Pressing
her belly-down on the sofa, he savored her weakening struggles, her muted
screams turned to whines as consciousness faded.  Smiling triumphantly, he
tucked the kerchief back into his pocket, lifted her prone body.

"Your name is hole."

Ade awakened slowly, confused.  She moaned thickly, trying to move but finding
herself cramped into a very small space, knees folded up against her chest. 
Eyes opening, she saw nothing-total darkness.  She explored with trembling
hands, began to scream thinly as she realized that she was in a small wooden
box.  Straining, sobbing, she pushed hard against the rough wood, her feet
thumping as she struggled to escape.

Andrew smiled at the muffled screams emanating from the small crate.  Turning,
he ducked through the low doorway, closed and locked the door behind him. 
Dragging the crates to hide the door, he emerged from the basement, locking that
door, too. 

Her training had begun.

Andrew sighs contentedly, settles into his chair, considering the fire as he
sips his cognac.  This girl was going to work out just fine, he was confident. 
Only a week-and-a-half into her education, and already she's nearly fit to serve
guests.  His client was very exacting in his requirements-it was sheer luck that
she appeared when she did.  Andrew smiles . . . he's always been a lucky one.

Getting rid of the police had been easy-by the time her family realized anything
was amiss, he'd already disposed of her bike, thrown her clothing, receipt book,
and the unsigned check into the furnace.  He'd frowned, expressed concern as he
told the detectives that she'd never come to collect-in fact, he'd never seen
the girl in his life, though he was very fond of Steve, certainly hoped nothing
bad had happened to his sister.  He slept soundly that night, smiling at the
knowledge that she was cramped, terrified, alone.

Adrienne moans, every breath a reminder of her position.  Her bowels cramp, her
limbs are leaden, each stud pressing into her flesh, sending agonizing jolts
through her legs.  She struggles to swallow, her throat clicking painfully.  How
long?  How long will he leave her here this time?  She whines, shivering in the
cold basement air.  Sobbing, she finds herself hoping for Andrew's return.  If
only he would come back, release her, she would do better.  She would please
him.

Andrew checks his watch, nods to himself.  Rising, he sets his glass aside,
unlocks the cellar door and descends into the darkness.

Adrienne sits motionless, unaware of his presence.  Walking slowly to a low
slung table near the wall, he retrieves a small remote, presses a button.  Her
body jumps, she gasps, then screams in the confines of the box over her head,
the collar delivering a sharp jolt.  It's been days since he's used the
collar-she whines, trembling violently, awaiting the next shock. 

It doesn't come.

Gently, Andrew removes the collar, lifts the box from her head.  Ade whimpers as
the light stabs her eyes.  Freeing her legs, he lifts her, smiling approvingly
as she whines.  Setting her on her feet, he steadies her as she sways.  Gaining
her balance, Adrienne looks up at him, her eyes pleading above the gag.  A slap,
sharp, and she drops her gaze, reminds herself that she may not look unless told
to do so.

His hand is gentle on her shoulder, guiding her to the sawhorse, pressing her
down so her hips rest on its padded surface.  Reaching past her, he removes a
quirt from a hook on the wall, steps behind her.

"No noise."  He raises the quirt, brings it down across her still dimpled ass. 
Her hips jump, she gasps, tears leaping to her eyes.  Again and again, he smiles
in satisfaction as her ass turns a deep, angry pink.  Nodding, he hangs the
quirt, pulls her to her feet, leading her to the center of the room.

"Stand."  Ade whimpers, bends forward, her sore cheeks to him, tightly bound
breasts hanging below.  Squatting, Andrew reaches between her legs, tapping her
thighs lightly, signaling her to spread them further, give him access.  Deftly,
he unhooks the rings that have been holding her pussy shut.  Reaching into his
pocket, he pulls out the wide silver band, holding it in place with one hand as
he secures it with the smaller rings.  Her bald pussy is held open now,
inviting.

Standing, he unzips his trousers, pulls out his half-erect cock.  Standing
close, he slaps it against her ass, presses it into her crack, thumb pushing
down as he moves his hips.  He stiffens quickly, sighs as he pushes into her
dry, sore pussy.  Grasping her hips firmly, he moves slowly, his thrusts
calculated, measured.  Adrienne whines through her nose, her eyes staring at the
floor as he uses her body. 

Andrew moans low, his balls pulling up tight as he shudders, fills her pussy
with his hot cum.  He keeps his cock buried in her a moment longer, eyes closed
as he savors the pained spasms that milk him. 

Pulling out slowly, he leaves her bent over as he wipes his cock clean with a
handkerchief.  Tossing it into a bucket, he steps next to her, zips his trousers
calmly.

"Up."  Ade rises painfully, her back aching.  Grasping her arm, he pulls her to
a steel bar wheel standing in the corner, pushes her against it.  Adrienne
begins to cry, twisting her torso away from the frame, head shaking violently. 
Andrew scowls, delivering a sharp punch to her belly.  Ade grunts, retches
dryly.  Andrew pushes her back again, secures her to the frame with no further
struggle. 

Rotating her upside down, he walks away, returns with a white plastic hose and
nozzle.  Inserting it in her vagina, he twists a small valve, sends scalding,
soapy water rushing into her raw hole.  Ade whines, hips working, toes curling
above her.  Closing the valve, Andrew retrieves a bottlebrush from the table,
inserts it into her pussy, begins scouring cruelly as Ade screams, gags.

Andrew climbs the stairs, checks his watch again-time to call the client. 
Punching the numbers in, he flips open a small notebook, reads over his notes.

Adrienne, whimpers, stretches as much as possible in the box.  A larger version
of the first, this one allows for some movement, she can sit hunched if she
wishes.  Her arms ache, finally released from behind, bound at her sides now,
strapped to a thick leather belt around her small waist.  She stares into the
darkness, shifts her hips to relieve pressure on her raw pussy, sore ass.  Her
tongue swipes her chapped lips, the cruel gag gone for now.  She wonders when he
will allow her to eat again.  How long has it been?  Two days?  Three?   It had
been her only "meal" since being wrenched from her life.  She is hungry-so
hungry that even the humiliation feeding brings seems welcome.  She closes her
eyes, remembers.

"Walk on your knees, hole" Andrew growled, leaning back against the kitchen
counter, "if you want to eat, you walk on your knees, come to me."  Adrienne
struggled, her knees pulled up hard, ankles strapped to thighs, wrists strapped
to ankles.  Whimpering, jaws straining around the spreader, she teetered on
bruised knees, falling forward.  Groaning, she twisted, pitched,  rose again,
struggled to reach him.  Andrew watched, eyes flat, considering as she reached
him.  Raising her head, she looked up at him, whimpering as the look elicited a
cruel slap. "You do NOT look at a man unless he tells you to!"  Another smack,
Ade's head hung in exhausted submission. 

Reaching down, Andrew unzipped his pants, pulled his cock out, shaking it before
her stricken face.  "You may struggle and choke, or swallow it all, breathing
through your nose.  The choice is yours, one of the few choices left you-but
either way, your throat will do what I demand."  Grasping her hair, he pulled
her face toward him, smiling as his cock pushed past her swollen lips, pressing
against the back of her throat.  Ade gagged violently, pulling desperately back
as her throat constricted, resisted.  Andrew pushed relentlessly, forcing her
head to his belly, burying his full length in her puffy, bruised face.  Moving
slowly, deliberately, he fucked her face, smiling as her struggles slowed, then
stopped.  Ade closed her eyes, concentrated on breathing between strokes. 
Inhaling deeply, he sighed, his cock twitching in her throat.  Ade gagged
violently, sputtering, retching as his cum flooded her.  She swallowed hard,
reflexively, her belly tightening as his thick, sour spunk hit.

Andrew withdrew, wiping his cock on her face before tucking it back, zipping his
pants.  Turning, he walked to the far counter, pulled a can from the cabinet. 
Ade knelt, head hanging, hair matted and sweaty.  She raised her eyes at the
whirring of the can opener, a sick, hungry hope lighting them.  Andrew pulled a
plastic dish from under the sink, began spooning the Ken-L-Ration into it,
fluffing it exactingly.  Placing the bowl on the floor, he nodded to her.

"Come on girl, come and get it."

Whining pathetically, Ade shuffled painfully to the bowl, sobbing in humiliation
as she leaned forward, pushed her face into the bowl.  Tongue straining, she
struggled to scoop the foul tasting food into her trapped wide mouth.  Andrew
laughed, began toeing the bowl just out of her reach. 

"My dog's better than your dog . . ." he sang softly, smiling as she scrambled
frantically after the bowl. 

"What are you?"  Andrew stands before her, eyes measuring her up.  He'd dragged
her, half-asleep, from the box, intent upon continuing her training around the
clock.  He knows that allowing her sleep allows her emotional recovery.  He
denies her even that. 

Ade squirms, hands bound above her, standing on tip toes, cruel board between
her legs.  "A hole, sir."  She whispers, shaking her head weakly.

"No, NO!"  The quirt cuts through the air, blows raining down on her large,
upturned  breasts.  "You do NOT shake your head, you do NOT whisper-now ANSWER
ME!"

"A HOLE!" Ade cries, sobbing, "A hole, a hole!"

"Excellent," the stinging blows stop, the quirt tracing the line of her chin,
neck, "and what is a hole good for?"

She whines, head hanging, "Fucking, sir."

"And what does a hole eat?" 

"Cum, sir."  Adrienne sobs, her legs trembling violently with the strain.

"And does a hole like cum?"  Andrew smiles slyly, drawing the quirt back, ready.

"Yes, sir."

"NO!"  The quirt flies again, raining blows across her breasts again.  "A hole
LIKES that which her owner TELLS her she likes!"

Ade squirms, whines, the board grinding viciously into her red, sore pussy. 

"Again," Andrew's voice is prim, patient, "does a hole like cum?"

"I-" Ade's eyes are tortured, confused, "I don't know, sir."

Andrew steps forward, kicks her feet from under her, bringing her full weight
down on the board.  "HOLE does not know.  HOLE does not know what HOLE likes." 
Grabbing her legs roughly, he shackles her ankles, drags them up, attaching them
to the board. 

Turning, he walks away, leaves her straddling the rough board, hips squirming.

"Please, please, sit."  Andrew gestures to his three guests, smiling expansively
as he backs from the room.  He returns seconds later, Ade on her knees behind
him, leads attached to the freshly placed rings in her nipples.  "This hole is
yours for use during dinner-and after, if you wish.  I keep it hungry, so
please, feel free to fill its belly as you desire."  Adrienne walks on her
knees, elbows once again yanked cruelly behind, wrists bound between her
shoulders.  Her head is down, she stares blankly at the floor as she is led to
the table. 

"Table!"  Andrew points, detaching the leads.  She moans low, ducking her head
as she crawls under the table. 

"I must ask that you not mar it permanently," Andrew smiles apologetically, "it
is not mine, I am merely training it for another."  The men nod appreciatively,
the sound of zippers lowering bringing a soft smile to Andrew's face.  Ade's
mouth is pulled down on the first cock, she whines, gagging, then begins to
suck, her head bobbing up and down as the man's hips strain.  Andrew serves
dinner, an exquisite array that he knows is secondary in the minds of his
guests.  He looks away discretely at the sound of Adrienne sputtering,
swallowing.  He snaps his fingers under the table, ordering her to move to the
next guest.  He smiles approvingly as she complies.

Andrew whistles, clearing the dishes from the table.  He glances into the
parlor, watches another of his guests climb onto Adrienne,  pushing into her ass
as she whines, body limp.  He is pleased-she is progressing well, submitting as
she should.  The whining is a problem, but he feels confident he can break her
of that.  In all, she has exceeded his expectations tonight.  He smiles as
another pushes into her unprotesting mouth, readying himself for another go. 
Turning, he takes the dishes to the kitchen, leans back against the counter and
waits for his guests to finish.

Standing back, Andrew fingers his chin nervously as the client inspects
Adrienne.  The man's hands run appreciatively over her full breasts, cupping,
squeezing.  He tugs on the nipple rings, nods approvingly as she gasps silently. 
Pushing her forward, he frowns as she resists.

"Stand."  Andrew murmurs, smiling as she immediately bends forward, baring her
ass, spreading her thighs apart.  The client pushes a finger into her ass, then
two into her pussy, probing, exploring.  Ade is silent, her eyes staring dully
at her manacled ankles as he tests the ring holding her vagina open.

"What is your name?"  The man barks, looking at Andrew.

"Hole has no name, sir."  Adrienne's voice is flat, tired.

"Will you fuck animals?" He leans down pulls, her head up by the hair.

"Hole will fuck what hole is told to fuck, sir."

He drops her head, satisfied.  "I'll need it branded.  When can you deliver it?" 
Andrew puts his arm around the client's shoulder, takes him into the study to
work out the details of the sale. 

Ade remains bent over, blinking back tears.  She will never go home again.  She
stifles a sob.  She will never go home.

=====================================================

Andrew pulls his Mercedes smoothly up to the curb, passenger side window
dropping silently, headlights illuminating the night's driving rain.

"Can I give you a ride, dear?" 

Melissa jumps back, then relaxes, the car and its driver's melodic voice
alleviating her fears.  "I-my boyfriend dumped me out here, c-can you take me
home?"  She begins to cry, great, braying sobs.

Andrew climbs out of the car, puts his arm around her bedraggled form, opens the
passenger door.  "Hush, hush now child, it's all right-your boyfriend is a
fool." 

Melissa climbs in, shivering, her short skirt hiked high, revealing shapely
legs, soft thighs.  Her tight sweater is soaked, her C cup breasts clearly
defined, nipples hard in the cold.  Closing her door, Andrew slides in behind
the wheel, offers her hot chocolate from his thermos.  She takes it gratefully,
clasping the cup between her hands, drinking deeply.

"So where is home, my love?" 

"Landry, I live in Landry," Melissa looks up hopefully, "is that too far?"

"Not at all," Andrew smiles reassuringly, "but I must ask-why didn't your
parents come get you?"

"They're gone for two weeks-the first time they've ever left me alone."  She
smiles shyly, her grey eyes taking in his handsome profile.  She looks down,
suddenly giddy, aroused.

"Ahhh," Andrew turns toward the highway, expression calm, eyes calculating,
"well I am very glad I came along when I did-it's not safe for a young girl to
walk alone at night-especially not a girl of . . ?" 

"Eighteen," she glances away, hoping he'll believe her fib.  Andrew smiles to
himself, knowing she can't be a day over fifteen

He pauses at the intersection, refills her cup. "Drink up now, let's get you
warm."  Melissa accepts the second cup, drinks it down quickly.  Andrew reaches
forward, turns on the stereo.

"Do you like classical?"

Melissa nods, eager to impress him, "I haven't heard a lot, but I like what I
have heard."

Andrew nods approvingly, "Then listen to this, I'm sure you'll like it."

They drive, not speaking, the music rises, swells.  Melissa begins to drift, a
strange warmth spreading, her limbs becoming heavy.  She blinks hard, shakes her
head.

"I-I feel funny," her voice is thick, speech slurred, "This" - she squints at
the approaching road sign, "-this isn't the right way." 

Andrew's hand flashes, tangles in her wet, red hair, dragging her down to the
floor of the car as she cries out softly, too weak to fight.

"This is exactly the right way," Andrew drives on, smiling grimly, "hole."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





