BDSM Library - Her Chilling Torment




Her Chilling Torment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She smart-mouthed her Master and is now paying the price.
Her Chilling Torment
The Cold Torment of His slave girl

By Leatherstu

The street lamp was the only light she could see. The 3 am wind blew cruelly
cold. Dressed only in a black stretch mini dress, bra, pantyhose and spiked heal
pointed shoes that strap to the ankles. She looked down at the ankle cuff locked
to her ankle and the hard steel chain locked around the steel light pole. He had
allowed only 6 inches of chain between her ankle and the pole. She had a choice,
stand there or sit on the frozen snow covered ground. Only having been there for
30 minutes she wondered how long this torment would go on. Daylight was hours
away and she told herself he would bring her back inside the warm house before
sunrise when people would start coming out of their homes to go to work.

She wondered why she had said all those nasty things to him. She knew better
then to challenge the power of her Master. The last 6 months of training as his
slave were wonderful. She had learned so much of what was missing in her life.
It was just the start of summer when she met him at a friends bondage play party
in her home. She noticed him as soon as he walked in the door. Tall and well
dressed in leather. She had played with other lovers but it was always very
mild. The hardest thing ever done to her was being tied spread eagle to the bed
and made love to. She watched as he walked by and went to the bar. She watched
his strong hands pick up a bottle and pour himself a drink. She wondered if she
should go over and introduce herself to him. She quickly decided she would just
sit there and watch him. Her eyes were glued to him as he walked about greeting
the others at the party. Her mind started to wonder as she fantasized what it
would be like to be with him.  She could feel to wetness start to form from deep
inside her. When she opened her eyes she could not see him. Her heart sank as
she thought he had left or was with someone else in another part of the house.

She was surprised to feel a pair of strong hands land on her shoulders from
behind. She heard a deep voice whisper in her ear, "do not turn around".  She
looked straight ahead and didn't say a word. Again she heard that deep voice
say," I know you have been staring at me all evening and could not understand
why". She started to answer and he told her to be quite. He leaned forward again
and told her to answer his questions with a shake of her head either yes or no, 
"Do you have a Master?." She shook her head no. "Are you looking for a Master?".
This question was hard for her to answer because she really did not know what
she was looking for. She shrugged her shoulders in a "I don't know" fashion. His
next statement excited her in some way. "We will see my dear, we will see".  But
this is a whole other story.

She now looked at her watch. It was 4:30! She had stood there for 90 minutes. He
then ordered her to close her eyes. He slipped a blindfold on her and she could
no longer see anything.  She then felt her hands placed behind her and a set of 
leather wrist restraints locked in place and hooked together. After a few
moments she called out to him but did not get an answer. Had he left her that
way? Having no way to judge time she wondered how much time was passing. Having
tried to count seconds she would loose count every time she thought she heard
something. She had no idea he was standing 6 feet away from her dressed in a
very warm coat.

At 5:00 am he spoke up and she jumped at the sound of his voice. "I am going to
unlock the chain from the pole. You will stand there and not move." She looked
in the direction of his voice and answered "Yes Master". He attached the missing
ankle cuff to her other leg and unlocked the chain and attached it to the new
ankle cuff. The amount of chain that wrapped around the pole allowed her to take
normal steps but she still knew they were there.  "You will follow my voice and
walk back to the house. Trust me and you will be safe" She started to walk
towards his voice. He guided her to the front door of the house and she could
feel the warm air coming out of the door. Guided inside she heard the door close
and no longer felt the cold wind.  Shaking from being in the cold so long the
warmth of the house felt so nice.  She was lead into the back room of the house
known as the playroom. Outfitted with many types of bondage furniture and
chains. She stood in the middle of the room. Thinking her torment was over for
the night she started to relax. She was about to find out how wrong she was.

Having stood in the middle of the room for what seemed like an hour she spoke
up. "Master"? This was met with a sharp pain on the side of her face. "Did I
give you permission to speak"? She stood erect and shook her head no.

To Be Continues




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Leatherstu


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





