BDSM Library - A Day In Life Of A Happy Slave




A Day In Life Of A Happy Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A day in a life of a slave owned 24/7 LTR he is punished, made to do things he hates but happy in the end as his Mistress is pleased. After all that  is what counts for a slave. It's just a hard day in life of a slave who please his owner all the time.
A Day In Life Of A Happy Slave

	I land at the airport and then follow the instruction to reach my owner
I see the car whose number has already been told to me. I go to the car knock on
the window nothing happens and I feel a bit foolish as I stand there suddenly as
I watch I see the driver window open and there she is my Goddess my owner. The
person who now owns me and who's bidding, I will follow for the rest of my life.
The trunk of the car opens up put your stuff there. I follow her commands
thrilling in the voice that will now guide and mould my life for the rest of my
days. I place my stuff in the trunk get in I get in beside her look at her. She
is wearing dark glasses which mean I can not see her eyes. She starts the car
and off we go I try to take in the scenery. She ask me if my journey was ok I
reply in affirmative. We go in out of the city she stops the car in a deserted
place get out I look puzzled she repeats herself out of the car. Get out she
come to me I can hear her feet on the tarmac. She shows me a pair of handcuff
and hand cuffs me my hands behind my neck then my spec are taken off and I am
blindfolded and placed in the car only this time I am on the floor and Mistress
uses her shoes to keep me down I feel the shoe pressing me down and I am on the
floor it pushes me in till I am squeezed in the car moved on and travels till
God alone knows how many hours. Finally the car stops I can smell the fresh
grass and trees. I hear her feet on the earth it seem cool how long has it been
since we were in the car. The door opens and I am caught by my hair and pulled
up the pain is swift and before I can react I am out of the car and in a room
there seems to be carpet on the floor and I am marched and then suddenly she
press my shoulder and I fall to my knees. I am worried about her not chatting to
me saying any word. Suddenly I hear her speak a work one word 'stay' I stay the
minutes tick by I get worried what is going on. Time passes I hear her go from
the room and come back till I am nearly out of my mind then suddenly I can feel
her near me. I look up forgetting that I am blindfolded. She lets her hand trail
on my face I try to lick the hand she laughs do not worry my slave you are all
mine to enjoy for the rest of your life and then her hand removed the blind fold
and then my cuffs are removed. I see her she smiles welcome my property you are
now owned and have no life of your own. You are mine and mine alone for all
eternity. She lets her hand run on my dry lip open up. I open my mouth and she
smiles. Good now all the training you have had and all that you have done is to
be forgotten. You are now owned and I will set up new limits for you everyday.
Your right as a slave is that you have a right to beg it's my right weather I
grant that right or not. She smiles now get up and remove you cloths all of them
also get any identification  paper you might have and hand them over all the
money too in fact everything that reminds you of your life give it all to me. I
want it so that your id can be merged to my id and you known for what you are my
Slave.

	I follow her command and then I am naked and standing in front of her
head bowed and hands behind my head. She circles me like a lioness looking over
a doe and smiles she asks me to spread my legs and my cock and balls are
inspected by her then I am ordered to bend over and catch my ass checks and my
ass is explored ahh tight I will love taking your anal virginity my slave. But
First of all we must name you what should you be called? Hmmm let me think. Or
we can decide that later what should we do she says and runs her hand on my ass
stroking it gently scratching it I harden and then she suddenly inserts her
finder into my ass I grasp and fall. Trying to look back but I am given a kick
no looking back slut no till I tell you. You forget you are a slave no free will
or action with my permission. I look back right where I was looking whimpering
good you say good I like it. You can be molded and you will be molded all you
need to know is the least you resist the better and less painful will it be for
you. Remember one thing from now on when you take any decision you do not think
if it's good for you, you think if it's good for me. You no longer think about
yourself you think but only about me. I am you and you are nothing but an
extension of me. Got it I nod my head and get another kick on my ass what is the
matter you can not speak when you are spoken to. Turn and face me I turn around
and am promptly slap me never never look at your Owner till you have been
permitted eye contact understand. You bend down and catch my hair and hold me
near your face as you do this do you understand it yes Ma'am good and now that
you know how to use your tongue let me tell you if you do not know how to use
it. I can put to other use take it out and lick my shoes you say as you walk
away and sit on the sofa and point a finger in front of you and say here boy I
crawl over and start licking your shoes removing the light film of dust there
and I clean it slowly as I have not drunk anything from the time I was on my
trip to you so my tongue and hence my mouth dries very fast. But I keep on
struggling to lick till you bend and catch me by the hair. Take out your Tongue
I take it out place your head on the floor I comply with a yes Ma'am you put
your shoe on top of my tongue and pres down hard. I whimper and try to pull away
but I can't tears come in my eyes I cry but can not make human sounds so I make
animal like sounds. Which seem to please you and you let go after some time. I
do not know what to do so I remain in place and I hear you laugh. I made the
right choice you have soul of a slave I am glad you did not take your tongue
back in or I would have made you see hell. With a new cat-o-nine-tails I got for
you. Take your tongue back in slave and look up I do it.

	My tongue feels hard as if it's a piece of leather I take it in it feels
swollen and tears are flowing my cheeks my eyes are read and I am grimacing like
a pig. But I see you are smiling welcome to being a salve do you think you can
do this day in and day out you will have to learn to take this in your daily
routine think you are up to it. This how your life will be. Do you think you are
up to it think about it and let me know? I think and say yes Ma'am good because
even if you said on it will not matter I have invested time and money on you for
some reason and now you can not leave had you wanted to leave I would have
broken you legs so you did not get any ideas. As you say this you kick me in my
chest. I fall on my ass with a scream shsss you say I kicked you because I felt
like it. You are my property and I can do as I please but as I am a fair woman I
will tell you why I kicked net time you kneel in front of me keep your legs
spread eyes downcast till I tell you otherwise and hands behind your head. You
should be sitting on your ass got it I hope because net time you do it I am
going to give you 10 hard ones with my belt and now stand up and bend over the
couch I will give you five with my belt because net time I kick you, you have to
come crawling right back to me and resume your position got it.  I say Yes Ma'am
and bend over the first one is quick and strong and the next one too is the same
then she stops and runs the belt on my ass great makes on your ass I like them
you say as you run your and over them and run your nails down on them then
suddenly WHAP one more then you pull you belt back and I wait for the next hit
my body tensed up minutes pass me by and I do not feel the belt I think of
looking back but control my urge to look back and stop myself in time. As time
goes by I feel apprehensive and scared sweat come out and a sweat and shaking
but nothing happens I slowly loosen my body Whap the belt come down and  I
scream in pain I did not expect. A pain that is sudden and  makes my heart full
of fear...............



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Slave in need


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





