BDSM Library - Jason's Vacation




Jason's Vacation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young man falls victim to an s/m conspiracy plotted by two beautiful, sadistic women.
Jason's Vacation 
by Tyjord 
       
His eyes flickered open, the drug finally beginning to wear off. 
Full consciousness and feeling had returned, but he was still groggy 
and had little control over his muscles. He was aware of the two 
women moving him around, talking and laughing as they went about 
their task. He realized that he was naked, but his disorientation 
dulled any modesty he might have suffered from. He groaned as the 
women supported him on each side and carried him, legs dragging 
behind, down a flight of stairs and through a  
heavy door into what was apparently the basement. The women were 
moving faster now, noticing that he was coming around. 
They laid their helpless charge on the cold cement floor and moved 
quickly to a large, wood cabinet standing up against one of the 
walls. Opening the cabinet's double doors, the women reached in and 
pulled out armfuls of items that the boy could not focus on well 
enough to identify. As they approached him once again, he tried to 
push himself off the floor, but failed and fell  
back, face first, with a thud. The women looked down at the naked 
young man and chuckled.
 
"Ready?" The older of the two women asked. The younger girl nodded 
excitedly. "Then let's get to work before he comes around enough to 
resist." 

He felt their hands on him again, pulling him to a sitting position, 
back against the wall. As they maneuvered him, his mind drifted back 
to the events leading up to his current predicament. 

"No baby, it's okay to talk. There aren't any customers right now. 
Besides, the Dragon Lady never comes by the booth on the weekends." 
He sat on a small chair, feet up on the cash register counter, cell 
phone pressed to his ear. Ignoring the customers browsing around the 
kiosk he worked part time at, the young man continued the 
conversation with his girlfriend. "Our plans for the summer are more 
important than these shoppers anyway." He focused on his girlfriend's 
voice, tuning out the sounds of the busy shopping mall.
 
"Jason!" The voice came from behind him. He recognized it instantly 
and in a panic, jumped to his feet. 

"Shit Kris, I gotta go," Jason hung up the phone and turned to face 
his boss. 
"So, this is what I pay you for Jason?" 

"Uh, no ma'am," he stammered. Unable to look her in the eyes, his 
glance moved quickly to the floor at his feet. 

"Spare me, kid," she said. "I heard your entire conversation. To say 
I'm disappointed in you would be a severe understatement. Now let's 
see if I've got this right, the customers are not important, you're 
not worried about your job because I...excuse me...the 'Dragon Lady' 
never comes around on the weekends, and planning your summer break 
is top priority. Have I summarized your attitude correctly? And look 
at me when I'm talking to you!" 

"No Ma'am," he replied, looking at the beautiful woman standing 
before him. She stood 5'9", almost as tall as him, and had a drop dead 
figure. Her long, jet black hair framed a face that could have 
belonged to a Super Model. He hated looking into her hazel eyes, 
always feeling as though he was getting lost inside of them, melting 
away. He called this creature of perfection "Dragon  
Lady" only because he didn't want his girlfriend to know how 
gorgeous his boss really was. "I...I don't know what to say, I'm 
sorry." 

"Well, at least you are not stupid enough to make up any lies. 
Jason," she said, putting her hands on her hips like a scolding 
parent, "I took a big chance hiring you and I expected better. I 
stopped by today to have a look and see why sales have been slipping 
on the weekends. Now I know. I thought you were worth the risk, 
second year of college, steady girlfriend. I thought you understood 
the concept of responsibility. I guess I was wrong." 

"I..." he stammered and dropped his eyes to the floor once again, 
unable to meet her fiery gaze. 

"Don't talk," she said. "Just look around. You're obviously not 
interested in working when I'm not here. I mean look at how you're 
dressed. You don't look like that on weeknights." She looked the boy 
over disapprovingly. He was wearing white nylon basketball shorts 
and a matching white tank top, athletic ankle socks and expensive, 
name brand sneakers. Although she found  
his choice of garments unacceptable for work, she had to admit he 
looked good. His 19 year old body was well defined but not overly 
muscular, toned from the various sports he participated in at 
school. She also noticed that no exposed part of his body, except 
his head, had any sign of hair. Legs, arms, back, chest, even his 
arm pits, were all smooth. The dirty blonde hair on his head had 
been cut short in a currently popular style. She knew he was on the 
swim team and guessed that he removed all of his body hair for that 
reason. All of it, she wondered? 

"Ms. Victoria, I'm sorry. Is there anything I can say or do?" 
"Not really. Basically, you're fired. The reasons are as follows: 
one, you did not come dressed appropriately for work. Two, you were 
caught using the business phone for personal use. Three, you were 
ignoring customers. Four, you were insubordinate to your boss, the 
"Dragon Lady". 

"I'm fired?" This couldn't be happening, not with school out for the 
summer. He had anticipated a lecture, but not this.
 
She could see him holding back tears. One thing she could say for 
him was that even though he played the part of a tough jock, he was 
just a sensitive boy at heart. "That's right," she said, "now I am a 
fair woman, so I will pay you for this week. However, I can't right 
now, since you didn't make any money today." She handed him a piece 
of paper. "Here is my address. Come by my house at 7pm sharp and 
I'll have your money ready. Be there on time. Don't disappoint me 
further." 

He took the paper and stared down at her address, not noticing the 
tone of her last statement. He did not understand. She wanted him to 
come over? She had just fired him. Was she making a pass at him? 
Firing him in order to have more than a boss - employee 
relationship? He was upset and confused, his mind a jumble until his 
teenaged hormones kicked in. What the hell, he  
thought, she's only 35, a widow, and extremely hot, why not? 

"Jason," she said "do you understand?" 

"Yes, ma'am," he replied, suddenly blushing at the thoughts he was 
having. 

"Good, you can go now. I'll close up the booth. Remember, 7:00 on 
the dot if you want to get what's coming to you." With that she 
turned and walked away from him thinking that everything had gone 
perfectly. 

Back at his dorm room, Jason's girlfriend Kristi was waiting for 
him. She had anticipated what had happened from the hang up. "Got 
fired huh?"
 
"Yeah," he said, starting to take off his shoes. 

Kristi sat down on the bed next to him in the small room he shared 
with another student. School had just let out for the summer and his 
roommate had gone home for the almost two months of no classes. 
Jason had decided to stay at the dorm since his parents had just 
left for a two month European tour. "What are you doing," she asked. 

"Changing," he replied. "I have to go over to Ms. 
Victoria's house so I can get paid." 

"Okay, but why change? She already fired you, why bother making a 
good impression now?" 

"Yeah, I guess you're right," he said, retying his shoe. Besides, he 
thought to himself, it was obvious she liked the clothes, despite 
what she said. 

"So let's go," Kristi said as she stood up. 
"Go where, Kris?" 

"Over to your ex-boss' place. I'd like to meet the 'Dragon Lady' who 
gave you your walking papers." 

The argument that followed was pointless and he knew it. Kristi 
would not give in so he just knuckled under and agreed, losing any 
hope he had of finding out if his suspicions were correct. 

As she turned off the light and shut the door behind them, Kristi 
thought to herself that everything was going perfectly. 

It had all been strangely pleasant, as though nothing had happened. 
They had been in the house for about forty-five minutes just 
talking, mostly about Jason. Ms. Victoria had brought them soft 
drinks and handed Jason a check for his final wages, but said 
nothing about the incident that afternoon. She had shown the 
pair around her out-of-the-way five bedroom colonial home  
that sat on the five acres of her property. She had even mentioned 
that she had a small barn out back and that she would enjoy showing 
it to him sometime. 

He downed the last of what was in his glass and sat there, on the 
sofa. He was still holding the check she had handed to him, having 
no pockets to put it in. Kristi leaned over and offered to hold it 
for him until later. Ms. Victoria just smiled as he handed over the 
check and almost fell off the sofa. Kristi leaned him back as the 
room started spinning around him. His girlfriend was stroking the 
side of his face as his eyes rolled back into his head and he began 
to black out. 

Jason drifted in and out of consciousness as the two women began 
stripping off his clothes. He was vaguely aware of what was 
happening, but was too groggy to resist. He saw Kristi hand the 
check back to the older woman who promptly tore it up. 

"He won't be needing this," she said as she tossed the remains into 
the trash.
 
Kristi had already removed the boy's tank-top, shoes, and socks when 
Victoria reached over and pulled off his shorts, revealing the white 
briefs underneath. 

"Sorry Aunt Victoria," she said. "It was the one thing he wouldn't 
go for. He even hates the skimpy swimsuits he has to wear at 
practice, so smaller underwear were out of the question, no matter 
how much I tried." 

Aunt Victoria, Jason thought, fighting back a wave of nausea as the 
room seemed to flip over. They're related? He felt his underwear 
pulled from his now naked body.

"Don't worry about it sweetheart," Victoria said, "at least you got 
him to shave, everything, I see." She rubbed her hand across his hairless groin. 

That was surprisingly easy," Kristi replied proudly. "He already had 
to shave everything else for the swim team, getting him to do his 
private parts after that was a cinch. Especially after I showed him 
that I shaved mine. Plus, yesterday I introduced him to that new 
depilatory you gave me, so we don't have to worry about any 
re-growth for at least two weeks. He enjoyed not having to use a 
razor so much that he even did his face with it." 

"Excellent," Victoria said smiling.
 
He had started to come around a bit as they brought him down to the 
basement, but was still too groggy to offer up any resistance. He 
realized now that everything had been planned by these two women. 
His girlfriend of six months and his employer of four were 
apparently related, a fact that he had been ignorant of until now. 
He wondered what they had put in his drink that could incapacitate 
him so thoroughly without completely knocking him unconscious. His 
wondering came to an abrupt end as the two women began their task in 
earnest. 

They approached him with the first item that they had pulled from 
their cabinet. It took him a moment to figure out what it was they 
were holding. He stared in horror at the black latex bodysuit, not 
believing that the way too small garment was intended for him. It 
resembled the full bodysuits worn by ballet dancers except that it 
appeared to have full coverage for the hands and feet. There was a 
zipper that went from the upper back to the top of the high neck and 
several openings strategically placed throughout. 

As Kristi began pulling the skintight suit up her boyfriend's feet, 
Victoria pulled his hands behind his back and locked them together 
with a pair of handcuffs. Jason tried to say something, but was 
hushed by Victoria who told him that if he didn't remain calm and 
quiet, things would get much more uncomfortable. Kristi laughed as 
they stood him up and, leaning his upper body against the wall, 
pulled the second skin up his legs, stopping just below his butt. 
They bent him over roughly and he felt something being pushed past 
his ass cheeks and up against his anus. He yelped as the head of the 
ten inch long dildo plug pushed into him. The boy squirmed and 
gasped as the full length of the intruder slid into his rectum, it's 
girth stretching and filling his bottom completely. Several straps 
were quickly buckled, locking the plug in place. The bodysuit was 
then pulled up over his rear, so that two plastic nozzles attached 
to the base of the plug fit through two matching holes in the suit. 
Victoria then removed his cuffs, which were meant only to restrain 
him while the plug was inserted. The women quickly pulled the rest 
of the latex suit onto him, completely encasing his body in the 
tight, stretchy rubber.

As the finishing touches were applied, Jason 
realized that his genitals had been pulled through a small opening 
in the crotch of the suit, and that his nipples also extended 
through perfectly placed holes. The boy winced as Victoria zipped up 
the back of the suit just before Kristi handed her more items from 
the cabinet. The first was a set of leather wrist cuffs which she 
used to once again lock his wrists behind his back. The second item 
was a wide leather posture collar which she then secured around his 
neck, completely covering the suit's zipper. With this high collar 
now locked in place with a small padlock, Jason found himself unable 
to lower his head. 

Victoria and Kristi stepped back and allowed the now fully conscious 
boy to stand on his own. Completely helpless, Jason stood still, not 
wanting the plug inside of him to move around. Victoria then brought 
over a length of chain and attached one end to the center of his 
wrist manacles. She then threaded the other end through the lower of 
two D rings centered at the back of his collar, and began pulling 
the chain down. 

"Kristi honey," Victoria said to her niece as she slowly raised the 
boy's arms behind his back, "it's time to gag him now. Will you take 
care of it? My hands are full." 

Kristi picked up another object and brought it over to the helpless boy. 
Seeing it momentarily took Jason's mind off of his cramping arms and 
plugged ass. It was about five inches long and shaped like a curved erect
penis. It had straps all around it and circling the base was a foam ring 
with two molded plastic projections coming out from either side. As she 
approached him with the strange gag, he winced as his arms were drawn up 
even farther behind him. 

"Please...why?" He stammered as his girlfriend turned the gag so 
that it curved downward and pushed it into his mouth. 

Kristi smiled as she wedged the head of the hard rubber cock deep in his
throat. "Just relax, sweetheart," she said, "it has to go in all the way to 
work properly." He wretched violently as she pushed it home, 
scrunching up the foam ring so it fit past his teeth. Once in place, 
the foam expanded again behind his teeth, securing the shaft in it's position.
Kristi then pulled his cheeks open and slid the molded 
plastic mouth guards into place in front of his gums, sealing off 
his mouth completely. 

Still choking on the fake cock down his throat, Jason grimaced as 
Victoria pulled hard on the chain, forcing his arms into a painfully 
unnatural reverse prayer position with his hands up between his shoulder 
blades. Victoria then padlocked the chain back down to his wrists, forcing
Jason to arch his head back to ease the pressure on his neck. Kristi took 
advantage of the boy's distraction to pull the gag's straps tightly into place, 
buckling and locking them behind his head. 

Victoria chuckled as she came around in front of him and retrieved 
yet another item. "He looks so natural with those long, hard cocks 
up his ass and down his throat. I think he likes it." 

Kristi brought over a stepladder and climbed up while Victoria attached 
a second chain to the back of Jason's collar. Passing the other end to 
Kristi, Victoria watched as she threaded it  
through a ring screwed into the ceiling. Passing the end back down 
to her aunt, Kristi climbed down and moved the ladder away, pausing 
only to pick up some leather straps. 

As Victoria watched, holding the boy's leash, Kristi buckled the 
straps tightly around Jason's ankles, calves, knees, and thighs, 
securing his lower body together. Satisfied with her efforts, the 
girl gave her aunt the thumbs up sign and watched as Victoria began 
to pull down on the chain. 

Jason panicked as he felt the tugging on the front of his collar as 
Victoria pulled the chain through the ring on the ceiling. For a 
moment he thought they were going to hang him as he choked from both 
the gag and the pressure on his collar. 

Seeing the distress in his eyes, Kristi leaned over his ear and 
whispered to him, "you can ease off the pressure a bit if you lift 
yourself up on your toes." Gratefully he did so, putting all of his 
weight on the rubber encased balls of his feet. Immediately, 
Victoria took up the slack in the chain and hooked the taught metal 
to another ring in the wall near her. Kristi then grabbed another 
strap and buckled it around his newly exposed instep. 

Victoria walked back to the cabinet to retrieve the next item in the 
women's arsenal. Kristi clapped her hands excitedly as she saw her 
aunt return with the heavy leather, rubber, and metal corset. 
Working together, they managed to slip the back of the corset into 
place under the boy's arms, pulling the two open ends around the 
front of his body. They had to stretch the ends to  
their limit in order to get the attached buckles and straps to meet. 
Once all of the straps were threaded, the women began pulling them 
tight, not stopping until they were able to buckle them in place at 
the last, tightest notch. A heavy leather flap was then pulled down 
over the buckles and zipped into place, covering them completely. 
The woman then took two small padlocks  
and attached one to each end of the flap's zipper, locking it 
closed. 

The effect of the corset was immediate. Jason's thirty inch waste 
had been reduced to a crushing twenty four inches. The pressure on 
his stomach was intense and his breathing severely limited by the 
constriction of his lungs. Thanks to his mouth filling gag, the boy 
could now only manage shallow wheezing through his nose. Panicking 
at the sudden decrease in his oxygen intake, Jason began struggling 
in his restraints. The struggling did not last long however, as the 
inability to take deep breaths prevented any prolonged strenuous 
activity. 

"Perfect," Victoria said as the two women stepped back and watched 
the boy's futile struggles come to an end. They took the moment to 
examine the fruits of their labor. Held in place by the neck, Jason 
was forced to balance all of his weight on his toes. Any attempt to 
lower himself would cause the pressure on his collar to increase 
even more than it already was from the strain of his pulled up arms. 
Satisfied with their results, Victoria moved closer to the boy and 
began to explain... 

"We still have a lot to do, so I'm going to make this short and 
sweet. The last six months of your life have all been a set up for 
this moment. Ever since my niece saw you at your swim meet, she knew 
you would be perfect for our plans. No, we don't intend to hurt you, 
well, not permanently anyway, but we do intend to use you for our 
pleasure. And this is how we get that  
pleasure. You're young, good looking, well built, and very healthy, 
the perfect boy toy. For the next month you will be our guest here. 
You will have to endure every thing we do to you and perhaps, just 
perhaps, we'll reward you from time to time with some pleasure of 
your own. Of course, that's a long ways off and all good things have 
a price as you'll eventually see."
 
"You know, Jason," Kristi chimed in, "I almost didn't chose you. 
That Freshman on your team, Michael, came in a really close second. 
But we found out he was already into this stuff, so he was no good 
for this stage in our plans." She ran her hands across his face, 
tracing the outline of the leather straps that were crisscrossing 
his features. "Just know this, baby, your suffering is turning us on 
tremendously...try to enjoy it." 

"That's enough," Victoria said, "let's finish him up. We have a big 
day tomorrow and I want him done so we can get to sleep." 

More than happy to oblige her aunt, Kristi set about continuing her 
boyfriend's preparation. She picked up a small, complicated looking 
set of leather straps and proceeded to kneel down in front of the 
bound boy. Working quickly, Kristi first buckled a thin strap around 
Jason's balls and pulled it as tight as possible. She then took a 
strap that was dangling from the center bottom of the ball strap and 
pulled it up between his testicles, separating them painfully. 
Pulling this strap to it's tightest position forced the boy's balls 
into two distinct units. 

Jason squirmed only slightly from the new sensation, trying hard not 
to upset his perch. He groaned, once again choking on the rubber 
cock head down his throat. Kristi was now stroking his cock. Her 
attentions, coupled with the restriction of the ball straps 
succeeded in making him hard. With some effort, the girl then 
managed to squeeze his erect member into a small latex  
sheath that covered it from just below the head to the base where an 
attached strap was fastened into place like a cock ring. She flicked 
the bulbous, cherry-red head of his cock with her fingernail. 

"There," she said warmly, " that'll keep you nice and hard for a 
good long time." She finished up by lifting another thin strap, this 
one attached to the sheath just under the head, over the top of his 
penis head, and threaded it through a flap at the top of the sheath. 
As she pulled the excess through, she guided a small, centered metal 
ring into place just inside his piss slit, stretching it open. Once 
it was securely in place, she brought the end of the strap up to the 
top of his corset and buckled it in place. His erect penis was now 
firmly held in an upward pointing position, away from his balls. 

Victoria came forward with a small metal bar. It had rings attached 
to each end and short dangling leather straps. She attached one of 
these straps to each of his separated testicles then allowed the bar 
to drop, horizontal to the floor. She then began hanging two pound 
lead weights from each of the rings under the bar. She put them on 
one at a time, watching as the bar fell  
lower and lower, dragging Jason's balls down and in opposite 
directions. Momentarily satisfied with ten pounds, Victoria moved 
aside to let Kristi continue. 

The boy's bodysuit had two holes which were positioned right over 
his nipples. Kristi came forward with two strange, nasty looking 
nipple clamps. She put one of the clamps over his left nipple and 
hooked the teeth into it's tip. She then pulled back on a piece at 
the rear of the clamp which caused his nipple to be stretched 
forward. Once she pulled it out as far as it would go, she engaged 
the bottom row of teeth which bit into the base of his distended 
nipple. She then repeated the process with his right nipple. Then 
with a hand on the middle section of each clamp, she pushed down 
causing a tie clip like device to pierce the elongated middle of 
each of his nipples. 

Even through his gag, the women heard his muffled scream. Almost 
passing out from the intense pain, Jason lost his balance and 
slumped against his leash. Victoria leapt in, smacking him across 
the face to bring him around. Once he was back on his feet, Kristi 
attached a light chain to each clamp and hung a two pound weight 
from each. "I told you you should have gotten your nipples pierced 
when we had your ears done," she said sarcastically, wiping the 
tears from the boy's eyes.
 
"While I go get his 'cocktail' ready," Victoria said, "you remind 
him of what's going on behind him. I think all of the attention 
we've given his front has made him forget that thick dick we slid up 
his ass." Victoria left the room, going through a side doorway and 
turning on a light.

Jason could hear water running in the distance 
as Kristi went behind him and attached a hand pump to one of the 
tubes coming out of his dildo. She slowly began squeezing air into 
the already huge plug, causing it to grow until it stretched the 
walls of his rectum to their limits. Satisfied with the pressure on 
the pumps gauge, Kristi detached it just as her aunt came back in 
holding a huge, full almost to bursting, red hot water bottle.
 
Jason eyed the bag warily because it had a tube hanging from the top. 
With difficulty, Victoria turned the heavy bag upside down, allowing 
Kristi to grab the end of the now dangling tube. Still behind the 
helpless boy, Kristi attached the tube to the second nozzle coming 
out of his now painfully inflated plug. After it was secured, Kristi 
walked around in front of her boyfriend. "All set Victoria, let 'er 
rip." 

"This part," Victoria told Jason, "was all Kristi's idea. Although 
once I heard it, I was sorry I didn't think of it myself. Remember 
this afternoon, when you said to her 'shit, Kris, I gotta go'? Well, 
this is a play on those words. Just think of it as," she released a 
small clamp at the top of the enema bag's hose, "'I got to go shit 
Kris', instead. Unfortunately, you won't be able to." Victoria hung 
the filled one gallon bag from the chain attached to the boy's neck, 
allowing gravity to do it's job.
 
Jason saw Kristi smile evilly as he felt the first of the flowing 
hot, soapy water enter his bowels. She placed a hand on his 
tightly corseted stomach, rubbing the thick material in mock 
sympathy. Jason felt the first cramps hit him like a knife. With his 
stomach unable to expand due to the corset, the pressure forced the 
punishing liquid higher and higher into his intestines.  
Jason squirmed in his bonds as the cramps intensified. he thought he 
was going to explode as the last of the fluid drained out of the bag 
and into him.
 
"That was quick," Kristi said, almost disappointed, "can we give him 
more?" 

Victoria looked thoughtful. "No, I don't think so. One gallon is 
quite a bit. We just can't see the results because of the corset. 
trust me though, he's quite full." Jason moaned in agreement. "Why 
don't you clean up the enema supplies while I go get the other 
'cocktail' we discussed?" 

Victoria headed upstairs as Kristi clamped off the tube, sealed 
Jason's anal plug, and removed the enema bag. Jason tried to 
communicate his distress as his girlfriend worked around him. She 
ignored his whimpering pleas and just smiled at him, finishing up 
just as her aunt returned with yet another, albeit smaller, filled 
enema bag with hose. 

Victoria attached the new hose to the boy's gag and opened the 
clamp. "This is a special drink we cooked up just for you. It 
contains, not that you won't find out for yourself in a little 
while, a powerful colonic cleansing solution that's going to loosen 
up all of the nasty stuff in your upper intestine and force it out. 
Of course, it won't be able to go anywhere with you plugged up, so I 
wouldn't worry about it too much," she smiled sweetly. "It also 
contains a very strong diuretic that's going to make your bladder  
drain. Kristi will be seeing to that in a moment. And finally, it 
has a mild emetic which will make you want to vomit. But, as you can 
no doubt tell from that very restrictive gag you're wearing, nothing 
can come out of your mouth, so I don't recommend giving in to the 
nausea." 

Jason began to wretch as the fluid poured out of the cock gag 
embedded in his throat and ran down to his already full stomach, 
mixing with the still hot, soapy enema water. He felt like he was 
going to drown as his gag reflex forced the liquid into his already 
burning gut. For a moment he almost lost his balance again as a 
massive cramp hit, but he managed to right himself,  
doing his best to block out the pain. 

Once the bag was empty, Victoria stepped aside and allowed Kristi to 
kneel once more in front of the boy. Holding another item, Kristi 
grabbed hold of Jason's swollen cock. Carefully, she slid the end of 
a thick plastic catheter tube into his held open piss slit. The tube 
fit right through the ring embedded in the mouth of his penis. Using 
firm pressure, Kristi worked the entire length of the twelve inch 
tube into his shaft, watching with satisfaction as his body jerked 
with every inch. Once imbedded in his  
bladder, Kristi clamped off the tube then retrieved her hand pump 
and inflated the attached balloon inside of him, ensuring that the 
catheter would not come out on its own. 

"Jason sweetie, you ok? We're almost done here," Victoria said as 
she came forward holding another piece of black rubber. It was a 
full stretch hood with a small hole in the mouth area for the gag 
tube, and two thick tubes at the level of his nostrils, each several 
inches long. Victoria stretched the hood over his head and pulled 
the tight material down, blocking out his vision and completely 
covering his face. She adjusted the contouring rubber so that the 
hole and tubes were properly positioned. Otherwise airtight, Jason 
found himself breathing through the tubes that were now penetrating 
his nostrils. Unable to see, the boy felt something get attached to 
his catheter and then what was obviously the other end, was pushed 
through the hood and onto his gag tube. he trembled, realizing that 
the diuretic would start working soon. 

Victoria attached the hood to the boy's collar, completing his 
rubber encapsulation. She then lengthened the two nostril tubes by 
attaching a Y-shaped adapter piece that tapered into a single tube. 
Leaving that dangling at his side, she forced three inches of tubing 
into each of his nostrils and up his nasal passage. She clipped the 
single tube piece into place on the upper lip of his hood and gave a 
small tug to ensure the tubes would not come out. Satisfied, she 
waited while Kristi handled the next part of Jason's torture.
 
Victoria's niece took a black electrical cord and attached one end 
to a plug in hole on the boy's inflated dildo, she then plugged the 
other end into a nearby electrical outlet. The women watched as 
Jason began shifting on his toes, lurching as the now vibrating cock 
thrust violently in his rectum, churning up his enema.
 
Pleased with the state of the boy, the women picked up a large 
bucket and the enema bag and moved into the small sideroom where 
they proceeded to give each other a two quart enema. They held the 
liquid as each pissed into the bucket. After fifteen minutes, they 
expelled the contents of their bowels into the bucket as well. 
Bringing the bucket, filled with their waste, they returned to the 
room where Jason was suffering in muted agony. They put a thinly 
slotted cover over the top of the bucket and set it next to the boy. 

"Well, Jason, this is it, the last of your preparations for now. We 
control every part of you and now we're even going to control your 
breathing. Kristi..." With those words from her aunt, the girl 
picked up the boy's dangling nasal tube and attached it to a small 
nozzle on the bucket, just above the filled level. Jason recoiled as 
he breathed in the foul, stinking air that passed through the 
slotted top and got sucked into his tube.
 
"Oh," Kristi said suddenly, "we lied. I forgot something." With 
that, Kristi unclipped the clamp on the boy's catheter. The women 
watched as the uncontrollable flow of his urine drained into his 
throat. They surveyed their handiwork as the boy struggled to keep 
from vomiting. The boy looked like a deformed, perverted black 
rubber mannequin. 

Arms numb and calves aching, Jason's body was an immobile, sadistic 
artpiece. his bowels were cramping intensely from both the huge 
enema and the now taking effect colon cleanser. Unable to release 
due to the huge, vibrating, inflated dildo that sealed his rectum as 
tight as a drum, the suffering boy endured each wave of pain by 
attempting to focus on his other distractions. As if the fetid air 
was not enough to make him nauseated, the emetic had kicked in and 
Jason had to consciously prevent himself from vomiting in order to 
keep from choking on anything that welled up in his throat. 
Thankfully he had apparently downed the first wave of his piss, but 
he knew their would be more. 

Strangely though, Jason was aroused and felt as though he would cum 
if only one of the women would just touch his tortured cock. Of 
course the ladies had already decided that gratification was not 
something in their plans for the boy in the near future. Knowing 
this, Jason began to accept his fate.
 
Giving the nipple and ball weights a swing, Victoria said, "It's a 
little chilly down here, maybe we should do something to make him 
more comfortable." Kristi laughed at the comment and helped Victoria 
move two halogen floor lamps into place with their high output bulbs 
pointing at the boy from the front and back. Turning them on caused 
the area around Jason to rise to almost 90 degrees. Inside his latex 
bodysuit, the boy began to sweat causing the rubber suit to contract 
in the heat. 

"He looks wonderful," Victoria said. "Let's let him get some sleep. 
Tomorrow's going to be a big night and he'll need at least 24 hours 
rest to prepare." 

Shocked at the thought of being left like this for 24 hours, Jason's 
mind began transferring all of his tortures into one lump ache. 
Slowly the boy phased out and became one with his suffering. He was, 
however, still aware enough to hear Kristi's last comment as she and 
her aunt exited the room. 

"Do you think Jason will enjoy playing with Michael once we get him 
down here?" 

"It doesn't really matter," Victoria responded as she shut the 
overhead light and closed the door behind her, locking it, "we sure 
will." 

The End? 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tyjord


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





