BDSM Library - The Bible Belt




The Bible Belt
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is loosely based on the premise of a song done by Travis Tritt called, 'The Bible Belt'. It was written just for the sheer fun of taking a song and making it into something erotically fun.
The Bible Belt

This story is loosely based on the premise of a song done by Travis Tritt
called, 'The Bible Belt'.  I have made a few modifications, of course, and I
write this one just for the sheer fun of taking a song and making it into
something erotically fun. {giggles, my apologies to Mr. Tritt, but I found his
song just too irresistible not to have some fun with it ;)}


~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Matthew is the assistant pastor to a small church in a small southern town, deep
in the heart of the Bible belt. He is unmarried, and good looking enough to turn
all the heads of all the ladies in the parish. He was sent to this small
southern town as an assistant pastor and to prepare to take over the pulpit once
the old pastor decides to retire.


The elder pastor hasn't looked upon the presence of Matthew as a gift from
heaven, but more or less a sign of his age. He refuses to allow our good man
Matthew to deliver a sermon no matter how old and tired or sick he may feel. He
has been the pastor of this small parish for 25 years and has no intention of
sharing his pulpit. Making Matthew harbor a little resentment and just a little
more than his share of frustration.



The young lady in our story is Lorrie, she leads the choir and plays piano for
the church and by day she serves the community as a nice quiet librarian. She is
stunningly beautiful but hides it away. She is very young and has a body that
was made for sin, and as soon as Pastor Matthew hit town she has carried a torch
that burns hotter than the fires of hell.


Six months prior to the good pastor Matt coming to town Lorrie made a discovery
one night at home while accessing the Internet. She booted up her computer early
one evening after forgetting to bring home a new romance novel to read. Since
she had nothing in the house that she hadn't already read, Lorrie decided to
take a look at a few book review websites.


After getting connected to the net she checked her email, even though she knew
there would be no personal emails there, only spam, she always deletes it then
goes about searching her book sites. But on this night one of the subject lines
on one of the unsolicited emails caught Lorrie's attention. It read, 'All NEW
stories!' she clicked on it after telling herself she could always hit delete if
it was from 'one of those sites'. Once it was open Lorrie could see that the
greeting was to her, "Hello Lorrie!" it read, but nowhere else in the email did
it mention it was a link to a porno site, so our darling little Lorrie decided
to take a peek.



The website opened in a new window and was slow loading, Lorrie went to her
kitchen for a glass of wine and a light snack. Upon her return she was shocked
to see the pictures of nude couples engaged in various suggestive positions. She
was about to click the little x at the top of the page and close the site when
all those wonderful story titles played in her mind. She looks around her lonely
dark home as if checking for anybody that could be watching, and rationalized to
herself that no one would know or find out, so what could it hurt? Just a quick
peek that's all she was going to do... She closed her eyes, moved the mouse
around and clicked, a story at random, it made it seem less of a 'sin' to her.
She began to read.


The story was standard, two people talking as friends and always their
conversations flirted with sexual intrigue. Their flirtation grew and their
talks went to darker places, they talked of ropes, and control, then one day
they knew they had to take that step to be together. Lorrie read and was
intrigued by the bondage aspect but when she read the thoughts of the young lady
in the story something happened inside Lorrie, she sat upright; her ears rang
with the hum of her pounding heart as she read and reread the thoughts of the
girl in the story.


"We are both trying something new; neither one of us know what we are doing, we
only know we need to go here.  With this man, it's not lighthearted or playing a
silly game.  It's serious.  It's dangerous and exciting. What is he going to do
to me?  Will I let him?  Am I in over my head?  Well, yes, I guess I am.  The
really scary part here is that I really want to be in over my head.  I want to
give up control.  I want to be thrilled and scared and satisfied."


The words the girl is saying in her head speak to Lorrie as if they were written
just for her. Her heart races as she whispers, "yessss, to give up control."
Lorrie begins to shake as her breathing quickens, she reads the rest of the
story. She feels the stirrings awaking inside her own body as she reads how this
man ties the girl and teases her playfully, how the pain isn't pain but pleasure
that unlocks the girls inhibitions and frees her from her fears. Tears sting
Lorrie's eyes as she reads how the girl takes flight into subspace. Something is
happening to Lorrie she feels her life shift and an understanding of herself
takes root.



That night Lorrie went to bed feeling restless and the moisture between her legs
would not allow her to sleep. She has tried to masturbate before but it has
always ended with her feeling guilty and like she has committed a sin, it was
after all the way she was taught, good girls don't do these things. But this
night is different; she kicks at the covers and lightly trails her fingers over
her stomach and between her legs. Lorrie feels how damp her panties have become,
she remembers the words, "I want to give up control." Lorrie feels a pull from
inside herself almost like a flutter; she moves her hand back up to the
waistband of her panties and slowly slides it inside.



Her finger parts the wet lips of her sex, she's so wet, wetter than she has ever
been. She holds her finger just at the entrance of her virgin body and feels a
new flood of her juices as she thinks about how the girl was tied and how he
teased her till she was at the point of cumming and then he thrust his fingers
into the girl as his mouth sucked hard on her clit. Lorrie brought her finger
upward and barely touched the tip of her clit. Her back arched as that sweet
pull from before exploded thru her body. The first orgasm of her life, she shook
with pleasure and drifted off into a peaceful sleep.
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

That had been six months before Matthew came to the small sleepy town, she had
changed so much in that six months. She started wearing makeup and wearing her
clothing differently, she was turning heads everywhere she went, she was slowly
becoming the talk of every gossip circle that existed throughout the little
town, deep in the heart of the Bible belt.


She dated a few men but never would she allow any of them to touch her, she
wasn't ready, and they just weren't right, she knew by instinct that not a one
of them could take the control she wanted to offer. But when she sat at the
piano one Sunday morning in walked Matthew, her heart fluttered and she felt
that sweet pull inside, she knew someday she would seduce him and hopefully
loosen a notch in the Bible belt of this sleepy little southern town.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Night after night Lorrie read the stories on the Internet, she chatted in rooms
with names like, 'Master and slave room', 'Get to know the slut inside', and
'The Bondage Room'. She played occasionally with a few of the Dominant males,
but never anything serious. She learned many things and finally she knew it was
time, she was nervous and excited, she picked up the phone and called Pastor
Matthew.



"Pastor Matthew, I could use some advice. I got problems with a man that I know
you'll understand. If you could help me it sure would be nice."


They made arrangements to meet in his office at the church for later that
evening, she put on a nice black sexy dress and applied her makeup ever so
carefully and fixed her hair in an appealing way. She stood back and looked at
herself, she felt the butterflies in her stomach, she had never done this
before, but she plans to seduce him, and she knew it was now or never.


She arrived on time and Pastor Matthew was already in his office. She softly
knocked on his door and he opened it with a smile and invited her in. She sat in
the chair he offered her and he walked around his desk and sat down, "What can I
do to help you Lorrie?" He asked. But inside his own head he was making comment
just how beautiful she looked.


"Well Pastor Matth....may I please call you Matthew?"


"Please, yes, it's not like I am the pastor after all." He answered with a
strained smile.



"Well Matthew I have been having trouble with my thoughts about a man."


"What kind of troubled thoughts are you having Lorrie?"


"I think about this man morning, noon and night. I think about him first thing
as I wake up in the morning. I think about him when I eat my meals. I think
about him when I drive to work and back home again. I think about him as I sing
and play the piano." She lowers her eyes and speaks the last in a whisper, "and
I think about him at night as I lay in my bed."



He takes a mental note on her whispered confession that she thinks about him in
bed at night. And wonders what else she does other than think of this man. He is
slightly shocked at his thoughts and the jealousy he felt in thinking of this
man taking up so much of Lorrie's thoughts. He silently reminds himself that she
is here for his council as her pastor, he mustn't abuse that trust.



"Well, Lorrie, there isn't anything wrong in caring about someone so much that
you think about him all the time. What kind of trouble could there be in that?
Unless...could the trouble be that he is married?"


"Oh no! no, no, no, he isn't married." She chuckles lightly breaking a little of
the tension she feels.



"Well, then I can't see why this is troubling you."


"It's because he doesn't know how I feel about him."


"I see, well you know that in this day and age it is okay for a woman to ask a
man out, you know? You don't have to necessarily wait for him to ask you.
Personally I think he is a lucky man to have someone who cares so deeply for
him."



This wasn't going like she thought it would, she was feeling really nervous and
thought maybe it wasn't the right time. The silence overtook the room and she
looked away.


Matthew sat looking at her, she was beautiful he thought, the black dress
showing off the delicate curve of her breasts and the round softness of her
hips....What are you doing? He screamed at himself inside his head. She is a
parishioner here seeking your help! Stop this right now! But he knew he
couldn't, he had to know more about this mystery man that took up so much of her
thinking. What kind of things was she thinking anyway?


"Lorrie, why are these thoughts of this man so troubling to you? Do you feel
guilty for some reason?" He asked her breaking the silence and just as she
looked away. Something inside his head told him to push the subject, he liked
the way her face was turning red with embarrassment, it excited him.


"You said you think of him at night as you lay in bed. Lorrie, is that all you
do at night is think about him? Or do you do something that maybe has you
feeling some sort of guilt?"


Her heart skips a beat at his questions, she stumbles over her words, she's
embarrassed but at the same time she feels that familiar dampness between her
legs begin to moisten her silk panties, she shifts nervously in her chair and
the heat in her face becomes acute.


She tries to look up at him behind his desk, but can't seem to quite meet his
stare. "Uhm...well...I...uhhhhh...I..."



"Let me help you here Lorrie. Do you touch yourself when you think about this
man?"


Lorrie's head drops again and she looks away, she feels the tears stinging her
eyes. She needed to leave, this wasn't how she meant to do this tonight. She
couldn't move, his question hanging in the air, what was she going to do? She
shocked herself as she heard herself answering him in a hushed stuttered
whisper, "yes...yes I t-t-touch myself when I think about him."


"I see. And this makes you feel dirty? Or guilty?"



She stifles a small sob.



"Lorrie, you were brought up in a small town where the church and parents taught
that it is a bad thing to do, that it is a sin to touch yourself. That
self-gratification is against God. You feel like you should have some sort of a
penance for doing this at night, don't you?"  He watches her for a response; he
sees a small shiver that she tries to control it. He smiles, her face is so red,
he thinks about the internet site he likes so much that he found one night when
the frustration over his work took hold a little too deep, and how he would love
to see Lorrie bent over his desk with her dress up over her round hips....How
could he find out if Lorrie would submit to such a 'punishment?'


Lorrie looked up at Matthew, the silence in the room was unbearable, he was
smiling and seemed to be lost in thought. Maybe she should just get up and
apologize for taking up so much of his time and get out of this because nothing
was going as she planned.


Just as she started to give her apology and leave, he spoke again.


"Lorrie, I asked you a question. Do you feel you need to fulfill a penance for
touching yourself at night?"


Lorrie is so startled she can't believe the hold he has on her, she wants so
much to give him the control she has longed to give for so long. She whispers
again, "yes, I guess I do feel that way."


"Will you trust me Lorrie to do what I think will help you?"


She looks at him and nods her head yes, but feels embarrassed again and quickly
looks away.


She is so submissive he thinks to himself, how could he have not noticed this
before? He shook his head to clear the sudden thought of something he was once
told back in seminary school, "When you're dealing with the devil it's hard to
keep a level head." His thoughts were level, he wanted her and he was going to
have her, he knows that the flames of passion burn and his soul will melt if he
doesn't take her now.


While Lorrie's head is down and turned away trying to fight back tears of
embarrassment Matthew stands and walks around to the back of her chair. He
places his hands on her shoulders; she jumps a little startled at the sudden
presence of his touch. "Lorrie, trust me. Trust that I know how to help you with
these guilt feelings you have for touching yourself."


Lorrie nods and sighs at the warmth of his hands. "Please stand up and place
your hands on my desk, and I want you to bend slightly."


What? She thinks to herself, what is he going to do? She stands up and bends
slightly, placing her hands on top of his desk. She waits, and then hears a
click as he locks his office door. What is he doing? But as soon as the question
in her head is completed she feels the first swat delivered to her poised
behind.


She jumped with surprise, but closes her eyes as the warmth spreads outward from
the sting. She waits for another without a word. He pauses to think about his
stinging hand and how it will only sting more; he removes his belt.



"Lorrie, before I continue I must know a few things."


"She whispers back, "Yes, anything, what do you need to know?"


"Do you trust me?"


"y-y-yes I trust you."


"How long have you been doing this at night?"


She bites her lip before she answers, "Almost a year." She answers in another
hushed whisper.


Moving closer to her he is just a breath away from her ear he whispers sternly
as he asks, "Who is the man you think about Lorrie?"


Her body shivers as she hears the question and feels him so close to her neck
that she can feel him breathing. How could she possibly answer that one? She
hangs her head and sighs loudly. "I-I-I can't tell you that."


"I see, well maybe once we're done here you will tell me what I need to know.
But for now let us get this over with. For almost a year you have touched
yourself at night and have made yourself feel dirty like a whore." His words
were harsh and so close to her ear; she flinched as if she had been slapped. He
loved to see her stand like this; he was enjoying her embarrassment. He stepped
back and lifted the belt and swatted her again.


Over and over he swatted her thru the material of her dress, but he needed to
see, he needed to see the red welts the leather belt was sure to be producing on
her perfectly round butt. Did he dare?  Four more swats and she was growing weak
in the knees, she laid down flat against his desk and waited for the swats to
continue. Tears flowed over her cheeks and she sobbed heavily against her folded
arms. He pauses again, knowing he has to see the marks he is leaving on her,
"Lorrie, who is the man?"


Lorrie sobs uncontrollably, she shakes her head and repeats she can't tell him.
"Do you want me to continue Lorrie?"


"Noooo, God please no, no more, no more no more." She cries.



"Well, then Lorrie you need to only tell me who the man is you think about as
you treat yourself like a whore."


She sobs so hard but breaks as he cracks the belt over her round hips once more,
"Y----you.... the man is you!" The words come out staggered between sobs. He
drops the belt to the floor and pulls her onto his lap as he sits down in the
seat she had occupied before. He soothes her and calms her sobs that have her
shaking so badly.

"Shhhhhhhhh, all over now. Let it go, cry and get it all out. I got ya, feel me
holding you and all is going to be okay."


His fingers softly stroke her tearstained face, "shhhhhhhhhhhhh." Her face turns
to his and they come together for a long awaited kiss. His lips felt warm
against hers, almost burning with the same heat that now spread across her hips.


He slips his arm under her legs and lifts her up cradling her in his arms as he
stands, and gently sits her on the edge of the desk. They kiss again as his
hands tenderly stroke the curve of her breasts. Her legs open for him to stand
between them, their bodies pressed against each other, his arms move around her
and finds the zipper of her dress, he pulls back to look into her eyes, nothing
else matters but the moment they are both caught up in, his schooling to be a
preacher, forgotten, the gossip this could create in a small town not even a
thought; her thoughts of loosening a notch in the Bible belt about to take hold
and come to life.


She stands up for him to remove her dress; he turns her around to see the red
welts he made on her pretty little round behind. His fingers trail over them and
she shivers at his gentle touch. He kisses her back from between her shoulder
blades down the center to the top of the waistband of her panties. His fingers
delicately slid them down her legs, kissing as he goes. She turns and he picks
her back up and sits her on the desk, she's wet and warm and opens her legs to
invite him in.


His mouth lightly places kisses over her body, she moans softly and closes her
eyes and enjoys his soft playful kisses and licks that dance across each nipple.
He parts her legs wider as he kneels down between them and inhales her sweet
aroma filling the air. Placing gentle kisses on the insides of her thighs he
works upward till he places his lips around her clit. She gasps at the
intensity, this was nothing like what she has ever felt on her own. He begins to
lick as he starts to slide one finger into her tight opening, he stops as he
feels the last veil of innocence she owns; she is offering not only her
submission tonight but also her virginity. He doesn't go any deeper, but licks
and sucks till her body shakes, she's so close and he wants this to be so
special for her, he doesn't want to cause her pain, just ecstasy.


Matthew stands and removes his clothing never breaking his eye contact with
Lorrie. Once he was nude he kneeled back down between Lorrie's opened legs and
began to lick and suck her in earnest. Shaking and nearing an explosive orgasm
Matthew stands and gently lays Lorrie back against his desk, his hand rubs up
and down the shaft of his hard cock, precum glistens off the tip, he moves it
gently back and forth over her wet slit, the lips part for him so easily and he
enters her slowly.



The feel of him is nothing like she expected, her eyes widen with all the
innocence she as left. He pushes forward a little more and backs out. In and out
so slow and careful, careful not to break that precious veil too soon. His thumb
against her clit, the pressure of it causing a low sweet moan to escape from
Lorrie's lips, Matthew speeds up just a bit, knowing that she is going to cum he
bends over her carefully still holding himself just inside of her. His face
nears hers, a passionate kiss, he pulls almost all the way out, and just as
their tongues meet for that warm seductive dance of lovers caught up in the heat
of the moment he thrusts hard into her taking her as his.


The pain wasn't as great as she feared; it was quick and fleeting as Matthew
fucked her on his desk. The pleasure overtook any guilt and pain that was felt.
Matthew made love to Lorrie and in the process made her his, she was cumming so
hard, squeezing around him like a tight warm glove, her muscles milked him till
he could hold back no longer, he pulled from the warmth of Lorrie's body and
they both watched as his cum pulsed from his hard cock coated with Lorrie's cum.


His cum was warm and laid in splatters over Lorrie's tummy, her fingers playing
in it with all the curiosity of an innocent child. Watching his eyes and feeling
his cum between her fingers she lifts them to her mouth and sucks them clean,
Matthew moans aloud as he watches this sweet little vixen suck his cum from her
fingers, they both shiver and sigh in complete contentment.


The night ahead of them was long. They went back to her house and all through
the night they explored each other, and he awarded Lorrie with that sweet pain
mixed with pleasure she had craved for almost a year. Lorrie gave up the control
and Matthew took it and held it tenderly in his safe keeping.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

That was how Matthew and Lorrie's life together began, it should be noted that
at the time he made her his, that collective sigh could be heard across the
south. Some say it was just a gentle breeze on a hot summer night, but we all
know it was that loosened notch made deep in the heart of the Bible belt.



Randy's treasure,
Liana




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Liana


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





