BDSM Library - Let's Make a Deal




Let's Make a Deal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three teens get in over their heads when they try to sell the drugs they find in a bus station bathroom.
Let's Make a Deal

"Just keep your shit together and your mouth shut, okay?"  Justin looks sharply
at Matt, his voice far calmer than he feels.  "Easy as pie-we go in, we make the
deal, we leave."

"Are you scared?"  Matt's eyes dart toward the warehouse, his fingers tapping
nervously on the dash.

"Fuck, no!"  At nineteen, Justin knows just enough about selling drugs to be
dangerous . . . to himself, his friends.  His knowledge comes from movies, TV
shows, rap songs.  But opportunity had knocked in the form of a backpack left in
the bus station bathroom, a bag full of neat, powder-filled packages.  He wasn't
about to pass up the chance to make a hefty bit of cash. 

"But it's not our shit."  Matt is younger, not so brave, but perhaps smarter
where it counts.  "We should have just left it, we shouldn't have-"

"Shut the fuck up, okay?  No way this is going to go any way but good."  Justin
glares, turns off the headlights, pulls the keys out of the ignition.  "Hey, you
don't want in, just say so, you can fucking leave."

"No, man-I'm in, I'm not letting you go in alone."

"Good job,"  Justin smiles, far more relieved than he would ever let on, "but
she stays out here, okay?"  He looks back at Lydia, Matt's sister.  She was the
one who actually found the backpack.  She's also just 13, hot though she may be.

"Absolutely,"  Matt nods vehemently, "she shouldn't even be here at all."

"I found it!"  Lydia's voice is small, petulant, her blue eyes bright in the
lamplight, blond hair shining even in the pale light.

"Yeah, and you shouldn't be here." 


"So let's see it."  Johnny Arviso--Vito to his friends--leans back, arms folded
across his chest, eyes narrow.  That the fucking punks would dare steal the pack
from the bathroom is bad enough-that they would be stupid enough to try to sell
it BACK to him is nigh on ridiculous.  He watches Justin lay the pack on the
plain steel table, fumble with the zipper.  Kid is clueless, his every move,
every word proclaims it.  This is going to be an absolute pleasure.

Justin takes a deep breath, opens the pack, pulling the flap down to reveal the
packages, fat with heroin.  He looks at Matt, swipes the sweat from his upper
lip.  Matt looks down, hands in his jacket pockets.  Justin nods, looks up,
unblinking.

"How much is there?"  Vito nods to his brother.  "Manny?"  Manny reaches
forward, gloved hands pulling the packages out, lining them up.

"There's-there's 20 packages."  Justin's voice cracks, he curses his
nervousness.

"But how much is there?"  Vito speaks slowly, as if to a dull child.  "A gram, a
key?  How much?"

"I-I don't know."

"You don't know?"  Vito's tone is light, his expression amused.  "You don't
know-I thought you said you bought this shit.  You didn't weigh it?"

He laughs at Justin's foot shuffling, eye darting, motioning for his case.  A
third man steps forward, and Vito stifles a laugh at the visible jump from
Justin and Matt.  "This is Abie-he is my best friend.  Much as-" he nods toward
Matt, "much as he is yours, I am assuming."

Justin nods mutely, watches as Vito opens the case, pulls out a scale.

"Now we discover the worth of your merchandise."

Justin and Matt watch, fascinated, as Vito opens each package, takes a small
sample before placing it on the scale.  His motions are slow, deliberate, though
he knows neither boy has the smarts to lighten the packages, cut the product. 
It's all a part of the game, of wasting time. 

"Mmm," Vito nods as he weighs the last package, "very nice, very nice."

"How much is it worth?"  Justin's voice is tight, excited, "What will you give
me?"

"Ahhh," laughter, Vito smiling broadly, "I will give you . . . nothing."

"W-what?"

"Why should I give you anything?  You bring my OWN product to me, after STEALING
it from me, and you think I should pay?"  Vito's tone is low now, dangerous, his
eyes smoldering.  "I give you-your life, and the life of your friend.  It is a
very good offer, boy, I suggest you take it."

Justin stares, shocked, then angry-this has gone very wrong very quickly, and
he's not about to let it all slip through his fingers.  Reaching into his
jacket, he pulls out his father's Ruger Mark II, aims it shakily. 

"What is that?"  Vito laughs harshly, his eyes incredulous, "Is that supposed to
be a gun?  That-that pea-shooter is supposed to frighten me?"  He reaches into
his belt, brings out a 44.  "This is a gun, you stupid fuck," he points it at
Matt, "want to put it to the test?  You pull your trigger, I'll pull mine."

"Oh, fuck, Justin!"  Matt's eyes are huge, head shaking in terror, "just put it
down, put it the fuck down!"

"N-no, bullshit!"  Justin's voice is trembling, weak, his hand shaking violently
as he keeps his gun trained on Vito, "He's bluffing, he's fucking bluffing."  He
stares at Vito, tries to steady his voice, "Just give me the shit and we'll go,
nobody gets hurt."

"No."  Vito gives a wide, winning smile, "You had your chance to walk away, and
you chose instead to pull a gun on me.  Now somebody gets hurt."  Nodding, Vito
gestures toward the door. 

"M-Matt?"  Lydia's voice, high, terrified.  Matt and Justin turn toward her
voice, stunned as she is dragged in, her hands bound tightly behind her. 
"M-Mattie, please . . .?"

"Somebody gets hurt."  Vito's voice snaps Justin back, "Her, if you wish.  Just
keep holding that gun and she gets hurt very badly."

"Put it the fuck down, Justin!"  Matt is panicked, enraged.  "Put it DOWN!"

Vito smiles, grabs Lydia, presses the gun against her face.  "So pretty, so
pretty," he traces her cheek with the barrel, pushing it against her pink lips,
forcing it into her mouth, "do you think she'll still be pretty with a new hole
in her head?"


Justin strains, his hands bound securely to the iron beam behind him.  His
shouts are muffled, a filthy rag jammed into his mouth, held in place by his own
belt.  The sound of Lydia's sobs compete with Matt's whispered pleas.  Justin
stares, horrified as Matt is shoved to his knees, his eyes pleading as Vito
steps before him, unzipping his trousers.

"Please no, please-" Matt's appeal is cut short, cruel thumbs ground into his
cheeks, forcing his jaws wide.  His voice is muffled, his cries turned to
gagging moans as his face is filled, the rigid tool pushing relentlessly into
his protesting throat.  Matt's eyes are wide, horrified as Vito begins thrusting
hard, filling his throat, choking him with his thick meat.  Matt struggles to
breathe between strokes, tears flowing as Manny kneels behind him, pops the
buttons on his jeans effortlessly.  Matt's knees scrape painfully as he
struggles to escape the prodding, pressing tool against his ass.

Justin's struggles become frantic as Matt's cries become shrill, agonized.  He
watches, sickly fascinated as Manny's huge cock slowly disappears in Matt's
jerking ass.  The cruel thrusts begin, shaking Matt, slamming him forward
against Vito, forcing the cock in his face deeper.  Justin closes his eyes
against the sight, but can't block out the sounds of Matt's screams, his pained
groans cut off in gagging strokes. 

Lydia watches the rape of her brother, her breath coming in sick sobs, her eyes
locked on his torture.  It's her fault, she knows-if only she hadn't taken the
backpack, if she'd just given it to Matt instead of Justin!  She should have
called the cops as soon as she opened it, saw what was inside.  But stupid
greed, that idiotic teenage sense of invulnerability had led her, led all of
them.  Her sobs deepen as Matt's struggles become frantic, a sick gurgling
coming from his mouth as Vito ejaculates, holding Matt's head down close as he
fills his mouth, his throat with thick, sour cum.

Matt gags, sputters, his throat working desperately around Vito's tool,
swallowing sickly as his throat is flooded again and again with waves of spunk. 
His belly rebels, he retches weakly, body still shaking with the ripping rape of
his asshole, the hard, pounding thrusts.  He groans, grunts with each stroke,
falling forward as Vito releases him.  His eyes stare dully at Vito's feet as
Manny begins to moan, his cock swelling, jumping in Matt's bleeding ass.  With a
shout, Manny slams forward viciously, forcing Matt to his belly on the cold
floor as his cock explodes, filling the boy's bleeding hole with his cum. 


Justin shudders, eyes fixed on Matt's pale face.  He sees the cum trickling from
his friends mouth, nose, tears streaming from his whining face.  His mind
races-he'll do anything, anything to avoid being raped, being used.  He'd rather
die.

"Does it hurt?"  Vito's tone is light, mocking as he pulls Matt's head up by the
hair.

"Please . . ." Matt whimpers, his eyes glassy, tear-filled.  He trembles
violently, ass ringing, belly cramping from the rape.  He feels the pink-tinged
cum running from him, moans.

"Please?"  Vito looks over at  Abie.  "I think he's in pain, should we give him
something?"  Vito laughs as Abie approaches, a syringe in hand.

"This will help you feel better."  Vito smiles as Matt struggles weakly, held
down by Manny.  The needle disappears into the vein, and Matt's straining
weakens, then stops.  "There, isn't that better?"  Vito strokes Matt's sweating
face, nods at the vacant expression, the thick moans.


Lydia screams shrilly, her feet scraping at the cement as she struggles to scoot
back, away.  Abie's hand snakes out, grabs her hair, jerking her forward.  Lydia
thrashes, kicks violently, squealing as her shirt is ripped open, her skirt torn
from her hips.   Abie lifts her, an arm around her twisting waist, drags her to
the table.  Throwing her back, he grasps her legs, hikes them over his
shoulders, trapping her on her back.  He chews his gum evenly, smiling slightly
as he reaches down, yanks her lace panties to the side. 

"How old are you, whore?"  His voice is husky, low as his hand moves across her
belly, grasps her lacey bra.  "How old?"  He gives a hard tug, laughs as the
material gives, revealing her small, round breasts.  "HOW FUCKING OLD?"  He
leans forward, grabs her hair, jerking her head up, "ANSWER ME!"

"Th-thirteen!" Lydia sobs, legs kicking helplessly over his shoulders, her chest
working side to side as he paws her breasts, squeezing, pinching her pink
nipples. 

"Mmmm, sweet."  Abie leans further forward, forcing her legs down, back. 
Grasping the base of his cock, he rubs her pussy lips roughly, parting her,
baring her virgin hole.  Lydia begins screaming again, her cries cut off as he
thrusts cruelly into her, shredding her hymen with one vicious stroke.  "Nice,
baby girl, nice," Abie's voice is breathy, he pants as he slams into her, his
rhythm fast, furious.  He captures a small, bouncing breast, begins sucking,
moaning at how the whole thing fits in his mouth.  "Little girl, little girl,"
he breathes, moving to her other breast, "I love a sweet little girl."  He puts
his full weight on her, grinding her against the cold metal as he traps her
head, begins kissing her obscenely, his tongue pushing into her resisting mouth.


Justin watches intently, his cock stiffening as Abie slams mercilessly into
Lydia's bleeding pussy.  This is a nightmare-and he is more aroused than he's
ever been.  He listens to her squeaking sobs, her gasps and grunts, watches her
little body squirming under the big man.  He wishes he were one of them.

Matt groans, his eyes rolling, his mind only somewhat aware of what's happening. 
He struggles to rise, his bloody thighs straining as he tries to get his legs
under him.  He falls, tries again, then collapses weakly, his baby sister's
cries filling his ears.

Lydia writhes helplessly under Abie's thrusting body, her eyes wide, her voice
hoarse from screaming, sobbing.  She begins to whine in horror as his panting
turns to moans, his hips grinding unevenly, cock swelling inside her battered
pussy.  She squeals raspily, knowing, knowing he's about to cum inside her.  She
may be inexperienced, but she knows how to get pregnant. 

Abie shouts, his hips slamming down, pinning her as his cock explodes.  He
groans, biting her breasts cruelly as he fills her, his cum flooding her, hot
and thick.  He shudders, continues fucking his spunk deep, relishing in her
whines, her sick pleas.  He collapses on her as his softening cock slips from
her torn pussy, releasing a flow of pink to trickle across her ass.  He glances
up as Manny approaches, grasps her elbow, the needle sliding in with smooth
professionalism as she gasps beneath him.  Abie watches her face, smiling as her
expression softens, her eyes glaze, whines turned to soft whimpers under him.

Vito smiles grimly as he approaches Justin, nodding at the boy's increasing
fear.  Crouching before him, he removes the gag, reaches for his hair, then
stops, spying the boys huge erection.  "Oh, my."  Vito stands, laughing, "Look
at this!" 

The men surround Justin, laughing at the solid, well-defined bulge in the boy's
jeans. 

"You want your friend's baby sister, do you?"  Vito bends again, his voice
smooth, "You want to slide your cock into her tight little pussy, fuck her while
she cries?" 

Justin looks away, ashamed, sickly hopeful.

"He does," Abie laughs, razzing, "look at him, fucker is dying to bang her."

Vito grabs Justin, drags him to his feet.  "Come on, cabrone, let's see what
you've got."  Pulling him to the table, he steps behind, frees his hands. 

Justin stands, trembling, stares down at Lydia's trembling body, her torn
clothing.  "W-what do you want me to do?"

"No, no-it's what YOU want to do!  Come on, give the little bitch what you think
she deserves, do her like you've wanted to."

Nodding, Justin grasps Lydia's legs, flips her onto her belly.  Pulling back, he
drapes her over the edge of the table, his hands grasping her ass cheeks,
spreading them apart.  His eyes are bright, glazed, he stares at Lydia's face as
she begins whimpering weakly.  He grabs his cock, begins pushing relentlessly
against her tight rectum, nearly climaxing as he pushes past the ring, her
whimpers turning to sick cries, dog-like whines.  Justin breathes deeply, eyes
focused on her face, the dull, drugged pain, the sweet, bow-shaped lips pulling
back as she cries.  He begins moving slowly, savoring the clenching, spasming of
her ass around his tool. 

"J-Jesus, Justin, n-no . . ."  Matt's voice, thick, words slurred, his dilated
eyes wide as he watches his friend rape his sister.  He struggles to rise, but
the heavy weight of his limbs defies his efforts.  He sinks back down, crying.

Justin freezes, looks over at Matt, then away.  He closes his eyes, begins
slamming into Lydia, his fingers digging into her slender hips, his cock tearing
her as he thrusts harder, harder. 

Lydia whines, grunts dazedly as Justin rams into her, her hips slamming
painfully against the hard edge of the steel table.  Her eyes stare dully into
the dark of the warehouse, her legs trembling, kicking weakly in the air above
the floor.  She whines as Justin grabs her bound hands, pulls back, lifting her
chest up off the table.  Her head shakes weakly, small breasts jiggling with
each thrust.

Vito laughs huskily, his eyes narrow, considering as Justin's heavy breathing
hitches, becomes uneven.  The boy pulls out, hands roughly pulling Lydia around,
flipping her, dragging her head over the edge.  Cruel fingers grinding her mouth
wide, her slack lips stretching around his rigid tool.  Justin begins thrusting
into her face excitedly, his hips jerking, slamming her head back, wrenching her
neck painfully.  Lydia gags helplessly, her throat working in sick desperation
as he slams deep, cutting off her air.  The men's laughter becomes raucous,
appreciative as Justin shouts, his cock swelling, spewing his sour cum into her
face, her throat.  Lydia swallows painfully, unwillingly, her throat
constricting, milking the spunk from him.


Justin nods numbly, his expression sickly hopeful as Vito pushes the white
packet across the table.  He tunes out the sound of Matt sobbing, the gagging,
choking noises as Lydia's head is forced down on her brother's cock.  He
concentrates on Vito, his words.

"Repeat it back to me."  Vito's voice is sharp, impatient.

"I-I go to 1158 River Street," Justin's voice shakes, his hands closing over the
plastic of the package, "I go and I give it to D.J."

"And?"

"A-and then I take the money to you, I-" Justin swallows hard, reaches for the
cell phone laying before him, "I call you, you tell me where to bring it."

"And if any money is missing?"

"There-there won't be!"

"And why won't there be?"

"B-because you'll . . . " Justin takes a shuddering breath, looks up, eyes wide,
"you'll kill me."

"Very good."  Vito pushes away from the table, glancing amusedly at the sound of
Lydia sputtering, sobbing.  "And what if anyone asks about them?"

Justin looks at Matt, Lydia, flinching as Abie kneels, another syringe in hand. 
"I haven't seen them," he whispers, nodding, "I haven't seen them since I
dropped them off at the mall."

Vito smiles, reaches to clap Justin on the shoulder, "That's right."

"W-what are you going to do to them?"

"I told you," Vito's voice is silky, dangerous, "you pay your way, they pay
theirs-give them a week and they'll be begging to fuck, suck, do whatever they
have to do to get a fix."

Justin stands, sweating, shaking as Matt and Lydia are dragged out of the dark
warehouse, their mumbled pleas echoing in his ears.  He reaches for the heroin,
slips it in his pocket, grasps the cell phone in a trembling hand.  Nodding, he
walks to his car unscathed.

"I can live with that," he whispers, turning the key, "I can live with that."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





