BDSM Library - Adventures Into Depravity




Adventures Into Depravity
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young couple's adventures into sexual fantasy becomes a trip into reality.
Adventures into Depravity

He wraps an arm around her playfully, holding a nipple in his fingers Ann
smiled. " I was wondering", He began, "what makes you cum?, when your alone? I
mean to say, what fantasy can make you cum?  We all have them, I`ll tell you
mine if you tell me yours". She thought this over for a moment, she hadnt told
any one...but then she'd never been asked. Time to tell him, she drew breath, "I
think of  a film I saw once where a Lord of a Castle ...held a  mighty
banquette, I am a seving wench and then I'm caught stealing food...I'm forced to
be a centre piece for Him ... I was fucked ....and humiliated...then ..when I am
nearly there thinking that the worst is over I ...I am thrown  to the dogs. Who
then take me".  Silence, the room was full of silence... she didnt continue ..
..merely lay in his arms still ...as he hugged her.  She drifted off to sleep
then. as He lay silent  thinking over the fantasy.

Given to the Dogs ...Jasons mind was doing over time. Ok, the Japan thing, no
worries I can cope with that. He cock twitched, The forced to fuck bit, yeah no
worries there. Wouldnt mind seeing her do that myself. The dogs bit ..he
stumbled over the idea.  Morning came and Jason was downstairs checking
emails...as  Ann came in ..No words passed just smiles ..as she put coffee in
cups and filled the kettle ... Jasons mind hadnt quite filled the idea out
yet..but he was finding his dick was already miles ahead of him.    He watched
her make the coffee from his position,.in the front room He watched as it clad
in a dressing gown  Ann`s buttocks swayed.  then returning his gaze to the
screen he clicked a few keys and a search engine  set off looking for a site
seconds later his screen was filled with images masses and masses of pages
opened in  front of him.

Fuckin popups he thought to himself.  but the images ....mixed with the vision
of her body in his mind . .he couldnt shake it.  "You know thats not the best
way to look for ...your subject matter "  her words drifted past him ...still
shocked by the carnal near animal images in his head. "May I ?" "please"  was
all he could muster. getting up ...she took his place and cleared the screen.
Her nails clicked the keys.  Seconds passed.  Neither of the two spoke ...as a
redish hue came about on the screen.  The page filled quickly  and then the
words "Beasts of Love" appeared in big flashing letters.  Still a little unsure
if she was doing the right thing,  she clicked the members button and entered
the nick name and password.  She looked up to him and clicked enter.

Jason sat gently down. His mind now a fractured mess of images and questions, he
stared at the screen as it started  to download the pictorial links to the
different parts of the site. then he noted the name Ann in yellow letters down
the side.. .and instinctivley he clicked it. a profile of everything about his
wife was there..age ..sex, height, breast size, favourite sexual  position
everything bar her phone number and last name. He shot her a glance, she looked
at the floor, returning his gaze  to the screen it read ...Ann`s pics with Rosco
clicking it ...he noted she didnt look up ...she didnt ask anything of him she 
just stood, waiting.  Clicking the link the screen changed to a picture that
Jason wasnt ready for.  A good view of his wife  Ann from behind on her knees
with a , with a dog  German Shepherd or similar it looked like. and he was
inside her pussy.   He knew it was hers, he`d seen it often enough. Next link,
and another view of her from the side her head hidden and oh my god, that dog
was huge!

Jason didnt say a word. His mind now nearing an orgasmic break down of images
and thoughts questions and actions that  he wanted to do and now was unsure of. 
But he didnt say a word. His penis on the other hand spoke for him, It strained 
against the zip of his trousers. And at the tip was making a obvious wet patch
upon the seem.  Ann stood silently hoping  that his hard on would coupled with
the look of lust on his face mean that this was ok. He wasnt disgusted and their
life  would remain intact. He just clicked next. the links followed in sequence
each showing the dog and Ann in various positions, and then,  nothing...back to
the profile.  Then another link marked "NEW" with flashing lights either side
caught his eye.  Hurridly he clicked the link, the same ass the same legs the
same clit and a great dane its tongue lapping at her small  puckered arse ring. 
Jasons prick couldnt cope any more and now begged for release. he didnt look up
. .He said as best he could, "Kneel and suck my dick now".  Ann carefully
kneeled down, and without saying a word dragged  his zip down with great care
not to trap his member in the steel.

The words that followed spewed from Jason, they streamed out so fast that it was
all she could do to keep up with him. "So " his voice now lustfull and full. "So
lets get this right, you fantasize about dogs?" Ann nodded and started to lick
along the length, "But you dont actually fanatsize right?...you actually do ..
"fuck the dogs?"  She froze ..for a second their eyes met,  it said it all and
she started to bob up and down her lips engulfing the rock hard member.  Jason
thought this over as  Ann`s head bobed slowly up and down, Cheating with him as
in with another fella wasnt an option ...no one was stupid enough  to take on
jason he was after all a big man and he knew she loved him.  But cheating with a
dog? His mind neared total collapse. "Whose dogs are they?" the words resounded
as his cock started to jerk she slowed a little more and looked up to him
...licking his shaft  "Pepsi belongs to The studio and Rosco belongs to Sue". 
"Sue, now why doesnt that shock me?".  "She doesnt know Jason,  I borrowed him
for the day".  A smile, as the realisation came to him that she just wasnt
cheating she was fullfilling a desire.   He smiled she returned to sucking. 
Moments passed, soundless except for the slurping of Anns lips and tongue on his
dick,  and then the old familiar jerk and feeling as he started to cum.  She
started to lift her head away, but without warning his hand came down  to her
hair and pulled her back ...looking up in panic to his eyes as he smiled "did i
say stop? Swallow it all."

 Lust driven to ensure his seed filled one hole at least . he needed it far more
than he would admit, and when he came she had to  swallow a lot to keep from
choking.  Slowly as his lust subsided he lifted her head away, and smiled like a
man that just had  the first meeting with the Lottery and won the jack pot.  A
plan was hatching. it was there all along but now, it was firmly planted.   He
logged out of the computer and turned to her a small amount of cum dribbled on
her chin. and she kneeled there waiting  for the words that would either end
their relation ship or provide at least more fantasies for the future.  They
never came.   Jason just smiled.


The rest of the day seemed to flow without a word mentioned of the dogs or the
internet or the acts he had seen,  Dinner came and went ...no smirks, no words,
in fact nothing out of the ordinary. Jason had gone round to see a neighbour a
little after two, and she had decided for a nice warm shower.  She set the water
running and adjusted it, then stripped off the jogsuit shed put on after
"breakfast".  Oh God she thought, remembering this mornings acts Her pussy
instantly lubing itself ...contracting to the thoughts that now flooded her
mind, the danger of having been found out. The danger of Jason storming out. The
chances she`d taken, paled to the thought of Pepsi and his tongue.  Her hand
started to wander she laid down on the bed opened her legs wide and started to
circle her lips opening them slightly and then "ooooooo" that finger tip on her
clit, That tongue, that great big rasping tongue, and the power of the Dane as
he`d licked continuously at her clit and lips, Endless waves of pleasure covered
her, blanketed her in a warm glow that seemed animal in its intent.  The wonder
of the finger as it flicked and rolled over her hood.   She was cumming and
there was nothing that would stop her. 


Jason was driving own the lane to the local bar.  He needed another urge
satisfied before decisions could be made and a few drinks might be just the
thing to resolve his current dilema.  He checked for his wallet and parked his
BMW in an empty space. The thought he`d had now started to nag at him ..he knew
he would have to satisfy that need later when he returned home.  But for now his
thoughts turned to  a large glass of wine and a cigar.  Walking briskly towards
the pub his mind now clouding again.  The images he`d seen this morning, the
intense hard on he'd sported showed that he wasnt so disapproving, and he
thought he should have been.  Restless, Jason quickly finished his drink and
cigar. He left the bar, maybe a walk could clear his thoughts? He started down
the high street, no really looking at the window displays as he walked by shop
windows, until he  noticed a sign in a window of a small shop.  "Great Dane free
to good home.  enquire within."  He didnt need much more tempting and stepped in
the shop.

   Ann was busy in the shower for what seemed like an age. The orgasm she`d
acheived was partly due to the dog partly due to Jason and partly due to the
unknowing feeling of impending doom that had crept on her since this morning.
And all she knew was that it was the biggest and most powerfull orgasm she`d
ever had.  She washed herslef slowly water cascading down in hot steamy beads
over her well formed breasts.  Ann spread her legs a little to allow the water
access between her legs and with a new razor decided that the bush she`d been
sporting would have to go, perhaps in some small way pleasing him tonight might
break his silence, and she`d long known that he liked completely shaven pussies
since she`d been cleanign the computers recycle bin and found many images of
shaven women.  A smile spread over her face as she remembered his embaressment
when she asked him about it, and ever since then she`d been trimming her self a
little shorter to see if  he`d noticed. Jason had, in fact he`d noticed so often
she had wondered if he`d rediscovered her clit and wanted to lick it away.  As
the razor took the last of the hair away and she checked the patch for snags and
missed hair.  There wasnt any. Ann felt all the way round her lips and found
herself wet inside as well as out and then the finger slipped and was inside her
sliding slowly at first then gradually gaining speed, her eyes closed and she
was now deeply overcome by the thoughts of Jason another finger and another she
had three inside her as she felt she wasnt alone.  Ann turned round int he
shower cubicle. and withdrew her fingers.  Stood in the glass door way was
Jason, At his side was a head,  The head belonged to Pepsi.  Jason smiled and
when Ann smiled back .Jason knew he`d done the right thing, the look on Anns
face said it all, he was a happy man.  But Ann was happiest as she looked down
to her new friend Pepsi, the great dane with the tongue.




To be continued..


WishMaster




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WishMaster


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





