BDSM Library - The Taking




The Taking
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Newly divorced woman used witchcraft to seduce and enslave the boy next door.
The Taking


It was almost time she thought as she looked out her daughter's bedroom window. 
Tom usually cut's the grass on Saturday afternoon between one and three O'clock. 
She stood there in a baby blue spaghetti strap tee shirt and matching high-cut
panties.  She was almost ready. 

Suddenly she heard the roar of the motor.  Tom was starting to cut the grass in
front of his house and in five minutes he would be on the side of the house
between his and hers. 

She put on her tightest pair of jeans and went downstairs.  She had been
planning this for weeks.  Bill had the kids.  She was gloriously alone for the
weekend, but not for long if her plan worked.

As Tom came by the side of the house she left her backdoor and went to the
fence.  Tom was in a white tee shirt and jeans that fit him perfectly.  She
could almost see his naked body under them.

"Tom," she said as she leaned over the fence and handed him a five dollar bill
as he cut the motor to hear her, "I need you to help me move some furniture and
some of Bill's old stuff in the basement when your done.  It that OK?" she said
trying to sound as matter of fact as she could.

"Sure Marie, I'll be done in about 20 minutes.  I'll come by, but you don't have
to pay me." he said pushing the money away.

"Take it, you'll earn it," she said pressing the money into his hand as an
electric sensation shot between them.  "You'll earn it," she repeated to herself
as she returned to the house.  Once in the house she once again checked her look
out in the mirror.  She could see her breasts and nipples clearly.  If she bent
down just a little they were clearly viably from the front.  She was sure that
she would find several occasions to bend down in front of Tom.

Fifteen minutes later she heard a knock at the door and let Tom in.

"Hey, that was fast.  Follow me.  I have some stuff down here."

As she lead him down to the basement she felt as though she was leading him to
another time and dimension.  If her planned worked she would have this boy as a
lover within an hour and not just a lover, but also a captive lover with which
she could do whatever she liked for as long as she liked.  She felt evil and
powerful.

"Right down here."  She said as she reached the bottom of the stairs.  She
walked over to the pile of old books, records, and boxes full of assorted junk
that she had worked so hard to place there earlier this morning. 

"I just need this stuff moved over to these shelves."  Marie said and with that
she intentionally leaned down to pick up a few books in such a manner that she
knew Tom could see her entire chest dangling down as she gathered the books. 
Marie felt wetness between her thighs as she bend back up and saw Tom look away
quickly.

"Oh, how I will enjoy training him to lick my cunt for hours at a time," she
though as the young man averted his eyes, "He'll look away now but treasure the
vision of them shortly."

Tom bent down and began to work as Marie stood.  She stopped and openly
appraised his body.  "That is mine!" she thought as she watched his crotch bulge
with his hidden desire for her and his strong muscular arms.  She loved that way
the cocks of young men were not in their own control and loved the way that
could be made to cum even if the boy resisted.  She loved the shocked and
embarrassed look on their face as they unloaded their seed and the way that
their cocks stayed hard after cuming.  This was half the reason she had chosen
Tom to be her new lover. 

The other half also mattered greatly.  This was the ugly half, the way men
behaved after they had their way, after they fuck her, after they came in her. 
They left or fell asleep or withdrew from her in a thousand little ways.  Always
after working so hard to get in her pants, after promising so much intimacy and
then retreating into themselves she was betrayed.  "No, not this one, not this
time," she said to herself. "He's going to be trained right from the beginning,
trained by an older woman to behave correctly.  I intend to see to that."

"Just put everything heavy on the bottom shelf and the lighter stuff on top." 
She said.

Again she bent down as Tom stood with an armful of books.  She could see him
crane his neck to try and observe her tits again.  She laughed remembering how
she had put ice cubes on her nipples moments after she heard the lawn mower's
engine die so that her nipples would fairly leap out at Tom when he came over
and leap out they did.  "Oh well, his tongue can warm then," she thought.

She made small talk with Tom for a few minutes and then wiping her hands clean
said that she was going to go upstairs to clean up.

"Why don't you finish here and then come upstairs when you're done and let me
know.  I want to see your work before go."  She said as she walked to the stairs
confident that Tom's eyes were following her, devouring her body from behind. 
She had said this with much more force than she had intended but could not help
herself.  She felt as though she owned this boy already and could not wait to
begin putting him to his proper use. 

It had always surprised her that men dreamed of enslaving women.  A man with a
women slave will fuck her a few times and then lose, not so much interest, as
his attention because men are essentially weak creatures, like dogs.  Women on
the other hand can sustain the type of attention necessary to detail that a good
master needs in dealing with a slave.  Tom will get the attention that he needs
from me, whether he thinks he likes to or not.

As Marie walked to the staircase Tom could not take his eyes off her.  She was
the vision of all things feminine to him.  He remembered how he would stand by
his bathroom window in the dark and watch as Marie would do her dishes.  He had
masturbated over her body a thousand times.  In his dreams she had been a whore
and a virgin.  He had violently raped her hundreds of times in his dreams at
night even as he feared to speak to her in the daylight.  His crotch physically
hurt with the steady pounding that his heart sent to his cock.  He reached down
and straightened his cock out with a sigh.  He felt so dirty that he wanted
Marie so badly.

Upstairs Marie was laying the finishing touches on her plan.  She turned the
shower on and then returned to her room.  She closed her bedroom door almost but
not entirely.  She then undressed except for her panties.  She carefully threw
her cloths on the floor so that someone looking in could see them.  She then
positioned herself on her bed so that she was lying across it.  If she lay with
her feet towards that bottom of the bed she feared Tom would see them and not
enter her carefully laid trap.  Now everything was in place.  With that Marie
then began the most dangerous part of her plan.  She slowly but deliberately
slid her left hand down her flat and taunt stomach down into her baby blue
panties and began to touch herself.  She felt her power and knew that soon this
boy would fall under it.

After Tom finished placing the rest of the debris into the shelf he went
upstairs slowly.  He had deliberately delayed finishing because he had wanted to
stay near Marie as long as possible.  As he approached the top of the stairs a
sound made him stop.  Blood rushed through his head in a tidal wave.  He could
not believe that he was hearing the sound of a shower.  Marie was in the shower. 
That mean that she was naked not 15 feet from him and no one was around.  No one
knew he was here.  The though that he could rape her quickly passed through his
mind and a new wave of both lust and disgust passed through him.  "Never!" he
thought.  As Tom continued forward and raised his hand in guilt to knock on the
door as Marie had instructed him a new and equally filthy thought occurred to
him.

"I need to see where Marie sleeps, where Bill use to fuck her," he though and
with that he moved past the bathroom door towards that bedroom.  He could see
Marie's cloths scattered on the floor.  He knew that she would turn to the
shower off before she left the bathroom so that he would have several minutes
notice.  He determined to see her room.  Tom approached the room and pushed the
door open with his left hand as he peeking his head into the room all the time
listening to Marie in the shower and watching where she had dropped he cloths. 
His eyes focused their intent on the blue tee shirt on the floor.  As Tom raised
his eyes to the bed he thought that he was now in an almost scared place. 

Marie heard Tom's approach.  She could not believe the rush of blood that
swelled her pussy and the juices that flowed there as she realized that all her
hard work was now coming true.  She saw Tom's fingers on the door before she saw
his head.  She felt herself cuming as his head moved into sight and she exploded
thrusting her hips into the air and her legs apart then together in an
involuntary jerk and she threw her head back and then forward to meet Tom's eyes
full on.

Tom froze.  Froze beyond his ability to fight.  There on the bed Tom saw Marie
in full orgasm.  Her head thrown back her mouth open and her right hand
viscously pulling on her right tit while her left hand pounded her pussy. 
Suddenly and without warning to Tom's senses Marie sat bolt upright and pinning
him with her eyes.  Tom's fear turned to terror because in those eyes was a
Marie he had never imagined even his wildest dreams of lust.  In her eyes was a
look of pure savagery and they where penetrating right into his soul.

"I'm sorry," Tom almost shouted as he fled the room in fright. 

Marie reacted with instant speed and authority. "Stop right there you!" she said
as she leapt from the bed and to the door catching Tom only two steps from the
stairs. 

"You get back here this instant, young man," she said.  When Marie had imagined
this phase of her plan she knew that this was where either he or she was going
to establish supremacy.  In her many fantasies, at this point Tom would
sometimes take control of her and rape her, or blackmail her into becoming his
whore.  That was how it was when she first conceived of this plan.  She was in
bed next to Bill, shortly before he left, and found herself quietly masturbating
as she dreamed of Tom fucking her.  She vaguely conceived of luring him over to
her house, or perhaps him just walking in and finding her in bed and fucking her
without a word.  This fantasy had so turned her on that stayed awake all night
putting little variations on the plan.  Later after she ordered Bill from the
house for treating her like a lackey she found that in her fantasies she had
become increasingly bold and even demanding.  More often now Tom was cowed by
her authority and responsive to her demands.  Soon Tom was dancing to her tunes,
sometimes literally.

Now after all this planning to think that that little coward was simply going to
turn tail and run!  Never!

"Who do you think you are busting into my bedroom, invading my privacy, seeing
me in my bed," she demanded.  And as she demanded she noticed Tom seemed to
shrink under her growing power.  He was profusely apologizing and looking into
the floor.  Marie felt her anger and power grow hand in hand.  No man had ever
been so intimidated by her as this one was and yet, at the same time, she never
felt so much herself.

"You get back into this room and apologize to me, I have a good mind to tell
your parents right now what a pervert they have for a son," she realized two
things as she said this.  First, she realized that she was standing all but
naked in front to Tom, the boy next door, and, two, that she was truly angry
with him.  She felt free in her nakedness and natural as if women were meant to
be this way.  She felt strong and sexy and powerful.  All these things she
realized only added to her anger.  How dare I be denied my place?  How dare
women be denied their place!  This is who we are: warriors!  I'm not afraid, he
is!  He wants me, but is too cowardly to do anything about it even in the face
of my revealing myself to him.   I want him, but am suppose to resist according
to society.  No, no, no! 

"You sit right down and write me a note of apology right now or else!" she
demanded as she pointed to a pad and pen at small desk. "NOW!"

Tom jumped into the small seat and began to write, as Marie stood over him
naked.  She could smell her own musky odor and it only drove her into greater
depths of anger and power over Tom.  She realized that he was child to her at
this moment and that she had complete power over him, but she also knew that
power that was not exercised wisely faded away.  Her husband had had that kind
of power over her, but he had only used it his benefit rather than helping her
grow until she had shucked his control forever.  She would not make that mistake
with her power.

Tom handed her the note:

	Dear Marie:

	Please forgive me for coming into your room.

	Tom

"Write down what you did and what you saw, now," she said calmly but with a
dangerous undertone as she passed the note back to Tom.

As Tom took the note back and began to write she sensed something new in the
room.  Tom was no longer cringing or afraid, but passive and docile.  Marie knew
that the magic of her power was now forming reality to her desires.  As Tom
finished the note and passed it back to her, she knew it would be what she
desired.

	Dear Mrs. Bachio:

I had no right to walk into your bedroom without your permission and watch while
you touched yourself.  I had no right and I will do anything you ask if you do
not turn me in to either my parents or your family.  I am truly willing to
accept your punishment and authority over me without question or hesitation!

	Thomas Savik

Marie was dumbfounded as she read this message.  She felt her confidence in her
magic surge to new heights.  These were the very words she used in masturbatory
dreams when she trapped Tom "I am truly willing to accept your punishment and
authority over me without question or hesitation!"  Those were her exact words!

"My magic is working on you young man," she said as she grabbed Tom by the hair
and almost threw him towards the bed.

"Strip for me so I can see you now, boy," she demanded as she leaned back
against the desk.

Tom was lost now, without bearings, without a clue, without power.  He fumbled
at his tee shirt and pulled it off revealing a young, muscled chest.  He saw
Marie staring at him with total control of the situation, total authority over
him. 

"My pants too?" he asked meekly.

"Yes, Tom, your pants too, all of it" she said almost tauntingly back.

As he pulled down his pants he took his white underwear too and awkwardly stood
on one leg as he reached down to remove his pants from one leg then the other. 
He was horrified to see that his cock was rock hard and fully upright.  He felt
that this might be a new offense to Marie's sensibilities as she was punishing
him and he was so obviously enjoying it.  Without a word he stood there naked in
front of Marie and awaited her next word awkwardly trying to cover his erection
with his hands.

"Get on the bed, Tom," Marie said calmly.

Tom obeyed.  Again humiliated by his unruly cock, which bobbed up and down as he
jumped on to the bed and now seemed to reach half way up his chest as he lay
down.

"Remove your hands immediately," she said and he obeyed almost shyly.

"Now, Tom I think you know that what you did was wrong and that what I'm going
to require of you will be fair and right," Marie said as she began to slowly
circle the bed.

"I guess so," Tom answered.

"No, Tom. No more guessing for you.  I'll tell you what to do and you'll do it. 
Do you understand?  If you understand say, "Yes, Ms. Hurt."  Now do you
understand?" Marie's tone was masterful.  She could literally see the fear
leaving her new slave as he began to understand his role.

"Yes, Ms. Hurt," he offered in response.  He had never heard her use her maiden
name before but was now far beyond asking her to explain herself.

"Good, now touch yourself as you saw me touch myself," she said.

Tom said, "Yes, Ms. Hurt," and took his cock into his left hand and began to
pump it slowly.  His hand looked tiny against his engorged penis. 

Marie was pleased.  She reached into top drawer of her clothes chest and
withdrew Polaroid camera. 

At that moment Marie and Tom locked eyes honestly for the first time.  He knew
exactly what she intended for him, what she expected of him and he consented in
the deepest part of his soul.  Marie lifted the camera and pointed it at her new
boy toy.  Tom arched his head forward so that the picture would be sure to get
his face as he knew Marie would want and began to jack-off in earnest, with the
same savage intensity that Marie had shown to him.  The picture was both a form
of insurance and an excuse.  Insurance that Tom would both obey her and keep
silent.  In that sense, to her it was both a sword and a shield.  On another
level it was an excuse for Tom to tell himself when he felt too guilty or too
ashamed by his desires.  I have no choice he could tell himself and then
immediately and enthusiastically obey his owner's commands.

Marie let Tom continue while she took pictures of him.  She casually ordered him
into several new positions as she snapped several more. 

"Tom, get on your stomach and lift your ass as high as you can," she told him.

Tom obeyed with an ease that pleased them both.  For years later the mere sound
of the snap of a camera would excite him.

Finally, Marie, put the camera down and walked up to Tom, slapping his ass and
running her bare hand over his thigh and balls as a sign of casual ownership the
way a teenage boy touches his first car.  At the touch of his balls Tom jumped
and raised his ass in submission.

"Good boy, roll over," she said as she took his cock into her hand.  "Your life
as you have known it is now over, Thomas.  You belong to me now more fully than
you ever belonged to your parents, more than my children belong to me, more than
I ever belonged to Peter, or more than any woman shall ever belong to you."  As
Marie said this she began to manipulate Tom's cock in her hands.  It might have
appeared to a stranger that Marie was masturbating Tom, or even threatening Tom,
but Marie knew that she was at the height of her powers now and that the spell
she was casting on Tom was like a brand upon his manhood that he could never
deny.  Tom was aware of the power of Marie's words, but thought that it was
merely Marie's power over him.  It appeared to Tom that Marie was simply telling
him the plain truth and he assented, letting the spell be cast deep into his
soul.

"Now with these words Thomas assent with your seed.  I order you to attempt to
resist me as men always attempt to resist the truth, but know that you will
sanctified this truth with the seed of your very soul." Marie said as she
tightened her grip on his cock. 

"Now resist me, boy!" she said as she slapped him across the face.

Tom lay there with his manhood in the hands of the most beautiful woman he had
ever seen.  He was helpless to stop her, helpless to move, and he tried with all
his might to stop her from taking the last bit of willpower from his body.  Not
his will to resist her but his will to ever stand alone without her.  His blood
boiled with the urge to be free.  He struggled and though that he would be able
to resist indefinitely and then he looked up.  As their eyes meet again and he
saw that she meant to have him, he knew that she did have him like a fish on a
line and she was merely playing him.  Her eyes were confident and humorous,
playful.

Marie had let the boy fight in order to build up the wall of his willpower for
one fell swoop, one climatic battle that he could never win.  Now he had filled
the room with his young, strong, green willpower and as she looked into his eyes
that wall crumbled forever.  It blew from the room in a whirlwind of passion as
his will was not destroyed but co-opted by her will.  His will did not disappear
but became a part of her will and her will because enormous joined with his. 
Now she looked at him and together they both banished his will to resist her and
jointly sealed her ownership of him as his manhood erupted into her controlling
hands and with their eyes locked Tom wept with joy at her victory.

"Good boy," she said as she stroked his hair and brought him back to the bedroom
from the timeless space of submission.

"Get dressed and go home," she said coldly.  Enjoying the man's cruel role for
once in seeing the pain, fear and desperation in Tom's eyes.

"Don't be afraid, boy, you are to call me tomorrow at exactly 10:30am.  I'll
tell you what to do then"

Tom dressed and left, as Marie demanded. 

After Tom left Marie prepared the house for the return of her children.  She
made her bed and showered and considered her options as she poured herself an
herbal tea.  Tom was hers now.  Was she as bad as Peter was to her when he
dominated her she asked herself?  Am I bully, a domineering asshole?  Even as
the question was posed Marie saw the difference between the two situations. 
Peter never intended to help me grow or find out who I was or what I wanted.  I
intend to make Tom the man that every woman wants.  I know this because I want
the perfect man!  When I'm done with him he'll be a masterful man, a wizard if
he has any natural powers, and a wiser man even if he doesn't. 

That night before bed she thanked God, the lord, for her life and all the beauty
and mystery of the world.   In bed she again offered a silent prayer, this time
to the Goddess as she offered the joy of her body as she masturbated herself in
a quite celebration of joy.  Marie slept the sleep of the truly peaceful that
night.

At home Tom did not know what had just happened.  He felt like a new man, a
hundred dollars, as his father would say.  He was relaxed, and happy one moment
and seized by duel anxieties the next.  He feared that he had sinned against his
childhood religion and dishonored his parents on the one hand.  On the other
hand, the whip hand, and the by far greater fear that seized him was that Marie
would change her mind.  With this thought Tom masturbated himself to a fitful
sleep.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  TSavik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





