BDSM Library - Hard Time




Hard Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Convicted felon's in Texas get the opportunity to commute their sentence by becoming a slave in a private penal system.
HARD TIME


Slowly, the lights came on in the room, revealing to the onlookers in the
upstairs gallery a naked woman of 24 years of age, blindfolded and manacled
standing in the center of the room. Long reddish brown hair hung halfway down
her back. Her measurements were 38D-24-36 and her breasts stood out proudly with
their large brown nipples semi erect in the slightly cool room. She stood 5' 10"
and had just been weighed in at 134 pounds.

A door opened and a well built man of about 40 years of age came into the room
and proceeded till he stood about 3' from the girl. He opened a paper he had in
his hand and in a loud, stern voice began to read. " Brandi  Brown ... You have
been accused and found guilty of three counts of vehicular homicide. Judged by
the state of Texas and sentenced to life imprisonment without parole. You have
volunteered to have this sentence waived in place of 5 years imprisonment in
this place of private incarceration. You have been informed of our system of
punishment and that any attempt to escape will be punished by you being returned
to the Texas penal system for the sentence assigned by the state of Texas to be
carried out. Do you agree in front of these witnesses that this is your wish,
and that no other promises have been made to you?"

" I do so agree" said Brandi in a trembling voice.

" And so begins your life here with us." said the man as he turned and left the
room and the lights went out.




Chapter 1



Brandi waited in the silent darkness not daring to move, even though her muscles
were begging her to move after standing here for the last hour or so. The steel
manacles on her wrists were heavy and slightly cold as they lay on her backside.
The manacles on her ankles felt cold and awkward too. Suddenly she heard the
movement of the door and the slight scuffle of feet moving towards her. Bright
light flared in her eyes as the blindfold was removed and her vision adjusted
slowly to the sight of a very large, well muscled, dark haired man in his 30's
standing in front of her. She blushed as she realized he was looking at all of
her that was there to see . Nothing was hidden from view as even her pubic hair
had been removed that earlier afternoon during her "medical exam".

" My name is Guard Eric. You will address me as so or you may address me as
Master Eric. You will not speak unless ordered to do so, and you will obey every
order with the utmost urgency. As if your life depended on it so to speak. You
will no longer be Brandi. You are now slut J3. Do you understand me?"

"Yes I do"

A quick backhanded, stinging slap to her cheek shocked her as she was totally
unprepared for it.

"Yes I do what?"

"Yes I do... Guard Eric."

"Very good. I am now going to remove the manacles. You will follow behind me 3
steps away at all times. You will not look anyone you see in the eyes and you
will not speak. You will keep your hands clasped behind your back at all times
that you are not tied."

He bent down and with a small key removed the manacles from her ankles and then
moving behind her he removed the manacles from her wrists. Dropping the manacles
on the floor, he turned and headed out the door into the hallway beyond. Brandi
clasped her hands behind her back and moved behind him and followed him down the
hallway.

Some distance down the hall he stopped at a metal door and unlocked it with
another key and entered the room. Brandi followed him in to a room that was
unlike anything she had ever imagined. Whips of all kinds covered the wall and
other things she had never seen before and could not imagine what they were used
for. A large table like a Gynecologist's exam table was on one side while a
large chair and other unknown pieces of furniture filled up the other side of
the room. One wall was simply a huge floor to ceiling wall to wall mirror.

Pointing to a spot on the floor Guard Eric said "Stand here."

Quickly moving to the spot indicated she watched with interest as he went about
the room collecting an odd assortment of things. Bringing them to her he placed
the collection of items on the ground and stood up in front of her.

"As you are new here and probably do not have a full understanding of what is
about to happen I will explain a few things. The mirror behind you is a 2 way
mirror that may have people behind it watching what happens in this room. Small
microphones and cameras placed in various places will record everything that
happens here. For the next 5 years you will be a pleasure slave for anyone who
pays to so use you in any way they see fit short of killing you. The films made
of your training will be sold as adult videos to compensate for the cost of your
stay here. You are about to begin a training period that usually lasts about 6
months, maybe longer to teach you the proper way of behaving. You will be
punished and rewarded as we see fit. At no time will any thought be given to
your sexual needs. You are a "thing" to us to be used as we see fit. Some of
your guards may see fit to allow you some measure of pleasure as they see fit.
Do you understand what you have agreed to?

"Yes...Guard Eric."

" Very good... you are learning already."

" Place your hands behind your head and spread your feet about 3'."

As Brandi complied he kneeled to the floor and picked up several items. First he
attached 2 leather cuffs about 6 inches wide to her ankles and then he put a 3'
bar between her cuffs and secured the cuffs to the bar. Next he took her hands
down from behind her neck and placed then behind her back. He took 2 wide
leather bands and placed one around her wrists tightly drawing them together and
then the other around her elbows and drew the strap tight, pulling her elbows
tight together. She winced as her elbows came together feeling the pull on
shoulder and chest muscles that hadn't stretched that far in years. Next he
pulled a long leather sleeve up over her arms totally encasing them in leather
and strapped her in tight so that she had absolutely no way to move her hands or
her arms. One of the straps from the arm binder came in front of her chest and
was buckled there insuring there was no way it could slide off. She could not
help feeling slightly ashamed as she looked down and saw that her proud breasts
stuck out even more now and looked even bigger with her arms pulled back like
this. He pulled a chain with a hook down from the ceiling and now she noticed
there were several like it all over the room. He hooked it to a D-ring at the
fingertip area of her arm binder and moving to a panel on the wall moved a
switch that began pulling her arms up behind her forcing her to bend over at the
waist until her chest was parallel with the floor. Next he picked up a large
rubber butt plug up and moved up to her head .

" I am going to insert this in your ass and if you want any kind of lubrication
I suggest you get busy."

Brandi had had anal sex before but nothing that big had ever gone in her before
and she knew the pain would be awful. Quickly she put her mouth on the plug
trying to slobber as much spit on it as possible. It was so big she could not
even get her mouth all the way around it. After a few seconds he pulled the plug
away from her mouth and moved to her ass. He roughly pulled one cheek aside and
she tried to relax as much as possible as he started ramming the plug into her
asshole. She began groaning from the pain almost immediately as the plug was
slowly being pushed into her asshole. She swore she could feel the tender
membranes ripping as it slowly but relentlessly invaded her ass. The taut ring
of her asshole felt like it was on fire and she started to pull away as she knew
there was no way it would fit. He gave a sudden hard shove and with an audible
pop she heard and felt it as it slammed into place.

Brandi felt as if he had shoved a watermelon up her ass it was so big in there.
In vain she tried to shit it out but it was wedged in tight and was not moving.
Next he picked up two leather straps about an inch and a half wide and placing
one around the base of her left tit, he tightened it until it felt like her tit
was about to burst. Quickly he placed another one on her right tit and cinched
it tight too. She could see her tits swelling and turning purple right before
her eyes. He released the chain holding her arms and her head swam a bit as she
straightened back up a little too quickly. He forced her down onto her knees and
then onto her back and pulled her legs out straight. He then took the chain and
hooked it to the center of the spreader bar between her feet and slowly started
raising it. Within about a minute she was suspended from the spreader bar and
the only thing touching the floor was her long hair. She immediately felt
flushed and a little woozy as all the blood rushed to her head. Slowly she spun
there in the air every once in a while seeing herself in the large mirror. Her
tits were so huge and purple she swore they would pop like a balloon if they got
any bigger.

" Since the object here is to learn proper obedience and not for you to enjoy
yourself, I am now going to whip your ass, pussy and tits till they are so sore
you will not be able to touch yourself without pain. Please feel free to scream
as loud as you want. I must say I enjoy nothing more than knowing I'm doing a
proper job."

Sudden pain erupted across her asscheeks as the cat-o-nine tails he was using
slammed into her never before whipped ass. She could not help the small scream
that erupted from her as she had never felt anything like that before. The pain
raced from her ass to her brain and exploded there like a molten ball of lava.
She hadn't even finished the first small scream before the whip slammed into her
ass again and another fiery bolt raced from her ass to her brain. She had no
idea how long she was beaten, she couldn't feel her ass anymore. It was just a
big ball of fiery pain. Her throat was raw and her screams were so hoarse they
were more a whisper than a scream. She was lightheaded from hanging upside down
and had reached a place where she was almost disengaged from her body. It was as
if she was watching someone else there getting the whipping when the sudden
scream burst from her body as the whip slammed down across her gaping pussy
lips. Her ass suddenly forgotten she could not breathe as the pain in her pussy
lips seemed to be the center of the universe. Again and again the whip slammed
into her, bringing scream after scream rushing out of her mouth. She could not
even begin to put the words stop please into her brain as she was reduced to
primal scream after primal scream as the whip ravaged her pussy. After what
seemed and endless eternity she mercifully slipped into blackness as she passed
out from the pain.

Slowly, Brandi started to come to. She had no idea where she was or what was
happening at first, but after a second the pain from her ravaged pussy and ass
brought it all back to her. Intense waves of pain radiated from her pussy and
ass as she slowly spun hanging there in the air . The pain in her shoulders and
arms was almost negligent but she could feel that too.

" Ah... I see you are back with me." said Eric. " I was beginning to think I
would need to wake you back up in a most unpleasant way."

"Please ...no more...Please... I can't take any more. I'll do anything you say.
Please just don't hit me any more. Pleeaaaasssseee."

"Well I see you haven't learned that talking out of turn is not permitted. I was
going to only give you a matching 40 strokes to your tits but I think now we
will double that. And I think a gag will teach you the meaning of only talking
when permitted."

Brandi sobbed and tears were rolling down her forehead as he stuffed a large
ball gag into her mouth and strapped it tightly to her head. She could feel the
sweat and blood from her ravaged ass and pussy running in rivulets down her
body. Her ass was on fire and she couldn't even feel her pussy. All there was
was a huge throbbing pain from her navel to her ass. The first slap of the whip
on her left tit hardly registered on her pain sodden brain. The second as the
tips of the whip sliced across her nipple shocked her back into reality. She
lost track of all time and had no idea how long or how many times he whipped her
breasts. Soon the pain in her chest was the same as the pain in her pussy and
ass and it all blended into one big knot of pain. She hardly registered that he
had stopped whipping her tits and it wasn't until she was laying on the floor on
her back that she realized he was done and had let her down. He helped her to
her feet and turned her to the mirror and pulled the hair out of her face. She
hardly recognized herself as she took in her almost black swollen tits. They
were covered in purplish welts which stood out on her tits. Her pussy lips were
easily 3 times their normal size and they were so purple and swollen they looked
like some alien object attached to her body. he turned her a bit and she saw
that her ass looked pretty much the same as her tits. There were so many welts
it was so hard to see where one left off and another began.

Her eyes were swollen and red and puffy from the crying and she watched in
disgust as a large glob of drool fell of her ball gag and slimed down onto her
swollen, purple black tits. She meekly let herself be led to an unusual looking
contraption along one wall. She could not imagine what it was or how it would be
used.

Eric stooped and removed the bar from her ankle manacles and then stood back up.

" This is called a Horse. Its a punishment device that is a favorite of mine and
you will get to know and love it very well before I am done with you."

He instructed her on how to mount the horse and she knew it was going to be bad
as soon as she lowered her battered, swollen pussy onto the thin straight edge.
There were large blocks underneath her feet and she did everything possible to
keep all her weight off her pussy while he arranged her. He knotted a thin cord
in her hair and pulled her head back and attached the cord to a ring on the
horse. Next he pulled her arms up in the arm binder and fastened them into
another ring so that she was leaning slightly forward.

She moaned as the thin edge speared into her pussy and mashed her clit. Then he
pulled her firmly down onto the bar and spreading her feet as wide as possible
on the bricks, chained her ankle manacles to rings on the floor. Her pussy pain
was forgotten for a moment as he snapped two mean looking clips onto her nipples
and attached a thin wire to them that he threaded through a pulley and then hung
a small weight onto, pulling her swollen nipples up and out. She was moaning
fiercely now as he took two more clips and snapped them onto her swollen pussy
lips, pulling them down around the edges of the thin, hard edge of the horse.

Smiling, he added larger weights to the nipple clamps and pussy clamps
stretching them out obscenely. Brandi was not sure what was the worst pain as
all her intimate places were in dreadful pain and she was just gasping and
moaning thru the gag.

Putting his finger to his lips to shush her, she stifled her moans as he removed
the ball gag.

"I leave you know for the night to contemplate the situation you are in. Please
feel free to moan, scream or yell as you see fit as this will be your last
chance for quite a long time."

The sounds of her screams and curses were music to Eric's ears as he pulled the
blocks from under her feet, so that all her weight was on the bar in her pussy.
Patting her on the head, he made his way out of the room and off to a peaceful
night's sleep.




Chapter 2



Brandi, or slut J3 as she was now known as, waited with apprehension, in what
she had learned was the standard position of waiting. Kneeling on her toes and
knees, back and head straight, eyes downcast to the floor and her arms clasped
behind her back. 5 other women waited in the small room with her in the same
position. The last 6 weeks had been a blur of training and pain. She was now
familiar with all kinds of bondage equipment and could probably teach seminars
in it's use and results. Not a single part of her body had escaped the trainers
ministrations and as a result she was sore in nearly every part of her body that
was imaginable, and in a few spots that were quite unimaginable.

Her days had all been basically the same. Woken at 6am, removed from her nightly
bondage of some type  by a guard, she would go with her other 5 roommates to the
toilet. There the chastity belts and plugs would be removed and she could
finally void her bladder and bowels. Cleaning themselves in the bidet they would
next be led to the hot tubs of water where they were allowed to soak and wash
for 15 minutes. Next each of the sluts was handed a razor and ensured that no
hair  was left on their pussies, legs and armpits. After a quick toweling off
and a minute under some high pressure hot air dryers, the plugs selected for
that day would go back in and the chastity belts go back on. Next they were off
to a 10 minute breakfast and then immediately to the first class of the day. The
first class was an hour long and the only time they were not in some form of
bondage. They were taught how to style their hair, put on makeup, manicure and
pedicure themselves and each other, and basically how to act as a lady. Then
after that class, the rest of the day until 9pm at night was one long day of
bondage and various forms of torture. At 9pm the 5 sluts were allowed one hour
for themselves. This was when they could read mail, write to friends and family,
or just talk with each other. The other 5 sluts were pretty much all the same
story as her. Each had broken the law and been sentenced to long terms of
incarceration and had opted to take the shorter 5 year private incarceration in
it's place. Monica was a tall dark haired beauty who had been a model until the
fast life and a bad coke habit had brought her here. Shelly was a petite blonde
who had run with the wrong crowd and been brought here after a foiled bank
robbery attempt with her boyfriend. Theresa was a true dark haired latin beauty
that was here from smuggling illegal aliens across the border. Jessie was a
large breasted red head that had a fiery temper to match her hair. She had
caught her husband and sister in bed together and a double count of murder had
brought her here. Brenda was the only mystery. She was an average looking brown
haired woman who was the only one to almost never talk and had never said what
her crime was.

After their free hour each was bound and gagged and placed in some position to
get there rest for the night. It was the easiest part of the bondage of the day
as no real pain was involved, just some light chains and manacles designed to
keep them held. They had been watched and filmed day and night. Although teased
and tortured to the brink of orgasm hundreds of times, none had been allowed to
cum and touching themselves or others was strictly forbidden.

Today they hoped to graduate to the next part of their training all though none
of them had the slightest idea what that would be. All were eager and excited as
they hoped that the new training would finally allow them a chance to cum, and
maybe a little less time being tortured in various ways.

Brandi could feel the healing bumps of her welts on her ass with her fingertips.
She had to admit that the rigorous training and diet had helped her lose those
extra few pounds she had been carrying. She felt better than she ever had
physically and knew she looked as good as she had ever looked before.

The door opened, then closed as someone entered the room. Brandi risked a quick
upward glance and saw that the guard who had entered was a severe looking
blonde, who had her hair pulled back, dressed from head to toe in tight black
leather.

" Good morning sluts. My name is Guard Heather or Mistress Heather. Either is
fine with me. You have graduated to the second step of the program and now may
look at the guards when being addressed."

Almost as one the 6 sets of slut eyes came up and took in the fearsome
appearance of guard Heather.

" The next phase of your training is threefold. You will be trained as toilet
sluts. You will learn how to orally pleasure both men and women, and you will
learn the art of giving and receiving enemas. Basically you will spend 8 hours
in the toilets, and another eight in training. Sluts J3 and J4 will start the
toilet training now, K1 and K2 will step outside the door where Guard Michael
will escort you to your rest period and sluts K3 and K4 will step outside the
door to where Guard Sean will escort you to your training session. J3 and J4
will fall in and follow me. Move now."

Jessie and Brandi moved to the side of Guard Heather as the others headed out
the door. Guard Heather went out another door and after a few turns through the
hallways brought them to a door simply marked with a picture of a flush toilet.
Inside was a large tiled bathroom that looked quite unusual. One wall was a
large mirror which Brandi supposed was actually a 2 way mirror for others to
watch through. There was a large tiled shower and 2 bidets. One wall was covered
in various bondage paraphernalia and there was a sink with 4 washbowls. They
were lead to one corner where a 4x4 mat was on the floor.

" This is your station. Your job here is to please the clean and please the
guards who come in here."

Guard Heather soon had the 2 girls kneeling, cuffed on the mat. She had fitted
each of them with a wide leather collar, then wrist cuffs that were stitched to
the collar with a chain drawing their arms quite uncomfortably up their backs.
Ankle cuffs were separated by about a 30" chain that would allow them to hobble
about the bathroom area.

" This is what is expected of you. Guards will come in here and relieve
themselves as they please. You will then clean them up and if they wish will
orally service them. They may punish you as they see fit. They may urinate on
you or in you. They may urinate or defecate in the bidets. You will lick them
clean after they have used the bidet. In 8 hours you be relieved of duty and
sent to the next part of your training."

Guard Heather moved to the wall and quickly returned with 2 tubes on short
chains. She placed a clamp on one end of the chain on a pussy lip of each girl.

Brandi was shuddering slightly. Although the clamp was a bit painful she was
used to them by now. She could see that it was a 16 oz. Tube of KY jelly and
wondered how that was to be used. She had once had a wild drunken party that had
would up with her doing a 69 with another woman, so the thought of eating a
little pussy was no big deal. The thought of licking clean some guards ass was
another matter entirely and she felt her stomach do a slow flop.

" I will now demonstrate what is expected of you."

Guard Heather quickly removed all of her clothing except for the thigh high
leather boots. Grabbing Jessica's arm she pulled her to her feet and led here to
a bidet.

"Kneel here" she said pointing to a spot on the floor about 3 feet in front of
the bidet. Guard Heather moved onto the bidet and soon Brandi could here the
sound of her pissing. A few seconds later with a groan and a large wet fart,
Guard heather defecated into the bidet. She stepped on a pedal and a stream of
water shot up into her ass and washed her. After a few seconds she stood up,
turned and bent over with her ass in Jessica's face.

" Now lick me clean and dry slut."

Jessica slowly slid her face into Guard Heather's ass and with a few gagging
sounds began licking her clean. After about a minute of licking her ass and
pussy Guard Heather  moved away and looked down at Jessica.

" A pretty poor attempt at cleaning me slut, but it will suffice for now. Back
to your spot."

Guard Heather was soon dressed again and stood in front of them.

" I suggest you learn to love this and learn quickly to get very good. Your
afternoon training session will depend on how you do here."

With that she left and the 2 girls were alone in the toilet, each pondering what
the future would hold.

Brandi had no idea how long she and Jessica had been kneeling there when the
door opened and a large black man and a small white man entered the toilet room.

" Ahhh look what we have here." said the large black man.

" 2 new fish to teach." said the small man with an evil grin.

" Stand up and show yourselves to us" said the large black man.

Brandi and Jessica stood and did a slow turn so that they could see all there
was.

" I'll take the big titted red head." said the small man and he led her over to
the bidet.

Brandi was lead to the other bidet and stood watching the black man as he slowly
pulled off his clothes. He was well built with a small gut and a wiry looking
patch of pubic hair over his flaccid cock and balls. He had a large cock,
perhaps about 9 inches long and a set of balls that would better have suited a
stud bull. Stroking his cock a few times he turned and pissed into the bidet for
a long time. Finally he stopped and turned to Brandi.

" On your knees slut and clean me off."

Brandi dropped to her knees and felt a slight twinge on her pussy lip as the
tube clamped there swayed with her sudden movement. She took his slightly
engorged cock in her mouth and started to lick and suck on it as best she could.
She wrinkled her nose at the slightly gamy smell of his sweaty crotch and the
acid bitter taste of his piss, but ignored the smell and tried her best to get
him clean. In a few minutes he was hard and it was all she could do to get his
cock in her throat. She was doing the best she could when she felt him shudder
and expected a load of cum. Instead he let loose with more piss and she was
suddenly choking as he was pissing down her throat. Her cheeks and throat filled
and piss started spurting out past her lips all over his cock and balls. She
tried to pull back and away from him when he grabbed her head and jammed his
cock all the way down her throat. She was choking and retching as he began face
fucking her. His wet ball sack was slapping her chin and tears were coming out
of her eyes as she choked and retched and began to black out from loss of air.
With a final great shove he buried his cock in her throat and wave after wave of
cum blew down her throat. He pulled out of her mouth and great gobs of cum and
piss mix ran out of her mouth. After a minute she stopped retching and was
shamed to see great globs of cum and piss mixture running down her chest and
dripping off her tits.

" Jesus Christ slut ... look at the mess you made. Clean it up now."

Brandi sobbed as she took his cock back into her mouth and began licking up the
cum piss mixture. It took a few minutes to tease it all out of his pubic hair
with her tongue and she continued until all of it was clean. She was still
gagging and sobbing a bit as he ordered her to clean the floor too. She bent
down and began licking up that mess too, all the while expecting to throw up at
any second.

After she had cleaned the floor to his satisfaction, he placed her in the shower
stall and allowed her to rinse the piss and cum off herself. While she was
rinsing she saw Jessica bent over the sink with the small man  pumping his
average size cock up her ass. Suddenly he went stiff and Brandi was sure he had
cum in Jessica's ass. He stayed there a few seconds and then Jessica began
moaning as he shuddered and began pissing in her ass.

" This is called a golden enema bitch and you better get to love them ." he
said.

Brandi was dried off and led back to the pad to watch as the 2 guards took turns
paling with Jessica's tits and pussy. She was moaning from both the cramps in
her guts and the need to cum when they finally stopped and let her rush to the
bidet and relieve the pressure in her ass. Brandi watched, fascinated as spurt
after spurt of yellow piss shot out of Jessica's ass. Finally Jessica was placed
in the shower and cleaned up and brought back to the mat. Brandi was amazed to
notice that her nipples were hard and she could feel pussy juice dribbling out
of her cunt down her thigh as she thought about getting one of those golden
enema's. She had never heard of one but the thought of warm piss and a stiff
cock up her ass was exciting her in a way she had never dreamed of.

The two guards left and the rest of the morning was spent mostly with a quick
cleanup after quick cleanup of both male and female guards. Strangely enough she
was no longer sickened by the smell and taste of piss, in fact she was starting
to get wet every time it was her turn to do a cleanup. It had been several hours
and her pussy lip was just a knot of pain when the door opened and Guard Eric
came in.

" Well what have we here? Some new toilet sluts to teach I see."

He stripped naked and Brandi was surprised to see he had the biggest dick she
had ever seen. The damn thing hung almost to his knee!

" I think I will teach you two the art of cooperation today. Both of you come
here and I want you two to share my cock until it gets hard."

Brandi was trembling as she moved with Jessica and kneeled down to take his cock
in her mouth. It had been 6 weeks since she had had an orgasm and about 7 months
before that since she had had a cock in her. Her pussy was dripping and her
nipples were 2 small bullets in anticipation that she might get a chance to get
that cock in her. The 2 girls were working as hard as they could to get him hard
and Brandi was amazed to see his cock getting bigger by  the minute. It must be
around 15 inches long and a good 4 inches around she thought. After several
minutes of the 2 girls slurping and sucking on his balls and cock he pulled away
and smiled. In no time at all he had Brandi bent over with her tits in the sink
and Jessica kneeling between her legs. He pulled the clamped tube of jelly off
her pussy lip and Brandi gave a short scream as the blood came back to it and
the pain hit her. He squeezed a big glob in his hand and began smearing it all
over her asshole and then over his cock.

" Please Master Eric...Please its to big to go there. You will kill
me....Please...  I want you in my pussy...Please... I need you so bad..."

Eric gave his answer to her pleas as he started pressing the head of his monster
cock into her asshole. Her begging and pleading with him was answered only by
his grunts as he pushed and her scream as the head of his cock popped past the
tiny ring of her asshole. Brandi felt as if she had been split in half. Even 6
weeks of a monster butt plug in her ass had not stretched her and prepared her
for this. She swore she could feel her asshole ripping as with another grunt he
sank about 6 inches into her. Her begging and pleading intensified as he
continued to push. She was trying to get away from him as the pain in her ass
got worse and worse, but there was no where to go as he had her pinned into the
sink. She could feel the pain up in her stomach as he continued to push and then
time was still as he stopped and she realized his battering ram of a cock was
buried to the hilt in her guts. It felt as if someone had rammed a red hot poker
up her ass and into her guts and she held her breath as all the pain lessened
for just a second. She felt Jessica's nose bump her clit as she sucked on Eric's
ball sack, and then with a huge sliding sensation she felt Eric start to pull
out of her. Her pain lessened for a moment and then with an abrupt lunge Eric
buried his rod in her ass again. She felt her pussy start to spasm as Jessica's
nose kept bumping her clit and soon the blessed feeling of his monster cock
sliding in and out of her ass were all that mattered to Brandi. The pain was
gone and she began to slam back into him to match his thrusts. She was grunting
and groaning to match him as he pounded into her ass. Every time he hit bottom
Jessica's nose would slide across her pussy and bump into her clit. She could
feel the muscles in her legs start to quiver and knew she was close. All that
existed in the universe was that huge cock battering her ass and the fe�ling of
Jessica's nose sliding in her pussy. Just as she thought she was about to come
she felt Eric erupt into her ass. She could feel jolt after jolt of his cum
slamming into her guts and it felt so good she almost came...but not quite. She
was begging and pleading for him to continue and as she tried to squirm back
onto his cock. She was so close...just a little more and she could have a
blissful orgasm. As she squirmed and pushed to get a little more she felt his
cock jerk a bit in her then screamed as his hot piss seared into her brutalized
ass. Her pussy spasmed and wave after wave of spasms shook her body as she began
to buck and jerk in orgasm. White lights exploded in her head and her ass
clenched so hard, she felt his piss stream cut off in mid piss. Wave after wave
of pleasure shook through her and she felt her legs give out. If not for her
being jammed onto the sink she would have fallen to the floor. Her ass
unclenched and more of his hot piss scalded into her ass. Another spasm ran
through her pussy and she felt a second orgasm slam into her. After what seemed
an eternity she felt his softening dick begin to slide out of her ass. She
groaned "No please." as with a loud pop he pulled out of her. She felt the piss
and cum from her ass running out of her stretched asshole and realized it was
running all over Jessica's face. She could not move as she tried to clench her
asshole and stop the flow. Eric directed her to the bidet and a smaller orgasm
hit her as she let go and let the stream of piss and cum run out her brutalized
asshole. Waves of pain hit her ass the piss ran across her tender flesh. Finally
after  a few minutes she washed herself in the bidet and looked over at Jessica.
Jessica was kneeling by the sink and her hair and face and upper body were
covered in brownish runny liquid which she realized was the combination of shit
and piss and cum that had run out of her ass.

Eric helped Jessica into the shower and then washed her off . Then he had
Jessica kneel down in the shower and lick all the scum off his dick. Brandi
stood by the bidet unable to move. She could feel her ass and pussy throbbing in
time with her heartbeat. All to soon she was back on the mat with Jessica. Guard
Eric dressed and without a word clamped the tube of jelly on her nipple and
walked out. She could only look at Jessica and shrug as she knew it was not wise
to speak. The rest of the day was a blur as she cleaned pussies and cocks alike,
one after another in a continuous line. She and Jessica sucked on assholes, were
pissed on by both sexes and punished for any small thing the guards could find
wrong. Even later that day as she hung upside down and was flogged for what
seemed like hours, all she could think about was the feeling of his cock sliding
in her ass and the sudden jet of piss throwing her into orgasm. She came to
realize then that she was a slut and that was ok. All the pain and torture and
humiliation was nothing if she could have orgasms like that. Later that night
she didn't even mind the chastity belt and butt plug. It actually felt good in
her sore ass. She fell asleep sucking on the penis gag, dreaming of Eric's cock
in her ass and that was fine with her.   




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Texas Twister


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





