BDSM Library - The Runaway




The Runaway
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sixteen year old girl runs away from home to escape further punishment but gets picked up by a sadistic group who treat her worse than her parents.
The Runaway

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

Ff Mf NC punishment rape

This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2002




The Runaway

by obohobo

Chapter 1. Punished

Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! The belt landed rhythmically and hard across
Judith's arse. She squirmed to try and avoid the blows her mother was applying
so vigorously but her father held her tightly face down across the bed. Judith
tried to scream but her efforts were stifled by the strategically placed pillow.
Sixteen year old Judith was naked. Her father stood and leaned over her head,
his chest pressing against her shoulders effectively pinning her to the bed. To
further secure her movements his hands were wrapped around her young body,
gripping her tender breasts. He held them tight and hard although Judith for the
moment, hardly noticed the pain from them. Her arse was on fire.

Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! The ex-army webbing belt continued to strike
with considerable force. Ten times it struck. Judith's arse was now raw but she
knew from past experience, the punishment was far from over.

"My turn," yelled her father. Caroline Peters laid the belt on the bed and
changed places with Robert. During the change over Judith managed to cry out,
"Please, no more," before further words were lost in the pillow.

"You sinned greatly this time, girl, you must take your full punishment. We must
drive out the devil within you." Her mother's reply reduced further Judith's
already forlorn hope of getting off lightly.

Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Her father was now swinging the belt hard
against the already sore flesh. At the end of his ten blows her arse was one
massive raw red area. He rubbed his hands over the tortured buttock cheeks
causing even more pain by squeezing them and Judith's heart sank when he spoke,
"I think she can take another round each."

"You carry on then and I'll finish her off," replied his wife. Judith tried to
scream, "No!" but only a muffled groan came out. Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack!
Once again the belt continued its terrible pain giving descent. As she sobbed
and cried into the pillow, Judith thought she could not take any more pain but
knew they would not let up. It wasn't the first time they had thrashed her like
this. Their punishments were increasing in severity and frequency, She decided
now was the time to put her plan into action.

The changeover brought Judith's mind back to reality. Once again her father's
hands savagely gripped her tits and her mother applied the belt. Judith began to
lose consciousness as the relentless punishment continued. Eventually it was
over and they left her with their parting words of condemnation for her
behaviour. Judith lay alone on her bed, sobbing uncontrollably. "Had she really
done anything that terrible? Had she really done anything that warranted such a
thrashing? She didn't think so.

********

The Peters family lived by what seemed to outsiders at least, to be a strict
religious code. They didn't drink, didn't go to dances or the theatre. They went
to church three times on Sunday, said grace before meals and outwardly lived by
a set of high moral standards. Anything outside of this code was the work of the
devil and needed to be punished. As she developed into an attractive young girl
it seemed at least to her parents, the devil increasingly invaded her mind and
with it came the need for more frequent punishments. They were always for what
most people would consider trivial offences such as arriving home on a hot day
with the top button of her school blouse undone, or staying at her school
friend's house until after teatime.

Today, was the last day of the summer term at school and they had finished
early. It was a hot July day and instead of going straight home as she was
supposed to, Judith had stayed with her friend Sally and had even tried to drink
a glass of ginger beer shandy that Sally made up for her. Made with half bitter
beer and half ginger cordial, the alcohol content was very low and it made a
very refreshing drink on such a hot day. Judith thought it was safe for her to
stay at Sally's until the normal end of school time but her mother had seen
other children in the street and realised the early end of term. She guessed
where Judith would be and had caught her with the 'drink of the devil'. In no
uncertain terms she railed against Judith and Sally and would not listen to
Judith when she pointed out that she was now sixteen and old enough to be
allowed to drink alcohol and in any case she had only had two mouthfuls. "Had I
not come along, you would have drunk the whole glass," was Caroline's retort as
she dragged her daughter home.

Judith knew she was get yet another thrashing. She knew she would be confined to
her room without food until it was time for her parents to go to bed. As she sat
apprehensively considering what to do, and whether it now was the time to put
her plan into action. Her last hiding was only three weeks ago and the marks had
just faded. That had been painful enough. She was intelligent enough to know
that it wasn't religious zeal behind the beatings. It was sadistic sexual
pleasure. Both her parents got off on thrashing her. Despite their keeping her
cocooned at home and never allowing her out in the evening, they couldn't
control who she saw and what she did at school. In that rough area of Doncaster
the conversations in the school playground soon initiated her into the real
facts of life and her friend Sally, no longer a virgin, described in detail some
of the things she did with her boyfriends.

Several years ago, Judith had contemplated calling the Childline number but had
decided it would cause just more trouble and she would end up in a care home.
She would have had to use a payphone box as they didn't have a telephone in the
house. Neither did they have a TV set or computer. Judith though, was computer
literate because she had taken an IT course at school. These skills would be
necessary if she was to get a secretarial type job or, if as her parents wanted,
she stayed on at school to take A level exams.

Judith expected this hiding to be a big one. She knew her parents held back
during school terms. They always made sure she was given any thrashings on a
Thursday evening. Thursdays and Wednesdays were P.E. and swimming days, days
when Judith was forced to shower at school with other children and with her
teacher present, any marks might get reported. Punishment marks inflicted
Thursday evening had almost a week to fade. Even so they had to keep her home on
P.E. days after the last time. Twenty strokes of the belt had left bruises that
still showed.

It was during these two days at home, Judith refined her plan.

*********

Laying painfully face down on her bed, Judith could hear bed creaking and the
sound of furious love-making coming from her parents bedroom. They would sleep
soundly afterwards, then Judith would have her chance. But could she move
quickly enough with her tender backside muscles screaming at her every movement?
She hadn't expected the thrashing to be as severe but over the last three weeks
she had sneaked some aspirins into her room. She took three. It was more than
the recommended dose but she needed the pain relief. Normally, her parents
insisted the punishment ran its full course. No painkillers, no salve, nothing.
To get its full effectiveness the pain had to last, at least according to the
gospel of Robert.

Judith waited fifteen minutes until the aspirins had begun to ease the pain just
a little and then crept to the bathroom. The door to her parents room was just
cracked open. She couldn't see in but at least it wasn't locked. She heard them
whispering and her mother was giggling softly. This angered Judith and made her
more determined to get her revenge but that would have to wait until they were
sound asleep.

She peed without sitting on the seat and flushed to toilet. As she returned to
her room her mother called, "You haven't put anything on your bottom have you
dear?"

"No, mother." Judith then had a flash of inspiration. She would see how they
were lying on the bed. It might help her later. Boldly she opened the door to
their room, walked in and noted they were both naked, side by side on the top of
the bed. Turning round she bent over and showed her bottom to them. "I haven't
put anything on. You can see for yourselves." With that she stood stiffly and
walked out of the room before her stunned parents could say anything. "I hope
they sleep like that on top of the bed," she thought, "It will make my job
easier." She heard murmurs and giggles from them as she half closed the door
behind her.

Judith couldn't sleep. Not only was it painful to lie down in her normal
sleeping position, she was excited. Slowly the hands of the clock crept round
until they showed 1 a.m. This was the hour she decided they were most likely to
be sound asleep. Quietly she got up and completely removed the bottom drawer of
her tallboy. In the space underneath she had stored eight lengths of clothes
line already formed into snare-like nooses with a slip knot that would tighten
easily. Sliding the nooses loosely over her left arm, Judith silently went to
her parents room. In the dim light she saw they were still lying side by side on
the top of the bed. "Great!" thought Judith. Taking one of the loops she swiftly
passed it over her mother's right foot and her father's left as they lay
together. Gently she lifted each foot until the loops were around their ankles.
Her father stirred. It was now or never. Judith pulled the noose drawing the two
ankles tightly together. Immediately she wrapped the free end of the cord around
a cross bar on the old bedstead. Caroline and Robert awoke with a start but
before they could take in what was happening Judith had slipped another noose
over one of her father's wrists and was pulling the free end around the bar at
the head end of the bed. She moved to her mother's side. Caroline now half
awake, started flailing her arms at her daughter but it was futile. Unable to
move her ankle, her movements were limited and Judith was able to slip another
noose over a wrist and pinion it to the bed rail. After that it didn't take long
for Judith to fasten the remaining wrists and ankles. Now she was able to turn
on the light.

Despite their shouting, and unchristian language both parents were Judith's
prisoners. Picking up a pair her mother's tights, she wound one leg around
Caroline's face forcing her mouth to open and then effectively gagging her.
Robert, realizing what she was about to do, refused to open his mouth but Judith
picked up her mother's knickers, rolled them in a ball and then pinched her
father's nose until he was forced to take a breath. The knickers were quickly
pushed in and bound in place with the other leg of the tights. Both were now
gagged by the same pair of tights which also held their heads close to each
other.

A smile appeared on Judith's face. For sixteen years they had dominated and
punished her. Now for once she had the upper hand. She unashamedly looked over
their naked bodies. Cum oozed from her mother's vagina and was drying on her
thighs. Her father's flaccid cock still glistened with his wife's bodily fluids.
There was a mark on her mothers right breast where it had been sucked. Judith
put her finger on it. Caroline's face went red with embarrassment. She flicked
the cock to the other side and looked at his balls. They were larger than she
had imagined. She tickled the underside of the head and it began to harden and
grow. "Wow!" she thought, "It's big. It's what made me!"

Judith returned to her real task before her and spoke quietly. "For years you
have beaten me for your pleasure. There is no need to pretend any longer it has
anything to do with religion or the clap-trap of driving out the devil. It was
always because you enjoyed hurting me. You both are sadists and you get a sexual
kick out of hurting me. Like tonight, you couldn't wait to fuck like rabbits
knowing you really punished me. You laughed over how much you hurt me. You both
enjoyed feeling my sore arse and touching my naked cunt." To humiliate them
still further Judith deliberately used the crudest terms she could think of.
"Now, that is all over. I'm leaving in the morning. I don't know where I shall
go, probably London, but whatever happens, it can't be much worse than living
here. You have given me your last thrashing ever!" She left the room, locked the
bedroom door from the outside and lay down on her own bed to await the morning.
Surprisingly she fell asleep and didn't awaken till 8 a.m.




Chapter 2. Escape

Judith got up, peeped in to her parents room to see if they had freed themselves
but they were still bound as she had left them hours before. After a leisurely
shower she went into her parents room and took a jar of cream from her mother's
dressing table. In front of them she applied it liberally to her raw bum and
before leaving them to finish dressing she took the bottle of aspirins that were
on the table with the salve. Walking down the stairs was stiff and painful but
she hoped the muscles would ease if she worked them. Judith made herself
breakfast and packed a rucsac with clothing and other essentials she thought she
would need.

Searching the house she found �157 in various jars meant for paying bills as
they came due and a further �30 and some coins in her father's wallet. It wasn't
much but at least she would have some money until she could get a job. By 10.30
a.m. she was ready to go. Despite the horrors that had been done to her in this
house, she was sorry to leave and there were tears in her eyes when she went to
say good-bye to her parents. "Bye Mum. Bye Dad." Fear showed on their faces as
she spoke but their gags prevented any response. "I will try and phone the
police tomorrow or when I can so they can release you. You will be pretty hungry
by then but people have survived for longer. It will be your penance, your
punishment. I doubt I will see you again. Good-bye." As a final touch, Judith
placed a card at the foot of the bed with 'You have thrashed me for the last
time' scrawled in large letters on it. On leaving the room she once again locked
the door from the outside.

The bus took her to the outskirts of Doncaster as near as she was able to get to
the slip road on to the A1M south. The first hundred yards of the walk were
exceedingly painful but gradually it became more bearable. After only a fifteen
minute wait on the slip road a woman driver pulled up and asked where she wanted
to go. "South, please," Judith replied.

Hilary Jones, a driver for and partner in a courier service which specialised in
transporting fragile electronic equipment, was 28 years old with dark hair, very
much like and older version of Judith. In fact later they were often mistaken
for sisters. "Well I have a drop to make in Sheffield and then one in Newark but
after that I have to go across to Birmingham for a pick up tomorrow morning. I
can drop you off when I turn off for Sheffield or Newark. Where are you actually
heading for?"

"Anywhere out of here," replied Judith.

"You're running away? How old are you?" Hilary was concerned she was picking up
a minor.

"I was sixteen three weeks ago and I left school yesterday." Judith went on with
more details and soon found she was responding to Hilary in a way she didn't
with most other people. Hilary had a bubbly personality and a ready laugh. She
spoke kindly to the girl and didn't try to demean her. Although the seats in the
small van were reasonably comfortable, Judith found it difficult to sit still.
Hilary assumed it was nervousness and the prospect of leaving home with no where
to go.

The firm in Sheffield was closed for lunch when they arrived so Hilary took
Judith into a small cafe nearby and bought her lunch. Judith offered to pay but
Hilary seemed offended at the suggestion. In the ladies room Judith was able to
apply more salve to her backside and took another couple of aspirins to help
ease the pain.

Back at the electronics firm they had another long wait while the delivery was
checked out to see if it was undamaged. By then it was 3.30 p.m. and it would be
a race to get to Newark before the office closed. However, Hilary had not wasted
the time during the wait in Sheffield. Almost unknowingly to Judith she had
managed to elicit some of the reasons why the not unattractive girl was running
away. She felt sorry for the girl and thought that just maybe she could use this
to her advantage.

"Judith, I know I said I would drop you off on the way into Newark but after the
delay in Sheffield, I am running late and if I don't get to the office before it
closes I will be stuck there all night and won't be able to make the early
pick-up in Birmingham tomorrow. Would you mind if I drop you off afterwards? Or
perhaps Birmingham would suit you just as well as London?" Judith had no real
feelings about it one way or the other so agreed to go into Newark and then
decide whether to be dropped off on the A1 and try for London or go on to
Birmingham. In the end, fate made the decision for her. As the hot afternoon
drew on, a thunder storm blew up and she would have been soaked had she left the
car. The heavy rain made driving difficult so when Hilary saw a small service
station with a burger bar she pulled in as close as she could to the entrance.
Even so they got fairly wet just running the short distance from the car to the
door. Not really wanting it they each had a burger and fries and sat talking
until the rain eased.

It was during this conversation that Hilary dropped her bombshell. "Judith, I
have a room booked at a Travellodge for tonight and you are welcome to share it
with me. It won't cost you anything as they charge for the room and not the
number of people in it. We seemed to have got on well together today, so I think
it only fair that I should come clean with you. I am a lesbian." Judith looked
shocked. She had always been told that lesbianism was a deadly sin and women who
practiced it were very depraved and evil and to be avoided at all cost. Yet she
had been sitting next to one all day and she seemed anything but evil or
depraved.

"I've shocked you, I can see that," Hilary said. "With your strict religious
upbringing you have probably heard all sorts of outrageous tales about women
like me. Probably most are very much exaggerated but if you feel you want to
leave me and go your own way, I will understand. However, if you stay I won't
force you to do anything you don't wish to do. Lesbianism doesn't hurt or harm
anyone. When I am with the right woman, I get a great deal of love, comfort and
satisfaction. But, as I said, the choice is yours whether or not you want to
participate. I won't force it on you." Judith didn't know what to answer. Her
mind was bewildered by the statement.

The storm seemed to follow them on and off most of the way to the outskirts of
Birmingham. It was raining hard again when they arrived at the Travellodge so
once again fate made the decision for her. Judith liked and trusted Hilary and
thought she would never harm her. In any case could she do anything worse than
her own parents? Still it was with some trepidation that she entered the room
behind Hilary. Hilary closed and locked the door. She smiled at Judith, "There's
nothing to be afraid of. Come, let's have a shower and get rid of some of this
sweat and grime. I'm sure you have showered with other girls at school so no
need to worry about it now." With that she started to remove her clothes and
place them neatly folded on a chair. "Come on Judith, no need to be shy. We're
all girls together." Judith undressed slowly and somewhat warily until she stood
only in her bra and knickers. She heard the water start and guessed Hilary was
already in. "Come on in." The voice came echoing from the shower.

Plucking up her courage, Judith removed the remaining items of clothing and
entered the shower. She was struck by the loveliness of Hilary's body and the
beautiful whiteness of her breasts contrasting with the tan of her belly. For a
few moments she stared before Hilary pulled her close and gave her a hug.
"Judith you look lovely," she said as she pulled her tightly so their breasts
were squashed in close contact. She kissed the young girl on her forehead and
then directly on her mouth. It was a tentative kiss at first but then developed
into a forceful lovers kiss. It was the first time Judith had been held close
like this. For as far back as she could remember her parents had never done
that. Even as a small child no one held her close. Now she was being held
tightly and nakedly to another woman. A woman she had only met a few hours
earlier. A woman who openly stated she was a lesbian. A woman who put so much
love into a kiss.

Hilary's hands slid down Judith's back and clasped her buttock causing her to
emit a sharp cry of pain and push away. Hilary turned the young girl around and
gasped with horror at the sight of the bruised and welted flesh. Judith had kept
the parental thrashing from her.

"My God! Is this what your parents did to you?" When Judith nodded dumbly,
Hilary went on, "They should be locked up for this! No one is allowed to treat
their children or any other children in this way. I can see now why you have
been wriggling in the seat all day and I just thought it was nervousness."
Hilary gently washed the battered bottom and even allowed herself to feel and
rub between the girl's legs. Judith just let this to happen without responding.
When asked, Judith washed Hilary's back too but was less inclined to feel her
cunt area.

They dried each other and Hilary led her new friend naked to the bed. It was
very warm outside . The rain had stopped but the air conditioning controlled the
temperature and humidity to a comfortable level. The two girls held each other
and kissed for a while until Judith suddenly broke down and burst into
uncontrolled sobbing. This continued for a while until Hilary was finally able
to calm her and slowly the whole story came out. Judith told more of her life at
home, the thrashing of last night, how her parents were still tied up at home
and she ought to phone the police to release them but she didn't know how to do
it without giving away where she was.

Hilary held her and let her ramble on until it had all come out. "I must phone
the police to free them." Judith finally ended.

Hilary was silent for a while and then asked for the name of the main local
paper. "The Doncaster Echo" came the somewhat surprised answer. Opening her
laptop computer, Hilary keyed in a few commands and found the e-mail address of
the paper. She then took out a digital camera from her bag and said. "Jude, your
parents have humiliated you for years. You can now turn the tables on them if
you want. I can photograph you and your battered bum and send the pictures to
the paper and ask them to go with the police to release your parents. That way
it would be reported all over the town. We would have to wait until the morning
and send the pictures and covering letter from a cyber cafe in town so the
message couldn't be traced back to my computer and then to me. Your parents
should last through one more night. By the time they have traced the cafe, we
should be well on our way again. What do you think?" After discussing the
options reluctantly Judith agreed to this course of action.

Ferreting around in her luggage Hilary produced a copy of The Daily Mirror. "Put
your dress on and hold this paper in front of you," Hilary requested. "The paper
will give them some idea of when the photo was taken. It cannot have been taken
earlier than this morning." She downloaded it on to the laptop and checked it
was okay. The printing wasn't too clear but the paper's title and the general
layout were fine. She saved it in JPEG format.

"Take the dress off and turn around. Hold the paper so the top is level with the
crease in your bum. That's it. Now the bruises will show but your sex is hidden
so they can print it if they want. It will also help the police decide not to
take action against you for imprisoning your parents." The photo came out well
and with a little enhancement the bruises showed very clearly. Together they
composed a message to the paper.

'Message from Judith Peters of 133 York Road, Doncaster. I am 16 years old and
ran away from home on Friday morning to escape further thrashings like this. It
is the second one this month and about the seventh this year. The only way I
could escape was to tie my parents to the bed. Unless they have been able to
untie themselves they are still there. Please take the police to the above
address and release them. The key to the back door is inside the garden shed on
the ledge above door. Please do this as despite the punishments they have given
me, I do not want them to die. I will not be returning to Doncaster in the
foreseeable future.' Hilary downloaded the text and two pictures on to a floppy
disk, closed the laptop and led Judith back to the bed.




Chapter 3. A new girl friend

Shaking slightly for reasons she couldn't understand, Judith lay on the top of
the bed facing Hilary. "Jude, from what you have told me, I guess your parents
probably taught you that sex is a sin. Something that is nasty and dirty. Yet
from what you heard of their love making, they enjoyed it. Sally too told you
what she did. Did she enjoy it?" Judith said she thought she did. "Well let's
see if you will like it too. Remember I am not going to force you to do
anything. If you don't like what I do, just turn the other way. I am not going
to hurt you, nor will you become pregnant as you might if I was a man so just
relax a little and let your body respond in the way it wants. For a start, lets
just hold and cuddle each other like we did in the shower. I'll keep my hands
away from your bottom."

For the second time that day, Judith found herself pressed close to the body of
a naked woman and again felt the love vibes flow between them. They kissed,
gently at first but then with greater passion. Mouths opened and tongues waged a
mock war. Hilary rolled Judith on top of her so she would not have her weight on
her sore bum. In doing so she insinuated one of her legs between Judith's and
her thigh could feel moistness from her friend's vagina. Judith could feel it
too and was rather embarrassed by it. "Don't worry darling," Hilary whispered,
"Feel how wet I am between my thighs." She took one of Judith's hands and placed
over her cunt. It was very wet. "That shows you are sexually exciting me," she
said, "Now let me feel you with my hand."

Judith was amazed with herself when she didn't object. Hilary's hand gently
caressed her pubic mound and then turned its attentions to her clitoris. Despite
her repressed upbringing, Judith knew what was happening to her. She had
masturbated in the quiet and dark of her room even though her mother had not
infrequently cautioned her against performing the ritual of the devil. Judith's
breathing became more ragged until she couldn't repress a small cry as she
reached a climax. It was a far more powerful climax that any she had on her own.

"Did you enjoy that darling?" Hilary enquired but Judith just kissed her in
reply. They lay quietly together for a while longer until Hilary said, "Jude?
You do realise this is a two way thing. What I did to you, you should now do to
me in return." Again she took one of Judith's hands and placed in on her moist
cunt. Tentatively the younger girl massaged the area and, under Hilary's
instruction, concentrated on the clit area. She then had her insert a finger
inside. Hilary was no virgin, she just preferred sex with females rather than
men. Men seemed to her uncouth and unrefined. Even with Judith's inexperience,
it wasn't long before Hilary climaxed. She whispered and kissed her thanks.

They separated and lay side by side holding hands for a while. Hilary stared at
the ceiling; Judith lay more or less face down. "Jude? I'm going to make a cup
of tea. Do you want one?" On receiving an affirmative answer Hilary made the
drinks and when the cups were empty she said, "I think we should try and get
some sleep now. We have to get away promptly in the morning. I've got to do the
pick up at 9 a.m. and then we need to find a cyber cafe and get your message
off. Then I have to get to Watford to drop the parcel off and then head back for
Cambridge which is where I live. Would you like some more cream rubbed into that
sore little bum of yours?"

Judith lay awake for a long while, her mind going over the extraordinary events
of the last 36 hours. Had it been only that long since she left school? She
grimaced at the remembrance of the terrible hiding, she wondered if her father
and mother were okay. She wanted them to feel some of the pain and some of the
humiliation they had heaped on her but she wanted them alive, partly to remember
how she turned the tables on them. Then there was the feelings of love she now
felt for her girl friend that lay sleeping peacefully alongside her. Never had
she felt these feelings before. There was pure love and sexual excitement. Her
emotions overcame her and she shed quiet tears until sleep finally came.

The pick-up was actually two large and fairly heavy packages. Fortunately there
were men with barrows to move and lift them into the van. It all went to time.
The sun shone and Judith was happy. They had borrowed a phone book at the
Travellodge and found where the nearest cyber cafe was and were given directions
to the street from the men who loaded the van. Luckily a parking space was
available so they went inside and not only were they able to send the message
they had breakfast as well.

From there on, the journey was horrendous. The M6 motorway around Birmingham was
congested and at times the traffic was at a standstill. It seemed hours before
they could make any real progress and it was early afternoon before they arrived
at Watford. Hilary had phoned the firm and told them of the delay so a caretaker
had stayed behind to await their arrival. He was past retiring age and rather
infirm so the girls had to lift the boxes themselves and get them into the
office. Both were pretty exhausted but there was still the journey around the
M25 and up the M11 to Cambridge. Not the nicest of journeys at the best of times
and much worse on a hot July afternoon with holiday traffic on the road.

Before they left Watford, Hilary asked if she should drop Judith at an railway
station that would take her into central London or would she rather stay in
Cambridge with her for a few days until things sorted themselves out and she was
able to get a job or decided what she really wanted to do. Judith jumped at the
chance of staying with her new friend.



*****

Sheila Jenkins stared in disbelief at the screen when the e-mail came through.
"Chief!" she yelled across the desks. It caught the attention of all those in
the surrounding desks. Normally Sheila just sat quietly at the computer
answering the routine e-mails that came in on behalf of editor or 'Auntie May'.
She had been doing this for six months and rarely did she ask for help, let
alone shout.

"What's up Sheila?" answered the Chief as he lumbered from his desk.

"It's my sister's friend from school. Her parents thrashed her and now she's
left home and tied then up. There's a pic of her arse."

"My God, look at the state of that. You know the girl?"

"Yeah, Sal told me about her mother coming after school on Thursday and taking
Judith away. She was very angry because Sally had given her daughter a shandy
and she wasn't allowed to have alcohol. It was the drink of the devil. They are
religious maniacs."

"Follow it up. Print out the e-mail and pics. Grab Bob and get yourselves down
to the nick. Ask for Sergeant Wilkins. See if you can get yourselves in on the
entry." The Chief gave his orders like bullets from a machine gun. "Jerry, see
what you can find out on the Peters. Rest of you get back to your desks."

Sheila and Bob, the photographer showed the print-outs to the Sergeant who
immediately ordered a policewoman to accompany him to the York Road address.
"We're coming too, Sergeant. Its our story and she is a friend of mine." Sheila
tried and seemed to succeed in putting some authority in her voice.

"Okay, but keep out of the way."

The key was exactly as the e-mail had indicated and entry was without problem.
Ignoring a request to wait, the photographer followed the police to the bedroom
and quickly had a series of pictures before being ushered out of the room. An
acrid smell assailed their nostrils. "Open a window and radio for an ambulance,"
the sergeant ordered the WPC, "Then help untie these knots."

Sheila had returned to the room and was taking notes of the operation. It was a
coup for her to be allowed to report such an incident. Normally it was just
fetes, church events and school sports days. But how would she describe the mess
the couple had made? They had not been able to contain their body functions for
the length of time they had been tied and not only had they lain in their
excreta, their movements to try and loosen their bonds had spread it over a
larger area. The smell was nauseating.

After being tied and gagged for so long, Caroline and Robert had difficulty in
moving or talking. It was several minutes before they were able to stand and
make their way to the bathroom to clean themselves up. There were raw marks
around their wrists and ankles where the bindings had rubbed. When the medics
arrived, Robert tried to send them away but Sergeant Wilkins insisted they had
to be checked out at the hospital and then they would be required to make
statements at the police station. "A criminal offence has been committed by
imprisoning you, and we must investigate it even if you do not wish to prefer
charges," the sergeant said.

"Just leave us alone," replied Caroline, "We can manage on our own."

"I'm sorry we can't do that until we have further investigated this incident. We
just have our job to do. Please dress and go with the ambulance. WPC Watts will
accompany you."

The siren of the police car followed a little after by the wailing of the
ambulance attracted the neighbours attention and a small crowd collected in the
street. As they were still a little unsteady on their feet, the pair were
stretchered to the ambulance and whisked away. Bob got photos of them on the
stretchers.

"Will they be charged with anything or will Judith be charged?" Sheila asked the
sergeant.

"My guess is the whole thing will be dropped but don't quote me on that. I can't
see them pressing charges against their daughter after what they did to her and
I guess Judith won't come back to press charges against her parents."

"So they will get away with it?"

"Not if you do your job and again, I didn't say that!" replied Sergeant Wilkins,
"I reckon the neighbours will humiliate them more than the courts would."




Chapter 4. Found

The evening edition of the paper ran the story with colour pictures although a
small part had to be discreetly blanked out. As predicted, it was the neighbours
that caused the Peters' most aggravation. They had never been well liked and now
insults were shouted at them as they walked in the street and derogatory slogans
were sprayed on the house walls. Even their church ignored them and refused to
allow them entry. All they could do was sit at home and go out as little as
possible in the hope it would all blow over.

******

Sheila sat discussing the story with Sally and her older brother John that
evening while their parents were out. "I don't like the idea of Judie running
away to London. She's pretty innocent and could end up in a lot of trouble."
Sally was concerned for her friend's well being.

"She may not be in London. The e-mail came from Birmingham but it was sent from
a cyber cafe so she could just have been passing through. She must have been
with someone to get the photos taken and downloaded to us. She may be with some
man and staying with him or they could be anywhere in the country, probably
except Doncaster." Sheila added information that wasn't in the paper.

"Have the police made enquiries at the cafe?" John asked, "I also think she
could be in real trouble if the wrong type of man picked her up as a runaway."

"I always thought you fancied her," teased Sally.

"Well, I did think she was kinda nice. Seemed very shy or repressed but yes, I
quite liked her although I wouldn't go as far as saying I fancied her."

"Thought you would have had plenty of female students at your posh university
not to think about the northern locals." This time is was Sheila doing the
teasing.

Between them they tossed the story around. Sally demanded all the juicy details
of how the Peters couple looked when found. "They always try to make themselves
out to be better than us. They were supposed to be so righteous and good living
but now we find out they are monsters. I thought Judie looked really scared when
her mother came for her."

"What was his cock like?"

"Looked fairly normal to me but I unlike you, little sister, I haven't seen that
many. It wasn't erect or anything. Guess his mind was on other things by then."

Responding to Sally's further demands, Sheila told in the most gruesome detail,
the mess and smell in the room when she entered. She told of their naked bodies
besmirched with piss and shit and of the suck mark on Caroline's breast. "Ugh!
Gross!" repeated Sally as each detail was described to her.

"John, why don't we drive to Birmingham tomorrow and see if we can get any more
info from the cafe? It would be a scoop if I could find Judith? I think I could
swing it with the Echo," Sheila suggested.



******

Roger Jacobs, the proprietor of the cyber cafe looked over his glasses at the
trio, then at the photo they showed him. If they were undercover cops they were
well disguised. The two blonde girls were obviously sisters and the boy could
well be their older brother as they said. Still he had to be careful. He knew
some of his clients logged on to sites that they weren't supposed to and he
didn't want to be closed down. "Your school mate, you say?" he addressed Sally,
"And she ran away because her parents beat her?"

"Yes, and she sent a message from here on Saturday morning. Do you remember her?
And was she with anyone?"

"There was a woman and a girl in fairly early Saturday but they didn't stay long
and I was busy so I didn't take much notice."

"Look, please try and help us. She could be in trouble by now. Was there anyone
in who might have noticed them?" Sheila pleaded with the man and gave him her
helpless little girl look.

"Well Jake probably noticed. He eyes up all the women who come in. Saturdays he
always comes in early. He's doing some open university building course or
something. Spends a couple of hours here regular and occasionally comes in at
other times. Don't know if he's home now or if he's got a job. He's just does
odd jobs."

"Do you know his address?"

"No, but I can show you from here. Have heard him tell women he's picked up a
couple of times." Leading them to the window he pointed, "See that tower block,
its the fourth floor, third door from the left. Rough area though but you should
be okay at this time of day."

*****

The door was opened by a spotty lad about nineteen years old. "What'ya want?"

"We're trying to find a girl friend of ours and we think you may have seen her
with another woman on Saturday morning in the cyber cafe," Sheila began and
started to produce the picture.

"I don't know what you're talking about? I'm no grass."

"Look we are not the police. Nor do we have anything to do with them. We think
our friend has been taken away against her will and we are trying to trace her,"
Sheila continued.

"Didn't look as if she was unwilling to me...." He started and then realised he
had admitted seeing them. "I'm not saying no more."

"Couldn't we come inside and explain it to you more? Please. She is my friend."
Sally spoke up. "Perhaps we could make it worth your while?"

Jake looked Sally up and down. "If you want to come in by yourself and make it
worth my while, I can tell you the name on the van they left in."

"You mean you want to her to have sex with you before you give us the
information. No way! She's my sister." John turned to Sally, "We'd better go."

"Listen, Jayjay and you too Sheila, I'll make any decision on that! I'm old
enough and probably more experienced than you." Sally turned angrily on her
brother and sister. Turning to Jake she said, "You can have me for half an hour
provided you use protection and in return give me the names and as much other
information as you can."

"You can't do this," John said, "I won't let you."

"If you don't let me now I'll come back by train tomorrow and find out then,
without anyone being here to back me up."

Eventually after quite an argument Sally won the day. The others agreed to wait
in the car for exactly thirty minutes and then return for her and if she was in
any way harmed or they couldn't get an answer they were to go straight to the
police.

"She must be a good friend for you to do this," Jake commented.

"Not really, but I do think she could get hurt even more than she has already.
You got the condom?"

Jake produced it and led her to the bedroom. "Let me undress you and you do the
same for me," he said. This surprised Sally somewhat who had expected him to
strip off swiftly and cock out, bang-bang, done. "I want to make the most of my
half hour," Jake added. Slowly and carefully he stripped Sally's clothes from
her body and in doing so tenderly felt her flesh. He massaged her full tits and
worked his way down her belly until he came to the pubic area. Here her rubbed
her slit, fingered her clit and gently worked his index finger to and fro in her
vagina until the moisture flowed freely.

"Wow, that was an unexpected work-over," Sally cried, "Now let me see what I can
do for you." She began removing Jake's clothes too. He wasn't wearing much
because of the hot weather and soon he was as naked as she. His cock was fully
erect and she gently worked her fist up and down it. "Time for the rubber," she
said, "Then I want it in me. Put it in and fuck me hard. Don't worry about the
other two."

Jake did just that. His cock slid easily in Sally's well lubricated cunt as she
lay with her legs dangling over the edge of the bed. "Come on Jake, fuck me
hard!" Again Jake complied. Sally already worked up from the foreplay came and a
few minutes later, Jake filled the condom with his sperm.

"Bang bang." The door knocker sounded. The half hour had gone quickly and they
weren't dressed and Sally hadn't the information she wanted. Going to the
bedroom door she yelled, "Five minutes! I'm okay. Five minutes!"

"Okay Jake, I made it worth your while, so now give." As she spoke she started
to dress. So did Jake.

"The girl was with another dark haired women bit older. Thought they could have
been sisters. They were laughing when they left and the older woman gave the
younger one a hug. Almost as if they shared a secret. I looked out and saw they
got in a small white van with Cambridge Couriers on the side. Didn't get the reg
number. Hope that helps you find them. You were a great fuck. If you ever want
to come back, feel free to look me up."

"You were good yourself. If I am ever back this way, I might just do that." The
door knocker sounded again. "I'd better go. Bye lover-boy."



"Well, was it worthwhile?" John asked as they got into his car.

"It would have been very worthwhile even if I hadn't got any information!" Sally
sniped back.

"You're really getting to be a whore, little Sis," chided John, "What did you
find out."

"They may well be in your area, the woman she went with works for Cambridge
Couriers. Do you know them?"

"No, but they're probably in the phone book. Let's go to my college digs and
spend the night there."

"I can't really take another day off so we would have to either get back late
tonight or leave very early tomorrow," piped in Sheila. "We could phone from
home and see if she is okay."

"I think we should try and see her in Cambridge." Sally put her argument
forward. After some minutes of debate they decided to go to Cambridge and see
what developed from there.



******

Ding-dong. Ding-dong. Hilary answered the door bell. "Can I help you?"

"I'm, Sally Jenkins and we are looking for Judith Peters......."

"Sally!" Judith's voice came from the back of the hall.

Hilary ushered the trio into the lounge. Sally and Judith hugged then parted.
"How did you find me? I'm not going back. I'm happy here." Words and tears
gushed out from Judith's head.

Hilary asked Judith to do the introductions and then went on "I too would like
to know how you found us. I thought we had covered our trail fairly well."

Sheila told the story again and showed them the newspaper article. We wouldn't
have found you had not Sally used her rather special talents on a boy who was in
the cyber cafe when you were . He thought you were sisters and rather fancied
Jude so he watched you leave and saw the sign on your van. John's at university
here so we are spending the night at his place."

Judith was aghast that the large picture of her bare arse had been printed and
everyone in Doncaster would see it. She enquired of her parents and what they
were going to do. Again it was Sheila who explained how the police entered the
house and what they saw.

"I'm not going back" Judith repeated her earlier statement.

"We are not here to take you back, we just wanted to find out if you were okay.
Are you going to stay here and find work or are you moving on again?" Sally
enquired.

"I might be able to help with job finding," John spoke almost for the first
time. "Often they post jobs on the uni notice board. I have a holiday job there
and will be back on Thursday so if you want a place to stay from then on until
the end of September when the others who share the house with me come back to
uni, you're welcome to do so."

"At the moment I would like to stay with Hilary if she'll have me. We get on
well together even though we have only known each other for a couple of days."

"As I told you last night, much will depend on Yolande when she comes back from
holiday. If she takes to you, then you're welcome to stay. If not then you might
take up John's offer or you might continue on your great adventure. That's a
decision you will have to make." Hilary paused to speak more directly to the
others, "Yolande is my business partner. It's her house and she owns
three-quarters of the business so at the moment she's the boss. She might not
like us becoming a threesome."

"You mean you are lovers?" Sally butted in and when Hilary nodded she went on,
"And Jude?" Again the nod. "Well at least that way we know she wont get
pregnant! I might be worried about that if she stayed with big brother here."
Sally and her sister giggled. Judith looked more closely at John. He had
certainly grown into a handsome man. She wondered how different sex would be
with a man. Sally always seem to enjoy it and was forever wanting more.

Hilary left them and went into the kitchen, made tea and produced some cakes
before returning. Meanwhile the others had questioned Judith as to her real
wishes. They could tell she was at least infatuated with Hilary but thought she
would be better with her than her parents or possibly in care or on the streets.
Sheila suggested she could stay with them but Judith ruled that out. "It would
just be too embarrassing to meet people who knew what had happened and had seen
my picture in the paper."

Hilary heard the questioning without really hearing what was said. As she
returned they were asking about her schooling. "I thought you wanted to go on
into the sixth form and do A Levels," stated Sally.

"I did but that is hardly possible now."

"You could find a school here," John said.

"And then she could visit you Jayjay," chirped in Sally.

"At the moment there are too many other things to worry about. I could miss a
year of school but it looks best if I get a job so I can pay my way wherever I
live," came Judith's more pragmatic answer.

They spent another hour with Judith and Hilary before deciding they had best
find somewhere to eat. Hilary suggested they all go to a small restaurant nearby
which was agreed to. Sheila used her mobile to tell their parents what was
happening.

The meal was a quiet affair, each seemed lost in their thoughts. John kept
glancing over at Judith. Sheila wondered if she could get a story out of it.
Sally remembering Jake and Judith and Hilary trying to take in the fact they had
been found and weren't being condemned for being lovers. Before they left, John
passed Judith his address and phone number. "Just in case you need it," he said.




Chapter 5. Thrown out

Yolande's plane was six hours late arriving at Stansted Airport so instead of
getting the last train to Cambridge she would have to wait until the first train
of the morning. She phoned Hilary from the airport with this information. Hilary
and Judith went to bed and after some passionate girl sex, slept in each others
arms as they had done for the past few nights. Hilary had initiated her young
friend into the joys of sixty-nining and oral sex. It wasn't difficult for
Hilary to train her. Judith trusted and believed what she said about the thrills
and pleasure she would get from it and so far it seemed as if she was right.
Judith loved the woman and what they did to each other. It was so comforting to
be held so close their skin bonded.

However, soon after Yolande phoned she met another family who lived nearby and
who she knew slightly. They were in the same situation but with a young child,
decided on a taxi home and asked Yolande if she wanted to share with them.
Yolande jumped at the chance and arrived home at 2 a.m. Letting herself in
quietly, she was astounded by the sight that greeted her eyes. There in the dim
night light in their bedroom was her friend, her loved one cuddling an
attractive, naked young girl. While she was on holiday, her dearest had taken
another lover. In her mind that was akin to adultery.

Tired and upset from the delayed journey, Yolande vented her anger on the couple
in bed. She switched on the main light startling them awake and then railed at
Hilary for taking another lover. She called Judith a slut and a whore and a
thief who was trying to steal her friend from her. That she was not going to put
up with. Hilary's explanations fell on deaf ears. Judith had to go. And she had
to go NOW! Nothing would pacify her.

Judith lay there shaking despite the nighttime July warmth. The tall, gaunt,
domineering woman frightened her but all she could do was to repeat, "I'm sorry,
I'm sorry......"

Hilary did her best to calm Yolande, She refused to send Judith away at that
time of night and eventually it was agreed she would sleep in the spare bed in
the other room. From there she could here them both arguing and crying before it
eventually it stopped. Judith lay awake for a long time debating what she should
do. Her nice safe little world had fallen to pieces in seconds. Should she stay
with John? If she did would he just want to have sex with her? Make her
pregnant? Should she move on and find a job? Go to London as she originally
planned? Or? These thoughts spun in her head until she finally dropped off to
disturbed sleep.

She awoke early and tiptoed to the bathroom. Passing the open door to their room
she saw they were holding each other like Hilary had held her only a few hours
before. The sight filled Judith heart with jealousy. How could this woman burst
into her life and destroy it like this? Then she realised it was she that was
the intruder. She was the one who had usurped Hilary's affections. She should
leave. Where should she go? John wouldn't get back until tomorrow, probably late
tomorrow. Should she head for London? She could get the train as she had hardly
spent any of the money she had taken from her parents.

The flushing of the toilet woke Hilary but she just lay there trying to think of
a way of keeping both Yolande and Judith but she thought any idea would only be
a forlorn hope unless Yolande had a change of heart and Yolande could be very
stubborn when she wanted to be. Judith dressed quickly and was about to shoulder
the backpack that contained all her possessions when Hilary got up to pee.
Seeing Judith ready to leave she called he back, "Judith! You can't just walk
out. We'll work something out. Stay until I have been able to speak with
Yolande. Please. Judith, wait please." There were tears in her eyes as she
spoke.

"I'm not wanted here. I'm in the way. I've spoiled things between you and
Yolande. I will have to go." Judith too started crying. Hilary took the girl's
arm and led her to the kitchen. "Make coffee for the three of us, then we'll
have breakfast and I will talk with Yolande. Last night she was very tired and
upset over the flight delay and seeing us together made her feel she wasn't
going to be wanted. I love both you and her. We can work something out. Stay
until we can talk. Stay until we've all had breakfast." Judith somewhat
reluctantly agreed.

The talking woke Yolande and she overhead the conversation but it only served to
strengthen her determination to get rid of the new girl. If Hilary loved Judith
after only a few days together, the love she had for her would surely diminish.
The girl must go.

She got up and donned a dressing gown. Her body would have liked to have slept
on but her mind was awake and angry. Why couldn't Hilary just send the girl on
her way? In a sour mood she came into the kitchen and accepted a cup of coffee
from Judith. "I see you're ready to be on your way, so I think we should say
good-bye before you do any more harm here."

"No, Yolande," Hilary spoke firmly but with tears running down her face, "We
can't just push her out. I brought her here. Let her wait until tomorrow when
her friends brother comes back and she can stay in his house."

"And have her get involved with a man?"

"Better than being alone on the streets."

"She goes! Or you choose between her and me."

Judith picked up her back pack and started for the door. "I'm sorry I caused you
this much trouble, Hilary. I'd better go now."

"No, Judith. Don't go. Wait." Hilary put her arms around the youngster. "Look, I
have a pick up in Ipswich this morning, come with me and perhaps we can find you
a place to stay. You could be safer in a small town rather than in the big
city." Hilary turned to Yolande, "You surely can't object to her staying a few
more hours even if you cannot see it in your heart to allow her to stay till
Thursday." Yolande said nothing so Hilary took that as being a silent agreement.



******

For a while the pair were quiet as Hilary drove the van. Each kept their
thoughts to themselves. Then Hilary pulled into a lay-by and spoke gently,
"Judith, I am really sorry. After all you have been through you deserve better
than this. I really didn't think Yolande would react like she did. I didn't want
this happen. I really do love you but as I told your friends, she is the boss.
She holds the purse strings and I love her too. We've been together many years
and expect to be together for many more. I can't let her go, but I don't want
you to go either." She wiped tears from her eyes and went on, "The pick-up is at
a boat yard outside Ipswich itself. If you want to leave then just take off and
go. No unpleasant scenes, no good-byes. However, if you want you can stay in the
van for the drop offs in Lowestoft and Norwich you can either leave then or come
back to Cambridge with me and I'll find a B&B for you for the night. You can
contact John in the morning. It's up to you. You don't have to answer. If you
are not in the van when I get back with the parcel, I'll know you decided to
move on." She leaned over and they kissed before Hilary edged the van back on to
the main road.

"Hilary? Thank you for what you have done for me. I know it is not your fault we
have to part. You're the first person that has been really kind to me. I really
don't know what to say or what to do. Perhaps fate will tell me again like it
did with the storm on the first day."

The hot sunny weather of the past few weeks had given way to cool grey skies
which added to her depression. They drove in silence for the rest of the journey
until they parked in front of the boatyard office. "It will probably take me
half an hour to pick up the parcel and do the paperwork. I'll try not to watch
the car." Hilary touched Judith's hand in a gesture of friendship hoping the
girl would still be there when she returned but not wanting to influence her
decision.




Chapter 6. Taken for a ride

In later years it seemed to Judith that her fate and weather were interlinked.
Hilary said she would be half an hour so. Judith thought she would have a look
at the boats in the marina and try to decide what to do while wandering around.
She was nearing the end of the boardwalk when a heavy shower came over and she
started to run back to the car. A young couple were running towards her but a
few yards before they met, they jumped aboard a nice looking motor cruiser.
Seeing Judith running and knowing the nearest shelter was a hundred yards away,
she called to her. "Come aboard, out of the rain."

"Thanks," Judith gratefully accepted their offer. Introductions were made while
they sat in the cabin. They were Phillipa 'Pippa' Johnson and Derek Carlson.
Pippa put the kettle on and a short while later they sat enjoying mugs of tea
and chatting like old friends. It didn't take them long to find out Judith had
run away from home and had nowhere to go. Looking at the round brass clock fixed
to the bulkhead, Judith knew Hilary would have left. She was on her own again or
with this seemingly friendly couple.

Nearly an hour later she decided to make a move. The heavy shower had been heavy
but brief and had stopped some time ago. Gathering her pack she stood to say
good-bye when Pippa suggested she stay for lunch. "Only cold meat, salad and
stuff, but you're welcome to a bite of it." Judith sat down again. They talked
over lunch and Judith began to feel the pair were probing more and more deeply
into her life. Something in her mind warned her but she couldn't put a finger on
it. They were friendly enough and nice to talk to but there was something odd
about them. It was obvious to her they were not married and yet the talked and
acted as though they were. Pippa kissed him openly and on several occasions,
Derek had his hands around her buttocks which were only encased in a thin pair
of shorts. He made sexual remarks concerning what he would do with her later
while openly feeling her breasts in front of Judith. Presently the pair went to
one of the cabins. "Make yourself at home for a few minutes, I need to have a
word with Pippa here," Derek said as they left and went forward.

*****

Although Hilary said she wasn't going to watch to see if Judith left, she found
she couldn't help herself and saw her walk along the boardwalk. "Just going to
stretch her legs," she thought. Then she heard the rain thunder down and saw
Judith run and then get on the boat with the couple. Perhaps she'll come back
when the rain stops. While doing the paperwork she enquired of the people on the
boat, whose name she could read was Mongoose. It was actually quite close to her
but separated by a stretch of water so it was quite a way round to get to it.

"Odd couple. They invited me out for a weekend once but my boyfriend wouldn't
let me go. He said he'd heard, they got up to strange things," the secretary
answered. "Why? Have they asked you out? They usually seem to prefer younger
girls and even boys. A girl that worked here went and she looked terrible when
she came back. Wouldn't talk about the weekend and left here soon after."

Hilary was now worried but she believed she had caused the girl enough grief
already and didn't want to prolong it further if Judith didn't want to. She
stayed in the office till the rain had more or less ceased and until the boss
reminded her the package was needed by the Lowestoft boatyard as soon as
possible and then she would have to take the small packet on to Norwich.

It was late in the afternoon when she arrived back home. There Yolande greeted
her with the usual hug and a kiss and said she was sorry for what happened and
the girl could still stay there if she wished. Hilary explained what had
happened and her concerns and they asked why the change of heart. "I found and
read the newspaper article. That poor girl must have gone through hell."

"Too late to get her back now, even if I could or she wanted to come. She was
very innocent and I had to work hard to introduce her to our loving delights. I
am so sad she has gone and I didn't like what the secretary told me about the
couple she went on the boat with. Of course she might not have stayed with them
but she is very naive and would be easily led."



*****

Another short sharp shower brought Judith back to reality. It was pleasant
sitting on this posh boat, but she ought to find somewhere to sleep tonight and
find a job of some sort. Just then Pippa and Derek returned to the cabin.
"Judith," Pippa began, "How would you like to stay with us for the weekend? From
what you've told us, you have nowhere special to go and we are going down river
in the boat and explore some of the backwaters until we have to go back to town
on Monday. We will meet up with friends on another boat and have a bit of a get
together probably on Friday and I am sure they will love to have you along. What
do you say. Take a few days off with us and then look for work at the beginning
of next week?"

Somewhat against her better judgement the rain on the cabin top made her agree.

"High tide's in a hour and the rain should soon clear so we'll wait for high
water and then catch the ebb tide and make for the Walton Backwaters." Derek
announced. "I'll rustle up some sandwiches and make tea while you show Judie her
bunk."

Pippa showed Judith to a largish cabin. On one side there was a large double
berth and on the other a single bunk which folded over and served as a seat. At
the moment there were items of clothing on it but Pippa cleared them away and
opened the bunk. If the weather is rough you can clip these side pieces to the
deck beam so you don't fall out but it shouldn't be necessary this weekend.
Forecast is quite good once these showers are gone."

Judith found the trip down the Orwell fascinating. The sun had come through and
the sea was calm as the powerful boat sped down the river leaving other boats
rolling in its wake. They passed several large vessels entering the Port of
Felixstowe and then they were out into the open sea. It was the first time
Judith had seen the sea. The water here was muddy and didn't look any different
from that of the river but she could now only see land on one side. Turning
southward, they passed Dovercourt and soon after entered an estuary and shortly
after found a quiet sheltered place to anchor.

During the trip down the river Orwell, Judith sat on the foredeck watching the
scenery and the other boats. She waved at several that passed close but once
outside the slight breeze felt cool on her skin and she retired to the
wheelhouse. Derek was at the wheel with Pippa alongside him. He had his arm
around her and his hand down inside the back of her shorts. In turn, Pippa had
her hand down inside the front of his and there was a bulge that was obvious to
Judith. She had her blouse partly open revealing that her tits were braless.
They didn't separate when she came in. In fact the motion of Derek's hand became
more pronounced. It was as if he was deliberately showing Judith what he was
doing. She looked sharply away and tried to concentrate on the scenery to one
side, but her head kept turning to sneak a quick glance at what the pair were up
to. By now she was very apprehensive. Hilary had been gentle with her but would
this pair? It seemed a forgone conclusion they would at least try and there was
not much she could do about it. They had her in a virtual prison. She could swim
but her experience was only during school lessons at the local pool.

Judy helped them cook but tried to decline when they offered her wine with the
meal. She still remembered her parents warnings about the sins of alcohol. They
insisted but she drank very little partly because she didn't like the sharp
taste. While the other two sat finishing the wine, Derek removed Pippa's blouse
completely and fondled her tits and then started sucking one of the nipples.
Hilary had said that men were rough, and Judith could see what she meant. He was
nowhere near as gentle as Hilary had been with her.

"I think we'd better clear the dishes before we really get started on anything,"
Pippa said, "What do you say, Judie?" Judith blushed and stuttered that she
would do the dishes but didn't want to do anything like what ...."

"Oh come now, Judie, you're not a spoilsport are you?" Derek asked.

"Derek, why don't you check the anchor and see everything is okay for the night
while we clear up here," Pippa suggested. Derek understood she wanted him out of
the way for a bit.

Still topless, Pippa started to wash-up in the small sink and while working
spoke quietly to Judith. "Judie, I think you are beginning to realise why we
brought you along. We both want to have sex with you. We are both going to have
sex with you. It's not your first time surely?" Pippa was astounded when Judith
stated she had never done it with a man and she had only done it with a woman in
the last few days.

When Derek returned to the cabin, Pippa was holding Judith in her arms while she
sobbed out the story. At the end, Pippa kissed her and said, "Judie you seem to
be under a misconception that being fucked by a man will not be enjoyable. I can
say for sure, it is great. I enjoy being fucked as hard as possible and with
more than one man. The first time might hurt a little but you soon get over it.
Millions of women all over the world can't be wrong now can they?" Judith still
insisted she didn't want to do it.

Derek stood up. His patience was wearing thin. "Judie, before you leave this
boat on Monday, you will have been well and truly fucked many times. We've
played enough games with you. There is no where you can go and you can scream as
loud as you like and no one will hear." He stripped off his shirt, lowered his
shorts and pants and stood in front of her. His cock jutted out in a near fully
erect state. Pippa pulled Derek's cock towards them. She opened her mouth and
took it in. She sucked and massaged it for a minute or two until it was fully
hard and then offered it to Judith.

"No! Please don't make me do that. Its awful."

"Do it! Don't make him angry," Pippa whispered in her ear.

"No I won't do it!" Judith resolutely shut her mouth.

"I'll get the cane. We'll see if a few stripes across your arse helps your
co-operation." Derek went to a forward cabin and came back with a polished
rattan cane. "You are not the first girl whose arse I striped with this, is she
Pippa?"

"No, and from personal experience I can say it hurts like hell."

Judith would have probably taken his cock in her mouth after seeing the cane but
it wasn't offered to her. Instead Derek leaned over her head and wrapped his
arms around her body from the back, effectively pinning her arms. "Take her
shorts and knickers off Pippa." Pippa did so and removed her sandals at the same
time. Pippa groaned when she saw the reddened pad inside the knickers.

"She's been thrashed before and is on her period" she told her partner.

"That won't make much difference. Hold her around the legs while I remove her
blouse and bra." I no time Judith was absolutely naked "Now Judie, listen and
listen carefully. You are on a ship and I am the captain. As captain I have
complete authority on this boat and you must do exactly what you are told to do.
Doesn't matter if you like it or not. Understand?" Judith didn't answer. She
knew he was greatly exaggerating the truth.

Still holding Judith around the waist, he ordered Pippa to drop the flaps of the
table and to fetch some cords from the portside cockpit locker. When she had
done that, he dragged Judith to the table and laid her lengthwise along the
central flat. Like most tables on small boats it was fastened to the floor and
had an upright at each end. The table top was in three parts; a central piece a
little under a foot wide and two hinged flaps which can be lowered to give more
floor space when it was needed. The whole of the table top assembly was pivoted
on the end pieces with a lead box underneath so the table would remain
reasonably level when the boat rocked.

Although Judith struggled it was a hopeless task against the strength of the man
and woman. With Pippa pressing her down on the central bar, Derek quickly and
efficiently had her arms fastened to one of the uprights and her legs to the
other. Her arse just overhung one end of the top. It was then in the better
light from the evening sun streaming through the skylight, they noticed the
bruises still on her buttocks.

"Looks as if she is into punishment already." Derek observed.

"Her parents did it. She said it was forty whacks with an army belt. She was
drinking shandy." Pippa related part of the story she had wormed out of Judith
while Derek was on deck.

Derek stood in front of Judith face, his cock still erect and jutting forward.
She thought he was going to ask her again. "Judie, I offered you a nice clean
cock to suck. Even after Pippa had taken it in her mouth you refused. Now I am
going to give you six strokes of the cane, then I will ram this cock right up
you tight little cunt and fuck the hell out of you. When I've finished it will
be all messy from your period mess mixed with your virginal blood and my spunk.
I will then ask you to suck it clean. If you again refuse, it will be another
six with the cane and so on until you do. You are going to suck my cock. How
painful it will be is up to you. Could be only six or it might be two dozen or
more. I shan't go lightly with you. I like my sex hard and I like to force my
girls to do my wishes. Don't I Pippa?"

Derek looked and felt Judith's rear. "There's a little mess trickling out of her
cunt now but there will be more later. I'm sure you will enjoy cleaning her out
Pippa dear." With that he picked up the cane, swung it in as large and arc as
the cabin permitted and brought it hissing down on Judith's bottom. She
screamed. She cried. She pleaded. Derek just laughed. I said you were to get six
and six you will get.

Another hiss, then a crack! As the second stroke found its target. It was just
as well they were miles from any others. Judith's screams would have awoken a
neighbourhood. Strokes three and four followed. He wasn't expert with the cane
and two strokes crossed leaving and extra livid mark at the junction. Judith
almost passed out with the sixth. It made the belt punishment seem puny. She
knew, whatever state it was in, she would have to suck the cock clean. Six more
like that would kill her.

"Do you want me to lubricate your cock?" asked Pippa.

"No. It doesn't matter if she is dry and it hurts. Perhaps she will be more
willing to play with us next time and get some moisture going. Just hold her
arse cheeks open so I can see the target amongst the hair.

Judith gave another loud cry as Pippa gripped the sore flesh and pulled the
buttocks apart. Derek aimed his cock and thrust forward. He felt it stop part
way in. She really is a virgin he thought. Not for long. Pulling back a little
he thrust forward again tearing his way fully in. Again Judith cried out from
the pain as his cock forced it way to the bottom of her unused cunt and his
pubic hair rammed against the stripes of her arse. She felt his cock stretch her
tight hole but now Derek kept up a steady in and out rhythm and despite the
extreme pain, Judith began to feel just a little hint of pleasure. The pleasure
she should have had, had he taken her gently.

Pippa came and stood by the girl's head. She bent down and kissed her on the
lips and then felt under her body to squeeze and fondle her tits. She watched
Derek's ramrod slide in and out. He was well built in that area and could
fulfill most women's needs. She wished it was her that was being fucked. Her own
cunt was wet with desire but maybe he would fuck her later or she could get
little Judie to suck her off. She needed release but Derek had a new toy and he
would be making the most of it for the time being. She would only get left
overs.

Derek was enjoying the sensation and wanted it to last. He tried to hold back
but the combination of unused vagina and the motions of the girl struggling
beneath him were too much. He came inside her. Even then with her grip on his
softening cock he was able to continue for a short while. Soon though the
inevitable happened. His cock drooped free. "Clean up time," he said as he moved
towards her face.

Pippa gave her a whispered warning to suck it as she stood up to get out of
Derek's way. Judith opened her eyes as best she could with the tears that were
still flowing and saw the flaccid cock close to her lips. It was messy but not
as bad as she had imagined. Cum was still oozing from the head and it was
streaked with red and slime. She closed her eyes. Her mind told her she must do
it or take another thrashing. She opened her mouth and felt his prick enter and
closed her mouth. Only the head was inside. "Take it right in and use your
tongue to clean it," Derek ordered. Tentatively she did as she was told. It was
an odd taste but not too unpleasant.

"You'd better clean the other end, Pippa." Pippa had expected that and knelt by
Judith's arse. She was sorry for the girl but the mess dribbling from her cunt
was more than she normally had to deal with. Most times it was only one or more
men's spunk oozing from the slit. Today there was virgin and period blood.
Carefully she placed her lips against the slit and started to lick. As the area
became cleaner she worked with more enthusiasm. Judith had become used to Hilary
working her mouth over her clit area and began to respond to Pippa's
ministrations. It was certainly more pleasurable that having that fat cock
rammed in there. Pippa relentlessly sucked her clit until she came and a moan
escaped from between her lips and the slightly hardening cock that still filled
her mouth. "She seemed to like that," Pippa exclaimed.

Eventually they untied her. Judith rubbed her very tender arse. Pippa told Derek
she would take Judie to the bathroom and put some salve on and clean her up a
bit, "Otherwise she'll be moaning all night." Derek allowed her to do this.

They returned to the lounge to find Derek sitting and gently massaging his cock.
"It's my turn for that," Pippa said. In front of Judith, she knelt down at
Derek's nod of approval and started to suck the end of his cock while at the
same time she worked on the shaft with her right hand. Derek ordered Judith to
watch and learn. It took some minutes but before long Derek's cock was hard. He
took Pippa on to the bunk and they coupled. Pippa opened her legs wide to allow
the cock to enter to its full extent and it wasn't long before she was moaning
in pleasure. Judith was fascinated by Pippa's movements. At the way she thrust
her hips to meet Derek's on coming cock. At the way she rotated her body.
Obviously she was getting great pleasure from the fucking. It certainly didn't
hurt her. Pippa appeared to be in the throws of utter ecstasy. She moaned and
encouraged Derek to thrust harder. Soon it was all over. The collapsed together,
their bodies bathed with sweat.

They lay side by side recovering their breath for a short while, until Derek
spoke to Judith. "Come on up, you should know what to do by now. Clean us up."
Judith, not wanting to offend Derek again, leaned over and started to touch his
cock but Derek hoisted her right up on top of him, her head at his cock, her
legs parted around his face. Pippa pushed her head alongside Derek's so they
were both between Judith's thighs. Derek fingered the still very tender marks on
Judith's arse, reminding her of her recent caning and that she had better start
work on cleaning his cock. She again took it into her mouth and began cleaning
it with her tongue. It wasn't as messy as when he had fucked her.

Pippa parted the girl's cuntal lips with her fingers and started to nip her
clitoris. Despite the pain Judith began to respond and moisture flowed from her
cunt. Derek's cock remained soft this time when he told her to stop. Pippa then
asked to be cleaned out. Spunk dribbled from her vagina as Judith lowered her
head and started to lick. She had enjoyed doing this with Hilary but there had
never been this gooey man substance inside.

Later they had a quick shower together; water was a precious commodity on a
small boat, and then went to the toilet before bed. It was here Derek decided to
humiliate further. He held the door open as Judith gently sat down, "Open your
legs wide, Pippa and I want to see and hear you pissing." Pippa pushed Judith's
legs wide apart and pulled her as far forward and the seat would allow. Judith
blushed furiously and couldn't start to pee. "Piss," commanded Derek.

"I can't with you watching."

Pippa put her hand between the girl's legs and started to tickle until Judith
just had to let go. Unexpectedly Pippa didn't remove her hand. Instead she
cupped it under the flow and allowed the liquid to flow over it and splash back
up into Judith's pubic hair. When to piss flow stopped Pippa took the remaining
yellow fluid in her cupped hand and massaged it into the front of Judith's
belly. "Let that dry. Its your perfume. Doesn't it smell nice? Sexy smell."
Judith couldn't agree. It smelled acrid and horrible.

Derek stood and placed his cock near her lips. "Open up."

Judith rightly guessed his intention. "No! You can't make me do that!"

"Oh, but I can." Derek nodded to Pippa and she understanding what he wanted,
went to the saloon area and returned with the cane and the cord.

"No, please, I can't take another caning. Please have mercy." But there was no
hint of mercy in Derek's eyes. He loved having girls completely in his power.
Quickly he fastened Judith's wrists together and tied them to a pipe above her
head. Judith didn't understand why she was being fastened like this. He wouldn't
be able to cane her backside in that position. Derek flicked her nipples up and
down a few times with the end of the rattan and Judith knew what he intended to
do. She screamed, "NO!" and in the confined area it sounded like a dozen screams
rolled into one. She tried to stand but Derek placed his foot in her groin
causing her to fall back sharply on the seat and reminding her of her previous
brush with the cane.

"Judy, I warned you before to do what you were told. I don't give second
chances." With those few words her brought the cane sharply down and then up
again on her right breast, She had hardly time to scream before he repeated the
caning on the left. Judith screamed as the fire and pain from the tender tit
flesh reached her brain but Derek didn't give her any time to get her breath
before her held his cock once again to her mouth. She opened it more to cry out
than submit but it made no difference. In it went and shortly after the pee
began to flow. Derek clasped her behind the head to prevent her pulling away and
it didn't seem to bother him that she wasn't swallowing much, just spluttering
and choking. The liquid spilled from her mouth and some splashed on the stripes
that had appeared on her breasts causing them to burn even more. When the flow
stopped, he shook his cock and left the room.

Pippa released her and gently wiped her clean and they both went to the bedroom.
Derek was already on the  bunk. "One each side," was all he said. Pippa put
Judith on the far side of Derek so she was pinned between him and the side of
the boat. Judith lay awake for a long time. She could hear Derek lightly snoring
alongside her and assumed Pippa to be asleep as well. However, she couldn't get
comfortable. If she lay on her back, it hurt her arse, if she lay face down her
tits hurt more and on her side, her arse was against Derek and her breasts
against the boat. No where could she find comfort. She wondered why fate had
made her go on the boat. Was it God's punishment for her lesbianism? Her
drinking?

Late in the night she drifted into a light and disturbed sleep only to be woken
very early by Derek pulling her on to her back and opening her legs. By now she
knew what he wanted and that she had to comply. This morning he took a little
time to play with her and get some moisture flowing before entering his prick.
It went in much easier and although she was still sore and felt his cock was
over stretching her vagina, it wasn't too unpleasant and as the fuck progressed
she began to work more with him as she had seen Pippa do. Pippa was awake by now
and encouraged her to hump forward to meet Derek's oncoming strokes. Before long
he came within her and a little later offered his cock to Pippa to clean. There
was less blood and mess this time and she noticed that Pippa didn't hesitate to
perform this service.

They all lay quiet for a bit after that. Judith wondered what other horrors the
weekend would bring and if indeed she would ever get back. Had she known Pippa
had much the same thoughts as to what might happen this weekend. She'd been
through it before and knew some of the things that might be done especially when
the 'Alycion' turned up and the real sex party got going.




Chapter 7. The party

Judith awoke as Derek climbed out of the bunk to sit himself on the loo. It was
her second night spent on the boat. Yesterday hadn't been too bad. She had
heeded Pippa's advice and not made him angry. He'd fucked her hard twice and
Pippa once. Pippa had said he was saving himself a little for the orgy party
that would go on for most of the night. Pippa again whispered for her to be
careful. While he wouldn't want to mark her any more before the party, he
certainly would if she tried to cross him. Judith tried to find out what would
happen at the party but Pippa refused to answer. "Best if you don't know in
advance," was all she would say.

On his return from the loo, Derek made her suck him hard and then continued to
fuck her mouth until he came. She swallowed the sperm when it erupted to the
back of her throat. It was less unpleasant than sucking him clean after he had
fucked one of them but she was still repulsed by the idea she was being forced
to do it.

Later, they moved the boat to a secluded spot and were able to swim naked in the
creek. It was the first time Judith had ever swam in muddy salt water. How
different to the chlorinated water of the indoor pool in Doncaster. Then she had
never been skinny-dipping either. So many new experiences for her.

Afterwards, when they had dried off, Pippa was laid along the table in the same
way as Judith had been on that first night except she wasn't tied. Derek took
some Vaseline and generously spread it around and in her bottom hole. He ordered
Judith to hold open the bum cheeks and then began to insert his hard cock. Pippa
groaned a few times as the cock entered her arsehole but once the head was in,
the rest followed relatively easily. "Take a good look, Judy," Derek suggested,
"I've no doubt yours will be well reamed out before the night is over. And one
of the men likes to do it dry so you will have to relax your muscles well
otherwise it will be extremely painful. If he gets you to suck him first, make
sure you leave plenty of spit on his cock to help it go in."

Derek continued to fuck Pippa's arse with hard strokes until he came deep in her
bowels. Afterwards he had Judith tongue clean his cock and Pippa's hole. It
disgusted Judith but decided if she didn't the cane would make her anyway.

They moved the boat back nearer The Naze and found the Alycion had already
arrived so they tied up alongside her. They were about a mile from the causeway
that lead to the village itself. Only nice clean white fenders separated the two
boats so it was easy to step from one to the other. The Alycion was twice the
size of the Mongoose and was one of the largest boats in the creek. In the
cockpit stood the Countess. A tall dark haired woman with cruel eyes. Just her
looks made Judith shiver. "So these are the two you have brought for our
pleasure Derek. Pippa I know from previous weekends, perhaps you better
introduce the other wench. You said she was a virgin until the other night? And
at her age too. She should have been well fucked years ago."

Derek introduced Judith who was embarrassed and blushing. She stood still while
the Countess and her four male companions looked at her. The only item of
clothing she and Pippa were allowed to wear were Derek's white shirts and the
top two buttons were left undone. "Get below so we can have a proper look at
you," the Countess barked.

Alycion's saloon was far more spacious and luxurious than the Mongoose's but it
wasn't the decor that caught Judith's attention. Standing in a corner with her
hands behind her neck was a young naked girl. But it wasn't the nakedness that
stopped Judith in her tracks and cause her to cry out in horror. The girl was
striped many times from her neck to her knees.

"That's Baba," remarked the Countess in an off hand way, "She decided she didn't
want to come this weekend so we had to persuade her to change her mind. Turn
round Baba and welcome our guests." Judith was even more horrified to find Baba
was equally striped down her front. Baba dutifully came forward and hugged and
kissed Derek and then each girl fully on the mouth and slipped her tongue inside
each mouth. She then went back to Derek and knelt down and removed his shorts,
the only garment he was wearing, then kissed his prick and balls. Moving to
Judith she tried to kiss her cunt but Judith kept her legs well closed until she
felt a searing pain across her back. Startled she saw the Countess now had a
long riding crop in her hand.

"You haven't trained her yet, Derek?"

"Only a few stripes. I didn't want to mark her too much before the evening's
entertainment."

"Remove your shirts," ordered the Countess. "I see. Just a couple of tickles
across her tits and a few on her arse. We'll remedy that if she doesn't do as
she is told."  She felt the end of the crop lightly touch the inside of her
thighs and she opened her legs wide. Baba kissed and tongued her cunt then went
to Pippa and gave her the same treatment.

"Now you have seen how we welcome guests, you will greet me and my friends. You
first Judy." Judith had to stretch to reach the much taller Countess but she did
her best. Unfortunately that wasn't good enough for the dominating woman. "Well
that wasn't much of a welcome," she grumbled, "Put out your hand." Judith was at
first baffled by the instruction but Baba took her arm and held it outstretched
and palm upwards. Fear went through Judith She wanted to take her hand away but
was correct in believing the punishment would be worse. "If you move your hand,
you'll get four!" The riding crop hissed on its deadly journey. Judith screamed
as it struck and quickly tucked her hand under her armpit.

"Now the other one," the Countess made the request just as if she was asking for
another cup of tea. Tentatively Judith put the other hand out. "Right out dear."
Again the crop hissed down followed by the shriek of pain from Judith's lips.
"Now dear, let see if you are any better at kissing my nipples."

Opening her blouse the Countess exposed to large, full breasts with dark brown
aureoles. Judith had experience at kissing Hilary's breasts but the tears in her
eyes made the job more difficult. When Judith thought she had done enough, the
Countess just said, "That was passable I suppose. You should improve with more
training. Now my cunt."

Judith lifted the Countesses short dress and placed her mouth again the bare
slit. She began to tongue and lick the opening like she had been taught. She
heard the Countess address Derek. "Has she learned to drink yet?"

"Not really. That's how she got the marks on her tits." Judith was terrified by
the reply. She knew now exactly what the Countess was referring to by "Has she
learned to drink?"

Pulling Judith's head tight against her vaginal opening she said, "So you are
not toilet trained yet. Well I will just give you a few sips for now and you
better not spill any otherwise I will make those lovely tits of yours bounce
much more than Derek has. Open your mouth nice and wide dear." She did and
almost immediately a spurt of piss filled her mouth. She swallowed just in time
to receive a second spurt and then a third. It tasted foul but she knew if she
didn't swallow, the punishment would be severe. The Countess pulled her up by
her hair. "That wasn't difficult was it? Go and welcome the men now." Turning to
Pippa, the Countess spoke, "Come Pippa, your turn now."

Judith turned to the man nearest her. He held her tightly to his bare chest and
kissed her deeply and then let her go. She knelt, undid his shorts and took his
erect cock in her mouth. It was shorter but fatter than Derek's. She sucked it
for a while and then, as she had seen Baba do, started to suckle his balls. Soon
the man pushed her away. He didn't want to come just yet. She went to the next
and performed her duties. As she sucked the third man she noticed Pippa's head
was between the Countesses thighs and urine was dribbling down her chin.

"You at least should have performed better than that," the Countess snapped. "I
should be able to let go with a full bladder and there should be no spills at
all. Now look at you. It's dribbling down your chin and chest and soiling my
carpet. Pippa was pulled to her feet and taken to a base of the mast that ran
through the deck near one end of the saloon. "Handcuffs, Baba." Quickly Pippa's
wrists were fastened behind the mast so her back was tight against the wood.
"Gag her, Baba. Sounds like a boat is passing and we don't want them to hear her
scream."

By now Judith had finished welcoming all four men and turned to see what was
going to happen to Pippa. "Obviously Derek has saved any punishments for me to
dish out. Your flesh is unmarked. We'll soon alter that." Pippa tried to protest
but even without the gag she knew it would been to no avail.

Ordering Judith to watch closely, she said, "This is how Derek should have
warmed your tits. Not just two little swipes on each. Look and remember, you may
get the same treatment before you get home. Little love slaves like you need to
have nice and tender flesh at all times so you are fully responsive to our
needs." With those words she stood to one side of Pippa and slashed the crop
down hard across the tops of both breasts and then up again to catch the
undersides. "See how nicely they bounce Judy?" She continued to slash the poor
girls breasts until both sides were covered with weals and Pippa looked as if
she might faint.

"Go and feel them Judy. Squeeze them, Suck them. Are they nice and tender now?
Wouldn't you like yours tender like that? Judith didn't dare to reply. One of
the men stepped forward and put his arms around Pippa and the post and pulled
her painfully to his chest. Unable to cry out, Pippa could only shake her head
in agony.

"Open your legs Bitch." Pippa tried but seemed unable to move her feet. He
stepped back. "Doesn't seem as if her cunt is warm enough for me yet," he said
to the Countess. Baba and Judith were ordered to pull the girls legs wide apart
and hold them forward while she laid on six upward strokes right on the
captive's sex mound. At the sixth stroke Pippa's head slumped and she passed
out. Cold water revived her and the man then placed his cock at her entrance and
began fucking her as hard as he could. Her swollen cuntal lips painfully gripped
his fat weapon. He felt the heat from the flesh that was on fire and this
spurred his on. Pounding away, it was not long before he came. Baba cleaned him
when he withdrew. Judith had to do Pippa.

Two of the other men looked at Judith. "Think it's time we tried Derek's new
find? You say she's only had your cock and then only a few times Derek? How
about we all give her a good gang bang so she knows what it's like to be really
well fucked?" Suiting actions to his words he lay her face up on a low table had
the others pull Judith's legs back level with her ears. Her cunt openly
displayed and ready for the deepest penetration.

"Just one moment," the Countess interrupted the proceedings, "She too needs a
little preparation."

"No!" Yelled Judith.

With a voice of steel the Countess replied, "You never say no to me girl! Baba,
sit on her face. Cover her mouth with your cunt and stop her yelling." Baba did
so and wrapped her legs tightly around Judith's head. Moving one leg a little so
Judith could hear the Countess spoke quietly. "As a slave you must learn to
accept what is going to happen. You would only had half a dozen, now I will give
you as many as I like." She replaced Baba's leg with the instruction to hold her
tight.

Six strokes of the crop were laid cross-wise over the both bum cheeks and as the
legs were well pulled back the strokes also caught the unprotected sex centres.
Judith tried to yell and scream but all that got past Baba's thighs were muffled
moans. Baba was then ordered to lean right forward and the Countess took up a
position over her. "This should make her very tender for you," she said to the
men. Bringing the crop smartly down, she left a stripe centrally down Judith's
lower belly and the end curled and cut its way directly into her slit. The next
strokes were alternately angled right and left so the pattern of stripes made a
red Vee directly to the cunt. Each time the flexible end curled and either bit
into the opening or left weals on the inside of her thighs. Several times Baba
had to stifle a cry as Judith, unable to control herself bit into the smothering
pubic mound.

"I think she's ready now boys. Go to it." Each took their turn and fucking and
holding. It was forty minutes before they all, including Derek, finished with
her. Baba got a sponge and wiped her face and as gently as she could, tongue
cleaned the vaginal area. Judith though, was almost oblivious to this. Pippa,
although now released from the mast, was not in a much better state. She half
lay on a couch and moaned. The Countess filled glasses with Vodka and she and
the men began drinking. They gave a glass to each of the girls but Judith wasn't
awake enough to touch hers. Mistakenly they thought a few strokes of the crop
across her tits might bring about a revival but it had the reverse effect. Pippa
and Baba however, seem to revive a little as the alcohol dulled some of the
pain.

The drinking continued for a couple of hours during which time, it was Baba's
turn to get fucked but her's were more normal, just to relieve the men of their
erections.

A little before 8 p.m. they decided it was time to go to the pub on The Naze and
get a meal. Pippa and Baba had revived enough to walk albeit with a stagger but
that could be put down to their drinking if anyone asked. Both agreed to behave
themselves. Everyone dressed sensibly so as not to cause undue interest when
they were on shore. Judith could only crawl as far as the toilet. She was then
very sick. "We'll just have to tie her up and leave her until we come back,"
Derek said. This they did and left with a parting, "Don't go away!" as they
locked the door.




Chapter 8. Blown up

John arrived back in Cambridge late on Thursday evening. It had been a long
drive and there were roads works on the A1 which had added an hour to the
journey. Hilary had left a message on his answerphone but he decided it was too
late to return the call. Soon after eight the next morning he did phone her. She
told him of Judith's leaving and spoke of her concerns and what the Janice, the
marina secretary had told her. He decided to pop over and see Hilary.

Yolande let him in. Both she and Hilary were very concerned for Judith's welfare
and were blaming themselves for her leaving. Yolande for being so mean to her
without ever finding out the trouble she had been in and Hilary for letting her
go without doing anything to persuade her to stay.

"Well," said John, "I think the first thing to do is to go to the marina and see
if the Mongoose is still there and it might help if you came along too Hilary,."
Yolande agreed to do the days deliveries which were fairly local but that left
Hilary without a car. They went in John's.

The Mongoose was not in her berth so they went to see Janice the secretary. "Oh,
they left yesterday and haven't been back. Yes, there was another girl with them
looking a little like you, Hilary."

"Any idea where they will have gone? When they will be back?"

"In a boat like that they could go a long way but usually I think they just
explore the coast but as I told you on Wednesday, there are nasty rumours of
what goes on while they are away."

Hilary asked about the girl that had been on the boat. "Charlotte? I've hardly
seen her since. She lives down at Shotley. I've the address on file here
somewhere if you want."

She found the address and John made the tortuous journey along the minor roads
to the end of the Shotley peninsular where they could look across the mouth of
the Orwell to Felixstowe and across the river Stour to Harwich. They found the
address. Their knock was answered by an elderly woman, Charlotte's mother.
"Charlotte's moved in with her boy friend after that weekend away. Don't know if
she will talk about it though. She wouldn't talk to me. Bob, the boyfriend won't
let her go again."

She directed them to where Bob and Charlotte were living. Bob was a fisherman
and they found him mending a net in the garden. When they explained their
mission, he became angry, not with them but the owner of the Mongoose and the
Alycion. He explained that from the little Charlotte had told him, the Mongoose
met up with the bigger boat somewhere in the Walton Backwater for their sex
games. Hilary asked if they could talk to Charlotte. Bob took them inside and
explained the situation. Charlotte simply said she wanted to forget the whole
thing.

Hilary turned on her charm and pleaded with her. "Charlotte dear, you obviously
had a very bad time. Our girl friend is only sixteen years old and quite
innocent. She's had a very traumatic time at home and now we believe she has
been abducted on that boat. We want to find her and see if we can save her from
more trouble. Please help us. Tell us where they will be and how we can help to
rescue her. Please. Don't let what happened to you, happen to her."

Charlotte was silent for what seemed like ages. John was just about to plead
with her when she said. "If my weekend was anything to go by, and it seemed as
if it was a fairly regular thing, they will be anchored in the Walton Backwater
not far from The Naze. Friday night is the start of the things but they seem to
take a launch to The Naze and spent a few hours in the pub and then return and
spend the rest of the night in an orgy. It's disgusting what they make you do
and if you don't do it, they whip or cane you. They take pictures and threaten
to publish them if you say anything. They are wealthy and powerful people and
the woman who seems to be the boss lady, is very cruel. They call her the
Countess. Sounds foreign. Russian perhaps."

"Where is this Walton Backwater and how do we get there?" John asked.

Bob pointed across the water. "It's a area of quiet creeks and mud flats
covering a couple of miles square the other side of Harwich. There is a spit of
land that protects it from the sea so the water is usually calm and it is an
area liked by many small boaters. There are places were many boats gather but
other places where it is quiet. How do you get there? You can get to The Naze by
car but it is a long way round. You have to go all the way inland until you can
cross the Stour at Manningtree and then come all the way back towards Harwich
and Walton. Even so you will only be able to get to one end of the backwaters
where the village is. The rest is only accessible by boat. By boat it is only a
few miles around the corner there." Bob pointed.

"If we drive to The Naze ......" John began. There was desperation in his voice.
Bob butted in, "Let me talk with Charley and then we'll see how we can help."

The pair went into the kitchen and Hilary and John could her them having an
earnest conversation. Then there was a clattering of mugs. More conversation.
The pouring of water. Ten minutes later they came back with mugs of tea.

Bob said, "Charley and I have agreed to try and help you. I am a fisherman and
have a boat, the Rose Marie. It's not a posh motor cruiser or as fast as the
Mongoose or Alycion but we'll be able to get there quicker than you will by car
and we won't look suspicious if we do a bit on angling. We don't think much will
happen until later on and it may be the Alycion won't arrive until teatime.
We'll have some tea now and then go to the shops for sandwich stuff because we
could be there until late. Then we will cruise around and see if we can locate
either of the boats and come up with a plan of action." Bob impressed the others
with his practicality.



********

Had the circumstances been different, it would have been a very pleasant way to
spend and afternoon. The sun shone down on near calm water and there were pretty
sailing boats gliding along with the colourful spinnakers billowing in the
breeze. But for Bob and his crew, weren't there for pleasure. Charley
particularly knew what horrors, Judith might be going through. As they quietly
motored along the Walton Backwater she shuddered when she saw the Alycion. They
had just anchored and the Countess stood in the cockpit. "I better keep out of
sight of the bitch," she murmured. Cruising past they noted four middle aged men
beside the Countess. Bob slowly turned the fishing boat as if looking for a
place to anchor and glided by fairly close to the Alycion but they couldn't see
any others on board. Bob anchored a couple of hundred yards away and found a
couple of fishing rods and spinners.

"We don't usually use spinners in the creek but you and Hilary look like a
couple of townies so you will probably only raise a few smiles." Bob spoke to
his 'crew'. The three of them got into the dinghy and Bob showed them how to use
the rods while he very slowly rowed. Soon after passing the Alycion the Mongoose
came and moored alongside her and two girls and a man transferred from her to
the larger vessel. Hillary was certain one was Judith but they were a 100 yards
away so couldn't see clearly. Bob rowed back, still keeping well away from the
two boats. Back on board his fishing boat they discussed what to do.

Charley said the time she was taken, they didn't do much to her except have
forced sex until after they had been for a meal in the pub. Little did they
realise what was happening this time. Bob said, "We can't just keep rowing by
and staring otherwise they might get suspicious and Judy might recognise one of
you and give us away. We can't storm the vessel. There are too many of them and
they might try and use the girl as a hostage. All we can do for now is watch and
wait. There's an outfall, a narrow channel that allows water from the land to
drain through the seawall to the sea, which goes right up to the land a little
way back. We can take the dinghy up there and walk unseen on the other side. If
we take the binoculars we can peer over the top and keep and eye on them. If
there are any other passers by, we can pretend to be bird watching."

Leaving Hilary with Charley on the boat they put their plan into action. For
several hours there didn't seem to be any activity on the Alycion except that
one man came into the cockpit for a cigarette on several occasions. Curtains
blocked the view of the interior. All seemed calm and peaceful and they could
only guess at what might be happening below. About 6 o'clock, Bob rowed back to
the boat leaving John to keep watch. Twenty minutes later he returned with
sandwiches and a flask of tea. It all seemed very calm and idealistic. Evening
sun sparkled on the water, a gentle breeze kept the temperature to a comfortable
level, sea birds wheeled overhead and sailing boats glided gracefully by. A
complete contrast to the ordeals being undergone by the girls in the boat.

Bob and John looked at their watches for the umpteenth time. 7.45. "We'll give
them another half hour and then we'll have to think the plan out again," John
remarked, "Perhaps they are eating on board." Shortly afterwards they realised
there would be no need for a change of plan. When they saw movements and a motor
launch leave the Alycion with the five men and three women on board, none of
whom was Judith, Bob rowed quickly back to the Rose Marie. He started the engine
and operated the power winch that raised the anchor. Slowly he steered the boat
close to the Alycion and then left Charley in charge with Hilary to keep her
company. He went to a locker an took out a crowbar. "You may not need that,"
Charley whispered, "Last time they just put the keys on a hook under a bar to
the right of the door." Her hands explained more clearly than her words the
location of the keys.

"Keep the boat about this far astern on the Alycion," Bob instructed, "And try
and be as quiet as possible. We don't want to raise suspicions from any of
others who might be looking." There seemed to be no one about however. The
Countess had chosen a quiet spot to anchor. Most boats were moored nearer the
little village. He took John in the dinghy and they boarded the Alycion. Just as
Charley had said, the keys were on a hook. Quickly they went inside. The saloon
was empty. Moving forward and opening a door to a bedroom they were both taken
aback and shocked by the sight of Judith lying tied, gagged and naked on a bunk
obviously having been severely whipped. John untied her. "John!" Judith croaked,
"How did you.....?"

"Hush Jude, don't talk. We've got to get you away from those bastards." He
wrapped Judith in a blanket and kissed her cheek then carried her to the
cockpit. She put her arms around his neck and held tight.

"Come on Bob, let's get out of here." John quietly called as Bob held back in
the galley area.

"Won't be a minute," Bob called back. John couldn't understand why he was
fiddling with the stove. Minutes later he came into the cockpit and locked the
doors. Arm signals to Charley brought the Rose Marie alongside and John was able
to carry Judith without difficulty from one vessel to the other and take her
below. The sight really horrified Hilary when they unwrapped the blanket.
Repeatedly she blamed herself for letting the girl go off like that but in her
cracked voice, Judith assured her it wasn't her fault. Hilary tried to send John
away while she and Charley tended her wounds but Judith refused to let go of his
hand. Eventually she did lay down and closed her eyes.

*****

Renee Phillips enjoyed walking her dog along the seawall during these summer
evenings. It was gone 10.30 but there was still just enough light to see her way
back along the path. The air was quiet and calm. No one else was within her
range of vision. Only her golden labrador bounding and snuffling his way ahead
of her. Lovely, she thought.

Suddenly the peace of the evening was shattered by a loud explosion and a
fireball erupting from one if the boats in the creek. The blast bowled her over
and caused the dog to howl and shake with fright. Renee lay where she fell for a
few moments as she watched the boat blow itself to pieces. As wreckage fell
burning in the water, she noticed the boat alongside it was on fire too and
burning fiercely. Soon the fire reached its fuel tank and there was another
tremendous explosion followed by a fireball. Almost as soon as it started there
was little left but a few pieces of burning wood drifting along on the tide.

"My God," she said to herself, "I hope no one was aboard those boats. Pulling
out her mobile phone she dialed 999 and the lifeboat, coastguards and police
were alerted. Within half an hour they were on the scene. All were agreed that
it was most probably a gas explosion.



Derek and the others finished their drinks after what was to them a convivial
evening. The food was good and the men bought frequent rounds of drinks. Pippa
and Baba had been limited in what they could have. The men didn't want them
drunk and out of it when it came to the sport part of the evening's
entertainment. With the noise in the room, the explosion a mile away didn't make
any real impact. As they made their way a little unsteadily to the launch, they
noticed there was an unusual number of people about at that time of night and
they all seemed to be staring in one direction. The Countess and her friends
ignored it and set off to find the Alycion. To their horror a lifeboat and
police launch were at the scene and they were taken on board and questioned. The
Countess said that no one else was aboard and everyone agreed with her
statement.

However, Baba fainted when she was asked and when the policeman picked her up
she winced and slid back to the floor. The movement caused her Tee shirt to rise
up her back and reveal the extensive whip marks. Baba refused to indicate the
culprit. Pippa was asked if she was whipped and brazenly showed her breasts.
"She did it," she said, indicating the Countess. The police took them all in for
questioning.



*******

Bob ran the boat without navigation lights until they came to the main shipping
lanes where it would have been dangerous and caused attention not to. By then
they would be well away from the backwater and the chance of anyone seeing them.
John went to the wheelhouse as Bob was steering the boat to the quay. "What were
you doing in the kitchen on that boat?" he enquired.

"Galley," Bob corrected him, "Destroying evidence. We should see the result in
about five minutes even from here." And indeed they did. The noise of the
explosion came clearly across the water and they saw the light from the flames
reflected in the sky. The Alycion at least should be gone now. Maybe it will
have taken the other one too. Charley reckons they kept the blackmail material
hidden in a secret compartment on the Alycion so that will be gone as well.
Perhaps that will end of it all.

"But what caused the explosion?"

Bob tapped his nose to indicate it was a secret. Only he would know he had
turned on a gas burner without lighting it and then set the automatic oven turn
itself on at 10.35.

Charley insisted they stay the night. It was now late and she thought Judith
shouldn't be moved any more until she had recovered somewhat.  In any case
Judith had no clothes, no shoes, no possessions. Nothing. The few items she had
in her rucsac had all gone with the Mongoose. They laid her on the bed in the
spare bedroom and unwrapped the blanket from around her. Hilary wanted to send
John from room while they cleaned and applied salve to the whip marks especially
as the worst were mainly positioned around her sex but Judith saw him as her
saviour and held tightly to his hand and in her cracked voice pleaded with him
to stay. John lifted he head with his left arm around her neck and fed her
orange juice as often as she could take it. Gradually she began to talk a little
better but was too exhausted to hold a conversation. Unashamedly, John watched
as Charley and Hilary bathed the girl's wounds. The sight of those fiery weals
across such a beautiful body appalled him. He would have loved to have stroked
the unmarked flesh but knew the two temporary nurses would not allow it.

When they finished and just covered her with a sheet, he tried to leave and let
her sleep but she still wouldn't let go. It was only after she had dozed off he
was able to free his hand and creep to the bathroom. He made a phone call to
Sheila to inform her what had happened before returning to Judith's bedside and
dozed in the chair alongside her.




Chapter 9

The police questioned all eight at some length. Both Baba and Pippa had to
undergo and examination by the police surgeon before they were declared able to
answer any questions. The surgeon had their injuries photographed and he treated
the worst of their weals.

Pippa decided this was the one way she could end her enforced relationship with
Derek and in turn with the Countess and went through all the details of what had
occurred on the trip. How Judith (she never knew her surname) came to them at
the marina. How Derek had made her persuade the young girl to stay and how they
had debased her. She insisted they had left Judith on the Alcyion and that she
had been whipped and was so sick she couldn't go to the pub so she had been tied
up when they left. At first light the police sent divers to the scene but they
found nothing. They didn't expect much to survive the force of such an
explosion. Bottled gas they knew, was heavier than air and if there was a leak,
the gas settled in the bottom of the boat. When and spark ignited it, the whole
lot would go up like a bomb. The fire would be compounded by the heat exploding
the fuel tanks.

After her initial fear of talking, Baba gave the police full details of how she
had been tricked into coming on the boat two months ago and then blackmailed
into returning. How she had tried to hide from them this time but they had found
her and the Countess had tied her to the mast and beaten her back and front.
Under questioning she confirmed Pippa's story concerning Judith.

Questioned separately, the men, all wealthy from business, denied their were any
forced activities and said the girls were willing. One however, eventually
admitted he had paid the Countess a considerable sum to provide girls that were
to be punished and whipped for his sexual satisfaction. His lawyer forbade any
further admission of guilt. He did agree though there was a girl they called
Judy left on the boat when they went to the pub.

Gradually the Colchester C.I.D. built up a picture of what happened on these
boat trips. Warrants were issued and the Countess's two homes were searched and
some of her past history found.

Born in Russia as Katrina Petrovik, she was the daughter of the governor of the
local prison. Not a countess at all. That title she acquired when she came to
England. The governor was a great believer in corporal punishment especially on
young beautiful ladies. Any unfortunate sent to his establishment would be very
harshly treated by him and his assistants until they granted them sexual
favours. However, once granted they took far more than necessary and many of the
favours ended up as brutal rapes, often of both men and women.

As a young girl the Countess had a free run of the prison area and found a place
where she could watch these punishments and the rapes that followed. Several
times a week she would watch her father strip and thrash some poor wretch and
then undress himself and fuck the victim in any one of their three holes or
perform some other obscene act with them. Usually the performance was repeated
with variations by the assistants.

Watching these degrading sights stimulated the Countess's sexual drive and she
would sit at her spy hole and masturbate. This went on until one day when she
was fourteen years old, she sneezed at the wrong moment and her hiding place was
discovered. Her father pulled her into the room, still with her knickers around
her ankles and up-ended her to show her bare arse to the others. Placing his
hand over her young cunt, he felt how wet she was. "So you like to watch our
fun, daughter. Well you can sit there and watch," he indicated a nearby stool,
"But first you must remove all your clothes too. We are all naked. You must be
too." Hesitating at first, the young Katrina, undressed in front of her father.
He spoke glowingly of her lovely body as it was unwrapped before his eyes. She
saw his prick, the weapon she had seen so many times before but never as close
or as clearly as this, jerk in anticipation and she wondered if he was going to
take her but instead her told her to sit and watch.

The victim was a young boy caught stealing food or so it was said. He had denied
it but it was a foregone conclusion that he was guilty and would receive a full
punishment. By the time Katrina had been brought into the room, the boy was
bleeding from the lashing and the governor had been about to sodomise him. With
the girl watching closely, he continued what he had started. No lubrication was
used so the tortured boy screamed in agony as the large prick forcibly entered
and then unmercifully fucked his rectum.

Katrina was delighted with sight and urged her father on and then when the other
took over encouraged them to use as much force as possible. Thereafter she
attended the punishment sessions, first just as an observer but gradually she
began to administer the lashings until after a comparatively short time, her
punishments were more feared than those from her father.

When the communist regime was overthrown, so too was were those who kept her
father in his job. The prison was ransacked and the governor killed but Katrina
had advance warning and was able to escape with a great deal of the money they
had extorted from their victims and various underhand deals she and her father
were involved with. Much of the money was in foreign currencies, mainly U.S.
dollars so she had no trouble obtaining papers allowing her to stay in England.
Here she first found girls who were willing to take a caning if the price was
high enough but there wasn't enough of them and they put a ceiling on what they
would allow to be done. It wasn't long before Katrina, now calling herself The
Countess, found ways of blackmailing girls and a few boys into taking part in
her boating weekends. At the same time she found perverted and lonely business
men who would willingly pay to take part in these punishment orgies.



******

Ding-dong! Ding-dong! Hilary answered the door. It was Monday morning and she
was hoping to get over to John's place before she had to do a drop and pick up.
Two police officers, one a woman, stood at the door. "Miss Hilary Jones?" the
PCW asked.

"Yes."

"We are trying to locate the whereabouts of Miss Judith Peters. Do you know
where she is?"

"I don't think I can hel......"

"We know from the boatyard, you took her there on Wednesday and she left you and
went aboard a boat called the Mongoose. This boat was burned up on Friday
evening and we have witnesses who state she was on board during that evening and
had been subjected to some violence. If you know where she is please tell us. We
think she may need medical help and perhaps counseling."

"Didn't she die in the fire?" Hilary stalled.

"We don't know, but we have reason to believe she didn't."

Hilary thought for a few moments. She knew Yolande was in the other room and
could hear the conversation. "Yes, I know where she is and I will take you
there."

"Just give us the address please, Ma'am."

"No. If you two turn up in uniform and burst in on her unannounced, it could set
her healing back a long way. Have you any idea of the violence she was subjected
to? No? Then prepare yourselves for a shock."

Hilary went with them to the car, knowing Yolande would already be on the phone
to John. "We hoped you would all think she was dead and we could draw a line
under her ordeal. I expect you must have arrested the men and the Countess and
the other girls so now it will all be drawn out in court. I just hope one as
young as she can get through it all."

Judith was still in bed but was awake if still somewhat sleepy. Her face still
looked drawn and agonised. John let them in. "Sorry," he said, "We weren't
expecting visitors and I haven't washed her yet." Both Hilary and John insisted
the male policeman stay at the door while they lifted to covers for the
policewoman to see some of the terrible marks left by the crop and cane. By now
they had turned to a mixture of blue, purple and yellow with red splotches. They
saw the policewoman's face go deathly pale and for a moment it looked as if she
was going to vomit but she shook her head and recovered but her voice sounded
strange as she asked her colleague to radio for the police surgeon to attend.

"I'm not going to hospital!" Judith's voice came through clearly. "I'm staying
here. John and Hilary will look after me until I am better."

"We need to ask you a few questions concerning what happened but in your
condition the surgeon has to give his okay and in any case it would be as well
if a proper doctor looked at those welts. Are there any others besides the ones
I had a glimpse of? We must try and stop those men doing it to anyone else." The
policewoman spoke gently and kindly.

"It was mostly the woman. The Countess." Judith whispered.

Hilary answered for her. "Her breasts have been whipped too and there are other
marks on her back and buttocks but I think she needs to rest again before she
talks again. She is exhausted."

Judith was partly exhausted because Sheila and Sally had turned up the previous
day and had elicited the whole story from her. Sheila was hoping to get it all
in print but couldn't if Judith was supposed to be dead. It was so nice for her
to see them again and she had struggled bravely against the pain and fatigue
that threatened to overwhelm her. She felt she was amongst friends that were now
her family.

John's phone rang. It was Bob. "Hello John, I am out on the Rose Marie at the
moment but Charley just phoned to say the police have been and asked questions.
They also took the blanket we brought Judy home in. Look I think we have to tell
them everything now. Everything that is except for my staying behind in the
galley. I came up straight behind you. Okay?"

"Okay, Bob. The police are here at the moment and are sending for a police
surgeon before they can talk to Jude.

"How is she now?"

"Still very sore, and very tired. Keeps dozing off. Think she is still very
traumatised. How did Charley fare after her ordeal?"

"Took her a long while before she would talk about it and as you saw when you
came, she was very reluctant even after four months to say anything. I am hoping
this will open her up a bit but it could act the other way. I'm heading for
shore now so she doesn't have to face the police alone."



Half an hour later the police surgeon arrived. He sent everyone from the room
but when Judith screamed with fear he relented and allowed Hilary to stay. Once
he saw the extent of her injuries he immediately forbade any interviews and
prescribed a sedative and painkilling drugs. He wanted to move her into hospital
but Judith vetoed it. He did insist on a police photographer recording the
injuries.



******

Four months later Judith stood in shakily the witness box and told her story.
Pippa, Baba, Charley and two other girls had all given evidence. Hers just
supported and corroborated theirs but like them, the re-telling brought back
memories of the torment and she had to rest several times. However the evidence
was so overwhelming the jury had no hesitation in convicting all six of the
accused. The Countess was sentenced to 10 years in prison and then to be
deported. The investigations have revealed she had entered the country
illegally. Her money had bought false papers but there was nothing on record to
back them up. Derek got eight years and the business men four apiece.

While the trial was reported in the National papers and on radio and TV, it was
Sheila who got the personal interview scoop. From it she was able to pay Judith
to stay in Cambridge and restart school if she decided that was what she wanted.

Relieved and glad that it was now all over, John held Judith tightly to him as
they sat on the settee in his home. He kissed her like he had many times before
but this time she responded to him more enthusiastically. "John," she whispered,
"Take me to your bed tonight. Make love to me. I know you will be gentle. I know
I have kept you waiting for so long to do this but I was so sore I didn't think
I could. Now I want to try."

John kissed her again as he carried her to his room.



End.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





