BDSM Library - Suzy's Honeymoon




Suzy's Honeymoon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It is an explicit fictional sex story based on a young newlywed who spends a week in the Turkish prison system; expanded on the Turkish "Compounds" where women prisoners are prostituted, and exploring a fantasy where a poor American woman and her husband are manipulated into performing perverted sex acts, as judged by American standards.
This story requires the reader to be of the age of consent. If you are not of
at least 18 years of age then it is your duty to delete this immediately.

If you are offended by non-consensual sex or sexual taboos then it is in your
best interest to delete this immediately.

Intro.
This is short fictional story that will span nearly all sexual deviations. It
is an explicit fictional sex story based on a young newlywed who spends a week
in the Turkish prison system; expanded on the Turkish "Compounds" where women
prisoners are prostituted, and exploring a fantasy where a poor American woman
and her husband are manipulated into performing perverted sex acts, as judged
by American standards.




             Notice regarding the story Suzy's Honeymoon

December 30, 2002

Dear Readers & Fans:

After reading the below posting from the author, I've decided to pickup the
gauntlet, and write at least three more chapters, the last two days of Suzy's
captivity, plus her trip to Paris, to reunite with her husband, and their trip
back to the United States. I may go on from there another chapter or two, but
no guarantees on that.

In the meantime, I am posting the original chapters. I have proof read, edited
and changed the format, merging the two chapters for each day, as originally
posted, to one chapter for each day, as I am reposting them. 

I have tried to reach Glaucus, but his hotmail address returns all mail sent to
it. I also tried going to his website, but that too has been abandoned.

Glaucus, if you see this, please contact me at tedebear690@yahoo.com

Ted E. Bear

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

From: Glaucus
Subject: Suzy's Honeymoon Updated
Date: 1997/12/05
Message-ID: #1/1
X-Http-User-Agent: Mozilla/2.0 (compatible; MSIE 3.02; Update a;
Windows 95)
X-Originating-IP-Addr: 206.173.100.54 (cnc068054.concentric.net)
Organization: Deja News Posting Service
X-Authenticated-Sender: Glaucus
X-Article-Creation-Date: Sat Dec 06 01:25:35 1997 GMT
Reply-To: Glaucus
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories



http://members.aol.com/glau101/index.htm

Because a lot of people were wondering what happened to Suzy when she
returned to America, I ended the Honeymoon. She's home again, and fairly
happy now to be back with Brad. There are a few loose ends troubling her,
but at least the honeymoon is over.

Regarding day 6 & 7, there is no hard copy of what happened. Use your
imagination. There is some allusion in the final chapter but overall you
have to imagine what else could happen to this poor girl after the first
five days. I was having trouble myself. If anyone wants to try ad
libbing. feel free.

Suzy's honeymoon is dedicated to the many writers in A.S.S who really
know how to explore the horizon of sex. Thank's to all.

-------------------==== Posted via Deja News ====-----------------------
      http://www.dejanews.com/     Search, Read, Post to Usenet




Subject:   Suzy's Honeymoon (Day 1) (FF, TG/FM, NC, Rape, Humil, Exhib, Bond,
                                     toys, 1st, Wife)
Date:     1997/01/17



           * Suzy's Honeymoon, Day one *


Suzy waved good bye to Brad, as he was escorted one way, while she was led
into a different room. It had all became so confused after they had arrived in
Turkey for their honeymoon vacation. They had searched their luggage upon
arrival, and had found her tear gas. She was embarrassed, but had simply
expected them to confiscate it. Instead, she and Brad were handcuffed and
stuffed into a jail cell over night. Their trial had been swift, and without
diplomacy. The ominous looking judge had ordered her and Brad deported, and
fined them all of the money that they had on them.

Suzy found herself thrust into a holding cell, with at least fifty other women,
all of which were Turkish, and wearing traditional Turkish clothing. Suzy felt
completely out of place, with her shoulder length blond hair, and shorts. All
of the other women were in traditional robes, with long flowing black hair.
They ranged in age from children, to some very old women. Suzy, who had just
turned nineteen, felt overwhelmed by the older women, who stood around the
edges of the cell giving her strange looks.

She sat in the holding cell for almost two hours, without any words spoken to
her by the other women. She didn't speak Turkish anyhow, but she expected some
polite nods or waves. Suddenly, the iron door swung open, and three men
entered the cell. The first was a short man, dressed in a suit, followed by
two hulking men dressed in khaki fatigues. They walked through the crowd of
women, apparently inspecting them. Suzy looked at the short man indifferently,
as he stepped up to her, giving her a long look, up and down her body.

She was about to protest his glaring, when he spoke to her in English.
"European I presume?" he said, raising an eyebrow to her.

"American, my husband and I are being..." she started to explain, when she was
cut off by the man.

"It is no matter. You are being transferred to my prison camp, until your
plane flight back to Paris." he interjected, and waved his large friends
forward.

Suzy was shocked and confused, but knew better then to resist the authorities
here in Turkey. The larger of the two men attached iron collar around her neck,
and then iron handcuffs to her wrists, which were in turn attached to the
collar around her neck. Suzy was trembling in fear, as they led her through
the crowd, and out of the cell. On their way through the maze of corridors,
she was led past a crowded cell of men, and she spotted her new husband, Brad.

"Brad!" she shouted, as she pulled out of the grip of the guard leading her
down the hall. She stepped up the bars, separating her from her husband, and
put her face up to his chest.

"Suzy! Where are they taking you, we are supposed to be sent back to Paris in
two days." he advised her.

"They just told me a week, and they're taking me to a prison camp until then."
she replied.

"Hey stop! This is my husband!" she complained, as the guards grabbed her to
pull her along with them.

The short man in the suit stepped up the bars, and stopped the guard from
pulling her back down the hall. He looked at Brad, the stocky, stern looking
American, standing behind the bars, and smiled.

"Ah. Mr. Davis. I am pleased to meet you. We will be holding your wife an
extra week, while we run through the paperwork. She will be back at your side
by next Tuesday." he said, with an English accent. He waved to his guard to
continue.

"NO! Please don't separate us! This is our honeymoon! Let us stay together and
leave on the same plane!" Brad shouted down the hall. He was reaching vainly
through the bars when the three men and his wife stopped walking away. The
short man in the suit turned, and came back.

"Are you telling me that you have not consummated your marriage yet?" he asked.

"This is our honeymoon. Please don't separate us. I will wait and go back when
she goes." Brad begged, near tears at the thought of being separated for so
long.

"Well then, I have thought it over, and have decided that it would be a
terrible thing to separate two young lovers, prior to their consummation. I
will have you sent to my prison camp later today. You can be with your wife
for the consummation of your marriage." he said, as he turned and walked away.
Brad held the bars tensely, as he watched his wife disappear around the corner
with the three men.

She was placed in the back of a van, alone, and driven for three hours to the
prison camp. When the doors opened, she was surprised that the prison camp was
really a nicely landscaped estate, with high walls surrounding it. She was led
along the side of the house, and taken into a building off of the back of the
large mansion. She was shown into a large room, with bright lights and a table
like she had only seen before in her gynecologist's office.

The two men hefted her up onto the table, and chained her left wrist to a
steel bar running along side the table. One of the men took her other arm, and
pulled it up under his armpit, holding her wrist in place there. She wondered
what kind of procedure this was, when she saw the short man appear beside her
with a syringe. She started to complain, just as she felt the stick of the
needle in her arm. She gritted her teeth, as it pierced her skin. The syringe
was then emptied into her vein and was quickly replaced by yet another syringe.
The liquid flowed into her veins, just as it had with the first syringe. The
large man then released her arm, and she fell back onto the table, feeling
dizzy and sick.

The large man picked up a bucket, and lifted it up to the edge of the table,
as he watched her expression turn to one of nausea. As though on cue, she
rolled her face over to the side of the table, and the man held the bucket up
for her to vomit into. She felt her head spinning, and her stomach wrenching
at the same time. After she had emptied her stomach into the bucket, the man
wiped her face with a cool wet rag, then laid her on her back on the table.
She stared up at the ceiling, waiting for the awful feeling of nausea and
weakness to fade.

"Oooh my head!" she groaned, as she opened her eyes, after the short nap.

She guessed that she had closed her eyes for just a few seconds, but when she
looked around, the men were all gone, except for the short man in the suit,
who was sitting on a stool beside the door. As she tried to roll over, she was
surprised to find her ankles now strapped into the stirrups on the exam table,
and there was also a collar around her neck, positioning her head firmly in
the center of the padded mattress.

"Where are my clothes?" she squeaked in surprise, as she looked down at her
white skin, fully exposed to the man, except for the panties covering her
pussy.

Her breasts were visible to anyone who might walk into the room! She wiggled
around on the table, attempting to get free, but with no success. The man
sitting on the stool was completely ignoring her. She heard the door lock
click, and she turned her eyes to see who was coming into the room.

"Hello, Frau Slutette Suzy." the large woman in the white gown said.

She had trouble understanding the woman's heavy German accent, but she had
thought that the woman had said something about her being a slut? Suzy looked
at her nervously, as she approached the examining table, picking up a rubber
glove from a pile of gloves, and placed it on her large hand. She stared at
the bulk of the woman in wonderment. She must have tipped the scales at well
over 200 pounds. She barely reached a hundred herself, and couldn't imagine
ever getting that big, even when she was as old as this woman. The woman was
easily into her golden years, as her gray hair and wrinkled flaps of skin
betrayed.

"My name is Helga, and I will be examining you today." The woman rasped
hoarsely, as she stood between Suzy's wide spread knees, pulling the thin
material of her panties, up and away from her crotch.

Suzy blushed, as the woman began handling her crotch area like it was nothing
unusual to her. She stared at the woman, as she pulled apart her labia, and
ran her fingers up and down her thick lips. She had never received this kind
of treatment from her gynecologist before. Then, with one hand holding her
panties away from her crotch, the woman moved her other hand over a jar of
something, and pushed her finger into it. Suzy took a deep breath, when her
finger emerged from the tub glistening with Vaseline. The woman brought the
finger down to her private region, and she felt the greasy digit smear against
her virgin opening. The woman pressed her fat finger into her vagina quickly
and prodded her hymen. Suzy grunted each time, hoping that he woman wouldn't
damage her wedding night gift to her husband.

The woman smiled and withdrew her finger, tracing it up Suzy's labia again.
she noticed her stop at the top, where her clitoris was, and started messaging
her nub vigorously. Suzy had masturbated once or twice before, and had
regarded that spot as being very private to her. Never had her gynecologist
ever touched her there before.

"What are you doing?" Suzy groaned wearily, as she felt her heart beating
faster and faster. She couldn't believe that the smooth massaging the woman
was giving her, was making her this excited.

"Never you mind girl. You just lay back and relax." The woman grumbled at her,
while she continued rubbing her nub.

Suzy knew that her clit was hard from the woman's vigorous rubbing, and she
felt highly embarrassed. The woman finally stopped, and came up beside her.
She took her wrist, so that she could take her pulse. When she finished taking
her pulse, she left the table that Suzy was strapped to. She returned with a
cylinder shaped device with straps on it. She watched with growing
embarrassment, as Helga pulled up the crotch of her panties, and placed the
plastic cylindrical device in her slit, with the top of the device pressed
tightly against her clit.

She then felt Helga reach behind her back, and pull an elastic strap behind
her hips and around her crotch. As the woman pulled the elastic tighter, she
felt the plastic cylinder pressing tighter against her skin. The woman then
tied the straps together in place. She then felt the woman position the plastic
thing right on her clitoris, and tape it in place.

"Now let us see how erotic you feel, yes?" the fat old woman said, as she came
around to the other side of the table, and took Suzy's wrist into her palm,
while with the other hand, she turned a knob on the cylinder.

Suddenly, Suzy felt the plastic tube begin to vibrate on her clit, and she
nearly screamed from the sudden shock of it.

"What!!! That's not part of an exam???" Suzy exclaimed, as she felt the
plastic cylinder buzzing wildly against her nub, making her shiver all over.

She had masturbated perhaps twice in her life, and each time it was while she
was pressing her crotch tightly against the washing machine in her mother's
home, fully enjoying the spin cycle. This sensation however, was dreadfully
more powerful, and she felt helpless to hide her aroused state from this woman.
The woman stood there silently beside her, as she monitored her pulse. Suzy
felt her heart pounding harder and harder, faster and faster, as the buzzing
heightened her sexual senses.

"Pleaseee stop it. I'm feeling light headed." Suzy begged, as she watched the
room begin to spin around.

She instinctively pumped her hips outwards, which sent a erotic jolt through
her body, as the vibrating plastic pressed even tighter against her clit. She
was soon helpless to stop thrusting her hips, as if she were fucking an
invisible cock, as to stop was to also stop the incredible feelings coursing
through her clitoris. She found herself on the verge of that incredible moment,
which she had only felt twice before. She bit her lip, in an attempt to stifle
her cries of pleasure, but it didn't help. The woman watched her with interest,
as she ground her hips wildly into the air, and writhed within her bonds. She
noted Suzy's heartbeat, and then released her wrist.

"I see you have just experienced an orgasm, I think we should learn to share
missy." the fat old woman said, in a deep voice.

Suzy opened her eyes, and looked around in astonishment. The orgasm had been
incredible, and made her feel so good, but at the same time, she was disgusted
by the fact she had experienced such a thing, while another woman watched her
do so. The woman waved to the man at the door, and he stood up and left. She
looked up at Helga meekly, and wondered if she'd be released now. Instead, the
woman dropped her dress to the floor, as Suzy watched the old woman's flab and
wrinkles jiggling nakedly before her.

"Lets see if you can learn to make Helga feel like that!" Helga said excitedly,
in her deep, raspy voice, as she put a foot stool up to the table.

Suzy's head was still spinning, when Helga lifted her heavy body up over the
top of Suzy's bound form. "Whaaat?" she cried out, as she realized that the
naked woman was going to sit down on top of her face.

She closed her eyes, and tried to turn away, but she felt the old woman's
knees clamp tightly around her head, and she was forced to look up. The old
woman's wrinkled flabby crotch was slowly lowered down towards her mouth.

"Noooo!" Suzy groaned, until the woman's fat labia pressed down on her chin,
and began gyrating on her face.

Suzy closed her eyes again, trying to block it all out, until she felt the
vibrating rod on her crotch begin shuddering again. The feeling was
overwhelming, and she was now able to block out the sweaty fat woman on top of
her, as the vibrations took her back to that high level of ecstasy. She was
nearly out of her mind, her hips gyrating wildly, as she neared another orgasm,
when suddenly, the vibrating stopped completely, and she felt the plastic rod
being pulled off of her crotch.

"No! No don't stop! I need it." Suzy groaned, in heated lust.

She had been on the very verge of having another powerful orgasm, and she was
still shaking from the excitement that flowed through her body.

"Very good missy. First you must stick your tongue out, and lick my pussy, and
then you'll get what you want." the woman rasped, as she pushed her stinking
pussy back up Suzy's chin and onto her lips.

"Anything! Just put it back on, before I go mad!" Suzy groaned, impatiently
giving into the new lust which coursed through her body.

The woman pressed her fat cunt up against Suzy's mouth, as she pushed her
tongue out, as requested, feeling it disappear into the wet cavern of the old
woman. Immediately the old woman began gyrating her fat crotch against Suzy's
mouth and the wonderful vibrations returned to her clit. Suzy felt her head
begin to swim again in ecstasy, as she licked into the god awful woman's pussy,
madly hoping to make her press the rod harder against her clit.

"Suck on my hole girlie! .... I'll make you cum with me! Ohhh!" Helga groaned,
as she rode the girl's face, holding the vibrator against her pussy.

Suzy did as ordered and began licking and sucking the wet skin of the woman's
crotch. She immediately tasted the sour juices leaking from the woman's vagina
as she sucked it. As repulsive as that was, Suzy blocked it out, because the
buzzing was bringing her to another orgasm. She obediently sucked the sour
juices from the awful woman, as long as the buzzing drove her closer and
closer to her goal of release. She suddenly felt her head pushed back into the
cushion, as the woman pressed her crotch onto her face. Suzy felt the heavenly
buzzing on her clitoris fade and disappear.

"Good Girlie! Suck me! Make me cum! Yahh!" groaned Helga.

Suzy was now mad from her craving to cum, and couldn't stop thinking about the
buzzing. The fat woman pushed her soft crotch back and forth over Suzy's mouth,
effectively stifling her cries to turn the vibrator back on. Suzy felt more of
the sour juices dribbling out of the woman's cunt, to coat her chin and gush
into her mouth. Just when she thought she would scream to have the vibrator
turned back on, it suddenly did. Suzy immediately began sucking the juices
again, as her mind drifted off into blissful lust and she immediately began to
cum. She bucked her hips wildly, and everything was wonderful, while it lasted.
The old woman finally turned off the vibrator, and lifted her sweaty crotch up
off Suzy's face. Suzy took long deep breaths of the cool fresh air that she
had been deprived of, while the woman's stinking cunt was pushed down onto her
face.

"You wait here. I will send for a chaperone to escort you around, while your
husband is here with us." the old woman gasped hoarsely, as she draped the
white gown around her bulk, and trotted out of the room.

"Ohhh, aren't you a pretty one?" said the short stout woman who came into the
room.

Suzy looked at her from her compromising position on the table, hoping that
she would release her. The woman took the silent buzzing cylinder from Suzy's
crotch, and placed it into her purse. The girl wore a simple pink polka dot
cotton dress, but she was obviously well endowed with huge breasts. Suzy
watched the pretty girl work on her straps, until they were all released, and
she was able to lift her tired legs off of the table.

"Come on missy. My name is Carla, I will be in charge of you tonight, while
your husband is here. Come with me now." she said, having released Suzy's last
restraint, and led her from the room. Suzy walked drunkenly, while she tried
to regain her composure. Something in the shots that she had received seemed
to take the fear from her, but it was also making her dizzy.

"This is were you will spend the night with your husband my dear. We have some
clothes for you to wear, if you wish to take our offer of consummating your
marriage." Carla explained, as she showed Suzy around the beautiful suite. It
appeared to be a honeymoon suite, right here in the prison. Suzy drooled over
the fine furnishings and the beautiful bed beside the fireplace.

"Come now, we have but an hour before your husband arrives." Carla explained,
as she sat Suzy down at the dressing table. She spent the next hour dressing
her in sexy white underwear, and a beautiful wedding gown and veil. She did
Suzy's hair in an elegant style, and applied her make up to excess, until
Suzy was a doll for her wedding night.

"Now you must wait. I will go and return with your groom. Wait for him there
on the bed. You will have one hour with him, before he must go." Carla said
softly, as she exited the room. Suzy was still in a drug induced land of
bliss, and she fell back onto the bed in anticipation.

Carla stepped out of the room and closed the door. Just outside the room, the
walls were plain brick and the ceiling vaulted. She walked around the corner
to a console of television monitors. Each monitor covered a different angle of
the room and focused on a different point.

"Are you ready to begin recording Ralph." Carla asked the man sitting at the
mixing console. They looked at the large monitor, focused on the bed where
Suzy was sprawled in her wedding gown.

"Ready whenever you are. We have all the tapes loaded." Ralph said, as he
puffed on a cigarette. Carla walked away from the console and down a nearby
hall. One side of the hall was lined with old fashioned barred jail cells. In
the last cell was Suzy's husband Brad, laying on the cot in his tuxedo.

"Brad, I see you have made yourself comfortable." Carla cooed, to the
masculine boy, who turned his head towards her.

Brad had been given a large dose of Heroin, in order to put him into la la
land during the filming. He had also been given a super high dose of an
aphrodisiac, just as Suzy had. Carla took Brad's hand and helped him up from
the cot. She wrapped her arms around him, and took his buttocks in her hands.
She pulled him close to her, and felt his hard on pressing against her belly.
Brad giggled dumbly, and backed away from her, slightly embarrassed by the
intimate contact.

"Come on Brad, your beautiful wife is waiting for you in the other room."
Carla said, as she took Brad by the hand, led him down the hall, and into the
suite.

"Brad!" screamed Suzy in glee, as Brad stepped through the door behind Carla.

Carla stepped in and watched the two love birds embrace and start kissing. She
looked around the room, where the many cameras were hidden, that were filming
everything that would go on in here. They kissed for about five minutes,
before Carla called a stop to it.

"Lovebirds. I am here to ensure that you behave yourselves like newlyweds do.
Come here, let me make you comfortable." Carla said seductively, as Brad broke
his lip lock with Suzy, and smiled at her thankfully.

Carla touched a switch on the wall, which dimmed the lights in the rest of the
room, while focusing bright lights onto the bed. Suzy and Brad looked at each
other coyly and urgently. They both had the same intense need to make love
flowing in their blood. Carla brought them each a drink, and carefully made
sure that Suzy received the proper glass.

"This drink is to your happy and long marriage!" Carla announced.

Suzy slowly sipped the sweet drink down, while Brad impatiently gulped his.
Carla moved out of the way to the love seat, and sat down, waiting for the
drug that she had put into Suzy's drink to take effect. It would knock her out
for about half an hour, which should give her enough time to work on Brad.

"I missed you my love!" Brad cooed softly into Suzy's ear.

She responded by bringing her lips to his. They were kissing for almost a
minute, when she fell over onto the bed. Brad took this as a signal and
followed her down. He kissed her again, but she didn't kiss him back. He
checked her eyes, and she was passed out. "Suzy!" he groaned. He shook her
softly, hoping to wake her up, but she remained silently sleeping on the bed
before him.

"She passed out from all the alcohol." Carla said softly, as she began to
caress Brad's ears.

Brad looked up at her confused as he stood up. "Does our hour start when she
wakes up?" he asked sadly, thinking that Suzy had passed out on him for the
night.

"That depends, I could arrange some extra time for you if I wanted." Carla
said seductively, as she brought her hand down to the bulge in Brad's tuxedo
trousers. She pulled Brad's head down to her's and gave him a seductive kiss.
Brad immediately rejected her, but after she held him firmly, and squeezed his
bulge rhythmically a few times, he softened his stance. She pulled him down on
the bed beside her and they kissed.

"I can't do this! Suzy is right there on the other side of the bed.."
Brad said, as he attempted to fight off his passions. 

"She fell asleep on you lover! You can at least satisfy me, until she wakes up.
I will help you to make love with her, once she wakes, if you make love to me
now." Carla purred, as she lifted Brad's hand to her large breasts, and felt
him softly caress her.

"You'll do what?" Brad asked, amazed at the proposition.

"I will make love to you and your wife Brad, in France it is called a menage
au trios." Carla said huskily, as she pulled Brad on top of her, and began
kissing him deeply. She knew he had conceded, when she fished out his cock,
without a protest from him. She started to time the scene to Suzy's knock out
drink. She knew that she would awaken within half an hour, and she wanted to
time Brad's cuming on her, with Suzy's awakening. Carla spent the next ten
minutes stroking Brad's cock through his trousers, while he caressed her
breasts and kissed her. He reached down to her crotch with interest, but she
stopped him.

"Sit down right there lover. I want to suck your big cock and make it explode
on my big tits." Carla groaned seductively, as she pulled herself away from
Brad.

Brad gawked, as she dropped her top to her waist and exposed her large round
breasts for his enjoyment. She guided him to the love seat, across from the
bed. She dropped his trousers, and immediately began to suckle and lick his
erect cock. She teased and suckled him for ten minutes, each minute guiding
him closer to an orgasm, but stopping each time to keep him waiting. Brad soon
was reaching down to her head, trying to hold her down on his cock long enough
for him to shoot off, as he was going crazy with lust.

"Lover, I am going to make you cum now, but first you have to take your hands
off of me." Carla said, as she scolded Brad for his roaming, insistent hands.
She caressed her tits on his cock a moment, and then slid herself up onto his
lap. She seductively led his hands back behind his head, as she kissed him.
Brad didn't realize that she had placed his hands in steel handcuffs, until it
was already done.

"What! What is that for?" Brad groaned out of confusion, as he attempted to
pull his hands free.

Carla smiled and dropped down to his cock, and again sucked him almost to an
orgasm again. Brad nearly jumped up, when she stopped so close to his shooting
off.

"One moment lover, I want to make sure that your wife is all right." Carla
explained, as she wiped the spit from her chin.

She stood up and turned around to the bed. Suzy was still laying limply on the
bed in her wedding gown. Carla pulled her over, until her knees where hanging
off of the end of the bed. She spread Suzy's legs wide apart, before her
husband's eyes, and then tied them to the bed posts. Brad just sat there and
watched with interest, as the beautiful woman tied his wife seductively,
before him. She then handcuffed Suzy's hands, pulling them over her head, and
secured them to the solid head board with a chain provided just for that
purpose.

"Have you ever seen you wife's sex hole before lover?" Carla asked, grinning
seductively at Brad. He began to smile at the prospect, and shook his head no.
"Good, then I'll show you now!" she added.

Carla slowly lifted Suzy's wedding gown up her legs, and over her hips. Brad
couldn't help ogling his wife's creamy thighs, and the sexy panties that she
wore. He nearly jumped into the air, when he saw Carla pull a vibrator out
of her purse and turn it on.

"Watch me make her all wet for you, lover!" Carla said, as she pressed the
tip of the vibrator against Suzy's panties.

His cock bobbed eagerly, as the woman rubbed the vibrator up and down his new
wife's crotch for almost five minutes. He watched a tiny wet spot developing
on her panties, and then grow into a stain that reached down to her ass crack.
Suzy began to twitch and groan on the bed, and he realized that she was waking
up. But Carla continued stroking her crotch, until Suzy opened her eyes widely
to see Carla caressing her breasts as well.

"What?? Where's Brad?" Suzy groaned in shock and disappointment.

Carla stood up before her and smiled. "Your husband is right here dear!" she
said, moving aside to expose Brad sitting in the love seat, with his trousers
down, and his penis pointing lewdly up in the air. She moved back over to the
love seat, dropped to her knees and brought her lips back to Brad's cock.

"Suzy.." Brad croaked wildly, as he stared at his helpless wife, strapped to
the bed.

Carla continued to bob her head up and down on his shaft, and he knew that she
was going to make him cum this time. The first time that he ever came with
another woman, and it would be while his wife watched. Suzy cried out, as Brad
began to grunt and thrust his hips into Carla's face.

"Brad noooo!" Suzy cried, as she watched her new husband fuck the stranger's
mouth.

Brad closed his eyes, as he shot his load into the sexy brunette's mouth. It
was the most wonderful feeling that he had ever felt in his life. Carla pulled
her head away from his cock, and with her lips sealed tightly, she smiled at
him, as she turned back towards Suzy. Brad stared in wonder, as Carla brought
her hand to Suzy's crotch, and began to caress her wet spot. Suzy showed little
response, until Carla laid beside her, and gave her a wet kiss on the cheek,
keeping her lips sealed the entire time.

"Brad! Who is this woman? Tell her to leave me alone!" Suzy cried in
embarrassment, as Carla continued to rub her sensitive clitoris, making her
uncomfortably anxious.

"Come on lady! It's gone far enough already! Let us up now!" Brad said tiredly.

Carla responded by pulling on Suzy's chin, to open her mouth. Suzy allowed the
woman to pull her jaw open, until she saw her position her mouth over hers.
Carla clamped Suzy's nose shut with her fingers, and waited for Suzy to gasp
for breath.

"Whaaat!" cried Suzy, finally giving in, and opening her mouth to breath.
Carla let her lips part, and the thick white drool spilled out into her mouth.
She felt it slide into her cheek and she immediately tried to spit it out.
Carla held her nose, brought her lips down to Suzy's, and force kissed her,
until she thought that Suzy would pass out. Carla lifted her wet lips from
Suzy's, and a streamer of cum held on between the two girls lips for a moment.
Suzy gasped for air and caught her breath. The thick cum streaking down her
chin and cheeks now from her struggling.

"I just thought that you would want your husband's first load of cum on your
wedding night." Carla said innocently.

"That was cum! Ohhh Yuck!" Suzy said snottily, and tried to spit the rest of
the salty fluid from her mouth. Carla climbed up from the bed and returned to
Brad, who was awe struck after watching the scene with the two women. Carla
dropped to her knees, and pulled Brad's cock back into her mouth. She worked
him skillfully, until his cock was stiff again. She then brought her ample
breasts up to his face, and had him lick her nipples hungrily for a moment.
Carla then turned and put her hand on Suzy's crotch.

"Are you horny lover?" Carla cooed seductively to Suzy, who was laying quietly
on the bed.

Carla reached down between Suzy's ass cheeks and unsnapped the crotch flap on
her panties. Pulling the wet pink silk up to expose her tiny labia and her
pink wetness. Carla took the vibrator out and spread Suzy's labia, she pushed
the tip of the vibrator against Suzy's clit and began massaging her slit.

"Do you want your man to fuck your virgin pussy?" Carla taunted, as she worked
Suzy closer to orgasm with her finger and the vibrator.

Suzy stared at her with straining eyes, and pleaded for her to get it over
with.

"Tell me that you want your man to fuck your virgin pussy darling?" Carla
insisted, as she pulled the tip of the vibrator from Suzy's clit, halting her
march to ecstasy.

"Yes! Yes I want my virgin pussy fucked by my man!" Suzy groaned.

Carla returned the vibrator to Suzy's clit, and also worked it over with her 
tongue, until Suzy bucked her hips helplessly in a lewd orgasm.

"Very good lover, now let me stiffen your man up, so that he can fuck you."
Carla said, as she turned and knelt in front of Brad again.

Brad felt that he would go mad, as the woman's skilled lips began caressing
his already hard cock closer to a second orgasm. He watched her pull her skirt
down and throw it to the side. She kept bobbing her head on his cock, while
she worked her panties off, and tossed them up to his face. He smelled the
perfume that she had sprayed on her crotch, and wanted to cum in her mouth
right then. Carla pulled her head up, sensing Brad's second orgasm about to
explode.

"You have a large cock lover." she said, as she pulled herself up.

Brad knew he would be released now, and allowed to fuck Suzy. Instead, Carla
stood up before him and pressed her crotch to his.

"NOOOO! NOOO! THIS CAN'T BE! LET ME UP!" Brad screamed, as he saw Carla's
crotch press against his, and her penis pushed up against his.

"You see lover, Yours is a lot bigger than mine!" Carla said teasingly, as she
gripped her cock along with Brad's and began to stroke them. Brad began to
kick and push away, so she stood up and turned to Suzy.

"You like my cock lover, you ready to become a woman?" Carla asked, with a
grin as he/she moved toward Suzy.

"What? No! Let me up!" Suzy grunted in confusion, as Carla pressed her cock
up against Suzy's crotch.

She felt the stiff organ press against her naked sex, and she screamed. Brad's
screams joined hers, as Carla pushed the head of her cock against her slit.

"No! Please no!" Suzy cried.

"Ohh lover, your so wet and tight! I can feel you virginity with my cock!"
Carla groaned, as she pushed her small member into Suzy's hole, until it
pressed against her hymen.

Suzy began to scream and cry, as Carla began to rhythmically prod her hymen
with her cock.

"Oh lover! I could cum right now, and squirt my cum all over your hymen!"
Carla groaned, as she pumped her cock in and out of Suzy's pussy, just an inch
in each direction.

"OHH! Please do! Cum right now! Don't break my hymen please! Please cum now!"
Suzy cried in desperation to make it end, before she lost her virginity.

"No lover! I'm gonna shoot my cum deep inside you and make you have my baby!"
Carla groaned, seductively and pushed forward.

Suzy felt the penis jab painfully at her hymen, nearly breaking it. Then she
felt it slide out and thrust back in very hard, bursting through her cherry
quickly and painfully. Suzy cried out in defeat, and Brad joined her.

"Oh lover! Your pussy is so hot now!" Carla groaned, as she began stroking the
full length of her cock in and out of Suzy's cunt now.

She fucked her for five minutes, before Suzy finally stopped fighting and
quieted down. Carla responded by pressing the vibrator against Suzy's clit and
fucking her even harder. Suzy helplessly fell prey to the extra hormones
running through her body, as she felt the buzzing and stroking make her cunt
itch for more.

"No! I won't enjoy this!" Suzy grunted, with clinched teeth, as she felt
herself nearing an orgasm. She finally gave in and started thrusting her hips
at Carla's skewering prick, but never grunting one syllable of pleasure.

"Oh lover! I feel you thrusting with me! Lets cum together!" Carla groaned,
as she turned the vibrator up to high, and began to fuck Suzy really hard now.

Suzy began to cum, and her cunt muscles grasped the cock inside of her tightly
in response. She felt him thrust hard into her, and then the warm gush of cum 
filling her up. She clinched her teeth, to suppress her ecstasy, from her 
watching husband.

"Get off of her damn it! Get off of her!" Brad cried, as Carla ground her hips
against Suzy's slowly, working the afterglow of the orgasm.

Suzy began to weep now, as she looked beyond Carla's shoulders to her
struggling husband, handcuffed to the love seat behind her. Her vagina ached
dully, as Carla pumped the last few strokes of her rapidly softening cock into
her.

"Very tight, and very hot my love." Carla purred, as she slowly arched her
rear into the air, and pulled her flaccid penis from Suzy's cunt. She kissed
Suzy on the lips, despite her attempt to evade the kiss. "Are you ready for a
turn my boy?" Carla asked, chuckling at Brad, as she climbed off of the bed
and stood before him, with her glistening wet penis smeared with cum and
streaks of blood. Carla walked around the back of the love seat, and
unfastened the handcuffs, that had held him in place.

"You dirty Shit! I'm going to kick you ass!" Brad shouted in a fury, as he
jumped up from his seat and buttoned his trousers. As he turned on Carla, his
fury softened quickly, as he stared at the barrel of the sub machine gun,
which was pointed at his belly. "Hey now. There's no need to shoot me!" Brad
said, backing away slowly from the she-male.

"Of course not lover. Now as I said, it's your turn! Get on your knees before
her, and lick her pussy clean!" Carla demanded, as she pointed him towards his
wife's wide spread legs.

Brad had dreamed of going down on Suzy from the first time they had dated,
three years ago, now he stared at her sloppy wet slit, drooling cum and blood,
and he wanted to vomit.

"I said lick your wife's pussy clean. Have your forgotten that you are in
prison? You do as I say, or I shoot you in the back!" Carla said, putting the
barrel of the machine-gun in Brad's back, as she forced him forward.

Brad stared up at Suzy, who was staring back at him painfully, from her
strapped down position. He smelled the odor of sex, cum, and sweat emanating
from her musty labia. He had touched her once after their prom night, and she
immediately stopped him from going further, so as to save herself for their
marriage. He had remembered how soft and silky she had felt that night. Now
she appeared anything but sexy, as her vagina drooled another man's cum after
she gave her virginity to another. He put his tongue out and licked around the
dry portions of her crotch attempting to avoid the other man's slime.

"I said clean it lover!" Carla commanded, as she pushed Brad's head into Suzy's
sloppy crotch. Brad began to lick his wife's labia slowly holding back his
nausea, as the bloody cum pushed him to the brink. Carla sat back on the love
seat and let the cameras get about five minutes of film, before she pushed him
onward.

"Good enough lover! Get up and fuck her now. I'm giving you fifteen minutes,
and then you're out of here!"

Brad pulled his head back, and took a deep breath of fresh air, as he stood up.
He wiped the wetness from his chin, and turned to see if Carla was serious.
His cock was far from stiff, after the big surprise. Carla sat back, holding
the gun trained on him, and motioned for him to continue.

"But I can't now, not with you sitting there watching! Leave us alone for a
few minutes. Haven't you done enough already!" Brad complained, hoping to
negotiate a compromise.

"NO! Now climb up on top of her, and stick your prick where mine was ten
minutes ago!" Carla demanded, as she took the gun in both hands and prepared
to fire.

Brad jumped back and quickly climbed up on the bed like he was told to. He
laid his body down on his new wife's, and stared at her frightened eyes,
apologetically.

"Do it Brad. Make love to me properly. Make me forget that evil thing sitting
on the couch over there." Suzy whispered softly.

Brad kissed her, and she accepted his tongue readily. They both ignored the
aftertaste of cum, that each of them had in their mouths. Suzy felt brads
penis stiffen on her crotch. Brad looked at her uncertainly.

"Be gentile with me Brad, I'm a little sore." Suzy whispered, as he unzipped
his fly and pointed the head of his cock at her vagina. He entered her slowly
and slid in easily, even though she was so tight around his cock. He tried not
to think that it was because her pussy was so full of someone else's slick cum.

"Oh Suzy, I do love you!" Brad groaned, as he forgot everything, and began to
enjoy the tight warm slit that belonged to his wife. He kissed her and she
kissed him back, as he began to pump in and out of her. Suzy groaned in
pleasure and Brad groaned in bliss.

"I love you too Brad." she whispered, as he continued to pound his organ in
and out of her vagina. He was even bigger than the freak that had taken her
virginity minutes ago. She felt guilty for comparing, but she was happy it
was true.

"OH Suzy!" Brad groaned wildly, as he thrust his cock deep into her.

Suzy let out a groan of pleasure, as she felt his head prod her cervix and
erupt his semen inside her. She thought it was so erotic to procreate. His
ejaculation lasted only seconds, and then he collapsed on top of her. She
hadn't cum, but his love making thrilled her, and she loved him for it. She
relaxed, as her husband turned soft inside her. They lay together a few
moments before their dream was broken.

"Whaaat!" Brad cried out, as he heard the door open, and the voices of the
large burly guards shout orders in Turkish at them.

"They want you to get off of the girl lover! Your time is up. You must go now!"
Carla explained, as the guards surrounded the bed and took Brad by his
shoulders to lift him up. Suzy shrieked in embarrassment, as Brad was lifted
up from her, to leave her naked on the bed, naked in front of the guards'
staring eyes.

"I love you Suzy! Be strong! I'll take care of everything!" Brad cried, as he
was pulled away toward the door. Suzy tried to pull herself up, but the
restraints held her tightly in place.

"I love you too!" Suzy cried, as Brad was pulled through the door, and out of
her sight.

Carla stood up and dressed herself, as the two remaining guards removed Suzy's
bonds. Suzy was helped off the bed and led out of the bedroom movie set. Carla
stepped away, as the guards took Suzy to her cell, and she went over to the
editing console.

"Ralph, how was the taping, I understand you got all the shots?" Carla said,
in her native Turkish, as she lit up a cigarette and watched the technician
taking the tapes from the recorders.

"Yes! They are marvelous! This movie will be a big seller. That little blonde
American girl will attract a lot of money. She is very beautiful!" Ralph
exclaimed, as he placed the tapes in a box to take to editing.

"Will we be seeing more of her?" Carla asked with interest.

"Oh yes! Once the commandant sees these tapes, he will have her filming every
day. In fact, I believe he wishes you to condition her to do a shot with
Maximilian."

"Maximilian! That huge thing of his will tear her open. You know that I just
took her virginity, and let me tell you, she has one tight little pussy! It
will take at least a week to get her ready for a scene with him. You must be
joking?" Carla said, shaking her head in disbelief.

"It's true. But she will get plenty of use before then. Here are the scripts
for the rest of the week. Read them, because I believe the commandant wishes
you to be her keeper." Ralph said, as he handed her a folder of scripts. Carla
opened it and read the first one.

"My, my. We will be working long hours this week. Did this girl do something
horrible?"

"No. She just broke a simple immigration law. The commandant wishes to add a
new wing to the prison though, and the European buyers are demanding more
perverse subjects." Ralph said, as he lifted the box full of tapes up and
headed off to the editing room. "Good bye Carla. See you in the morning."

"Good bye Ralph." Carla replied, as she put out her cigarette and started off
to the prop shelf, to grab some required objects for Suzy. She filled the box
with what she needed, and started off to the cell block. As she turned the
corner to the row of cells, she saw the two guards rounding the corner after
putting Suzy in her Cell.

"Hold on boys, I will need you for a few more minutes." Carla said, as she
waved the two burley guards back down the hall. Carla stared at poor little
Suzy, who was curled up on the cot, as the guards unlocked the barred door.

"I'm sorry lover, but it seems that we have forgotten to dress you up for bed
tonight. Boys, hold her." Carla said, as Suzy sat up on the cot. She had been
stripped of the wedding gown that she had been wearing, and was left in only
her panties and bra.

"No! Leave me alone!" she cried out, as the two guards stood beside her and
took her arms. Carla knelt down before her, and took a leather chastity belt
out of the box. Suzy flinched, as Carla unsnapped the button attaching the
crotch panel to her panties. She wrapped the belt around her waist and
tightened it. She pulled the crotch strap around and positioned it for locking.

"What is that? Oh God No!" she cried again, as Carla removed a rubber dildo
from the box, and began to grease it up.

"Don't worry lover, this lubricant will dull the pain, and relax your pussy.
It's really not that bad." Carla explained softly, as she pushed the head of
the rubber tool into her slit. Suzy clamped her thighs tightly shut, forcing
the rubber phallus out of her slit.

"Boys! Hold her for me!" Carla said, impatiently, as the two guards pried
their legs between Suzy's, forcing them wide apart.

"Stop it! Stop it please!" Suzy begged, as Carla nuzzled the head of the
rubber dildo into her slit. She looked at the object, and compared it to Brad's
seven and a half inch penis. "Nooooo!" Suzy cried, as Carla slowly twisted and
pressed, until the rubber dildo slid all the way into her hole.

"There, now that wasn't so bad, was it lover?" Carla said, as she held the end
of the dildo in, as she latched the crotch strap up to the waist belt. Carla
wiped her hands on the mattress and stood up. "All right boys, release her." 

"Why?" Suzy cried, as she clamped her legs shut and tugged on the chastity
belt, trying to take it off. Carla stepped out of the cell and the two guards
followed her.

"You have such a tight little pussy, and we can't have that now, can we?
Tomorrow you will be put to work in the prison, to pay for your crime. Get a
good night's sleep, because you will be given no rest tomorrow." Carla
explained, as she waved good bye to Suzy, and walked away with the guards.

Suzy struggled with the belt for fifteen minutes, before she gave up and lay
back down on the mattress, hoping to pass out. The medicated lubricant had
already numbed her vagina, and relieved her of the soreness. She fell asleep a
short while later, hoping to dream of Brad, and going to college when she
returned to the States.

Continued in Day 2




Subject: Suzy's Honeymoon (Day 2) (F-Solo, M/F , M+/F, m+/F, Beast, NC, Humil,
                                   Rape, Bond, oral, TG_Dom, Exhib, )
Date: 1996/08/13




                   * Suzy's Honeymoon, Day Two *


"Wake up lover! It's time for your breakfast. Wake up!" Carla sang, as she
had the guards open the cell door and turn on the lights.

Suzy sprang up from her cot, and looked around in confusion. Carla laid the 
tray down on the bed beside her.

"I trust you slept well lover? We have a long day ahead of us." Carla
explained, as Suzy shook the sleep from her eyes, and attempted to comprehend
where she was.

She remembered the previous day as though it were a dream. She covertly
touched her crotch, to confirm it was all real. She was filled with a rubber
dildo, as deep as she could stand it, which verified that it had all really
happened.

"Brad? Where is Brad!" Suzy cried, as she felt isolation and fear overtake
her. "I want to talk to my husband. When are you going to let us speak to the
consulate?"

"You will not see your husband again before next Monday, he is being deported
today. You, however, will remain with us for another week, and will then be
deported next Monday. Until then, I suggest that you eat. Then I will assist
you in removing the dildo that is inside of you." Carla explained, nonchalantly
as she motioned for her to eat from the tray of fruit and juice.

"What am I going to do here for a week?" Suzy asked, as she picked up an apple
and nibbled on it, to satisfy her empty stomach.

"You will serve the state working off your crime. Most women offenders are
whored, but you have been chosen to work in this studio, because of your
desirable looks. We have so few blond women enter the penal system here in
Turkey." Carla explained, as Suzy stared wide eyed at her. 

"Whored! You mean prostituted?"

"Yes of course! But not you, The commandant has chosen you to do videos!"

"Videos of what?" she asked, as she dropped the apple onto the tray with
trembling hands.

"The same things that the whores do in the compound lover. Now if you are
finished eating, then you must get up, because I have much preparation to do
with you, before we begin shooting this afternoon." Carla said, reaching for
the plate and handed it to the guard behind her.

"Get up and bend over, and I will remove the dildo from your cunt." Carla
commanded, as she took Suzy's arm and pulled her up to her feet.

Suzy resisted a little, as Carla bent her over, and unbuckled the belt around
her crotch. The leather strap fell down exposing the round end of the pink
dildo protruding from her cunt. 

"Gentle please!" Suzy gasped, as Carla tugged at the object, making her sore
vagina sting in protest. "Oooh!" she groaned, when the fat head popped out of
her, leaving her with an odd, empty sensation. She thought sadly back as to
how yesterday she was still an innocent virgin. She had hoped that it would
have been so much nicer, than the humiliating ordeal of last night. Carla
guided her to the hole in the floor, that was obviously a toilet. She
remembered the warning in the tourist brochure, that warned against using
toilets outside of the resorts, due to the different designs. She realized
that she really had to go, so she squatted over the hole and bit the bullet,
as the three Turks watched her pee into the hole.

"Come now! I have scheduled you for three hours of training. The trainer will
be displeased with you, if I get you there late." Carla said, as she grabbed
Suzy and pulled her up.

Suzy found herself being led out of the cell, and through the cavernous
building. Along side multiple bedroom and dungeon sets, which made her tremble
in dread. Carla opened a large steel door, and led Suzy though it. She looked
around the room and shivered in fright. The room was half dungeon and half
doctor's office. A short bearded man with touches of gray, in his jet black
hair, turned and smiled at Carla.

"Is this the one that the commandant wishes trained?" he exclaimed, in Turkish,
to Carla, who was looking bored and impatient.

"Yes, have you received your instructions?"

"Of course, hormones, medications, oral technique, and vaginal stretching. Do
you know what the rush is?"

"The commandant wishes her to do a video with Maximilian this weekend. She is
being deported on Monday."

"Maximilian? Oh my! From virgin to Maximilian in one week! This will require
a great deal of training and medication."

"Spare nothing, the commandant expects to make a fortune with all of the
videos that she will be making."

"Of course, we still have all the tools that we used on that British
archeologist woman last year. I will have to set them up again."

"You can have her ready to offer oral sex by this afternoon? And of course,
she will need to be medicated."

"Of course, as you wish." Carl said, as Suzy stood there trembling, nearly in
tears, in front of him. He knew no English, so he would not be able to offer
her any comforting words. He settled for a comforting injection of a sedative,
while he set up his tools.

"Strap her down in the chair." he said, as he went to the medication cabinet
and drew a syringe.

The guard led Suzy to a chair similar to a dentist's chair and sat her down.
Suzy sat there trembling in submission, as the large guard secured her head,
waist, and ankles to the odd looking chair. 

"It is ok lover, my friend Carl is going to teach you all you need to know to
be a desirable woman." Carla explained softly, as Carl approached her with the
syringe.

The guard held her arm, and she felt the prick followed by the nauseous warmth
flowing through her. Like the day before, she vomited into a bucket held in
front of her by the guard. She felt her fear subside. When the man returned
with a second syringe, she watched in disjointed curiosity as he injected her
again. She watched Carl and Carla discuss something in Turkish, and then Carl 
reached down to grab something.

"OK lover, Carl wants to you suck on this penis! It's not real, but he says
that it's a stuffed pony's cock. You must keep it in your mouth at all times,
and imitate what the girls in the video do."

Suzy stared in confusion, until he lifted the tool up to her face and put it
in her hand. It was a leathery rod connected by a hose to a box on the floor.

"What am I supposed to do?" Suzy said in confusion.

Carla took hold of the stuffed penis and pushed it against Suzy's lips, and
motioned for her to watch the video monitor, that Carl had just set up beside
her. Suzy stared in disgust, as the woman on the screen sucked a man's cock,
as though it were a lollipop.

"No!" She exclaimed in revulsion. She sealed her lips and tried to throw the
rod away. "Hey! Don't! No!" Suzy cried, as Carl spread her legs, and pressed
the tip of another dildo up against her sex.

She stared down at the thick greased rod in horror. It had wires running from
its end, and the size of it made her tremble, despite the drugs. It was at
least an inch longer, and even thicker than the rod she had been forced to
sleep with inside of her the night before.

"NOOO!" she cried, as Carl thrust the greased tool into her pussy and slowly
worked it back and forth. "Stop him please!" she begged Carla, as the rod
prodded her insides. "Oh no!!" Suzy groaned, as Carl slowly pushed the dildo
into her, and secured it in place with her chastity belt.

"You must obey Carl, or you will receive a shock!" Carla explained, as Carl
attached electrodes to each side of her nipples. 

"AHHHHHHHH!" she cried out in pain, as Carl pushed the button to give her a
taste of the discipline. Suzy felt her nipples erupt in virtual fire, as the
current raced through her tender areolas. "Please stop!!!!" she begged, as he
continued to give her small zaps. Carla pulled the stuffed penis up to Suzy's
mouth and put it in her hand, while motioning to the video screen. "No please!
... Ahhhhhhhhhhh!" she cried in pain, as another shock went through her
nipples. She sucked the leathery tool into her mouth, and stared at the
monitor, in order to emulate the girl on the screen.

"She learns quickly with the right motivation." Carl said with satisfaction,
as he watched the readings on the box attached to the artificial penis. He
slid a vibrator under her chastity belt and positioned it right over her clit.
He hooked the wires from the vibrating dildo and the clit vibrator into the
same box that the stuffed penis was hooked into. He adjusted a knob on the box
to provide her with a mild clitoral vibration, which intensified as she sucked
harder on the stuffed penis.

"Will it correct her, if she touches it with her teeth?" Carla asked, with
curiosity.

"Of course, watch." Carl chuckled, as he pushed up on Suzy's chin forcing her
to bite the penis. She jerked violently in the chair, trying to get free of
the nipple wrenching voltage anodes. Carla smiled in a masochistic way.

"Do you understand this lesson lover?" Carla asked, patting Suzy on the
shoulder gently. Suzy looked up at her with wide fearful eyes, and nodded her
head in agreement. "Suck the penis, and you will be rewarded, bite it or stop
sucking, and you will be punished. The last woman to receive this lesson
enjoyed herself immensely, after she learned how to suck a cock. Now I will
leave you here with Carl, for the remainder of the morning. Enjoy." Carla said,
as she blew Suzy a kiss.

Suzy watched the transsexual walk out the door, and then she heard the man say
something to her in Turkish, as the dildo in her vagina began vibrating
violently inside of her, rattling her crotch area terribly. Suzy felt a
burning against her nipple and realized that she had stopped sucking the shaft.
She began to suckle it again and the burning ceased. She watched the video of
the woman giving the man oral sex, and tried to mimic each move and slurp.
Within five minutes, she felt herself becoming oddly hot. She cursed herself,
as she felt herself approaching an orgasm. As it hit her, she sucked the dildo
harder, and felt the vibrator on her clit buzz stronger, sending her nearly
into unconsciousness. Carl monitored the equipment for a few minutes, before
leaving her to watch the video, and practice the fine art of cock sucking. 

3 hours later.....

"Oh my, she has improved!" Carla announced, as she stepped into the room and
stared at Suzy grinding her hips and sucking the dildo wildly.

"She has learned well. I had some difficulty when I started to have the penis
erupt into her mouth. She fought hard to spit it out and stop. It took her
some time to begin drinking it, or to at least let it drool from her mouth
without her stopping sucking on it."

"Real semen? The commandant wants her to be ready this afternoon, does she
know what real semen is yet? I cannot have her spitting it up on camera."
Carla said, with some worry.

"Of course, I sent to the whore house for last nights soiled condoms. There is
still half a liter remaining, but I don't think she can drink any more, she
has already had nearly a liter. She may not eat much lunch, because she has
swallowed so much."

"Well I must get her ready for the video shoot. It will be her first time on
camera with her new skills. Will the hormones you injected her with this
morning last until this evening?"

"At least, she was given a huge dose. You can take her now, she is yours, I
must go eat." Carl said, waving goodbye to Carla. She turned off the machine
and unbuckled Suzy from the contraption. Suzy climbed off on shaky legs, and
balanced herself against the wall. Carla removed the dildo from her vagina,
and watched as Suzy hobbled around the room with bowed legs.

"You enjoyed that dummy cock did you? I will take you to work now, and you
will get to suck on some real cocks, and of course drink all of their cum."

"What? I can't." Suzy said, realizing what she had done. "Brad is my husband
now and I can't cheat on him!" she whimpered, with guilt over her last three
hours of selfish pleasure.

"It is not your decision. I am telling you what you will do. Now let us get
you to the set, I have some lunch waiting for you, and we shoot within the
hour."

Suzy watched the guard step in, and escort her into the vaulted building, to
a bedroom set. She ate a plate of fruit sitting on a table, while letting an
old frail Turkish woman dress her, and apply her make up at a dressing table.
Half an hour later, Suzy felt different, and more womanly again. She was
dressed in a short red dress, with expensive silk stockings and high heeled
shoes. The bra and panties that she wore were modest, and she thought that the
entire outfit was not overly sexy or sluttish, as she had expected. She
wondered now what Carla had meant about a sex movie, perhaps she meant a love
story?

"Are you ready? The man you will co-star with is right there, his name is
Armando. Let me introduce you." Carla said with a smile, as she led Suzy over
to the dark athletic man having his hair combed. He watched them approach,
ignoring Carla, as he stared eagerly at Suzy.

"Armando, this is Suzy. She will be staring with you in this movie. You must
teach her, and be patient with her, as this is her first movie."

"My dear, I will take wonderful care of you. It promises to be a remarkable
filming." Armando said, in his broken English, with a heavy Italian accent. 

"My pleasure." Suzy whispered nervously, realizing how horny she was now. She
quickly looked down at the floor, to conceal her guilty lust. Armando was
easily as well built as Brad was, and he had the same dark romantic looks. She
realized that if she was going to be forced into this, she could easily close
her eyes and pretend that this man was Brad.

"Come my dear, let us make an incredible video. The people will go wild seeing
you make love to me." Armando said, taking her hand and leading her to the bed.

Suzy stopped a foot from the bed, finally realizing that this was going to be
filmed. She froze in fear, at the thought of being seen by others having sex.
Armando tugged gently at her hand, to pull her down onto the bed beside him,
but she flinched, and turned away from him.

"Come to me and suck my cock Suzy." he said provocatively to her.

"I can't do this." Suzy said, as she felt herself become nauseous, just from
the thought of doing this with a stranger, in front of many other strangers.

"You can and you will! Now do as he says!" Carla said, as she came up behind
Suzy, and pushed an electrical prod into her ribs, then firing it into the
poor young wife. "Don't make me punish you. Remember, you are just a prisoner
here and that this is part of your punishment for your crimes against my
country."

"Please! AHHHHHHHHHH!" Suzy screamed in agony, as a jolt of electricity shot
from the prod, and made her jump. She looked back at Carla in fear, and
desperation. Tears welled up in her eyes. Her nausea transformed into fright.
Armando tugged at her hand and she fell onto the bed next to him.

"Oh you are a sexy little bitch!" he exclaimed, as he laid her back, and began
to caress her tits and hips. Suzy closed her eyes, as she felt him begin to 
kiss her. She just laid there, still without responding, and allowed the man
to have his way with her. He began to slowly work the pretty clothes that she
had been given to wear, free from her body.

"Suzy! ... Tell him that you love him and fondle his cock now." Carla ordered,
from behind the view of the camera.

"No.. I can't!" Suzy cried, as Armando pulled her dress open, and began to
pinch her nipples through her bra.

"Do it!" Carla demanded harshly.

"I love you." Suzy said, bursting out in tears, to show her repulsion of the
act that she was being forced to do. Carla waved her hand at the camera man,
and stomped over to Suzy, who was laying limply on the bed beside Armando.

"That was pitiful!" Carla hissed, as she poked the prod into Suzy's side and
gave her a long jolt. Suzy jerked around in pain, and began to weep into the
blanket on the bed. "You will start fondling his cock right now, and I want
you to suck it, just like you sucked that stuffed prick this morning!" 

"Come now little one. Dry your eyes and let us get to the dirty work."
Armando said, as he unzipped his fly, releasing his cock and pulled Suzy's
head down towards his rod.

She held back the tears, and followed the instructions, fearful of getting
another jolting shock. Armando laid back on the bed, as she kneeled beside him
to suck on his rod. She gasped at the size of his organ, it was as large as
that awful rod that she had stuffed inside of her that very morning, bigger
even than her husband Brad's cock. He pulled her head down, and pushed his
cock into her mouth. She accepted his prick, and pretended that it was Brad's.
Carla smiled, as Armando masterfully saved the scene, by doing most of the
work himself. Suzy obeyed, but after the video was edited, it would certainly
look like she was doing all of the work.

"My arms are getting tired, perhaps we should fuck now?" Armando said smiling,
as he pumped her head up and down on his cock with his hands.

"Yes! Do something Armando! The bitch looks dead. See if you can liven her up
some." Carla said, in disappointment. She wondered if the hormones that Carl
had given her were still effective.

"Roll onto your back, my little slut, and get ready to receive Armando's tool."
he said, as he laid her down, positioning her in the missionary style.

Suzy closed her eyes, and slopped around, as though drunk. Carla sighed, in
disappointment at the scene. Suzy looked totally inanimate under Armando. She
felt him lay down on her, and push his cock against her cunt. She didn't even
move when she felt his huge prick head slip into her slit, and slowly enter
her. He was big, and she held her breath, as he filled her, but she promised
herself not to show any outward signs of enjoyment of the act, that she was
being forced to perform. Armando began grunting and mauling her breasts, as he
pounded into her. Suzy felt her crotch betraying her, each time his cock
thrust into her, and rubbed his hairy crotch against her clit. 

"Good Armando. That's it!" Carla applauded, as she saw Suzy biting her lip and
clinching the bed spread. She stared at the second camera man, and made sure
that he was getting a close up of her reaction. Armando pumped her another
five minutes, and Carla was sure that Suzy had a small orgasm, that she could
dub over and make look presentable.

"Dog position Armando, we must film her face now that she is responding."
Carla said in Turkish, so that Suzy did not catch on.

Armando climbed up from Suzy and rolled her over. Suzy laid limply and allowed
him to pull her rear end up into the air. She was caught off guard when he
entered her from behind, and forced his thick rod deep inside of her. She felt
his hands exploring her round buttocks and caressing her backside mercilessly.
She bit her lip, as he reached under her and rubbed her clit with his fingers,
in time with his deep thrusts. Carla motioned the camera in and he filmed the
tortured expressions that Suzy had fought to hide. He pounded her for another
fifteen minutes, and Carla counted two strained orgasms, in her flinching eyes.
'Perhaps the hormones that Carl had injected her with were working after all.'
she thought to herself.

"I'm cuming in you now, my bitch!" Armando cried loudly, as he gave the camera
man a thumbs up.

Suzy didn't feel anything squirt into her, like she had feared, but she did
feel him spin her around, and then slap his cock against her cheek, just as
the first squirt spilled from his cock. She opened her eyes for the first time
in surprise, and was greeted by him thrusting his prick between her lips. He
stood there and stroked the rest of his cum into her mouth, and she drank it
all to keep from showing it on her face. She was surprised that it tasted the
same, as the salty milk they had made her drink that morning.

"Good Armando, now Suzy take his cock into your hand and stroke it, while you
suck on it!" Carla commanded, as she thrust the prod into her back. Suzy
flinched in fear, and responded immediately to her demand. She took his prick
in her hand and stroked it, like she had done to the stuffed penis that
morning. She felt Carla prodding her impatiently, so she put her act into high
gear, stroking it faster and sucked the shrinking rod deep into her mouth. She
felt something on her cheek and hand, and when she opened her eyes she saw the
camera man was squirting a thick milky liquid on her hand and cheek, with a
small squeeze bottle. Carla prodded her, and she continued stroking and sucking
for another five minutes, until Armando's cock was so limp that there was no
use in continuing.

"Good! That should do for now boys! Suzy, you have much to learn!" Carla said,
as the lights around the bed were shut off.

"Let me up now! Please let me up." Suzy whimpered, as she felt herself
becoming very sad again. She looked at her hand and realized she still wore
her wedding ring. Brad had saved up for three months to buy it, and now the
large diamond was covered in another man's cum. She began to cry, as Armando
and the camera men walked away laughing.

"The guard will show you to your cell until the next shoot." Carla said, as
she waved the guard over to Suzy, and walked off to deliver the tapes to the
editor.

"Ralph, here they are." Carla said, as she dumped the box of tapes onto his
console.

"How did it go Carla?" he asked, as he loaded the tapes into the editors for
review.

"She was disobedient, and I don't think that the hormones are working properly.
She fought every move Armando made with her." Carla said, with frustration.

"The commandant will not be happy." Ralph said, as he shook his head.

Armando and a large Turkish woman stepped up to the editing console, and took
a seat. As Carla walked away to take a afternoon break, she heard Armando and
the woman dubbing in all the groans and grunts missed in the first tapping.

Suzy lay on the cot in her cell, and fell into a state of misery. She felt
guilty for the orgasms that she had under the athletic Italian. She wondered
why she could have more orgasms in one unwanted episode with a stranger, than
she had felt in all of her life prior to getting married. She had not even had
an orgasm with Brad yet, but at least he had one with her, before they
separated them.

"Get Up! The commandant was not happy with the video that you made, so now
your cooperation is not necessary!" Carla commanded, from outside her cell.

Suzy heard the latch opening, and she lifted her head to see what was going on.
Carla was dressed in a black leather teddy, high heels, and carrying a whip.
Suzy had seen outfits like that in music videos, but never thought they were
real. The door swung open and Carla stepped in, looking very angry.

"I said get up from that bed!" Carla repeated.

*Snap!* Suzy jumped up in fear, as the whip came down on her back side.

"Why are you doing this to me?" Suzy complained, as Carla spun her around and
pulled her hands together. The guard handcuffed her, and she was led from the
cell.

"It is too late for complaints now lover. The next time we ask you to fuck
Armando, we expect you to fuck him with joy, not sadness. This will simply
be an example of what happens when you resist us, and don't do as we ask. Now
shut up!" she said as she pushed Suzy forward. Suzy whimpered in new fear. She
was led from the cell block and onto a set that looked like a night club.
There were five cameras, and the lights were just being turned on to make it
look like a disco.

"Get on your knees!" Carla demanded, and by pushing her onto her knees, got
her cooperation.

A man approached, and helped Carla slip a spreader bar between Suzy's knees.
Another, even wider spreader bar was placed between her ankles. The guard
released her hands, and they forced her wrists into a small spreader bar
attached to the ones on her knees. Two bars were added between her elbows and
her thighs, effectively forcing her into a doggy position, with her ass up
high in the air, while her legs were spread wide to receive all comers.

"Crawl Bitch!" Carla ordered.

Suzy was humiliated, and nearly in tears, but when she felt the crack of the
whip on her ass cheeks, she quickly responded. She pulled her hands forward,
which pulled her knees forward in unison. She found that she was able to scoot
along the floor awkwardly in the restraints. Carla looked at the restraints
proudly, and then looked to the script, to read the scene over again.

"Get some make up on her, make her look like she was just picked up off the
street!" Carla barked to the make up woman.

She read the script and began counting the other players. The scene called for
twenty five young boys, ten adults, and a dog. She thought that this video
would surely never be sold in Suzy's native America. As soon as the make up
woman finished covering Suzy's tear streaks, and tossed her hair back into
shape, Carla called the players together.

"Come on now boys, get ready. You have all read the script. We will be
recording with sound, so I will not say much, do what comes naturally. Boys
first, then the men, and finally the dog! Action!"

"Hey! Please stop this! I'm sorry." Suzy sobbed in humiliation, as she watched
the crowd of men take their places around the set, to pretend that it was
really a bar. She heard the music raise in volume, and the lights began to
flash on the dance floor.

"Move Dog! Onto the Dance floor!" Carla ordered her, and followed it up with a
slap of the whip. Suzy looked around nervously and saw at least thirty men and
six cameras following her struggle to crawl in the device to which she was
hooked up in.

"Move!" Carla commanded.

Suzy crawled to the middle of the dance floor, and Carla stood in back of her.
She announced something in French, to the men watching and staring at her.
Suzy watched in horror, as a young boy of hardly twelve years old stood up and
walked out onto the stage. He smiled and barked something in Turkish at her.
She was soon appalled to see him drop his pants in front of her, and thrust
his prick into her face.

"Suck him doggie!" Carla commanded.

Suzy stared in humiliation at the boy's immature penis, and his lack of pubic
hair. He took her forehead and held her, then thrust his cock into her mouth.
Suzy responded with lack of response. The boy pushed his small cock in and out
of her wide open mouth, without making contact with her lips.

"I said suck him Dog!" Carla shouted at her, and brought the whip down hard on
her back.

Suzy felt the stinging ache overcome her inhibitions, and she wrapped her lips
around his finger sized tool. He fucked her face to the jeers and cheers of
the audience for at least five minutes. Suzy watched him stand up, and to her
horror, there was a line of other boys standing behind him, with their drawers
already dropped, waiting for their turn at her. Another boy knelt before her,
and put his cock where the other boy's had been just a minute ago. She suckled
it a moment, before feeling a strange hand take a hold of her hips, and pull
her back. She was unable to look back, because of the cock in her mouth, but
she felt a thin little tool slip into her pussy, quickly and harshly. She felt
the tiny thrusting of the boy pumping her wildly from behind, while the boy in
her mouth pushed his cock in and out of her frantically. A moment later she
heard a shout, and a grunt followed, by frantic wet thrusts into her cunt. She
cringed at the thought of another load of semen spilling into her fertile
vagina. Her peak period of fertility was due in a week.

"Keep the line moving!" Carla commanded, as the line of boys began to a laugh
and cheer. The boy behind Suzy walked off laughing, while the boy she had been
sucking took his place. She found another young cock pressed between her lips,
and a smack on the back with the whip. The boy behind her pulled her back onto
his dick, as he slipped into her easily, from the added lubrication from the
cum of the boy before him. He lasted just a minute, before dumping his load
into her pussy with a cheer from the crowd. Suzy thought about her ending up
pregnant, and began to look at the faces of the boys, as they took their turns
with her. She looked at the faces and the bodies, and tried to decide if the
child that she would bare would be handsome. She doubted if she would ever
locate the father when this ordeal was over.

Twenty five boys later, she saw no one else in the line, and thanked god that
the ordeal was nearly over. After she had sucked the last tiny cock and felt
him run around behind her, to pump his load into her pussy. He pulled out
quickly and she felt the cum begin to seep from her crevice.

"Very good Dog! That was twenty five boys! Now for the men!" Carla teased, as
she brought the whip down lightly on Suzy's behind.

Suzy looked up to see ten large men stripping around her, to bare their cocks.
The first one undressed came up to her, and pressed his cock into her mouth.
Suzy was beyond resisting now, and only wanted to get this over with, so that
she could return to her cell. The man let Suzy suck him, until he was stiff,
then he stepped behind her and mounted her.

"Please stop. I've learned my lesson." Suzy cried quickly, before the dark man
in front of her stuffed her mouth full again.

Carla gave her a stroke of the whip for good measure. The man behind her
pushed the head of his cock up against her drooling vagina, and just pushed
the head in. Suzy bucked in response, and he drove into her all the way. "Uhm!
Uhm!" she grumbled, as she felt the adult sized cock fill her up. She tried to
move in the harness, but there was no freedom for her. The man held her hips
steady, and began to pound into her like she were a whore. Fucking her just to
make himself cum inside of her.

The man fucking her shouted something to the man fucking her mouth, and they
laughed loudly together. Suzy felt him poke her insides, as he drove into her
deeply, then she felt the horrible warm gush of wetness in her womb. She
thought to herself that her first child would be dark haired and thin, like
all of the men in this room today. The man shouted to the others, and they all
laughed. The line moved forward and Suzy watched another man stick his cock
into her mouth, while another cock slipped easily into her vagina. She closed
her eyes and waited until the warm gush wet her womb again, and the next man
took his place. She tried to keep track of the faces and their looks, but by
the time the last man stepped around to fuck her, she had lost track. She had
never expected to have this much sex in one day in her entire life up until
then, and the thought of getting pregnant after so many different partners
made her ill. Her vagina was nearly numb from the constant reaming it had
received in the last hour, and she was happy that there were was no one else
to fuck her, after the man finally spewed his warm seed inside her.

She opened her eyes and looked around the set. Carla was sitting on a stool,
watching while the thirty or so men and boys sat at tables watching the show.
The cameras surrounding her came in for a close up, and filmed her pussy for
an embarrassing long time, while she was unable to hide from its all seeing
eye.

Carla stood up and approached Suzy's position kneeling on the floor and weary.
She made a speech to the men, and they all cheered. Suzy thought she would be
released now, and allowed to cry out in her shame in her cell, but Carla
didn't release her.

"Let me up now, please. I'm tired. You've punished me. Please let me go." she
begged, as the crowd of men continued to jeer her and laugh.

"You are not finished yet lover, there is one more cock that you need to
service." Carla teased.

Suzy looked behind her, and watched as Carla walked over and took a large dog
by its chain, and led it into the stage.

"No! Get that dog away! OH GOD PLEASE DON'T!" Suzy screamed, as she watched
Carla lead the dog up to her. The animal immediately sniffed her crotch, and
began pacing around her menacingly. Suzy cried loudly, hoping to make it go
away, and even tried to crawl away herself.

"Come now lover, the little four legged boy wants his turn." Carla teased.

Suzy felt her heart pounding harder than ever now, and was terrified that the
filthy animal might actually fuck her. She tried to crawl off the stage and
into the crowd of chairs and tables, but was met by a wall of men, who now
stood up and penned her in on the dance floor area.

"No! I'm begging you! I'll do everything you ask. Just let me up!" Suzy begged,
only to be laughed at by Carla and the men.

The animal stopped pacing around her now, and began to sniff her rear. She
felt its tongue licking her private area, and she screamed. Carla pulled on
the dogs leash, and Suzy felt him rear up and place his paws on her back. The
animal was huge, and heavy. She was pinned to the floor by his weight, and
couldn't crawl any more. She began crying for mercy, hoping that Carla was
simply tormenting her.

"Lover, it's time." Carla giggled at her, as she pushed the dog down onto her.

The dogs massive forelegs clamped around her waist, and she felt it's claws
digging into her belly, as he pushed his crotch against hers. His cock slid
out from his sheath, and Suzy began to scream in fear of being raped by the
dog. Carla reached under Suzy's crotch, took the animal's prick, and pressed
its head against her cunt. Suzy froze in fear, as the dog thrust forward,
pushing its cock through Carla's hand, and into her vagina. Carla let the dog
stroke through her hand for a moment, to make sure that Suzy could accept its
girth. Then she released it, and the animal plunged all of the way into her.
Suzy was frozen to the floor. Only her face betrayed her emotions, as she
winced each time that the dog plunged into her. She started to count to
herself, hoping that it would all be over soon, so that she could open her
eyes and cry. She reached a hundred, and she was starting to gasp along with
the animal's strokes. The head of its cock was ballooning up inside of her,
and she felt its huge head bouncing off of her cervix.

Suzy counted to two hundred. She thought that she would be unable to take
another second of this vile and vicious pounding. The animal's prick was huge,
and each stroke made her cunt stretch in unnatural ways. The dog was pistoning
inside of her, like nothing that she had ever seen or felt before. He pounded
her faster and deeper than every man who had taken a turn with her in the last
hour. When she reached two hundred and fifty one, she felt the animal clamp
itself to her, and spurt its hot semen into her womb. He pumped her another
twenty seconds or so, and she cried out each time he jabbed her depths and
gushed into her. When he was done, she expected that it would be over, but he
remained on and in her.

"Get him off of me, please!" she begged.

"Remain still lover, you're much too tight to release his cock just now.
Just relax and feel his cum filling you. He won't make you pregnant like the
others might." Carla said, smiling as she stepped behind the cameras, as they
came in close, to watch Suzy's seeping pussy, and strained expression.

Suzy continued counting hoping the animal would finally release her. When she
reached four hundred and ten, it felt small enough inside of her to slide free.
She prayed that it would leave her soon. By four hundred and forty five the
animal finally pulled back, and flopped its cock free of her. Suzy felt the
blessed freedom in her vagina, then she felt the horrible feeling of all of
the semen dribbling out from her pussy, down her thighs and onto the floor.
She opened her eyes and looked around to see all of the cameras focused on her.
One of the cameras was directly in front of her face, capturing her every
expression. She began to weep, as the tears of humiliation dribbled from her
eyes.

"Very good lover, you did well. I expect that you will be more eager the next
time that I ask you to beg for your leading man's cock?" Carla said, as she
began releasing the straps that held Suzy to the spreader bars.

"I'll do everything you ask. I promise. Just don't do that to me again...
please!" Suzy sobbed, as she pulled her tired body up from the bars, that had
held her captive over the last several hours.

Carla and the guard escorted her back to her cell, and let her relieve herself,
before applying the medicated cream to a large dildo, and inserting it into
her cunt. Suzy remained quiet, even though the length and girth were as wide
as anything that she had been asked to accept that day. When they latched the
chastity belt shut, and turned off the lights for the night, Suzy simply
sobbed to herself, and dreamed of her husband.

3 p.m. that afternoon.

Brad arrived in Washington tired, and in shock over the previous day's events.
He had every intention of calling his lawyer, calling the state department,
and calling the police. The nagging question that secured his silence for now
was what the video tape contained. Before being driven to the airport and
placed on the plane, he was given release papers, a video tape, and a note.
The note simple stated that he should remain quiet, and not involve his
government, lest this video tape be released to his family and co-workers. The
assurance that Suzy would arrive in America with next Monday's flight made him
wonder why. He took a taxi to the new apartment he had expected to share with
his wife, and pondered what the tape contained.

Continued....




Subject:      Suzy's Honeymoon (Day 3) (F-solo, NC, Humil, Exhib, Toys, Bond, TG_Dom,
                                        Piercing, Tattoos)
Date:         1997/01/17



                        * Suzy's Honeymoon, Day Three *


The next morning Suzy was awakened by the guard, and escorted to the cafeteria
for breakfast. She was permitted a modest robe to cover herself with, and felt
slightly more human by the gesture. Afterwards the guard led her back to the
same room in the studio, which she had been taken to the previous morning, the
room containing the dentist's chair. Carl and Carla were waiting for her when
she stepped into the room.

"Good morning lover, The commandant loved your video from last night. We
edited it, and are putting the finishing touches on it now. It is one of the
best rape scenes we have ever filmed here. If you like we can do more of them,
or ... you can do as we ask." Carla announced cheerfully.

"Anything. Just don't force me to do what you did to me last night." Suzy said,
grimacing at her recollection of the previous night. Carla set her down in the
chair, and Carl gave her another shot of the mystery drug that they had been
giving her daily. Once again she felt nauseous and vomited into a pail, before
feeling perfectly fine and well.

"Now my lover, we are going to give you a make over. The commandant believes
that you look too innocent to be in these movies, so we shall see what we can
do." Carla said, as she removed Suzy's gown, leaving her naked in the chair.
"First a new style for your hair, and then a perhaps some new clothes."

"OK. Anything you want, as long as I can leave in the clothes that I arrived
in." Suzy said dumbly.

A woman entered to do her hair. Suzy passively laid back and allowed her to do
her work. She closed her eyes, and enjoyed the erotic warmth that she felt
after the shot. She dreamed of Brad, and the home that they were buying in the
States. She didn't even notice that the woman was shaving half of her head,
and dying orange streaks through what was left.

"Lay still lover, and we'll give you some new earrings now." Carla explained,
as she swabbed Suzy's ear with something that numbed her skin.

Suzy thought that another earring would do no harm, as long as she could let
it close up when she returned home to Brad. She fell away in her dream and
therefore didn't feel Carl swabbing the Novocain on her nipples either. When
the needle gun pierced her flesh, she flinched, but the drugs kept her sedated
deep enough to not understand that both of her nipples now wore large rings,
and that her ears were pierced all the way up, with a dozen rings. She felt
the wetness of the swab on her arm, but forgot about it once the feeling
disappeared from her skin. An hour later, she sported a large red and black
tattoo of a Nazi Swastika on her upper arm, a rose tattoo on her left breast,
and a dog with an enormous hard-on sprawled above her now hairless pubic area.
Her nails here painted black, and lastly her nose had been pierced as well.
She dreamed through the entire make over, and when Carla finally brought her
back to reality, she was smiling in a numb, dazed sort of way.

Suzy stood up and looked into the mirror, but did not recognize the person
staring back at her. In the mirror was a punk from the movies, with half of
her head shaved, and the other half had orange and blond hair. A nose ring
through her nose, and a dozen earrings hanging from each of her ears. From her
nipples dangled huge gold rings, and the tattoos were lewd and obscene.

"What have you done to me?" Suzy whimpered, as she realized what had happened,
she reached up and tugged at the nipple rings expecting them to just fall off.
Her numb tit hid the pain that she would have felt from yanking her nipples so
harshly, so soon after being pierced. "Take it off! Take all of it off!" she
cried, as she reached up to pull the ring from her nose.

"Are you being disobedient, so quickly after your last punishment?" Carla
asked, in amused frustration. Suzy stopped tugging at the ring in her nose,
and looked fearfully at Carla.

"Nooo!" Suzy sobbed, "But, how can I go home looking like this?" as she ran
her hands through what was left of her hair, and the right side of her skull,
now bald.

"Please be cooperative lover, we will get you a wig to wear until your hair
grows back. No one will know, if you are careful that is. Now sit back down.
You have hours of training to go through, prior to the first filming tomorrow."

Suzy held her decorated breasts in her hands, as she sat back down in the
chair. Carl and Carla strapped her head and waist to the chair, and handed her
the stuffed prick from the previous day. She thought of the erotic fantasies
that she had, while she was forced to watch the dirty movies, so she did
little to resist, while they prepared her for another morning of training.

"How does your pussy feel? Does it hurt to have the dildo inside you all of
the time?" Carla translated for Carl, as he removed the straps on her chastity
belt, and pulled the rubber rod slowly out.

"Sometimes, mostly it just feels really big and makes me a little sore." she
whimpered softly, as the large rod was removed from her channel.

"That will go away. Until then, we will use this creme to alleviate your
discomfort." Carla said, as Carl squeezed some greasy cream out of a tube, and
applied it to an enormous dildo, the largest yet. Suzy wondered why they were
doing this to her, no man could have a penis that large. She grunted in
discomfort, as the tip of the rod pressed into her cunt. It was almost as
wide as a soda can. She held her breath, as tears of pain streamed down her
cheeks, as he rode the shaft into her. It was at least eight inches long.

"Stop.... It's too Big! It's hurting me!" Suzy gasped, as she felt the rod
prodding her insides, as the doctor tried to shove the remaining inch into
her.

"Relax, it will fit lover. Eventually you will come to like it." Carla cooed
comfortingly, as Carl pushed the rod as far into her as he could, and then
pulled her chastity belt up over it to hold it in. The rod still protruded out
about an inch from her sex, but the belt held it tightly in place. Suzy's
breasts were still numb from the Novocain, so Carl had to place the shock
electrodes on her buttocks.

"AHHH! STOP!" Suzy screamed the second she felt the tingling around the pads
on her butt erupt into a stinging, tormenting fire.

"You understand the punishment for not sucking or for using your teeth?"
Carla explained, and Suzy nodded in agreement.

She guided the prick into Suzy's mouth, and she started to suckle on it like
the previous day. Carl looked at the box and noted the vacuum pressure that
she was applying to the head of the penis, and set the shock alarm to go off
when her sucking stopped. Carl placed a vibrator on top of Suzy's clit, and
taped it into place. Suzy groaned the moment that it was switched on. She
remembered that the harder she sucked the thing in her mouth, the harder the
vibrator would buzz on her sex.

"Carl, I must go and prepare for this afternoon. You have the proper videos to
show her, so I will return in an hour, to enrich her vocabulary." Carla said,
smiling to the man in the lab coat as she walked out.

Suzy watched her go, and Carl left her alone to watch the video. She stared in
fascination, as the couple made love and shared their bodies. She would have
thought the video obscene days earlier, but now she somehow understood it all.
She sucked the rod in her mouth hard and felt the rising tremors of the
vibrator causing her clit to stiffen with desire. Within minutes she felt
herself able to climax, so she pushed herself to the edge, and felt the
shudders of pleasure curse through her body, as she sucked the stuffed penis
vigorously.

An hour later...

"Carl, I do think that the hormones have begun to work on her." Carla chuckled,
as she stepped into the room, watching Suzy grinding her hips and holding the
stuffed horse cock with both hands. She had apparently had trouble, as she had
dribbled a great deal from her mouth onto her chest.

"She is learning quickly Carla. I have had to send for more soiled condoms to
fill the pump with. She keeps the machine running so hard, that it is pumping
almost constantly." Carl said, as he checked the glass tube on the instrument
box, which held the supply of semen.

"She appears to have spit up most of it." Carla said, as she ran her finger
across Suzy's glistening wet breasts.

"Oh yes, that was a mistake. She sucked so hard that she jammed the machine,
and it wouldn't shut off. It just kept pumping the semen into her mouth, until
she began to gag for air. By the time I reached her, she was trading
correctional shocks for gulps of air."

"She has stretched a great deal in the last hour." Carla grinned, as she
pointed at Suzy's crotch. The dildo that had been jutting out an inch from her
cunt an hour ago, was now firmly embedded inside of her cunt. "You can set the
machine to manual, I will be teaching her to talk dirty for the next hour."
Carla chuckled, as she touched the eject button on the video recorder, which
quickly got Suzy's attention.

She looked up at her with wide tired eyes, afraid to stop sucking on the dildo.
Carla switched to English and said, "It's all right lover, the machine is
turned off. I will control the corrections now, not you."

"I don't care anymore." Suzy whimpered softly, as she dropped the dildo down
beside her and reached down to her vagina. She pressed the silent vibrator
back and forth on her clitoris seeking to scratch her itch.

"Good." Carla smiled, as she put in another video tape and turned it on.

Suzy stared at the monitor and watched as two women and a man made love.

"Repeat after me, 'OH YES! FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARD!'" Carla groaned loudly, and
passionately, as she stared at Suzy.

Suzy stared back at her with embarrassment for a moment, until Carla turned on
the vibrator on her clitoris. Suzy closed her eyes, smiled, and groaned a bit.

"Oh yes. Fuck me. Fuck me hard." Suzy groaned drunkenly, near laughter. She
held the vibrator still with her hand, as she ground her hips beneath.

"Now say this, 'I WANT YOU TO CUM IN MY MOUTH! PLEASE CUM IN MY MOUTH!'"
Carla groaned loudly.

Suzy opened her eyes, and looked away with shame. Carla frowned and turned up
the speed of the vibrator and pressed it down on Suzy's clit. Suzy looked up
in pleasure, and groaned in satisfaction. "Say it lover, remember our bargain."

"I want you to cum in my mouth. please." Suzy said softly.

Carla smiled and said, "Good girl. Now say it like you mean it." turning the
speed of the vibrator down.

An hour later.

"Yes! Yes! Fuck me with your big cock! Give it to me!!!" Suzy shouted out in
lust, as she ground her hips against the vibrator. Her eyes were focused on
the smut movie being shown on the television. Carla sat beside her, guiding
her words, and rewarding her with blasts from the vibrator.

"Very good lover!" Carla chuckled, as she glanced at her watch. "I think that
is enough for now. I have a special treat for you, as a reward for your
cooperation.

She turned off the vibrator, and Suzy looked at her with disappointment. Suzy
was glistening in sweat, and the semen she spit up earlier had gelled on her
chest. Her new tattoos and piercings were puffy and red. Carla wondered if she
would be presentable by tomorrow. Carla released all of the straps holding
Suzy to the chair and helped her up. Suzy stood with weak knees.

"Follow me lover, I have a surprise for you." Carla teased, as she motioned
for Suzy to follow her. The guard fell in behind Suzy, and followed the bow
legged girl and her trainer into the mansion.

"Where are we going?" Suzy inquired, as she was led from the concrete floors
of the studio, into the plush carpet of the mansion. She was naked and filthy.
She felt the shame that had mercifully absent return, when they walked past
a maid dusting the paintings in the hall. Suzy thought that she heard the
woman cuss at her, for walking on her carpet.

"Right here." Carla smiled, as she opened the door to a private bedroom in the
mansion. "You may bathe and freshen up, until later this afternoon. The maid
will deliver your lunch in a short while."

Suzy looked around the gloriously furnished room, and smiled in gratitude.
"Oh thank you." she exclaimed, as she stepped into the room and walked towards
the bathroom. She looked in and saw a large bath tub and a real toilet.
Looking down at the belt that she wore around her crotch, she looked with
pleading eyes at Carla. "Can you remove this thing?" she whimpered softly to
Carla.

"Come here." Carla said grinning.

She sat Suzy down on the bed and unlocked the belt. The dildo slipped slowly
from her pussy, and popped out onto the floor. Suzy heard the door creak wide
open, and she was shocked to see the maid pushing a cart of food into the room.
She quickly pulled her legs together, to hide her sex from the strange woman.

"Good, your food has arrived. I will leave you until this afternoon. If the
movies get your worked up, you can use these to relieve yourself. There are
more in the drawers if you wish." Carla said, as she opened the night stand
drawer, and emptied it onto the bed.

A pile of vibrators and dildos flopped out into the middle of the beautiful 
Victorian bed. Carla walked to the door, and waved goodbye to Suzy, who was 
staring in bewilderment at the pile of toys on the bed.

"The guard will be outside the door, if you require any assistance. I will see
you later this afternoon." 

Suzy watched Carla close the door. She stood up and felt her crotch. The
phantom feeling of a dildo still inside of her haunted her. She immediately
used the toilet, while she ate the sandwich from the food cart. As she drew
her bath, she examined her new body in the mirror. She realized why she was
being given a rest. She looked frightful after the things that they had done
to her. She climbed into the tub and closed her eyes, as the warm water washed
the filth from her and from within her. She heard the sound of static booming
from above her, and she looked up. There was a large video monitor in the
bathroom, built into the wall. She heard noise from the bedroom and realized
that there must be a video monitor in there too. The static on the screen was
soon replaced by a smut movie of two girls and a man screwing each other
wildly.

"Oh god! Can't I even have piece during my rest time?" Suzy groaned, to
herself, as she tried to ignore the loud moaning and groaning.

She thought about how she would be able to repair the damage done to her, when
she was finally released. She attempted to add up the plastic surgery costs of
removing the tattoos, and thought that she could pay for it by trading her ivy
league college tuition, for a state college's one. The money saved from the
scholarship would pay for a lot of plastic surgery, if she had to. She spent
the next hour in the tub, planning her transformation back into the pretty
young wife that she had been, before she got on the plane to Turkey with Brad.

"Oh god no!" she protested, as she caught herself glancing up at the video
screen, to see what all the screaming was about.

There were two woman screwing each other with dildos, and Suzy rejected the
idea of that all together. She felt herself getting sleepy, so she climbed out
of the tub and dried herself off. As she looked at herself in the mirror, she
saw that she was still herself, under all the tattoos and jewelry. She noticed
the puffiness around her tattoos had gone down, and the redness around her
piercings looked better, since she had washed them clean. She laid down on the
big bed, and pushed the toys out of the way. Looking over at the video screen,
at the end of the bed, she saw the two girls kissing. She closed her eyes and
tried to shut it out long enough to get some sleep. Within minutes she began
to doze.

"Hmmmm!" Suzy groaned, with the other voice moaning out. She opened her eyes
expecting to see Brad, and realized that she had been dreaming about him. She
heard the groaning continue, and she looked to the monitor to see a blonde
woman beneath a large Turkish man, who was humping wildly on top of her. She
turned over, and pulled the pillow over her head, hoping to block it out.
Trying to remember her dream, she had been imagining Brad on top of her,
humping her madly, just like the couple on the video screen. She slipped her
hand down to her crotch, and found herself receptive. Grazing her finger
across her pussy opening, she felt her wetness cover her finger tip. She
brought her wet finger to her clit, and began messaging it, hoping to bring
herself to one of those incredible orgasms that she had been having all
morning. Within a minute of fantasizing about Brad, she felt herself quivering
and grinding her hips in orgasmic pleasure. As she caught her breath, she felt
her heart returning to normal. She continued to massage her clit, and realized
that she was not near satisfaction yet. She continued her fantasy, and came
three more times, before she reached for one of the vibrators sitting on the
bed.

With some of her modesty intact, she climbed under the covers. Spreading her
legs lewdly, and positioning the vibrator on her clit. She stared at the video
screen and dreamed that it was Brad and her on the screen having sex. She
turned the vibrator on, and felt herself tremble in pleasure. She had never
been so enthralled by masturbation in her life. She was a little guilty, but
not enough to quench her desire for the wonderful feelings her clit kept
giving her. Suzy ground her clit against the vibrator for an hour, before she
felt herself too exhausted to continue. She had taken her fantasy with Brad to
the extremes, and found that everything on the video screen was fine with her,
if she dreamed that it was her and Brad. She couldn't have counted her orgasms,
but she guessed she had one every minute or two. She felt satisfied enough to
take a nap, so she turned over, and closed her eyes, until deep sleep overtook
her.

Early that Evening.

"Wake up lover!" Carla announced, as she approached Suzy on the bed.

The sleepy-eyed punk girl rolled over and stared at her, through the long
orange streaked hair which covered her eyes. Carla noted that the swelling
around her piercing had gone down considerably, but the tattoos were still
much too puffy to cover with make up.

"We let you sleep late, as you appeared to need it. The doctor has come to
inspect you. You will need to get out of bed now."

Suzy realized that her dream had been simply that. She felt her body aching
dully, as she pulled herself up, and sat on the bed, covering herself as best
as she could.

"I don't feel so good. I think I'm sick. I ache all over." Suzy announced, as
she tried to catalog all of the new pains that seemed to pop up, since she
awoke. She wondered if she would be allowed to stay in bed until she was
better.

"Yes, we know, and we're going to give you some shots to speed up your healing."
Carla said, as she motioned Carl to come in. Carl brought a tray of syringes,
and laid them down beside her. Suzy didn't resist, as he injected her arm with
a small syringe, followed by another, larger syringe, then finally he injected
a third one directly into her vein. Suzy felt the familiar nausea overtake her,
and Carla lifted a pail to catch her vomit, but Suzy found herself able to
fight it off until it had passed. As the nausea faded, it was replaced by the
dull feeling of well being. The soreness that she had felt in her pussy became
dull, and all of the pain from her new wounds was replaced by a dull throbbing.

"How do you feel now lover?" Carla inquired, as she watched her face soften
from exhaustion to satisfaction. Carl had injected her with antibiotics,
hormones, and a narcotic pain reliever.

"Better." Suzy said, as she propped herself up on the bed.

Carl motioned for her to lay back on the bed, and she did as requested. Carl
laid her on her back, with her legs sprawled across the sides of the bed.

"Carl will take care of you lover, he will treat your pains, just relax."
Carla cooed.

Carl took a jar of cream, and began applying it to all Suzy's new piercings
and tattoos. The creme was new and untested by science, but the commandant had
connections in Europe, which allowed for such experimentations. The other
prisoners, who had received such applications of the cream, had all healed
within days, and the only side effect was the scarring which took place as
the skin quickly patched itself around the wound. Carla had even used some
herself, to heal the extra hole that she had pierced in her navel. The cream
healed the hole within a couple days, and she had noticed that the hole never
closed, even when she had decided to not wear the earring in her navel anymore.
Carl finished applying the paste to Suzy's nose ring, and stood up to do
another inspection of the young American girl.

"What are you doing now?" Suzy complained, with bashful concern, as she felt
Carl spreading her knees and pushing her ankles back towards her butt.

"Relax lover, Carl is just going to examine you, to see if your vagina has
been harmed." Carla explained softly, as she stroked Suzy's hair to calm her.

Suzy felt a cold spoon like device press into her vagina, and she recognized
the feeling from the gynecologist office. She clinched her teeth together,
expecting to feel pain, as the device spread open inside of her, but instead
as the device opened up inside of her, she only felt a dull soreness.

"She is doing fine Carla." Carl explained, as he peered into Suzy's spread
vagina and examined her. "Her vagina is stretching without harm, we should be
able to keep on schedule. She should be ready for Maximilian by Saturday."

Carl turned and twisted the device around in Suzy a few more times, and
swabbed some cream on her new stretch marks, before he closed the device up
and removed it from her. Carl slipped the chastity belt back around her waist,
and brought the crotch belt up around her front. Before latching it shut, he 
brought out a monster of a dildo, and applied the medicated cream to its 
surface. 

"Uhhh!" Suzy protested as she felt yet another object pressed into her poor
pussy. Carl slipped the tip in with some difficulty. "Can't you let me sleep
unrestrained tonight?" she pleaded, as the large rod slid deeper and deeper
into her cunt. The fading soreness she had felt, now blossomed into a pulsing
soreness all over again. Despite the drugs, she found herself biting her lip
to hold back her gasps. 

"No!" Carla snapped back, as she watched Carl slowly plunging the huge rubber
dildo into her. She thought that it was a good thing that Suzy didn't watch,
as she would probably faint, seeing the tin can sized rod disappearing into
her cunt. This dildo was over nine inches long, and Carl was again unable to
slip the last inch into her pussy. He pulled the crotch belt up and over the
protruding dildo and locked it into place.

"Get up and walk around lover and tell us how it feels?" Carla demanded.

Suzy pulled her head up from the bed and stared at Carla, sweat covering her
brow. She thought about begging to be left alone, but then remembered her fate
if she did. She pulled herself out of the bed and stood up. The fullness that
she felt in her pussy was unbelievable. She tried to walk, but found herself
stepping wide and obscenely jutting her crotch outward. She noticed that the
thick circle jutting from her crotch belt, and realized why she felt so
crammed full. The dildo was even larger than the one they had put in her that
morning.

"It's so large that I can't walk straight. How long are you going to keep it
in me?" Suzy pleaded.

"Until tomorrow morning lover, but you will adjust to it. The doctor will give
you a shot to help you sleep through the night." Carla explained, as Carl led
her back to the bed and laid her down. After giving her the shot, Carl and
Carla left her alone, to sleep through the night. 

Suzy laid down and turned off the lights, the only illumination came from the
video monitor, which kept showing pornographic movies all night long. The
soreness did fade, as her body adjusted to the size of the dildo. She made
herself as comfortable as she could get, and pressed a vibrator to her clit,
hoping to rekindle her dreams of Brad. She masturbated softly, while watching
the movies, waiting for a young built man to come on, so that she could
fantasize about her husband again, but no young men appeared on the screen,
just beautiful young women. Suzy held off her orgasm for almost ten minutes,
until she found herself becoming excited, while watching the woman on the
screen fuck her pretty young lover with a vibrator. Finally she gave in, and
let herself cum, as she watched the two young girls masturbate each other,
fantasizing that she was one of the girls on the screen. By the time that the
drugs pushed her into sleep, about twenty minutes later, she had cum two more
times.

     Earlier that day, In the USA

Brad paced through the apartment, unable to take his mind away from his
predicament. He had watched the video numerous times now, and was unable to
come up with a believable excuse for what had happened on the night of Suzy's
deflowering. The truth was simply unbelievable. Each time his thoughts turned
back to Suzy, he felt his muscles tense and his stomach turn. He didn't know
how he would make it over the next week, but he had vowed not to involve their
families. He simply couldn't bare to tell them what had happened, and how he
had allowed it. He had thought about calling his friend Dave, but he came to
the conclusion that the more secret this ordeal was, the better it would be
for him and Suzy later on. He continued pacing through their apartment, unable
to call for help, and also unable to remain calm either.


Continued in Day 4. 




Subject: Suzy's Honeymoon (Day 4) (m/F, mff, TG/F, NC, Reluct, Humil,
                         Blackmail, Exhib, TG_Dom, Oral, Anal, Cheat)
Date: 1996/09/19


                      * Suzy's Honeymoon, Day four *

Suzy woke once again to the groans coming from the video monitor. She stared
for a moment to see what was going on. It was another threesome, all girls.
She had been woken up at least five times during the night, to the groans from
the movies, and had to masturbate herself asleep again each time. She opened
her eyes slightly, and watched enough to realize that she needed some calming
down, below her waist, again. She reached for the nearest vibrator that still
worked, as she had run down three already during the night. As she turned the
buzzing device on, and pressed it up against her eager clit, she watched the
three girls licking and masturbating each other on the video. Within a minute,
she felt herself on the edge of climax, but she held off long enough for one
of the girls on the video to climax with her. As she felt herself begin to
tremble with pleasure, the door to her room opened, and the room was flooded
with light from the hall.

"Oh my god!" Suzy cried in shock, as she tossed the vibrator down, and pulled
the blanket up over her head.

"Please lover, there is no need to stop on my behalf." Carla chuckled, as she
turned on the room lights.

Suzy pulled her head from the blanket, and squinted against the light.

"We let you sleep in late, because you seemed to need some recovery time. It
is already past noon. You must be hungry." Carla said, stepping up to the bed
and stood beside her, a cart with her lunch was pushed in by the maid.

Carla reached under the bedspread with a key and unlocked Suzy's chastity belt.

"Be ready in an hour lover, we have a busy schedule today. Get yourself
cleaned and fed. The maid will bring you something to eat, and I will return
with Carl in an hour's time." Carla said, stepping toward the door.

Suzy held the blanket protectively over her naked breasts, until Carla closed
the door.

"Oh God, what am I doing here?" she sighed, to herself as she reached down
and helped the rubber log that had been implanted in her vagina to slide out.
She thought that she must have an idea of what child birth must feel like, as
the emptiness replaced the full feeling that she had had in her pussy since
the doctor had forced that dildo into her the night before. The soreness of
the previous day was almost gone, and she felt better. 

She spent the next hour eating her lunch and soaking in the tub. When Carla
opened the door, Suzy was sitting on the bed, combing her new hairdo over her
bald side of her head, hoping to style away the punk look that she now had.

"Don't bother lover, you have an appointment with a stylist in half an hour.
Carl has some more shots for you first though." Carla said, waving Carl in.

"I'm ok." Suzy complained, as Carl pulled up her blanket, and spread her legs.

"Obey the man, lover!" Carla corrected.

Carl pressed his hand against Suzy's sex, and she felt his finger begin to
probe her vagina. He said something in Turkish to Carla, and she translated it
for him. "Do you still hurt this morning?"

"No, I feel a lot better, oww." Suzy stuttered, as she felt Carl insert
another finger and massaged it around inside of her. She stared at the wall in
shame, as he continued to rub his finger around inside of her. She felt the
tip of a third finger press against her, and squeeze in next to the other two.
She held her breath, as she accommodated the extra digit. Finally she felt his
pinkie finger pressed against her opening, and then felt it slide in tightly
inside of her. She held her breath, as he roughly rotated his four fingers
around her insides.

Carl gave her a quick clinical exam, and just out of curiosity, he pressed his
thumb against her clit, as he rubbed his fingers deep inside of her. She
stared down at him in shock, and was greeted by a mischievous grin.

"Carla, what is he doing?" Suzy sighed in exasperation.

Carl continued to rub her clitoris with his thumb, while he rubbed her vagina
with his four fingers. She tried to pull back from him, but he followed her
with his hand. She was about to reach down, and pull his hand away, when he
shouted something to Carla in Turkish.

"Lover, Carl wishes to get a better feeling for his work. He wishes me to
leave you two alone for a few moments. Fuck him well and I will reward you. If
he tells me that you haven't learned anything, I will have you punished. Do
you understand me?"

"Fuck him?" Suzy groaned, as her inhibitions flooded through her body. The
drugs she had been given the previous night had already dissipated. 

"Yes lover, fuck him good and hard. I want to hear some of the new phrases
that you learned yesterday." Carla chuckled, as she started for the door. "If
I don't hear you screaming his name, all the way out here in the hall, I will
punish you myself!" she hissed, as she closed the door behind her, leaving her
alone with the old doctor.

Suzy stared at him for the first time, examining his features. She guessed
that he was in his late fifties, and was dark, like all the Turkish men. He
had a bushy gray mustache, and a weathered face. He stopped thumbing her clit,
and she felt his fingers slide slowly out of her. He stood up beside the bed,
and she watched him as he unbuckled his trousers, dropping them to the floor,
and climbed up on the bed with her. He grunted something in Turkish at her,
and she stared dumbly at him. He hissed back at her, took her by the hair and
pulled her over to him. She felt him guide her head to the tangle of fabric at
his crotch. Realizing his demand, and remembering what Carla had said, she
steadied herself and began fishing under the his shirt tail, to pull his prick
out of his underwear.

"Oh Yes!" she faked, as she felt his cock fit into her hand. She pulled it
free of his trousers, and began to suck on it, with feigned lust. He lay back
against the headboard, as he guided her head down to his prick. She slurped
athletically on his penis. With a grunt of satisfaction, he noted her
incredible suctioning, as she tried to pull every inch of his modest tool into
her mouth. He pulled her head up off of his prick, and heard the pop, as the
suction between his cock and her lips broken. With his cock unusually stiff,
he gave a simple order for her to lay back. When she looked up at him with
confusion over his foreign words, he pushed her back onto the bed, and climbed
on top of her.

"OH YES! FUCK ME! YES! SHOVE IT INTO ME!" she shouted, with practiced
precision, as she felt him positioning himself between her legs. He reached
down and pushed the head of his prick into her cunt. She felt him thrust
forward and into her.

"Oh Yes! Fuck Me Hard!" she shouted, hoping that she was audible enough for
Carla, out in the hall, to hear her. The feeling of his cock inside of her was
not a shock, or even a thrill, as she would have thought days earlier. He
began to thrust in and out, inside of her, faster and faster, so she groaned
louder and louder, hoping to give him everything that he wanted from her.

He wasn't impressed with her technique or her groaning, but he respected her
body as a rare treat. Knowing that she had a heightened hormone level, he
decided to make her squirm beneath him, so that her orgasm would milk out his
own. Reaching for one of the numerous vibrators on the bed, he found a large
one, and turned it on high. 

"Oww. Oww. Wait. no." Suzy groaned, in a softening voice, as she watched him
push the vibrator down to her crotch, and onto her clit.

"Oh Just Fuck Me! Fuck Me Please! Oh God Don't Do That!" Suzy pleaded, as she
reached down, trying to push the vibrator from her clit.

Carl brushed aside her effort to displace the vibrator, and held it tightly to
her clit, as he continued to slowly pump her cunt. With one hand holding the
vibrator to her clit, and the other wrapped tightly around her back, Suzy was
trapped in an awkward position of pleasure, that she had hoped to avoid at all
costs. As he continued his slow grinding in her pussy, she felt the tingling
sensation begin to cloud over her inhibitions.

"Owwwwww! Yessss! Owwwwwww My God!" Suzy began to scream in sincere lust.

She closed her eyes and gave into her body's demands. She imagined Brad on top
of her, and began to fantasize about an evening in the city ending in a night
of love making. He felt the contractions of her pussy, as she began to thrust
her hips up against his. Feeling her arms wrap around his back, and pull him
close, he began to loose his resolve to take his time with her. As he thrust
his cock into her, he began to shoot his semen into her, as her cunt
contracted wildly around his cock, as she bucked wildly through her orgasm.

"OH MY GOD! YES! YES! OH Yes!" Suzy shouted, as she started to orgasm. She
felt his cum shooting into her, but she was unable to care about it at the
moment. She continued to grind her crotch against his cock, as the vibrator
buzzed her against her ultra sensitive clit. A moment later, while the
vibrator continued to buzz on her sensitive love button, her lover lay on her
limply, his warm breath panting on her neck. She waited for him to climb off
of her, but he simply lay on her, as his prick grew soft inside of her.

He had left the vibrator pressed to her clit, and she shamefully caught
herself grinding her crotch against his, squeezing his softening prick with
her cunt muscles. This woke him up, and he lifted himself from her with a grin.
She heard him say something to her, as he buckled up his trousers. In defense,
she rolled over and pretended to watch the wall. He stood up and shouted
something, which prompted Carla to step into the room from the hall. She had
a short conversation with him, which ended in their laughter.

"Carl tells me that you have become quite a skilled little whore. I am proud
of you lover." Carla said in English.

Suzy rolled over and offered a shameful grin. Carl inspected her new earring's,
nipple rings, and nose ring. She had healed incredibly fast with the exception
of the small scars around the holes. He gave her two shots, and this time she
only felt a short moment of nausea, before the warm flood of contentment
overcame her.

"Let's go lover! We have to get you to the make up woman before your next
video." Carla said, as she pointed to the door.

Suzy, still naked, stood up. Her inhibitions over her nakedness not bothering
her as much as it had on her first day. As she started to follow Carla out of
the room, Carl said something to Carla, which made her turn around.

"Carl tells me you have a very receptive clitoris lover. He says you would
benefit from some more stimulation." Suzy felt Carl's hand on her back and
then his feet between hers.

He pushed her legs apart, and she felt him put a strap around her waist and
crotch. Attached to the strap running between her legs, was a small vibrator
positioned over her slit. Carla helped him position it right on her clit,
while he tightened the straps to hold it in place. When it began to buzz
maddingly on her clit, she shamefully wondered if she would be able to be true
to Brad, as it made her body want to cheat on him. 

Carla led Suzy back into the studio, and she was taken to a brightly lit
bedroom scene. A plain looking Turkish woman took her by the hand, and led her
to a dressing table. Sitting naked in front of the table, she sat with her
hands in her lap, while the woman began spiking her hair, and applying heavy
makeup to her face. She sat there concentrating on the heart racing buzzing,
which was driving her into a frenzy of lust. When the woman was finished with
her, she stood up and looked at herself. The woman had turned her into a slutty
looking punk. Her lips where bright pink, her cheeks blushed red, her nose
ring had been replaced with a fake pearl earring, and the nipple rings she
wore were so polished that they shined very brightly, making them very
noticeable. She was completely ashamed of how she looked, but was unable to
care about it, due to the pressing lust forming between her legs.

The make up woman led her to a wardrobe room, and dressed her in a cheap tube
top; short, tight spandex shorts; and a cheap plastic necklace. Relieved to be
wearing any clothes at all, she didn't protest over the fact that she wasn't
given any under clothing. She was then given a pair of high heeled shoes, and
led back over to Carla, who was paging through the script.

"Oh my! Lover you look sensational!" Carla flattered her, as she strutted over
towards her, struggling to walk in her ultra high, high heeled shoes.

"Pernard, you did a marvelous job with her! She looks quite the slut." Carla
mumbled to the hair dresser in Turkish.

"Come lover, we are ready to satiate your hot pussy." 

Suzy said nothing, and let herself be led over to the set. There was a large
bed against the wall of the set, and the rest of the set was decorated in
typical American teenaged girl style, with plenty of pop star posters on the
walls. On the bed were already two young teenagers. One was a young man with
dark skin and an old fashioned Afro, which was neatly kept. The girl sitting
with him was a blonde, similar to herself, but upon closer inspection, she
noticed that the girl's hair was dyed, and her nose crooked and large. 

"Go sit with your friends lover. I will tell you what to do." Carla instructed,
as she guiding her over to the bed where the two teenagers sat with their
legs crossed.

Suzy climbed up onto the bed and knelt nervously. Carla tossed a deck of cards
into the middle of the three, and said something in Turkish to them. The 
teenaged boy across from her picked up the deck, and dealt the three of them a
hand. Carla retreated behind the cameras, and said something in Turkish to the
cameramen. Suzy saw the red light on the cameras light up, as they began
recording the scene.

The boy across from her said something to her, but she didn't understand him,
as he spoke in his native Turkish, so she just smiled dumbly at him.

"Suzy, you are playing cards for sex. You have just lost a hand, and have to
remove your top, to show him your breasts." Carla shouted at her, from behind
the camera.

Suzy looked around uncomfortably, and was greeted by the teenaged boy beside
her smiling at her, as she passively let him pull up her tube top up, until
her full breasts fell out from the skimpy top, and into view. He quickly gave
her a tits a soft caress and a squeeze, before sitting back down. The boy
dealt another hand, as she went along with the charade. The girl across from
him threw down her cards after a moment, and pulled her top off, exposing her
more modest sized tits for the boy. After the next hand, the two teens paused,
and stared at her patiently.

"Lover!" Carla screamed, as she walked up to the bed, "You will now whisper
into your girlfriend's ear, and together the two of you will attack the young
man here. Follow her lead, she knows exactly what the script calls for you two
to do." and then stepped back, shaking the script in her hand, before shouting
at them some odd foreign word. The lights on the cameras lit up again, and all
attention was on her again. She knelt over and whispered into the girl's ear.

"What do we do now?" Suzy whispered in a soft voice. The girl didn't
understand her English words, but she did understand the script. She giggled
and took Suzy's arm, guiding her to the young African boy on the bed beside
them. The Turkish girl climbed up on top of him, and forced him onto his back.
Suzy kneeled there confused, while the girl held her close, and massaged the
boy's crotch through his trousers with her hand. 

"Help her Suzy! Message his cock with your hand, and laugh with her!" Carla
commanded.

Suzy paused, as she considered her options. Then she reached down and took
hold of the stiff member beneath the fabric, just like the other girl had done.
The Turkish girl climbed off of the boy, and began removing his trousers. Suzy
watched nervously, as she fished his modest cock out, and began stroking it.

"It's your turn to suck it lover. Go on and do it!" Carla announced.

Suzy felt the Turkish girl take her shoulder, and guide her down to the boy's
cock. She stared at his penis for a moment, and remarked about its dark smooth
skin, and his large foreskin, which covered the uncircumsized head. The other
girl lay down with her, and put her face next to Suzy's face. Examining the
scene. Suzy noticed that the camera was closing in for a close up of their
faces, and the cock that they were examining.

Suzy felt the girl's hand on her head, pushing her face down towards the penis.
As the soft skin of his foreskin brushed her chin, she gave in and took it
into her mouth. The Turkish girl covered his nut sack with kisses, while Suzy
suckled his prick. A moment later, the Turkish girl sat up, removed her
panties, and pushed her crotch down on the boy's face, letting him lick her
crotch. Suzy continued to suckle the cock, like she had been taught, pulling
his length deep into her mouth, and then slowly sliding her lips up the full
length of his shaft.

"Stand up and remove your shorts Suzy!" Carla commanded.

Suzy pulled her lips from his shaft, and looked around, as the butterflies in
her stomach began to flutter. Standing up on the bed, she shyly pulled the
tight shorts off, and quickly sat back down, to hide her sex from the cameras.

"No!" Carla shouted. "Stand back up!" Suzy quickly did as she was commanded to
do. "Good! Now sit down on top his crotch, and guide his cock into your pussy!" 

"You mean me you want me to climb on top of him?" Suzy exclaimed, with
shocked and aprehension.

Suzy watched Carla throw the script to the ground angrily, and she realized
that she had angered her. With trembling knees, Suzy straddled the boy's hips,
and lowered herself down on top of him. She stared at the girl before her, who
was sitting on his face, and moaning in passion. As she lowered herself down
over his crotch, she felt his cock pressing against her sex. She paused for a
long moment, before reaching down with her hand, and guiding the prick into
her cunt.

"Very good lover!" Carla commended, as she watched the video screen of the
dark cock pressing against Suzy's moist pussy. The head of his prick slipped
slightly into her and then stopped.

"Now ride him! Bounce up and down on his cock, like you really are enjoying
it!" Carla ordered.

Suzy lowered herself slowly down onto him, and felt his cock slip all of the
way into her pussy. She was still horny from the earlier stimulation to her
clit, so she was well lubricated. As ordered, she began to raise and lower her
cunt, up and down on his cock, fucking his cock all by herself, with no help
from the black teen. Carla watched Suzy ride the boy for a few minutes, before
announcing the next action in the scene.

"Kiss her!" Carla ordered, first in Turkish and then in English.

Suzy stared across at the girl who was enjoying the boy's tongue, and looked
down with embarrassment. She felt the girl's hand wrap around her head, and
pull Suzy's face up to her's. Suzy closed her eyes and allowed the girl's
tongue to penetrate her lips. She stopped fucking the boy, and thought of all
of the videos of girls making love that she had seen in the last day, and
without really thinking about it, she began tonguing the girl back. 

"OK Marla, spin her around!" Carla ordered in Turkish.

Suzy felt the girl pull her lips away and stand up. Then she guided Suzy off
of the boy, and turned her around, before guiding her back down onto his cock.
She felt his prick slip easily back into her pussy. This time she was staring
straight at the camera, while the Turkish girl knelt beside her, guiding her
ass up and down on boy's prick.

Suzy felt the girl's tongue press against her pussy, and ride along the boy's
cock, as her cunt was being impaled by his prick. A moment later the girl's
tongue moved up to her clit, and began licking her there. She bit her lips,
hoping to hold back the pleasurable sensations on her sensitive love button.
Closing her eyes, she tried to think about her husband Brad. The girl wrapped
her hands around Suzy's ass, as she guided her up and down, faster and faster
on the boy's cock, while she sucked on her clit. Suzy felt herself slipping
into uncontrollable lust.

"Faster!" Carla ordered.

Suzy felt the girl prodding her faster and harder onto the boy's cock, as her
sensations centered on her own swollen clit.

"Good!" Carla hollered, happy with Suzy's submission and obvious pleasure.
"Suzy, get off and suck the boy's cock! Stick your ass back towards the
camera!"

Suzy felt dizzy, as she pulled herself up from his cock. The Turkish girl
immediately stuffed his cock into her mouth, as Suzy knelt down to help. The
girl guided Suzy's lips to her own, and together the two girls took turns
sucking the black cock between their pink lips and into their mouths.

"Keep sucking that Cock Suzy! Don't stop!" Carla ordered.

Suzy was getting caught up in the scene now. As the Turkish girl stood up and
walked around the bed, while she continued to gobble the soft, but ridged
prick into her mouth. The Turkish girl knelt beside Suzy's lifted ass, and
repositioned her knees, so that they were spread wide apart, exposing her cunt.
The boy reached up and put his hand onto her cunt, and began to finger her
pussy, while the Turkish girl took out a large vibrator, and pushed it against
her anus, letting it buzz pleasurably against the tight opening. Suzy arched
her butt backwards lewdly, as the buzzing made her pussy ache with lust.

The girl took the vibrator off of her anus, and plunged it fully into Suzy's
cunt. Suzy pulled her head up from the boy's cock long enough to let out a
long, loud groan. The Turkish girl kept reaming Suzy's pussy, until Carla gave
her the signal to go onto the next action. She pulled the vibrator back out of
Suzy's cunt, and pressed it up against her clit. While the cameras zoomed in
to get a close up of Suzy's gaping, spasming cunt muscles, opening and closing
her fuck hole from the passion, as Suzy continued to suck the cock into her
mouth passionately.

"Enough! Marla, your turn!" Carla announced, much to Suzy's disappointment.

The vibrator had made her extremely hot now, and she was aching to climax, to
quell her sexual desires. The Turkish girl knelt down on all fours, while the
African boy mounted her from behind.

"Suzy, kneel beside him and kiss him!" Carla ordered.

Suzy did as she was commanded, and welcomed the boy's tongue into her mouth,
as he massaged her large tits.

"Owww!" Suzy groaned, as she felt him pull up on the gold ring in her nipple,
and looked down to see him lifting the bulk of her breast, with the little
ring, until he could lick her nipple with his tongue. She pushed her tit into
his mouth, like he wanted, and felt his soft tongue messaging and pulling on
her naked breast wetly.

"Lay down on the bed Suzy! Lay down before Marla!" Carla ordered.

Suzy pulled herself away from the boy with a smile, and did as she was told.
The Turkish girl who was bouncing back and forth from the thrusting of her
lover pulled Suzy's crotch to her mouth. She tensed herself nervously, as she
felt the girl's wet mouth press against her clit again. Each time that the boy
thrust into her from behind, she felt the other girl's lips press hard up
against her clit, as she sucked her flesh between her lips. Carla monitored
Suzy's look of passion long enough to ensure a good scene, then she gave the
signal for them to change positions. The Turkish girl rolled over on her side,
and the African boy lay down behind her, with his cock buried in her pussy.

"Suzy, kneel over her face and let her lick you!" Carla ordered.

Suzy pulled herself up wearily, and sat down on the girl's face. She felt the
girl begin suckling her clit again, and had to close her eyes in lust. Carla
brought the cameras in closer, to capture Suzy's rapid loss of control, as she
neared her orgasm. Suzy felt her clit demanding satisfaction, and she was
unable to care about what they were doing to her. As she began to cum, she
reached down to steady herself, and found her hands clasping the girl's tits.
With her loss of inhibition, she rolled the girl's nipples softly between her
fingers as she climaxed. Carla smiled, as she stared at the video monitor, she
had captured on film, each flinch and grimace on Suzy's face.

"Now roll over now Suzy, and let him fuck you!"

Suzy ground out the remainder of her orgasm against the girl's mouth and
looked as though she would fall over anyway. The boy helped roll her over into
a missionary position, and then lifted her legs straight up into the air. She
felt him penetrate her with his cock, as he roughly pounded in and out of her.
She opened her eyes just in time to see the crotch of the Turkish girl closing
in on her face.

"Oh stop!" Suzy said, with fear. She was afraid to perform oral sex on the
girl, and as the moist lips of the Turkish girl's pussy pressed down on her
mouth, Suzy sealed her lips and tried to turn away. As the African boy
continued to pound away inside of her, he began to rub her clit with his
finger. She arched her back and pressed her crotch to his. As she let out a
sigh, she tasted the Turkish girl's juices drooling into her mouth. She found
his prick unexciting, but the massage that he was giving her very sensitive
clit, was sending her into another orgasm.

The Turkish girl took a vibrator, as she took over the stimulation of Suzy's
clit, while the boy took her ankles and began roughly pounding into her cunt.
When the buzzing vibrator pressed against her clit, she let out a gasp of
pleasure, and felt herself thrusting her tongue into the girl's pussy, out of
gratification. The Turkish girl ground her crotch into Suzy's face, until both
girls came with their orgasms.

"All right, now put his penis into her mouth!" Carla announced in Turkish.

Suzy lay there passively, as the boy pulled his prick out of her cunt, while
the girl lay down beside her. She accepted the boy's cock between her lips, as
he knelt beside her. Her mind was still occupied with lust, because the
Turkish girl continued to work over her clit with the vibrator. The boy was
shouting something at her, and the Turkish girl was chuckling. Suzy was
unaware that she had been called a professional cock sucker. 

She kept her eyes closed, and tried to think thoughts of Brad. She felt the
boy take a hold of her head and guide her mouth back and forth on his cock.
She imagined that it was Brad's cock in her mouth, and that the orgasm that
she was nearing, was because of him. She felt him throw her head back onto the
pillow, as she began to grind her hips as she climaxed. She was moaning loudly,
as the boy stroked his ebony shaft across her tits, splattering white globs of
cum across her gold ringed nipples.

Opening her eyes wearily, as her climax faded, she saw that the boy's wet
prick head was wobbling just over her breasts, and that the Turkish girl was
sitting up beside her. With the vibrator was buzzing on full, as the girl
pressed the tip against her erect nipple, and lubricated it with the boy's
semen. She watched the girl dip her fingers into the puddle of jizz, and bring
her glistening wet fingers to her lips. With foggy inhibitions, Suzy sucked on
her fingers until they were clean, so that the girl could wipe up more of the
white globs from her breasts and feed it to her.

"Marvelous! Marvelous!" Carla exclaimed, after about five minutes of filming
the three lovers kissing and fondling each other, after the boy's powerful
climax onto Suzy's tits.

The African boy and the Turkish girl climbed off of the bed, slipped into
robes, and headed off to their dressing rooms. Carla stepped up to the bed and
stared down at Suzy, who was curled up comfortably dreaming. Carla wondered if
the drugs where so effective, that she didn't even know that she was laying in
front of ten men with cameras. Suzy's lipstick was smeared, and her hair would
need to be spiked again before the next shoot.

"Lover!" Carla cooed, as she reached down and gently shook Suzy, until she
opened her eyes. "I am so proud of you! Did you enjoy yourself?"

"I'm still horny." Suzy groaned softly, as she pulled her arms up to her chest
to cup her tingling breasts.

"Well don't worry lover, we have many others to satiate your needs." Carla
reassured her, as she reached down and ran her finger across the girl's still
swollen clit. Suzy instinctively thrust her crotch forward, and let out a soft
groan. Carla found herself becoming aroused by Suzy's sudden submission.

Carla directed three more short scenes with Suzy, to complete the film. She
sucked and fucked four more teenaged boys and six teenaged girls, before the
movie was completed. When the time came for Suzy to return to her cell for the
night, Carla was there to reward her obedience.

"You have become quiet a lusty one lover, quiet a change from the night we
spent together three days ago!" Carla said, as she helped Suzy off of the bed
and into a robe.

"I don't know what's happening to me? I feel so hot and horny all of the time.
I never thought sex was so addictive." Suzy said, as she leaned against Carla
and followed her off the stage.

"I have good news lover. The commandant has granted you another night in the
VIP room of the mansion. Continue to cooperate, and you can expect to stay
there until you leave us." Carla said, feeling somewhat more excited, as they
drew closer to the room.

Carla opened the door, and smiled at the guard, as she led Suzy into the
deluxe room. Suzy staggered into the bathroom to relieve herself. Carla leaned
against the doorway and stared at her, as she shamelessly squatted on the
toilet to pee.

"Carla." Suzy groaned, as she rubbed her drooling pussy. "I need to douche all
of this semen from me."

"Of course lover. I will help you!" Carla smiled, as she stepped into the
bathroom.

She opened up a cabinet and removed a box with a douche bag and a hose. She
set up the device beside the bidet, filling the bag with vinegar and water.
"Come here lover, it is ready."

Suzy lifted herself from the toilet and assumed a straddling stance over the
porcelain bowl. Carla reached between Suzy's legs, and massaged her labia with
the nozzle.

"Ohhh! Stop!" Suzy groaned, as she lifted her hips up and away from Carla's
caress. "Let me do it please." she sighed, as she grabbed the nozzle and
pressed it into her vagina. Carla released the flow and Suzy felt the warm
liquid rinsing her insides free of the sticky sperm. "I'm sorry, it's just
that I get so horny now when I'm touched there. I can't stand it any more
today. I just want to go to sleep."

Suzy pressed the nozzle deep inside of her, until she felt the flow rinsing
her deepest crevices. As the water drained from her pussy, she watched the
small gobs of semen coming out in the flow.

"You can sleep soon lover. The doctor will come to see you for a quick check
up, and then we will leave you to your sleep." Carla said, as she as she
slipped an arm around Suzy's shoulder.

"I don't know what has come over me Carla? I have never been this way before.
I have never desired any one other than Brad." Suzy sighed, as she prodded her
insides with the hose, hoping to remove all of the male fluid from inside of
her. "My heart beats so hard when those men are around me, and I know they
want to have sex with me. And I find that the only way to calm it down, is to
give myself to them. It feels so satisfying when they take me and make me cum
with them."

"You are a desirable woman. They can't help but to wish to have sex with you."
Carla said, as she began to caress Suzy's shoulders with her hand.

"But what is going to happen when I go home to Brad?" Suzy groaned, as she
pulled the nozzle from her sex.

"You will desire him, just as you desire these men here." Carla whispered
into her ear, as she stood her up and wrapped her in a towel. "Carl will be
here in an hour. Perhaps you can spend this time telling me about your worries,
yes?" she said, as she guided Suzy into the bedroom.

"I look so different now! Brad will leave me the moment that I step off of the
airplane, and he gets a look at me." Suzy sighed.

Carla guided her to the bed and sat down with her. "You will look as pretty as
the day he married you. I will have our hair dressers fit you with a wig, just
like your old hair." she explained. Suzy laid back on the bed, while Carla
began massaging her back softly.

Carla massaged Suzy for fifteen minutes. As Suzy fell into a cozy warmth, she
started massaging further and further down her back, until Suzy's buttocks
filled her hands. Suzy responded, as a result of the afterglow of her many
orgasms that day. Carla felt Suzy lifting her rear and sighing, as her heart
began to beat faster and faster.

"Are your feeling amorous lover?" Carla cooed into Suzy's ear, as she ran her
fingers gently across her thighs.

"A little." Suzy admitted.

Carla pulled her hand back up Suzy's leg, and ran her finger along her labia.
Suzy gasped, and Carla watched as her legs tensed. She rubbed her finger
through her crotch, alternating from her clitoris to her anus, as her finger
went back and forth through her pussy slit.

"Ohh. I don't want to do this." Suzy protested, as she felt Carla plunge her
thumb into her cunt, while rubbing her clit with her finger. Carla watched
Suzy's protest turn into submission, as she relaxed, and spread her legs
slightly.

"I was your first lover. I rarely have such affections for girls anymore, but
you are special." The transsexual cooed into Suzy's ear, as she worked her
fingers across her crotch. "I have found myself becoming attracted to you more
and more, as I have watched you fuck all those boys and girls." Carla
whispered, as she planted a soft kiss on Suzy's ear.

Suzy winced, as she understood the implications of those words. Carla was her
keeper while she was here, and she knew that she couldn't afford to anger her,
for fear of losing her privileged status among prisoners. "Roll over lover. We
have time. I will make you happy."

"But the doctor?" Suzy gasped, hoping to evade the advances of the transsexual
laying beside her. Carla shushed her, as her hands guided Suzy onto her back.

"We have time." Carla moaned, as she positioned her head between Suzy's thighs.
She began licking Suzy's ever sensitive clit, while she worked her finger in
and out of the girl's now loose cunt. Suzy responded with a sigh, and a short
thrust of her hips. Carla worked her clit until it was stiff, and Suzy's pussy
was weeping its warm juices into her palm.

"Ohh. Yess. That's it." Suzy hissed, as she felt herself approaching a warm
rhythmic orgasm. "Whaat! Don't stop!" Suzy whimpered, as she felt Carla's warm
wet lips retreat from her sex. Carla looked up at her with dewy wet lips, and
smiled.

"I want us to cum together lover." Carla said, as she knelt beside Suzy on
the bed and pulled her top off.

Suzy stared with admiration at the transsexual's sizable breasts, which were
even larger than her own, as they jiggled to a stop before her. Carla stared
lustfully at Suzy, and pulled her underwear down to her knees. Suzy looked
bashfully away, knowing that this was where the girl turned into a man again.
Carla flung her panties away, and knelt between her legs. Suzy quickly glanced
at the transsexual's erect penis, jutting out from below her skirt. With a
quick lunge, Carla pressed her cock into Suzy's cunt, and ground her crotch
against it, before slowly pulling it out of her.

"Oh lover, your husband is a very lucky man. Your cunt is so hot and tight!"
Carla lied, hoping to make the distressed girl feel better about herself.

If fact, Suzy's pussy felt about as loose as any of the whores which worked in
the compound, but Carla didn't want Suzy to know this.

"Really? Will Brad be able to tell?" Suzy asked with a smile.

Carla crawled around Suzy, and positioned her cock before her face, as she
prepared to sixty nine the girl.

"Never!" Carla chuckled mischievously, as she knelt above Suzy, her stiff
cock dangling above Suzy's head.

Suzy stared with apprehension, as Carla laid down on her. The transsexual's
cock slid across her cheek, and she felt the wetness of her pussy rub off of
the prick, and onto her cheek. "Put it in your mouth, and suck it lover. Suck
it like you sucked all of those other pricks earlier. I'll make you cum like
your never came before lover!"

"Oh god yess!" Suzy cried, out as she felt Carla's skilled tongue begin to
rhythmically caressing her clit. Suzy wrapped her arms around the transsexual's
legs and braced herself. Carla's prick jutted across her face, eagerly looking
for Suzy's mouth. Suzy dodged it, in an attempt to evade her own juices, which
dripped from its tip.

"Suck it lover! Make me cum!" Carla groaned, as she reached back and took a
hold of her own prick.

Suzy flinched, as Carla guided the head of her cock, between her lips, and
lowered it into her mouth. Suzy wrapped her lips around it, as she had been
taught to do, and let Carla fuck her mouth. Suzy's aversion soon faded, as
Carla brought her to the edge of an orgasm again with her tongue. Suzy began
to suck on the fleshy rod with a new found lust, as her own desires overtook
her. Carla was soon pounding her crotch into Suzy's face, as if it were a
pussy. Suzy felt the prick in her mouth stiffen to a rock hardness, and she
was forced to take it down her throat, to keep it from stabbing her painfully
in the back of her mouth.

"Wonderful lover! Wonderful!" Carla gasped, as she tried to ejaculate into
Suzy's sucking mouth. She thrust over and over again into her gasping, sucking
throat, feeling her pleasure reach a plateau, without achieving an orgasm.

"I need more lover!" Carla gasped, in frustration as she pulled herself up.
Suzy sighed deeply, as the wonderful wet tongue on her clit disappeared.

"Here!" Carla groaned, as she reached into the night stand and removed a
rubber dildo, shaped like a real penis. "Slide this into my ass, while you
suck on my cock!"

"What? No! That's disgusting!" Suzy gasped, in amazement of what had been
requested of her. Carla pressed her cock back into Suzy's mouth impatiently,
and put the dildo into Suzy's hand. Suzy stared wide eyed, as Carla pushed her
face between her legs again, and began licking her clitoris. "Oh my!" Suzy
groaned, with uncontrollable lust, as she felt her clit being expertly massaged
again. Suzy squeezed the dildo in her hand tightly, but didn't move it.

"Here lover! Here" Carla groaned, as she reached a hand back, and began
massaging her buttocks.

Suzy stared, as Carla pushed a finger into her anus, and slowly twisted it
around. She reached up and placed the dildo between her buttocks. Carla
took the dildo from her hand, and pushed the head up against her anus. Suzy
watched with shock as Carla thrust her hips back, and the head of the dildo
disappeared into her ass. She watched as the transsexual worked the dildo in
and out, in an unsuccessful attempt to work the dildo deeper into her ass.

"What do you want me to do?" Suzy cried, in frustration, as her heart raced
with her lust to cum. Carla grunted and pulled the dildo from her backside.

"I need to lubricate this lover. Hold still!" she said, as she took the rubber
phallus, and pushed it against Suzy's crotch. Suzy felt the head against her
cunt, and bit her lip in submission, as Carla plunged the medium sized dildo
into her sopping wet pussy with absolutely no resistance.

"Stop that! It's dirty!" groaned Suzy.

Carla pushed her lips to Suzy's clit and began sucking, as she rammed the rod
in and out of her twat. "But you just took it out of your butt!" Suzy whined,
as Carla continued to lick her while she fucked her with the dildo.

"There!" Carla groaned, after a few moments. She pulled the glistening wet
rubber rod from Suzy's pussy, and pushed it against her own anus. "There lover!
Guide it in for me."

"Whatever!" Suzy groaned, in desperation to quell her own lust.

She took the dildo, which Carla had positioned against her own anus, and
pressed it in. This time the rubber phallus slipped easily into Carla's shaved
ass hole, until only the end protruded from her butt. She felt Carla once
again begin to suck on her clit.

Accepting Carla's cock into her mouth again, she began to suck on it
passionately, as her own clit led her to ecstasy. Carla rhythmically licked
and played with her hairless pussy, as she thrust her cock into the girl's
loving mouth. Carla heard her groaning through her nose, as she sucked the
cock, and realized that she was beginning to cum. Suzy thrust her crotch up
into her own sucking mouth, and began to cum. Carla felt a surge of passion,
and thrust her cock deep down Suzy's throat, expecting to cum.

"Oh god that was so good!" Suzy groaned weakly, as she felt the transsexual
lift up off of her. Carla rolled over beside Suzy and gasped heavily.

"I'm happy that you enjoyed yourself lover, but I still have not cum." Carla
gasped in frustration.

The transsexual was close to ejaculating, when Suzy went into a frenzy, and
stopped sucking her cock. "I think I will just fuck you the Greek way!" Carla
groaned lustfully, as she rolled over on top of Suzy.

"Yes. Go ahead and cum in me! I want you to feel good too!" Suzy responded,
hoping to get off once more, before the transsexual tired of her. Carla thrust
her cock into Suzy's cunt, and began fucking her.

"Did you like sticking that dildo in my ass lover?" Carla asked, as she worked
her cock back and forth in Suzy's cunt. "I'm not used to fucking girls any
more, you know."

"I never knew that could turn someone on." Suzy replied, as Carla's hand
roamed across her crotch, spreading her wetness between her ass cheeks. Suzy
felt Carla take a hold of her legs, and lift her knees up.

"Grab a hold of your ankles for me lover, and hold them up high!" Carla said
deeply, as she positioned Suzy's crotch up off of the bed.

Suzy did as commanded, holding her ankles up and apart with her hands, thus
giving Carla free access to her private area. "Wonderful lover! Now hold still.
I will insert it now." Carla gasped, as she slipped her wet cock from Suzy's
sloppy pussy, and pressed it against her anus. Suzy was still unaware of the
transsexual's intentions.

"What are you doing? No not there!" Suzy cried, as Carla pressed the head of
her slender cock into Suzy's rectum. Suzy clinched her rear in pain and
dropped her legs down around Carla's waist. "Stop! Take it out! That not the
right spot!"

"But it is lover! It's the only place for me." Carla chuckled, taking Suzy's
flailing legs and placing them on her shoulders. The transsexual took a hold
of Suzy's hips, pulling her rear up against her crotch, and burying her slim
prick completely into Suzy's ass. "Yes lover, this is what I like!"

"Hurry! Please hurry!" Suzy whimpered, gripping the bedspread tightly with her
fists, as Carla began pumping her dick into her ass.

"Lover. Yess! You are a virgin in the ass, are you not? Yes of course you are."
Carla groaned, while she thrust her cock into Suzy's rectum faster and deeper.

"Enjoy yourself lover." Carla cooed, feeling herself nearing ejaculation. She
took a vibrator from the night stand and pressed its buzzing shaft between
Suzy's legs. Suzy flexed in an attempt to keep it from her sex, but Carla was
in charge. She pushed the buzzing rod against Suzy's sex and held it tight
against her clit, until the anal virgin, began to relax slightly.

"Just hurry! Just hurry and finish!" Suzy complained, as she felt herself
beginning to succumb to the exciting feeling of the vibrator.

Carla stared with triumph, as Suzy's look of strained tolerance melted into
mischievous lust.

"Ohhh. Don't you ever cum?" Suzy cried, out impatiently feeling her clit
beginning to tingle with each thrust of the transsexual's cock.

"It is not so bad now, is it?" Carla groaned, feeling Suzy's ass quivering
slightly with her thrusts.

"Hurry and finish! This isn't right!" Suzy cried out, feeling herself getting
more and more aroused, as the transsexual's cock was thrusting into her ass
hole fast and deep and roughly. She stared up at the pretty transsexual, and
saw her clinching her teeth. Carla squeezed Suzy's hip flesh tightly, and
pulled her tightly to her crotch. "Ohhh!" Suzy finally gasped, as she felt the
rough friction of Carla's cock in her ass become silky smooth with her cum.

"Yes lover! Yes! Tell me you loved it!" Carla grunted deeply, as she pounded
away at Suzy's ass.

"Yes! Yes!" Suzy grunted in return, as she tried to push the vibrator closer
to her clit so that she could cum again too. Carla leaned over and pressed her
meager cock into Suzy's tight hole, spurting the last of her meager orgasm
into Suzy's ass.

"Oh lover." Carla moaned, falling down between Suzy's legs, to lay down on top
of her. Suzy felt Carla's stiff dick slip out of her butt, and rest between
her ass cheeks. Suzy returned Carla's deep kiss, as she rested on top of her,
gasping and panting. "It was good, the Greek way, was it not?"

"It wasn't bad." Suzy groaned with shame, as she felt Carla's slick prick
grow soft between her buttocks. Her butt cheeks were wet with the mixture of
Carla's semen and her sweat. The bad part was, was that she was still so horny
and unsatisfied.

"OH MY!" Carla groaned with surprise, as she heard the knocking on the door.

She quickly jumped up from the bed and slipped her skirt back on. "Carl is
here already!"

Carla quickly repaired her appearance and then let Carl in. Twenty minutes
later Suzy was alone again, and groaning in discomfort, as she attempted to
adjust to the new, even larger dildo that Carl had forced into her cunt.

Meanwhile, back in the United States, Brad was laying on the floor of his new
apartment, drunk and unconscious. Three empty whiskey bottles adorned the
kitchen table. The calendar on the table had a giant circle marked on the
upcoming Monday.

Continued

*****************************************************************************
All of my stories are now available at the Alt.Sex.Stories Text Repository,
also known as ASSTR.Org. Along with my own stories, I also have stories by
other authors, most notably, Musker, Thumb, & Not My Story, as well as from
the best of my personal archives. Enjoy!
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/tedebear/




Subject:      Suzy's Honeymoon (Day 5)  (m/F, M+/F, M+/m Inter, NC, Rape,
              Humil, Blackmail, Toys, Fist, Sad, Viol, Cheat, Oral, Anal)
Date:         1997/01/18


                     * Suzy's Honeymoon, Day five*



"Oh Brad." groaned Suzy, as her husband held her naked body close to his and
kissed her deeply.

Suzy reached down and took his huge manhood in her hand, caressing it softly
in her dainty hand. Her chest heaved anxiously under her handsome, muscular
husband. She swam in his caresses and returned them with equal desire.

"Are you ready?" Brad groaned softly into her ear.

She nodded, and guided his throbbing manhood to her pussy, so that he could
connect with her. She pressed the head of his prick against her warm weeping
opening, and let him press into her. His head spread her tight opening
slightly, and she let out a high pitched cry.

"I'm sorry. Are you all right?" he asked, with a note of concern in his
voice as he pulled out of her quickly.

She grabbed a hold of his shaft, and held it close to her pussy, to keep him
from escaping.

"It's fine. Don't worry. I want to!" she whispered into his ear. "Just do it
slow. I like it."

She was so close to her period, and now that they were married, they could
have children. She wanted him inside of her. She wanted his baby. Brad pressed
forward again, slipping the head of his penis into her. She held back her
groans, to keep from scaring him again. She wrapped her legs around his butt,
and pushed against him. He let out a groan of pleasure, and she felt his shaft
sliding deep inside of her, past her virgin barrier.

"Yes! That's it!" she groaned, feeling his massive girth spreading her wide.

"Oh god!" he gasped deeply, as he began slowly reaming her hot, wet, tight
pussy with his cock.

She held him tight, and kissed him passionately, as he began to slowly
increase his pounding of her love hole.

"Brad! Oh Yes!" she cried out, feeling his cock skewering deeply inside of her,
as he began to cum.

She pushed on his butt with her hands, to force every inch of his incredible
prick into her virgin womb. He grunted and gasped on top of her, as his semen
spurted out in great hot spurts. She ground her crotch against his, and felt
herself shivering all over, as she experienced her first vaginal orgasm ever.
She closed her eyes and held his buttocks in her hands, feeling him tense and
thrust himself inside of her.

"Suzy!"

"Yes! Yes!" she groaned, feeling herself thrusting against his huge cock.

"Suzy! Wake Up!"

"Oh Yesss." she groaned wildly.

"Wake up lover! It is me, your lover, Carla!"

"Oh!" she exclaimed, as she stopped grinding her hips in the bed, as she
massaged her clit with her hand.

"Oh! What the..." she said, as she opened her eyes and looked about the room.

"Oh my god!" she gasped in distress, as she looked at Carla, who was standing
beside her bed with Carl. 

She had been masturbating herself all along. It had all been a dream. She
cringed in embarrassment, pulling the blanket up around her naked body.

"Come lover, we have much for you to do today." Carla said, as she took Suzy
and led her into the bathroom to get showered and dressed. Carl met her as
she emerged from the bathroom fresh and clean, giving her her daily injections
of hormones and hallucinogens. From her plush room, she was led down to the
dinning room, where Carla sat her down in front of a plate of delicacies, and
a script.

"Here lover, This is what I want you to rehearse. I have found you a real
acting job for today's activities."

Suzy picked up the papers sitting before her and began to read them.

"What is this?" she said, looking over to Carla with a look of disbelief. "I
can't say this. It's not right."

"Please lover, let us not forget your place here. You will recite this speech
because you must, if you wish to return to your precious husband Brad." Carla
admonished.

Suzy stared down at the script and frowned in distaste. "But ... it's racist!
I could never say these things and mean it, even while acting!" she explained
with a worry.

"Do not worry lover. We will help you to get into the mood. This movie was
specially ordered from someone in your own country. Now eat, you will need
your energy for this afternoon's work." Carla said, patting her on the
shoulder comfortingly.

Suzy ate a big breakfast, and Carla led her to the back of the sound stage to
rehearse her scene. "We have arranged an acting partner, to help you get into
the part of being an American racist. Carla opened a door to a plain cinder
block room. Suzy felt her hand on her shoulder, gently pushing her forward
into the room.

"Hey wait?" she complained, as she turned to see Carla closing the door
behind her, and then heard her latching it shut. She cursed Carla under her
breath, as she tried to open the door.

"Hey Girl! Come on over here! I'm the one who'll make sure that you read those
lines convincingly." a deep voice said.

Suzy turned around with apprehension, and faced her new trainer. "Sir. I don't
want to read these lines. Please understand I really don't feel this way about
anyone."

"Shut up bitch! I know that you're just a whore! Hot Damn! You've even got
nipple rings and all. You're just a skinhead whore, and you gonna play that
part for the camera now. You gonna make me some good money, so get that
through your thick head now." said the large bald man, sitting behind the desk.
He was dark as night, and as muscular as an ox.

"No, you don't understand. They cut my hair and put these rings in me, I'm
really not this way." she replied.

"You can call me Rodney, you fucking pig. Now sit down and start reading me
those lines."

"Rodney sir, please understand..." she started to plead out of embarrassment.

Rodney rose from the desk and stood up, really dwarfing her short slender
frame by at least a foot. She looked up at him timidly and when she opened her
mouth to explain further, she was knocked down into the chair by his open
handed slap. She dropped her head to her knees in pain, as her ears rang, and
the side of her face became numb.

"Please don't." she cried, "I'll do whatever you want! Just please don't hit
me again!"

"All right then, now start reading!" the large dark man hissed, as he stood
above her looking impatient.

Suzy picked the script up, and began to read the lines about Nazi superiority
softly to the man. He frowned deeper at her, and walked around behind her.
She looked suspiciously around, as she readied herself for another blast from
his huge hand. Instead he placed his hands on her shoulder and gently began
massaging her back.

"Relax now. I want you to read that, like the pig you are. You are a Nazi,
niger hating, white whore. That's what you are, now ain't you little piggie?"

"No, I'm really not. I'm here by mistake." she cried out in pain, as Rodney's
gentle massaging, turned into a rough pinching of her shoulder.

"No! That's wrong! You are a niger hating little Nazi whore! Isn't that right?
I've seen the video's of you fucking dogs, and little boys! You're a whore!
Now tell me that you're a whore!" grunted the large man, as his hand reached
down, and pulled Suzy's nipple out by the gold ring protruding through her
gown.

"Yes! Yes!" she cried out loudly, as she squirmed beneath him, trying to
rescue her nipple from his painful tugging. "I'm a whore! Yes I'm a whore!
I'll do everything you ask!"

"Good girl! Now read that like you're real angry!" Rodney commanded.

She felt him release her nipple, and she quickly picked up the script, and
started reading the words louder, and more emphatically. Rodney stepped back
with dissatisfaction, as he unzipped his trousers, and fished out his organ.
She looked nervously over at him, as she read the words, he wagged his long,
thick cock teasingly beside her. She said the profane words that she never
could have imagined ever saying before her nightmare in Turkey began.

"Hold on BITCH! I don't believe you one bit! I want you to say 'Niger', like
you really hate us, I want you to talk about white men like they ARE superior!
Do you understand me?" he said, stepping forward, and pulling her up by her
arm. "And if you don't have me believing you by the time my pecker hits your
ass hole. I'm gonna make you believe it for real! Now what do you want? My
dick in your cunt, or up your ass?"

"No not my butt. Please wait." she cried, as she felt him lift her night gown
up over her rear and pushed her down on the desk. She felt his rough callused
hand press against her crotch, and pull her labia apart.

"What's it gonna be whore? This?" he chuckled, as he slipped his finger into
her warm vagina and twisted it around slowly. "Or this!" he laughed, as he
pulled his finger out and forced it into her tight anal sphincter.

"No! Not that!" she exclaimed, in fear and humiliation, as she clinched her
fists, holding the script tightly in her hands. She began reciting the words
with conviction finally. Rodney was somewhat pleased, and pulled his finger
out of her ass, slipping it back into her pussy. She concentrated on spitting
out the venumous words, with the most hatred that she could summon.

"That's it you fucking pig! Tell us how you hate all of us brothers! You do it
real good, and I'll fuck your pussy real good for you!" he said, as he pressed
another finger into the little blonde's pussy, and wiggled it around roughly,
as he worked up her lathering wetness. Replacing his fingers with the purple
head of his thick prick, he slowly slipped it into her warm tunnel. She never
skipped a line, as he drove his long thick cock into her wet hole. "You are
one fucking loose whore! I can barely feel your cunt on my cock!"

"... And the white race will overcome the evil Nigers!" she hissed, as best as
she could, while the big black man continued to thrust into her vagina.

She was able to ignore him easier and easier, as her pussy moistened itself,
lubricating her passage for his huge tool. She felt him pull his cock from her,
and then he stood behind her quietly. She had one more page to read, and she
thought that she would be able to finish it convincingly, before he decided to
bugger her.

"I ain't never felt a whore as young as you, with a cunt so damned loose! I'll
bet that you've had miles of cock in your pussy already! You Fucking Pig!
Shout out that fucking hatred before, I rip your ass open with my cock!" he
shouted, as he sat down in the chair behind her.

"... and when the white men unite to defeat the animals which inhabit our
cities." she shouted out with fake anger.

She felt his finger slip back into her pussy, and begin to slide around
inside of her. One finger was replaced by two, then three, and finally all
four of his fingers were inside of her no longer tight cunt. She continued to
read on, as he stretched her cunt even wider and wider with his fingers. He
had not yet even begun to hurt her, but his large fingers made her intimately
aware of his intentions and she started reading faster.

" . . . . TO DEFEAT THE PLAGUE OF NIGERS THAT. Oh stop please, your hurting
me!" she pleaded, as she felt his thumb press into her, as he made a fist with
his hand. She felt her vagina being spread open wider than even that huge
dildo that Carl had put in her the night before.

"I don't hear you reading cunt! I'm gonna fuck your ass!" Rodney hissed, with
an evil grin on his face.

She clinched her teeth and spread her legs, hoping to ease the discomfort. She
quickly adjusted to his painful game, as she started shouting the words out
again. "... And all nigers must be castrated to stop this dangerous breeding
that. OH GOD! FUCKING STOP!" she shouted, as swift the agony of taking his
entire hand into her cunt swept over her, and she felt her labia close up
around his thick wrist. She felt him open his hand up inside her, and prod her
pussy passage with his index finger. Her bladder was stinging painfully, as
his large fist wiggled around and pressed against it. She held back her tears,
as she stared back down at the script. ".. Is leading to. OH GOD! STOP! I'M
GOING TO PEE MYSELF!" she screamed, hoping to stop her embarrassing torment.

"Keep reading pig! You little whores can't hold your pee anyhow!" he teased,
as he alternated between making a fist inside of her, and stretching his
fingers out, to prod her uterus. Suzy began to cry out, as he pressed against
her bladder harder and harder.

"... AND WHEN THE LAST NIGER ON THIS PLANET IS." she shouted out helplessly,
as she felt herself letting go. "Oh GOD NO!" she cried out as her latest
debasement, forced her to relax her bladder, as she felt the warm liquid
flowing out of her and splashing loudly against the desk beneath her.

Rodney used his hand to push her up against the desk, so that none of her piss
would splatter on him. He sat there grinning in triumph, as he made the little
white girl squirm in his control. She cringed as the warm pee flowed down her
leg, as he clinched his fist inside of her, squeezing her bladder between his
hand and the desk. When the last drop had spurted from her hole, she lifted
her head from the desk, picked up the tear stained script, and began reading
again.

"... sent to hell for the savage." she cried, as loudly as she could, in her
embarrassment. Rodney continued to explore her cunt with his fist, prodding
her uterus, and stretching her vagina in unnatural ways. She finally finished
the script, and laid her head down on the desk, concentrating on keeping her
legs open, so that his fist fit inside of her more comfortably.

"Not bad you little whore! Now get down here and suck my cock. There ain't no
way I gonna get a nut in your huge cunt!" he said, as he pulled his hand back,
pulling her back with it.

He grinned and loosened his fist up inside her, allowing her over stretched
labia to expand enough to pull his hand free. She fell down on her knees,
cupping her crotch with her hand to ease the soreness. He quickly pulled her
face up to his thick cock, and pushed it into her mouth. She began sucking him
with her newly practiced skill. "Oh yeah! You are a good little whore! You
suck cock like a real pig!"

Suzy accepted his insults without looking up. Her only hope now was to make
him cum fast, so that she could be free to leave his menacing presence. She
sucked his thick organ deep into her mouth, and pressed her tongue into the
little hole in the head of his cock. He took a hold of her shoulders and
guided her movements on his shaft, to meet his desires. When he felt himself
near his eruption, he thrust deeply into her, until his nuts were on the verge
of release. She felt his prick thicken and twitch, and she smelled the pungent
musk of his crotch, as he forced his prickly pubic hair into her face. She
readied herself to swallow his thick goo, like she had been taught. Instead,
he pulled her up onto him. His cock slipped between her legs, as she was
guided back down onto his cock.

She cried out in surprise, as he thrust his cum bursting prick into her, 
thrusting it deeply into her womb as he sprayed it down with his baby making
seed. She began to weep softly, into his chest, as she sensed the warm cum
splashing against her cervix. Yet another unwanted moment, in which she might
end up pregnant. When he finally stopped grunting and squeezing her crotch
tightly against his, she looked down at him in wonder. If she had his son, it
would have this man's dark skin, large lips, and his hulking muscle, along
with the angry temperament. She cried for a short moment, before he stood up
and dropped her to the floor. She collapsed quietly onto the tile, hoping to
be left alone. She smelled a pungent odor and opened her eyes, to see herself
lying in the puddle of her own urine.

"Oh God! What next?" she thought to herself, as she cried, and crawled away
from the puddle, realizing that she had reached yet another level of
degradation. Her hair dripped with the stench of her own urine, as she leaned
back against the desk.

"God you're a filthy little whore! But I'll bet that you never felt such a big
cock in that white snatch of your's, have you?"

She looked up with hatred at this man who had insulted everything that she
stood for. Then, with resignation, she decided not to tell him the truth, in
favor of protecting herself from another slapping. "Yes, your cock was bigger
than anything I've ever felt inside me before." she said hesitantly.

"Yeah I know! And when you get back to the states and you have that little
black baby, I want you to bring him to me, so that I can raise him right! Now,
go through that script one more time, before I decide to stretch that little
ass hole of yours!"

She looked down at the floor in shame, then picked up the script and read the
lines again. This time she read them with a real anger and hatred, imagining
that the words were being directed toward this awful black man before her.

"She's ready for the shoot. That little whore is gonna give us one hell of a
scene when she reads that script. I thought that she actually meant every word
of it, the last time that she read it." he said, as he pushed her out into the
hall before Carla.

"I'm sure that your little plan worked well then. My, she does smell awful,
did you piss on her?"

"No she pissed herself, the little whore! Get her cleaned up so me and the
boys can shoot the video. We gotta be on the plane back to the states in the
morning."

"As you wish sir. I'm sure that she'll give you your money's worth." Carla
said, as she took Suzy by the arm and led her to the dressing room.

"I know she will! Damn bitch is a real hot little whore!" Rodney said, smiling
at Carla, apparently ignorant of her dual sexual nature.

Carla took Suzy to the dressing room and got her showered and perfumed. When
the make up woman was through with her, she looked fresh and clean again. Her
make up was applied thick and dark. She was dressed in a leather top and mini
skirt. Her Nazi swastika tattoo stood out proudly on her arm, proclaiming her
a white supremacist.

"This is the set. You are to read the speech that you rehearsed with Rodney,
I expect you understand what he wants?" Carla told her.

Suzy looked at her with apprehension and said, "I know what he wants, but why
me?" as she examined the set. Twenty young white teenaged boys sat in a room,
all wearing punk Nazi clothing like hers.

"You are a rare treat here. We could never pass one of our girls off as an
American very well. Our client has been awaiting an opportunity to make a
movie with a pretty young American girl. I understand that the laws in your
country keep them from filming such a film there. Their loss is our gain my
dear."

Carla led her up to a podium, in which a fresh script awaited her. She felt
trashy in the clothes, and more than slightly embarrassed, as the teenagers
eyed her with grins and chuckles.

"That boy over there is your boyfriend in this scene. Just follow my orders.
You will have to fuck him really good." Carla said, pointing to a young boy in
the front row. He couldn't have been more than barely fifteen years old.

"Fuck him?" she sighed, as she realized that she really was nothing but a
whore film star, as long as she was here. She smiled meekly at him, hoping to
be polite to a potential father of her first child. He was fairly cute. He
almost looked like Brad had, when he was a freshman in high school.

"Yes, your new friend Rodney will help me direct this scene, so pay attention
to the both of us. Just follow our orders. Now get up there and get ready to
read the speech."

Suzy stood up on the podium, and stared out at all the cameras and the
teenaged boys sitting around in front of her. She heard Carla yell something,
and the set grew quiet. Then she called for her to begin the speech.

With a slight nervous tone, she began reading the script, with all of the
anger that she could muster. The boys sitting in front of her shouted and
clapped their hands on cue, at the particularly crude remarks she was making.
She had nearly finished the first page when Rodney interrupted her.

"Come on Bitch! Like we rehearsed! Tell us how you hate Nigers, and want us
all dead! I'm gonna fuck that tight little ass of yours if you fuck it up now!"

She frowned fearfully, as she realized that he wasn't joking. She closed her
eyes and focused all of her anger upon the brutal black man standing beside
Carla. When she spoke again, she shouted the words of venom out at the
teenaged boys, as convincingly as if she really meant them. She condemned the
blacks and the Jews, and then called for the extermination of all impure races.
She could hardly believe that she was saying the words on the paper. In fact,
she could hardly believe that anyone would believe them at all. When she
finished shouting the words out, the audience of teenaged boys rose and gave
her a standing ovation. The boy who was acting as her boyfriend stood up, and
approached her. He took her in his arms and led her down and off the set.

"Very good lover, I was convinced!" Carla said, as she led Suzy and her
partner across the sound stage to another set. "This next scene is where you
will be able to prove your acting ability my dear. This scene will start with
just the four of you, so enjoy yourself."

Carla presented Suzy to her teenaged boyfriend, who led her onto the set. She
was apprehensive about what was going to happen to her. She didn't believe
that the black men from America wanted anything but to humiliate her on camera.

"Action lover, the film is rolling. Enjoy your little party now." Carla
shouted out.

She looked over at her, and breathed a sigh of relief when she didn't see
Rodney beside her anymore.

She felt a hand on her elbow, and looked up to see the handsome teenager,
guiding her down onto a long bench beside a pool table. The set reminded her
of a typical basement back home. There was a pool table in the center of the
small set. In addition to her movie boyfriend, there were two other handsome
young teenaged boys. She betrayed a smile, when she heard her movie boyfriend
speak to her in English. He complimented her smile, and offered her a drink.
She looked over at Carla, beside the camera, and saw her motioning for her to
follow along. Fifteen minutes later she had finished two vodkas, and was
actually feeling freer than she had felt that day. Her movie boyfriend had
begun to pet her tenderly, and she was feeling horny from the attention.
Minutes later she found herself being guided down to his crotch, as he sat
watching his pals play pool in front of him.

Suzy had overcome her sexual inhibitions a few days ago, and when he gently
guided her to her knees before him, and unzipped his fly, she knew he wanted
a blow job. Without looking up, she made herself comfortable, and pulled his
prick free of his trousers. Within a minute she had sucked it to stiffness,
and felt him taking a hold of her head with his hands.

"Uhmmm." she groaned, as he held her head still, and forced her to deep throat
him.

It was not the deep throating that alarmed her, but the knocking on the door.
She suckled his stiff rod warmly, as she heard a door opening up behind her.
Her boyfriend let go of her, and pulled himself up in the chair, just as she
heard a loud smacking of fist to skin. She turned around and Rodney stood in
the doorway, pulling his fist back to take another swing at the young teenaged
boy who had answered the door. He was already bowed over in pain from the
punch to his stomach.

"Be careful boys, these Nazi's might have knives!" shouted Rodney with
excitement, as he rounded the pool table, heading for her and her movie
boyfriend. She watched her movie boyfriend stand up, standing between her and
the large black man.

"Get out of my house you filthy niger!" he said, and then he, as Rodney
planted his huge foot in his belly. Suzy was halfway up, as her boyfriend fell
to the ground before her, leaving her basically alone in front of Rodney.
Rodney took a hold of her hair, and held her at waist level, while the six
other black men tied up the three white teenagers. As soon as the three boys
were bound and laid out on the bench, she saw that her turn had arrived.
Rodney attached a leather dog collar around her neck, and then attached a
chain to it.

"My! My! I'm sorry missus, We didn't mean to interrupt your little niger
bashing party!" Rodney shouted boldly, as he held the chain attached to her
collar.

"What do you want?" she groaned, in confusion. She looked around the set and
saw that the cameras and stage hands were still filming the scene. She slowly
began to realize this was going to be a revenge movie, and she was the object
of their hatred. "Please don't hurt me!" she cried softly, realizing her
submissive position.

"Come on boys, let's give the missus what she wants!" Rodney shouted.

Suzy watched a skinny black man wrap the chain, attached to her collar, around
the post of the pool table. When Rodney released her, She tried to stand up,
but only managed to raise her head to the level of the pool table. Looking
around, she realized why. All the black men were stripping off their trousers
and shirts.

"You're afraid of all these big ol black cocks here, ain't you bitch!" Rodney
chuckled.

She looked around, nervously gazing at the scene before her. In a circle
around her were four very large black men, with equally large erections.
Behind them, were three more black men who were beating and taunting the three
poor white teenagers that she had shared the set with earlier. Realizing that
she would be beaten, if she were not submissive, she pouted and cried out the
lies that they wanted to hear.

"Please don't rape me. Your too big. You'll hurt me with your huge black
cocks."

"Yeah that's right Bitch!" Rodney grunted, in mounting excitement.

He pushed two of his black buddies aside, and pointed to the three teenaged
boys on the bench, now trembling naked on the bench after the other three men
had torn their clothes off.

"You're used to that little white cock over there, ain't you?" Rodney laughed
out loud, as he pointed to the boy who was Suzy's movie boyfriend.

He sat there meekly staring at her, skinny and frail, compared to the large
black men dominating the scene. His mouth had been duct taped, and his hands
bound behind his back, as were his other two friends. Suzy looked up at Rodney
and nodded.

"CUT!" Carla shouted from behind the camera then added, "Suzy! Beg for your
boyfriend's safety! Beg not to be raped!" Suzy looked about nervously,
wondering how she could possible please them. "If you don't, you know what
will happen." Suzy frowned, as the thoughts of the dog raping her crossed her
mind. She squirmed a bit and looked sadly over to her movie boyfriend. "Ready
... Roll the cameras!"

"Please don't hurt him! I love him!" she cried, trying to convince Rodney of
her sincerity. Carla smiled and stepped back.

"Let's show him what his little white bitch is made of boys!" Rodney shouted,
as he pointed his stiff prick at Suzy's face. "Suck it real good bitch, or
we'll cut his nuts off!"

"No! Please don't! Anything! Just leave him alone!" she gasped quickly, before
Rodney parted her lips with his semi-rigid cock.

She sucked his thick meat into her mouth, as she had done so many other times
this week. She felt no lust for this man, but she knew what was expected of
her. Within minutes she had sucked his cock rigid, until it prodded dangerously
deep into her throat. Holding her breath, she felt it slide down her throat,
until his coarse pubic hairs were pressed against her nose. When he pulled out,
he let her suck it for a few more strokes, before pulling it free from her
mouth with a loud pop.

"Yeah this slut loves black cock! Don't you whore?" Rodney groaned loudly, as
he smiled at his friends.

"Ohh Yess!" Suzy groaned theatrically. She looked up at Rodney, expecting him
to push it back into her mouth, but instead he reared his hand back and
slapped her face hard.

"You stupid bitch! You hate Nigers! Now do it again!" he hissed, as he thrust
his prick back into her mouth.

This time he forcefully jammed it down her throat, until she was bucking for
air. When he released her, she fell back on her butt gasping.

"Yeah this slut loves black cock! Don't you whore?" he repeated, with anger in
his voice.

"Nooo. It's much too big! Please stop!" she cried out with real fear in her
voice.

Rodney smiled, and moved aside to let the next man take a turn at throat
fucking her. She spent the next twenty minutes staring at the black crotches
of the men who took turns fucking her mouth. Each time, she carefully made
sure that it appeared that she wasn't enjoying herself. She even complained
about their size, between breaths, for their enjoyment. When she had sucked
the seven men into full erection, she found herself being led by her dog
collar over to her terrified movie boyfriend. Rodney placed her doggie style
in front of the three naked teenaged boys, who where tied down to the bench.
He knelt down behind her, and slowly massaged her ass cheeks under the tight
leather skirt.

"Your little white boy! I bet your cracker ass wished you could have some of
this tight white pussy don't ya?" taunted Rodney, as he waved his erection at
Suzy's rear.

She looked back to see the white teenagers shaking back and forth in their
bonds.

"Listen cracker. Listen to the girl scream when I stick it into her!" he said,
as she felt him squeeze her ass cheeks, as he pressed his thick cock meat
against her pussy, and then thrust forward. She felt it slip inside her
stretched out pussy.

"Ohhhh." she groaned half heartedly.

She felt his hand squeezing her butt cheeks painfully and she took the cue.
"OHHH! GOD NO! It's too big! Please take it out!" she gasped.

Rodney smiled as he thrust it all of the way into her, until his prick head
touched her cervix. She shook beneath him, trying to get away.

"YEAH! TAKE IT ALL BITCH!" he crowed. "Your bitch is dripping wet for my fat
cock, you HONKY bastard."

He brutally thrust into her for five solid minutes, as he built up his wad.
She felt him twitching and squeezing her rear, with his muscular hands, and
guessed that he was close to cuming inside of her again. She closed her eyes,
and prayed that she wouldn't get pregnant by him.

"Here it comes, you white racist cunt! Feel my hot cum fill your little white
pussy up! I'm gonna make your little girlfriend pregnant, you dumb cracker!"
he shouted, as he thrust deeply into her.

She felt his hot jets of sperm wetting her insides. A moment later he was
through. He pulled his wet prick from her pussy, and stood proudly in front of
her.

"She ain't ever gonna fuck your little white prick no more cracker boy! Look
at that pussy drippin that black cum."

She indeed felt the sticky goo dripping from her pussy, and onto the tile
floor.

"Hell white boy! You ain't good for nuthin no more! We gonna make you into
what you is, a dumb white bitch just like your woman here!" Rodney shouted
triumphantly.

She looked up from her position on the floor, to see two of the black men
ripping the tape from her movie boyfriend's mouth. One of the men took a knife
and waved it before his face, before smacking him in the face with his cock.

"Suck your boy's cock whore! He gonna get one last cum before we turn him into
a girl!"

She felt him tug her collar, until she nearly choked. Understanding her roll,
she crawled over to the once handsome teenager's bench and began sucking his
cock with her mouth. She felt him grow stiff in her mouth, and then she felt
a hand on her behind. She knew that one of the other black men was taking up
his position behind her, and she would soon feel his cock plowing into her
pussy.

"Here it comes BOY, your girl is going to get another big black cock in her
cunt!" chanted the man behind her, as he slowly plowed his dick into her.

She ignored the taunting, and concentrated on making the boy cum. She felt
sorry that he was being taunted so, and hoped to give him some pleasure. She
felt him squirming underneath her. Looking up, she saw a black man forcing his
big prick into the teenager's mouth. She stared for a long moment, and then
returned to her sucking duty, disturbed by the look on the poor boy's face as
he was forced to suck the black man's cock.

"Here you go girl! Fuck his ass while you suck his dick!" Rodney commanded,
pulling her up by the hair, and placing a big black dildo into her hand. She
looked around in confusion and humiliation.

"Stick that big black rod into your boyfriend's ass, or Cal there is gonna
stick his log up yours!" taunted Rodney.

She frowned and stared at the rubber tool, it was already greased up and ready
to be inserted in the teenager's ass. Not wishing to push her own fate, she
held the rubber dildo up against the boy's puckered anus, and slowly twisted
it, until it slipped into his butt. She felt Rodney push her head back down
onto his prick, so she continued her sucking him off, while she fucked the
dildo in and onto of his ass.

"When you boyfriend cums in your mouth, I don't want you to spill a drop of
that jism, and I don't you to swallow none of it either!" commanded the
menacing black man standing beside her.

A moment later, she felt the handsome teenager bucking and thrusting in her
mouth, erupting his semen in short spurts. As commanded she didn't spill a
drop, and didn't swallow any. Rodney smiled, as his buddy continued to plow
her pussy from behind, until he too finally erupted inside of her cunt. As
soon as his pal pulled his prick from her, he pulled her up by her hair, and
made her stand in front of the boy, in humiliation. The black man who had been
forcing his cock down the boy's throat pulled out, and stood beside him, while
Rodney pushed her up onto her boyfriend.

"Give your boyfriend a nice long slow kiss! And don't spill none of that cock
juice while you doing it!"

She shook her head back and forth, pleading for mercy, but to no avail. He
pushed her on top of the boy, and gave him a sad sorrowful look. She pressed
her lips to his and tried to tongue him. The boy resisted for a moment, but
then gave in, when he felt the knife touching his rib cage. She felt the wad
of cum drain from her mouth into his, while they kissed.

"OK, enough of this lover's reunion bitch! You and the boy got some scores to
settle!" Rodney shouted.

She was pulled up and away from the boy, and laid down on the pool table. She
felt her legs guided carefully over the sides, and her knees spread wide apart.
She looked over to the three tied boys, and watched as the black men threw
them onto the ground, forcing them to kneel like she had been doing a few
moments ago. As she felt the large black man's cock slide into her cum soaked
cunt, she heard the first boy cry out, as one of the black men pushed his cock
into his teenaged ass. The cameras around the set where moving around quickly
to capture all of the action that was being played out simultaneously.

"You like that black cock, don't you bitch?" cried the man pumping into her.

Suzy grunted out a curse at him, as she thought she was supposed to. He fucked
her for a long time on the pool table, before she finally felt him gush deep
inside of her, and then cursed her for being such a whore. The next man who
took up his position on her was the largest of the group, and Suzy grunted
somewhat as he pushed his two inch thick cock into her.

"You're starting to like it now, ain't ya bitch!" grunted the man, as he began
thrusting into her.

Suzy gave the expected curse of hatred.

"Start likin it Bitch! It's in the script! Start moving your white ass like
your enjoyin it!"

Suzy realized that he wasn't joking, and pushed her crotch up against his. He
smiled and laughed with his friends. She put on a lustful show, as she was
expected to. She knew that it would be over faster, if she didn't have to do
anything over again. When the man fucking her finally came inside of her, she was
bucked wildly and begged for more. She even pulled his cock to her mouth, to
clean his prick off with her tongue.

"Who do you love now, cracker bitch?" Rodney chuckled at her, as he slammed
his cock into the teenaged boy's ass.

She felt pity for the handsome boy. She wondered if he knew what he was
getting into when he read the script the first time. The boy looked at her
with a grimace of pain and humiliation. She knew what she was expected to say,
and she didn't hesitate to vow her allegiance to the powerful black man.

"Oh I love black cock! I never knew it could be this great! Give me more!" she
cried over to Rodney passionately. He smiled at her and thrust deep into the
boy until he grunted.

"Get over here and suck my balls bitch!" he grunted, as he pulled his cock
from the boy's ass and stood up.

She carefully climbed down from the pool table, and knelt before Rodney to do
as he asked. She felt the cum drooling down her thighs, from her sopping wet
pussy. Just as she stuck her tongue out, to lick his scraggly large ball sack,
he took her by the hair, and pushed her back.

"There you go bitch! Get on your back so that your boyfriend can lick that
pussy of yours clean of our black cum!"

She watched curiously, as he positioned the handsome teenager on top of her,
so that his limp prick hung over her mouth. She wondered just what was next,
and then she felt the cute boy shove his face into her crotch, and begin
licking her labia with his tongue. She wondered if she should respond to his
licking, until she saw Rodney kneeling behind him, as he had before. She
watched in fright, as the big black man forced his large cock back into the
boy's butt. From her position under him, she realized that this is where he
wanted her to suck his balls from. She lifted her head and pulled his sack
between her lips, and suckled them, while he pumped his cock in and out of the
boy's ass hole. She felt the boy cleaning her pussy of the previous man's cum
with his mouth, and she felt pity for him.

"Oh yeah you dumb HONKY! Feel the power!" Rodney crooned loudly, as he jammed
his tool into the boy hard and then pulled it completely out.

She stared in disgust, as the teenager's anus slowly closed up before her. he
pushed his cock into her mouth, just as he began to spurt. The first stream
streaked across her cheek, before he could get it shoved into her mouth. She
sucked on him powerfully, as he stroked his length in and out of her tight
lips. Her mouth filled with his cum quickly, and she fought against spitting
it out. She felt him withdraw his cock from her mouth, and she was immediately
blinded by the bright lights of the video cameras.

"Get up bitch! Go clean your fuckin shitty face! And you can come with us, if
you really feel like getting some more black cock!" he grunted to her.

She swallowed the mouthful of cum, as she watched the boy roll over onto his
back weakly. She realized that she was to walk off of the set with Rodney and
his black friends. She stood up, and Carla motioned for her to stand still for
a moment, while the camera examined her. She looked down at her tired, used
body. She wiped her face with her palm, and saw streaks of brown shit mixed in
with Rodney's cum. She wanted to gag, but decided not to risk a retake. She
let him lead her out through the door on the set.

"Cut! Marvelous! Rodney my dear, How did you like our little girl's
performance?" Carla said as she beamed proudly, as Suzy walked around to the
front of the set.

"The bitch is alright! Big pussy though." Rodney grunted in exhaustion.

Suzy looked down at the floor in shame, as she contemplated how larger her
pussy had really become. She wondered if Brad would feel the same way, when
she returned to him in a few days, knowing for sure that they had completely
ruined her young, youthful body with those ever increasingly larger dildos.

"Very good! Let's get her back to the dressing room then, so that she can be
ready for your next video taping." Carla said, as she wrapped a robe around
Suzy's near naked body and led her over to the dressing room.

Suzy shot movies with Rodney and his black friends for the remainder of the
day, and long into the night. Most all of the scenes were very degrading.
Rodney directed the men to treat her like a dog, and she was ordered to beg
for more. When Carla finally came for her late that night, She could no longer
feel her pussy or her nipples. The men had fondled and fucked her for so long,
that it had become purely an act for her. They had cum so much, that the men
had resorted to drugs, in order to maintain their erections. When they had to
cum, they had to use a squirt bottle, to simulate their cum. By the number of
slutty dresses that they had put her in, she guessed that they had shot ten
movies, with her as the star. She was overjoyed to see the transsexual finally
come to take her away.

"You did a wonderful job of keeping up with them lover. I will have a man sent
in to give you a massage tonight, before you go to sleep." Carla said, as she
led Suzy back to her room.

She looked up at her with exhaustion and begged, "No more men! Please! I'm
exhausted!" hoping for mercy.

"No lover, this won't be sexual. Ralph will message you professionally. Carl
says that your body will be sore, and that a massage would help. You only have
two days remaining with us, and we must take good care of you until then."

Carla led her to her room, and let her shower and rest. Carl arrived with the
masseur thirty minutes later. He applied salve to her pussy and inserted the
largest dildo yet inside of her. The rubber rod was huge, and she felt as
though she was giving birth, as it stretched her open unmercilessly. Carl
placed the belt on her to hold it in, and left her with Ralph, the masseur.
Fifteen minutes into his back rub, she was asleep, so he left her alone. He
had heard of Carla's busy plans for her for the next day.




                              Suzy's Honeymoon
                                   (Day 6)
                               By Ted E. Bear

(m+/F, M/F, nc, blackmail, tort, anal, oral, exhib, toy)
*****************************************************************************
WARNING:
This story is fiction, and should be treated as such. The following story is
for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit
sex.  If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, DO NOT read
any further. If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read it.

This is a copyrighted work.    Copyright 2003 by Ted E. Bear. Reposting or
any other use of it is strictly prohibited without the express, written
permission of the copyright holder, except that it may be posted as part of a
review or posted to a free-access, noncommercial archive sites.
DISCLAIMER:
All characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone either alive or dead
is purely coincidental.

Please!    Send me your comments!

Email to "Ted E. Bear" tedebear690@yahoo.com
**************************************************************
Note: The original author of the series, Glaucus, gave up on it many years
ago, after writing about the first five days, but gave his permission, for
anyone else who wanted to continue it, to do so. The email addresses and
website that he was using at the time are no good anymore, so Glaucus, if you
see this, please contact me.

Ted E. Bear
**************************************************************

Suzy, although she slept through the night, due to her extreme exhaustion,
didn't have a very restful night, as she had nightmares the entire night over
how big and loose and sloppy her pussy had become in the five days that she
had been imprisoned, abused and raped. Her first nightmare was of her
attempting to make love to Brad, her husband, who had a nice thick seven
and a half inch cock. But as he thrust it into her, it went in so fast that
neither of them could even feel it, and in the end, neither of them had an
orgasm, as there was no friction developed. After that, the rest of her
nightmares involved her having sex with large animals, such as horses and
bulls, as in her mind, she wouldn't be able to feel anything but the largest
of animals.

"No! Oh God No!" she screamed as she dreamed of screwing an elephant.

"Suzy! Wake up! Lover you're having a nightmare." a suddenly concerned
Carla exclaimed, as she shook the girl to wake her up.

Suzy awoke with a start, her eyes popping open, and looking around in fear,
as at that moment, she truly believed that they were making her have sex with
an elephant, whose cock was as big as her husband's leg, and the head of its
prick was about the size of a baby's head. She was so upset and frightened by
her dream, that she was noticeably shaking, her teeth were chattering, as if
she were freezing cold.

"Oh lover, you must have been having a terrible nightmare." the transsexual
said, as she hugged the naked newly-wed bride in her arms, rocking them
both back and forth, trying to comfort her, and soothe her fears.

"Oh Carla, what have you people done to my pussy? Those black men
yesterday said that even with their long, thick cocks, that they couldn't feel
anything inside of my pussy. You've stretched me out so, that I'll never be
able to give Brad a good time inside of me nor feel any pleasure myself." she
said, and then broke down in a fit of tears.

"Oh darling, my lover, don't you worry. It's a temporary thing, that was
necessary to get you through this. That's why we've forced you to sleep with
a dildo inside of you. Once you stop sleeping with your pussy filled with a
dildo, it will shrink right back to being a nice, tight little hole, that your
Brad will just love to fuck." she advised the crying woman, hoping for the
girl's sake, that what she had just said was true.

"Now let's get you up, washed and dressed. Then we'll go and have
something to eat. You do have a schedule today, but not so hectic, because
you worked so late last night. Come on, I promise you that everything will
turn out alright." she said.

Suzy knew that she didn't really have much of a choice, she could cooperate,
and at least get out of this crazy place, relatively unscathed, or she could
fight them, in which case they'd rape her anyway, and maybe they wouldn't let
her leave on Monday, as a punishment. So she nodded her head in agreement,
and, let Carla unsnap her crotch strap. Today, because she was so shaken up,
her overseer even helped her get the unbelievably huge dildo out of her pussy.

She then took a nice, long, hot bath. Even though they played porno movies
the entire time that she lay there, letting her muscles relax in the hot water,
she felt relaxed again. When she finally got out, her muscles didn't ache
anymore, other than the ones between her legs, which were still a little sore,
from the gross overuse during the past five days. She brushed her teeth and
gargled, then put on what looked like to her, a parody of a little girl's
school uniform, and she assumed that she was going to be a school girl today,
at least to start out with. As she came out of the bathroom, Carla was
reentering the room.

"Ah lover, I see that you are ready. I'm famished too, so let's go get
something to eat." the big breasted transsexual said cheerily.

As the two of them walked down the hall to the dinning room, Suzy couldn't
help but to be greatly troubled over what they had done her most cherished
possession, her pussy. Carla wanted to start in on the script, but knew that
Suzy was troubled, so she talked about anything but sex or what she would
have to do today.

After they ate, they went over to Carl's office, so that Suzy could get her
injections, and then they went on to the sound stage. As she had suspected, it
looked like a typical classroom. The make up lady did her hair, spiking it up
like yesterday, and did her face lightly, other than the rich red lip stick,
so that she actually looked younger than she was.

Carla explained the scenario. She was to be the only girl in the class in a
school for delinquent students. The teacher, a man, was to be sort of a
forgetful sort, who wrote a lot on the blackboard, while not really paying
much attention to what was happening in the class, and also wouldn't notice
that she was changing seats, every time that the teacher turned his back on
them. Suzy was going to play the part of the class slut, making out and even
fucking the other boys, while the teacher had his back turned to them.

She looked the set over, and noticed that there were twenty-five student
desks, each with a boy sitting in it. "Where am I supposed to sit?" she asked
naively.

"You will literally sit in one of the boy's laps, and keep changing seats
through the shoot. You will start by sitting in the first seat by the door."
Carla said, pointing to where she wanted her to be.

Suzy sighed and walked over to where she was supposed to sit down. As she
moved to the front of the "class", she noted that all of the boys had their
pants unzipped, and their cocks hanging out, though none of them were erect
yet.

As she started to sit down, side saddle, on the designated boy's lap, Carla
yelled out, "NO lover! You need to sit down facing him, with your legs on
either side of his."

She got up and sat back down in the prescribed position. Since she wasn't
wearing any panties, and his cock was sticking out, this brought her pussy in
direct contact with his prick.

"Now lean into him, press your tits against his chest, and kiss him. Don't
forget to use your tongue." Carla ordered, as the cameras began recording the
event.

Evidently, the others had been instructed as to what to do, because as soon as
she began to kiss him, she could hear the "teacher" behind them begin
babbling something about math, and the boy whom she was French kissing,
began to unbutton her blouse, so that he could play with her naked tits and
ringed nipples. In almost no time at all, she was filled with lust, between
the shots she had been given and the boys fondling of her breasts and pulling
on her nipple rings. Only one thing mattered now, and that was having an
orgasm. She was sitting on the boy's lap, kissing him, while he played with
her tits, and his cock was becoming erect between her legs, as it wedged
itself between her drooling pussy lips.

Carla was staying behind the camera, but watching intently as to what was
going on in front of her. She quickly noticed that the boy's cock was now
snugly poised at the entrance of Suzy's cunt, and hollered out, "Lover, start
fucking him."

Suzy found herself not only doing as she was directed to do, but wanting to
do it, because of the hormones raging through her body, even though she felt
very bad about cheating on Brad, and letting yet another stranger empty a load
of his baby making juices into her unprotected womb. With a short sigh, she
began to bounce up and down on the boy's average sized dick. If it weren't
for the fact that as she did so, she was rubbing her clit along the top side
of his cock, she wasn't so sure that she would even be turned on, as she could
barely feel him inside of her. If it weren't for him playing with her tits, her
clit rubbing over his cock, and the hormones running wild inside of her, she
may not have even cooperated at this point, as she still felt that she had been
ruined, according to what the big black men said about her the day before.

The boy finally did cum inside of her, and she even managed to snap off two
minor orgasms while he did so. Carla then called for a stop. She came over to
Suzy and explained that as soon as one boy came inside of her, that she was
to get up and move to the next boy in the row, and when she came to the end
of a row, to move to the boy in the next row and so forth and so on. 

As she did as she was instructed to do, which was to sit in each boy's lap,
fuck him, and then move onto the next one, her mind basically turned to
mush, her only thoughts being those of having more and more orgasms, as
well as enjoying the feeling of having her large tits played with. This went
on for hours, as she fucked each of the twenty-five "boys" in the class room,
except for the last couple, as Carla had her stop with two still left go. 

Not only was she cheating on Brad, by having sex with all of these strange
boys, as she didn't stop fucking them until each and every one of them had
squirted a load of cum into her, and she had acted like a real slut, as she
was forced to reach down between her legs, grasp their cocks, and stuff them
into her cunt, and then she had to do all of the work, while fucking each of
the boys, as they manhandled her tits, with most of them twisting and pulling
her nipple rings viciously.

The whole time there were five cameras filming what was going on, and
except for a few cuts to the teacher's back, to show him looking away from
what was going on, as he chalked new numbers onto the blackboard, all five
cameras where on her, and her present partner, getting both closeups of her
riding the cock, the boys hands on her tits, and the expressions on both of
their faces. One of the cameras was a hand held one, and the camera man laid
on his back on the floor, slightly behind the coupling pair, as he aimed his
shots of the scene going on up, to show the boy's cock penetrating and then
retreating from Suzy's hairless, sloppy pussy, occasionally even catching
glimpses of her very erect clit. 

The "boys" she noted all appeared to be younger than her, as they all had
baby faces, that didn't need shaving or not very often. She could tell that
they were all taller than her, even though they were sitting down, as she had
to lean upwards, in order to kiss them. Even though they were all teenagers,
they had reasonably sized cocks, between average and Brad's size. Finally the
ordeal was over, or so Suzy thought.

"CUT! Great Suzy! Come get something to eat and drink, then we'll finish
the film." Carla said.

Suzy got up off of the last boys lap, and as the boys and the teacher wandered
over to a table, prepared for them and picked up something to eat and drink,
she went over to where Carla was. Carla had a nice big comfortable chair
there for her to sit down in, though she felt funny doing so, as the cum poured
out of her cunt, wetting her "school girl" skirt. Carla had a special treat for
her, a Cesar salad, lobster, a fancy rice dish and a six pack of cold cans of
Coke.

This was by far the best meal that she had had since she arrived. While it
wasn't her last night there, Carla looked upon it as her "last meal", knowing
what was expected of the poor girl the next day. It would have a two fold
benefit for her, as it should immediately perk her up, so that she'd look good
for the rest of the filming of this movie, plus put her in a better overall
mood about herself, and hopefully take her mind off of her stretched out cunt
long enough for her to finish her work here.

Suzy dug in like she hadn't eaten in weeks, and really made a pig of herself as
she ate a big bowl of salad, two one and a half pound lobsters, a whole
plateful of the rice and four cans of Coke. Carla sat there with her, and while
she also had the salad, rice and Cokes, she had a plain chicken breast for her
meat. Suzy and the transsexual carried on an animated conversation, about
anything and everything, except for sex or the movie that they were making.
Just as they were finishing, a chef brought in a baked Alaska, and flamed it,
right there in front of them. Again the two of them dug into the ice cream,
with Suzy making a pig of herself, but it was just what her mental state
needed, before she went back to finish filming the movie.

She then went to the bathroom, and relieved herself, and washed her face and
hands from the greasy food that she had just eaten. The make-up woman
touched up her make-up and her hair, then it was time to start filming again.

She was told to go to the next to the last boy, and pick up where she had left
off. This boy, while looking younger than the rest, nevertheless had the
biggest cock so far. It was easily an inch longer than Brad's and thicker too.
After that big meal, she didn't seem to mind so much having another fuck, as
she was both full and horny. She was made to kiss this boy even longer than
the others, while he really worked on her tits, so that by the time that she
had to put his cock into her cunt, she was past ready for it, and of course
the camera picked that up, by the expressions on her face as they made out and
again when she slid down onto his long, thick shaft, and began to ride him for
all she was worth.

She actually had two major and three minor orgasms while riding this boy
and her mind was again focused on her sexual pleasure as she got up to take
on the last boy in the classroom. Strangely, while older than her last partner,
this boy too had a larger cock than the rest of the boys, though not as large
as her last partner, but still bigger than Brad's. She was only made to make
out with him, as long as she had with the other boys and then rode him to two
terrific orgasms and a minor one as well.

Just as she was finished screwing the last boy, accepting his seed into her
unprotected womb, the teacher turned around and asked, in perfect English,
though with a French accent to it, "Suzy! What are you doing? How many
times do I have to tell you, that you're not here for your amusement. You're
here to learn. Now come up here right this second!"

Suzy had been doing this long enough now, to know that this was her cue to
do something, so she pulled off of the boy, turned around and walked to the
front of the class.

The teacher said, in his French accented English, "While I suspect that you
don't care whether you learn or not, as there is no way that you can learn
while fucking all the boys in the class and letting them play with your
delectable tits, you are also preventing them from learning. I think that its
time for you to learn a lesson in deportment, so I want you to bend over the
desk, and grab the other side of the desk."

"CUT! And Suzy don't move an inch!" Carla hollered out, as the cameras
ceased filming the scene.

After walking onto the set, and up to Suzy, she added, "Ok lover, here is what
I want you to do. When we begin again, you are to move up to the desk, so
that your hips are right up against it. Then I want you to make a show, of
spreading your legs wide apart, just before you lean over the desk, and grab
onto the edge of the opposite side of the desk. The teacher is then going to
paddle you, just ten strokes. I want you to scream in pain and cry as he swats
your behind with the paddle, but you are not to get up. You can grab on
tighter to the other side of the desk, but we will have to reshoot it if you
get up, and I know that you don't want to get paddled any more than you have
to. Then he's going to fuck you while you stay stretched out across his desk.
Do you understand what we want you to do?"

"Yes." Suzy replied, knowing that the paddling was probably really going to
hurt, but she had to either take it, so that they could do it in one shot, or
get paddled even more, if it took more than one shot. She hoped that this
would be over soon, so that she could go back to her room, and take a nice,
long hot bath, as she was tired, sore, and felt dirty.

When Carla was back behind the camera, she hollered out, "Ready? Ok,
begin!" as the cameras began recording again.

The teacher, unseen by Suzy,  first unzipped his pants and took out his cock,
which was as thick as that black man from yesterday, Rodney, though not
quite as long. Then he picked up his paddle. It looked like an oversized ping
pong paddle, in as much as it was shaped just like a ping pong paddle, and its
handle was identical to a ping pong paddle, but the round part, that you would
normally hit the ball with was both much bigger around, and thicker, and had
all of these little holes drilled through the part that would strike Suzy's
ass. He first seemed to be testing it, as he swished it back and forth through
the air, before stepping up behind her, on her left side. He then lifted, and
tucked the bottom of her tiny skirt, into the waistband, to keep it out of the
way, and to expose all of her charms.

Before beginning, he instructed, "With each spanking, I want you to count the
number, so that I don't loose my place and I'll have to spank you more than is
necessary. Then I want you to thank me, and ask for another one, until you
reach number ten. At that point you need to thank me for correcting your bad
behavior, and promise that it won't happen again. If you forget to count, or
loose your place, we'll have to start all over again, so I suggest that you
keep up on the counting."

He placed his left hand on her left hip, as he pulled his right hand, the one
with the paddle in it, up high in the air and back. He gave her a few moments
to fear the unknown, and then brought the paddle down with every ounce of
strength that he had, smacking the sturdy wooden paddle across both of her
ass cheeks.

A loud smacking sound could be heard, as the wooden paddle crashed into
her defenseless, naked ass cheeks, and a moment later Suzy cried out in pure
agony from the burning pain coming from her butt. Not wanting to get
anymore of this than was absolutely necessary, she wiggled around a lot, but
held herself down on the desk, as she waited for the second of the ten whacks.
>From behind her, a camera panned in for a close-up of the aftermath of the
vicious paddling. Her ass cheeks, even though this was just the first one, had
already turned a bright red shade.

"One." Suzy said with a quivering voice, barely able to say the word, over the
pain that she felt, and then added, almost as an after thought, "Thank you sir.
May I have another one." definitely not meaning that at all.

The teacher smiled evilly for the cameras, as he pulled his arm way back for
another strike on the defenseless newly-wed's bottom. Again, he waited for a
long moment, letting the fear of another strike build up inside of her, before
bringing the paddle viciously down on her backside again. Since the blow
landed in the same, exact spot again, the pain was even worse this time, and
Suzy screamed out like a wounded animal, from the excruciating pain. It took
her quite a while to calm down, and the camera filming her expressions had
picked up every ounce of the pain that she felt, as the vicious paddle smacked
into her defenseless, naked ass cheeks again.

When she could finally compose herself, she said, just barely loud enough to
heard, and between whimpers of pain with her voice quivering, "Two. ...
Thank you sir. .... May I have another." REALLY not meaning that any more.

This was repeated for numbers three through ten. Thankfully for her, she
didn't loose her count, nor did she forget her lines, though with each ensuing
whack of the paddle, as each struck pretty much in the same spot, her ass
cheeks were really getting quite sore and painful. The color got darker with
each ensuing swat, and then turned purple, and would be bruised and very
tender the next day.

"Ttten." she stuttered, barely able to get the words out of her mouth,
"Ththank you sssir for ccccorrrrrectttting mmmme, and I ppprommmise
ttthhat ittt wwwon'ttt hhhhapppennn agggainnn." and then broke down in
tears from the horrible pain emanating from her backside.

While the teacher had been punishing Suzy by paddling her, his cock had
gone from flaccid to fully erect, and by now was only a couple inches shorter
than Rodney's cock had been, but was even thicker than his cock had been. In
spite of her punishment, her nipples and clit had become fully erect and her
pussy was really drooling its juices. Without even waiting for her to compose
herself, he stepped up behind her and shoved his huge cock into her flowered
open pussy. Between having already fucked twenty-five boys, and already
juiced up, his cock slid easily into her cunt. He only stroked it in and out a
few times, and then pulled it all of the way out of her, only to line it up
with her barely used ass hole, and thrust it in to the hilt as quickly as he
could, only stopping when his groin was mashed against her very sore buttocks.

This caused her to buck slightly up in pain, both from the sudden entry, and
subsequent pain that it caused, as he entered her tight little ass hole, which
she wasn't expecting, and from the even more excruciating pain, as he
mashed his groin against her tenderized cheeks. While holding himself still,
as he pressed himself up tightly against her sore backside, he reached his
hands around her chest, grabbing a tit in each of his large hands and sticking
his middle finger through the ring on each of her nipples. 

He began squeezing her tit meat as hard as he could, while pulling the rings
on her nipples away from her chest, as he began to pull out of her ass. Suzy
moaned in pain, as the "teacher" began to fuck her fast and hard, making sure
to mash his groin into her sore and tender ass cheeks with each inward thrust.
The pain of his entry was quickly replaced with a strange, and new found lust,
for wanting her ass hole fucked. Although she considered this unnatural, and
disgusting, and even in spite of the pain that he was causing at the bottom of
each inward stroke, as he mashed and ground his groin against her very sore
and very painful ass cheeks, she soon found herself humping back against his
vile abuse of her body.

Even the way that he was torturing her breasts seemed to add to her own
unnatural lust, such that the more painful that he abused her tits, the
hungrier her ass hole seemed to become for his prick. The cameras were
capturing everything, his cock thrusting in and out of her ass, her hips
fucking back onto him, his abuse of her tits and nipples, and most importantly,
the look of pure lust on her pretty, tear streaked face.

Eventually the "teacher" came inside of her ass, in a very loud, dramatic way,
as he filled her bowels with his seed, as he held himself tightly against her
ass cheeks, rubbing her hairy belly and groin against her very sore buttocks.
In spite of the pain in her ass, as the "teacher" came inside of her butt,
Suzy came as well, in a long, intense orgasm.

When both had calmed down sufficiently, the "teacher" pulled out of her butt,
as the fresh load of cum, that he had deposited there, flowed out of it, down
over her pussy lips and onto the floor. The camera panned in for the final
shot, a close-up of her reddened ass cheeks, her gapping anus, and the cum
dripping out of it onto the floor, and was her ass hole ever very large right
then, though it would shrink back down to its normal size very soon.

"CUT! That's a wrap!" Carla hollered out, then added, "Oh lover, you were
great! And we got it all in one shot!" as the transsexual wrapped her arms
around her.

"That's all the shooting for today lover, but the warden wants to have dinner
with you, in his private dinning room tonight. We need to get you cleaned up
and dressed for the occasion." she explained, having already called the
warden, just before the teacher had cum in her ass hole.

She hurried her back to her room, and helped her douche, both her cunt and
ass hole. The doctor, Carl, came in and gave her a shot, to take the pain
away, and gave Carla a topical cream to apply, after she had bathed. Carla
then left her soaking in a hot tub, while she left to get her some clothes to
wear, as specified by the warden, telling her to apply the cream to her
buttocks, after her bath. She was in no rush to get back, as she had ordered
the makeup lady to go in there, in about an hour, as by then the water would
be cold, and Suzy would be out drying. She had ordered her to bring the wig,
that they had made, for her flight home, and had told her to make her look as
close as she could, to when the girl had come to them, as she was eating with
the warden tonight.

When she returned, about an hour and forty-five minutes later, the make-up
lady was putting the finishing touches on Suzy's make-up. While she still had
the numerous earings in her ears, the rings in her nipples, and the tattoos on
her body, she looked more like when she had arrived, than at any time since
she had been modified. Her finger and toe nails had been painted a bright
whorish red, and she wore the matching lipstick. Her face had been made up
to make her look good, yet innocent. Highlighting her features in a subdued
fashion, giving her a soft look, befitting such a young woman.

Carla had brought in a magnificent, elegant floor length gown, stockings, and
a high heeled shoes. Suzy first put on the self-supporting thigh high stocking,
and then the five inch, spiked stiletto high heeled sandals, which left the
tops of her feet exposed, other than the straps criss-crossing them. Then
feeling better about herself, even if her ass was still quite sore, she put on
the gorgeous dress, with some help from Carla.

Before putting on her dress, Carla said, "Lover, I'm sorry that I have to do
this, but we must put another dildo into your pussy for the night." as she
held what was undoubtedly the largest dildo yet to go into her already
stretched out pussy. 

This monster was easily fifteen inches long, possibly longer, and was thicker
around than her own wrist. As with all of the other dildos that they had forced
her to keep inside of her over night, she first applied the pain deadening
cream and lubricant, generously to the shaft. Then, as gently as she could, she
forced it into Suzy's cunt, until the entire shaft was now painfully wedged
inside of the teenaged wife. But unlike the prior times, there was no belt put
around her to keep it inside of her.

"Lover, tonight you will have to keep this inside of you by using your own
muscles." Carla advised her, "Please keep a good hold on it, and don't let it
slip out of you, as the warden would punish you if it comes out of your
pussy."

Carla then added, "Lover, I know that the warden will want to fuck you in the
ass. I also know that he doesn't care whether you are lubricated or not, when
he's ready to stick his cock in your ass, he will, no matter how much pain that
will cause you. I better lubricate you now, so that you will be slick down
there, so that he doesn't tear your ass hole apart."

She then proceeded to lubricate the anal/sphincter ring, and then picked up a
different looking syringe, filled with the lubricant, and slowly shoved it deep
into Suzy's ass hole. When it was in as far as it could go, she began
depressing the plunger on the syringe, as she pulled the syringe from Suzy's
tight anus.

The dress was a strapless gown, that was tight throughout the bodice, but then
loosened up, as it fell below her hips. Although it looked very elegant on her,
it was semi-transparent, and allowed for all of her naked private parts to show
through, though you did have to look a little to see them. While Suzy couldn't
see the split up the back, once the dress was on, she knew that it was there,
having seen it as she slipped into the dress, and knew that she would be
vulnerable back there. In addition, the strapless gown barely contained her
large boobs, and the very tops of her areolas were visible, just over the top
of the dress. 

The back of her dress was rather interesting as well. Rather having material
on the back, it was held together by over a dozen strings, which pulled the
front of the dress tightly against her body. Just as her boobs created a
delectable cleavage in the front, it was scooped out in back as well, with her
buttocks displaying an equally delectable cleavage in the back, with probably
the top third of her ass cheeks and ass crack completely visible in the back.

She then brought over a bottle of perfume, and sprayed some on her neck and
breasts. After putting the bottle down, she came over and gave her once last
critical look. She then kissed her passionately on the lips, then said,
"Alright, lover, let's go. We don't want to keep the warden waiting."

As Suzy took her first few steps, she could feel the long, thick shaft of the
dildo inside of her pussy, and wondered how she was going to walk around
with such a huge dildo trapped inside of her. Instead of walking with her
normal stride, she was basically waddling, because of how far apart she had
to keep her legs, because of the huge dildo.

They couldn't walk fast because of it, but they finally made it. In spite of
the discomfort that the huge dildo was causing, even it was turning her on,
and the aroma surrounding her now, as her juices covered her legs from her
crotch to below her knees. There was a heady combination of the perfume that
Carla had sprayed on her, and her own sexual juices.

"Lover, you know that the warden is going to have sex with you tonight. It's
not going to filmed, and there won't be other people around, but because he is
the warden, you must do whatever he asks of you, including and especially
fucking you in the ass. I know that your ass cheeks are sore, but please lover,
if you want to leave on Monday, you've got to do this." Carla warned her, as
she led her into the dinning room.

Suzy sort of suspected, that as the head of this perverted prison, that the
warden was probably the most perverted of all, and while he may have been,
on this particular evening he was just a horny old goat, who wanted to taste
all of the delicacies that she had to offer, especially after seeing all of the
movies she had made, save for the one made today, as it hadn't finished
editing yet. She was young, pretty and hot!

Suzy felt relatively good about this, even though she was sure that she would
have sex with this man, before the night was over, because she had been
allowed to get dressed up, even if she wasn't allowed to wear any panties or a
bra. She knew that her large breasts were moving around provocatively, and
that the dress left them really uncovered, which was obviously the intent, as
the warden didn't take his eyes off of them, even when talking to her, it was
as if he were really talking to her boobs. Then, even that damned dildo,
combined with the hormones that she was constantly being shot up with, even
though she didn't know that's what they were shooting into her body, were
driving her up the wall, sexually. She really felt lewd, as she felt her juices
running down her legs, and hoped that there wouldn't be a wet spot on the
back of her dress, before the evening was over.

Carla introduced the two, as if they were going out on a blind date, and then
left. Suzy was still amazed by how short this man was, and while she wasn't
tall, she nevertheless towered over him, in her heels.

He held out his arm, which she took, as he led her over to her seat, next to
his. Over the next two and a half hours, they were served as if they were a
king and his queen. Beginning with a delicious soup, followed shortly by a
Caesar salad, which was prepared, complete with anchovies, right in front of
them, and then the waiter grated the Parmesan cheese into each of their
salads, and ground the pepper in as well. This was followed by appetizers and
hard liquored drinks. The two talked about things as if it were a real date,
with the warden carefully avoiding any discussion of the movies that she had
been forced to make, and her modifications.

The dinner itself consisted of filet minion, a baked potato with all of the
fixings, on the side of course, and a medley of fresh cooked vegetables.
Because of their animated conversation, it took quite a while to finish dinner.
Finally, the desert and after dinner drinks were served. The desert was again,
a baked Alaska, flamed right in front of them, and the after dinner drink was
Cognac.

By now, Suzy was full, as this had been the largest meal that she'd had, since
arriving in Turkey, horny, and a little tipsy, as she wasn't really a drinker,
but had been forced to drink two drinks with her appetizer and another two
after dinner. She had a slight blush to her cheeks from the drinks, and her
pussy was drooling like crazy. She knew that she had to let this pig have his
way with her, but at the moment, she needed him to do so, just as much as he
wanted to jump her bones.

He got up and then helped her to her feet. He then led her out of his private
dinning room, and into his quarters, not very far away at all. As soon as they
were in his room, he turned to her, pressed her tightly against himself, and
proceeded to kiss her passionately. Suzy returned his kiss with an equal
passion, though for the life of her, she couldn't figure out why she was acting
so lovingly to him, this man who was ultimately responsible for all of the
pain and perversion that had been heaped upon her for the past week.

As their kissing continued, his hands began to roam around on her body, and
he pulled the front of her dress down to get at her large melons. Suzy
suddenly felt dirtier than she had with any of the filthy things that she had
been forced to do, as she allowed the warden to have his way with her, but
she wanted to get out of there, and back home to Brad so badly, that she
figured that she could put up with even this, for just one night.

After playing with her tits, while the two of them kissed, but with no other
response from the young American newly-wed bride, the warden, reached up,
took her hand, and brought it down to his belt buckle. He thought to himself,
"If this American whore, doesn't begin acting like a whore, I'll keep her here
for another week, and then we'll see how she acts."

Suzy didn't need to be told twice, she may have been naive, but she wasn't
stupid, even though she was a little drunk. Since he had started to remove her
clothes, and then brought her hand down to his belt buckle, she figured that
he wanted her to undress him, which was exactly what he wanted from her,
and that's exactly what she began to do.

While she did it, she did so slowly, as she was still kissing him passionately.
Evidently, this was just fine with the warden, as long as she was returning his
kisses, and was undressing him so that they could get on to better things, like
fucking. While he kissed the beautiful young American newly-wed, he was
also fondling her tits,  pinching her nipples and pulling and twisting her
nipple rings.

Suzy was confused again, she still couldn't understand why her body seemed
to be enjoying the abuse that it was receiving. In spite of the pain that she
felt, as the warden viciously pinched, twisted and pulled, on her fully erect
nipples, she could also feel the pleasurable electricity shooting through both
of her tits, and from there it seemed to jump right down to her clit, which
was now vibrating wildly, in anticipation of getting fucked and having an
orgasm, and sending arousal signals straight up into her womb, causing her
pussy to begin juicing itself up, in anticipation of fucking.

When she finally got his pants undone, and partially pulled down, he helped
her to get them the rest of the way off, and then quickly removed his shirt,
leaving him fully naked as well. Knowing that her pussy was loose, from all
of the stretching it had received from both the dildos and cocks, he had no
desire to actually fuck her pussy, besides, he knew that it was filled with a
gigantic dildo tonight, as tomorrow she'd be fucking Maximillian. Since he
liked nice tight holes, like her anus still should be, as it had gotten very
little use, even in the movies, he fuck her there.

Sitting down on the edge of the bed, he said, "Come over here, my little slut!"
and when she was in front of him, he added, "Kneel down in front of me and
suck my cock until it is really hard."

Suzy, knowing that she didn't have a choice in the matter, kneeled down
between his wide spread legs, and began sucking him off, as she had been
taught, and had become very adept at. She swallowed his shaft whole, in one
quick downwards plunge, and then began sucking on it, as if she were a
vacuum cleaner, as her head bobbed up and down quickly in his lap.

The warden couldn't believe how good this virginal, naive little girl had
become in less than a week in his facility. He was rock hard in less than a
minute, and was in a real emotional turmoil, knowing that he had to make her
stop, but a part of him really didn't want her to. He knew that if he didn't,
he'd blow his load into her mouth, and while that was alright after he had
taken her in her ass, he really wanted to fuck her in the ass first.

"STOP!" he shouted, as she quit sucking on his cock and lifted her head high
enough to let his cock pop out.

"Now I want you to straddle my legs facing me, and sit in my lap. As you sit
down, take my cock in your hand and guide it into your ass. I then want you
to fuck me as slowly as you can, but don't stop, even if I cum inside of you,
until my cock gets soft and falls out of you." he said in his broken English,
with a sneer on his face.

"Oh please don't make me do that." she pleaded, "It always hurts when I take
it in the ass, and with that huge dildo filling my pussy up, it will make me
even tighter than I normally am!"

"Yes, it will make your already tight ass even tighter, won't it. But I don't
care how much it hurts, you will do it, and do it now, if you want to see that
wimp of a husband of your's on Monday!" he snarled.

With a tear trickling down her cheek from her right eye, she got up and
moved to position herself, as he was demanding her to do. She slowly
lowered herself down onto his thick shaft. Thank god she was at least
lubricated and she had lubricated his thick shaft with her saliva. It hurt like
hell, as the thick mushroom-like head of his cock popped into her ass and
then stretched her compressed anus. 

The warden could feel the super thick, ultra long dildo press against his cock,
as Suzy slowly took more and more of his prick into her ass, while she
pressed her large tits against his chest, and holding onto his shoulders for
leverage and support. When he was finally fully impaled inside of the young
newly-wed, she began pulling off of him, grunting from the effort necessary
to pull herself off of his thick shaft, due to the long, thick dildo buried in
her twat, making her ass hole that much tighter. It was as if her butt didn't
want to let go of the thick fuck tool buried inside of it, as her anal walls
clung to his cock, as she pushed herself up and off of his shaft.

But as she had experienced before, the longer she did it, going up and down
on his cock, the easier it became. She even felt the excruciating pain become
lesser and lesser, until it became a dull throb, and eventually, to her
chagrin, it even started to feel good having his cock plumbing in and out of
her ass. 

The warden wasn't just sitting there idly, his hands were mauling her tits and
nipples, while his mouth moved back and forth between her nipples, sucking
and biting on them. As had happened over the past week, any touching of her
breasts and nipples turned her on, even the painful biting of her sore,
sensitive nipples. It no longer seemed to matter whether it was pain or
pleasure, both extremes seemed to make her hotter and hornier.

As she picked up speed, she felt herself moving closer and closer to having an
orgasm. As she fucked the warden with her anus, while he tormented her
breasts, she began snapping off her orgasms faster and faster. Unlike in the
past, she felt both extreme pleasure, as always, as well as pain, as both her
cunt and ass clamped down tightly on the shafts trapped inside of her. The
pain was actually emanating from the unbelievably huge dildo inside of her
cunt, as her pussy grasped it tightly.

The warden came twice, before his cock became flaccid and fell out of her
ass. She was then forced to suck him off, deep throat style as she had been
taught from the beginning. She could taste her own shit on his cock, as she
greedily sucked and licked the cock that had just raped her ass. Her stomach
was churning, from the mere thought of licking up her own shit. 

She felt his cock go from soft to hard, as it grew inside of her sucking mouth.
Just as she was about through cleaning his cock off, with her mouth and
tongue, he came in her mouth, and she swallowed almost all of it, with just a
couple of drops leaking out the corners of her mouth.

"You have learned well whore!" the warden said, as he pressed a buzzer.
"That was one of the best, if not the best blow job that I've ever received.
I'm very proud of you. Carla will be here shortly, to take you back to your
room. You need your sleep, as tomorrow will be a long, busy day."

Short thereafter, came a knock on the door, and Carla was there to take her
back to her room. They talked about everything except what had just taken
place, and what was on tomorrow's agenda. When Suzy was ready for bed,
the doctor came and gave her two shots, one for the pain, and another to put
her to sleep, as she'd really need her strength the next day.

"Good night lover, sleep well. You will need all of your energy tomorrow."
Carla said, as she turned off the lights and closed the door. 

The TV, as was commonplace now, was running some porn movies. Today's
fare was young women, such as herself, fucking large animals, mainly horses.
Little did she realize that there was a reason for this.


Continued in Day 7

All of my stories are now available at the Alt.Sex.Stories Text Repository,
also known as ASSTR.Org. Along with my own stories, I also have stories
by other authors, most notably, Musker, Thumb, Night Writer, & Not My
Story, from the best of my personal archives. Enjoy!
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/tedebear/




                                Suzy's Honeymoon
                                    (Day 7)
                                 By Ted E. Bear

                           F/Beast, NC, Rape, Drugs, 


*****************************************************************************
WARNING:
This story is fiction, and should be treated as such. The following story is
for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit
sex.  If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, DO NOT read
any further. If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read it.

This is a copyrighted work.    Copyright 2003 by Ted E. Bear. Reposting or
any other use of it is strictly prohibited without the express, written
permission of the copyright holder, except that it may be posted as part of a
review or posted to a free-access, noncommercial archive sites.

DISCLAIMER:
All characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone either alive or dead
is purely coincidental.

Please!    Send me your comments!

Email to "Ted E. Bear" tedebear690@yahoo.com
*****************************************************************************
Note: The original author of the series, Glaucus, gave up on it many years
ago, after writing about the first five days, but gave his permission, for
anyone else who wanted to continue it, to do so. The email addresses and
website that he was using at the time are no good anymore, so Glaucus, if you
see this, please contact me.

Ted E. Bear
*****************************************************************************

                            Chapter 7 - Day 7


Suzy had another night full of nightmares, again dreaming of large animals
pleasuring her, and she was easily able to accommodate them, with her stretched
out pussy. She tossed and turned, as animals like horses and bulls stuck their
huge, long, thick pricks completely into her cunt and fucked her to many
orgasms. In her dreams she lay there on a stack of hay, her legs spread apart,
and animal after animal lifted up, placing their hooves on the haystack, on
either side of her body, then swiftly shoved their long, thick schlongs into
her vaginal cavity and fucked her. What worried her the most, was that she
was enjoying it, and that they were doing such a good job of fucking her, that
she was constantly in an orgasmic state.

She was mumbling to herself, "Oh god! Oh god!" as she tossed and turned.

Carla came in, and was truly worried about the young, newly-wed girl, as she
saw her squirming around in the bed moaning. It had never bothered her
before, but for some reason, she felt bad about what they had done to her,
between stretching her pussy all out of shape, tattooing her, and all of those
piercings. Though the shaving of half of her head didn't bother her, as she
knew that in time, her hair would grow back. She also felt badly about what
they would be making her do today, as she knew that was the subject of her
nightmares. It would be like her nightmares coming true.

She sat down gently on the bed, and then shook the tormented girl to wake
her. "Lover, it's time to get up!" she said, "We have a busy schedule for you
for today, and remember, today's your last day. Tomorrow you go home to
your loving husband."

"Huh, whaaa." Suzy said groggily, as she tried to figure out where she was.

When she was fully awake, and realized where she was, she began to cry, as it
was beginning to be too much for her to handle. Carla hugged her tightly and
rocked her in her arms, shushing her, and telling her that everything would be
OK, to calm her down. Eventually Suzy did calm down and gritted herself for
whatever would be on the schedule for today, not having a clue as to what
really perverted things that they had in store for her today.

After Carla helped her to remove the horse sized dildo, that she had worn in
her pussy all night, she took a nice leisurely bath, which helped her mood a
lot, cheering her up somewhat, and relaxing all of her sore muscles. The
movies with the women having sex with really large animals was still going
on and she watched them, to some extent fascinated, that such relatively
small women, could have enjoyable sex with such extremely long, thick
cocks, that these animals all had.

When she got out, and was drying herself off, Carla returned with the most
unusual outfit yet, for her to wear. The white, with black and red checked
blouse, was thin and barely covered her large breasts. Instead of having
buttons, it had to be tied, with long pieces from either side of the blouse and
were knotted between her tits. The pants were basically short-short jeans, that
were cut so short, that the bottoms of her ass cheeks stuck out, the crotch
piece was basically just the seam, which fit tightly into her slit, leaving her
pussy lips exposed, and there were two rips about the middle of her ass
cheeks, exposing more of her ass flesh. To finish off the look, she wore 6"
spiked stiletto high heeled shoes.

Once she was dressed in her costume, the two went to the dinning room for
breakfast. Even though she ate a lot the day before, both at lunch and at
dinner, Suzy was famished, and ate a large breakfast, including two 12 ounce
glasses of orange juice. The transsexual and she carried on a real girl type
conversation, with Carla being very careful not to mention anything about
today's activities, as she figured why get her upset, before she had to.

>From breakfast, they too the usual stroll down to the doctor's office. Carl had
a lot more syringes for her today, than her usual ones. First he gave a double
dose of the aphrodisiac and the will power destroyer. Then he gave her a
hypnotic drug, that would make her very susceptible to Carla's suggestions.
Lastly, he gave her two locals, one in her pussy and one in her anus, to
prevent her from tightening her muscles down there. 

Then it was off to the set. Today's set was outside, and resembled a barnyard,
with bulls, horses, pigs and dogs. Suzy was only half there, mentally, due to
the drugs that she had been given, but even in her fuzzy state, she knew that
something bad was about to happen to her.

She was led to the stall of a really big stallion, whose bit was tethered to
either side of the stall, to essentially keep him in place. The lights were
already in place, as were the cameras. In addition to the normal crew of
cameramen, sound men, and lighting men, the warden was there to oversee
the filming today, though in her hazy state, Suzy didn't even notice that he
was there.

He pulled Carla over to the side and had a short conversation with her, after
which, she walked over to Suzy and began to prepare her for what she was to
do first, as today her attention span was going to be very short, due to the
drugs in her system.

"OK lover, you've sucked a horse's cock before. You remember, don't you lover?"
Carla inquired.

"Yes, the first two days in the doctor's office, right?" she replied, not
really sure herself at the moment.

"That's right lover. Well you're going to get under that horse over there,"
pointing at the stall, "go down on your knees, and give the nice horsy your
best blow job ever. Do you understand?" Carla instructed her.

"Yes." Suzy replied.

"Good, now go on over there, and suck his cock, until he cums in your
mouth. And don't forget, you have to swallow it all!" she said.

Suzy moseyed over to the stall, and kneeled down in front of the horse's
sheath. As the animal had been sucked off by women before, his cock began
to slide out of it's sheath, in anticipation of having it's cock sucked. With
it's cock only partially out of it's sheath, she didn't realize how big it's
cock really was, as she opened her mouth and took the cock into her oral cavity.

As she had been trained to do, she sucked the huge appendage with gusto,
taking it deep into her throat, even though it was painful to do so, as it was
so thick, as she bobbed her head on and off of the huge cock. She sucked the
horse's cock for a full fifteen minutes, before it blasted an unbelievable
amount of cum into her mouth. She sucked and swallowed the foul tasting
seed as best as she could, but still couldn't keep up with the voluminous load
that the horse was pumping down her throat.

By the time that she got back up, his cock had both shrunk and pulled
partially back into his sheath, so she never realized just how big of a cock
that she had been sucking on. Carla told her to get up, and come over to her,
and Suzy complied with her command. Carla then told her to take off her shorts
and blouse for the next scene, and again, the drugged up girl complied as
quickly as she could, in her half-out of it mind.

The next scene was to be the big scene of the movie, her having sex with
Maximillian. He was the super stud of the horses there, having the longest
and thickest cock of all of them, and Suzy was going to take him in both her
cunt and her mouth. She was fit was an ear piece wireless receiver under her
hair, on the side that still had hair, as she had to say her parts at the right
time, and Carla would cue her.

Before sending Suzy into his stall, they pushed the largest carrots that they
could find, into her cunt and ass, and told her to hold another in her mouth.
She walked into the horse's stall, and the animal, seeing the naked human
woman, knew that he was in for good luck today. With the carrot in her
mouth, she walked up to the agitated animal, who didn't care for the foreplay
that they always put him through, but knew that he had to play along with it,
in order to get his cock in her tight warm cunt.

Carla instructed her to move right up to the horse's mouth, with the carrot in
hers, and to let go of the carrot, the second that the horse started to nibble
on it. Sure enough, as the horse bit into it, she opened her mouth, so that he
could pull the carrot out and eat it. While he was eating the carrot, she had
to pet him on the head, and when he was finished, she had to kiss him, as she
would a human being, right on the lips, and French style no less, with his big
tongue licking the insides of her mouth, which she normally would have
thought of as disgusting, but in her comprised state of mind, she didn't even
realize that she shouldn't be doing this.

The longer that the drugs worked on her mind and body, the more effective
they became. She was no longer able to put together a conscious thought
about right and wrong. The double dose of hormones and aphrodisiacs
already had her very horny, and in need of a dick in her stretched out cunt.
And the hypnotic drug had her following Carla's instructions to the letter.

After giving the horse a big kiss, she turned around, per the instructions
through her headset from Carla, and allowed the animal to pull the huge
carrot out of her ass, as he merrily munched on it. The feeling of the huge
carrot, being drawn out of her ass, was turning her on, and in her semi-
mindless state, that was all that mattered. When Max was through with that
carrot, he noticed the one sticking out of her cunt, and simply lowered his
head a little, as he began eating the next one, as he pulled it from her cunt
with his mouth.

All of this foreplay, while highly erotic in and of itself, had another purpose
to it, and that was to allow her to come fully under the influence of the drugs.
That time had been reached, and it was now time for her to begin having real
sex, with the various barnyard animals. 

Several tightly bound bales of hay, had been stacked in the middle of the
barn. On top of that, was thrown some loose hay, to give it some cushioning.
Suzy was led over to this "platform" and helped up onto it. She was then
instructed, by Carla of course, to masturbate herself, and began to do so,
enthusiastically. 

They waited until she had gotten herself off four times, with just her hands,
and then brought Maximillian over. Suzy was oblivious to everything going
on around her, and was startled when the horse bent down and began to lick
her pussy, but the feeling was so good, that she just lay there, with her legs
spread wide apart, and let the animal have it's way with her.

Finally, as she was about to cum, they made the horse jump up, and place his
front legs on the haystack, well behind her head. Suzy was moaning out her
sexual need to have an orgasm, that she was so close to having, just before it
was yanked away from her.

Carla spoke into her mike, and Suzy heard through her headset, "Lover, grab
his cock and put it in your pussy."

In a haze anyway, and half crazed with lust to boot, she reached out for the
long thick cock, and brought it right to the mouth of her cunt. Maximillian
didn't need directions at this point, he'd done this many times in the past, as
he thrust his huge horse dick forward, into the human woman laying spread
out before him. In fact, he'd never been allowed to breed with a filly, and had
only experienced human women. He didn't know that his cock was much
longer, and thicker than the cocks that normally filled their pussies, only
that it felt very good when he had his gigantic cock fucking in and out of
their hot, tight cunts.

With his first thrust, he buried half of his 20" long cock into Suzy's well
lubricated, and stretched out cunt. The night before, she had been forced sleep
with a fifteen inch long dildo, just as thick as Maximillian's cock, impaled
fully into her cunt, so accepting the first ten inches now, was a cake walk for
her, even if it was very uncomfortable, size wise. He pulled back slightly, and
thrust into her again, this time burying fifteen inches inside of her cunt.

Even in her stupor though, she could now begin to feel some real pain
seeping into their coupling. Again he backed off a little, and this time, as he
thrust his loins forward, he buried all twenty inches into her already abused
cunt, making her scream out in pain and agony, as the animal began it's
ritualist humping of her cunt. Just like a man would, Max pulled his cock out,
until just the huge head of his cock was still trapped inside of her, before
thrusting fully back into her increasingly sore pussy.

The warden really enjoyed watching a woman laying there spread wide open
and fully accepting his stud horse's cock into her cunt. The haystack had been
used many times, and in fact had been constructed so that as the woman lay
on the edge of the haystack, her pussy was perfectly lined up with the
animal's prick, as it reared up and placed it's forehooves behind the woman
on the back of the haystack. It was even angled slight down, so that as the
horse thrust forward, with it's natural angle slightly upwards, that the woman
was perfectly lined up so that she had to accept all that he had to offer her.

Before she could thrash around, and try to get away from the horse, her wrists
were secured in cuffs, hidden in the hay, while her ankles were secured to the
specially designed stirrups on the horse's back, so that her legs were spread
slightly further than 90 degrees apart, and tied to the animal, so that she
couldn't get away from him, as he pounded her cunt with his outrageously
large prick.

It wasn't long before Suzy was hollering in pain, and begging and pleading
with who ever would listen to her, to get the horse off of her, but Max just
kept on ploughing away at her abused cunt. He hadn't been allowed to cum in
three months, and even though he normally would fuck a woman for fifteen
minutes before cuming, they had treated his cock with a nerve deadener, so
that it should take him at least half an hour to cum inside of her, as that's how
long they wanted it to last.

The cameras were getting the long shots, showing the animal pulling his
enormous cock out of the thin young newly-wed, and then slamming
completely back into her. They were also getting close-up and medium length
shots of her contorted face, as well as close-ups of the animal's cock actually
sawing in and out of her cunt, as it pulled her thin, and tightly stretched
inner lips out with each backward's stroke, and forced them back into her cunt
on each inward stroke, as she accepted the full twenty inches of animal's prick
into her love hole.

Suzy was going out of her mind, both from the pain, as well as the lust that
having such a huge cock fucking in and out of well stretched cunt was giving
her. The horse's gigantic prick, while not tearing her insides up literally,
was nevertheless wreaking havoc inside of her pussy. As the huge dong pressed
into her, it was stretching her already stretched out cunt even more, and due
to it's extremely long length, it was forcing itself through her cervix, up her
uterus and into her womb, battering into the very back wall painfully. Then,
as it pulled back, because it was such a tight fit to begin with, she felt like
she was being pulled inside out. But in spite of the pain, there was also
pleasure, as the huge cock rubbed incessantly over her highly sensitive clit,
sending sparks of lust and desire throughout her loins. As the pain and
pleasure mixed, about five minutes into her fucking, pleasure won out, and she
began panting, moaning, and groaning in lust, as the animal was fucking her
brains out.

Five minutes later, as she thrashed around under the horse's onslaught, and
having already had her first orgasm of this unnatural coupling, they poured
liquid sugar over her breasts, as both a treat for her equine lover and to
raise her arousal level even more as well. Smelling the sweet substance, Max
bent his head down and began licking her tits, as the crew worked tirelessly
to replace the licked up sugar as fast as the animal could lick it up. Not
only was she getting the proverbial fucking of her life, but now he was licking
at her tits and nipples, with his broad, rough tongue, increasing the
pleasurable experience that she was going through as well, and driving her to
even higher levels of arousal.

Maximillian, having had his cock treated with a nerve desensitizer, just kept
slamming his huge cock into the bound young wife's cunt, as fast and as hard
as he could. Suzy no longer noticeably felt the pain, only the extreme pleasure
of getting royally fucked, as well as having her breasts and nipples licked so
well. She was snapping off her orgasms with just a two minute reprise between
the end of one, and the beginning of the next one, and they were lasting over
two minutes in length. With each climax, she squealed out in delight, as she
whipped her head around.

She was too tired to actually try to fuck the animal back, but he was doing
such a good job screwing her, that it didn't matter. And the cameras had
picked up her look of pure animal lust, as the huge horse banged the shit out
of her, and the intensity of her orgasms as she went wild with each and every
one of them.

Finally, after forty solid minutes of really getting reamed out but good, Max
finally came inside of her. Each jet of the animal's climax, bruised the insides
of her womb, they were ejaculated so powerfully, and at such close range. In
spite of the pain, the drug induced lust caused the young, bound wife to have
the most intense, most powerful, and at five minutes long, the longest orgasm
of her short life, and then she passed out, totally exhausted and drained of all
her energy.

Carla smiled to herself, knowing just how powerful that orgasm had to be, in
order to make her pass out, and was glad for Suzy to have experienced such
an orgasm, considering the all the pain that they had put her through in the
past week, and especially in this particular coupling.

The men, knew that they needed to unhook Suzy's ankles, so that they could
take Maximillian away. Two cameramen, one on each side of her, filmed the
removal of the animal's huge cock from her really stretched out cunt. No
matter how stretched out it was, the animal's cock was still a tight fit inside
of her, and as the head popped out, it made a really loud *PLOP*ing sound,
like pulling your thumb out of a 6 ounce soda bottle. As soon as the cock
evacuated her cunt, his copious sperm just flowed out of her cunt like a river.
Her pussy hole stayed the size of the horse's shaft for a full ten minutes
afterwards, as they continued their filming, closeup enough to see into her
pussy, to show their combined sex juices still sitting inside of her like a
lake, but far enough back, to show her legs still spread wide apart, and show
how big her hole was now.

While she was still unconscious, they tied her to the underside a 600 pound
hog, with it's cock fully impaled inside of her just fucked cunt. Basically,
Suzy was underneath the hog, her legs and arms secured to specially designed
stirrups, actually pieces of wood with hinges which would swing her forward
and backwards, as the pig walked or ran around. It kept her arms and legs
sticking straight up, while allowing her to hang, just below the animal's belly,
with just her nipples pressed into it's chest. Another prisoner, gave the pig a
hand job, until it was fully erect, and then Suzy was tied up beneath him, with
his cock inside of her cunt.

Although she was coming around anyway, they waived an ammonia capsule
under her nose, to bring her fully around, to film her taking the hog on. The
pig had a bridle in it's mouth, with a long "leash" attached to it. What they
were going to do, was run the pig around a large ring, it's running movements
would cause Suzy to swing back and forth, under the pig, hence making her
fuck him for a solid hour. The pig, while certainly not having the length of
the horse, only having a ten inch long cock, was every bit as thick as the
horse. Of course, since her breasts, especially her nipples, where pressed right
into the animal's chest, as she swung back and forth beneath him, she'd be
rubbing her now very sensitive nipples across his chest, which would also
raise her arousal levels.

A man on a horse, took the leash, and as it was long enough, he and his mount
would stay out of the picture, as the pig was run around the riding circle.
While this normally may not have worked, running the pig that is, it knew,
from past experience, that when a woman was secured under him in such a manner,
he would get well fucked, and hence cooperated with his handlers, as he enjoyed
the feeling of a cunt fucking his cock. 

"Oh god no! Not a pig!" Suzy hollered, as they began running the pig around
the riding circle, as she swung freely under the animal, fucking it.

For a solid hour, she swung freely and rapidly under the grunting, running
animal. As his cock wasn't as long as the horse's, she experienced only
pleasure, between it's cock pumping rapidly in and out of her cunt, while
rubbing over her ultra sensitive clit, and her nipples rubbing over it's chest.
In just two minutes after they started, she was grunting in time with her pussy
thrusts, as she bottomed out each time her loins smacked into the animal's,
and moaning in lust between grunts. A couple of minutes later, she squealed
out in delight, as she had the first of many orgasms, as she fucked the pig.

Each time she came, loudly and with visible spasms, she became more humiliated
and embarrassed, knowing that they were filming this, and god only knew who
would eventually see it. And from past experience, she knew that there'd be no
question that it was her, swinging back and forth, under the pig, fucking it
madly, as she came and came and came on it's long, thick prick. She couldn't
imagine anything more humiliating than what she had been through today, first
giving one horse a blow job, then fucking another horse, and now fucking a pig.
But her day had just begun.

When the hour was up, they finally untied her from under the pig. Carla helped
her into a shower, douched her, and washed her up. They brought in a masseur
to work out the kinks on her legs and arms, as well as her back before
continuing, as she had been forced into some pretty wide spread positions. Then
makeup redid her makeup and she was ready for her next abuse, but first she
was allowed to eat lunch, as the next shoot was going to run very long. After
lunch, she was led to a fenced off area and told to get down on her knees and
elbows, with her legs spread wide apart.

"Lover, I know that you hate this, but you have to do it. The worst is over,
you've already fucked Maximillian, and that huge hog. You will be having
sex with animals for the rest of today. First you will take on half a dozen
goats, then half a dozen sheep, both in your ass hole, and finally twenty dogs
in your pussy. I know that's asking a lot of you, but if you cooperate, you go
home tomorrow. If not, the warden has said that he'll keep you here at least
another week. So if you want to go home to your Brad tomorrow, you have to
do this now." Carla explained to the unbelieving young wife.

"Carla, isn't there something you can do? Maybe cut out the sheep or only
make me fuck five dogs, something?" she pleaded.

"Lover, if I could, I would, but today, the Warden's running the show. He's
even here overseeing it." the transsexual advised.

Suzy didn't want to do this in the worse way, but she didn't want to stay here
one second longer than she had to either, so she did what she had to do, to get
the hell out of there. She got down in the prescribed position, as they brought
the goat's in. They sprayed her backside with a strong smelly scent, which she
figured had to be the smell of a female goat in heat. A small platform was
placed above her head and shoulders, so that the goats could rise up and place
their hooves on it, while they fucked her. 

Another female prisoner was given the honor of stretching and lubricating
Suzy's ass hole, so that she could take the goat's and sheep in her tightest
of openings. Suzy blushed as the other woman worked on loosening her up and
slicking up her anal passage, and was thankful that they weren't filming this
part as well. Of course they weren't, as they wanted it to look like she was
capable of just kneeling down and letting them mount her butt, as she had
probably done this so many times in the past.

As the first goat mounted her, Carla said, into her earpiece, "Lover, while
they fuck you, you are to rub your clit with one hand, and play with your tits
with your other hand."

As the goat, it's cock in full erection, jumped up on the stand above Suzy's
head and shoulders, it's handler guided it's cock into Suzy's ass hole. As
soon as the cock popped into her ass, the handler slunk away. Unlike with the
other animals, who had fucked her well stretched cunt, her ass hole was still
basically cherry and tight, so even though these animals did not have
especially large cocks, she still felt a lot of discomfort as they plunged away
in her forbidden hole.

So while the goat was slamming it's cock in and out of her ass, Suzy played
with herself, in order to get herself off. Even though she was having sex,
outdoors, with an animal fucking her in the ass, she dreamed that it was Brad
fucking her pussy from behind, as she furiously rubbed her ultra sensitive clit,
and teased her nipples to constantly be erect.

She hadn't been counting, as her only goal was to get herself off, even if it
was being done in front of a camera, while an animal screwed her butt, and
was somewhat surprised, when Carla said, "That was very good lover. We need to
clean you up a little, before you start on the sheep."

They brought a hose over, and hosed her backside down, to get the smell of
goat off of her. Then , as they brought the sheep out, they again sprayed her
with the scent of sheep in heat. It was a repeat performance of the goats,
only this time with sheep fucking the poor trapped young wife's ass hole.

Before her stint with the dogs, they allowed her to actually shower again, use
the bathroom, and have a drink and a snack. When she was returned to the pen,
the little platform was gone. After assuming "the position", they filled her
cunt with wet dog food, and then sprayed her very heavily, from head to toe,
with scent of bitch in heat. When everyone was out of the pen, the twenty
huge dogs were let loose into the pen. These were not just any dogs, these
were huge animals, each weighing at least one hundred and fifty pounds, with
the largest weighing just under two hundred pounds. They had been specially
bred for their cock size, each having at least ten inch cocks that were very
thick, though not as thick as the horse or the pig. However, their knots were
thicker than either the horse's or the pig's cocks and would really wreak
havoc inside of her cunt.

The dogs all ran over to the kneeling woman, whose ass was sticking high in
the air, and while they all wanted to be first, they knew their own pecking
order, thus the biggest and meanest of the group, stuck his muzzle into her
crotch, to lick and eat the food out of her cunt with it's long, broad tongue,
which drove the young wife insane with lust, thanks to the heavy dose of
drugs flowing through her system. When the animal was finished eating her
out, he mounted her. Unlike with the other animals, Suzy now had to bear the
weight of this big brute, who almost weighed twice her own weight, as he
wrapped his paws around her chest, digging his sharp claws into her boobs, as
he stabbed around, trying to find her fuck hole.

After three misses, he found the right spot, and thrust his hips forward,
burying his cock deeply inside of her. While not quite fully impaling himself
on his first thrust, he did on his second, and then began fucking her fast and
furiously. Unlike with the goats and sheep, Suzy couldn't play with herself
while the dog fucked her, as she needed her arms to hold herself upright, so
that the animal could fuck her, otherwise she'd fall to the ground, trying to
hold up so much weight on her back.

While the animal wasn't as hung as even the hog, she nevertheless could feel
it's cock fucking in and out of her very fast, and since it was fucking in a
down to up position, it's cock was rubbing right over her clit with each stroke
that it took. In almost no time at all, she was grunting lustily as the dog's
cock bottomed out inside her, just barely banging into her cervix with each
inwards thrust.

As she came for the first time, with the dog fucking her, her cunt clamped
down tightly on the animal's cock, making him growl at her, as she had
clamped down so tightly, that the animal, for a moment, could neither push
into nor pull out of her cunt. But the moment was over quickly, and it was
obvious that she was in the throes of her own orgasm, as she was rapidly
fucking back onto the dog's cock, as the animal continued it's jackhammer
fucking of her pussy.

The dog's knot grew, and began traveling down it's shaft towards her cunt,
and even though her pussy was loose, having been all stretched out of shape,
her pussy would still be a very tight fit for the huge knot of the dog. Having
been forced to fuck a dog before, on her second night in the prison, she knew
immediately what was bumping into her pussy lips, and immediately became
frightened, as it felt as big as a softball. Sure enough, she felt it pressing
into her cunt, REALLY stretching her pussy sphincter to it's very limits, as
it slowly worked it's way inside of her cunt. 

As it reached it's apex, she screamed out in agony,
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhh!"
sounding more like an animal, than a human being.

She couldn't believe the pain that she was feeling, as the dog continued
fucking her as fast as it could, with it's softball sized knot now entering her
pussy passage, stretching her cunt out, even more than the horse had, with it's
huge knot. As she was in an open field, she was some distance from the
cameras, nevertheless, she could still see several of them pointed at her face,
and knew that there were others, off to her sides, that were getting shots of
the dog humping away in her cunt, and probably some zoomed in closeups of
it's dick rapidly fucking in and out of her pussy, as the huge knot slipped
into her body.

The animal managed to keep going another ten minutes, with it's knot trapped
inside of her cunt, stretching her out mercilessly, and causing her to wail
out in agony, as it continued hammering it's prick inside of her cunt. Then
suddenly, without the animal even slowing down it's rapid humping of her now
sore cunt, she felt it's watery seed blasting into her womb, as if to
impregnate her, even though that would be impossible.

Unlike with the first dog that she was forced to fuck, as this dog went to
dismount from her, it's prick got trapped inside of her cunt, as it's knot was
still too big to pull out of her. They were stuck there, butt to butt, for
another fifteen minutes, with it's big cock and knot trapped inside of her
pussy. Suzy wailed out in humiliation, as with the dog no longer on her back,
she could look around to the sides, and see the cameras filming her humiliation
as a permanent record of the event. Stuck in coitus with a dog, butt to butt,
it's cock still buried deeply within her.

Eventually the knot did reduce in size, and the dog was able to pull his prick
out of her cunt, but it exited with such a loud, lewd, "POP"ing sound, that it
made her blush in shame. But she didn't have long to mope over her most recent
humiliation, as the next dog mounted her, picking right up from where the one
before it had left off. And so it went, for the rest of the afternoon. She was
mounted by yet another dog, fucked jackhammer style, the painfully large knot
working it's way into her pussy, causing her unbelievable pain as it did, the
animal would ultimately cum inside of her, and then dismount from her. Of
course each and every time that a dog would dismount her, it would get stuck
inside of her, and she'd be butt to butt with the animal, anywhere from ten to
fifteen minutes, before it's knot shrunk enough to be pulled out of her.

After she had fucked twenty dogs in a row, one right after the other, the
filming was finished, and Carla hollered out "CUT! THAT'S A WRAP!
Thanks everyone." 

Then she went over to a completely exhausted Suzy. "Lover, you were great!"
she cooed. "Let's get you back to your room, and a nice long bath."

Suzy was so tired and sore, that Carla had to call for a wheel chair, and
wheeled her back to her room.

"Oh Carla, how could you do that to me! I hurt so much, and I just know that
my pussy's been ruined."

"Oh lover, I know how much you are hurting now. I would have never had
you fuck so many animals, one right after the other, especially not after
fucking that horse of the warden's, but he's the boss, and I have to do what
he tells me to do. With time, you will heal and be just fine. Don't you worry."
the transsexual told her, with true concern in her voice, though even she had
her doubts about a full recovery, but didn't want to make Suzy overly worried
about something that might or might not happen.

The doctor arrived almost at the same time at Suzy's door as the other two
did. He gave her several shots, to relieve the pain and let her muscles relax.
No one was going to fuck her again before she was put on the plane, so he
handed Carla a tube of medication, to apply to her pussy, after she had
bathed, and also left her a strong sleeping pill to give her, before she left
her room for the evening.

Carla helped to douche her out, and prepared her tub, complete with soothing
bath salts and bubbles. As Suzy got into the tub to relax, for the first time
she noticed that the TV wasn't even on, and was grateful for the small favor.
Carla left, saying that she would be back in an hour, to help her out of the
tub, to dry off and get her into bed.

Suzy sighed as she just lay there in the water. Between the shots that she had
received, plus the soothing bath salts, she was able to begin to relax. She
was thankful that she'd be leaving in the morning, and away from this horrible
place and these horrible people.

"Wake up lover." Carla almost whispered, as she shook the young bride.

"Where am I?" Suzy said with a start.

"You're here lover. In your room, in your bathtub." Carla said.

"Oh Carla, in spite of the shots, and the bath, I still hurt all over,
especially my pussy." she told her handler.

"Oh lover I feel so bad for you. Probably a good night's sleep will help. The
doctor gave me a sleeping pill to give you, to help you sleep throughout the
night. Let's get you out of the tub and dried off, then we'll get you in bed.
You'll take the pill and you'll feel better in the morning. OK?" she suggested.

"Alright." Suzy moaned, as she exerted herself to help Carla get her out of
the tub.

Carla had to dry her, as Suzy was too weak to do so herself. She then helped
her into the bed, pulling the covers back up over her. She went and got her a
glass of water, and helped her take her pill.

"Well lover, goodnight. I'll let you sleep late tomorrow, as you have an
evening flight." she said, as she bent down and gave Suzy a kiss fully on her
lips, and then left.

As tired as she was, she fell right to sleep, even before the pill could take
effect.

*****************************************************************************

Meanwhile, back in Washington, D.C., Brad was awakened by the door bell
ringing. He was still hung over, from his two day drunk. He looked and felt
horrible. He hadn't shaved, nor showered, since just before they had left for
the airport a week earlier, his hair was disheveled and eyes were blood shot.
Whoever was at the door was insistent, and was now simply holding the bell
down, making it constantly buzz, which was giving him a head ache.

He slowly got up off of the floor, where he had puked several times, and
dragged himself to the door to see who it was. He looked out through the
peep hole, and saw his best friend, Dave. Groaning, as his head was aching
and pounding, he opened the door.

"When did you get back?" Dave asked. "Damn you look like shit! What's
going on?"

"You wouldn't believe it if I told you. And please, I'm hung over so don't
talk so loud." Brad groaned.

"Where's Suzy?" Dave asked.

At that point Brad couldn't take it anymore and broke down crying.

After Dave calmed the crying newly wed husband down, to the point where
he was able to talk, Brad spilled his guts, telling him about what happened in
Turkey, and the fact that they kept Suzy there for the past week, while
sending him home, though he didn't tell him about their first night there, nor
the threat to him if he told anyone.

"You're kidding man, over a canister of mace?" Dave exclaimed.

"Yean over a stupid little an of mace." Brad said, and then sobbed.

"So when's Suzy do back here?" he asked.

"I'm not sure if it's supposed to be late tomorrow night, or early the following
morning. They're supposed to call me with the exact flight numbers, as soon
as she's on the plane." he replied, and completely broke down again.

As they had been talking, Dave had looked around the apartment, at least the
parts that he could see from where they were, and noticed that it looked
trashed. "Hey man, let me help you clean this place up, from what you've told
me, Suzy's been through a real ordeal, and doesn't need to come home to a
trashed apartment." he offered, "And you need to be presentable too. No
matter how bad the not knowing has been, she's had to live it, and you need
to be here, and be strong for the two of you, for her sake. Go take a shower,
and I'll start cleaning up."

Brad agreed and went to the bathroom to shave, brush his teeth and shower.
By the time that he got out, Dave had the kitchen pretty much under control.

"When's the last time that you ate?" he asked Brad.

Brad gave him a blank look, and then replied, "I don't remember. I haven't
really been hungry, this situation has me so sick to my stomach.

"Well let's go out and get a bite to eat, and we'll pick up some groceries so
you'll have some food for Suzy when she gets back here."

They agreed and left.



To be continued in Day 8


*****************************************************************************
All of my stories, Ted E. Bear's, are now available at the Alt.Sex.Stories
Text Repository, also known as ASSTR.Org. Also at my FTP site, I also have
stories by other authors, most notably, Musker, Thumb, Night Writer & Not My
Story, from the best of my personal archives. Enjoy! Go to:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/tedebear/




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ted E. Bear Glaucus(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





