BDSM Library - The Inventor




The Inventor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man has invented a device that allows him to control anyone.  What would you do with that kind of power?
The Inventor

I'm an inventor.  In fact, unless you live in a cave somewhere, you almost
certainly own and use a lot of things containing one or more of my inventions. 
My inventions have made me rich, and one of them has also made me powerful. 
I've retired from inventing things, and now I use the one invention I never sold
to pursue my little hobby.

My invention is really very simple.  Well, it's simple to use.  It took me three
years to develop it, and maybe two or three people in the world would understand
how it works, but what it does is simple.  It fits in a ring I wear, and when
it's turned on, any person within about 10' of me has to obey any command they
hear or see.  The ring generates a field that makes it impossible for the
subject to disobey.

The subject is perfectly aware of what's going on, and they may want to disobey,
but they can't.  As long as I give them a command when they are within range,
they cannot disobey it even after they leave the field.  The effect is
permanent.  There are a few limitations, but not many.  For example, a person
must be in range when I give the command.  If I were to tell you, while you were
within range, to obey every command I gave you in the future, even on the phone,
it wouldn't work.  On the phone, you would be out of range, and you wouldn't
have to obey the new commands.

Also, I control the body, not the mind. So I can't command someone to forget
something, or to be in love with me.  I can, however, command someone to act as
though they are madly in love with me.  I can only imagine how it must feel to
hate someone and yet be unable to do anything but act like you love him.

Now, if I told you, while you were in range, to go home that night, boil water
in a pan, and then hold your hand in the boiling water for one minute, you would
do it, even though you would be out of range when you obeyed.  You just have to
be in range when I give the command.  Inside, you would be fighting to disobey,
and you would certainly feel the pain, but you would be unable to stop yourself
from doing it anyway.

It doesn't have to be me giving the command, either.  When someone is in range,
they will obey any command they hear or read.  To keep that from happening to
me, I have to wear a special hat that blocks the field.

I already have plenty of money, so I use the ring to play.  All I have to do is
be within 10' of a woman, and she's mine as long as I want her.  I was in the
mall a few days ago, and I saw a very lovely blonde in her late twenties.  She
was with some guy.  I walked up to her and said, "Hey, blondie, tell this guy to
get lost, and come with me."  I could instantly see the look in her eyes, the
look that said she didn't know what was happening to her.

She turned to the guy and said, "Get lost.  I'm going with this man."  I walked
away, and she followed.  Before we went two steps, the guy grabbed my shoulder
and spun me around.

I said, "Stop moving, and listen very carefully."  He did.  "When I say 'go' you
are going to turn around, return to your car, and drive home.  You will make no
effort to find this woman.  You will not report her missing.  If asked about
her, you will say you have no idea what happened to her.  You will never mention
or describe me in any way.  Also, you should not have grabbed me.  As
punishment, after you get home, you will find a baseball bat or something
similar.  You will take off all of your clothes, and then you will hit yourself
in the balls with the bat as hard as you can.  As soon as you are able, you will
hit yourself in the same way again.  Go."

As soon as I said, "Go" he turned and walked away.  The woman started to say
something.  I said, "Shut up."  She did.  Then I said, "You will only speak when
I ask you a question, and then only to answer the question.  What is your name?"

She said, "Beth."  "Fine," I said, "now follow me to my car."  When we got to my
van, I opened the passenger door and told her to get in, sit down, and stay
there.  After I got into the driver's seat, I told her to buckle up, and then
drove off.  Once we were moving, I said, "OK, now you can ask me questions if
you want to."

"Who are you?  How are you doing this to me?  What are you going to do to me?"

"Shut up," I said.  "That's enough for now.  My name is Ted, and I have perfect
control over your mind.  You have to obey me.  I am not going to tell you how I
do it.  I am taking you to my house.  I will keep you there a few days, until
I'm tired of you.  While you are there, I will tell you to do things.  You will
hate many of the things I tell you to do, but you will do them anyway.  When I
tire of you, I will tell you to leave.  After you leave, you will tell everyone
you know that you are madly in love with someone but that he didn't want you. 
You will never tell anyone who I am or how to find me."

I love watching one of my victims right after I tell them this.  The horror that
creeps over their face is wonderful.  After watching Beth for a few minutes, I
asked, "Well, are you having fun, yet?"

"No," she spat.  She was going to say more, but I held my finger to my lips, so
she couldn't go on.

"Well," I said, "Let's see if we can make it more interesting for you.  From now
on, and for the rest of your life, whenever someone calls you a bitch, you will
instantly have an orgasm.  The more forcefully they call you a bitch, the more
powerful your orgasm will be.  Are you ready to try it out?"

She was shaking her head no when I said, "You bitch."  She tried to hide it, but
the orgasm was obvious.  I let her have a couple of minutes to settle down, and
then said, "OK, now we'll go for a big one."  There was panic in her eyes.  I
waited a moment, and then shouted at her.  "YOU BITCH!!!"  This time there was
no way she could try to hide it.  What was almost certainly the most powerful
orgasm she had ever had swept through her.  She went rigid and then bucked so
hard she came right up off the seat.  Only the seatbelts kept her in place.  She
screamed, and then moaned and thrashed for at least two or three minutes.  When
she was done, she was covered with a sheen of perspiration and was limp in the
seat.  Her eyes looked glazed.

I said, "You can speak freely now, as long as you don't yell or say mean things
to me.  How did you like that?"

It took Beth a few moments to speak.  "Please, why are you doing this to me? 
Please let me go.  I won't tell anyone, I promise.  Please."

"Begging is nice," I said.  "I like begging.  I already told you I was going to
send you away in a few days, when I get tired of you.  I picked you because I
saw you in the mall, and I thought you were attractive.  It was a totally random
choice.  Think of it as your lucky day."

She was starting to cry, and it looked like she was hyperventilating.  I thought
I should settle her down a bit.  I said, kind of quietly, "You bitch."  This
orgasm was a small one, but it settled her right down.  After that, she just sat
there until we got to my house.

Like I said, I'm pretty rich, and my house shows it.  It is about 10,000 square
feet, and I have a five car attached garage.  I parked in the first stall, and
the opener shut the door.  I told Beth to get out of the car and follow me.  I
got out of the car and went into the house.  Naturally Beth followed along like
a puppy.

When we got into my living room, I sat on the sofa.  Then I told Beth to take
off her shoes, get on the coffee table, and do a nice, slow striptease for me. 
I used the remote to turn on the stereo.  I told her to make the striptease last
at least ten minutes.  Then I just sat back and enjoyed the show.  She did a
pretty nice strip, and she was a fairly good dancer.

When she was done, she just stood there on the table in front of me naked and
shivering a bit.  She said, "Now what should I do?"  I let her stand there for a
few minutes, and then told her to go sit on the carpet in front of the fireplace
and stay there.  I turned on the gas fire with the remote.  She was now outside
the ten-foot radius, so commands wouldn't work.  I asked her if she wanted to
suck me off and then swallow.  I wanted her to refuse.

She said, "No.  You disgust me.  You might be able to command me to do it, but I
won't do it willingly."

I have found that things go more smoothly if I break the woman a little bit
early on, so I said, "I'm sorry you feel that way.  I'll tell you what.  If you
change your mind, you tell me, YOU BITCH!"  She was hit with a powerful orgasm. 
A couple of minutes later, I repeated, "YOU BITCH!"  She wasn't really done with
the first orgasm when the second hit.  I just kept repeating it every couple of
minutes.

She was rolling on the carpet, screaming and moaning.  I never let her come
down.  I kept her writhing in orgasm for about 20 minutes, until she passed out. 
When she woke up a couple of minutes later, the first thing she said was, "OK,
I'll do it.  Please stop, please."  I motioned her to come over.  She was too
shaky to get up, so she crawled over on her hands and knees and got right to
work.

It was obvious she hadn't had much practice.  I had to coach her quite a bit,
but she got me off, and she did make an effort to swallow.  She only let a
little drip out onto her chin.  I said, "I thought you weren't going to do it
willingly.  I guess you changed your mind."

Beth was still kneeling in front of me.  She kept looking at the floor while she
spoke.  "I knew you could make me.  I don't know how, but you can.  It just
seemed easier to do what you want.  I'm sorry I'm not very good at it.  I never
did that before."

"Don't worry," I said, "because you are going to get a lot of practice from now
on.  By the time I get tired of you, you'll be an expert.  Right now, though, we
need to see if you can cook.  Go out in the kitchen and make a nice dinner. 
Look around to see what there is to prepare, and then get started.  I want to be
eating in an hour.  Do not leave the house for any reason, and don't use a
telephone, either.  Now, get going."

Beth went into the kitchen, and I lay back on the sofa and turned on the TV.  It
was Sunday, so I watched some pro football.  About 50 minutes later, Beth came
back into the living room to tell me dinner was ready in the dining room.  I
went into the dining room with her, and saw one place was set at the head of the
table.

She said, "I didn't know if I was supposed to eat with you, so I didn't set
myself a place.  I have everything right here if you want me to put it on the
table."  I told her to set a place right next to mine, so she did.

Dinner was shrimp scampi, steamed oriental vegetables, white rice, and a green
salad.  She had opened a nice Gewurztraminer, and there was ice water in crystal
glasses.  The candles were lit, and she had found my good china and silver.

Once we had started eating, I said, "This is very nicely done, Beth.  Do you
entertain a lot?'

"No, not too much.  I like to cook, though, and you have a really nice kitchen. 
I wasn't sure about the china and stuff, but you told me I had to make a nice
dinner."  She tried to smile.

I smiled back at her.  "Tell me, Beth, what do you think of me?"  It was a
command, and she was within 10 feet.

"I hate you because you kidnapped me and then made me suck you.  You told John
to hurt himself, too, and I'm really worried about him.  You didn't have to do
that.  I would like to say some other things, but you told me I couldn't yell or
say mean things."

"Yes I did, and as you've learned, you have to obey me.  How did you like it
when I made you orgasm over and over?  You want to try that again?"

The look of fear that came over her was wonderful.  She shook her head, and it
looked like she might start crying again.  "It was awful.  Please don't do that
to me again.  It was the most humiliating thing that has ever happened to me. 
Please, I'll do whatever you say.  You don't have to do that.  Please.  I'm
trying to be nice and act like I think you want me to."  She did her best to
smile again.

"Enough of this unpleasantness," I said.  "Let's finish this wonderful dinner
you made for us, and then I'll let you call John on the phone and make sure he's
OK.  Do you have a job?"

We make small talk for the rest of dinner, although I had a purpose.  I had to
learn enough about her so I could have her call people who might get suspicious
about her being gone.  I didn't want anyone like the police looking for her.

After dinner I let her call John on a cell phone I got in a fake name.  Except
for being a little sore, he was fine.  I had her tell him she was OK and would
be home in a few days.  When she hung up the phone, she was smiling for real.

I said, "I'm glad you are in a good mood, because it's time for you to practice
your oral technique.  Get on your knees."  I sat in a chair right in front of
her, and pulled out my cock.  For the next hour, I had her practice going deeper
and deeper.  By the time the hour was up, she was almost managing to deep throat
me.  I had been telling her not to suck, because I didn't want to come too soon,
but after her hour lesson, I had her start sucking, and in a few minutes, I came
down her throat.  She was improving.

When she was done, I showed her to the guest room.  I told her to stay there
until I came for her in the morning.  I also told her not to hurt herself, not
to damage anything, and to take a shower before 8am the next morning.  I knew
tomorrow was going to be a fun day.

The next morning at 8am sharp, I walked into the guest room.  Beth was sitting
on the bed, waiting for me.  Since I had made her do her striptease in the
living room the previous evening, her clothes were still out by the coffee
table.  The previous night I had ordered her to stay in the guest room, so she
couldn't retrieve them.  As a result, she was naked.

When I came in, she didn't say anything.  She also didn't attempt to cover up. 
I guess she was getting used to being naked around me.  I walked over until I
was in range of the ring, and said, "Well, how was your night?  Did you sleep
well?  Answer me completely."

She shook her head.  "No, I hardly slept at all.  There is no alarm in here, and
I was afraid I would oversleep.  You told me to shower before 8am.  Also, I
never slept in the nude before."

"Well," I answered, "you had better get used to it.  From now on, you will never
again wear any clothing at all while you are in bed.  In fact, you will be
completely unable to sleep if you are wearing any clothing at all.  Now, kneel
on the floor."  I sat on the bed and she knelt in front of me.

Even though I had not given her a command, she immediately went down on me. 
Like the previous night, she wasn't sucking, but she was much better at going
deep.  I had learned in the past that the women were always much better at it
the second day.  After a few minutes, I told her to start sucking.  I also said,
"Beginning now, whenever any man comes in your mouth, you will have an orgasm. 
It will be as strong an orgasm as you can have and still finish sucking him and
swallowing."

This was a bit diabolical.  From now on, she would get a reward every time she
sucked a man off.  I knew that as time went by, she would be conditioned to
enjoy giving blowjobs.  Sure enough, a few minutes later when I erupted, she had
to wrap her arms around my legs to keep her balance as she immediately had a
powerful orgasm herself.  When she was done, she sat back on her heels.  I could
tell she wanted to say something.

"Tell me what you are thinking."

She looked up at me.  "You're making me into a slut.  I never had sex before,
except in the dark.  I would never undress until the lights were off.  I never
sucked a man before, and I almost never had an orgasm.  Now I'm sitting here
naked, and I hardly even notice anymore."

"Good," I replied.  "You are a very beautiful woman.  Stand up and look at
yourself in the mirror."  She did.  "You're what, 5'8" tall.  You're a natural
blonde, as I can see from here.  You keep in shape, so your shape is very
shapely.  You have as nice a pair of blue eyes as I have ever seen, and a very
pretty face.  It's a shame to keep all that hidden from everyone like you've
been doing.  As far as the sex is concerned, if you've been doing it in the dark
and not really enjoying it, it's time for a change."

"Now, as long as you are here, you cannot go outside my house unless I tell you
to do so, and you cannot use a telephone without my permission.  You will never
make any effort to harm yourself or me in any way.  I'm getting hungry, so trot
your little butt into the kitchen and make breakfast.  When it's ready, find me
and let me know."

She took off at a trot, as I had told her, so I went downstairs to the pool for
a swim.  In about a half hour, she showed up.  "Where would you like your
breakfast served?"  I told her to use the breakfast nook in the conservatory,
and I would be up in a minute.  When she left, I dried off, dressed, and headed
up.  She had searched a bit and found my crepe maker.  They were delicious. 
Beth was a very good cook.

After we ate, I showed her where the utility closet was located, and told her to
get busy cleaning the house.  I went into my office to play some computer games
while Beth busied herself dusting, vacuuming, and generally cleaning up.  My
office is on a balcony overlooking much of the rest of my house, so I was able
to watch her most of the time.  Everyone should have a naked housekeeper.

It took Beth until about noon to finish the housecleaning.  When she was done, I
had her follow me downstairs to my indoor pool.  We swam for a while, and then I
told her to get dressed, as we were going out for lunch.  When I found her in
the mall, she had been wearing sneakers, socks, old lady underwear and bra, a
blue skirt that came just above the knees, and a light yellow pullover sweater. 
I had her wear only the shoes, skirt, and sweater.

On the way to the mall (a different one from where I picked her up) I explained
what would happen if she gave me any trouble.  "I'll have you strip and dance
naked around the mall, and I might call you a bitch a few times just so everyone
can watch you come.  You'll end up in a mental facility."  Beth promised me over
and over that she would be good.

We ate in the food court, and then I took her shopping.  She needed some new
clothes.  I didn't choose.  I told Beth to select clothes she thought I would
like.  She picked out two skirts a few inches shorter than the one she was
wearing, thong underwear, lace bras in black, green, and red, a tighter sweater,
a couple of semi-transparent blouses, and some nicely fitted bib overalls in
denim.  It was a much bolder look than she had been used to wearing.

I paid cash for the clothes, and as we were walking back to the car, I asked her
how she liked what she bought.  She was very quiet and seemed a little
embarrassed when she answered.  "I do like them.  I have always thought of
wearing clothes like these, but I never had the nerve to buy them.  Since I
didn't have any choice, it's not my fault.  I was surprised you didn't make me
wear some of the new stuff out of the mall."

"I'm a low key guy," I answered.  "People usually take their new clothes home in
a bag.  Well, we'll be back at my house soon, and if you want to, you can
practice your technique."  I had put it that way on purpose.  It wasn't a
command, so she didn't have to obey.  I wanted to see what she would do when we
got to the house.

I parked in the garage, went into the house, and sat on the sofa.  Beth followed
me into the house, and when we were in the living room, she stripped in about 5
seconds flat, without me telling her to do it.  Then she came right over and
knelt on the carpet in front of me.  "Is it time to practice yet?" she said.

I stood up and undressed, and then sat back down.  This time Beth really put her
heart into it.  She was starting to show some real natural talent.  She had no
problem deep-throating me, and her tongue flashed circles around my cock.  I
held out as long as I could, but it wasn't more than five or six minutes before
I came.  Beth had an explosive orgasm right along with me, and slid into a heap
on the floor after she had sucked me dry.

I was a bit confused.  Beth wasn't the first woman I had used my invention to
play with, but this was different.  It was almost like she had wanted to suck me
off.  I was thinking this over when I felt her shaking where she lay on the
floor up against my legs.  When I leaned over to look at her, I saw she was
sobbing, but trying to hide it.

I said, "Get up, and sit on my lap."  When she was on my lap, I hugged her and
asked her why she was crying.

"I'm s-s-s-sorry," she managed to get out between sobs.  "I know you're going to
get tired of me and send me away, but I don't want to go.  Please let me stay. 
I can cook and clean for you, and if you bring other women here I can just hide
in a closet or something.  I won't be any trouble, I promise."

Well, this rocked me back more than somewhat.  Before Beth, there had been seven
other women, and none of them were anything but glad to finally be allowed to
leave.  Now Beth wanted to stay?  I didn't have a clue as to what might be going
on behind those beautiful, blue eyes.  I decided to ask.

"Why do you want to stay?"

Her reply didn't help my mental state.  "Yesterday you told me that when you
sent me away, I was going to have to tell people that I was in love with a man
who didn't want me.  Well, it won't be a lie.  Why haven't you raped me?"

Her question caught me by surprise, because I was still in shock from her
telling me she loved me.  "I don't force intercourse on any of the women I
control.  First, they could get pregnant, and I don't want to make any babies by
accident.  Second, even criminals like me have some standards.  I'll make you
blow me, but I won't rape you."

Again, her response was unexpected.  She lifted her arm.  "I have implants, see? 
I won't get pregnant, and I want you to have sex with me, so it won't be rape."

"What brought this on?  How can you fall in love with your kidnapper?  Besides,
you've only been here about 24 hours.  You don't even know me."  I couldn't
believe I was trying to talk my victim out of being in love with me.

"I've been thinking about this a lot," she said.  "You have some kind of strange
power, and I think you could do pretty much anything to anybody and get away
with it.  Is that true?"

I thought for a second.  "Yes, I guess that's true.  People have to do whatever
I tell them."

Beth smiled at me.  "See, and even though you have all this power, you haven't
really been mean to me.  I know that sounds stupid, since you kidnapped me, but
you haven't really hurt me like you could have.  Your punishments have been to
make me have orgasms, and you haven't raped me.  You've been concerned enough to
make sure I didn't get crazy and hurt myself, too.  I think you're really a nice
person underneath."

"You sound like Luke, telling his father, 'I know there's good in you.'"

"Yeah, well, Luke was right, wasn't he?"

I could see I was getting nowhere, and I really needed to think this over. 
"Maybe he was.  Right now I want you to wash your new clothes and then decide
what you are making for dinner.  We will talk about this again later."

About an hour later I went into the kitchen.  Beth was defrosting a beef roast
in the microwave.  I handed her an apron.  I was one of those French maid deals. 
You've seen them.  They are black with frilly white lace trim.  This one had a
sheer bib that covered her tits without hiding them, and a short apron part that
barely covered her pussy.  It didn't have a back at all.

"If you're going to be my maid, you need to be properly dressed.  Put this on."

Her face lit up like a neon sign.  "Really, you're going to let me stay?"

"Well, we'll see.  As of now, you're on probation.  If you slip up even once,
you'll be sorry."

Her smile could have lit up a stadium.  "Yes, sir, I'll be good.  Dinner will be
served about seven, if that's convenient for you."

I walked out without saying a word.

After dinner (which was excellent) I led Beth into my bedroom.  She looked very
cute in the maid's apron, but I took it off anyway.  After I stripped, I said,
"Kneel and get busy."  She went right to work practicing her new skills.  After
a couple of minutes, I told her to stop and get on the bed.

When I ran my fingertips over her body, she shuddered with pleasure.  I had
never seen a woman so aroused.  She screamed when I entered her, and it was all
I could do to hold her down.  I told her to rub her clit, and she did that with
her right hand.  Her left arm and legs were wrapped around me.  After I slid in
and out for a few minutes, I said, "Come for me, you bitch."

It's good I don't have any close neighbors.  She was loud.  Every time she
started to come down, I would repeat, "Don't stop, you bitch."  The last time, I
shouted it, and then came with her.  When I pulled out, she lay there limp for
several minutes, and then crawled down and licked me clean.

When she was done, she looked up at me and said, "I AM the maid.  Cleanup is
part of my job."

This all happened about a year ago.  Beth has been living with me since, and she
still loves it.  She didn't really like her job, and so had no regrets about
quitting.  She met with John a few days after I kidnapped her to tell him she
had found someone else.  He rebounded pretty quickly and is now married to
somebody else.

Well, Beth is almost done vacuuming, and the way she has been eyeing me up, I
think she wants to blow me.  Remember, she still has an orgasm every time.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  BDSM Bill


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





