BDSM Library - First Meeting




First Meeting
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: About a submissive male first meeting his online mistress. some confusions some doubts... and than lots of pleasure.
First Meeting

After a long evening we had together for a first time, you were sleeping
peacefully snuggling to my half-naked body. Satisfied and fulfilled. But in the
middle of the night you were forced awake by the sudden feel of strong hands
lifting and shifting you on the bed and laying you on your front, your ass
raised high in the air by the pillows under your stomach. Still half asleep, you
wondered if it was me that held you. Deciding to calm your fears you trusted
that it was and relaxed to me. Still saying nothing, I tied your wrists above
your head. You struggled slightly, but were glad to be tied more comfortably
when I roughly pulled at your boxers, ripping them harshly from you.

Once I had aggressively stripped you naked, what little clothing you wore now
shreds as you trembled under my crude probing hands. Forcing your legs apart, I
mounted you while stroking your cock, and once I had forced my strap-on inside,
you knew it was ME, indeed. The feel of that was already familiar to you as my
body rested on top of yours and my pace was rough, hard, and demanding. You
struggled against me, trying to close your legs, believing I wanted a mock rape,
but you did not fight me much.

Although you did not cry for help, you could not stop the moans and gasps from
the fullness inside of you, a little sore from a few hours ago. Clamping one
hand to your throat, my hips pounded against yours and my grunts were against
your ear, my breasts pressing on your back. When my fingers tightened slightly,
you opened your mouth to scream for me to stop, but my hiss of words stopped
you.

"You keep quiet, slut." my tone was deep and raspy, and you fought to keep
yourself from panic, " Or I will fuck you like hell that you will not be able to
stand up on your legs for a long time. Do you understand?"

"Yes." you were able to squeeze out one word.

"Good little boy. You feel so fucking good."

I continued to moan vulgarities in the same tone, as your fear seemed to grow
you were unable to enjoy it as much as before. Still, my thrusts and strokes
brought you to a screaming orgasm and I chuckled in your ear, knowing your body
had betrayed you. Lifting you slightly, I pinched adamantly at your nipples,
pulling and twisting until you were begging for me to stop. Unseen tears soaked
the bed as my hands found other parts of your body to hurt, slapping your thigh,
pulling your hair, all the while moving faster and rougher within you.

"Please, God, please stop!"

You may have been screaming, but my mouth clamped suddenly over yours, almost
biting with my intense kisses and forceful tongue. You moved your legs in
attempt to go away, but my hips pressed so strongly against yours, you could
barely move, my slut, my toy. You tried not to think about how the fear was
beginning to arouse you, but it was so hard as I forced my body crushing on top
of yours over and over. Your body gave in to another orgasm as my expert hand
stroked your ball sack. You shuddered and began to kiss me back, maddened by my
intensity. Without stopping, I untied your hands and rolled you over your back.
I held you even tighter, and I pushed my self all the way in a thrust, all you
could do was wrap your arms and legs around me, needing, suddenly, this
perversion more than you thought possible. Moving my mouth to your ear, I gasped
"Fuck!" again and again, and you knew I was about to come. Only, I stayed within
you, and you could feel me shake as I orgasm hard, you pushed at my shoulders,
even tried pushing me out of you, but failed.

"Damn, I wish we could do that all night."

That was all I said when I withdrew from you and left you laying there, stunned,
shaken, cold from the emptiness around you. Was this what being violated felt
like? You had known mock rape games before, but going in, you knew what to
expect, where as this was all-new to you. Sitting up, you stand at the
open-window with soreness covering you, more mental than physical. Had you made
a mistake in trusting me? You had always believed that you loved every aspect of
being with me - until that moment. You damned yourself for enjoying being such a
cheap fuck; you had played whore before, but never been used so seductively. You
sat on the couch in front of bed, thinking too much, you managed to pass out on
the couch, having found a blanket in the closet, and was woken up by Me rubbing
your forehead gently. Once you opened your eyes, I smiled, kneeling beside you
as I pressed my lips to yours.

"You are a very lovely slut," I whispered, " If I had more time with you, I
would give my toy some rest." I motioned to your body, than rubbed your cock a
little, " But I only have one more day with you before I return."

You wanted to say something about the mock rape, needing to set your thoughts
right but I kissed you so tenderly; you yielded to me as I removed your cover.
You were very useable, I suppose, at least to the tempting of my touch.
Standing, I lifted you up on your legs and held you to me, wearing only a
bathrobe, I pushed it open to feel you against my skin, then kissed your cheek.

"Now, my Slut, I will go out for a while for work, call room service, set up
this bed, bathe yourself, and than wait for me when you have finished. I will be
back in an hour" my order stunned you as you expected me to play with you that
time, " Be ready my beautiful slut." I leave a kiss to your forehead and went
out.

Fighting the urge to oppose my command, you quietly obeyed, wanting so badly to
talk to me out of character. After finishing all tasks you dressed and set back
on couch, thinking, waiting for me. I came back after what seems like long
hours. You saw me and approached, you get undressed as I indicated you for that,
making you felt nude and completely vulnerable. I set on couch and relaxed.
Taking your place on the floor beside me as you had the night before, you could
not bring yourself to look up at me adoringly as you had, feeling a slight chill
and wondering why you had agreed to this whole game.

"Are you not well, my pet?" my voice broke your lucid thought.

"I am fine, Ma'am." you answered without lifting your head.

"You will look at me when you speak." I demanded.

"I'm sorry." your eyes met with mine and you were aware that they hurt to be
open, so you quickly looked away again.

"You are not obeying me, slut. Shall I have you tied up?"

Taking a deep breath, you looked up at me, "Please forgive me, I have not
recovered from our last fuck."

Anger flashed over my face, "You will not use that word in my presence, slut. Go
to bathroom or anywhere else. I want you out of my sight. NOW"

Without question, you scurried away, and a tear rolls down on your cheek. You
wore a bathrobe and sat in bathroom just lost in thoughts. What a child you
were. Being a slut was such a fantasy of yours, and you were so excited at the
idea, but were you really mature enough to handle it? Truthfully, you thought
that I was an amazing lover and even with the unavoidable tinge of fear, you
were aroused just thinking about having my strap-on inside you once more. You
could not sort things out, no matter how long you just sat in bathroom, so you
eventually got out. I was a good woman with a perversity that you once admired.
In your mind, anyway.

"Are you better, my dear?" I had stepped into the bathroom without your being
aware.

"Oh, um, yes, Ma'am." you were having trouble getting into character.

"Come to me."

 You approached me and I quickly removed your robe before dropping my own robe
to the floor. Your eyes fixed on my face; you were close enough for your arousal
to brush against my thigh, forgetting any misgivings you may have had. Seizing
your hips with my firm hands, I kissed your lips with a full and overpowering
intensity, then moved my hands to cup your bare buttocks. Standing there, with
our mouths together, I caressed you so gently, you wondered how many
personalities I had as my palms roamed your back, your belly, and up to your
chest.

"You see, my dear, when you do well, I will reward you. And after last night,
you deserve pleasure as you have pleasured me."

Leading you slowly to bed, I made you lay with your back against a prop of
pillows as I knelt between your thighs and carefully spread them apart. Lowering
my mouth to your inner thigh, I kissed and teased, stroked your balls with my
fingers, then licked your cock head very slightly with the tip of my tongue.

"Oh, Ma'am," you moaned, raising your hips.

You lost yourself in the desire as my slow, willing mouth sent you into spasms
of an endless climax. While my lips and tongue made love to you, you kept your
legs wide for me, your back a bit arched, your head thrown back. I slowly pushed
my fingers in your rosebud as I kept up giving you more loud moans. Truly, no
other woman could ever send you into such a whirlwind of delight. It felt as
though hours passed, as I did nothing more than gratify you, before I finally
lifted from you, and smiled up into your flushed face.

"Oh, my slut, you were made for me."

You gave in to me, heart and soul, dismissing any hesitation as you gave your
body to me, willingly and completely. You were ordered to make an iced drink for
me while I changed, and you did so with a new anticipation and a smile. You
allowed yourself to believe I owned you, and anything I did to your body was
complete pleasure. You came to terms with your enjoyment of the mock rape, as
you continued to think what a silly fool you were not to trust me this
completely from the beginning.

You were standing near the small freezer taking ice out, bent over, when my
hands appeared out of thin air, stroking your ass with one hand, and suddenly
forcing my fingers inside of you. You gasped and spread your legs while my other
hand forced you to stay still bent over, holding you down. Moving my fingers
within you, you gave in to the sensual feel of the pain and rocked your hips
with my thrusts.

"Yes, you want to be my whore, don't you?" my voice was low and raspy, "Good
slut."

Replacing my fingers quickly with my strap-on, I took hold of your butt and took
the ice cubes in my hands; I rubbed my way down to your crack. You were soaking
wet and shaking as I forced my full, thickness into you, finding it hard to keep
your balance as I pounded into you when I suddenly pushed and lifted you on your
tiptoes off the floor, holding your thighs to my hips. You were moaning as I
possessed you once more, and I came within seconds, followed by more and more
earth shattering orgasms. At this point, it seemed, our passion could do nothing
but surpass the last time.

"You enjoy being raped, don't you, slut?" I asked, but you could find no voice
to answer me, "Tell me you love me raping you!"

"Oh, yes!" was all you could say, lost in the rapture of my forceful thrusts and
touch.

"Good." I chortled, "Shall I use you like this all night?" you could hear my
words, but not understand their meaning clearly; "I'll tie you stretched up like
this. And I will spend hours fucking you, raping your sweet boy pussy. And you
will take it because you love it."

You trusted me, and knew this was going to happen. And you were ready for it. 

"Oh, I will love to watch every single thrust that I will do, every slap, every
pinch, every little look of fear on your face. You will beg for mercy, but I
will not let you stop, slut, do you understand?"

You could do nothing but moan as your body trembled with near-climax; so turned
on by my words at that moment, you might have done anything I asked.

"Fuck yes, you will. I'll have you all well used by end of the day" I pounded
harder into you as I spoke, "my vibe in your ass," I grabbed your hair and
pulled on it, "And my strap-on in this tight bud of yours. Fucking you, using
you for the whore you are."

You shuddered again as I stopped talking, groaning, my voice rising to almost a
yell. Withdrawing till the tip of my fake cock, I thrust back in, moaning, "
mine!" as I did. Reaching my hands around you, I seized your nipples, cupping
them with a rough grasp as I pulled you to a stand. Saying nothing, I bit hard
into your neck and you yelped, but relaxed against my hot, moist body while I
pinched and teased your nipples.

Suddenly I shifted backwards, crying out almost as I began thrusting violently
into you, "Mine," I growled, fingers curling into your groin, stroking hardly,
bringing you down to impale you ever further on my strap-on. You cried out, a
sound of agreement torn from your throat.

"Mine!" I repeated, my body thudding into yours so violently the shudders echoed
all the way up to your nipples where my fingers tightened almost cruelly. Again
your voice answered out in a wordless reply. You could feel me sawing through
you, a serrated blade that easily sliced into your flesh.

"MINE!" I shouted out. This time you were silent, instead feeling the lightning
that tore along your spine, the purest, richest, quicksilver of sensations,
tearing through your body and suddenly making it arch and writhe.

 Your world collapsed, a dying supernova around us both. I felt you pulsing,
throbbing, jettisoning your semen, your body shuddering and convulsing
uncontrollably as the sky turned to light and fell around you in glittering
pieces.

I hold on to you for long time as you throw back your head on my shoulder,
completely spent. I took my strap-on out slowly. You moaned again, I kissed you
lightly and lead you to bed holding your hand in mine. You did not let go of my
hand even after I tucked you in and tell you to rest. I smiled and get into bed
with you. Holding you near me, I murmured slowly, " All Mine!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Empress Drucilla


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





