BDSM Library - Kevin Butler




Kevin Butler
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three bikini clad black women kidnap Kevin from the 7-11 where he works.
Kevin Butler Ch. 1

by mannapper (c)



   It was a warm early Wednesday morning in June, with the temperature in the
mid-70's. The 7-11 on Route 60 in Valrico, Florida was very quiet and
20-year-old Kevin Butler who worked the 11PM-7AM shift was reading 'USA Today'.
At about 3AM the quiet was shattered suddenly by a commotion at the front door
of the store. When Kevin looked up, he could not believe what he was seeing.
Three beautiful black women wearing only bikinis and high heels rushed through
the front door giggling and acting drunk. The bikinis that they were wearing and
the way they were staggering and giggling held Kevin's attention and he did not
see Suzette flip the open sign on the door window to closed.



   Tammy Cato, 25 years old, stood 5'7", her 32B breasts filling her black
bikini top, her long slender smooth legs totally exposed, her hips barely      
covered by her black bikini bottom. Her 2" black heels made her 5'9" tall. Her
curly black hair was flowing down to her shoulders.

   Veronica Redic, 26 years old, stood 5'9", her shocking pink bikini top hardly
containing her firm 34C breasts, her pink bikini bottom exposing her firm 32"
hips. Her 3" pink high heels making her 6' tall. Her long frizzy black hair
flowed down to her breasts.

   Suzette Evans, 28 years old, stood 5'7", she was wearing a white bikini whose
top was tied in front that her 36D breasts strained against. Her 3" white high
heels made her 5'10" tall.

   Kevin watched in amazement and shock as Tammy staggered into the rack holding
bags of potato chips, pretzels, corn chips and popcorn and scattering them all
over the floor.

   "Whoa ladies," Kevin called out through the microphone. "Please be careful
with the merchandise."

   "Woops," Tammy giggled.

   Tammy brought her right hand to her lips to suppress her giggling.

   "Hello," Kevin said through the microphone in frustration. "Ladies, can I
help you?"

   The three women stopped staggering, turned towards direction of the metallic
voice, and saw Kevin behind the Plexiglas partition that all 7-11 stores used to
protect their employees and prevent robberies during the late night hours.

   "Ooops," Tammy giggled. "Sorry about the mess, mister."

   "We want some wine," Veronica said.

   Veronica started staggering towards the wine rack. Kevin knew that he was not
supposed to come out from behind the partition between midnight and 6AM but he
also knew that if he didn't, that these women were going to knock not only the
bottles of wine all over the place but everything else. If that happened, he
would have one hell of a mess to clean up when they left. Besides these women
did not look dangerous at all, they were apparently drunk and besides there was
also a video machine that was tape recording everything in case they did rob
him.

   "Hold on, lady," Kevin called out. "I'll get the wine for you."

   Kevin came out from behind the partition, leaving the door ajar and made his
way quickly towards the wine rack. He could not smell any alcohol but he could
smell their perfume.

   "Why thank you, young man," Veronica said a little too loudly. "You're such a
gentleman."

   "Don't you ladies think you've had a little too much wine to drink tonight?"
Kevin smiled.

   "Why we haven't had anything to drink," Suzette said a bit too loudly. "We
just want to party."

   As Kevin walked past Suzette, she goosed his ass and he swung around to face
her.

   "Hey," Kevin said. "Watch the hands, lady."

   Veronica quickly came up behind Kevin's 5' 9" body and wrapped her soft
feminine ebony arms around him in a bear hug pinning his arms to his side.

   "What the hell," Kevin cried out.

   "Gotcha," Veronica said.

   "Hey, let me go," Kevin demanded.

   "Ahhh, come on, baby," Veronica said. "Let's party."

   Kevin could feel Veronica's firm but feminine breasts pressing into his back
as struggled to break free from her grasp to no avail. He could feel her soft,
sexy but strong arms pinning his arms against his sides.

   "Let me go," Kevin said again.

   Kevin continued to struggle Suzette stepped directly in front of him with a
bright smile on her face.

   "Like I said," Suzette said with a smile. "We just want to party, honey."

   Before Kevin could respond, Suzette punched him in the belly.

   "Oommpphh," Kevin said.

   "And you're the guest of honor," Suzette said.

   The air rushed out of Kevin's lungs as he slumped in Veronica's grasp and she
eased him to the floor. Tammy ran over to the L'eggs display and came back with
a pair of pantyhose in her hands.

   "Let's tie his hands behind his back," Tammy said.

   "Good idea, Tammy," Veronica said.

   Tammy knelt down next to Kevin as Veronica held his hands behind his back.

   "No, please don't," Kevin hollered.

   Suzette pressed her soft feminine hand tightly over his Kevin's mouth.

   "Shush," Suzette said softly. "Just be a good little white boy and let us
three ladies of color show you how to party."

   "Mmmppphhh," Kevin moaned.

   Tammy tied Kevin's hands securely behind his back with the pantyhose as
Suzette kissed him on the forehead.

   "Be good, sweetie," Suzette said.

   Veronica got to her feet and went behind the Plexiglas partition, she opened
the cash register, scooped the up the bills and shoved them in her bikini top
and bottoms.

   "Don't forget the video tape, Veronica," Tammy called out. "While you are
back there."

   Veronica looked around and could not find the videotape machine.

   "The tape machine is not back here," Veronica said. "I can't find it."

   Tammy grabbed a handful of Kevin's brown hair and pulled his head back up
until she was looking directly into his brown eyes and smiled.

   "Baby, where is the tape machine?" Tammy asked him.

   Suzette removed her hand from Kevin's mouth but he was in no mood to
cooperate with these black women.

   "Fuck you," Kevin gasped.

   Tammy wrapped her right arm around Kevin's throat as she continued to pull
his hair. Suzette slapped him sharply across the face.

   "Now be a good boy and tell us where the video tape machine, honey," Suzette
smiled.

   Tammy increased the pressure on Kevin's throat, he could not believe that
such a soft arm could be so strong. Kevin was having trouble breathing.

   "Oh my God," Kevin gasped. "It's in the back office."

   "Thank you," Suzette said sweetly.

   Suzette kissed Kevin on the lips her tongue invading his mouth as Tammy
loosened her painful hold on his throat and hair. Veronica went through the door
directly behind her and was in the back office. She looked around and saw the
videotape machine on a table in the corner.

   "There you are," Veronica smiled.

   Veronica went over to the table and removed the videotape from the machine.

   "I got you, baby," Veronica giggled.

   Veronica came out of the back office waving the videotape triumphantly in her
hand.

   "I've got the tape, girls," Veronica shouted. "Now let's get the Hell out of
here with our guest of honor."

   Veronica moved quickly from behind the Plexiglas and towards the front door
of the 7-11 and held it open.

   "Let's go, stud," Veronica said.

   Suzette and Tammy stood up pulling Kevin to his feet with them. He struggled
with them and they quickly twisted his arms behind his back.

   "Aaaahhhhh," Kevin cried out.

   "Keep quiet," Suzette said.

   Suzette pressed her hand tightly over Kevin's mouth.

   "You're coming with us," Suzette said.

   Suzette and Tammy kept Kevin's arms twisted behind his back as they led him
towards the front door of the 7-11 that Veronica was holding open.

   "Mmmmmpphhhhh," Kevin screamed into Suzette's palm.

   Suzette kept her left hand over Kevin's mouth while keeping his right hand
twisted behind his back with her right hand.

   "Shush, be a good boy," Suzette said. "And everything will be just fine."

   Tammy and Suzette took Kevin out of the 7-11 and into the parking lot as
Veronica opened the back door of their silver 2001 Ford Taurus SES.

   "Get in the car," Veronica said.

   Tammy and Suzette shoved Kevin into the leather seat in the back of their
Taurus. Veronica closed the back door of the car, quickly got in the driver's
seat and drove off.

   "We did it," Suzette shouted. "The BBB's have pulled it off."

   "Who would have thought," Tammy said. "That three black women in bikinis
could pull off kidnapping a white stud and robbing a 7-11 at the same time?"

   Kevin could not believe what was happening to him. 10 minutes ago he was
working, minding his own business, when these three beautiful black women,
wearing bikinis, came into the 7-11 and now he found himself in the back seat of
a car, his hands tied tightly behind his back with a pair of pantyhose, with a
black woman on either side of him, not knowing where they were taking him. He
could feel their almost naked, bikini clad, bodies pressing against him from
either side. Their perfume wafted into his nostrils. Veronica put a 'Destiny's
Child' CD on. Tammy who was on his left side placed her right hand on his left
thigh.

   "How are you doing, sweetie?" Tammy asked.

   "Great," Kevin said sarcastically.

   Suzette looked over at Kevin with a smile on her face. She ran her right hand
through his brown hair.

   "Oh, come on," Suzette said. "It could be worse you know."

   "Yeah," Kevin said. "How?"

   "Well you could have been kidnapped by a gang of over sexed gay men, who
would fuck you up the ass," Suzette smiled.

   Tammy and Suzette laughed but Kevin, turning red in the face, just looked at
Suzette.

   "Instead you got kidnapped by three beautiful black vixens," Suzette
continued. "So consider yourself lucky."

   "Thanks," Kevin said bitterly.

   Tammy moved her right hand to the zipper of Kevin's pants, unzipped it and      
reached in grabbing the shaft of his cock in her hand. She started massaging his
cock with her soft feminine fingers.

   "Do you like that, honey?" Tammy asked.

   "No," Kevin said.

   "Maybe you don't," Tammy giggled. "But it seems that your cock likes it."

   Kevin's manhood was betraying him and responding to Tammy's milking of his
cock.

   "Ohhhhh," Kevin moaned.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  mannapper


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





