BDSM Library - Flight Instruction




Flight Instruction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two Asian flight air-stewardesses roundly abuse and humiliate a passenger.
Flight Instruction

This story contains violent or sexually explicit material and should be read by 
adults only. 

Part I

My adventure began on a JAL flight from the old Kai Tak airport in Hong Kong 
to Osaka.  The bookstore in the departure lounge had a nice little section 
of femdom erotica and I purchased a few magazines to bring with me on the 
flight.  As I boarded the plane, I bumped right into this absolutely 
gorgeous stewardess and a strange thing happened- any other Japanese woman 
would have immediately apologized for the incident, despite it being my 
fault.  This gorgeous woman looked me right in the eye and said, "You really 
should watch where you are going"; her voice was absolutely all business.  I 
felt a little chastised and was looking down at her nametag-Junko-when she 
asked to see my boarding pass in a fairly sharp tone.  And then directed me 
to my seat with a mere hand gesture, rather than with the typical fawning 
and diminutive behavior that I associated with Asian women, particularly 
stewardesses.
	The flight was fairly empty, being that it was one that had been
cancelled the day before and pretty much everyone else from that flight
was placed on a different airline yesterday.  I had taken the
opportunity to stay the extra day and went out carousing all night with
friends in Hong Kong.  So I was one of only three people in the first
class section and the rest of the flight was similarly empty.  I grabbed
a few magazines from the rack, sat down, and started to thumb through
them.  I suddenly felt a sharp tug as the very same stewardess roughly
grabbed the seatbelt that was under me and pulled the other end around,
clicking them together and tightening it in one quick motion. While she
did this I was equally distracted by her perfectly manicured nails
(blood red and perfect) and by her gorgeous legs which were covered by
sheer black stockings. I felt a little embarrassed that she was had
buckled me in-like I wasn't capable of doing that myself.  She then
tugged the free end even more, making it too tight for me to breathe
comfortably.  I looked up at her questioningly and practically
whispered, "Isn't that a little tight".  All I got in response was a
tight commanding smile, challenging me to say more.  Well, I was too
tired to care- I was dead to the world before we were wheels up.  The
flight took off and I was in another world.
I awoke as horny as I'd ever been- no rhyme or reason, just raging
hormones.  No one around I got up and took the femdom magazines down
from my bag in the overhead bin.  As I sat there reading, a deliciously
dirty feeling swept through me, like I was a teenager getting away with
something.   I didn't notice her until her hair swept down across my
face and I smelled her alluring fragrance.  I would have jumped, except
that the seatbelt was too tight for me to move.  Immediately I closed
the magazine and looked up at her, blushing with embarrassment.
Her hand quickly gripped my jaw and forced my head straight and she
whispered, "You know, that kind of filth isn't tolerated in my
country".  I could only stammer, "Uh, re-re-really?"  But she was
already gone. I sat there for a minute, wondering what the hell to do-
what can I say?  I was humiliated I closed my eyes for a second,
thinking I am such a tool, when I again felt her warm breath in my ear,
"Come with me", she commanded.  I followed her into the bathroom.  She
pushed me backwards against the toilet and I fell backwards onto the
lid.  Junko turned and locked the door.
She then sat up against the tiny sink and placed her two gorgeous high
heels on either side of me on the commode.  And stared at me, "You will
do everything I tell you to do, yes?"  I could only nod.  She shimmied
up a bit to get her skirt around her hips, revealing the dark bands of
the top of her stockings, contrasted by her creamy thighs.  Her sheer
white panties glowed translucently, perfectly framing her black pubic
hair beneath.  "Now suck my pussy, you disgusting pervert", came the
command.  I was so excited and scared and turned on I couldn't move.
But she was impatient.  Junko entwined her fingers behind my head and
pulled my nose deeply into her scent.  And held me there.  My mouth
pressed up against those perfect panties, feeling her juices beginning
to seep through.  Nose crushed into her slit, absorbing all there was to
smell.  But I could not breathe.  My entire head was surrounded by her:
legs wrapped around my neck, hands pulling me deeper, thighs pressing
tightly against my ears.  Oxygen was needed- I was suffocating- I
started to panic and tried to push away and then I heard the most
sinister sound: giggling- she was laughing at my plight and meeting each
of my movements with an even tighter grip around my head.  And that was
the precise moment when I relinquished all control and stopped
struggling- I knew then that she had me and her will was mine.  She felt
me relax and whispered, "Good.  We understand each other."  She loosened
her hold on me briefly and pulled a tie at the side of her panties,
revealing her perfect neatly shaven pussy.  She undid a belt on her
skirt and pulled the skirt and panties away.  "Get to work," she
ordered.  Desperately wanting to satisfy this demanding woman, I licked,
nuzzled, nibbled, sucked, and tongued her for all my worth, her juices
flowing steadily, covering my mouth and nose.  I could feel her
excitement- if I slowed down her thighs and hands clamped down,
encouraging me to lick and suck harder.  I was breathing and living in
her gorgeous womanhood, worshipping her essence.  My entire being wanted
to please her, to meet her desires.  Her orgasms came quickly one after
another, the black high heels tattooing the rhythm of her peaks on my
back.  Then with one final suppressed scream, her thighs fell to the
side and she pushed my head away.  "You're not bad- given more training,
you might even satisfy me sometime".  I beamed at the compliment.
"Stand up, face the mirror, and put your hands on the sink."  I did as
she ordered as she moved behind me.  "Don't move."  She quickly
unbuckled my belt, popped the buttons on my trousers open, and slid them
down my legs.  My cock was hard, pushing against the cotton of my
boxers.  My underwear were pushed down too, allowing my dripping penis
to spring free.  I moaned.  She then quickly slid my shoes, pants, and
boxers off and stood behind me once more.  I could feel her still warm
wet crotch push up against my ass as she wrapped her long fingers around
my dick and started stroking.  "Do you like it?" she whispered. "More
than anything."  "Good.  You're lucky I'm in a generous mood."  With
that, she knelt down behind me, hand still gently shafting my prick.  I
sighed in disappointment when she took her hand off.  Then I was being
pushed forward by her hands as they pulled my ass cheeks apart.  Her
warm breath on my ass made me whimper.  She blew more and I wriggled.
"Stop moving, pervert."  Her tongue speared me quickly- I bit my lip to
keep from screaming.  It felt like it was eight inches long; it was
everywhere- rimming me, stabbing my hole, exploring deep in my rectum,
electrifying each and every nerve ending.  I reached down for my prick
but she slapped my hand away.  She stood up again and I moaned in
disappointment.  Her hot pussy thrust against my now wet hole.  She
looked at me in the mirror, staring deep into my eyes as she placed one
perfect slim finger against her plush plum lips and pushed it into her
mouth, her cheeks hollowing as she sucked it in.  The finger came out
glistening.  Her eyes flashed a brief smile and I could feel her
fingernail scrape against my asshole.  I gulped and then the finger
slowly started to slide in.  I tensed up- "Relax or I'll shove my whole
fist up your ass!"  Against my will I forced myself to relax.  The
finger insinuated itself into my virgin ass until I felt the rest of her
hand against my butt.  My eyes fluttered closed with embarrassment.
"Look at me!"  I opened my eyes and found her drawing me in, challenging
me to stop her intrusion of my most private place.  And then she started
fucking me.  Slowly at first, tantalizing me, teasing me.  Smiling that
evil little grin.  I started to involuntarily move to meet her finger,
impatient for the pleasure.  A second finger joined the first.  She
smiled, knowing that I loved to be fucked, to be taken by her.  The
fingers moved faster, as did my hip movements.  "Who's my bitch? Hunh?
Who's my little fuck hole?"  I knew her hand was a blur between my legs
and each time her fingers stabbed against my prostate, I yelped.  My
eyes fluttered close and she chastised me and demanded they be opened-
she was fucking me with her eyes as much as she was with her fingers.
The pleasure was building and I could feel this tremendous pressure deep
in my balls and gut but the fingering slowed to a stop and she gently
pulled her digits from my soundly fucked hole.  A little sigh from me-
still hard, insanely turned on, not willing to disobey her and start
jerking off furiously.  She dug briefly through her bag and stood
up when I felt this cold hardness press against my ass.  I started to
jump, but my movement halted when she slapped me hard on the ass.  The
unknown object started sliding into my hole, her eyes all the while on
mine.  I'm sure my fear was readily apparent, just as her absolute
command of me was clear in her eyes.  The cold plastic got thicker and
thicker.  "Too big", I grunted.  "No one asked you, bitchy," she
smiled.  My asshole stretched to the limit, and then I felt relief as
the narrow end of the plug popped in.  She patted my ass.  "There,
there, that wasn't so bad, was it whiner?"  She didn't wait for the
response, but twisted a knob, sending the butt plug a vibrating.
Ignoring me, she bent down and rummaged through the pile of clothes.  Up
came her sheer panties, untied at one side, still glistening with her
juices.  Grinning, she placed them around my hips and knotted them
tightly, trapping my hard and dripping cock.  Made me step into my
pants, pulled them up, efficiently buckled them.  Put my underwear into
her bag, smoothed her skirt, fixed her make-up and said, "Put your shoes
on and return to your seat- we're landing soon."  The look of confusion
on my face was too much for her- "Oh, I'm not done with you yet."  She
opened the door.  "And no playing with your little dick, either- it's
mine now."

Flight Instruction


To be continued ....




Flight Instruction

This story contains violent or sexually explicit material and should be read by 
adults only. 


Part II

I returned to my seat as if in a dream, cock forced downwards by her
panties and ass aflutter because of the intense vibrations coming from
the buttplug.  I couldn't believe what just happened-or happening.  I
had gone from taking a routine flight to being molested in the bathroom
of an airplane, forced to eat this stranger's pussy, wear her panties
and suffer the pleasurable discomfort of a plastic vibrating intrusion
in my ass.  I sat down, pressing the plug deeper into my ass.   Junko
made the rounds through the cabin, ensuring that all seats and tables
were in the upright position.  And buckled my seatbelt again, too
tightly of course.
We landed a few minutes later and my mind turned to the more mundane
aspects of travel, like dealing with suitcases and immigration.  Junko
had disappeared, leaving me wondering even more about what had happened
on the plane- I just wanted to get to my hotel, remove the buttplug and
jerk off.  I found myself in the customs line, still walking a little
bowlegged from the buttplug and with my cock still tenting up in my
pants.  I kept my erection covered with my carry-on bad and wheeled my
suitcase behind me.  I was next in line.  "Please step forward."  She
looked at me hard through her steel-rimmed glasses as I stood in front
of her counter.  "Anything to declare?"  Oh shit, the magazines what the
hell am I gonna do?  "N-n-no, nothing", I said a little too slowly.
"Bags on the counter."  I held the carry-on still, not wanting to
display myself.  "All bags", came the quiet command.  My carry-on
followed and I could swear she was staring right at my crotch.  I
started sweating a little, but looked away, trying to remain calm.  Her
delicate but obviously strong hands started going through the suitcase,
searching thoroughly.  Then she opened the carry-on and I knew I was
fucked.  Out came the paper bag containing the magazines and then out
came the mags themselves.  Her efficient hands stopped.  She looked
right at me.  I tried to look away, but her eyes commanded my
attention.  She started to flip through uncensored pictures of women
spanking men, men trussed up in tight leather with hoods, girls peeing
on men's faces, dominas with tight smiles buggering men with strap-ons,
pausing at the more heinous offenses to her moral code.  I was
mortified.  Never in my life had I felt so small or wanted to flee so
badly.  The vibrator in my ass started to feel like a jackhammer.  The
customs officer finished flipping through the magazines, I started to
try to explain, "I didn't" "Quiet", she cut me off, "You are in
possession of numerous pornographic materials that violate my country's
censorship laws."  Her voice was quiet, melodic, and completely in
control.  "Follow me."  With that she flipped down a barrier behind me
and stepped out of her booth, nodding at two customs officers who were
standing about thirty yards away.  Not knowing what to do exactly, I
picked up my bags and followed her down a narrow hallway, with the two
additional officers trailing behind.  She opened a door to a small room
and motioned me in; the two escorts turned to go back to their
stations.  I walked in, put my bags down and waited while she locked the
door and marched to the other side of the room, seating herself behind a
desk.  She motioned to the chair in front of her.  I sat down with a
sharp inhale as the buttplug jammed deep into my ass.  What a mess.  I
looked around the interrogation room- the long desk, two chairs, a waist
high padded table, and a small porcelain sink in the corner.
"It is not often that we deal with foreign pornographers- our country
has many forms of this�Earbage, but their product is of a censored
variety".  Her English was clipped, precise, slightly inflected.  "I am
not a pornographer"  A hand movement silenced my explanation.  "You
have imported at least ten examples of items that violate very strict
laws of my country.  This is a serious offense."  I stayed quiet.
"Passport, please."  I handed her my passport.  She flipped through the
country stamps and simply said, "Good, Mr. Baum.  Now let us see what
other items you have in your possession.  Stand up and strip."  The
whole situation was going to go from bad to worse.  There was no way to
explain away the women's panties or the vibrating buttplug.  I sat there
weighing the consequences.  "There are two ways we do this- you
cooperate or I get those two officers in here to help you cooperate".
The moment of truth- strip in front of this woman alone or in the
presence of two more uniformed, armed guards.  Christ.  I stood.  I
first slid my shoes off and put them on the desk where she motioned them
to be placed.  I then took my jacket and shirt off and put them down to
be examined by my captor.  And I froze.  She looked sharply at me,
removed her visored cap and her glasses and shook her long hair down.  I
then realized how gorgeous she was and how her beauty made this moment
even more poignant and horrifying.  She smiled a thin smile.  A cruel
smile.  An expression of absolute control, not humor.  "I will ask you
once more and then the pleasantries will cease.  My colleagues are not
possessed of the same, how do you say tolerance, as I am.  Your pants."
I unbuckled my trousers and slid them slowly down, dying inside as I
revealed the sheer panties.  Silence reigned.  She stared at me, "Well,
well.  I must say that I am surprised."  I turned red.  "Nice
underwear or are those women's panties?"  I couldn't look up for I knew
it was going to get worse before it got better.  My erection stood even
taller, despite or maybe because of my humiliation.  "What is that
sound?"  My pants had been dampening the vibrations of the buttplug,
which was now buzzing freely, seeming to fill the quiet room with
noise.  There was nothing in this world that I could say to ease my
mortification or lessen my sense of guilt.  "Hmmm? What is that sound?"
Silence, working through any explanation that would seem plausible.
"Well, I have no more patience for you.  I will get the others." She
stood up. "No, please", I begged, "I can explain".  "Really?"  "I met a
woman on the plane and she forced me to do things and then put this
machine in my bottom"  How much more lame an answer could I come up
with?  "Machine?  Really- let me see."  She stepped out from behind the
desk and pushed me over the padded table.  "Hands on the table", she
commanded.  Quickly and efficiently did I find my hands attached to the
other end of the table with leather cuffs that she obviously had ready.
My upper body was stretched across this padded table in sheer white
panties, hard cock pressing against the vinyl padding, buttplug
vibrating away, trembling, wondering what the hell was going to happen
next.  I didn't have to wait long.  The customs officer took a knife and
cut through the knots on the panties, dropping them to the floor.  And
started to laugh.  "Oh my- look at 'the machine' in your butt.  Are you
gay?  Is that why you have a buttplug in your ass and you're wearing
panties like a little girl?"  Pushed to my limits I started to tear up,
quiet.  "Are you going to cry little girl?"  My chest started to heave
with sobs- the tension was too much for me.  "Be quiet- your tears are
annoying me."  For the life of me I couldn't stop- I was so worked
up-aroused, scared, humiliated, excited, terrified-the contrasting
emotions just broke a dam within me.  "If you're not going to be quiet,
I will shut you up."  With that my tormentor took the panties, a little
sticky from my precum and stiff with Junko's juices and held them in
front of my face, dangling them.  "Open wide."  I couldn't.  Not like
this.  She held my nose and since I was still weeping a little my mouth
flew open, gasping for air.  But instead of air I got a mouthful of
panties.  She pushed them in deep, filling my throat.  "Don't spit them
out or you will be sorry."  I knew my place, sobbing through the sheer
fragrant material.  Behind me I could hear her slide her shoes off and
then her nylons.  She wrapped her nylons around my mouth and tied them
into place.  "There.  That will keep you quiet".  She stepped in close
and I could feel the brass buttons of her uniform pressing against my
bare skin.  She started stroking my hair and whispered, "Now you will
please me.  Or I will throw you in jail to be fucked in the ass by a
gang of African drug smugglers until they deport you."  I could only
jerk against my bonds, realizing the precariousness of my situation.
"You will do everything I ask, no hesitations, won't you?"  I nodded, my
eyes filled with tears.  "Good.  Now let me see this 'machine'".  With
no further warning, she yanked the buttplug out of my ass.  I felt this
gaping hole and cool air rush around the void.  I could hear her turn,
drop the plug into a trash can and then open a drawer.  She moved around
for a bit and I couldn't make out what she was doing.  The next sound I
heard was the snap of a rubber glove.  "Well, well, I just want you to
relax."  She stood next to the table in front of me, my eyes wide with
uncertainty.  Her uniform jacket was now off and she was standing in her
heels, no skirt, only black plastic looking panties.  Her blouse was
tied at her waist, unbuttoned to reveal her cleavage, nipples taut
through the material.  One hand was covered by a long examination
glove.  Her other hand was squeezing lube from a tube all over the
glove.  "You might be carrying other�Eontraband."   She moved behind me
and quickly slid a finger in.  My ass took it easily- the stretching it
suffered from the buttplug served me well.  Another finger followed.
And a third.  I whimpered.  "Don't tell me that's too much for a big
girl like you," she cooed.  She rotated her wrist around, coating the
inside of my rectum with the lube, stretching out my sphincter.  Her
hand started to move back and forth and the waves of pleasure began.
"You like it, don't you?"  No response from me.  A quick deep stab into
my ass, "Don't you?"  I nodded.  "I knew you would.  'Cause my friend
told me about you."  With that the door swung open and there was no
doubt as to who it was.


To be continued ....




Flight Instruction

This story contains violent or sexually explicit material and should be read by 
adults only. 

Part III

Junko stepped into the room and rebolted the door.  "How is my
disgusting little pervert doing, Mayumi?"  "His ass is one hot little
fuckhole."  "Oh yes it is."  And then they switched to Japanese- I knew
that the customs officer was relating the tale of my humiliation and
that Junko was laughing along as she told Mayumi of her encounter with
me on the plane.  They finished laughing and started to prod me and slap
at my ass and pull on my still unsatisfied dick.  A few words, some
giggling.  Mayumi's fingers still fucking my ass.  With a plop they came
out.  "Ewww, he is a dirty little boy", came Junko's disgust.  "Well, we
can clean out his ugly little white ass."  With that, they loosened the
cuffs holding my wrists.  I stood up, naked and ashamed.  Junko turned
me around and forced me onto my back on the table.  "Arms above your
head".  Once more the cuffs went on.  She forced a pillow under my neck
so I could see Mayumi attaching leg supports with stirrups to the base
of the table.  She then took my legs, and strapped them into the
stirrups and started to crank a handle underneath the table.  My legs
stretched wide, exposing my ass to their whims.  Junko stripped down to
her garters and stockings while Mayumi busied herself in the corner by
the sink.  My stewardess domina was beautiful and she knew it.  She
massaged her breasts and then naughtily slid a finger along her slit and
rubbed it under my nose- "Did you miss me".  My cock hardened in
response to her scent.  "Oh no, we won't be having any of that".  She
slapped my dick.  Once, twice, three times.  The angry purple head just
stood higher.  "Oh, it is so cute".  With that she bent down and took me
quickly into her mouth, squeezing tightly at the base to keep me from
blasting my cum into her.  "Just a taste of your little dick", she said
as she stood up and smiled at me.  I could have fainted from desire.
Then I noticed that Mayumi stood at the base of the table, a long tube
in hand and an enema bag hanging from a rack next to her.   She lubed up
the probe and stuck it into my ass, thrusting it deeply.  My cock jumped
and Junko said something in Japanese that made Mayumi laugh.  I could
feel the tube sliding all the way along my rectum up into my colon.
Mayumi then stopped, raised an eyebrow at me and started to inflate the
probe.  It got bigger and bigger, filling my ass like it had never been
filled, my two gorgeous tormentors watching my panicked expression.
Finally the pumping stopped and my relief was clear.  Junko smiled at my
response and then opened the valve beneath the enema bag.
The water was hot and it flowed quickly into my ass.  I started to shout
but my captors just laughed.  The water kept flowing and I started to
feel cramps in my stomach.  At that point Junko hopped up on the table,
straddling my face.  She undid the stockings and took out the panties.
"If you're going to scream, scream into this".  With that she lowered
herself onto my face and just started grinding.  "Get me off hard and
fast, my sweet little tongue machine".  I guess the one good thing about
suffocating beneath Junko was it made me forget the distention in my
ass.  She just kept fucking my face and squealing in orgasm, covering my
mouth and cheeks with her juices.  And then she paused, lifting herself
off my face and got off the table.  My ass was full.  Very full.  Mayumi
jiggled the probe around, "How does that feel, hmmm?"  Junko took over
the jiggling and the laughing at me while Mayumi picked up a very large
bedpan and placed it beneath my ass.  "Do you want to take a poo-poo,
little bitch?" asked Mayumi.  I murmured yes, to which Junko said,
"What?  We can't hear you."  I repeated yes, my urgency increased by the
tremendous pressure in my bowels.  "What do you want?  Say it", came the
melodious voice of Mayumi.  "I want to poo-poo", I said through clenched
teeth.  "Oh, isn't that cute-can't you hold it?"  Junko was certainly
cruel.  They jiggled the probe a while longer, chatting in Japanese and
slapping at my prick.  Finally they turned and Mayumi asked, "What would
you do to poo-poo right now?"  "Anything, anything you say", I begged.
"Oh we know that, but what will do for us."  "Whatever you tell me to
do.  Please".  Mayumi said, "Well, he sounds sincere. Shall we?"  Junko
nodded.  Mayumi released the valve and removed the deflating probe.  The
water rushed out of me, splashing into the pan.   "Eww, gross", came the
comment from Junko.  Though I had been constantly abused used and
humiliated for all this time, I still turned red with embarrassment at
being forced to perform such an intimate activity in front of these two
women.  "Keep going, enema boy", Mayumi said.  I kept pushing and Junko
just laughed at me.
They refilled the enema bag and administered two more consecutively
larger enemas before they were satisfied that I was clean.  With that
they gave me a small enema of some kind of oil which was cooling and
soothing at first.  And then it started itching.  Bad.  I began
squirming on the table, struggling to relieve the itch which could not
be scratched.  Junko and Mayumi couldn't contain their mirth, laughing
and pointing at me and cracking jokes about my condition in their native
tongue.  "Does it itch, my pet?"  asked Junko.  "Oh god, please make it
stop" I begged.  I looked down the table at Mayumi, who was adjusting a
harness around her waist.  She smiled.  "I have something to scratch
that itch if you would like."  "Oh please, anything."  "Okay, but you
have to decide".  She turned and out of the desk pulled three dildos,
one of about six inches, another eight and the third a solid ten inch
monster that was much wider than the others.  "Which one?"  "The biggest
one.  Please."  My ass was on fire.  They smiled at each other.  "My,
my, aren't you a greedy little whore", queried Junko.  "Yes, and to
think that earlier today she was an innocent virgin", laughed Mayumi.
Junko's face turned serious, "She should beg for it".  I needed no
further prodding, all possibilities of dignity gone with the extreme
discomfort, "Please fuck my butt.  Please stick your huge cock into my
greedy whore ass.  I know I'm not worthy, but I need your hard dick."
Junko smiled and asked, "Well, my good friend gets to rape your little
white ass- what about me?"  "Whatever you want, anything" I was
practically crying.  "Well, since you are so cute, I want your tongue in
my ass while you get yours reamed".  I've never even considered licking
ass before, but I was ready with my tongue immediately, waving it in the
air.  Fortunately Junko needed no further invitation- she hopped back up
on the table and settled backwards towards my face.
She was straddling my face, her ass inches from my tongue, her tight
little brown hole winking at me.  "Please."  A word I was getting used
to saying.  The discomfort in my ass intensified.  From between her
thighs I could see Mayumi stroking her 10" plastic dick, coating it in
oil.  And then she stepped forward and placed the tip of her cock right
at my ass.  The itching was reaching epic proportions-never have I felt
such discomfort.  Junko's ass still waved in front of me; I could see
her mons glistening with wetness and her finger was sliding along the
lips.  I was mesmerized by the red fingernail's motion.  I could her
breathing get heavier.  Mayumi's cockhead pressed against my ass.  I
tried to thrust downwards, but my bonds kept me in place.  She pushed
slowly, accentuating my agony.  And then, with a quick push of the hips,
Mayumi buried her dick all the way into my ass.  Fireworks exploded,
stars floated through my vision, my body suddenly limp.  "Now lick my
ass well, bitch."  Junko lowered herself entirely onto my face as Mayumi
started to thrust slowly in and out of my ass.  Junko's dank hole
settled right onto my tongue and I tried my best to spear it.  The
slight duskiness of her ass filled my nostrils as I rimmed her.
"Deeper."  Her cheeks pressing hard against mine, trapping my mouth and
nose in her most intimate of places.  I knew what was next if I did not
perform up to her expectations.  My breath was cut off, my fate in her
hands.
Mayumi picked up the pace of her thrusting.  In and out.  In and out.
And then she started long dicking me- pulling her plastic phallus to the
edge of my hole and then slamming it all the way in with one violent
motion.  The itching was completely gone, replaced by a warmth and a
desire for more.  My tongue was pushing up against Junko's sphincter,
which I am sure she tightening up just to make it more difficult for
me.  But in my desperation for breath I persevered and finally speared
my tongue into her ass.  She relented, allowing me a moment's breath and
then settled back on my face, cutting off oxygen once again.  Mayumi had
found her pace- one long hard thrust, followed by three slow in and outs
and then two quick jabs.  I could hear her growing excitement as the
thrusts pushed the dildo against her clit.  Junko was now masturbating
with one hand and pinching Mayumi's nipples with the other.  Mayumi had
her hands all over Junko's body- massaging her breasts, diddling her
clit, slapping at her nipples.  My world was one of ass: Junko
alternately cutting off oxygen with her weight and allowing me brief
respites as long as I pleased her, Mayumi jamming my butt deeply with
her cock.  Both women were starting to cum.  Junko leaned forward to
kiss Mayumi, whose thrusting was intensifying as she sought her peak.  I
could hear their moans and they made my dick harden to the point of
bursting.  I knew that if either woman even brushed against my dick I
would blow an epic load.  But they didn't have any interest in me.
Junko started to bounce a little on my face, using my tongue like a
little dildo in her ass while she played with herself.  Mayumi was now
gripping me around the thighs to increase her leverage on my ass.  They
were both breathing hard, grunting with the effort.  It was all a blur
to me.  I was their fucktoy, there to serve no other purpose than to
please them.  Junko and Mayumi peaked at the same time, their cries of
ecstasy commingling in the air.  Their motions slowed as they wound
down, still panting and sighing with pleasure.  Junko lifted her ass
from my face and got off the table to kiss Mayumi deeply.  Mayumi slowly
pulled her cock out of my ass with a final pop.  I moaned with
disappointment, my purple cockhead dripping its desire.  She then
removed the harness and smiled at her partner in crime.  "He is not a
half bad piece of ass-should we keep him?"  Junko returned the smile and
looked over at me.  "Maybe so..."

To be continued ....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wanli Chen(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





