BDSM Library - Lisa Got More Than She Asked For




Lisa Got More Than She Asked For
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 2 young teenagers make 28 year old Lisa into their plaything.
I too got more than I asked for


This summer, my mother called me 2 days before I went on holidays. I had planned
to stay at my parent's house, while they left for holidays to Greece.

She informed me, that the roof got damaged in a storm and there would be workers
around, and she wanted me to look after them, so that they would work properly.
" Be strict with them, Lisa, and show them that you are in charge. "

Oh yeah, that will be a fine holiday I thought to myself, knowing that I had
problems in being strict and telling others what they have to do.

When I arrived, my parents were already gone, but I felt relieved, knowing that
my parents would tell me for the xxx time, that at the age of 28 I should be
able to "stand my woman". And like always they would ignore me telling them I
was a successful business worker. But they left me a note, describing, what had
to be repaired.

The workmen would arrive next afternoon and so I had time to relax a little. I
opened a bottle of wine to celebrate the evening of my first free day, as many
were to come. Later I watched a good movie, and by the end of it the second
bottle was nearly empty. I stripped, because that felt more comfortable and soon
I fell asleep.

Next morning I felt quite disoriented, and when I was under the shower, I heard
someone ring at the door. Without a lot of thinking I went to open and I
realized it, that I stood wet dripping in front of the workmen, only wrapped in
a towel.

There were four of them, two somewhere in their 40ies and two teenagers, barely
16. And they all had wide grins on their faces. As I wanted to excuse me for a
moment, the first one entered explaining: "We're already here cos our boobs, ahh
boss is leaving (the others giggled at this joke and I blushed deep red) and
before that we must call him to tell what we have to do here and how much time
it will take. So could you show us, cause we're in a hurry?"

So I had to let them in and walk ahead feeling their stares on my barely clad
body. After I led them around for what seemed an eternity (with them looking
more at me than at the house) Chad, one of the older ones informed me that the
two youngsters were the boss` sons. At the age of 13 and 14, their father wanted
them to see a bit of an adult life, and they are here for work. I blushed even
more now, knowing how young those smiling brats were and left for some clothes,
as they called their boss.

"A very good start" I thought when I was downstairs. So much for respect.

A bit later I went shopping and crossed the 2 boys in the hallway. They
whispered and giggled to which I felt shame building up inside of me. In the car
I could not focus on anything else, and it somehow aroused me. Although none of
them attracted me, the older ones were a bit fat and they didn't seem very
sober, and the boys seemed the same, only younger, much younger!  The thought of
being seen by them not wearing more than a towel and being humiliated by them
built a strange feeling inside me.

At home I made a plan to be strict, really strict and to use my female weapons
to be in charge. I would show them a little (accidentally) and make them feel,
they cannot reach, and so they would feel inferior to me.

When I went upstairs with beer and coke I wore gym shoes, a short skirt and a
tight  t-shirt with no bra, what as clearly visible. They immediately stopped
working and gathered around me. Steve, the second of the older ones lit a
cigarette. This was my moment: "Hey, don't smoke in here, mister. And never do
this again. And I am here to make clear, that you work properly, for as long as
you are here, I am the boss, understood?"

Then there was a moment of silence, which made me nervous, because Steve looked
me up and down and then really stern in the eyes. "So our little show- what- I-
have- girl is trying to put us down a peg or two. I think we can do that better"
he said very soft, making me gulp. He than told, to one of the boys to show me,
what he had found in the hallway. The boy put my bra and panties out of his
pocket. They were the ones, I stripped yesterday, when I was drunk. I must have
forgotten about them lying around and now that little nerd let them run through
his fingers. Oh my god, this was so embarrassing and I could not say a word. But
again I felt getting aroused, as he treated me like a little girl, "so if you
don't do as I say I let Carl here spank your bare bottom." In disbelief I looked
at the 13-year-old grinning boy. "And, looking at your nipples you seem to enjoy
this. How would your parents find this if we told this to many other people in
town, that you like showing of to minors?" " You cannot..." "We will, if you
don't behave." They had me under their control. Beaten with my own weapons, and
they knew I became horny, when they humiliated me.

" So for as long as we are here you will be our helper girl and everyone here is
authorized to give you orders, you will obey them, won't you?

I managed to whisper: " Yesss." 

"And by the way you have to address us as Sirs."

"Yes Sir."

"Now get rid of that skirt, for you are going to work now, what's your first
name?"

" Lisa, Sir. " I said, as I wanted to leave and change into jeans. " Did I tell
you to change into something else Silly Lilly?" " I hesitated. " Do you need
help?" Sam the 14 year old asked. Blushing, and not wanting that brat to help
me, I slowly put my skirt down. I was really ashamed now, but my nipples
betrayed me and as they openly laughed, because of my childish panties, with a
Mickey mouse on it, and taunted me, that I now looked like an 8 year old, except
for my tits, I became wet. Why was I reacting that way I thought and why do I
let them treat me like that. I felt a mixture of pure shame and arousal.

Then they started to talk about my body, discussing my legs and tits and ass,
and the 2 young brats became more and more self-conscious towards me.

"We need to see if she is in a good shape," Sam suggested. "Yeah, give me 20
press-ups Lisa." was Carl's instruction for me. It was surreal, I had to follow
these young bastards instructions, only for their fun, and I was reacting with
arousal to it. But I did not want to give in, and so I told them, I would not go
along with any of their pervert games, and they should fuck off. " Well, then
soon your parents and their whole neighborhood will know, who is the real
pervert, you stuck up rich bitch." Chad told me. Thinking about my poor parents
I obeyed now. And Carl that bastard said to me that I was a good girl now.

They joked about my fat ass and as I was ready I stood up and told them in anger
that my ass is not fat. " I don't believe her," said Carl to Sam " Turn around,
panties to your knees and prove it" he almost yelled at me. "Please don't make
me do that, Sir." I begged that little boy, looking to the 2 older ones for a
second, who just smiled, watching an adult woman being the plaything for those
boys.

They had no mercy and a minute later I stood there with my panties on knee
level, showing them my bum. "Hard to say" Sam mocked. I heard them whisper and
then Sam announced, "There is only one way to prove. They walked up behind me
and started to feel the object of their interest. I shrieked and protested, but
my words fell on deaf ears. They made my cheeks wobble and kneaded them, and
then told me to shake my bum myself, as the last proof. For the next 3 minutes
made a silly looking "dance", panties down to which they laughed and finally
told me I was right, my ass is not fat. At that time a tear came down my cheek,
but I was glad that no one said a word as I put my panties up again.

Next I was told to run on the spot and they were delighted to see my breasts
jump in all directions, reminding me of my lack of a bra.

After 15 minutes I was sweating. Chad said: So if you are already sweating,
before we start to work, you are still overdressed. Take of your t-shirt and
hand it to Carl together with your skirt. "But I don't wear a bra. You will see
my breasts." " Now that is not my fault", Chad replied. Now go on with it. With
a last "Pleease!" I took of my t-shirt and handed it together with my skirt, to
the young boy, whose eyes were wide open now. I tried to cover my bare breasts
as best as I could. In the last hour I was humiliated in ways I couldn't even
imagine before, and now a 13-year-old boy was in charge over my clothes. They
had really control now over me and now all I had on was my childish panties and
my gym shoes.

And now I saw, what I had not realized before: Chad had a camera in his hands.
Recognizing my fearful look, he explained: "Just to keep you motivated. Normally
we use this camera to take pictures of what we have to repair, so no one can sue
us. By the way, some of the pictures show you and the boys, and it seems you
enjoy entertaining them. I think you don't want these pictures to be shown
around."

Right at that moment, I heard the front door open. My parents! I felt relief and
saw the 2 boys getting panicked, Chad took the clothes, but before he handed
them to me, he said: "Remember the photos!"

When my parents entered, I was fully dressed again. Inside I thanked them for
not believing, that I could handle the workmen. (Oh, if they knew, how right
they were!)

My mother told us, that they had decided, not to leave, because the travel
agency at the airport informed them, that they could have their money back.

And, is everything all right here? "Did she make the points clear, you have to
work hard, or you will get into trouble!" Steve answered: " Oh yes she did, in
fact, she really made us sweat."

I went downstairs with my parents and then left as soon as I could, not wanting
those assholes to have a chance and "play" with me again. My parents were a bit
confused, but did not say a word. Actually I lived in the same town and I would
not be far away.

At home the whole day went through my mind again, and I was glad that this was
over. But that night, when I was in bed, my memories became rather arousing,
especially when I thought about the 2 boys. And I began to masturbate and
imagined, what they would have done to me, if they had more time.

The following weekend my mother invited me to a little party. I had no other
plans, so I said I would come. When I arrived, my mother was angry, because the
other guests had already arrived. She led me into the garden and there were my
dad and a couple in their 40ies.

As I sat down, they introduced themselves as the Peters. My father said that he
was the boss of the workmen, who were here last week, and as Mr. Peters came
around to talk to him, they liked each other right from the start. They even
shared the same hobby: fishing

So after work was done, he invited the Peters for a barbecue.

Mrs. Peters then continued: "And our boys, Carl and Sam, said how much fun they
had with you, when you were here." At that I felt a rush of embarrassment. "So
we asked your parents to invite you, too." I think they are inside, and I am
sure they are happy to see you again.

A few minutes later, they talked about gardening, and I was thinking about how I
could avoid seeing those 2 little nerds, when my mother suddenly whispered to
me: "Please go inside, and play a little with those nice kids. They were so
polite last week and they worked really hard. In fact they saved us a lot of
money. I think they really like you, and it would not be polite, if you ignored
them.

With trembling feet, I made my way inside to look for them. I really did not
want, but my mother gave me no choice, not knowing what really had happened last
week, but that was the last thing I wanted her to know.

I heard them upstairs, followed their voices I found them in my old room.

"How dare you!" I spit at them. First they seemed scared but then Sam said, "Ah,
it's only Lisa. Hey, do you want to see some photos? And they handed me some
copies of the photos, that showed me behaving myself, as they called it. And
really on some of these pictures I seemed to have fun, and clearly visible on
those each of them one or both of those teenagers.

"We took those from Chad and his mate, the two who were working here with us,
and they gave them to us willingly, because they did not want to loose their
jobs. They knew, that we have so much influence on our parents. We wanted them,
because they told us that if anyone saw them, you would go to jail. And we do
not want that to happen. After a short time of silence, I was speechless, Carl
continued. "And what about you, Lisa Do you want that to happen? Or will you be
a good girl for us, Lisa?"

"Oh no, please not to jail, please don't do that to me. Don't be so mean to me."

"So will you be a good little girl from now on?"

"Yes I will." I whispered. "Say it properly" this was Sam. "I will be a really
good girl," I added to my shame and the 2 burst out into laughter. Then I had to
go downstairs and tell their and my parents that we were playing upstairs and
they should shout if they needed something.

  On my way back upstairs I thought, that now they had plenty of time to play
with me and whatever they wanted. I was not much older to them now, I was not
the adult, I was their little girl and plaything. When I was back up, they
handed me one of my old summer dresses, from when I was about 15 told me to take
it on and put my hair in a ponytail. I went into the bathroom, and when I was
finished and saw myself in the mirror, my reflection was to ridiculous. When I
returned, they giggled and Carl managed to say: "My god, you look so stupid!"
and they laughed at me, as I stood with a red face in front of them not knowing
what to do. Than they told me I was to be barefoot, and this made me feel rather
nude. Their commands, which did not allow me to say no and their way to degrade
me made me secretly crave for more and I was becoming wet, although I absolutely
did not want to.

"Last week you ran away without saying goodbye, is that how a good girl
behaves?" "No", I said, "I am sorry", because I thought it would be wise to play
the game. It felt really strange, when they called me a little girl, and
humiliating. "To late, silly girl, we have decided, that you need a good
spanking:" said a grinning Carl "now take of your panties and hand me them."

"Please, I will..." "Yes you will, first we thought each of us would spank you
for 5 minutes, now it's 10 minutes. Knowing that any more complaining would only
make it worse, I slowly took of my panties and gave it to Sam, who looked at it,
as if it was a treasure. They felt it and even sniffed at it, which made me
blush again, and there was nothing I could do to stop them. "That's how girls
smell." said Carl. "I'll keep it." he informed me. "Now turn around and lift
your cute little dress. It seemed to me as if I had to lift 1000pounds but
finally it was high above my waist and I felt their stares on my exposed
backside. They let me wait like that for what seemed an eternity, until Carl
supposed I should ask for my spanking. How could he be so cruel?

"Please, will you spank my bum." I finally had to say and they threw a coin to
see who had his turn first, while I had to wait, holding my foolish dress high
in the air, to which they laughed before they finally threw it.

A triumphant "Yeah!" from Carl informed me, he was the lucky winner, and I was
his 28-year-old semi-nude price. He came up to me and first he began to pat my
bum with tenderness. I moaned with surprise, and because I had to let this
happen which made them laugh, and one second later I felt the first smack
followed by a loud sound. For the next 5 minutes, he reigned smacks on my bum
cheeks and it really hurt, when he stopped. But the humiliating sounds of the
smacks were even worse, who reminded, me, by whom I let myself treat like that.
And they found it really amusing. "Look how red I've made her bum2 Carl said
proudly. "She's all yours now, Sam. "Please", I begged, no more, "It really
hurts." "You need a break?" Sam asked. I nodded quickly. "O.k. If you take of
your robe and stand in the corner with your hands on your head. If you hesitate,
I won't give you the break.

Only thinking for a second, by bum was on fire, I quickly put the dress over my
head and hasted into the corner, where I put my hands on my head. When I was
finished, I realized, this was the most humiliating situation, worse than
everything before, and now, all that covered me was my bra.

The boys found my efforts to be quick very amusing, and they asked me if I felt
like a little girl now, and they were not satisfied, until I said: "Yes, I feel
like a girl, and I will do whatever you say." I felt so humiliated now but it
was turning me on, and somehow I knew I wanted this, having them treat me like
that.

Sam now offered me, that he would not spank me (today), if I turned around. I
thought about it, and realized, that I wanted to, I wanted them to command me
and do all the tricks they told me, I wanted to be the joke for those little
nerds. I wanted to be cheap for them, but I did not want them to know. Was I
thinking this, because I was so aroused? And on the other hand I did not want it
at all

I slowly, turned around, after Sam reminded me, it would soon be spanking time,
my hands covering my private parts. "I won't let you get out of it by showing us
your hands. Take of your bra with them." His voice was so stern now. He really
mastered me now and I did what he demanded and then handed them my bra, while
they started to chew on some chewing gums. I was totally naked now, standing in
front of them and they had made themselves comfortable on my old bed. I had to
turn around until I faced them again. "Spread your legs!" I was told. "But..."
"But leads to spanking" was Sam's harsh response and they were only satisfied,
when my feet were obscenely spread. They were now really aroused, realizing now,
that they could do everything with me, which was every boys fantasy, having a
woman to torment.

Now I heard in shock, that they wanted me to open myself so they could see
inside me. I did as they wanted and they kneeled in front of me to get a closer
look. I was close to coming, while they took their time to stare at every inch
of my wide opened privates. I even felt their breath down there. "Now that's a
view" an overwhelmed Carl whispered I had to watch them watching me, and felt
most uncomfortable, seeing their victory expressing faces. "It's really nice
down here, Lisa. And you enjoy it, I see." Oh my god, I thought, was it so
obvious to those brats. "You don't mind if we explore a bit ourselves." Sam not
asked, but taunted. I looked down, and watched in horror, as one of Carl's  and
one of Sam's, the young teenagers hands came closer and closer to my pussy, and
I almost came at the spot, as shaking fingers began touching me. Just at that
moment, we heard footsteps on the stairs, and I had to take on the stupid dress,
before my mother entered. She told we should come down for a chat, and seeing me
in that dress, I quickly mumbled something about an accident and we followed her
downstairs. Just before I was outside, Sam grabbed my hand, turned me around,
and before I could react, they had forced their chewing gums into my mouth. As I
winced silently, they told me I should keep them in my mouth for the rest of the
evening.

When we walked down the stairs, Sam lifted my dress for the last time, I was
still nude underneath,  and gave my bum one last smack. My mother turned around,
just after the dress was down again, and I said: "Mosquito."

Outside I had to be careful , because the dress was quite short. And it was
humiliating to reexplain my changing into that childish dress. The boys
pretended to play something with aliens and quickly disappeared under the table.
Involved in a discussion about politics I suddenly felt hands on my legs
wandering up into the direction of my sex.

First I tried to kick them of but as started continued to pinch me, and it
became difficult to keep my voice low I let them have their way, because they
would surely make me pay if I said something.

Soon they were there, where they had stopped upstairs. And they felt me up in
very accurate way, then pinched me tickled me and I had to keep me legs spread
for them. Through the table-cloth I saw a light and realized, that they had a
flashlight with them, when they spread my pussy lips again. And I had to endure
this, getting hot again, talking to their parents, with the boys chewing gums in
my mouth. Then, I shrieked, when I recognized, that they inserted something cold
inside of me, and it was moving. I didn't dare moving and explained, that I had
thought I had seen a thief, but it had been only a shadow. My Mum asked me to
get some drinks. I quickly pulled down the dress and followed her. Inside I
excused myself and went to the toilet. Their latest torment was a snail that
they had put inside me. There was a knock on the door. I answered. It was Sam.
He told me to keep it inside and they would check it later.

I and no choice and so I put it back shivering at the touch. When I came back to
the kitchen, Mum said, we have moved now to the living room, as the Peters would
leave soon.

Finally, I thought. And here they could not do tricks with me. Before I entered
the living room, I disappeared into the toilet one more time and put out the
snail, because it had really driven me crazy with its movements inside me.

But in the living room Carl asked me to come outside with them, but it was not
really a question. In the backyard, unseen from the house, they checked if my
little friend was still there. He was not and therefore I had to be punished. I
pleaded them not to be so mean, as I head been a really good girl for them. When
they told me to strip right now I was down to tears. Although it was already
dark, I told them someone could see me. But half a minute later I was nude and
down on all fours. "Today I saw a kennel behind that summer-house. Let's get
over there." said Sam. When we arrived, me on all fours, he spit at me: In you
go, and there you will think about doing as we say!" And then he reigned smacks
on my bun until he couldn't reach it any more, because I was inside the kennel.
"Stick your bum out, Lisa. Ha! Ha! This looks really stupid, that naked ass, and
then something familiar was put inside me. "Keep it this time?" I was asked back
inside "Say it properly"  "Yes, Sir. It is inside Sir." They laughed. " You are
a sensation, Lisa! We will fetch you then for a goodbye". I heard Carl say:
"This is so cool! A grown up woman. And a dog! They left for the house,
laughing. It seemed an eternity, until they came back. I heard the conversation
inside, but I was to stay out here in the kennel, because those 2 teenagers
wanted me to, naked.

First they  looked for the snail (which had made me orgasm 2 times but I had not
dared taking it out) then patted me on the head, before they let me get up. "Had
a nice time?" Carl mocked.

"Ask us for the dress." Sam insisted. "Please, may I have my dress back?" I
asked careful to sound as submissive as possible. They giggled, when they gave
it back to me.

Back in the house, the Peters were just about to leave, and Mrs. Peters asked me
at the door: "Before I forget, next week, me and my husband are away for
Wednesday night. Could you perhaps be their babysitter? They said you offered
it, but when they did, you were gone, some ten minutes ago, so I could not ask
you myself. So is it o.k. for you?" Some ten minutes ago I was still naked in
the backyard, in a kennel, because of those brats, lady, of course not, I
thought. Looking at Sam and Carl, I said: "Of course. That would be fine with
me...




From that moment, I tried to figure a way to get out of this horrible 
situation I found myself in, but there was nothing I could do. I did not dare to wait, to see if they really would make those photos public.

So, time went on much too fast, and soon it was Wednesday.  I called 
the Peters, hoping that their parents had changed their plans and stayed at home, but they did not. I was to be there at 6 pm. When I got dressed, it came to me that probably I would not wear those clothes for long.

Driving to their place was cruel to me, because it was the last place 
on earth where I wanted to go. They had a beautiful house, with a big backyard and a large swimming pool. My head was spinning as I rang the bell. I heard footsteps and suddenly feared that one of the boys would open, but it was their dad. "Glad you made it. We would have been in 
trouble if you had let us down." (Oh, if only I could.) I realized they were already in a hurry when Mrs. Peters joined us, the two smiling brats following her. "Hi Lisa, it's really nice of you to help us out." I managed to say: "Oh, that is absolutely no problem. When will you be back?" "Well, I think, we will be back at 11 in the morning." That will be 17 hours, I realized to my horror! "O.k., we have to leave now. Sam and Carl, you will not cause any troubles." "Yes, of course, Mum", Sam replied.  They really believe their children are as nice as they pretend to be, I thought. Mr. Peters then opened the door and said, "You can use the guest room 
upstairs; the boys will show you. And feel free to eat and drink what you want. There's plenty in the kitchen." And off they went.

I looked at the closed door for some time and then turned towards the boys, who already had cruel grins on their faces.

"Hi, Lisa," Carl greeted me. "How do you feel?" "Vulnerable", I answered honestly.  "She's quite smart, our 'babysitter', or is it our little girl?" Sam asked me. Self-conscious I replied, "Uhm, your little girl", and back was the red color on my cheeks. "You got it, Lisa! Now come with us", Carl told me and I followed them upstairs into Carl's room. What I saw reminded me that they were far from being adults, toys lying around everywhere.

"Now, strip and get those clothes over to me." Perhaps they would listen this time. "Please, you've had your fun with me. I did everything you  wanted. You've even touched me, where boys at your age normally don't have the chance to touch a woman. Let me go now. I promise, I will never say a word." "Hey, this is too much fun and, as Carl said, you enjoy it too, to be humiliated. So, we're just doing you a favor. Now go on with it, or do you want to earn a spanking?" Sam mocked. Beaten by them one more time, I stripped for them, handed them my clothes, and covered myself with my hands. "You shouldn't make me angry!" the 13-year-old bastard Carl spit at me to make clear that I was not to cover myself. I took my hands away from 
my breasts and pussy. Our eyes met and he glared triumphantly at me, so I let my head sink and looked, embarrassed, to the floor but, once again, I was slowly becoming aroused, because they weren't even adults and equals,
but kids, who treated me like that.

To my horror, Sam put my clothes somewhere in his own room, as if he knew that separating me from my clothes made me feel even more at their mercy.

When he came back, I was standing, displayed, in the middle of their 
room, and Carl had already shown me the digital camera with which they wanted to take more photos of me.

"But, first, you need to be reminded of who is in charge and, as you want to be our little girl, as you say -- is that right?" "Yes I whispered", powerless, as was expected of me. Sam continued, "As you want to be our little girl, you are gonna get it over the knee from each of us!" It took some time for me to realize what they had ordered me to endure. And, I knew, I had absolutely no choice. "Not this!" I started to cry, but with an 
already wet pussy. "Stupid girl. She is still trying to argue with us, Carl." "Yeah,we should make it harder for her", suggested his even younger brother. Alarmed by now, and redfaced, I said submissively, "Please, I beg you to spank my bum, because I've been a bad girl and I never wanted to 
annoy you." All three of us were surprised at what I had just said, then they erupted into loud laughter, encouraged by my deep red face and my self-humiliated fidgeting from one leg to the other.

"So, who will be first?" Sam asked. "You, 'cos I wanna watch those tits bouncing and those legs kicking", Carl blurted out. I could imagine, in great detail, what a spectacle he was going to see. 

Well, as I placed myself over Sam's lap, who had a really hard on, my 
efforts to retain a little of my dignity were destroyed. I shrieked when I expected his first smack, but his hand only touched my bum. They laughed again, with me staring at the floor, not believing that this was really happening. The position they had me in, over that young boy's lap, made me really shiver. I could not believe that I let myself be put in this position, as I was the little girl in this room now. 

Then he started to torment me, and he was putting an effort into being cruel to me, as only boys their age do. After ten minutes of real pain, always reminded by Carl that my breasts were more than entertaining, my bum was nearly as red as my face.

Then, they changed places, and the next ten minutes were even worse, because, when my legs were briefly spread, Carl once hit me accidentally on my pussy and, because I screamed a little louder at that, this was his number one target from then on.

Finally, I found myself in the corner of the room with my hands on my head and, when I tried to rub my sore bum, Sam told me that, if I wanted to rub it, I had to face them (displaying my front), get on my knees, and spread my legs for them.

So, there I was. In the middle of a lot of Lego toys I knelt, spread 
legged, rubbing my bum.

"What about some playing?" Carl asked his brother. At first I was unsure about what was coming next, but soon I realized that they would play with their Lego spaceships and figures, involving me. (Oh,please! No!) Carl flew a spaceship over me after I had laid down on the floor, spreading my legs wide. "Commander Peters to Captain Kirk, the Space Monster is unconscious now, our laser weapons have beaten it, finally. I will further investigate." The 'spaceship' landed on my stomach and the 'pilot' inspected my breasts. "Captain, her primal weapon is empty, she cannot kill our people with her mammal poison." (I wanted to die at that, but I also was again close to orgasm, as they really had no mercy with me, and because they were so childish with their naked toy.)
 
Then the commander further investigated me, finally finding my pussy. "I have to go in there, Captain. This is the source of her power." "Yes, Commander, and in our minds all the brave men from Space Fed. will follow you." 

"It's wet in here", the Commander panicked when Carl inserted that little Lego figure in my pussy. I really was wet now, as I was humiliated beyond belief, with them grinning continually. My hands were not allowed to interrupt, because the giant sexy nude alien was seduced.

"Commander! Commander! Oh my god, we have to rescue him!" Soon, another spaceship landed on the playground, my body. They shot laser guns at me (which I felt, because they were pinching me cruelly) and then they tortured my pussy, so that I would give my captive free. Well, at least those two nerds were quite inventive.

They had a lot of fun at that and, afterwards, they paid me a compliment, saying that I was really worth playing with. I was not really glad for it, but their exploitation of my body brought me nearly over the edge.

"You enjoyed this", Sam smiled at me, showing me the very wet Lego Commander. "Get him clean." I had to take it in my mouth, tasting my own wetness and swallowing it, until they were satisfied.

After that, I was glad that I was allowed downstairs to make them something to eat, although I heard them laughing when they talked about me, as I went downstairs.

Naked, I had to stand in the corner, showing them my still very red bum, still feeling their hands everywhere, on and inside of me, while they ate.  I felt somehow like a slave, as they ate their dinner talking about, and not to, me. "She is really obedient now." "Yes, and the photos will be
great. Perhaps we will show some of our friends what we got here." I gasped at that. "Well, we'll think about that, Lisa." Sam was speaking now, "But, Carl, our fucking parents think we need babysitters to get along. I hate that. Look how we can handle that stupid Lisa."  At which they laughed, looking at my red bum, "What about making our babysitter, here, the one we need to look after." 

I froze in fear, as I knew more humiliation was awaiting me.

I was to wait in the living room for them, and there I prayed that I would have my clothes back so I could leave, but the boys had hidden them.

When they entered the room, Carl told me, "Now we are gonna be the sitters and you will be the baby. We found some things from when our Granny was still here, and from when we were still babies. This one will be real fun."

The first thing they introduced me to was a diaper, which told me I had to play their baby, because their parents annoyed them. I pleaded with them, but finally my arguments were defeated by my, now even redder, bum.

"Lie down, baby Lisa", Carl laughed. "We need to put this on you, so that you won't have an accident." I placed myself over the diaper and they fastened it, not before probing my pussy and then patting it, as if to tell me how obedient I was. "Good girl, but you are really wet, so the diaper is only good for you", Sam said in a voice, as if he was talking to a baby. I was so ashamed when I felt the material of the diaper on me.

While I wore it, they forced a pacifier into my mouth, on which I had to suck so that it was clearly heard. They laughed cruelly and were entertained as never before and, if I could, I would have died. "Our little babysitter is so strict with us," they taunted me. "I think she should sleep like that.", Carl spoke, and for a second I stopped sucking on that pacifier, which made them laugh. Then I was placed in front of a mirror and they forced me to stand there and look at the baby-me, as they called it, and I stood there, crying and sucking that pacifier. I looked so stupid, and Sam and Carl did not hesitate to comment.  

"Time for the baby to sleep." I was brought into Carl's room. There, all three of us laid down on his bed. It was already late, and I was to suck on that thing in my mouth until they slept, a really degrading sound but they touched me for along time and pinched me. It was hard not to scream, but they forbade me. Humiliated and aroused at the same time, I fell asleep.






Lisa got more than she asked for 3


I was woken up by a cruel pinch from both of my babysitters, that's what they
called themselves.

"Hey, we've got to find out more about them" Sam enthusiastically suggested.
First I thought, I was still dreaming, but soon, it hit me, that this was real.
The two boys, Sam and Carl were playing with me, as if I were not, what I was, a
28-year-old woman. They had made me fear meeting them, and I had to do whatever
they told me. I was to be their plaything and they were not really reserved at
that. Sam, and Carl liked me to feel myself humiliated and they loved their
power over me. I knew, that they found, what every boy wants, a woman, who does
whatever they want her to. I did not know any more. If it was for the blackmail,
why was I so reluctant. Was it, because I got hot several times, when they made
me do tricks for them. And I knew, they thought, it was turning me on.

These were my thoughts, when I was told to kneel on the bed, as they probed my
breasts, squeezing them, kneading them and then to my shame, milking them. "Do
you know the sound, cows make", Carl glared at me, when he said this, " we can't
hear our silly cow, so come on, try to make us happy!" Red faced I tried to
"Muuuuh" for them, from what they took a lot of pleasure. When they were
finished, my breasts were red all over. "Make us some breakfast, baby Lisa!" Sam
told me, slapping me on my diaper clad pussy. "It's still some time, until our
parents will come back."

In their kitchen I made a very fine breakfast, hoping, that if they liked it,
they wouldn't be so mean to me. I only wondered, why I had to warm up so much
milk. From time to time, it came up to me, that I was cooking there, nude,
because I had no choice, and I was to be nude until those two brats would give
me something to cover. I still felt their rather small hands on my body,
reminding me of my helpless state.

I had to focus on something else, because I was getting horny again, what did
they have in charge for me next. Carl interrupted my thoughts, when he entered
the kitchen, saying: "Hey naked butt, did you make us something, that tastes
good, or are you stupid at cooking, too?" Embarrassed, I asked the 13! Year old:
"Please, may I have my clothes back. I really suffer from being naked in front
of you." I did not dare to cover myself with my hands, as I said that. I hoped,
that if I were honest and reluctant, he would have mercy. But when I was
finished, he burst out into laughter: "Oh, how sweet you are, but you are
wearing something, that suits you. And now I tell you something, you'd better
use that diaper, in the way it is meant to be used. We wanna see some 'results'.
And you should rather do, as I tell you!"

Leaving me alone in the kitchen, I slowly realized, what this boy demanded from
me. (Oh god, they would inspect, the diaper, and would only be satisfied, if I
urinated in it. This was so shameful, I had to show them everything, even things
I wouldn't have shown one of the boyfriends, I had so far. I just wanted to run
and hide, but to my humiliation I was hot again, I could not believe it.

Just when I entered, clad only in the diaper, Sam taunted me: So have you
already fulfilled your task? Have you pissed in that diaper, my little one?" I
just sank my head to the shame and mumbled a no. "So you better lie on our table
and try to be finished with it, before we're finished with breakfast." As I
placed myself on the table, they handed me a feeding bottle, to encourage me.
(OH my, I won't get through this!!!)

There I was now, their little baby, having to soak a diaper, they told me to
wear, for those young boys fun, nude except for that humiliating garment, and
sucking on a feeding bottle. Carl and Sam had problems with eating their
breakfast, as they could not stop laughing about me, slapping my thighs and my
tits once and again. And I was very concerned, what would happen, if I did not
make my diaper wet, until they finished their meal. I tried so hard, sucking
loud on my milk, and finally I felt a warm liquid between my legs. They
certainly knew, how to humiliate me, and I thought, that it was really perfect,
that from all those kids, I found two of their age, which were much too
inventive, for my taste.

"Look she's pissed, that pig!" Carl realized. Now I was totally embarrassed.
"How can you be such a baby, I think she should keep wearing it to remind her.
"No, please, take it away. I can't stand that feeling. Please!" "So what you're
gonna do, if we don't allow you?" Carl asked me. Self-conscious I stayed silent,
and became more and more aroused.

So with feeling the wetness between my legs I had to clean the dining room and
wash the dishes. After half an hour, I was ready, with them watching me and
laughing at me. If I did not think about my state, they reminded me, with their
jokes.

When I was finished, I had to follow them into their backyard, cutting of my
concern about being seen by the neighbors with some smacks on my backside.
Worrying, if I would be seen, I had to lie own on the grass for them to open the
diaper. "Ohh, how she stinks" they added to my shame, as they looked at my pussy
between my spread legs. "I know, how to get her clean" Sam informed Carl and
soon returned with a used toilet-brush and the hose for the garden. "Oh, not
with that, can't you use something else? Please not!" I cried. Then I shrieked,
because of the cold water, that he shot at my pussy and tears I cried, when they
used the brush cruelly on my sensitive flesh.

After that torment, I curled up like a baby and they left me to get something. I
was too exhausted to think about what they had in mind. I just laid there,
wondering if the boys realized, that between my cries and sobs I had come to
orgasm, and it was the heaviest I ever had, despite my deep humiliation.

When they returned after half an hour, in-between I had to lie spread-eagled in
the grass, feeling the soft wind all over my body, they were still laughing from
how they treated me. Carl asked me, if my pussy was hurting, because they had
forced that ugly toilet brush inside and I had kept it in there. The thought of
having old urine of a whole family inside me made me shiver in disgust, but it
was also making me hot, because this thing inside me degraded me to their
delight, and even more now, as I had to face their mocking faces. They did not
say a word about my orgasm, but they had known, that wetness in my pussy means
arousal, so I did not know, if they knew, but I felt even more vulnerable
because of that not- knowing.

"Wet again?" Carl asked me "or is it just piss? I think you just can't control
yourself, you baby!" That was it. To the ultimate humiliation of what he had
just said now, I came again with a scream, and from their laughter I knew they
were exactly knowing, what was going on.

Was that me, who reacted to them that way, now I knew I craved for more, I knew,
that I wanted those two children to treat me like shit. And I knew they regarded
me as a treasure, a treasure to play with, as they wanted. For the time of my
orgasm, I was so motivated for their plans with me (please degrade me more), but
as it vanished, my thoughts made me shake with humiliation.

Was I really that sluttish, and even worse, did I want to behave myself like
that for those two cruel brats.

But they did not let me wait to long. Still feeling my orgasm, Sam rubbed the
dirty sole of his shoe against my pussy and Carl held one of his over my head:
Harshly Carl told me: "One you hump, one you lick. And because you love the
taste so much, we've pissed on them, and you better swallow all of it!"

Later I thought, that I perhaps would have had the courage to say no, but at
that time I was in my own world of humiliation and arousal.

I licked the piss- tasting shoe clean, as I pressed my pussy against the other
shoe, until I came the third time. My head was still spinning, when Sam took of
his shoe and laughing told me to lick up the mess, that I had made, from it.
They left and told me to follow, when I was ready.

With every minute I felt more and more sick at what had just happened. Why had
those little nerds the ability to make it worse, when I did not think, it could
get worse anymore?

Finally I thought the shoe was clean enough for them to be satisfied, so I got
inside. I found them stuck to their computer.

They showed me the photos, they made today and yesterday evening, when I was
"babysitting" them and I gasped in shame at what I saw. How could I have let
this! happen.

Sam left and came back with my clothes, threw them in my face, and told me,
their parents had just arrived.

Before letting me get into them, Carl inserted Captain Kirk in my pussy, and he
had to stay there until I left.

I was downstairs with the boys, just when the front door opened. "Hello" Mr.
Peters greeted us "we're back. Did you enjoy yourself?" he asked "Yes, very
much!" Carl said. And, so that only Carl and me heard it, Sam added: "and our
baby 3 times." I blushed, as they smiled towards me.

Twenty minutes late I left, assuring that I would love to go camping with the
boys in the woods, as they needed an adult with them, and because I was still on
holidays. (and all the time I could feel "Captain Kirk" inside of my pussy.)
Before I left I had to assure the boys in front of their parents, that we would
have a lot of fun next weekend.




Lisa got more than she asked for

Part 4

I could not believe what I had agreed to, before I left the Peters! I would have
to fetch the boys on Saturday morning and then we would go to the Hyde Woods,
where they'd have the whole weekend to play their humiliating games with me. And
last but not least I did not know how I would react. Remembering the shame I had
felt, when I came in front of them with them knowing, that it had been because
of their humiliating ordeals, I shivered. Without thinking my hand went down
between my legs and I began stroking my pussy and asked myself, if I was a
submissive, as I laid on my sofa. I never was interested in this kind of
eroticism, but was this only, because I was too proud of myself and something
like submission was too shameful for me to even think about it. Did I, deep
inside, look forward to the camping trip?

Suddenly my hand stopped moving. No, I won't let this happen! I won't lose my
dignity to those ugly boys, well at least not again. I'm trapped by them, but my
feelings belong to me. I felt a little safer now and less vulnerable. It was
Thursday and I had 2 days now to prepare myself mentally, so I would be able to
face those days in dignity.

Half an hour later, at 4 in the afternoon, I heard someone at the door.
Wondering who it was, I opened and faced Sam and Carl, who entered without my
permission. "But..." "Sam interrupted me, as he passed me, spanking me once. "Oh
we thought, you'd be happy to see us and we wondered, how it looks like here in
your flat." "You cannot stay here now, because my mother will come here in about
10 minutes." I lied hoping they would leave. And I felt very uncomfortable now,
as they just entered my! apartment, the place where I felt save and consoled,
since I met the 2 boys for the first time. Why did they know, where I lived?

"Oh, what a bad girl you are, lying to us. We just met your Mom and asked her
for your address and she gave it to us, because she likes us so much." Sam
taunted me. And he continued, as if he would explain to a child: "And you surely
understand, that we have to punish you for misbehaving." Meanwhile they had
taken up residence in my living room and I had followed them, standing in front
of them, with their grinning faces. Taking a seat myself, I wanted to answer,
when Carl spat at me: "Did we tell you, you could sit down? No stand up straight
and answer properly!" Jumping up immediately, I was aware, that they would not
let me sit down in my own flat, and that all this happened, although I was twice
their age. "Yes, I am a bad girl, and it would only be good, if you taught me a
lesson." They tried to stifle a giggle, but I had only put so much effort in it,
so I could ask them not to be so loud, because of my neighbors. "We'll think
about that." Sam informed me: "but now bring us some beer and some sandwiches,
and when you come back you are topless, understood?" I whispered a yes and
blushed, before I went into the kitchen.

After ten minutes I was ready, hearing them laughing (and I knew, they laughed
about me) from time to time. I removed my shirt and my bra, which was not easy
for me, because I felt so ashamed, although it was not the first time they saw
my breasts. But things do not always become easier, when you do them more often.
And serving them their meals topless was as if I offered them my body.

I found them in my bedroom. Clothes were lying everywhere and they told me to
stay out of the way. They were searching for something. Finally they took an old
red pointed cap and Carl grinned: "This will do it, and you will clean up this
mess later, Lisa!" Back in the living room I had to give them their beers and
sandwiches. As I waited to hand Sam his, he quickly grabbed one of my nipples
and pinched it. I moaned and knew I had to listen closely to what he was going
to say. I also had to look him in the eyes, feeling his hand playing with my
nipple. At that point I started getting aroused, because of that humiliating
situation he had me in now. And there was nothing I could do to stop it,
although I tried so hard. "When you were preparing the sandwiches and yourself
for us, my little one, we decided how to punish you. So, as you don't want your
neighbors to know what games you love to play, you will do a little dare for
us."

It took me some time to realize, that they expected me to do this dare in my
apartment house and I was sure the best I could hope for was, that I would be
barely! clad. I dropped to my knees: "Please, not that! You, you can spank me,
please spank me over your lap. I am sure you can do this so hard, that I will
cry like a baby!" The thought of my neighbors seeing me naked made me nearly
panic. There were many people, who I saw frequently. But the 2 little nerds just
laughed at me not to be so shy, and Sam now grabbed my other nipple, too and
said, that I should not pretend, that I did not enjoy it. Carl added: "And don't
worry, we won't forget, that you want your ass to be spanked and that you like
to play Baby-Lisa games." My pinched nipples trapped me with a beer in the one
and a sandwich in the other hand, as Carl walked behind me and slid my jeans and
my panties down. Sam released my breasts, when I had stepped out of them. I was
totally naked now.

Sam left the flat for some time and when he came back, he saw me making a
handstand against the wall. I was moaning and begging Carl to stop pulling at my
pubic hair. "O.k., everything is ready, except Lisa," he mocked at me. I had to
endure 10 minutes of spanking, until they found, that my bum was red enough.
Then they gave me the pointed hat to put it on, but they still weren't finished
with their little tart. Carl took a thick pencil and wrote something on my
breasts. Then they placed me in front of the mirror. Oh my god, I was only a
joke now. The pointed hat, the word "BAD" on my right and the word "GIRL" on my
left breast. This must be a nightmare, but the thought of being seen like that
by someone I knew aroused me so much! Then they turned me around and I saw, that
my bum was really red. They laughed all the time, calling me a priceless toy.
Horrified I heard, that Sam had taken my panties to the basement and that he
left a note, that they were mine. So if I did not want them to be found, I'd
better hurry. They shoved me out of my apartment and when the door was closed, I
could still hear their laughter.

I lived on the third floor, so it would be a long way. Suddenly every sound was
much louder. I heard a TV, some screaming children, but to my relief no steps on
the floor. Slowly and carefully listening, I sneaked to the staircase. I opened
it carefully, but found it empty. It seemed to take hours until I reached the
basement. When I was inside I wondered, where I should search, and I wanted to
be back inside my apartment as soon as possible. It was cold, in fact only my
bum did not feel cold, which reminded me that my state was far worse than being
only naked. Just as I wanted to start my search, the door opened and the only
place, where I could hide was the garbage-container. I quickly jumped inside and
listened to what was happening outside. I heard footsteps, someone was in here.
To my good fortune it did not stink too much in here, but falling inside, I had
spread my legs and did not dare to move. I was lying on my front, I felt wetness
and some kind of slime everywhere. This was really disgusting and I did not want
to think about what things were in here, soaking me (even between my legs).

Then I heard the person outside returning to the staircase. The door was opened,
closed and then there was silence. After a minute I dared to climb out of the
container, wet all over. I looked around for my panties and froze, when I saw
the janitor.

He was a mean old man, 68, I think. I never liked him and I knew he did not like
me either. He was smiling sarcastically, looking me up and down, until I
remembered to cover myself with my hands. "Ah, it, it's a dare between my
friends and me" I finally managed to say. He slowly walked around me: "I see."
and after a moment of silence, he added "Bad girl. Does this dare involve some
panties?" he asked. As I started to answer, he continued: "But, what makes me
wonder even more, why are they so much younger, than you are, those friends?" I
did not know, what I should tell him. After he let me wait for a minute, he
said: "Yeah, before I forget." And he handed me a note from Sam, which said: "We
thought, we should involve your janitor in this dare. We discussed, that he
should have some revenge, because you always act so snobbish, when you talk to
him. Do what he tells you and you can come back." With shock in my eyes I looked
at the man.

 "You really look stupid, Lisa!" Mr. Stephenson, the janitor said. "And you're a
mess. I think, first we should get you clean. He brought me to an empty room and
shot cold water from a hose at me. To wash off the dirt, I had to turn around:
"I can't believe it. The toy for these 2 boys. They told me everything. I did
not believe them, but now I do, looking at your red bum. Girl, you are
shameless." But shame hit me deep inside and then he wanted to check one thing,
he had been told about me. I could not believe, that suddenly I was in this
man's hands. First he dried me with a dirty towel, I had to put my arms behind
my head, wondering, what he was going to check. "By the way do you like it, when
I dry you like the baby, you want to be?" he taunted me, and I became even more
aroused. He told me to suck on my thumb. Then he made me spread my legs, his
hand touched my pussy and he said: "They are right, you're getting hot, when
someone humiliates you." He continued to touch me and then he made me lick his
fingers clean. The taste of my own wetness and the sensation of his rough hands
on my tongue were very degrading, because I knew I had to do this for a man I
had known for 3 years now. Then he patted me on the head and called me a good
girl.

He pulled a rope out of his pocket and tied my arms behind my back. "Don't be
afraid, Lisa, I don't want to fuck you. I just want to have a little fun,
because you were not very nice to me. Then he turned me around, told me to look
into his eyes and he started to rain smacks on my breasts. Although he was an
old man, soon they hurt and I pleaded with him to stop, but he had no mercy.
Finally he stopped, but only to continue with my pussy, what was even more
humiliating. It was difficult to keep my legs spread for his hand and he only
stopped, when I was crying. "So will you be a nicer girl in the future?" he
asked me. I nodded my head and told him that I would be. I asked him to remove
the ropes now, so I could rub my sore flesh. He didn't, but he offered, that if
I asked properly he would give me some relief. To my ultimate shame I asked:
"Please Sir, would you pleeease rub my sore pussy, because I need your hand so
badly!"

He then started caressing me between my legs and I softly moaned with relief,
because my pussy was really hurting now. After a few seconds he slowly pulled
away his hand, and my hips followed him until his hand cupped my pussy again. He
repeated this degrading game some more times, and I could not fight the urge to
press myself against his rough hand. He was mean and together with his treatment
of my most private part I was hot. So hot, that it nearly brought me over the
edge and I had to beg my janitor again and again to touch my pussy. He had
brought me so far, that he only held his hand between my legs and I humped it,
as if there was no tomorrow and all the time he laughed at me. When I realized
not to do it anymore to ease the pain but for my pleasure, it was too late. I
screamed, when the orgasm hit me, and he felt me cum, with a really interested
look at me. And throughout the whole orgasm, I had to look him in the eyes. He
still laughed at my orgasm and I felt humiliated beyond belief. Finally he
called me shameless little Lisa. With his hand still between my legs I had to
thank him for treating me like I deserved it. He then pulled at my pubic hair
and said, rather to himself: "Maybe I should tell the boys to get rid of this."
(I blushed, as he looked at me. He would talk to the boys, deciding how my most
private area should look and I would not be asked!) Then he shoved me towards
the staircase, my hands still bound behind my back and I had to make my way back
to my flat. Mr. Stephenson left me on the first floor saying: "Perhaps we'll
meet again. I'll ask the boys. Perhaps you will help me with my work." and off
he was.

I was really lucky now, because the staircase was empty and when I entered the
third floor, no one was around. Being nearly home, I did not listen any more but
only tried to return to my apartment as quickly as possible. I ran through the
floor, not caring that my breasts now seemed to have a life on their own,
jumping in every direction.

I did not notice, that my next-door neighbors, a young couple in their early
twenties, were leaving their apartment with their dog for a walk. When I
realized it, I stood in front of my own door. The dog jumped at me and began
licking me between my legs, and I could not avoid it, because my arms were still
secured. My two neighbors smiled at me. "Please take your dog away." I said
shamefaced. "Not until you tell us why we see you like THIS!" the woman laughed.
A few weeks ago we had a quarrel, because I was so annoyed with their loud
music. They couldn't mean to be so cruel now. The dog still at work between my
legs I explained, that I had lost a bet. "And why, do you look, as if you've
just been fucked?" In shame I said, it had been my boyfriend, and to my distress
my voice sounded aroused. "Look, she's getting hot! Didn't think, that this
bitch has a boyfriend.", the man said, "Does your boyfriend look a bit like our
dog?" His girlfriend giggled: "Yeah, I guess she is dating him in the backyard."
Now that really was mean. "Please." I begged "Please let me go." "We will, if
you give each of us a lovely kiss. And you'd better be good at it, otherwise we
will let Rudolph make you come." she told me.

I had no choice and just hoped that my task would not take to much time. I
really would hate to come in front of them. He was first and I really tried hard
to satisfy him. When finished, he said: "Well she's really trying hard." I was
really hot now, as she started kissing me. I knew, if she would not stop soon, I
would cum. She must have realized, too, because she started caressing my
breasts. It felt so strange, I had never kissed a woman before (well, actually I
had never let a dog lick my pussy). I tried to free myself, but she was
stronger. So I came with her still kissing me. She smiled cruelly, when she
released me. My face was deep red. "Did that teach you a lesson in being a good
neighbor, ninny?" she asked me. I nodded my head. "So is your cunt clean from
your juices now, or do you want Rudolph to lick it some more." "Yes, it's clean,
so please pull him away." I said, exhausted from my orgasm. "Thank you for your
funny show, dog bitch. What do you think, Simon, let's take Rudolph for a walk
later." They reentered their apartment, and I knew they were going to have sex
now, because treating me so maliciously had turned them on.

I turned around and pleaded the boys to let me in, knowing that they had
witnessed the whole conversation. When they let me in Carl asked me, if I
enjoyed my trip. I had to tell them, that I had and they were only satisfied,
when I told them every detail about it, how Stephenson had treated me. Until I
was finished, the boys took pleasure in touching me everywhere. To my good luck
it was already late and the boys had to get home. They told me, that they were
looking forward to our camping trip. Looking at their faces, when they left, I
could figure out, that I would not be bored in the woods...




(To everyone, who reads this story: I had some help with one part of the story,
a very nice person from England helped me with my translation problems, but he
is too busy to do this regular. I hope my not well-practiced English does not
prevent you from enjoying the story.

If you like this one, you should read those from "Emma No Knickers", you can
find them here, on BDSM Library.)

Lisa got more than she asked for

Part 5

When I arrived at their house to fetch them for our "funny" camping trip, Sam
and Carl were already waiting outside with their parents. Parking my car I saw
their parents happy smiles and the boys cruel, aroused grins. "Hello Lisa."
their Mom greeted me "It is so nice from you to take our boys with you for the
camping trip. But please be strict with them and don't let them stay up late, so
that you have at least a little time on your own. I know, that they are
strenuous sometimes." Oh my, if she knew how strenuous times I had spent with
them. And I did not want to think, that if they would stay up late would
certainly be the least of my worries. "I'll be fine. We'll explore the nature,
and I'm sure, that I'll keep your sons busy, so they will be tired at night." I
responded. When the 2 boys stifled a giggle, I realized, that I just made a very
suggestive remark.

After we had started our ride, Sam, who sat next to me, told me, that it was
cool, that I wore a dress. Grabbing it at waist level he told me to lift myself
up, so he could pull it up. After that he pulled down my panties and made me
step out of them at the next red light. Now my dress ended at my navel, because
I had to lean back. The safety belt fastened it on the front.

Then they started talking to me about how the love to be in the woods, what they
did with their parents, when they were camping together, and I had to talk to
them, as if it was the most normal thing to show them my pussy. Sam lit himself
a cigarette and instinctively I told him, that no one smokes in my car. Sam took
another cigarette and stuck it into my pussy: "You cannot forbid others to
smoke, when you do it yourself." he chuckled. "And if you don't behave, then
maybe we should make you smoke it, as you already keep it between your lips."
Carl laughed. They continued their jokes until I parked the car in a parking
lot. There were three other cars, but no one was around.

Carl told me to undress. I pleaded with him at least to wait until the trees
surrounded us, it was still half a mile, and I did not want to be seen by anyone
else. "Are you trying to argue with me?" the mean boy asked me. I was not able
to face his eyes, when I took of my clothes. I looked at the forest in front of
us and suddenly realized, that out here I felt even more vulnerable and I would
not even have the opportunity to hope for someone to rescue me. There would only
be the three of us.

Carl opened my rucksack and laughed at Sam: "Look, she's got plenty of clothes
in there." "Yeah, as if she would wear them." Sam replied. They threw all of the
clothes on the back seat with me standing naked behind them and I could do
nothing but watch them. When they were finished, I was told, that I would carry
everything. They gave me their rucksacks and told me to put all their stuff in
one of them. When I was ready, Sam put a collar around my neck, which was
connected to a leash. I was their donkey now, they told me and shamefaced I
followed them, carrying a very heavy rucksack.

Soon we were in the woods and although I was naked, except for my heavy boots,
they had allowed me to wear them, my whole body was soon covered with sweat.
"You're in a bad condition, Lisa" Sam taunted me "You sweat like a pig!" I
answered: "But that is because of the weight, I have to carry." "Donkeys like
you normally carry much more weight!" Carl laughed. I was now angry: "I AM not a
donkey, you little shit!" Carl suddenly seemed very upset. What had I dared. "Oh
I'm sorry...Sir!" I submissively said. He took the belt from his trousers and I
timorously pleaded: "I'm a donkey. I will play a donkey for you!" The first
smack hit my breasts, and he grinned as I said that, but he did not stop until I
let them hear my donkey's voice scream "I-Ah" enthusiastically. I followed them
by the leash and from time to time I had to inform them, that I was still there
with my I-Ahs, what they found extremely funny.

When they found the place, where we would camp, I had to build up the tent, put
everything to its right place and collect some wood for our campfire. They just
sat down, ate a snack and watched me, their adult girl, doing all the work. The
2 nerds did not hesitate to comment on what a brave working girl I was. "Are you
enjoying our trip, little Lisa?" Sam asked me. "Y- Yes, I do!" I answered
shamefaced. They laughed and told me not to be so lazy, so I tried to be
quicker, when I felt a mosquito bite me. I smacked my own bum to kill it. Carl
laughed, but Sam stood up and told me with an angry voice: "Girl, I hate it,
when somebody kills animals and you are not to kill one more mosquito. So if
they are thirsty, you will let them drink, is that clear?" I apologized,
although I had seen them smacking mosquitoes earlier. This was only one of their
funny games. When I felt the next mosquito, I had to endure the light pain, I
let it "drink" and it was only the first of many.

When finally I was finished with the work, I asked them, if  I could sit down to
rest a bit. "Sure you can, but first, you have to tell us, if you are a slut."
Carl asked me. I knew, what he wanted me to say and the fact, that he did not
tell but asked me made it even worse. I pleaded them not to make me say that,
but Sam only replied that it was my choice. I would not have to answer, if I did
not want to sit down. After some minutes, all the time I stood in front of them
with my pussy on eye-level, they were engaged in a conversation. I needed some
rest, and so I finally managed to say: "I am a slut, so may I please sit down."
Sam still laughed, when he told me to sit down at their feet, as I am a slut. I
had to face them with my legs spread.

He than had a "cool" idea, as he said, he took a sausage and without warning
forced it inside of me. It slid in easily, showing them that the slut was hot.
Carl giggled: "Remember the kennel, Sam? You know, what she is now? Now she is a
Hot-Dog-Lisa!" I could not even turn my red face away. After some time Sam
explained that I looked really delicious and that I made him hungry again. He
knelt down between my legs, lowered his head and bit of the part of the sausage,
that had stayed outside. For a moment I felt his lips touching me, so I shivered
and moaned. To my humiliation he said that he tasted a little of that awful
juices I produced and he cleaned his mouth with my hair. When he sat back, he
told me to produce some more juice for my meal. Now I had to masturbate with
spread legs in front of the 2 boys and they watched me in a very curious way,
but just before I climaxed, Carl told me to start my meal. Frustrated I stopped.
I wanted to cum, but I dared not to continue, because they surely would
humiliate me even more, teasing me, that I couldn't control myself. But of
course they had something else in store. Carl handed me a piece of bread and
told me to dip it every time I took a bite. So I had to push that bread inside
my pussy again and again. I was so aroused, that the bread soon was soaked with
my juices. They watched me and made me thank them for my delicious meal.

After that we started to explore the surroundings. I had to go first and when I
was to quick, Sam tugged me back by the lash. When I was to slow, one of them
smacked my bum. Of course they altered their speed, so that I was kept busy all
the time. Soon my backside was sore and I pleaded them to stop. Their answer was
a 5-minutes lasting spanking with me on all fours, my head touching the ground.

A little later we found a small river and Sam ordered me: "Take your boots of
and get your ass in there, so it'll cool down!" Stepping inside I replied: "I
can't. It is too cold." Carl ensured me, that they would beat me with a branch,
if I didn't sit down immediately. Slowly I lowered myself and gasped, as the
ice-cold water washed around my waist. When they allowed me out again I walked
up to them with chattering teeth. "Does baby Lisa want us to dry her up? Oh,
don't you know, that your little baby ass could get a cold from that water,
stupid, stupid girl." Carl said and grinned. They took of their shirts, told me
to spread my legs, while they rubbed me dry. They of course concentrated on my
pussy and ass and I had to endure the humiliating words, telling me off like a
little child: "Really, Lisa, that was absolutely not necessary." "If we don't
look after you, you are a mess in 2 minutes." They continued lecturing me for
about 5 minutes. I stood naked in front of them apologizing again and again
until I started crying, because of the shame they made me feel. They taunted me
for crying like a baby. Carl walked up to me and touched my pussy: "Ha, I knew
it!" He showed Sam his wet finger.

On our way back I had to walk barefoot, as a punishment for being a silly little
girl. It was difficult, because there were many roots and lots of little stones.
And the boys did not let me walk slowly enough, so I could avoid my feet from
getting hurt. They used branches, which they had cut from a small tree, to make
me keep up the speed. "Come on Lisa, we don't have all day. It's already getting
dark. Hey, look at her ass wobble. Put more effort in it, slave" Sam laughed.
Calling me his slave increased my arousal, and although I was treated really
badly now, I wished I could hide somewhere to masturbate. They enjoyed my wicked
looking walk and sometimes one of them ran a bit ahead to watch my breasts
bounce. They told me, that my facial expression with my eyes wide open was too
funny. They were also very amused by my nearly constant crying out. Still half a
mile away from our tent my pleads for mercy lead to a brief break.

I kneeled on the ground with my hands behind my back and breathed heavily
between my 2 masters. "Slave, I give you a decision. You may crawl back to where
our tent is or we will make you run there and you will run, I promise!" Sam
yelled at me tugging on the lash. Humiliated and exhausted I answered: "Please
Sirs, will you let me crawl on all fours?" They laughed and Carl added to my
shame: "Well if you want to, Hot Dog Lisa, we won't stop you, you wicked little
girl."

It took a long time until we reached our tent and all the time I was guided by
their branches. It was already late and throughout almost the whole day I had
been aroused. I needed it so badly now. The boys seemed to know, wearing mocking
smiles. "Does our Lisa want to cum for us?" "N...no," I gasped for air "I, I
really don't want." Sam answered: "Ha, you can't fool us! But if you are so
prude, you will have to wait for a long time, I think. As if he knew my secret
plan to wait until they were asleep, he took a rope from the rucksack and tied
my hands behind my back. There was absolutely no way for me now to masturbate.

My frustration did not last long, as the 2 nerds began to play with my pubes.
"Please no!" I moaned, but my hips already responded to their exploring hands.
They touched me everywhere and my body cooperated against my will, but just
before I came to orgasm they stopped. I was so aroused now, that I pleaded them
to make me cum. "We will allow you to, if you show us how it feels. Take us in
your mouth, I think that is only fair." Carl said, very aroused now. "Please
don't make me do that. I'll promise to be good and do everything you tell me." I
pleaded. They continued to play with me a little from time to time and finally
it was too much. Being hot for such a long time, I could not resist agreeing
with their outrageous deal anymore. On my knees I had to look up at them, as
they took off their trousers and pants. I gasped at the sight of their young
boys penises and they grinned down at me with triumph, although they seemed to
be quite nervous.

Sam was first, but before letting me take it in my mouth he slapped me
everywhere on my face with it, laughing that beating my face made it red really
quickly. When he slid it inside, he said exited: "Wow, I never thought, that it
would feel so good, Carl. Hey, Lisa look me in the eyes, and swallow it all!"
Looking up I saw an evil grin, and he told me he felt very powerful. Well, I
believed him, because I felt totally mastered now by those two brats. It did not
take long, before he began to spurt his semen in my mouth and I had to look him
in the eyes all the time. I felt so deep under his control now. In my arousal
and to my shame I was very aware, that he was only 14. He patted me on the head
as I had licked his dick clean.

Carl was next and he first touched me a little to encourage me. I also had to
face his grinning eyes,  then he told me to kiss it first, what I did before
taking it in my mouth. Like his brother it did not take him long to get off  and
I swallowed his cum, too.

I felt now really like a very bad girl. I let my head sink in shame, as they
both smiled at me from a distance and started a little fire. I had actually
sucked those 2 boys of, I thought and started to sob. Finally I managed to say:
"Please, don't forget me. You told me, if I did it to you, you would do it to
me. I need it so much, please." Carl came over, took something from his pocket,
and when he forced it in my mouth, I realized it was the pacifier. "Now be a
good girl and be quiet. You are getting on my nerves. But suck loud, for this is
at least something you are good at." I felt now more used and humiliated than
anytime before, but although this is what turns me on, it did not bring me to
orgasm. In frustration I started to cry silently sucking on that pacifier. They
had had their way and let me suffer now in desire.

Half an hour later the boys came over to me, where I was still kneeling, and
started caressing me again. Angrily I mumbled something in my pacifier and they
laughed at my flush of anger, but soon I was weak-willed again. As they stopped
touching me I moaned in despair. They laughed, but to my ultimate relief Sam
asked me, if I still wanted to cum. I nodded my head enthusiastically. Carl told
me, what I had to do, and although it was the worst thing I could imagine, I
willingly agreed.

Carl told me to come and kneel in front of him, because it had been his idea. He
was very proud of that. Then he put his foot between my legs and allowed me to
rub myself against it until I came, like the dog, I had already played today. I
needed it so badly, that I began to hump his leg right away. Sam and Carl were
hysterical with laughter, as they watched me. I had to bark for their fun and
then they made me howl like a wolf . I did everything they told me, because I
feared that they would not allow me to cum. When it finally hit me, it was the
ultimate orgasm. With my hands still bound behind my back, I fell down on the
ground and screamed out loud. The waves of this orgasm were so very strong and
they seemed to last forever.

I must have dozed off, because the next thing I could remember was, that Carl
kneeled next to me and the fire had almost burned down. "Time to get you ready
for sleep!" he smiled. To weak to plead with them to let me sleep in the tent,
they bound me to a  tree. They sat me down in front of the tree with my back
touching the rough bark, then they wrapped my arms around the trunk and fastened
them. Finally they put some rope around each of my ankles and bound the other
ends of the ropes to two trees, who stood left and right to where they had set
me down. Now my legs were extremely spread. The boys wished me a good night and
disappeared into the tent. I felt uncomfortable and although it was very
unlikely, I hoped that no one came along. After thinking for a long time about
what my arousal had made me agree to, I fell asleep.




A little info: The nice Englishman helped me again and edited this chapter. He
also corrected the second part of the story, perhaps you can already read the
new version.

Lisa got more than she asked for 6

Two hours of pure shame later, my whole body was hurting. It was very dark here
in the woods and I could see absolutely nothing. Suddenly, I froze in fear,
because I remembered that there were lots of animals out here. Well, I knew that
at least there were no bears, but the fact that I was bound with my legs spread
made me feel very uncomfortable. I called for the boys.

At first they didn't answer, but I heard their giggles. When I asked them again,
the boys came out of the tent. Standing in front of me, one of them turned on
his flashlight to light up my pubic region. Embarrassed I asked them to let me
come inside the tent with them. Sam said, "No, tonight you are our watchdog. If
anything comes near, do what every good watchdog does and bark loud." Carl
added, "And if you are a good girl tomorrow, then we may allow you inside at
night." They still laughed for a while after they had disappeared into the tent,
leaving me alone with my fear. It took me an eternity to fall asleep.

When I woke up it was already late morning. I thought that I had only slept that
long because the last day (and night) had been really exhausting. I was woken by
the voices of Sam and Carl, who appeared soon afterwards between some trees.

"Good morning sleepyhead," Carl greeted me, "We already have made a trip, and
because we are such nice boys, we bring you a present." Sam held one of his
hands behind his back and I knew that whatever he hid there wouldn't really be
something to make me happy. With cruel smiles they looked me up and down. I
begged them: "Please release me.  You have kept me like this for the whole night
and it really hurts now." In fact the pain was by far not as horrible as their
stares at my naked body and obscenely spread legs. "Soon, we will. And by the
way, you are such a lovely sight right now, perhaps we should tie you up more
often, Pussy...Cat." Shamefully I let my head sink, but looking at my naked body
was no relief, because this made me see everything that was so blatantly
displayed. He continued, "Since mosquitoes are your new friends, as we found
out, we have brought another new friend for you with us. Say hello to Tina."
Then he held his hidden hand in front of my face and showed it to me.

In shock, I started to squirm, but it was useless. At the same time, I began
trembling from head to foot. He had a really big spider in his hand and,
together with his brother, watched me as I tried to free myself. I pleaded with
them, "Please, throw it away! I am so afraid of spiders, I even fear small ones!
Please, I will be a good girl. I will...!" "Shhh, be quiet, silly girl, Tina
isn't poisonous. And she feels really funny. But have a try for yourself."

I yelped when he put her on my left breast, but then instinctively became very
stiff and silent, because I feared she would bite me. The boys giggled, watching
me in my fear. At first Tina just sat there, but after some time she crawled
over my breast, then climbed on the other one. I saw her claws directly above my
nipple. The boys came closer to watch and I was breathing heavy by that time.
"Lisa, it looks as if she wants to bite you in your nipple," Sam taunted me.
"Carl, did you recognize that her nipple is getting stiff now? Do you like your
new friend, Lisa?" 

I waited for the pain to hit me every moment, but then Tina started to crawl
towards my face. I was beginning to panic when Carl grabbed her and lifted her
up. "Where do you want her next, on your face or on your pussy?" As I started to
plead with him, he cut me off by telling me that he would decide for me if I
didn't hurry up. So, I asked him to put her on my pussy. I closed my eyes, but
Sam slapped my cheek and told me to watch. I felt so very vulnerable in this
position and when Tina was on top of my pussy, two of her horrible legs were now
a little inside of me. The boys were really proud of themselves now. When the
spider moved around a bit, she touched my clit and I moaned, adding to the boys'
entertainment.  They informed me that they would take her away if I would be a
good little girl, but if not they would make her my permanent friend. Finally,
they put her in a little cage in their rucksack.

I felt relief now and, as far as it was possible, even comfortable, when that
ugly animal was away. "Time for the lazy girl to get up," Sam said, and they
released me from the ropes. I stretched myself carefully, to avoid as much pain
as possible, and then I had to prepare our breakfast. I was glad that they were
satisfied with watching me while we ate, so I had some time to recover.

I realized that I had to do my daily needs after breakfast. When I asked them to
let me go behind some bushes, Carl told me that I did not ask them properly for
permission to pee and my punishment was to hold it for some more time. I didn't
believe what I heard. Now I wasn't even allowed to pee when I wanted (or needed)
to and, as my bladder felt quite full, I hoped they wouldn't let me suffer too
long.

Following them by the leash, with the heavy rucksack on my back, we made our way
through the woods after breaking the camp. In fact, I had done all the work and
the two little nerds only "had" to spank me every ten minutes, so that their
little girl would not get lazy. On our way, every now and then one of the boys
hit me with a branch, which told me to speed up. After pleading with them again
to let me pee, Sam forbade me to speak until I would be allowed again.

We made a rest at the river we had found on the day before. Well, at least the
boys did. They took off their shoes and let the water cool their feet while I
had to stand on the other side of the stream, which was only a meter wide,
showing them my front. I still wasn't allowed to say a word, and I knew what
they had in mind. The sound of the water had made my urge to urinate unbearable,
when Sam said, "I think you should take off your shoes. Am I right, that little
Lisa needs to do a wee-wee?" Shamefaced, I replied, "Yes, please let your little
girl go and do a wee-wee." Carl's laughter made it almost impossible for him to
tell me that they can't let me get out of sight, because in the woods it is much
too dangerous for a little girl, so I should do it right here. I begged them to
let me go, because I didn't want them to see.

They just let me stand there in front of them, discussing that this would be
fun, to see me pee. "We have a lot of time, Wee-Wee Lisa and you have no
chance." "Look at her face! She seems to be very concentrated," were some of
their rude comments. I knew sooner or later I wouldn't be able to control it
anymore, but the thought of urinating in front of their grinning eyes
strengthened my willpower and it took over half an hour until I finally lost
control. 

Slowly at first, I felt the liquid leaving my body. Sam recognized it first.
"Hey, look! Wee-Wee Lisa in action." To my shame, the action did seem to last an
eternity, accompanied by the boys' mean remarks. I was still wearing the
rucksack, and so I could not prevent some of the urine from running down my
legs. When I was done Carl ordered, "Don't wash your piss off. From what we have
seen now, this should remind you, that perhaps we should make you wear a diaper
more often from now on, you ugly, little baby." Despite this ordeal the relief I
felt, and the humiliation, made my body betray me and now other fluids became
apparent (this time only I recognized it).

Sam called me a pig and they didn't allow me to put on my boots again, for I
would surely make them wet as well. It was hard for me to follow them, and they
tugged on my leash more often now, hitting me with their branches. It seemed to
me that even the mosquitoes found it funny to play with me.

Two terribly exhausting hours later, we finally found a new place for our tent.
Of course, I had to do all the work again, while the boys rested in the sun. We
were now on the shores of a little lake and I knew, if anyone came to the lake,
I would definitely be seen. When I was finished the boys allowed me to rest a
bit with them.

They were sitting on a log and told me to lie down on the grass in front of
them. Carl told me to open my legs, and he began to caress my poor pussy with
his dirty shoes. After some time, I found the courage to ask for something to
drink, although my arousal made it difficult to speak. Sam pretended not to
understand me and they giggled every time I forced myself to repeat the
question.

Sam reached for my bottle of water and just before I came to orgasm, Carl pulled
his foot away and Sam emptied the bottle over my pussy and legs. "It's a pity
that I have to clean you with your water for today, although you are so thirsty,
but it's your own fault." I moaned, because of the cruel humiliation, my denied
orgasm, and because of my thirst.

I was still very aroused when Sam told me that we were going to play 'Cowboys
and Indians'. They would give me a head start, and not only they would regret it
if they caught me too quickly.

I believed him, that I had better put some effort in the game, but as I started
to run I wondered how they would be able to catch me, because I was surely
stronger than they were. Just before I was out of sight they followed me. I
tried to be as quick as possible, but being barefoot soon told me that I never
had a chance. I was rather hopping around than running and, if they didn't see
me, they heard me giving a groan now and then. 

Later, I thought they could have caught me earlier, but they only wanted to play
a little more. Finally, I was trapped in a hollow with one boy in front of me
and the other one behind me. Out of breath and feeling like a hunted deer, I
decided to overpower Carl and run as fast as I could. When I tried to throw him
on the ground, he clutched at me and I could not push him away before Sam
reached us. Immediately, Sam started to hit me with his branch and spat at me to
stop squirming and surrender.

It took me a lot of willpower not to move, and I pleaded with him for mercy,
because I was their captive now. He continued to hit me, although he put less
effort in it, when suddenly Carl, who still held onto me, touched my pussy and
took one of my nipples in his mouth. Surprised, I reached for him, but a cruel
pinch into one of my pussy lips let me know that I had to keep my hands out of
the way. Now, one of the boys would hurt me while the other one aroused me, and
I was to keep my hands at my sides so as not to interrupt whatever they wanted
to do to me.

They changed places, and now Sam rubbed himself against me, feeling my body
shake with every sting of the branch. To find a little protection against the
pain, I hid my face on his shoulder, grabbed him tightly and pushed my hips
forward rhythmically. I felt his stiffness, but couldn't avoid my movements.
Suddenly, he grabbed my head and pulled it away from his shoulder. He started to
kiss me and I, too, was so aroused that I responded to it. I started to rub
myself against Sam, being hit by the branch again and again. Suddenly, Sam
shivered and I felt him ejaculate in his trousers. Carl didn't realize what had
happened between Sam and me, and I didn't stop kissing Sam, so that he wouldn't
stop caressing me. But, after he was satisfied, he moved away from me and,
looking at my begging eyes, he smiled and said, "Perhaps later, or tomorrow,
little Lisa."

Suffering in humiliation, I was led back to the tent. The captive lit a fire,
then made a meal and was bound to the log. They dragged me over it with my front
up and bound my arms and legs to the ground with the log spreading my legs. When
they had eaten, Carl asked me if I wanted to be fed. I said I would love him to
feed me. The boy made himself comfortable on top of me and, as he continued to
insult me, saying things like, "And now one for Daddy", I felt his penis getting
erect. I couldn't stop him from slapping my breasts because my arms were tightly
secured, and he found it funny to let them wobble. When he was finished, Sam
joined us and told me that my dessert was served. He had changed his underwear
and he made me lick the old one, covered with his semen, clean. It was ugly,
already cold, but the hard smacks on my breasts persuaded me.

After that, Carl asked me if I wanted to give them each a blowjob. When I said
that I would never do that again, and he should forget about it (I was not so
sure about that anymore, because those two nerds had already made me loose my
will several times), he brought out the little cage where they kept my friend,
Tina. "Now, I ask you again, do you WANT to give us a blowjob?" Frozen in fear,
I looked in horror at the big spider and stammered, "P...Please anything b...but
that spider. Please, let me suck you off. Please, I beg you!" They laughed at my
efforts to satisfy them using the word 'suck'.

Carl was first, and I knew why Sam wasn't in such a hurry. Carl 'invented' a new
way to get his fun. After some time, he grabbed my head and face-fucked me,
while his brother caressed me to make sure I would crave for more. When Carl
came inside me, he told me not to swallow, then he pulled his young penis out of
my mouth and told me to open up, so he could see his cum.  Shamefaced, I opened
my mouth. I saw the pride in his eyes when he allowed me to swallow it all.

Sam continued to caress me for some time before he let me take him in my mouth.
He told me to be good at it or I would spend the night with Tina.  He also let
me know that his and his brother's pleasure came first, as he knew that I wanted
an orgasm, too. Like yesterday night, and today in the hollow, I was too far
over the edge and so I nodded my head, hoping that they let me have an orgasm. I
knew that I would be ashamed afterwards, but I couldn't keep myself from playing
along with their game. Sam became even more aroused, because he knew that he had
mastered me, and with every spurt of his semen, I felt the young bastard's power
over me.

After he had come the boys released my arms. "Do you want to come, Lisa?" Carl
asked me. I nodded my head, although I did not dare to look them in the eyes. He
continued, "Well, I think you are in the perfect position to have sex with that
log." Hitting me with their branches, they forced me to hump the log, but to my
relief they allowed me to use my hands, too, and finally I came with a scream.

When I laid myself down between the boys in the tent, I was back to reality and
their mocking comments made me gasp in shame, but I was so exhausted that I soon
fell asleep with their hands all over me.




Lisa got more than she asked for 7



Like yesterday, the boys let me sleep, although they were getting up  earlier.
When I woke up I heard them talk outside, "...of course, Carl, but when she's
too exhausted it will not be so funny to have her do tricks. And by the way, why
are you in such a hurry? We sort of own her and we have all the time in the
world. Now be a little more patient. We've been talking about this for half an
hour." "O.k. let's allow our funny plaything a little more sleep, but not too
long. I want to see her face getting red as soon as possible. Man, it's so cool.
I still can't believe that I had sex twice. This feels so damn good!" Then they
continued discussing how it was so cool to see me lose my will when they aroused
me again and again. "This is when she starts to think with her pussy," Sam
joked, and they both laughed.

I stayed in the tent, although I couldn't sleep anymore, because I wanted to
hide from them for as long as possible. I heard them going for a swim in the
lake and suddenly I was alone with my thoughts. The nightmares of the last two
days came to my mind and soon I started to sob because of my misery. I thought
about how I had pleased the two boys and that not only they, but also I, had
humiliated myself.

Caught up in my self-pity, it took me some time to realize that I heard 
footsteps outside. I heard Sam and Carl down at the lake, so I tried to stay
very silent and listened carefully to what was happening outside.

"Hello, boys," I heard a female voice yell, "nice weather for a camping  trip,
isn't it?" I heard the boys get out of the water and greet the woman. "We just
heard you and thought that we should come over, because we haven't seen any one
else for two days now." They introduced themselves as Ann and Sylvie.

They started to talk to the boys and it turned out that they both were 
seventeen and their parents had allowed them to go on a camping trip on their
own. "But where is your third person? I see some bare footprints." Sylvie then
said that they had been girl scouts and that they loved the woods. Sam said that
they had an adult with them and that I was still  sleeping.

"What? Still sleeping?" Ann asked. "Come on,let's wake her up." Alarmed, I
crawled into Sam's sleeping bag just before the two girls entered the tent. 
They were so quick that the boys weren't able to react. "Hey, sleepyhead. Get
up, or do you want to sleep all day?"

I opened my eyes and pretended to be very sleepy. "Hello. Who are you?" I said
with an angry voice. "Don't you have any manners? I want you to leave
immediately, you two brats. I cannot believe this, disturbing me when I sleep.
Now off you go!" But, instead of the reaction I hoped for, they smiled. "Ha, you
could have fooled us," Sylvie said, and, after a short pause, "if we hadn't seen
you yesterday, lead by the leash. Now come outside, you dirty lady." I told her
I wouldn't do anything and that she had better not make me angry, although I
didn't really believe that this would be successful.

Then I heard Sam say, "No, little Lisa, you will do exactly, what they  tell
you. Did you forget that it's not you who decides?" Watched by the triumphant
eyes of Ann and Sylvie, I reluctantly crawled outside.

I had to stand in front of them with my legs spread wide. "What did  you say,
little girl, I'd better not make you angry?" Sylvie taunted me, then slapped my
pussy three times. Deep red, with my eyes staring at the ground, I didn't dare
to stop her.

"Ha Ha, what an idiot she is. How can you make her behave like this?"  she
asked. The boys told her proudly that this was their little secret, but I
definitely liked all of it. Then they started to tell the girls what they had
made me do. All four of them laughed and joked and had a lot of fun over my
adventures, and all of the time Ann and Sylvie were touching and pinching me.
Now there were four teenagers witnessing me becoming more and more aroused. The
girls would only refer to me as 'Little Girl'.

Ann then had an idea. She took two pink ribbons from her rucksack and  made me
two pigtails. They cheered the result and Ann informed me that I could keep
them, because I looked so sweet now.

The girls were delighted when the boys told them I liked to piss in  front of
them, so they wanted to see me doing a wee-wee right away. I had to squat down
and spread my legs. It took me a great effort to release my bladder in front of
my audience, and all four of them guessed whether my face was red because of
shame, or because of the strain.

When I was done, Ann ordered me to crawl towards her on all fours. I obeyed, and
when I reached her she patted me on my head and called me a good puppy.

Now I was allowed to make a meal and, as we had guests, Sam proclaimed  that I
would serve them all before I would be allowed to eat. When they had received
their plates, they rewarded me with spanks on my bum and I had to kneel on all
fours with my plate on the ground. They were sitting around me and told me to
eat without using my hands. We had rice with a mushroom sauce and my face soon
was covered with it. I wanted to sink into the ground at what those nerds were
making me do.

When they were finished, I had only eaten half of my meal, and Carl forced my
face into the rest of it with a strong grip. He moved my face around the plate,
and then mounted me like a horse and told me to crawl to the lake to wash
myself. This was very difficult and I was too slow for his taste, so he spanked
me with one hand to increase my speed. Cheering, the other three joined him in
this, and my bum surely was red when I reached the water.

"Little Lisa has made a mess. Look at your state, young lady!" Sylvie told me
off. Shamefaced, I had to ask them if they would bathe me. After I sat down in
the ankle-deep water they cleaned me properly from head to toe, paying special
attention to my breasts and pussy. Adding to my shame, I was told to suck on my
thumb. Feeling eight hands touching me everywhere, I soon started to shiver,
which didn't go unnoticed. Sam said, "If you have an orgasm in the water, we
will punish you very severely." Alarmed by that, I tried my best to keep myself
under control. I squirmed around, but couldn't help my legs from kicking out
sometimes, and they didn't stop for a long time with this cruel game.

When they finally did stop, I was breathing heavily and felt like I was  going
nuts.

Now Ann tugged me out of the water by my hair and made me stand in front of her.
"So, Little Lisa, you said I had better not make you angry. Wasn't that a little
fresh, my girl?" Still sucking on my thumb, I nodded my head and the others
giggled. "Don't you think that you deserve a punishment for your misbehavior?"
she asked me. Unsurely, I nodded my head again.

Pretending to get angry, she told me to stop sucking on my thumb and answer
properly. I asked her for a spanking, but she told me that five slaps on my wet
pussy were more appropriate for a dirty girl like me. I pleaded with her not to
hurt me down there, but she just grinned and told me to lie down on the ground
and spread my legs.

After I lay down, I looked up at the four of them and once again felt  very
vulnerable. Carl kicked me softly with his foot on my inner thigh and told me to
spread my legs a little more. When he was satisfied, I felt my pubic region
shiver under their stares. They all knelt down and Sylvie said the smell made it
obvious that I was turned on. It cost me a lot of willpower to fight the urge to
cover my vulnerable pussy with my hands.

When the first sting hit me, I realized that this girl knew how much  power she
could put into the slaps. I shrieked at the pain and shielded my sex with my
hands and begged her to stop. Ann told me that for the next four, a slap only
would count if I kept my hands at my sides. Slowly I pulled them away and
awaited the next sting. I moaned when she hit me again and she let me wait
between every slap. Finally, she was done with my correction and started to
caress my sore pussy. This eased the pain but added to my arousal. She asked me
if I would be a good girl from now on, and I enthusiastically nodded my head.

Sylvie thought that it was now time for the boys to learn a little about their
toy. She asked them to spread my pussy lips to get a clearer view.  My
"Please..." was cut off with another slap on my now open pussy, which made me
buckle, because she hit my clitoris.

I was told to look into their faces and she started to caress me there, ?This is
her clit. You can arouse her easily when you touch it and, if you want to make
her come, just pay attention to it. The boys watched closely and had a try for
themselves, not forgetting to look me in the eyes with a grin. I knew they liked
their power over me and they laughed at my expression as I became more and more
aroused being totally helpless.

Slapping my pussy hard, Sam said, "Now, now, impatient girl. Better go to work
and get our stuff ready for departure." With trembling legs I stood up and did
what I was told. They were kidding around with their little girl, and I had to
masturbate now and then, so that my arousal never diminished.

I was sweating by the time I was done. Sylvie asked the boys if they would let
me give them a little pleasure. When she agreed that they could watch, the boys
became very generous with me and so I soon was kneeling on the ground in front
of her.

She told me to unzip her trousers and slide them down, along with her  panties.
She then sat down, spread her legs and kissed me gently, while Ann started to
caress my breasts. Ann told me to lift my backside and spread my legs. Soon, I
was kissing Sylvie, while Ann used one hand to rub me between my legs. After a
short time, Sylvie guided my head downwards and made me lick her pussy.

The boys were delighted and the two girls took every opportunity to boss me
around. They told me what to do and, if they weren't satisfied, they pinched or
slapped me. After Sylvie came she told me to lick her clean and then I had to
service Ann. Now Sylvie caressed me and when Ann had her orgasm I still hadn't
had one. I realized that they had only aroused me for fun, but weren't going to
allow me to get over the edge.

Frustrated, I knelt in front of the four teenagers. Sam said that they had loved
the show, but we had to leave now and get home. Sylvie told them she had one
last wicked idea and asked the boys if they had a thread or something like that.

Carl took out one out of his pocket and handed it to Sylvie, who knelt down
between my legs and said, "Open your legs bitch!" Shamefaced, I obeyed, and she
let the boys once again spread my pussy lips. Then she flicked my clit and, when
I was at a point of very high arousal, she bound the thread around it. Then she
attached a small cigarette lighter to it and told the boys, "This will keep her
aware of her wet pussy for as long as you want her to. But, if you want her to
wear the thread again, you'd better tell her to put it on herself, so she won't
get hurt. I hope you won't let her come too soon. She looks so funny when she's
aroused."

I had to kiss them 'goodbye', still on my knees, after they had exchanged
addresses. Somehow I had the feeling that I would see them again.

Our way to the car was rather uneventful, except for millions of spanks  because
I wasn't quick enough, and the continual sensation the thread and it's weight
gave me.

When we were only about two miles from the car, we took a final rest and I was
told to masturbate. Suddenly my mobile phone, the only thing they had allowed me
to take with me, rang. Still masturbating, I had to answer it. I greeted Sam and
Carl's father. The boys looked at each other and came close to touch me and make
it difficult for me to speak. They caressed me and Carl began to tug on the
thread rhythmically. I told their father that we would be back soon and he asked
me if we had enjoyed our trip. With hips bucking and hearing the boys? stifled
giggles, I told him we had a lot of fun. Hearing my voice tremble, he asked me
if I was okay. I replied that I was just a little tired. When I finally ended
the conversation, the boys laughed out loud.

For the rest of our trip back Sam lead me by the thread and I was careful not to
fall behind. Back at my car, Carl told me that I had to put their stuff back in
their rucksacks before they would let me get in. It took me over a quarter of an
hour until I was finished, fearing that someone would come along.

Before they allowed me to put on my dress, they wanted me to service them again.
They sat on the back seat and told me to climb in the driver's door, facing
them. Then, the boys made me put one leg on the front passenger seat and place
my pussy on the gearshift. I had to hump it while blowing the two of them.

Together with my soft rubbing around the thick plastic object the sensations of
the swinging weight on my clit brought me close to boiling. But it didn't take
them long to come and, when both of them were satisfied, they forced their horny
little girl to stop humping the gearshift. I begged them to let me come, but
they just told me to be patient. To my relief, Carl said that I had earned the
right to put on my dress.

On our way to their home, Sam, who sat next to me, caressed me from time to
time, using his new knowledge about my clitoris. He informed me that I would
have to have an orgasm in their parents' presence, otherwise I would regret it,
and that they wanted to witness it when I came.

Knowing that he was serious, I caressed myself, so that I would be nearly over
the edge by the time we reached their place.

When we arrived, their father was already outside waiting for us. The boys
jumped out, grabbed their rucksacks and hugged their dad. He greeted me and
asked me how I felt. I had moved my lower body as close to the door as I could
and, luckily, he didn't stand very close to the car, so he couldn't see me
stroking myself.

He talked to me while I had to act as if it was a normal situation. When I felt
close, I hoped he wouldn't realize, but I couldn't help myself from moaning
loudly when I orgasmed. It was a really strong one, because of the constant
arousal the four teenagers had forced me to endure.

To my relief, their father didn't have a clue, and asked me if I felt ill. I
told him that I was only very exhausted and that I sometimes get dizzy when I'm
tired. I added that I was okay, but I'd better get home now. The boys kissed me
good-bye (this time only on my cheeks) and Sam whispered to me, "You were a good
girl today. I'm looking forward to seeing you soon."



 To be continued...




Lisa got more than she asked for 8


I needed the days following our camping trip to recover. After I had taken them
back to their parents, where they had ordered me that shameful orgasm in front
of their unknowing father, I drove directly home, where I took a long shower.
Thinking of my great humiliation in the last three days, I began to cry, so my
face was washed by both tears and water. What did I do to deserve to suffer like
this? 

They had made me do so many disgusting things, and the worst thing was that I
responded to my degradation with sexual arousal. I couldn't believe that I had
gotten horny just because those two nerds told me off like a little girl. That
was when I started to caress myself in my shower, without really realizing at
first. Thinking of the ugly orders they had given me, I soon was lost in craving
for an orgasm. When I thought of Sam stopping to kiss me after he came in his
trousers while his brother hit my bum with the branch, I reached one myself.
Only after it had ebbed did it come to my mind that the treatment those boys
gave me was perhaps what I wanted.  

Tears of shame filled my eyes again as I stepped out of the shower and went
straight to bed to curl up for the next 14 hours.

The next days I was glad to have my work, where my thoughts had to focus on
something else. On Wednesday I felt a little better, thinking that I was only
confused and didn't want the boys to treat me like that. Early that afternoon my
secretary informed me, through the speaker, that I had two visitors. Gulping, I
told her to let them in. She led them inside and closed the door after leaving. 

"Wow, you've got your own bureau, girl!" Carl exclaimed. Sam said that they
thought I would be happy if they made a surprise visit to my working place. 
"Please boys, I am very busy here and I have a lot to do today. You cannot come
here and expect to do with me, well, whatever you have in mind" I argued.

Sam stifled a giggle. "Well, we only thought to inform you that we will come to
your flat this evening, but as you suggested that we have something in mind,
we'd better not disappoint our little girl."

Knowing that when they had decided something they would do it and all my pleas
would be useless, I had to take off my skirt and panties. Carl now told me to
sit down at my desk and start masturbating. While he sat in front of my desk,
Sam leaned himself against the wall at my side to watch and make sure that I was
obedient. Then I had to order two cokes and was told not to stop caressing
"their" pussy, until my secretary was gone again. I was really glad now that my
desk had a wooden plate on its front.

By the time she entered I was already quite aroused and felt even more
embarrassed at her presence. They had at least a little consideration for me,
because Sam walked up to her to take his coke. Otherwise, she would have perhaps
seen what I was doing. After she left, I thanked him for this and he twinkled at
me and said, "Hey we're just looking after you, little girl."

They made themselves comfortable on the seats in front of my desk and told me to
stand in front of them. I was allowed to inform my secretary that I didn't want
to be disturbed. In front of them, I had to spread my legs and put my hands
behind my head as they slowly drank their cokes, wearing only my top and high
heels. I felt so sluttish like this. "Your janitor had the idea to shave off the
hair between your legs. He told us yesterday on the phone that you would look
more like a little girl then," Sam stated. "Oh no, they discussed such things
about me with that ugly man," I thought. He continued, "Come closer, so we may
have a better look."

Hesitantly, I obeyed and they talked about what my pussy would look like without
hair as they let their hands run over my bush. Carl asked me if I would like to
be bald down there. I shook my head and with a grin he asked if I thought that
my vote would count. In shame, I said "No" in a very quiet voice. "You got it,
little Lisa!" was his response and he looked me in the eyes as he let one finger
slide inside of me. Both of them noticed me shiver and Sam thought that I
deserved a spanking for making their fingers wet.

I was to kneel on the floor and the boys took off one shoe each, which they
showed me as the implements of my punishment. I had to kiss each shoe.  I soon
found out that they hurt quite a lot. All the time I hoped no one outside would
hear the insulting smacking sounds the shoes caused when they hit my bum. Only
little moans escaped my mouth, but when my bum was red enough for them to be
satisfied, they told me to spread my legs wide.

"Little Lisa is enjoying this too much," Sam discovered. "You'd better let me
put your panties in your mouth, if you don't want your secretary to hear you
being punished. You deserve four slaps on your dirty, wet pussy." To my shame, I
had to ask him to put them in my mouth, but that feeling was forgotten after Sam
hit me with the sole of his shoe for the first time. I saw stars, quickly rose
up and covered my pussy to caress it and ease the pain. They laughed at the
sight of me with my undergarment stuffed in my mouth, but told me to get back
into position on all fours. Carl made it even worse by saying that the next
three would only count if I stayed in position. I tried to do the best I could,
only struggling a little, but failed at the last one, which was, of course,
repeated.

I was still on my knees when Sam said that it was a pity that they had to go
shopping with their Mum now, because he would like to give me the present of
letting me suck him off. But, he told me, I would get my reward this evening. I
had to open my mouth so Carl could take out my panties, which he told me he
would keep. They walked to the door and I had to hurry to hide behind my desk
before they opened the door.

For the rest of the afternoon I couldn't get Sam's words out of my mind, that I
would get my reward this evening. I felt like a trapped mouse, knowing that I
would have to give blowjobs to the two boys this evening and there was no way
out.

When I came home, I hoped to have at least a little time before the two came. I
entered my flat and opened the door to my living room. Sam, Carl and Mr.
Stephenson, the janitor, were sitting on my couch and greeted me. In shock, I
let my handbag drop.

"Well, well, well. Nice to see you, Lisa. Sam and Carl here invited me to spend
the evening with you three." He then told me that he heard I got a good spanking
today and I should show him my backside. After some unsuccessful pleading, I
reluctantly turned around and lifted my skirt up to my waist, hating to take
this order from him. Surely with a big grin he commented: "What a lovely red ass
you have. Nearly as red as your face."

Sam told him I liked my bum to be spanked, because I got wet from it. Mr.
Stephenson said, grinning, "Yes, I know she needs a special treatment to make
her happy and you are doing her a great favor." He, telling me not to play the
innocent, cut off my protest. I felt my pussy starting to respond to the
situation I had found myself in so abruptly.

I had to turn around with my skirt still up around my waist. When I faced them,
Mr. Peterson declared that my bush had to come off now and that Sam and Carl had
agreed to that. If I hesitated I would have to face my pussy being hit until I
begged them to shave it. I hoped for a hole, where I could crawl in and hide
myself from them.

My instructions were to fetch a bowl with hot water and a towel, then to strip
naked and lie down on the coffee table. There, I had to bend my legs to my
chest, grab the insides of my knees with my hands and spread them as far as I
could. I saw their evilly grinning faces looking down at me lying there in this
vulnerable position. 

First, Sam started to cut my hair short with some scissors, tugging at it to
make it easier for him to cut, but he took advantage of this also to torture me.
I moaned and begged him to be a little more tender, which only encouraged him to
tug even more. I was very afraid that he would cut me and even more afraid when
it was his brother's turn.

I looked down at Carl and saw that he really enjoyed my fear. I pleaded with Mr.
Stephenson that he should continue, but he only told me that, if I begged
properly and called him Sir, Carl would perhaps be more gentle. Carl was only
well satisfied (and laughing), when I forced myself to say, "Please, Sir, be
gentle with your little girl and take care not to hurt her pussy. I would love
to have a nice little shaved pussy for you to play with." But he was more
careful now and he let me know that this had been a lesson for me in obedience.
It was decided that, from now on, I had to address them as "Sirs".

Mr. Stephenson had brought a razor and shaving cream with him. He massaged some
of it into my pubic region and my three tormentors commented on my now obvious
arousal. I felt so helpless; moaning, squirming around and breathing heavily in
my ordered position, with them above me making their dirty jokes.

Mr. Stephenson shaved every single hair from between my legs and after he had
made me clean they all took the liberty to feel me up. They told me how sweet I
looked now and that I would keep my pussy bare from now on. Sam wanted me to put
my hair in two ponytails and look at myself in the mirror. I felt a rush of
humiliation when I saw what they had done to me. It was bad, because they
changed the way I look and this change would be permanent and this happened
against my will, only for their amusement.

Back in the living room, Mr. Stephenson proclaimed that I really looked like a
little girl now. Carl, saying  that he could even improve the sight, walked up
to me and handed me a pacifier. I had to put it into my mouth, which made the
old man laugh out loud, "I bet she is still wetting her bed." They told him
about my baby and pet experiences and, after enduring some jokes, Sam saw what I
felt. A drop was making its way down my inner thigh. After telling the others, I
was made to confirm that I loved to be their toy, that being humiliated aroused
me and I had to beg them to continue entertaining me.

Mr. Stephenson had a surprise for me. He told me to kneel in front of him and
caress my nipples, until they were fully erect. Then he showed me two little
bells connected to threads. I watched with a red face as he attached them to my
nipples. The boys found this to be a cool idea. It was very funny for them that
every time I moved, the bells rang. I had to walk in place first and then I had
to do Jumping Jacks with their laughter spinning through my head. They let me
keep them on for the whole evening and the sound of the bells made me feel like
a personified joke.

Mr. Stephenson then said he had to leave, but he surely enjoyed this evening and
would definitely want join us again another night. Sam suggested that I should
give him something as a reward for being so kind to me and even giving me the
bells as a present. Mr. Stephenson told me that he had expected me to give him
at least a little relief, after I had been teasing him throughout the whole
evening. I found myself again kneeling in front of him as he pulled out his
dick. I was told to take it in my mouth and make it stiff. When I put it inside,
he suddenly grabbed my head and I was surprised by some fluid entering my mouth.

When I realized that he was peeing into my mouth, I tried to escape from his
grip, but he said in a stern voice, "You better swallow it all or I will give
your little cunt a beating you will never forget." Giving in to my fear, I
stopped struggling against this horrible man and began to swallow mouthful after
mouthful.

Again forced to hold eye contact, I felt his urine wash away every bit of my
natural feeling of being equal to this man. I was just here to do whatever
pleased him and the boys. Having to swallow his urine was the most degrading
thing he could do and I saw in his eyes that he wanted me to feel this way.

As soon as the boys realized what was happening, they came closer to get a
better look. It came to my mind that they probably would want to have a try for
themselves. Sam thought that I seemed to like the taste and both of them were
overwhelmed at what they witnessed.

After finishing, Mr. Stephenson called me a good little piss loving girl, which
made me gasp in shame. He continued that, now I should really start giving him
what he deserved. I put a lot of effort in it to make it over as soon as
possible, thinking that having to blow him now, after he had humiliated me, was
as if I had to thank him for letting me drink his pee. He forced me to move his
dick in and out of my mouth, which made my bells ring rhythmically. Finally he
"let me" swallow it all. To my shame, he made me stand up and probed my pussy to
show Sam and Carl that, throughout this horrible ordeal, my arousal had never
left me.

We followed him to the door, where I had to kiss him goodbye and thank him for
letting me drink his piss and swallow his cum, but with an evil grin he told me
not to "...french kiss me, because not everyone likes the taste of piss."

When I closed the door, I heard Sam speaking to his Mum on the telephone,
"...no, Lisa has invited us to stay for the night, so you won't have to fetch
us. She's so cool. No, Mum, we won't cause any trouble..."




Lisa got more than she asked for 9

I waited impatiently until Sam hung up the phone. "Please, don't stay  here
overnight. I need a little privacy and..." Sam slapped me on my face and said
with an angry voice, "First, this was for not addressing me properly as Sir and
second, we do what we want. And why are you making such a big deal out of it?
You enjoy it anyway."

I couldn't look him in the eyes, because both of us knew he was speaking the
truth. "I am waiting!" he continued in that angry voice. I was confused and
scared, because I didn't know what he wanted from me and standing in front of
the two boys naked (well, except for my nipplebells) didn't make it easier.

"Sometimes little Lisa is so stupid," Carl thought out loud, pretending  to know
what Sam was talking about, although he seemed not to know either.  "Are you
stupid?" he asked. I told them I wasn't, which caused another slap across my
cheeks, this time from Carl. Being asked again I said, close to tears, "Yes, I
am stupid."

Sam came close and forced my legs apart to get better access to my pussy.
Putting one finger inside me, he said to his brother that it was fun to own a
woman who gets off when she is treated like shit. I had to tell them he was
right, that this was turning me on.

Secretly, I knew he WAS right, but I didn't want to believe him, although Sam's
finger felt so good inside me. Being naked in front of the clothed teenagers and
at their mercy, this vulnerability was overwhelming. There was no way for me to
control it and somehow I was glad that Sam and Carl found out this part of me,
which I didn't know existed. Partly I hated all this, but partly I craved for
it.

"You still have no clue, stupid. I am waiting for you to apologize for not
calling me Sir!" Sam informed me and pinched one of my pussy lips cruelly.  Not
daring to stop him I apologized, "Sir, I am so sorry, pleeease. I know my place,
Sir!" With a look of victory he stopped pinching me and I was allowed to follow
them into my living room, where they sat down on the couch.

Carl turned on the TV and told me to get them each a beer. Relieved that I had
some, I went to fetch beers for each of us (I needed one, too). When I got back,
the boys told me that a girl who doesn't have pussy hair is too young to drink
beer. Blushing, I handed them their beers and left the third on the couch-table.

They didn't allow me to sit on the couch and I had to kneel next to the  boys'
feet for further instructions. After some time, when I thought they were
satisfied with my obedience, I asked if I could remove my nipple-bells.

Carl leaned down to me and lifted my left breast up, then let it drop,  which
caused the bell to ring. With a smile on his face, he continued to play with my
breast. 'This is so funny. Why should we remove it? Hmm, maybe if you let them
ring a little, I will allow you."

I had to move my upper body so that my breasts bounced from side to  side, and
they made me say "Pretty please, Sirs!" I hated this so much.  Sam thought I
might replace them with clothespins, if I had some. I said yes, and was told to
fetch them. As I went to stand up, Sam told me to fetch them like a good puppy,
on all fours. Crawling to my bathroom, their laughter followed me.

When I returned, the boys wanted to put the clothespins on my nipples.  
Wondering if this would be painful, I got excited when they worked on my
nipples, because the  threads around my nipples had been tight and so I was very
sensitive there.  I bit on my lip to stifle a moan. Grinning at me, Sam let the
first clothespin grip my left nipple. I was surprised, because it hurt a lot
more than I imagined. I pleaded with him to take it off, but he just patted my
head and told me to be a good girl. Having no choice, I let Carl attach the 
second clothespin to my other nipple.

"The more you please us, the sooner they come off, Lisa," Sam explained to me
Now I was told to fetch some rope. Encouraged to please them, I didn't even try
to get up and crawled to my kitchen. Carl laughed, "Good puppy, and by the way,
dogs carry with their mouths."

When I got back, Sam brought his hand under my face and I opened my mouth to let
the rope drop. Kneeling near the couch, I waited as they cut the rope into
pieces with pocketknives. Then I was ordered to lie down on my back on the couch
table. 

The boys bound me to the table, which was large enough, so that my head lay on
the plate, spread-eagled. They bound my legs to the feet of the table, forcing
them wide apart, and my arms were secured above my head, so I could move them
only a little.

When they were ready, they stood back to admire their work. "Looks pretty, our
little slave. Doesn't she?" Carl smiled. Sam went into the kitchen, while Carl
continued to mock me. When he came back, he carried a wooden spoon. Knowing what
was awaiting me, I started to squirm and plead, but found out that this only
caused evil grins on their faces.

They asked me if I liked my clothespins and, as I answered no, Sam thought this
was the wrong answer. He began hitting my breasts with the wooden spoon. I knew
pleading was useless, but the pain made me do it again and again. After some
time, he asked me if my tits had had enough. My mind was racing and I finally
mumbled, "Whatever you think, Sir."  He grinned and told me this was the right
answer. Somehow, I felt thankful that Sam was satisfied.

But now it was Carl who wanted to have his turn with me. Knowing that I should
better do what he told me, I followed his instruction to beg him to punish me
for being a lazy slave. Carl hit me on my inner thighs and I realized that he
would slap my pussy finally. I pleaded in real fear with him not to hit my pussy
this hard and he had a surprised look on his face.

His brother came close to my face and told me Carl would take care and only hurt
me as much as I deserved. I was really thankful and, as Sam started to French
kiss me, I responded with real passion. He continued to kiss me when Carl
started hitting me again. I moaned every time he hit me, but didn't stop kissing
Sam back. And really, Carl hit my pussy with much less intensity.

After some minutes, it stopped and Sam let go of me. He looked me in the eyes
and as strange as it felt, we both knew, that he really owned me. I felt so bad,
because I felt that way for a fourteen-year-old boy, but I couldn't neglect it.
I also knew that he wouldn't be nicer to me in the future.

I thanked Carl, for having shown mercy with me (although my pubic region felt
very sore) and I really was grateful to the boys. Just as I noticed the bulges
in their trousers, Sam told me that it was time to try out something new. 

He undressed completely and walked to my spread legs. I knew what would happen
and somehow I was turned on, because I was bound helpless. I was thankful that
he took off the clothespins first. When he entered me I couldn't prevent a deep
moan, which made Sam grin. He told me to look him in the eyes as he fucked me.
He didn't last long and, as he grunted and  shot his hot semen inside me, I felt
even more owned than before.

Of course his brother didn't want to be left out and, although I was very
aroused by now, I didn't have an orgasm when Carl came. When he got off from me,
I had to thank them for fucking me and Carl stuck the wooden spoon in my pussy,
saying that I needed something inside me. They left me craving for more but they
ignored my pleas to "give me an orgasm, too", dressing again, sitting down and
discussing how good it was to fuck me.  Feeling used and humiliated I could only
lie there and listen to their discussion.

After some time Carl had an idea. They both went into my bedroom and I  heard
them talking but could not understand what they were saying.  Wondering what was
awaiting me now, I waited, sobbing, until they returned.  When they did, they
had some of my clothes with them.

Sam released me from the ropes after teasing my clit a little to keep me
aroused. Then they handed me a cap, a belt and my docs, black boots to put on. I
was private Lisa now and the boys were my drill sergeants. They started to give
me orders, nearly screaming at me with angry voices, and I had to answer with
'sir' at the beginning of my answers like, "Sir, yes, sir!" or "Sir, yes your
worthless private is horny, sir!"

They taught me to stand at attention with breasts out. I had to do press-ups and
march like a soldier with them directing me around and, when I did something not
enthusiastically enough I received a slap on my bum. The boys had a lot of fun
and made me tease myself now and then, so I was aroused throughout the whole
humiliating game.

Soon I was exhausted and sweating.  As my final task I had to stand at 
attention again and sing the national anthem, while I masturbated. My voice
broke several times, which only caused laughs from the boys and slaps on my
backside.

Still standing at attention I was asked if I needed to come. Not knowing if they
were still playing the game, I answered, "Sir, yes, please, may I come, sir?"

I was directed to my couch table and 'allowed' to hump the edge of the table. In
front of their grinning faces, I squatted down and rubbed my pussy against the
table. Sam and Carl made themselves comfortable on the couch and watched me
humiliating myself. It didn't take me long to reach an orgasm and I collapsed on
the floor feeling very exhausted. I was allowed to rest for some minutes before
I had to lick up the mess I had left on the table.

My sirs decided it was time to go to bed as it was already late and they made me
follow them on all fours. In the bedroom, Sam spoke: "I give you a choice. As a
puppy, you should maybe sleep on the floor," (My mouth fell open.) "Or you beg
us to fuck you again, to earn sleeping in the bed."

Sleeping on the floor like a dog in my own bedroom, that was too much,  I
thought. I knew that they would fuck me anyway, if they wanted to, so I begged
them, "Sirs, please fuck me again. I will be really nice and I need you so much
inside of me." Red-faced, I climbed on the bed after Sam patted it to allow his
puppy to get up.

Each of them took me twice before they spanked my bum goodnight. Lying between
them, I was ordered one more orgasm before being allowed to sleep.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  emmaadmirer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





