BDSM Library - Steph And The Army Guys




Steph And The Army Guys
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Steph and her roommate are kidnapped and tortured by some sadistic army guys.  This is jointly authored by myself and Backdoorsteph.
Steph and the Army Guys

By Dmatt  and BackdoorSteph
 
***** 1    ****


My girl friend Julie and I live near the Army basic training base. The men are
only there for six week then they are gone. We give them a few weeks to get
settled in then head to the local bar to find the one we want to fuck for the
next month then they are gone. No strings just good fucking. The new "Boy Toys"
have been in camp for 2 weeks and we agree to meet at the bar on Friday night. I
arrive a little early and sit at the bar to have a drink. I check out the new
meat to see which one I want to use for the next month. There are 10 or so of
them in the back room playing pool. After about an hour and 3 drinks, my pager
goes off. I look at it and it is Julie. I walk to the phone in the back of the
pool room. The guys all make comments about how I am dressed as I walk through.
I must look like a real slut with my tight low cut braless top and my nipples
poking out. I wore this top just for that reason. My short skirt with no panties
and fuck me heels are showing off my ass nicely. I get to the phone and call
Julie. She is having car trouble and can't make it. We decide that I should
leave and try it again tomorrow. I hang up and head for the door. A real hot
black stud steps in front of me and asks if he can buy me a drink. I look at him
and melt. I tell him sure and sit down at his table. One of the other guys puts
a shot glass in front of me and fills it up. I down it then one more. I start
flirting with my black stud and all the other guys. I do one more shot then they
tell me it is my turn and hand me a pool cue. I tell them that I really don't
know how to play pool but they beg me to try. I get up and see that the cue ball
is right in the middle of the table and all the other balls are at one end. I
think to myself "Fuck it" and bend over the table giving all of them a good view
of my pussy and ass. I miss and one to them hands me another shot. The rules are
if you miss a shot you have to take a shot. I down it and bend over the table
again. I try but miss again. One more shot for missing. I miss 2 more times and
down 2 more shots. I sit back down because I am having a hard time standing up.
I look at my black stud and ask him what happens if I stop. He smiles at me and
tells me I have to suck his cock. I get on my knees in front of him and take out
his cock. I suck him hard and deep until he fills my mouth with his hot cum. I
swallow it all. I look around the room and ask who's next. They pull my clothes
off and put me on the pool table. I have a cock in my mouth and pussy so fast I
couldn't say no if I wanted too. Not that I wanted too.




*****  2  ****

I suck as best I can,  as his hands reach back and grab my hair.  My eyes dart
around the room frantically and I see more men undressing.  A loud click sound
catches my attention as one of the men closes and locks the door to the back
room.   It looks like I'm in for a long night.  My pussy is trembling.   Partly
from the guy fucking, but more from the though that I'm going to get my brains
fucked out tonight by all these studs.

The guy in my mouth is about to cum.  He rams it all the way and holds me
tightly by my hair.  I can't breath and start to squirm around.  He just laughs
and slaps my tits as my squirming puts him over the edge and he shoots down my
throat.  When he finally pulls out, I suck a deep breath of air. I'm feeling a
little dizzy, a combined effect of the alcohol.   The guy in my pussy stopped to
watch the other guy cum in my face and quickly resumed with a frenzied effort.  
He quickly came and planted his seed deep in my cunt. 

I wanted to get these guys fired up so I started yelling at them.  Calling them
every insult I could think of.  Telling them that their tiny cocks were the
shame of the army, and that they were all probably gay anyway. I heard one
particularly large man in the back say, "That bitch is going to get hurt if
she's not careful." 

I looked right at him and said, "You got somethin to say, Minidick?" "You might
as well go home to mama, There isn't a real man among the whole lot of ya."

I could see the rage building in his face.  He rushed at me, pinning me against
the wall.  His knee met my stomach and knocked the wind out of me.  "That all ya
got?"  I managed to say as I doubled over.   As I struggled to catch my breath, 
I felt my hands being tied with a belt.   Before I could resist, I was lifted up
as they attached the other end of the belt to a pipe near the ceiling.   I was
balancing on my toes, and for the first time, just a little scared as they
huddled together to decide what to do with me. 

Finally the leader approached me, wielding a pool cue.  He assured me that I was
in for a good fucking, but first, I would need to be punished for showing such
disrespect to his men.   Before I could object, he swung the cue and hit my
stomach, knocking the wind out of me again.   All the other men quickly lined
up.  Each one took 4 or 5 swings.  Hitting me hard on my breasts and stomach. 
With my hands still tied above me, there was not much I could do aside from
squirming around.  

By the time they finished, my tits were swollen and had some nasty bruises.  The
leader had a huge hardon and said how he can't wait to sample my ass.   This
seemed to spark an argument.  Apparently, everyone wanted the first poke at my
tight ass.   The leader grabbed some darts from the dart board and said that
everyone would get 1 dart.  It would be a contest.  The first one to hit my
nipple would get my ass.  They lined up again, each with a dart in their hands
and a hard cock in their pants.  

The first guy hit my right tit but it bounced off.  It must have been a bit dull
because it didn't hurt a bit.  The second guy threw his hard.   It sank into my
tit, but also didn't stay.   The leader was getting frustrated so he cut the
belt holding my hands and bent me over the pool table.  He rammed his cock into
my cunt too a few strokes before pulling out and ramming it deep into my ass.  
I screamed out as someone else shoved a cock into my mouth.  The guy in my ass
pounded me hard, not giving me time to relax and get used to his size.  Within a
few minutes, I felt him push all the way in and hold it there as his cum gushed
deep inside me.   He was quickly replaced by the next guy in line.  I lost track
of how many times I was fucked or home many times I came. 

After about an hour or so, they were pretty much fucked out.  I just laid there
on the pool table in a puddle of cum.  After resting a few minute, I tried to
get up but was quickly pushed back down.   It was the large guy I had insulted
earlier.  "We're not quite done with you yet."  He said with an evil grin.  
Behind him everyone was talking in hushed tones and I could see money changing
hands.  He announced that they had a bet to see how many pool balls they could
fit in my body.  Whoever picked the right number, would win the $200 pot.   I
knew I had to get out of here before they stretched out my pussy and ass.   I
jumped off the table and tried to make a run for the door.  My legs failed me
and I fell in a heap.  From the alcohol and constant fucking,  I was too sore to
move. 

They easily lifted me back on the table and tied my legs over my head.   At this
point I was too tired to struggle anymore.   I could only watch as they
approached with a tray of billiard balls.   My pussy and ass were leaking gobs
of cum as he pushed the first ball into my cunt.  Using a pool cue, he pushed it
in as deep as it would go.  I had the strange sensation of being filled as I was
never filled before.   He lined up the second ball at my ass.  I struggled as
hard as I could, there was no way I was going to let them put that in there.  
Two men near my head quickly grabbed my nipples and pinched hard.  Then they
started slapping my bruised tits, telling me to be still.  I screamed but
managed to keep my body still as I felt the ball press against my ass.  He
pressed harder and harder, but it seemed that it was just too big.  He continued
to increase the pressure, and I tried to relax, knowing that they weren't going
to give up.   Finally I felt my asshole start to open up.  It was agonizingly
slow and the ball inched its way in.  Finally it reached the half way point, and
I though I was going to be torn in two.  As he continued to push, my ass sucked
it in and I could feel it's coolness as my asshole closed around it.  A pool cue
was again used to push it deep inside.  My ass was still gaping wide open, so
they grabbed another ball and lined it up.  Instead of going slow, one of the
men made a fist and punched the ball, driving it past my sphincter and making a
clack sound as it hit the other ball in my ass.  They tried a third, but no
matter how hard they pushed, they couldn't get it in.  It would go about half
way, but then pop out.   They even had difficulty getting it into my cunt.  
Because of the ball sin my ass pressing against my cunt, it was almost too
tight.  They were persistent though, and shoved it deep inside with the pool cue
again.  They managed to get two more in, for a total of 6.  They all cheered as
2 of the men split the pot.  I've never been so full and felt like I was going
to burst.   One of them slapped me hard on my cunt, also hitting my clit and I
came like never before.  He told everyone to look at what  slut I was and he
kept slapping my clit and I kept cumming.  Soon I could hardly breath, and came
down from my most intense orgasm in months.  

I was still in a haze when I heard a bunch of people yelling.  Apparently
someone heard my screams and called the cops.  Most of the guys ran out the back
door in a panic.   The leader, picked me up and ran out the door too, throwing
my into the trunk of his car.  We drove for several minutes and finally stopped.  
I was quickly lifted out and dropped on the grass.   They ran back to their car
and sped off, throwing my purse at me as they left.   I groggily looked around
to see that I was on my front lawn.  I started to crawl to the steps, but
collapsed in exhaustion.  

I lied there for nearly an hour, when a tow truck pulled up.  I looked over to
see Julie hop out of the cab and blow a kiss to the driver as he took off.  As
soon as she saw me, lying there naked, she ran over to see if I was ok.   I
weakly said yes, and that I had the best and most torturous night of my life. 
She helped me to my feet and half carried me into the house.  As we crossed the
porch, a billiard ball fell from my cunt.   She was a bit surprised and I was a
but embarrassed.   "You'll have to tell me all about that one." She laughed.  
She helped me to the tub and I just laid down and soaked.  She also helped get
the balls out of my cunt, but I didn't have the strength to push the ones out of
my ass.   Sliding her hand into my over stretched cunt, and  pushed against the
balls in my ass and after an agonizing ordeal, we were able to get them out too. 

After that, I collapsed in the bed and slept for the next 16 hours.  I spent the
next 2 days in bed, recovering from my bruises and sore muscles. 

After a week I am feeling better but not ready to go looking for men. A night
with Julie would be just what the doctor ordered. Julie came over and we cooked
dinner and finished off a couple of bottles of wine. We headed to the bedroom
and got naked. I layed down on my back and Julie tied my arms and legs to the
bedposts. She went to my closet and took out our bag of toys. My pussy was wet
just thinking about her and the things she was going to do to me. She got on the
bed between my legs and started eating my pussy.

It had been a week since I has anything but my fingers in my pussy and I started
cumming right away. She had me cumming hard over and over. I was screaming and
begging her to eat me and make me cum more. She stopped and I opened my eyes and
looked down at her. My heart almost stopped when I saw 2 men standing in the
door.

"In here guys" one of them said. Before we knew what was happening, there were
10 men in my room. One of them picked up the bag and dumped it out on the floor.
"Look at all this shit they have for us to use on them." They grabbed Julie and
cuffed her hands around the bedpost so she couldn't get away. I feel hands all
over my body. My nipples being pinched and pulled. Fingers being shoved in and
out of my pussy. My face is slapped hard and one of them says "Suck my cock
while we decide what to do to you slut."

I take the cock and suck it hard. Not wanting to make them mad again. He grabs
my hair and face fucks me hard. I pinching on my nipples increases and I realize
they have put my nipples clips on them. One of the pulls one the chain and trys
to pull them off. I scream the best I can with a cock in my mouth but get my
face slapped again and the cock is shoved down my throat. I hear Julie begging
them to lube her ass and know they are tearing her ass apart with their cocks. I
get a load of cum down my throat but before I can take a deep breathe another
cock is shoved in. I feel pain on my pussy as one of them whips me with my
flogger. They use me like this for a while. Julie has stopped begging and is
just screaming. After 3 more loads of cum they stop. They untie me and turn me
across the bed. They throw Julie on the bed and tie us both up next to each
other. Both of us have our heads hanging over the side and our legs spread wide
open. I noticed that Julie had clips on her nipples too. I hear them making bets
about which one of us can make them cum faster.

They tell us that the one that makes 5 guys cum first gets a prize. A cock is
shoved down my throat and the chain on my nipple clips is yanked hard. He pounds
his cock in and out of my throat fast and hard. I hear Julie gagging and know
she is getting the same treatment. Again my pussy is getting flogged and I can
hear a flogger hitting Julie too. One of them starts beating the under side on
my tits with my riding crop as the guy throat fucking me pulls my tits up with
the chain. He cums and the next guy starts on my throat. Finally I get my 5th
guy and I try to suck him off so I won't lose their contest. Before he cums, I
hear some of them cheering. He slaps my face hard over and over.

"You lost for us you bitch" he yells at me "You will be punished for that later
but now we have a new contest for you sluts." They untie us and make us kneel on
the edge of the bed. They tie a rope to the chain on the nipple clips and pull
it between our legs and tie it to the bed frame. I hear a loud smack and Julie
screams. Before I can look at her I feel my ass get smacked hard. "Here's the
contest sluts. We are going to beat your ass's with these nice hard paddles. The
first one to pull the clips off her nipples loses." The guys that throat fucked
me are working on Julie and her guys are using me. Each time they hit me, I move
forward and my nipples are pulled hard. I am determined to win this time and
take all the have to give. They beat my ass harder and harder. I can feel my ass
getting warm and I know it is bright red and glowing. Each time they hit me, I
push my ass back and wait for the next one. Just as I am about to give up, I
hear Julie scream and fall on the bed. I am happy that I won but I am worried
about Julie. She has always been the dom and I am the sub. I'm not sure if she
can take all of this. I relax and wait for them to untie me. Just then one of
them pushes hard on my ass and makes me fall on the bed.

 The clips are ripped off my nipples as I collapse on the bed next to Julie.
"Well sluts, it looks like we have a tie. I guess we will have to come up with a
tie breaker." They drag us both off the bed by our hair. They cuff our hands
behind our backs and blindfold us. I hear them talking but can't tell what they
are saying. Suddenly, I feel a ball gag being shove in my mouth and tied behind
my head. I'm sure that Julie is getting the same. They pick me up and carry me
outside and again I am thrown into the trunk of a car. I try to move but Julie
lands on me and the trunk is closed. The car drives off.




****************  3  **************************

Lying in the trunk of the car,  julie's hands find mine.  She grips me tight.  I
know she must be scared. I try to reassure her, but can's communicate through
the gag. All I can do is hold her hands as we bounce along the bumpy road. 

After a few hours, the car finally slows.  The bumps are increasing and it
sounds like we're on a gravel road.  A few more minutes of this and we stop.  We
must be at our destination as I hear the doors open and footsteps  around.  Soon
enough, the sunlight blinds us as the trunk is opened.   We seem to be in the
middle of some woods.  The only sign of civilization is a rustic cabin and a
small shed behind it.

Two of the men quickly dragged us over to the house and tied us to the railing,
bent over at the waist.  After our arms and legs were secured, the leader
crouched down so he was even with our faces.  As someone else began to whip our
asses, he removed our gags.  Before we even had a chance to scream, he grabbed
our hair and made sure we were listening. 

"We're hundreds of miles from anywhere so don't even think of running.  Besides,
if we don't catch you, the bears certainly will."

He left to go into the house, as 2 men took positions behind us and impaled us
with their cocks.   My eyes were closed tight as they brutally rammed their
cocks in and out.  Julie was whimpering a little and I saw tears in her eyes as
I looked over.  She caught my eye and glared at me. 

"This is all your fault!" she hissed.  "If you weren't such a slut, we wouldn't
be in this mess. As soon as we get out of this, I'm going to whip you like never
before."

Apparently one off the men head what she said and pulled out.   "That sounds
interesting." He said.

He untied her and held her by the hair.  "Here's the deal.  I want to watch you
abuse your friend here.  If you do a good job, you get to sleep in a bed
tonight."




************  4  **************

I tried to turn my head to see Julie's reaction to the offer but the guy fucking
my mouth grabbed my hair and pulled my head up. He slapped my face and told me
not to look and fucked me harder. He fucked me a few more times then stepped
back. The whip hit my ass again and again. Each stroke was harder than the one
before. I wasn't sure who was whipping me until the 2 guys stepped in front of
me.

The whipping continued on my back and ass and legs. My best friend was abusing
me so she could sleep in a bed. The guys took turns holding my head and throat
fucking me while Julie whipped me. Finally she stopped. I hoped she was going to
tell them that she didn't want to abuse me anymore but I was wrong. She kicked
my foot and said "Spread your legs bitch." I spread my legs as far apart as I
could and she started whipping my pussy. At first she was just giving my pussy
one hard stroke at a time but soon she started whipping as hard and fast as she
could. I was trying to scream from the pain but couldn't with my throat full of
cock. She stopped again. I could see the 2 guys smile and I was afraid what she
was going to do next.

I felt her fingers rubbing my asshole and I knew what see was going to do for
them. She pushed 2 then 3 then 4 finger in my ass. She worked them in and out
then pushed her fist up my asshole. The pain was unreal. It hurt so bad I almost
passed out. Julie had fist fucked my asshole many times before but never without
lube. I thought she was going to tear my asshole apart. I couldn't believe that
my best friend was doing this to me. Thankfully, my slutty asshole opened up and
the fisting didn't hurt as much. Julie pounded my asshole hard. Sometimes taking
her fist out and punching it back in deeper. The 2 guys keep throat fucking me
until they both came down my throat. Julie stopped and told them to turn me
around so she could use my tits for a punching bag but the guys told her so had
abused me enough for now.

Julie gave me a wicked look as she followed the guys into the house. It wasn't
long before I heard a scream and the guys laughing.  Julie say "No. Please
don't. I did what you asked." "Sure, you'll sleep in a bed tonight, after we
have some fun, unless you want to join your friend outside?" one of them said. I
heard the whip hitting Julie and heard her screaming. I was glad the bitch was
getting it too.

As night fell, I could still hear her whimpering as the men fucked her.  I knew
I wouldn't get much sleep still tied to the rail, but I tried to relax and block
the sounds out of my mind.   Occasionally one of the men would come out to play
with me, but they were too drunk to do anything.  I was just about to fall
asleep when one of them shoved his cock into my mouth.   I could taste Julie. 
He was pretty soft, but I still sucked him as best I could.  I was so tired, it
was almost like a dream. 

I awoke to warm water on my face.  Somehow I managed to fall asleep.  As I
opened my eyes, I could see the men circled around me, PEEING on me.  I
immediately closed my eyes and held my head down.  Someone grabbed my hair and
ordered me to open my mouth.  A sharp slap across me face convinced my to
comply.  He stuck his soft cock in my mouth and continued the hot stream.  I
gagged a little, but he held me tight., not letting a drop escape.

When they finally stopped, I opened my eyes to see them dragging Julie out.  Her
hands were tied and her legs hobbled.  They gave her the garden hose and told
her to clean me up.   I timidly looked up at her , she had some nasty bruises
all over her body.   She looked a bit shaky and shivering in the morning chill
but quickly sprayed the hose all over me.   After several minutes of cold water,
I was freezing and shivering.  Two of the men dragged her back inside as the
other two untied me.  When I got in, they had her tied, bent over the table. 
They put a towel around me and handed me a crop. 

"Now is your chance for a little revenge."  The led me over to her and told me
to warm her ass up.   I hesitated a little, but with every step I took, my ass
would throb from her reaming the day before.  Soon I was swinging like crazy as
her as went from pink to bright red. 

One of the guys laid down on the floor, as two others lifted Julie off the table
and forced her to straddle his hard cock.  She let out a sexy little moan as she
was impaled to the hilt.   She instinctively started bobbing up and down on his
cock as the men led me over to kneel in front of her.  As she was getting into a
rhythm, one of the men said,
"Yesterday, she wanted to use your tits as a punching bag, but we thing you
should get the first shot."   I hesitated a little.  Her hands were still tied
behind her back, but I was mesmerized by her bouncing boobs.   As I looked up
towards her face, out eyes met.  She had a commanding  glare in her eye, and I
immediately felt very submissive.   I told the men that I couldn't hit her.

That earned me a slap across my tits.  He grabbed my arm and forced my to slap
her tits as she whimpered a little.  After a few minutes, he stopped guiding my
hand and I was doing it by myself.  I was a little surprised but I couldn't seem
to stop.   I slapped them til they were pink, then started punching, digging my
fist in and twisting.  This drove the men wild and soon I found myself bent over
the table and getting a cock up my cunt as well.

The next hour was a bit of a blur as all of the men took a turn with each of us.  
As we rested on the floor, they told us to make some breakfast.  Two men left,
and the others showed us to the kitchen.  We fried some eggs and bacon, and
fixed some toast.  When we finished, we each had speckled burns from the
splatter of grease.  As we brought the food out, there was no one there. 
Apparently they had all gone out somewhere.  We looked out the windows and
couldn't see anyone.  Could they have abandoned us?  Can we escape?  We quickly
grabbed out panties and dashed out the front door. 




**************  5  *************

Suddenly the hatred that was building between us had vanished and we were again
a team. We ran to the car hoping they left the keys in it but no such luck. We
looked around quietly trying to find out where the men went so we knew which way
to run. We walked around the house and slowly approached the shed. We walked
around the back and saw a window. We tried to peek through the window but is was
covered on the inside. We could hear the men inside and decided to take off
while we had the chance. Our only hope was that we could find someone before
night. We wanted to try to find some of our clothes and headed back to the
house. As we walked around the corner of the shed, 2 of the men were waiting for
us. They grabbed us and dragged us into the shed or what we thought was a shed.
It looked like a shed from the outside but on the inside it was a torture
chamber. As soon as Julie saw it she started crying and begging them not to kill
us. One of them slapped her face and told her to stop but she didn't. He picked
up a ball gag and put it in her mouth and tied it tight. Then he put one on me.
"Now we will give you sluts something to really scream about." he said. They
pushed us down on the floor in the center of the room and lowered 2 chains from
the ceiling. They put a spreader bar on each of us and hooked the chains to
them. They cranked the chains back up and we were both hanging upside down. Each
of the men picked up a flogger and they started beating us. Most of the beating
on our tits and pussys. They were laughing and telling us that we were their
slaves and that they were going to torture us more than they had ever tortured
any of the other sluts they brought there. They all abused us for quite a while
then one of the men went to the house and came back with the food we had made
for them. They took turns using us one at a time while the others eat. When they
finished eating, one of them said "Let the torture begin." I could see the fear
in Julie's eyes and I'm sure I had the same look in mine. Two of the men came
over to us and grabbed our tits. They each had ice cubes in their hands to make
our nipples hard. They turned us so we were facing each other and pushed us
close to each other and held us there. They put a nipple clip on my right nipple
and the other on Julie's left nipple with a short chain between them. They did
the same with our other nipples. They tightened the clips and I could feel the
teeth digging into my nipples. They let go of us and our nipples were stretched
out some much I thought my nipples were going to be ripped off. They all started
whipping and beating us again. Each time one of us got hit and moved from the
pain, it pulled hard on our nipples. They abused us like this until they got
bored. They all sat back and drank beer for a while. Watching us hanging from
the ceiling and trying not to move. One of them put his foot on my ass and gave
me a hard push. This made us start swinging around and pulled even harder on our
sore nipples. Each time the swinging slowed down, one of them would push on us
and make it start again. One of them took another set of clips and put them on
our clits and gave us a big push. The pain was so intense that I passed out. I
don't think I was out very long because they threw cold water on my face. I
looked at Julie and guessed she must have passed out too from the water on her
face. "It's no fun torturing you sluts if we can't watch you suffer." one of
them said. They took the clip off of your pussys and whipped them hard with
riding crops. Then they hooked some weights to the chains on the nipple clips
and our tits were pulled down hard. I felt a burning on my tits and looked up to
see 2 of the men standing over me dripping hot wax on them. Of course Julie was
getting the same treatment. They covered our tits with the hot wax but what hurt
the most was the metal nipples clips. The more they dripped on us the hotter the
metal got until it was burning our nipples. They moved up and started dripping
the wax on our pussys. Again the pain got so intense that I passed out.


Comments and plot ideas welcome.  Drop me a line at double8008@yahoo.com,   or
send a nasty comment to my muse, backdoorsteph@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dmatt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





