BDSM Library - Evolution/Revolution




Evolution/Revolution
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman leads her fiance and later her niece into world of BDSM and slavery.
Evolution/Revolution

There are many trails leading to the pinnacle of mutual trust. It does not
matter how you and the ones you love get there. It matters only that you arrived
with sameness of mind and an eager willingness to take the next unknown steps,
together.

This is the story of three people, their transformation and trusting evolution
uncovering the ultimate loving sexual truth that.... I am you and you are me.

Laura was the only child of an upper middle class Rhode Island couple. 
Competing Insurance companies employed her parents.

Steffani is Laura's aunt, her mother's younger sister.

David is Steffani's fiance.




Evolution/Revolution
Chapter I

When fourteen-year-old Laura accidentally discovered her mother naked and asleep
in the arms of another woman, no amount of pleading, bribing, or threats could
stop her from informing her father. 

Her Dad had moved out within a week. One year later he had taken a promotion and
moved to the West Coast. Her father called sporadically and visited less. That
bond, unique to mother/son and father/daughter was fast dissolving.

All her life she had watched as her mother served and catered to her father's
needs and whims. She resented her for destroying their family almost as much as
she missed her father. Laura vowed to never allow this to happen to her family.

Her parents were officially divorced the day after Laura's fifteenth birthday.
Her mother bought a very comfortable three bedroom condominium near twenty-six
year old Aunt Steffanie.

Annie, as she was called, with the high cheekbones and big brown eyes wore her
floppy, raven hair short. Short hair accentuated her face and model's neck. The
athletic muscular legs, developed in years of playing soccer, held up a five
foot eight inch slender frame. Men looked and looked again.  
  
Head held high Annie walked with a quick, graceful confidence, catlike.  Annie
would not just come up to you; she presented herself. She appeared to have
everywhere to go and no time to get there. Most people say Annie is beautiful. 
Some say Laura reminds them of her Aunt Annie.

Laura's mother traveled four to five days on business every other week visiting
branch offices throughout the United States.  Laura gladly stayed with Annie
when her mother was away.

Laura and Annie were friends and became confidants sharing thoughts, desires,
and secrets.  Not like aunt and niece, more like close siblings, twins.... Or
lovers.

During one of her sister's business trips, Annie as she frequently did, invited
David over for the evening. Tonight would be a night of mind-blowing sex or it's
a fuck our lights out night as Annie was fond of saying.

As planned, Laura was to feign an early to sleep role. Tonight, Annie had
allowed Laura, after much discussion, to peek in through the open bedroom door.

Laura watched at Annie's devout attention to David's cock. Much like that of a
baby at its mother's breast, hunting, stalking, feeding and protecting. 

She watched Aunt Annie take David's cock into her mouth and eventually into her
throat. Downward, her mouth warmed and lubricated, her tongue leading and
performing as a shoehorn.  Upward, her tongue trailing, forcefully collecting
his pre-cum juices for harvesting.

Laura listened to the sounds of David's pleasure mix with her own nervous
heartbeat building toward a cry for physical release. Her cries were silent.
Hopefully, in the privacy of her room an orgasm would bring pleasure.

David's pleas were demands,  " I am cumming now Annie! I am going to cum again.
Take it now, Annie.  Now! All of it."

Annie calmly said, "No, David. You will not cum. Your cum is mine, but I do not
want it just yet.  Hold my cum for me.  Keep my cum inside these beautiful
swollen balls.  Please, David hold it for us." With Annie firmly squeezing the
base of his throbbing cock simply with her thumb and two fingers, he did as
requested.

Annie slid upward covering David's reclining body with hers. Kissing him
tenderly she unselfishly shared the last gathering of his pre-cum.... Her award
to him for letting her love him.

Lacing her fingers in his hair and gliding forward onto her knees she
alternately lowered each breast for him to suckle. Capturing his thighs with her
shins, his balls were collected between the inside soles of her feet. Leaning
forward with her upper body, feet slightly stretching his balls upward she
whispered, "Tell me what I need to hear, please".

Cum for me Annie, cum for me.  I want you to cum for me. He said exactly what he
thought she wanted to hear. He was wrong and now he had to be corrected. David's
penalty would be a hard selfish orgasm and nothing more, for now.

David, I want my cum now! Releasing his hair and confined balls, Annie sat
upright and guided the tip of his cock to her wet pussy. Keeping his thighs
confined with her shins and his wrists now penned with her hands, she placed her
head under David's chin. Arching her back she pressed increasingly forward with
her head and down with her hips with each of his feeble thrusts. 

In time, Annie's cunt captured his long thin curved cock while her head and body
defeated his every attempt at movement. David, I am going to take my cum now. 
David had no choice. Pubic bone against pubic bone, hips rocking, Annie milked
most of her cum from David's cock.

She wanted David to someday discover how to achieve ecstasy with his sexual
pleasure, but she knew he was not ready, yet. She could only guide and lead. 
That is what you do for those you love, if they are willing... or trainable. 

In his arms, legs entwined, feeling his breath on her neck, she wondered, I am
you. Will you ever be me?




Evolution/Revolution
Chapter II

Annie calmly said, "No, David. You will not cum. Your cum is mine, but I do not
want it just yet.  Hold my cum for me.  Keep my cum inside these beautiful
swollen balls.  Please, David hold it for us." With Annie firmly squeezing the
base of his throbbing cock simply with her thumb and two fingers, he did as
requested.

This was indelibly etched in Laura's mind and she could no longer watch. She
needed her own pleasure release for all that was building inside her. She needed
to touch her pussy, rub her breasts and massage her clit. Masturbating would do
that, she hoped.

Laura climbed into the middle of her bed.  On her knees, ass pointed to the
ceiling, she rubbed with the palm of her left hand spreading her dripping juice
over her pussy.  She loved the contrast of her juice lubricating like oil, yet
sticky like an adhesive.

Seeing Annie totally control David's cock and his desires made her so envious.
She had an image in her mind.  The image that she was Annie fucking David.

With her right hand she cupped her peach sized left breast and held it for
David's mouth as she imagined Annie would.  She let her middle finger work in
her pussy making sure her thumb and forefinger exposed and rubbed her clit. 
Just like Annie had taught her.

Pulling and rubbing her nipple made it firmer for David.  The harder she
squeezed, the more her clit grew. The more her clit filled with blood the longer
and more severe she squeezed her nipple. She discovered a direct line to a
fabulously pulsating clit.

Her middle finger was David's cock. She would let David cum. With her thumb and
forefinger grasping at her clit she started down the path of the unknown. Her
clit was now her cock. Her thumb and finger were Annie's pussy. She was fucking
Annie.  Annie would cum for her, too.

Laura lay face down enjoying the irregular orgasmic waves as they originated,
built, and flowed to her pussy.  Her clit was the gatekeeper, dividing the
surges, sending a charge to every nerve in her body. Cresting in her toes and
brain the waves returned home, drifting in to be collected and released, again
and again.

Laura did not know which she wanted more.  The tranquility this orgasm was
bringing or the electricity of a new one. Laura said, cum for me David, cum for
me Annie. They continued filling her palm with juice of her first unrestrained
orgasm.




Evolution/Revolution
Chapter III

In his arms, legs entwined, feeling his breath on her neck, Annie wondered I am
you. Will you ever be me?

Ordinarily, after he ejaculated she would keep him floating upward.  He
responded best to her tenderly sucking his nipples in unison with firmly
squeezing his balls, then altering to caressing his balls and biting his
nipples. After four or five times he would be semi-hard again fighting the
conflict to stay high or wanting to cum again.

Since David's punishment was to be a selfish orgasm, Annie let this one seek
it's own level.  The level was profound intensity, diluted too quickly.

As David's orgasm melted away he wanted to cum again.  Each time he and Annie
have sex his orgasms become more fierce and shorter while hers have come with
less frequency. He just had a paralyzing orgasm. His body drained, but now his
heart begged for more. She lies in his arms satisfied.

While she was sucking him, he was thinking of the taste of her pussy and the
texture of her cunt juice in his mouth on his tongue and chin.  Nibbling at her
clit she would eventually cum, followed by the giggles and a big smile.  These
were the thoughts he focussed on to delay shooting his load. He wanted her to
cum, too.  To experience what he feels.  He had told her so, when she asked, had
he not?

Instead, it was as if she knew his thoughts and acted contradictory to his
words.  She took his cum from him claiming it as her own.  Similar to his
discovering masturbation as a youngster and fantasizing being held captive by
two beautiful women.  They took his cum.

Just like the time in the sixth grade when his older sister's girlfriend fucked
him.  He had no idea what to do then, so she took his cum.

David did not know what was missing, but he knew he wanted something more.  He
loved Annie. She would help. After all, she knew more about him than he knew
about himself.

Annie knew his selfish orgasm was collecting its toll. She hoped it would, as
planned. She smiled and silently giggled. Leaving David with his thoughts and
the sleep seeking remnants of his orgasm she slipped from their bed.

She said, back in a few.  Grabbing a hot bath and peeking in on Laura.




Evolution/Revolution
Chapter IV

Laura did not know which she wanted more.  The tranquility this orgasm was
bringing or the electricity of a new one. Laura said, cum for me David, cum for
me Annie. They continued filling her palm with the juices from her first
unrestrained orgasm.

Annie listened and waited. Waited until the gatekeeper welcomed Laura's last
ebbing ripple home. Waited until Laura had finished fucking her and David. 

Stepping forward, Annie bumped the door to draw attention and to not startle.
Laura's face was flushed from excitement, embarrassment perhaps. She needed to
be held. Annie needed to be held.  Annie wished she were Laura.

Annie took Laura in her arms, kissing her forehead and stroking her hair.  She
whispered, I heard my little one.  I heard. You wanted David and I to cum for
you. Thank you, Laura. Tell me. Please.

In detail, Laura repeated the visions and sounds of Annie and David fucking and
how their control and lack of control had stirred her into a sexual frenzy. The
peculiar pain/pleasure connection between her nipples and clit made her sigh, Oh
my god, Aunt Annie! 

I was you and I was David. I wanted to make the three of us cum, but I did not
want to stop fucking.  Is that wrong, Aunt Annie?

No, it is not wrong. Wanting someone else to have pleasure can never be wrong
little one. It is a necessity. But there is so much more.  Do you want more,
little one?  Would you like more?

Yes, oh fuck yes.  I have to cum again. Just like now.

You will never have another orgasm like the one you just experienced. It is
forever gone. You may have similar ones that seem equally gratifying.  They are
not.  In time they will wane, but never vanish.  Imposters who spread comfort
disguised as contentment.

Do not deceive yourself, Laura.  Trust me, you will require more.

With the back of her hand, Annie brushed the hair from Laura's face to kiss her
eyebrow. Wanting someone else to experience pleasure is wonderful.  But, when
you realize that someone else feeling pleasure brings you as much satisfaction
as if you experienced it yourself, this is better yet.

Do you understand, Laura?

I am not sure, Annie.

We can talk about this another day, if you choose.  It is time for you to sleep
now.  Rising, Annie's tongue brushed Laura's upper lip.  She whispered, I am so
happy you wanted us to fuck.  Thank you little one. Dream a sweet dream.

It was time for a hot bath and to think and to plan.




Evolution/Revolution
Chapter V

She said, back in a few.  Grabbing a hot bath and peeking in on Laura.

Then where is she, David thought?  Time has surely passed.  No way could he have
had all these thoughts in a few seconds.  It seemed like hours since she left to
peek in and bathe. The beginning sounds of a tub filling with water. Maybe it
was just minutes that had slipped away.

He wanted to tell Annie what he had been thinking, feeling, and now wondering. 
They had to talk and now is the time. 

Walking through the bathroom door he found Annie submerged in bubbles, head
reclining on a small red pillow, feet elevated on tub's ledge sipping a glass of
red wine.  She said, David we have to talk. 

Yes. Yes we do. You or me first, David said.

It does not matter.  We will both say the same thing using different words and
arrive at the same conclusion, eventually.  Your barriers are mine and my demons
are yours. I know your hurdles, David. Do you know mine? Do you want to know
mine?

Pointing a finger at him stopped him from guessing or telling a lie.

She told him how she had led and convinced Laura to watch them fuck and of
Laura's orgasm pretending she was fucking both him and her. David smiled and
frowned hearing this. She did not yet know which concept produced which emotion.
Perhaps, all were entwined.  She did intend to find out.

She told him she was preparing to take a step into the unknown. That it was not
one of those hocus-pocus, bullshit, off to find myself pretend journeys. She
told him she knew exactly what she was, what she wanted and how to get it.  It
was time for the next level and she was going to it, starting now. She asked him
to think about coming with her.

He knew not where this would lead him, but he trusted her.  There was nothing he
would not do for this woman.  He agreed without thinking.
What can I do to help you, myself and us Annie?

Momentarily pausing, but without hesitancy, she said, I want to relax here in
the tub letting the soap and bubbles cleanse me.  Cleanse your pussy, the pussy
I hold for you.  Cleansing me of my cum, the cum you held for me.  And then..

Then I want to watch you cum, Annie said.  I want you to look in my eyes and
watch me watch you cum.  Do it here and now, David or leave.  If you choose to
leave, I may not allow you to return.

Ear bursting silence then David said, Yes, Annie I will do it for you.

Allow me to have the gratification of seeing your pleasure this one time. 
Delight in shooting your load, for my pleasure. Eventually, you will want more
of both.  Trust me, David.

I do trust you Annie and I will cum for your pleasure.

You will not tonight, but you will in time, she silently thought. Not tonight.

He sat on the ledge next to Annie's feet with one foot in the water and one on
the carpet and began stroking his cock.  Slowly, he twisted his hand up and down
his dick never taking his eyes from Annie.  She watched as his cock began to
grow. Getting firmer and longer.

She watched him approach the uncontrollable edge and then retreat.  Closer and
closer he went, but never reaching the drop off to no return.  Seconds seemed
like minutes, minutes passed like hours.

He reached to touch Annie's foot.  She moved her foot away.  Concentrate on
pumping your cock, David.  Jack it off faster.  Please me, David.  Do it.  Shoot
it. Hurry, faster, let me have it.

I want to fuck you, Annie. 

I will not take cum from you again.  Give it to me freely when I want it or not
at all.  That is my cum, David.  You just hold it for me.  Give it to me when I
want it and how I want it and I want it now.  

Losing his erection, he said I am sorry.  I want to cum for you, but I want to
cum inside you. Help me, Annie. Fuck me.

You do not yet trust me, sweetheart, she said.  You tried.  Everything will be
ok.

So that you know, I would have been with you all the way. I would have funneled
your spilling seeds into the wineglass. I would have finger dipped the floating
cum and fed you as you would have for me. I would have lapped cum cocktail from
your navel.  You could have tasted wine and pussy juice from the cunt I hold for
you.  And watched my face as I orgasmed for you. 

But, you did not trust me.  See what you missed? Stepping from the tub, Annie
said.  Wait for me in the bedroom, David.  Lie down, concentrate and imagine
what could have been. I will be in as soon as I towel off.

Head bowed he retreated toward the bedroom.

Oh, and David she said. It would please me if you had a hard-on when I get
there.




Evolution/Revolution
Chapter VI


I know.  We can talk about this another day, if you want. Rising, Annie's tongue
briefly brushed Laura's upper lip.  She whispered, I am so happy you wanted us
to fuck.  Thank you little one. It is time for you to sleep now.  Dream a sweet
dream.

Laura reached for her gown, but decided sleeping naked would be better tonight.
Clean crisp sheets on one side and a fuzzy blanket on the other made for a nice
contrast.

She pulled the blanket to her chin folding it once to barely cover her breasts,
letting her contented mind wander and wonder. Then one more fold because she
enjoyed looking at her titties.  Small firm tits crowned with big beautiful
nipples. 

She frequently used the tips of her fingernail to scratch and flip her nipples,
counting how many it took until her nipples were hard.  How many more until they
became too sensitive.  Then she always added one more. Her one mores was now up
to twenty before she would permit herself to stop.  Doing this made her hot
pussy wetter. She liked doing this a lot.

She wondered if this was what Annie meant when she spoke of fading orgasms,
impostors, and craving more.  Her one mores had evolved to twenty and counting.
She would ask the next time they had a girl to girl talk.

But nothing before was remotely comparable to tonight's unforgettable beyond
belief orgasm. Imagining fucking David and Annie while squeezing, stretching,
and pinching her nipples hard sent wave after wave of pleasure to her clit. Oh
my god!  Was that ever good? Yes, yes, yes.

She decided against crossing her arms, cupping her breasts and playing with her
nipples. Feeling warm fingers surveying the boundary of her pubic hair felt
good, too.

From somewhere deep inside her pussy, a tingling sensation took place as she
casually smoothed the skin with her thumbs, inches above the pubic bone.  It was
a mirror image of where she touched only in reverse.  The lighter she pressed
the better it felt.  Totally opposite to what was needed for her nipple and clit
connection. The payoffs were a soothing tingle in contrast to an epidemic of
arousal.  The calm after the storm.

Laura fell asleep with her right hand resting between her legs, thumb an inch or
so above and her left hand covering her breast.




Evolution/Revolution
Chapter VII

Oh, and David she said. It would please me if you had a hard-on when I get
there.

He found this to be quite easy.  Closing his eyes, with fingertips he began to
touch and rub the vein at the underside of his cock.  Slowly, from the base to
the head and back down.

The memory of what could have been and anticipation of what was to come
immediately directed his cock into a three-dimensional erection. The shaft
extended upward seeking a new limit, the foreskin of his uncircumcised cock
pulled down, as the mushroomed head ballooned and sought an expanding boundary.

An imposing hard-on for Annie, as requested.  He knew to not touch his cock
again until she arrived.  One more stroke, maybe two and he would be shooting
her cum everywhere. He had prepared well.  She would be so pleased.

Annie, appearing unannounced at bedside said, sweetheart I am so pleased.  You
have done well, as I expected you would. Slithering into bed, she lowered her
head to the shaft of his cock.  Kissing it with love, holding and pressing it
against her face she said, can you sense my pleasure, David?

Yes, he said and he could.  He felt an understanding calmness radiating from
Annie to him.  His cock hardened and grew even more, cycling satisfaction back
to Annie.

David, I have one more thing to ask of you tonight.  May I?

Yes, anything Annie.  Anything you want at all.

I want to sleep through the night, tonight, with you hard inside me. I have
always wanted to do this. To drift away feeling your cock deep inside me, hard
against my cunt walls. Can I do that for you, David?  May I give you my
pleasure?

Yes, Annie.  Be my pleasure.

You are so kind to me, thank you, David. I promise to keep you hard as long as I
can, but you will have to help me.  I may not yet have the willpower I need to
not take my cum from you.  I need your help to see this does not occur.  I
cannot take my cum until I have earned it and you are ready to give it to me.

Yes, Annie.  I will help.  We will do it for you, for me, for us.  I want it,
too.  His cock was throbbing wanting to shoot, but was overruled by new desires.

Needlessly, to lubricate his cock or her cunt Annie expertly shoehorned his rod
all the way into her throat in two steps, exposing it dripping with her saliva
on the lazy returning trip.

It has been a long eventful day we need our rest. Inside me now, David please,
she asked and ordered.

Turning to their favorite reclining doggy position, legs and arms moving without
thought, they completed their bodies' jigsaw puzzle. David entered her pussy
from the rear to sleep inside Annie for the evening.

By degrees their bodies rotated in opposite directions until David was fully
inside. Captured, he was tethered to Annie with his cock. He could feel the
veins, ridges, and texture of her pussy walls. He wondered if she could feel his
exploring cock and what the feeling was like to her. If only he had a pussy for
Annie to enjoy, too.

Her pussy filled, she felt his thinly cushioned erection, solid and hard. The
swollen head lounged in her juices; sometimes touching her womb as his shaft
tried to fuse with her cunt.  Juices that gracefully washed over and down his
cock silently splashing his shrunken balls to drip onto her leg. 

Mentally and physically exhausted Annie fell asleep impaled and clutching the
hard on David bestowed.  She hoped some of her liquids seeped down the open
canal of his cock to mix and impregnate her pre-cum with his pussy juice.  She
dreamed her hopes... and more.




To be continued another day.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  J D Wilson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





