BDSM Library - Tales of the Crimson Succubus: Shackled in Perpetuity




Tales of the Crimson Succubus: Shackled in Perpetuity
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She-devil Crimson Succubus and her assistants teach submissive Nina the wonders of isolation and bondage.
Tales of the Crimson Succubus
Shackled in Perpetuity
by
Carmine

Crimson Succubus squatted before her thrall Nubian Nina. In an open palm dangled
a pair of iron manacles, fire treated so that the metal was strong and smooth.
Succubus placed a cheek against Nina's stomach. Bringing her free hand around to
cup the thrall's ample but supple bottom, Succubus drew her closer, the
she-devil's flesh burning Nina's mahogany skin. The slave gasped; in response,
Succubus moved her cheek downward, at last easing it into the moist and tender
crevice between well-muscled thighs.

Looking down, Nina licked her lips, smacking them as Succubus began to twist the
manacles from side to side. The thrall arched her back, and as her arms floated
upward, the thew lining her midsection constricted in intricate patterns.
Succubus turned her face inward, her lips resting against Nina's cleft.

"Oh, mistress!"

Succubus pulled away and grinned. Before Nina could react, the she-devil snapped
the manacles around the thrall's ankles. She then stood up and reached for
another pair. Nina stared at the irons. They were simple shackles, well
constructed with burnished bolts and what appeared to be a complex locking
mechanism. The chain between the anklets allowed her to stand akimbo but no
more. She surmised that she could hobble but that walking could present a
problem.

"Extend your arms and interlace your fingers."

The suddenness of Succubus' command startled Nina, so much so that as she obeyed
she also lifted her eyes, locking them temporarily on those burning orbs of her
mistress. As Succubus placed the armlets onto her wrists, she took notice of the
moment of indiscretion, and once the irons were secure, she withdrew several
steps and brought her open hand back.

"Forgive!"

The backhand almost took Nina to the ground, but she managed to stabilize her
seat-lined thighs and tighten her wondrous gut. Succubus' eyes continued to
blaze-their enflamed orbs scintillated like blood on glass-but rather than
strike again, the she-devil stepped forward and spread her leathery wings, which
in turn engulfed most of Nina's slender body.

"Remain still, darling," Succubus hissed.

From the she-devil's pliant lips emerged a long, trident-tipped tongue. The
asp-like appendage extended forward, at length coming into contact with Nina's
lower lip. There, the lingua fluttered like a butterfly in flight, its tip
wiping away several droplets of blood that had collected at the mouth's edge.
Nina fought to keep her own tongue in check.

"Delicate creature," Succubus crooned as she smacked her lips.

Into the alcove entered four brawny thralls. Two-by-two, the men carried a
massive hearth between them, the conveyance poles bending from its cumbrous
weight. Sweating profusely, the thralls placed the hearth in front of Nina then
closed a massive iron door behind them.

Succubus stood across the hearth, staring at its crackling coals. With silent
elegance she reached for a poker, which even now glowed red from intense heat.
Nina blinked her downcast eyes. When she had first come under the demon's
service, she had undergone an intricate branding ritual. Was she to change
owners?

"No branding for you, darling," Succubus said as if responding to the slave's
very thoughts. "At least not one of ownership. Something different, I would
think."

As Nina sat on her calves, Succubus began to stir the hearth's contents, making
the flames go higher and higher while the embers sparked and hissed. Driving the
rod deep into the emulsion, she twisted it round and round, bringing out other
colors, such as bright blue, scintillating yellow, and gelatinous black. Smoke
began to fill the tiny room.

"Remain here. Do not change position. Wait for me."

With that Succubus withdrew.

(

For uncounted hours Nina knelt before a hearth, her wrists and ankles manacled.
At first she rather enjoyed the bonds, particularly the ones on here wrists. The
iron felt cold, and as time passed, the metal became one with her body's heat.
She kept her forearms extended, making a game out of the shackles' ballast.
Sometime later, she abandoned the diversion, bringing her hands to her stomach,
but even then she could not escape their weight. Sweating profusely, the slave
ached for their removal, so she began to fidget, and at once she felt the weight
of the anklets, the tops of which had started to dig into the flesh and bone.

At twilight, the iron door opened and into the room stepped Lord Draco, one of
the Succubus' overseers. Tall and muscular, the man was dressed like an
executioner, his face obscured by a leather cowl from which escaped tresses of
waist-length hair. Two suicide straps were wrapped around his chest, holding up
a pair of loose-fitting synthetic pants lined with infinite rhinestones. On his
forearms he wore spiked bracelets.

Without fanfare Draco dropped to one knee and loosened the anklets. As he did
so, Nina placed her head on his shoulder, letting her hair tease his nose.

"Lord," she sighed licking her tongue. "Now the shackles about my wrist, in
exchange for any favor."

Draco stood up and placed a boot on Nina's left thigh. He then grabbed her
wrists and produced a silver key. Nina began to writhe like a snake expecting a
meal, but instead of loosening the wrist-irons, Draco tightened them, cutting
off much of the circulation in her tingling and numb hands.

"Lord?"

Draco clasped Nina's neck with his left hand, while with his right he unbuttoned
his trousers.

"The favor," he growled.

Eyes downcast, Nina reached out and lowered the man's pants, causing a thick
cock to spring out, its mushroom head bouncing up and down. Before Nina could
reach for his love-member, Draco pulled her in, squeezing her neck so that her
mouth opened wide. As she struggled to breathe, Draco shoved his cock into her,
driving it all the way down her throat. There he kept it for a moment or two,
and as he withdrew ever so slowly, he shot a glutinous load, the alabaster fluid
dribbling down the sides of her mouth.

"No water, so drink up."

And with that he left the room.

(

At dawn, Sable Agrate walked into the small chamber and found Nina asleep,
although she remained on her knees. As quietly as possible, the she-devil
removed the irons about the slave's ankles. Bringing her ebon wings into the
back of her body, Agrate sat down, crossed her legs like a Buddha ready for
meditation, and began to rub the thrall's left ankle.

With a start Nina opened her eyes. Her first instinct was to run, but she knew
well that if she moved then Crimson Succubus would enact an even more severe
form of punishment. So instead she took several spasmodic breaths, and as she
did so she came to realize that her legs had been freed.

"Poor little beast," whispered Agrate, her talons rubbing Nina's toes. "Succubus
is much too cruel, what with her notion that discipline and lust belong united.
Wantonness should be expressed freely, not with so much hubbub and crude
accouterments. What do you think, dear?"

Nina trembled, shivers coating her whole body. Agrate's words tasted like fine
wine and at a perfunctory level she let them intoxicate her soul. But deep
inside Nina accepted Crimson Succubus as her one and only mistress. She wore the
demon's brand on her neck. It was the sign of a fine heard. She was Galatea to
Pygmalion, for Succubus had molded her from lifeless ebony into a creature made
of flesh and bone. And so it was that Nina remained silent while the she-devil
continued to massage her ticklish foot.

Bored, Agrate gently put down the thrall's ankle, cracked her knuckles by
twisting her wrist several times, and locked her unusually long hand around
Nina's chin. With her free hand she clasped the slave's right wrist, easing her
middle finger under the shackles so that it pricked at the flesh beneath.

"Answer me."

The talon dug into the flesh. Several drops of blood emerged, one of them
dropping onto the stone floor. There it spattered, creating a wondrously
decadent pattern. Agrate admired the stain but soon turned her attention back to
Nina. Squeezing her chin, she forced the poor girl to look into her eyes.

"I will not ask again: answer me."

With her talons dug deep into Nina's chin, Agrate pulled her forward. While she
licked Nina's lips, the demon ran her middle finger along the girl's wrist,
creating a tiny gash that quickly filled with blood. Standing up, Agrate
wrenched Nina's wrists over the hearth. Several drops of blood fell onto the
coals. Smoke turned pitch black as the viscous fluid sizzled on fiery rocks.

Agrate pushed down, easing the girl's arms closer to the flames. Heat coated
tender forearms with a nice shade of red; tiny hairs curled at the intense
tepidity. Gooseflesh formed about her forehead and shoulders, turning curiously
cold as she began to shiver. She wanted very much to scream and run, but she
held firm, her quivers becoming inextricable spasms of anticipation as Agrate
pushed the arms even lower. Covered with perspiration, Nina closed her eyes,
calmed her breath, and waited.

"It seem I have my answer."

Agrate set the thrall loose, leaving the wrist shackles on, and exited the
chamber.

(

At midday, Nina's precious knees were covered with welts. She had been stalwart
in remaining motionless, at most moving her arms up and down or arching her
shoulders to relieve some the pressure on her lower back and thighs. When the
door opened, Nina held her breath. She was certain that yet another of her
mistress' minions would enter and like a feline use her like a ball of string.

Rays from the sun streaking about her cerise body, Crimson Succubus stood in the
entryway. She inspected her thrall, folded her wings, and snapped her tail
before walking into the room. Once inside, she dropped to one knee and
scrutinized Nina. Focusing the majority of her attention on her wrists and the
manacles that remained fixed and secure.

"Spurned all propositions, I see."

The she-devil brought her tail around and forced the barbed tip between the iron
cuffs and Nina's burning flesh. When Succubus rubbed the tail on the delicate
skin, Nina gasped, her back stiffening and her eyes growing wide. It took
everything she had left to stifle a shriek.

"Very good."

"Thank you, mistress," Nina said smirking with relief.

"Don't thank me yet, dear."

Succubus used her statuesque thighs to push herself up; concurrently, she
reached out with her left hand and clasped Nina's manacles. As she stood up, she
also wrenched the thrall upward. Succubus took several furtive steps back,
carefully moving around the still-burning hearth. She then pulled Nina's arms
over the cauldron-shaped vessel and without any forewarning brought the shackles
in direct contact with the fiery coals.

Nina screamed as the shackles seethed from the heat. The iron radiated
torridity, its emanations like lice jumping onto Nina's already damaged flesh.
Nina felt her legs buckle, but she knew that if she fell the top of her body
would succumb to the same fiery fate. So instead she used her upper canines and
incisors to dig into her lower lip, immediately drawing forth so much blood that
the thick fluid dripped down her chin, over her engorged breasts, and onto the
floor.

Succubus' impious heart rejoiced as Nina at last passed out from the pain. The
demon released her hold and allowed the thrall to fall to one side. Nina had
assimilated so much of the hearth's heat that the coals had grown lukewarm, with
the rocks on the periphery of the black cauldron actually having become cold.

"Wake up, beloved," Succubus said dropping to one knee and with a curved
fingernail gently tapping Nina's face. "Resume your duties."

Nina sat up. Succubus produced an elaborately carved passe-partout and removed
the shackles, letting them drop onto the ground. The thrall rubbed her wrists,
which had been permanently scarred from the manacles. The irons' outline was
perpetually etched into her skin.

"Oh, thank you, mistress!"

Succubus beamed and hugged her thrall. "Back to your chores, cherished one."

For two cycles of moons Nina continued to admire her immutable shackles, taking
particular pleasure when she would wash her hands or when she was allowed to
wear jewelry that accentuated her wrists.

Months later, during a particularly brutal snowstorm, Nina was tidying up the
Sanguinary Parlor in Succubus' citadel when she heard steps behind her. She
dropped to her knees and averted her gaze, staring at the carpet. Into the room
walked Crimson Succubus, a pair of ankle irons cradled in her left arm.

As Succubus began her tease-lecture, Nina felt an orgasm already building deep
inside. Many more would come as her ankles were subjected to the loving ways of
the Crimson Succubus.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Carmine


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





