BDSM Library - Pleasing Punishment




Pleasing Punishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mia isn't a very subbish sub and her Master decides it's time for her to make a decision either she is a sub or she's not.  He uses a pretty little blonde in front of her to make his point.
Pleasing Punishment

Mia had wanted dominance and submission included and the mainstay of their
relationship and was having a hard time holding up her end of the stick.  She
had agreed to tell him of her needs and desires and it was up to him to
determine when, if and how they would be met but she hadn't been telling him of
her needs.  Instead she was like a pot simmering threatening to erupt at any
moment.  She loved the new dimension of their relationship but she had not had
her metal put to the test.

"Ok, Mia" He said, "We need to figure out who is the Dom in this relationship. 
Is it you or is it me."  Said more like a statement than a question.   He
continued, "You have been breaking more than one rule.  One of which is you are
to communicate to me your needs and your feelings.  I am not a mind reader and
those provisions were put into our agreement for your well being.  Aside from
that rule, you agreed to submit to me and telling me 'No' is totally and
completely unacceptable.  The only way we are going to continue in this
relationship is by committing to the agreement to the best of both our abilities
which means YOU submitting to me.  In the future you WILL tell me when you need
more affection and attention, you will keep a daily journal of how your feeling
and it will be my responsibility to see how and when your needs are met." 

He considered his next statement briefly before continuing.  He needed to assert
his dominance, and had been in slowly increasing measures, halted and stuttered
by the inclusion of daily life and protecting his visiting children from the
adult dimension of their relationship but now it was time to advance..."Step
One:  There will be another joining us for this evening and there will be no
discussion of it.  This is your last chance, if you don't begin and continue
submitting from this point forward our agreement is null and void." 

She sat there in shocked silence.  She knew that one of his pleasures would be
tending to two submissives at once but never believed the reality would be
realized.  She felt somewhat sickened by the possibility but she loved him and
loved their relationship.  She wanted to be submissive but sometimes it was just
so damn hard.  The thought of any other type of relationship was a non-option as
far as she was concerned.  So she sat there with a sick feeling penetrating her
being, silent, knowing she would submit to his plan for the evening but she was
not liking it.

She loved the Dominance/submissive portion of their relationship.  She could do
with out the sado-masochistic aspect but this was a give and take.  She received
the part she enjoyed and gave the part she did not.

She fretted for most of the afternoon.  Sooner than she hoped,  it was about the
time her Master said His guest would be arriving.  She didn't ask who the guest
was or how he had met her.  She really didn't care.  She just wanted this
evening over with and the faster it came and went the happier she would be. 

There was a bit of a bright spot to the coming evening, she was a voyeur so she
knew she would enjoy the visual aspect of his involvement of another woman but
anything more than that she couldn't tolerate for very long.   She was in the
kitchen getting  a cocktail for her and her master when she heard the door bell
ring, and heard him get up to answer it.  Thank God, he didn't expect her to
greet his friend.  That would be just too much.  She looked over her appearance
briefly, trying to stifle her self-consciousness.   She didn't look too bad. 
She was wearing the leather harness they bought to seal their decision for a
lifestyle of D/s.  Her body was in decent shape.  For the first year of their
relationship she complained endlessly about her body so he decided to help her
opinion of herself by putting her on an exercise program to strengthen and tone
her body.  The results were starting to show and although she didn't look like
her goal she was feeling better about herself.

She took a deep breath, hoping to impart some courage into her bones, patted her
long blonde hair into place and checked her make-up insuring it was in perfect
order, took one last look at herself in the dining room mirror and made her way,
cocktails in hand, to the office. 

When she came to the office, she stopped at the door, momentarily startled at
the tiny little blonde seated in one of the lazy boys in front of his desk.  She
was adorable.  Mia scowled inwardly, she had been hoping the girl would have at
least one wart on her nose.  But this girl had no outward imperfections with
which Mia could console herself.  She put a small smile on her face and said,
"Hello. I'm Mia.  It's nice to meet you."  Mia was shocked at what a good acting
job she was doing. 

No one would have guessed that she would like to throw this miniature cupie-doll
face first out the door.  Silently thanking God for his face saving help, she
walked over to her Master and handed him his drink.  Then, turning to his guest
she inquired, "Can I get you something to drink?"  She was wondering why no one
had introduced them yet. 

As though reading her mind her Master spoke, "Mia meet Ursula."  Mia smiled
genuinely for the first time since learning of the evenings activities.  'Gotta
love that name.' She grinned to herself.  She wondered which of Cinderella's
wicked step-sister's this one was.  She stretched out her hand and greeted
Ursula. 

"It's a pleasure to meet you, UR-SU-LA."  Mia droned with much too much emphasis
on each sound.  The girl pleasantly met Mia's hand and smiled a greeting. 
Ursula said, "If it's not too much trouble a glass of wine would be nice."  Mia
smiled and hurriedly went to fetch UR-SU-LA a drink before her Master commented
on the snide manner in which Mia spoke the wench's name.  She heard her master
say, "Remove your clothes Ursula." She could hear laughter coming from the
office and felt her inside's begin to boil. She returned to the office to find
the pretty little snippet standing and removing her clothing in accordance with
her Master's directions.  Apparently no time was going to be wasted here. 

Mia wouldn't be required to remove her harness.  The harness exposed her breasts
and the leather thong he hadn't instructed her to remove. She had gotten so
accustomed to being naked that she didn't give a thought to greeting his guest
with her tit's exposed.  Most of the time that they were home alone he chose to
have her naked and she was beginning to like it.  As the girl was removing her
last vestiges of clothing Mia's Master came around from his desk to the lazy
boys positioned in front of it and led the new comer to His favorite item of
furnishing, His Chair. 

Mia jokingly referred to it as The Chair.  It looked like a piece of weight
lifting equipment until the cuffs and restraints were attached to it and it had
what seemed like a thousand positions of restraint.  He led the little beauty to
the chair and positioned her so that she was standing, leaning on the padded
portion of the top.  Then He fastened the cuffs securely to her wrists and
ankles then attached a belt to secure her to the chair.  Next, he came over to
Mia and led her to the chair positioning her on the other side of the chair in
the same fashion facing toward their guest their heads aligned and seeing past
each other. 

She heard from behind her the case opening which held all their BDSM gear.  He
pulled out a couple of vibrating bullets and approached the women.  He went to
Ursula first, crouching down so that his head was at the same height as her
pussy and He began to stroke and play with it until it was wet from her desire. 
Mia could hear Ursula moaning but could not see what her Master was doing to
induce the moans coming from his newest pet.  All she could see was the top of
his head.  Determining that her pussy was wet enough he slid the bullet into her
until it too was covered with the girls juices.  Once it was wet to His
satisfaction he removed it from her pussy and teased the bud of her ass with the
bullet until it too was begging for attention.  He slid the small vibrator in
her ass and turned it on.  The girls hips were gyrating begging for him to
continue his attention to her nether regions. 

Ignoring the dilation of her hips Master rose from his crouching position and
came to Mia's side of The Chair and repeated the same procedure on her.  After
sliding the bullet into Mia's ass he stood back to enjoy the view.  Mia saw a
smile of satisfaction on her Master's face.  Two women cuffed to his chair with
cords dangling from their asses....what a wonderful beginning indeed.  Next he
removed a small pleasure whip from the case and moved to where Ursula was
cuffed.  He began to warm up her ass cheeks rotating the whip until Ursula's ass
cheeks were straining to meet the whip.  Next he moved to a heavier whip and
continued the same process.  The girls ass was beginning to take on a beautiful
rosy tint to it.  He stopped whipping every so often to run his hands over the
pinking skin.  He ran his fingers up to her clit sliding them in and out of her
pussy stopping just short of orgasm.  Her moans signaling the imminence of
impending orgasm.  Mia watched with a mixture of lust and anticipation.  She
wanted to see her Master fuck this girl so badly she could taste it.  

Her Master came to Mia's side of the chair and did the same to her ass creating
a wonderful feeling of warmth with the pleasure whip.  When done right the
heavier whips bring the same feeling of pleasure even with a stronger bite, if
the skin is properly warmed there is only pleasure caused by the slight sting of
pain.  However once her Master had progressed to the heavier whip he didn't
immediately leave her side.  Instead, he put his right arm across her back to
hold her and began smacking her ass with his left hand, not stopping until he
had covered her entire ass many times.  As he moved away from her, Mia's ass had
a mind of it's own leaning toward him seeking more of the intense sensation he
had so recently provided.

He moved back to Ursula and pulled the small vibrator out of her ass.  Then he
went back to Mia and removed the cuffs from  her and led her from the chair.  He
positioned her in one of the lazy boys with a perfect view of Ursula still
restrained.  After her sat her down He said,  "Stay there and watch.  You are
not permitted to touch your pussy, just watch." 

OWWWW.  This was too much.  The ache in her pussy was incredible.   If left to
her own devices she would come over and over during the scene to come.  Master
moved back over to Ursula and stepped out of his clothes.  He took the pleasure
whip and began warming her ass yet again.  The girl was moaning and arching her
ass up seeking for the whip to contact her pussy lips.   Master began smacking
the girls pussy lips by bringing it upward from the floor.  Mia could see the
girls legs shudder and twitch with each contact of the whip.  Master stopped
whipping her pussy for a moment and began to rub his finger's all over the soft
flesh of her lips satisfied with the juice flowing from the little sub.  His
fingers began to invade her pussy and the girl was arching her back to push
against him wanting to envelope his fingers entirely in her wet box.  He removed
them and began circling the girls clit, her moans began to come louder and her
breathing faster.  Master stopped touching the girls pussy and pulled his hands
up to her beautiful round breasts.  He began to pinch and pull at the nipples
while leaning over her and biting her neck.  The girl was grinding her ass
against Master arching her hips as her pussy dripped it's juice all over his
legs.

Master looked at Mia with a smile, still holding the girls tits and stood
upright.  "Come here subbie-slut." He said.  Mia rose from her position in the
chair.  Her own pussy dripping wet and went to her Master's side.  "Put my dick
in her pussy" He said.   'Ohh, this is too much' Mia thought.  She thought she
would die if she wasn't able to rub her pussy to orgasm.  Her head was spinning
with desire and she felt faint.  Yet she did as she was instructed.   Grasping
her Master's rock hard penis she gently rubbed it up and down the girls slit,
ensuring the soft skin of his head came in contact with the girls throbbing
clit.  She could hear the girl moan with each contact of his head with her clit� 
She watched her Master as she teased the girls pussy.  He continued to torment
and please her nipples while placing gentle nips and kisses wherever he could
reach Ursula's back and neck.  Mia then directed her Master's dick to Ursula's
throbbing, soaking pussy.  He thrust it in her hard several times while Mia
stood watching aching to touch her own pussy.

Her master pulled his dick out of Ursula just as she was on the brink of coming. 
He said to Ursula, "Don't cum without permission Ursula."  Then turned to Mia
and said, "Put my dick in her ass and when you are done, rub her clit while I
fuck her."

Mia was sure she was going to faint now.  There was absolutely NO blood left in
her head.  If she didn't faint she was going to have a spontaneous orgasm and
then she would be in deep shit!

She removed the vibrator for the girls ass and did as her Master directed and
placed his dick against the bud of Ursula's ass then crouched to rub the girls
engorged clit.  The girl was moaning, seemingly unconsciously, her Master's
hands on the girls hips pulling her against hip and burying his dick in her
tight ass.  Mia could see the pleasure taking over the features on her master's
face and the dam broke.  Mia came without any stimulation to her pussy.  Her
Master hearing her climax, opened his eyes and looked at her with one eyebrow
raised, communicating to her that he would take care of that breach of law
later.

She returned to her task of stimulating Ursula's pussy with vigor hoping to
insure that she wasn't the only one in the 'breach of the rules' boat.  She
succeed.  The combination of her Master thrusting his huge dick in her ass, and
Mia stimulating her clit, Ursula went over the edge and came hard against her
hand and her Master's cock.  Mia smiled to herself pleased that she was not the
only one in the boat.  With that, Master began to punish Ursula's ass with his
dick, thrusting hard and fast into the tight little hole until he could no
longer restrain his orgasm.  He pulled out of her ass and alternating the
direction of the hot jizz over Ursula's ass and Mia's face.

He pulled out of Ursula's ass and turned to Mia and said, "Get a towel, clean
both of you up and get your ass in the bedroom and assume the position."  Mia
hurried to fetch a towel and cleaned her face and then cleaned up Ursula's ass
while her Master released the girl.  She was about to hurry to the bedroom when
her Master pointed at his dick.  She understood immediately that she was to
clean that too.  He grabbed her hair and whispered a promise in her ear, "You
will pay shortly for deviation of the No Cum rule."

Mia hurried to the bedroom while Master helped Ursula dress and said their
goodbyes.

She was waiting with on the bed on all fours with her ass in the air and the
cane lying next to her for her Masters use to discipline her disobedience

........................To Be Continued.




Pleasing Punishment

Part 2

When he came into the bedroom he noted that she was in 'the postion'.  On the
bed with her ass in the air waiting for her punishment.  It wasn't going to be
that simple, he decided.

"Go get the enema in the drawer next to my side of the bed and come back here"
he instructed. 

She did as he requested with a sick feeling in the pit of her stomach.  Shortly,
that wasn't the only feeling that was going to be in the pit of her stomach. 

He nodded in the direction of the floor and told her, "Kneel there with your ass
in the air facing me."

She immediately complied with his request hoping to please him and possibly
commute the rest of her punishment.  Her bare ass was now up in the air
perfectly aligned with the position of his hand as he sat on the end of the bed.

He opened the package and prepared the enema to be inserted in her ass.  He
moved the tip of the bottle over to her ass and none too gently pushed the  tip
of the bottle to the hilt. 

Very, very slowly he released the contents of the bottle into her.  He let the
bottle drain itself naturally, applying no pressure whatsoever, it took several
minutes to slowly, excruciatingly fill her with the enema solution. 

Within seconds of him inserting the bottle into her ass she could feel violent
cramps invading her body.  The cramps were torture and she buried her face in
her arms trying to remain still and endure this torture.

The bottle directions said to wait two minutes and then evacuate the contents
into the toilet but his lack of pressure on the bottle took ten minutes itself. 
Once the bottle was drained and the two minutes was up,  he told her she could
light her cigarette to begin timing her captivity but instead of removing the
bottle from her tortured ass he left it there for the entire time she smoked her
cigarette. 

He could see her pussy lips quivering from the sensation the enema was causing
as it traveled through her body.  He could feel his dick engorge thinking about
the control he had over her body.  It was intoxicating.

Finally she put out her cigarette and he slowly removed the bottle from its nest
buried in her asshole.  She stood and fled the room immediately, a slight smile
creasing his face at her predicament.

He called after her to meet him in the office when she was done.

When she returned he told her,  "I want you to place a kitchen chair in front of
the The Chair and kneel on it.  I will be with you in a minute" he instructed
her. 

She did as he instructed without a word.  'She is catching on" he thought to
himself.  She was observing the rule of not speaking unless requested to speak. 

She knelt on the kitchen chair wondering what her punishment was going to be. 
She had sensed that things were not going to resume as before and she would not
be allowed blatant disregard of the rules.  It left her unsure of exactly what
was coming.  In a moment she heard him get up from the his chair at the desk and
come around to where she was. 

He cuffed both her ankles and her wrists to The Chair but did not cuff her waist
allowing her some freedom of movement.  Then, he brought his groin over close to
her face and unzipped his pants freeing his raging hard-on.  He pulled her head 
to it and guided her head in moving up and down to suit his pleasure.  He
reached behind her and began massaging her ass cheek closest to him.  He let her
continue sucking for a few more minutes before pulling out of her mouth still
raging hard and returning his dick to its captivity. 

He moved behind her and began to fondle her pussy, probing her silken box with
his fingers leaving them still in her to let her know who owned that pussy and
it was his to do what he wanted with it.  He let his fingers travel up and
massage her clit in a circular motion before sliding them back up to her
dripping pussy.  His fingers traveled even farther up to the bud of her ass and
moistened it with the juices from her pussy.  Once he was sure she was good and
aroused he walked over to the suitcase which kept their gear.  He pulled the toy
from it that she disliked the most.  An inflatable butt plug.  Every time he
used it on her she complained that it hurt.  He smiled to himself, she is no
longer allowed to speak she can't complain.  It was a perfect to continue her
punishment with. 

He took the lube from the case and walked back to his captive.  He held the lube
above her asshole and let it drip down her until she was good and wet with it. 
Her ass and pussy clenching from the cold lubrication as it glided over her. 

Next, he thoroughly coated the butt-plug with it, not wanting to damage his most
prized possession during the punishment.  He moved the butt-plug to her ass and
slowly inserted it, knowing that it being there would be punishment enough
without him forcing it in her.  Once it was fully entrenched in her ass he
patted it in place and moved back to the desk leaving her ass high in the air
where he could appreciate the site of her plug filled ass.

He spoke to her as he sat at the computer, "I want you to tell me when that
starts to be really uncomfortable and don't be wimpy about it.  I trust you have
enough honor to bear it until then.  I don't want it to get too uncomfortable
because I have more I am going to fill that hole with before tonight is over."

He could hear her groan as she laid her head on the cushion of The Chair and
resigned herself to her fate.  He looked at her kneeling there her plug filled
ass in his direction and smiled his first victory.  After about five minutes he
walked over to her and loosened the cuff on her right hand.  He told her, "Play
with your pussy but don't you dare cum, if you do it's gonna be the cane." 

Before he walked back to the desk he picked up the pump attached to the plug in
her ass and gave it a pump enlarging the size of the plug in her asshole
watching as it spread her asshole open even farther.  Occasionally he would go
over to her and give the pump another pump ever increasing the opening in her
ass.

Finally, he went and released her from the chair, "Get over on the cushion on
all fours with your ass pointing at the chair, the way you did for the enema." 
As she walked over to the cushion, he went to the case and removed a silver
vibrator.  He returned to his chair and removed the plug from her ass.  She felt
a moments relief before feeling more lube sliding down the crack of her ass and
across her pussy.  Immediately after, she felt him insert the vibrator into her
ass almost to the hilt.  "Play with your pussy", he instructed her.  As she
knelt on all fours next to him, he continued to slip the vibrator in and out of
her ass, enjoying the control he had over her body and the position of
submission she was in on all fours next to him.

After he was assured that she was sufficiently loosened up, he turned the
vibrator on full blast.  Then he said to her, "Kneel with that in a position
that it won't fall out of your ass and continue playing with your pussy."  Once
she was in a somewhat awkward but acceptable position, kneeling but with her ass 
between her feet and almost touching the cushion, he pulled her head to his cock
and made her suck on his dick.

Her tongue and her mouth were working magic on his engorged cock, she was truly
sucking him off like a submissive woman should as though she were honoring him
with her mouth.  He pushed his cock in slowly to the back of her throat and felt
the soft skin there and began sliding the head of his cock against it.    He
pulled out of her mouth and told her to go get in the bed.  He followed closely
behind her, got in the bed and lay on his back. 

He positioned her so that she were on all fours between his spread legs, but
facing away from him.  Her feet slipped under his thighs, he guided his cock to
the opening of her asshole and pulled her against him until he cock was
completed surrounded by her hot ass.  The view was excellent he could see her
asshole spread around his cock and sucking him in each time he pulled her down
on him.  Then he told her, "Fuck your ass with my cock."  She began slowly
sliding up and down on his cock.  He watched her asshole move around him as she
moved back and forth fucking her own ass with his dick.  He heard her start to
breathe in ragged breaths and in a moment she begged, "Master please let me cum,
please, I can't hold it." 

"No, you will wait until I finish with this ass." He told her. 

Her pleading caused him to go over the edge as his groin started to heave with
the first explosion of his cum shooting into her ass.  When he had finished
filling her ass with his hot cum, he told her, "Now you may cum."  She came
immediately and violently, her ass clenching around his still hard penis sending
a deluge of pussy juice across his pelvis. 

Con't

Mia lay in bed with her eyes closed.  The moment she came to consciousness she
knew she was in a miserable mood and knew just what the source was.  She had
been punished the day before for blatantly disobeying her master. It was only
the third time she had been punished since she had signed the consensual
agreement three weeks ago

She didn't want to open her eyes.  She tried to will her bad mood away but to no
avail.  She sighed.  She heard his footsteps and heard him say, "Rise and shine"
with a cheeky grin.   She opened her eyes to see he brought her a cup of coffee
and a cigarette. 

She smiled very weakly at him and accepted the offering.  She noticed he had
some papers in his hand.  He saw her glance to the papers and handed them to
her.  "Read these."  She took them from him and watched him leave the room.  She
put the papers on the bed and sat back in the pillows to drink the warm brew. 
He made it just the way she liked it, with just enough vanilla creme.  The
thoughtful gesture did little to life her spirits. 

Once her coffee was about drained she picked up the reading material and began
to read through it.  They were erotic BDSM stories.  She knew immediately what
message her master was trying to convey by giving her the stories.  He told her
yesterday to write a fantasy incorporating 10 items from the 'Screw the Roses,
Send me the Thorns' book.  Her effort was haphazard at best.  She simply listed
10 things she was interested in doing submitting no creative writing whatsoever. 
At the bottom of the pile of stories was what was supposed to be her story. 
Seeing the pathetic paper confirmed the message he was sending to her.

She got up, dressed and went to the kitchen to refill her coffee cup not quite
ready to face the world in her dark mood knowing if she didn't tame it she would
be the one to be tamed, she returned to the bedroom and leaned against the
headboard of the bed to read the second story.

She heard his footsteps again approaching the bedroom.  He had more papers in
his hand.  He could tell by her face that she was in less than a chipper mood. 

He asked "Is someone grumpy this morning?"  She looked up at him standing next
to the bed and simply said, "Yes."

He came over and laid on his stomach facing her.  "What's got you in a grumpy
mood?"  She scrunched up her face and said, "I don't know."  He considered her
for a moment.  "I brought you coffee and still grouchy?"  She replied, "Yes."

He said, "Do you know why I gave you those stories."  Looking away from him she
shook her head affirming that she did indeed know her supposed story was really
lame.

He looked at her kindly and said, "Pull your pants down."  He rolled onto his
back and leaned against the head board placing a pillow on his lap.  She began
to remove her pants and once she got them to her knees he said, "That's far
enough.  Come here."  She knew where he wanted her and laid ass up, face down on
across the pillow.

She could feel his hands caressing her bare ass and closed her eyes to savor the
feel of it.  Whack!  She felt his hand smack her bare ass not too hard just hard
enough.  Whack!  He smacked her again.  She lay her head against the bed feeling
the sensation of hand connecting with her ass.  With every smack she could feel
her miserable mood dissipate.  It was heavenly.  She felt him pull her legs open
and his fingers begin to probe her warm wet pussy lips.  Somewhere off in the
distance she heard him say, "Are you feeling better."  She nodded her head to
affirm that she did.  "Is that a yes, or a no." He questioned softly.  Her mouth
felt like it was stuffed with cotton, her lips feeling thick from the sensations
his fingers still probing her pussy were causing to flood through her.   He
alternated between gently rubbing her lips and her clit and sometimes just
holding two fingers inside of her and not moving them.  She felt drugged the
sensation was so sweet.  She managed to gasp a "Yes."


He handed the papers to her and said, "Read these while you lay here." 

She took the stories and began to read them as his fingers continued to caress
her silken lips.  She felt completely submissive laying on the pillow with her
pants pulled on partially down with her most intimate parts open for his gazing
pleasure and gaze he did.  She tried to read but the feeling in her pussy held
stiff competition for her mental abilities.  Her eyes closed and she lay her
head down on the bed to savor his fingers that were simply resting to the hilt
inside her dripping wet pussy. 

"I love when you are soaking wet."  He said.  All she could do in response was
groan. 

He removed his fingers from her soaked pussy and lifted her off his lap and
removed the pillow covering it.  He pulled down his shorts and pulled her to his
cock, holding it up for her to slip it in her mouth.  She did savoring the
silken feel of the skin against her tongue, rolling her tongue all over his hard
cock to enjoy every inch of it.  He gathered her hair into his hand and began to
pull her head up and down controlling the speed of her oral sacrifice to his
dick. 

"Play with your pussy but don't you dare cum", he commanded. 

She did as she was told hardly touching it for a minute before she had to stop. 
He pulled her up to straddle his engorged member pulling her down slowly until
her pussy encompassed every hard inch of it.

"Don't cum" he reminded her. 

She began to move slowly up and down a moan escaping her lips as she was
engulfed in wave after wave of pure pleasure.  She leaned forward, her back
arched as she moved over him, her breasts close enough to his lips to feel his
breath.  He took them in his hands and brought one rosy nipple to his mouth
capturing it between his teeth.  The heat flooding her body was startling. 
Never had she felt heat penetrate her so thoroughly.  She stopped moving pulling
her nipple out of his mouth, resting her head on his shoulder and laid perfectly
still to prevent herself from going over the edge and disobeying his command not
to cum.  Again and again she rode him bringing herself to the verge of orgasm
before stopping to regain control of her body.

"That's enough." he told.  Allowing neither of them to cum.  "I have a full day
planned for you." He said to her with a wicked gleam in his eye.   "Yes,
Master."  She replied with a smile of anticipation.

Once she had pulled up her jeans, he told her to make them both some lunch.  Her
spirits lifted from the attention he had devoted to her pleasure, she hummed as
she went to the kitchen, her pussy still throbbing from lack of release.  She
went about preparing them lunch and was busy marinating some steak for dinner
when she heard him call from the living room.  "Come here, baby." 

Smiling she went into the living room, where he was sitting on the couch.  "How
long until lunch?"  He queried.  "Umm, about 20 minutes, I'm just waiting for it
to finish baking", she replied.  "Perfect, come over here and pull your pants
halfway down again, but bend over the coffee table."  She walked over in front
of where he was sitting on the couch, pulled her pants down as she was
commanded, kneeling in front of him she laid her chest across the table, feeling
the coolness of the coffee table against the skin of her pelvis, she laid her
slender arms over her head with hands hanging off the table exposing her pretty
ass and pussy to his view.  Having her pussy exposed to his view caused her
pussy lips to engorge immediately.  She felt something cool slide into her pussy
and it began to vibrate.  She knew immediately it was one of her bullets.  He
said to her, "You are to stay like this until I tell you you can move."

She could feel the wetness begin to run down her pussy.  Her clit began to ache
with intense need.  She felt his hand caress her ass cheek mentally willing
herself to not disobey him by cumming.  He slipped his thumb between her legs
until it came in contact with the bud of her ass.  He began to move them in a
circular motion until her hips began rocking with the pleasure of the contact
pushing back for a more thorough probing.  "You can finish lunch now" he told
her. His hand pulled away and her body slumped a small sigh escaping her lips in
disappointment.  He pulled the bullet from her pussy, she stood up mildly
disappointed her cunt aching with need.  She left the room to do as he
commanded.

When she was finishing lunch, she called into the other room to let him know it
was almost ready so that he could wash his hands before his lunch was on the
table.  She brought his plate to the dining room, along with her own and was
about to sit when he came into the room and handed the bullet to her.  "Put this
in your pussy."  She groaned as she took the vibrator from him, an embarrassed
flush staining her cheeks at the embarrassment of dropping her pants and
inserting the bullet into her already soaked cunt.  "Pull the string up between
your pussy lips so that it comes in contact with your clit" he commanded.  She
did as he bid, pulled her pants back up and sat down.  "Turn the vibrator on." 
He commanded.  She turned the vibrator on and could feel the vibration of the
cord directly on her clit.

"Master, I know I will not be able to prevent myself from cumming if I have to
keep this in throughout lunch."  She protested.

"Who said anything about lunch?"  he asked.  "You are to wear that until I take
it out."  His words alone almost causing her to cum she tried to think about
grocery shopping, anything that would take her mind off the sensations she felt
spreading through her sex.  Too late.  She dropped her fork and grabbed the edge
of the table as the first of several orgasms screamed through her body. 

When it was over she could hardly lift her eyes to meet his gaze.  When she did,
she noticed he was sitting back in his chair with his arms folded across his
chest and one eyebrow raised.  She croaked out, "I am so sorry, Master.  I
couldn't help it." 

He pursed his lips and then he spoke.  "To my office.  Now."  She hurried from
the room and went straight to his office waiting for him beside his desk. 
Anxiously she stood there her lips compressed tightly together knowing that her
punishment was imminent. 

He took his time coming to the office, first finishing his lunch.  While she
waited she couldn't help but think of what her punishment might be.  Anxiety
caused her stomach to work itself into a knot. 

Finally, he came into the room and simply motioned to The Chair.  Which isn't
really a chair at all but more like a rack with one thousand positions.  "Kneel
on it" he demanded. 

She lifted her knees to the bar meant for either sitting or kneel and draped her
arms across the cushioned top of the rack.  "Pull your pants down first, missy." 
He said.

"Oh, shit" she thought, upon hearing him call her missy.  He reserved missy for
when he was seriously pissed at her and apparently, now he was seriously pissed
at her.  She stumbled in her haste, and with some fumbling effort eventually got
her pants pulled down and resituated herself on the rack.  He cuffed her arms
and her legs to it to prevent her from covering her ass once the whipping began.

She heard his belt come sliding off his pants.  She squeezed her eyes shut
against the anticipation of leather meeting flesh.  Her body jerked forward with
the first lash, heat burning through the skin of her ass.  Before the sensation
abated from the first lash she felt the second one.  "Count" he said.  "Two" she
squeaked out. Her ass was on fire.  This was no pleasure whipping, no warm up,
just pain.  Her whole body stiffened with the next lash as he brought the whip
up between her legs coming in contact with the tender lips of her pussy. 

Tears spilling from her eyes, she begged him to stop.  "I'm sorry, Master.  I
will try harder.  Please, please, stop."

"Count." Was he only response.

"Three" she wimpered.

"And because I had to remind you to obey me AGAIN, the remainder of the lashes
are going to be on your pussy."  He said in a steely voice.

She was sobbing by the time he was done, the next twelve lashes all delivered
squarely on her abused pussy with her counting everyone of them between her
sobs.

She heard his zipper and knew his pants were coming down.  She felt the skin of
his cock pressed up against her ass.  The tip probing the sweet bud.  He pushed
against her, the tip of his cock entering the bud of her ass until she could
feel the entire length of him sheathed in her tightness. 

"This is what happens to disobedient sluts missy.  They get fucked in their
ass."  She laid her head on the bench feeling thoroughly humiliated.  His cock
not moving, just filling her ass for a full minute.  He leaned his body over her
long slender back, she could feel the hair from his magnificent chest brush her
skin.  He reached forward and unclasped the cuffs from each hand while still
filling her ass with his cock. 

"Reach around and hold your ass open for me" he whispered in her ear. 

She thought she felt humiliated before, now she felt thoroughly humiliated.  She
reached around and pulled her ass cheeks open and felt him begin to slide the
length of his cock in and out of her tightly clenched ass. 

"Relax your ass and it won't feel so bad" she heard him say. 

She tried to do as he said relaxing little by little as she felt his hardness
invade her.  He reached an arm through her arm and her side and began to caress
her pussy.  She began to be enveloped in pleasure as her ass relaxed and his
hand stroked her.  "Let's try this again.   You are not to cum."  He said as he
began thrusting harder and faster into her ass. 

She could feel every bit of him as he moved within her, his hand moving
rhythmically on her pussy driving her to the brink of orgasm.  "Master please, I
can not stop myself, please" she begged.  He suddenly took his hand from her
pussy withdrawing his cock from her ass and released her legs from the cuffs.

He buttoned up his jeans, and said, "Pull your pants up, get your shoes and the
car keys I have a couple errands for you to run."  She began to pull the bullet
from her pussy and his hand gripped her wrist.  "Didn't I tell you that stays in
until I remove it?" he asked with a raised eyebrow. 

She looked shocked.  "You want me to go the store with this thing in me?
Vibrating?" 

He smiled, "Exactly." 

'Oh, my god.' She thought 'I can't do this.' 

She hurriedly got her things together and the list and drove to the first store. 
It took her fifteen minutes to get up the nerve to go into the store.  Finally,
she decided the sooner she got it done, the sooner it would be over. 

She walked up to the door and felt like everybody just knew she was shopping
with a vibrator in her pussy.  She tried to avoid eye contact with anyone.  She
was moving through the store so fast she looked like she was a contestant in a
'Fill Up Your Cart in 60 Seconds' game show.  

As she was shopping and trying to do fast to get it over with and out of there,
she was convinced everyone within fifteen feet could hear the hum of the
vibrator.  The notion causing a permanent stain of embarrassment on her cheeks. 
Trying to rush through the store made her walk past many of the items she needed
making her trip twice as long as it would have been if she had her head
together.

She moved onto the next two stores and was on her way home an hour and a half
later.  When she walked into the house she noticed the door to the office closed
and was looking at it quizzically when her Master came walking out of the
hallway that leads to the bedroom.   He walked over and kissed her on the
forehead.  She asked, "Why is the office door closed?"  It was never closed. 


He said, "To keep you out of there."  "When you are finished putting those
things away I want you to go and wait for me in the bedroom with the blindfold
on."  She did as he instructed and went to wait for him in the bedroom with the
blindfold on. 

He came to get her after about 20 minutes and then led her into the office and
sat her on The Chair then cuffing her securely.  Then, he took the blindfold
off. 

There was another pretty blonde sitting in one of the lazy boy recliners in
front of his desk.  "I want you to meet a friend of mine, actually an
ex-girlfriend" he grinned. She has volunteered to participate in the second part
of your punishment.  She looked confused.  Second part?

He said to her, "Since you did not obey me and reserve your orgasm for my
pleasure, I am going to allow you to view what I had planned for you this
afternoon."   

He walked over to the pretty blonde who he hadn't bothered to introduce her too
and took the wine glass she was holding and set it down on the end table next to
her chair.  He pulled her up and into his arms and began to kiss her...very
deeply Mia thought. 

She watched as his hands began their decent to her rounded ass which he began to
caress.  The woman ground her pelvis into him. 

Mia felt thoroughly humiliated.  She was tied up to The Chair while he fondled
his ex-girlfriend.  Mia couldn't tear her eyes from the sight in front of her. 
She felt her cunt begin to tingle, strangely turned on by the site of her Master
getting it on with this blonde chick.

He brought his hands up and quickly dissected the Barbie from her shirt and bra
and began to fondle and caress her breast, gently pulling on the perfectly erect
nipples while his lips paid attention to the tanned skin of her neck and
shoulders. 

Mia was drooling.  The sight was too incredible.  She laughed to herself...'He
thought this was going to be punishment?"  She tried to pull her thighs together
to offer some stimulation to her pussy but it wasn't happening.  All she could
do was watch.

He began to divest the woman of what Mia thought was a rather skimpy skirt and
put his mouth to the clean shaven mound now exposed to Mia's view.  She looked
up to the woman's face and realized that she didn't even know Mia was in the
room any longer, her head was thrown back, her eyes closed, her long hair
brushing the top of her ass cheeks in obvious enjoyment of the sensation His
mouth and tongue were producing on her pussy. 

After several orally induced orgasms He turned the Barbie around, swiveled the
recliner around and bent her over the back of it.  He produced his throbbing
dick from his pants and Mia watched as he slowly guided it into the woman's
soaked pussy, pumping slowly at first while his hand reached in front of her to
bring her to more than another climax while his other hand caressed and massaged
a dangling nipple.  What seemed like an eternity later and several more hard
thrusts she watched him as his orgasm exploded inside the woman. 

When they returned to earth they kissed briefly and the woman showed herself out
the door.  He obviously explained to the Barbie that Mia's punishment stopped
there and it would be time for her to leave. 

Mia struggled to maintain her composure before He became aware of how
tremendously the sight turned her on.  He reached for her cuffs freeing her from
the chair and led her to the bedroom. 

Once they were in bed and she was in his arms he said to her, "Now, are you
going to listen to me in the future and not make me punish you that way again?" 

Happy that he couldn't see her face due to the darkened room she smiled while
trying to steadily say, "Yes, Master."  Knowing she would do exactly those
things again as quickly as possible looking forward to that same punishment in
the near future.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mia


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





