BDSM Library - Housework




Housework
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive spends the afternoon at home with her master, doing housework and chores as punishment. Her master feels that more excessive punishment may be required for this slut.
Housework

     The day was like any other.  The two of us are going about our business
around the house.  You are at the computer going through your emails and I am
wandering around the house, doing chores like cleaning the living room and the
kitchen.  There is one difference, however.  I am still working off my
punishment so I am not permitted to wear any clothing. The only thing that I am
wearing is my collar and a pair of ankle and wrist restraints.  Attached to the
collar is a thin white rope tied to the ring in the front, the other end tied
securely to the banister.  My hair is tired securely up in a braid at the back
of my head.

     You can tell that walking around naked as I am really does not seem to
bother me much at all.  Figuring that this is not a suitable punishment you
decide that more extreme measures need to be taken.  You continue to browse
through your email, getting your ideas together, taking mental notes from the
pictures.  Unknown to me what is going on through your head, I continue on with
my chores.

     Having finished you email; you call me over to the chair.  Putting down the
stack of magazines I was carrying, I walk over to you completely unsuspecting. 
When I get to where you are sitting you grab hold of the rope attached to my
collar, pulling my head down so you can grab my hair with your other hand,
forcing me to go down to my knees.  You lean down and whisper into my ear.

     "You don't seem to be taking your punishment seriously, slut.  I think I am
going to have to try something a little more extreme." Releasing my hair you
stand up and head towards the stairs.  Turning half way up the stairs you say to
me. "Move the couch and the table.  I will be right back."

     Obeying I move the couch and the table off to one side so that the living
room floor is more or less free.  I can hear you upstairs gathering different
items from the bedroom upstairs.  Kneeling in the center of the floor I wait
patiently for you to return, curious and a little afraid as to what you might
have in mind for me.

     When you come back down the stairs I can see a few of the items, such as
the spreader bar, under your arm.  Seeing me kneeling in the center of the floor
you put down the items on the table.

     "Stand up and walk over to the banister." you tell me. 

     I walk over to the banister, my back to you and I can hear you grab
something off the table and walk up behind me.  Reaching around, you place a
soft leather blindfold across my eyes and tie it snugly behind my head.

     "Spread your legs, bend over and grab your ankles."  When I do so, you tie
the restraints of my ankles to those on my wrists then you loop the ends from
those through the ring in my collar and then tie the final end to the banister.

     I feel your cool hand rub across my ass and I shift slightly.  Your hand is
removed and I feel it slap my ass sharply.  I gasp aloud, having not expected it
and I hear you tell me sharply. "Stand still."

     All I am able to get out is. "Yes Master." and I try to steady myself.  I
can hear you walk away from me again and pick something else off the table. 
Waiting patiently in my prone position, I feel something cool and wet push at
the entrance of my ass.  Gasping again slightly, I bite my lip and after a few
seconds I recognize it as a butt plug as you work it into my ass. I sigh
slightly with relief as I feel it finally slide all the way and you push on it
to make sure that it is in securely.  Yet again I hear you leave to the table
and pick something up.  I can sense you kneeling beside me and I feel the hard
pinch as a pair of clamps attach them selves to my nipples and feel it intensify
as I hear you begin to hang the choke chains off the chain connecting the two
clamps.

     You move around the back of me and I feel you attach a clothes pin to each
of my pussy lips and hear you pull to pieces of duct tape from a roll.  I then
feel you grasp the end of the clothes pin and pull the one pussy lip apart and
tape it securely to the inside of my thigh, then do the same to the other,
leaving my pussy wide open. 

     Standing up, you look at your handiwork and say. "Now that we have all of
the accessories done, we can get down to business." and you leave once again and
pick up yet another item from the table.  Coming back with out warning I feel
the sharp sting of the paddle meet my exposed and naked ass.  Surprise
overwhelming me I cry out and almost topple forward, but having expected this
you grasp my hair firmly and hold me upright with one hand while bringing the
paddle down sharply again and again on my ass, first one cheek, then the other,
then both at once, repeating the cycle over and over again until I start
whimpering and crying softly.

     Stopping, I hear you go into the washroom and run the water. When you
return I feel a cold cloth run across my severely reddened ass and I whisper,
"Thank You master."

     "Ah, but we aren't finished yet, slave.  You have been especially bad the
last few days and you need to make up for it."  I feel the cool cloth removed
from my ass.

     No sooner had the cloth been removed from my ass then I feel a sharp sting
on my pussy, running the full length of it and I cry out again.  I then feel
your run the object in your hand along my slit, its rough texture rubbing my
clit.  So much energy having been built up, I cannot control myself and cum with
the rubbing of what I finally identified as the crop running along my slit.

    Stepping back I hear you chide me softly. "Tsk Tsk.  You little slut.  I
don't ever recall me giving you permission to cum, did I?" and when I shake my
head no you speak again. "Well I guess I shall just have to punish you some
more." and I feel the sharp sting of the crop slap my pussy again and again.
Biting my lip I try not to cry out but the pain is so overwhelming that I cannot
contain it.  I cry out and beg you to stop, over and over again until you
figured that I have taken all I can take and have sufficiently begged.

     I cry with relief as I feel as you stop the assault on my pussy. I can hear
you breathing heavier behind me as you drop the crop onto the floor and walk
over to the table once more.  I feel a strike across my back now, but this one
is one that I find pleasurable...the feel of a coiled rope being slapped across
my back.  I let out a moan and you strike the rope across my back a little
harder with each stroke.  I can feel myself getting wetter and gasp slightly
when I feel you run your finger along my still exposed clit.

     "Hmmm... I see that you are enjoying this part.  Well I have something else
for you to enjoy too, slut."  I feel the butt plug pulled from my ass and feel
you come up behind me and shove your swollen cock into my ass and begin to slide
it in and out roughly.  I can hear your breaths coming harder as you grasp my
hair wand wrap it around your hand and use it to pull me into you as you strike
my back again with the coiled rope.  I can feel your balls slap up against my
exposed pussy with each inward stroke into my ass and I can feel the pressure of
orgasm welling up inside of me again.

   Your thrust are becoming faster and harder and I ask you, beg you if I can
cum feeling you are close to climax yourself.  I feel the rope wrap around my
throat as you continue to fuck me from behind and I hear you breath harshly into
my ear telling me to cum.  all of my senses being overwhelmed I feel the
pressure explode from within me as I hear you groan as you too are pushed over
the edge, savagely slamming your cock into my ass.  When we are both spent you
slowly withdraw yourself from me and release the rope from around my throat.  My
head is spinning slightly but every nerve seems to be alive.  Untying me we go
upstairs and hop in the shower to clean ourselves off.

~~~~~~~~~~~~The End~~~~~~~~~~~~~




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Finding_Fantasy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





