BDSM Library - My Submissive Life




My Submissive Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: About a submissive who finds a dominant woman with other dominant friends who agree to use him and abuse him for their pleasure.  He is used by each dominant individually and trained to feel their needs.  As time goes on he is increasingly exposed to things that he had not wanted or intended, but continues to submit for fear of losing it all.  He becomes totally submissive and dependent upon these women and even their spouses.
My Submissive Life
By Doug Young

1. Introduction

For some time I had been interested in being dominated and humiliated by a
woman.  In fact, I had dreamed of BDSM, D/S, and the entire scene for years.  I
had contacted several Mistresses and paid for sessions ranging from simple BDSM
to Golden Showers.  It was ok, but I longed for a real dominant woman that would
take charge of me for her enjoyment, not just for the money.  I had almost given
up, until one day I came across an Internet site that allowed me to post my
desires and match me up with someone in my area that would fulfill my cravings. 
I guess I was a little worried that someone could trace me to my email address
and embarrass me.  So, I was not very explicit the first few times.  I did not
get any responses.  So I decided that I must be honest and say what I feel.  I
must take a chance.  After organizing my thoughts and desires, I left a long
posting detailing how I wanted to serve a dominant woman, and how I longed to be
humiliated by her.  I was very explicit, not so much pornographic, but very
informative.  I did not mention payment because I wanted it to be a mutual
relationship, rather than a paid for session.

I watched the website religiously for several days.  I probably went there 20
times a day, hoping to get an answer.  Then, on the third day, I got a response. 
I was so excited to open the response.  "I like what I hear, but you must tell
me more."  That's all she wrote.  It was signed, Lora.  I wondered what she
meant.  She must want more detail, my personal history, or me to be more
explicit.  Maybe she wants to meet me, but wants to know me better.  That had to
be it.  So, I started typing.  I told her my life history.  I told her how long
I had been having desires for someone like her.  I told her all of the things I
had done.  Before I knew it, an hour had past, and I had written 12 pages.  I
proof read it several times and made several changes.  I wanted it to be
perfect.  I hoped she would be intelligent and appreciate the care that I had
taken.  I sent her a return email and pleaded with her to read my document and
comment on the possibility of a meeting.

Once again, several days went by.  I was afraid she did not like it.  Then, on
the third day, I got a response.  My knees were shaking as I opened her email. 
"I am pleased with your letter. You must send me a picture.  If that is
satisfactory, I will want to see you in person.  I do not meet with anyone until
I have actually seen him.  I am very selective.  You must follow my instructions
precisely.  You will not meet me at this time, but I will see you." signed,
Lora.  It was a strange response, but at least she wanted to see me.  I quickly
emailed her and told her that I would be willing to do as she says and follow
her instructions to a tee.  I also gave her my description and a recent digital
photo. 

The next day, I must have gone to my email at work a dozen times, but no
response.  When I got home, I quickly went to my email. There it was.  "You will
to go to the mall at 7:00 this evening.  You will wear a white button down dress
shirt with no tie, a pair of dark slacks, and you will be carrying a folded up
newspaper.  You will sit in the main circle from 7:00 until 7:15.  You will get
up several times and walk around the circle as if you are waiting for someone. 
At 7:15 you will leave your newspaper on the seat and walk to the west side of
the mall.  When you return, you will pick up the newspaper and return to your
house.  At 8:00 I will call you."

I could not believe it, it was finally going to happen.  I did exactly as she
instructed.  I was a little nervous, but relieved that it was going to happen. 
I got back to my house at 7:45, and waited for the call.  At exactly 8:00 the
phone rang.  I picked it up and nervously said Hello.  There was silence. I said
Hello again, and again. Then I just waited a few seconds.  Then, she answered. 
"Well, I see you can follow instructions."  Yes ma'am.  I hope I did exactly as
you asked.  "You did, and we got a good look at you." My heart quickly sank.  We
ma'am? "Yes, We.  I have several friends that share the same desires that I
have.  We have been looking for a toy for some time.  We think you may be the
one.  I am the one who will be making the initial decision.  You will learn more
as I see fit.  The next thing we must do is schedule a time for you and I to
meet.  This is Thursday.  I want to see you Friday night.  If that goes well,
you should be prepared to spend the day with me on Saturday.   You will
rearrange you schedule to meet mine."  Yes ma'am, I will do as you ask.  May I
ask where I can meet you tomorrow evening?  "You will meet me in the circle at
the mall at 6:30.  You will be dressed casual.  You are to be clean, but no
perfumes or colognes.  That will be all for tonight."  Then she hung up.

I hardly slept that night.  I was so tired the next day that I asked my boss for
the afternoon off, so I could take a nap and be refreshed by evening.  I
showered at 5:00 and got myself dressed.  I left about 6:00 to give myself more
that enough time.  I was getting nervous, and I was afraid it would show.  I got
there about 6:15 and sat down.  There was several women sitting in the circle. 
I had no idea what Miss Lora looked like, even thought I had fantasized many
times over the last week about her appearance.  By 6:25 I was squirming a
little.  I was sure one of the women sitting in the circle was looking at me. 
That made it even worse.  My thoughts kept going to what the evening might
bring.   At 6:30, I looked at my watch and took a deep breath.  Then out of
nowhere, she was standing in front of me looking down.  It was almost as if the
rest of the world disappeared.  All I could see was her.  She was very
attractive, about 38 or 40, 5'7" or 8", wearing a black dress with black hoses. 
I would say she was 125 lbs, with a nice figure and average sized breasts.  She
had long dark hair.  She wore just enough make-up to accent her fine features. 
She sat down beside of me and put her hand on my arm.  "You look a little
nervous.  Are you?  Yes ma'am.  "Good.  In a few seconds, I will get up and you
will walk with me.  Stay close to me, but don't touch me.  I'll do the talking.
" She got up and we began walking to the other side of the mall.  She walked
fast, so we were out of the mall within minutes.  We walked to her car, and she
motioned for me to get in the passenger side.  " I live a few blocks from here. 
You will walk back to your car tonight."  Within a few moments we were at her
apartment building.  She pulled into the front of one of the ground floor units.  
She stopped, got out quickly, and I followed her.  She walked ahead of me and
stopped at apartment 109, turned the key and opened the door.  I followed her
in.  "Shut the door.  Sit down, and make yourself comfortable.  I want to change
clothes."  She disappeared into the bedroom.  I could hear her moving about. 
"While I am changing clothes, go into the kitchen an pour me a glass of wine." 
I got up quickly and noticed the wine glass and the wine on the counter.  It had
sweat beads on it, so it had been chilled earlier and opened.  I pulled out the
cork, poured the glass about half full.  I quickly walked back to the couch and
put the wine on the coffee table.  She returned to the room wearing a silk robe. 
Her feet were bare, with bright red polish on her toes that matched her fingers
nails.




2. Instructions

She sat down on the couch and instructed me to sit in the chair.  "I want you to
know that this evening will be a chance for us to get better acquainted.  You
may ask questions, but you are to be respectful and use careful judgment.  I
gather from the information you have shared with me so far, that you are
educated, intelligent, and that you have had some cultural experiences.  You
must use all of your intelligence and experiences to please me.  I will give you
some instruction, but you must be able to read between the lines in order to
develop a relationship with me beyond tonight.  Do you think you are cable of
this?"  Yes ma'am.  "Good.  You may address me as ma'am or Miss Lora.  Also,
never come her unless you are invited.   I know you are submissive and willing
to serve.  That is easy to determine.  What we do not know is how far you can go
and how much you can take.  We will explore some of the areas in which I am
interested tonight.  We will test you to see if you can return tomorrow.   Do
you understand?"  Yes Miss Lora, I understand. 

"I demand obedience above all other traits.  You must do what I ask and when I
ask.  I am not into heavy punishment.  So if you don't perform, you won't be
invited back.  Should you return tomorrow and progress, as I am hopeful you
will, you will be expected to perform in front of and for my friends as we see
fit.  Do you understand?"  Yes ma'am.  I could feel myself getting an erection. 
Her stern and confident voice was exciting to me.  I was also nervous about what
was in store, but somewhat relieved that she was taking charge of me.

"I want to see you naked.  Now, quickly remove those clothes and kneel at my
feet."  I did as she asked and removed my clothes as quickly as possible.  When
I got down to my underwear, I looked up at her face.  She gave me a piercing
look.  I quickly pulled them off exposing my semi-erect penis.  I got down on my
knees in front of her.  "Don't hesitate when I tell you to do something.  You
must learn to do what I want without hesitation.  Do you understand me?"  Yes
Ma'am.  "Now, tell me what you are and what you will do for me."  I guess this
took me by surprise and I did not know what to say.  I had not counted on this,
but I knew I had to quickly make something up.  I am you obedient submissive
slut Miss Lora, and I want to serve you.  "You want to serve me?  How will you
serve me?"  May I be explicit ma'am?  She was silent for a few seconds.  "You
will always be explicit my little slave, but you had better be respectful."  Yes
ma'am.  I want to serve as your oral slave ma'am.  I want to kiss and caress you
feet, your legs, and any other parts of your precious body that you may desire. 
I will be honored to serve as your toilet, and attend your needs in the
bathroom.  It would also be my pleasure to serve you and your friends as you see
fit.  I paused.  She raised up and walked behind me.  I could feel her standing
near me.  "How do I know you are honest about these things?  How can you
convince me? " I  had to think of something real quick.  Then I remembered a
story I had read.  I know how to show you ma'am.  Please allow me to worship a
pair of your soiled panties.  Allow me to show my respect by inhaling your
glorious scents and cleaning your secretions from the crotch of your panties.

She walked back in front of me and sat back down on the couch.  She leaned back
and began undoing the bow on her robe.  "Close your eyes boy, and I mean keep
them closed." I shut them immediately and listened as she moved about the couch.
I could hear what appeared to me the waistband of her panties being stretched
and pulled down.  Then I could hear her fumble with her rob again.  "Open."  I
opened my eyes.  She was holding her panties by her finger.

"I have been wearing these since this morning. All day long, I have been
shopping, walking, and sitting.  It has been an active day.  I have been to the
bathroom, god knows how many times.  So, these panties are well worn. Are you
ready to show your respect?"  Yes ma'am.  She shot them in my face like one
would a rubber band.  They fell in front of me on the floor and the crotch just
happened to fall open.   She noticed it and laughed.  "I want you to pick up
those panties and hold them to your face and worship them.  While you are doing
so, I want you to tell me how much you appreciate this.  Do you understand me? 
Yes ma'am.  I picked them up and slowly but deliberately pulled them open so I
could place my mouth and nose in the crotch.  Her scent quickly permeated my
nostrils.  It was everything I hoped it would be.  I suddenly become overcome
with lust for this beautiful woman.  As I inhaled her wonderful scent, the words
flowed from my mouth.

Miss Lora, I can smell the dampness of you pussy, the urine and secretions from
your bladder.  It is the most wonderful experience I have ever had.  I can also
taste you.  The unique flavor of your urine and the sweet taste of your vagina
is heavenly.  I must move my tongue down to taste the material that has been
rubbing against your but hole.  I want to smell it too.  Oh, it taste so good.   
Ma'am, your taste and fragrance is more than I could have ever dreamed of. 
Thank you ma'am for the pleasure and honor of savoring the taste and fragrance
of your most private parts.

I could feel myself getting hard.  I glanced down and saw the pre-cum oozing
from my slit.  I was afraid she would be upset with me.  Please forgive me
ma'am.  Your panties are so intoxicating, so erotic, that I cannot control my
penis.  Please forgive me.  I then sucked the entire crotch of her panties into
my mouth.  I sucked on them like a piece of candy, trying to consume every bit
of her secretions.  I did this for a few moments.  Then, suddenly the reality of
what I was doing hit me.   It was like wakening from a dream.  Only it was real. 
There I was on my knees, naked, sucking on this woman's dirty panties while she
was watching me.  I felt so humiliated, so out of control, and so controlled by
her.

"You are a disgusting slut.  You have proved that much.  I guess you have passed
at least part of my test.  You were right, you are a panty sniffer" I managed to
get out a Yes Ma'am with the crotch of her panties still in my mouth.  " I think
you also wrote that you would be honored to drink my piss.  Well, lets see if
you can keep your word."  I glanced down at my penis and it was standing
straight up.  This was what I had always dreamed of.   "Take those panties out
of your mouth and tell me what would you do with my piss panty boy?"  I would
treat it like fine wine Miss Lora.   With that she got up from the couch and
walked over to the kitchen.  She got another wine glass from the kitchen.  She
came back into the living area.  "Turn around boy and shut your eyes."  I turned
around on my knees and shut my eyes.  I could hear her fumbling with her robe. 
Then there was silence.  It seemed like a few minutes, but it was probably only
a few seconds.  Then I heard it, the unmistakable sound of a woman urinating. 
It came out in a steady stream. Then tapered off.  Then it stopped.  Then came a
few squirts.  Then I heard her pull a tissue out of the tissue box.  She sat
back on the couch.  "Turn around boy."  As I turned around, she threw the tissue
at me. "Pick it up with your teeth."  I bent over and picked the tissue up.  I
noticed a fain odor of urine and it was wet.  So, I knew what she had done with
it.   "Now get over here boy, I want to see you humiliate yourself."  She was
pointing at the wine glass.  I looked at it while I walked over on my knees.  It
obviously contained her urine.  It was foamy on the top and was very yellowish. 
The closer I got to it, the more I could smell it.  It was strong, yet erotic. 
I was now totally under her spell.

I could not take my eyes of the glass.  I bent my head down and inhaled the
pungent odor.  "Well piss boy savor your wine."  I was reluctant at first, but
her orders gave me the strength.  I was intoxicated by this time with the smell
and color of her piss.  I wanted to taste it, to feel it on my tongue.  This was
the most humiliating moment of my life thus far.  I could feel my cheeks
burning, and my heart throbbing, but I had to do it.  "Tell me what you are and
what you are going to do slave."  I am your submissive slut slave, and I am
going to humiliate myself by drinking your piss in front of you.  She paused for
a moment, then moved forward.  "Well, do it" I pretended that it was wine.  I
put the brim of the glass under my nose and inhaled the pungent odor.  I then
placed it to my lips and turned the glass.  The feel on my lips was different
than anything I had ever experienced.  Maybe it was the humiliation of doing
this in front of her, or maybe it was the very act I had always wanted to
perform, but it was wonderful.   Suddenly the pungent odor was exciting.   I
opened my mouth and let it flow over my tongue.   It was like a wine that was
starting to turn to vinegar, but still exiting to the taste buds.  It was warm
and soothing to my lips.  I pulled it into my mouth and actually began to
swallow it.

I continued to savor it for a few minutes.  As I drained the last sip from the
glass, I could feel my balls tighten as my penis throbbed with excitement.  Only
the pungent odor remained in the glass.  "Get up and take the glass to the
kitchen."  I was surprised by her sudden demand, but I did as she asked.  "Put
your cloths on and go stand by the door.  Hurry" I did so as fast as I could.  I
was afraid she was displeased with me.  So, as I hurriedly went about the task,
I kept telling her how thankful I was for being allowed to come here and serve
her.  I told her how beautiful she was and that I would love to serve her in any
way she desired.  I finished up and went to the door.  "Open the door and look
outside."  As I did this, she came up behind and I could feel her body against
ny back and her lips close to my ear.  "You will be here at 9:00 am tomorrow
morning standing outside with your nose in the door.  Do you understand me?" Yes
ma'am.  Then she moved as close to me as possible with her lips pushed against
my ear.  "One more thing, you are not to masturbate tonight or in the morning
under any circumstances.  You must follow my orders.  Promise me you will not
masturbate."  I promise Miss Lora.  I will not masturbate until you allow me to
do so.  "If you do so, I will know.   Now, go."  With that she pushed me out and
shut the door. 

I must have floated to my car that night.  All I remember is the strong taste of
her piss in my mouth and in my nose.  When I got home, I set my alarm for 6:00
am.  By the time I laid down my penis was as erect as I have ever seen it.  I
wanted to masturbate so badly.  I kept trying to think of other things.  All I
could do was dream of serving Miss Lora.  Finally I drifted off to sleep.




3. The Training

I woke up at 7:00 am as usual, the alarm blaring in my ear.  It normally takes
me a few minutes to get my senses together, but this day was different.  As soon
as my mind got focused on Miss Lora, I sprang out of bed.  I was very excited,
yet very nervous.  I quickly got my thoughts together.  My mind was racing.  I
knew I needed to be prepared for a potentially long and tiresome day.  By 8:20 I
was ready.  I was really keyed up.  I sat myself down and tried to prepare
myself mentally.  It would take about 20 minutes to walk to her apartment.  I
didn't want to be late, but I also did not want to be too early.  What if I ran
into somebody I knew that wanted to talk?  Maybe I better drive.  I had to
concentrate on getting there on time and present myself in a calm manner.  I
don't recall everything I thought about that morning, but I was there at 8:55
standing in front of her door ready to press my nose to the peephole.  I waited
a couple of minutes, and then did it.  I felt a little stupid, and I worried
that someone would come along.  Fortunately no one did. After what seemed like
an eternity, I heard foot steps in side, and then the doorknob turning.

"I see you made it.  Come in and go stand near the couch."  She pointed to the
couch, and I walked in.  I stood there and looked down at the carpet.  I guess I
just naturally felt like I was supposed to sink into that submissive role
without being told.  I noticed she was dressed in a robe again, but this one was
shorter with short sleeves.  " The first thing I want you to do is strip.  Put
you cloths on the floor near the door.  Then go sit on the chair in the living
room.  I want to give you some instructions for the day."  She went to the couch
and sat down with her feet up and waited for me to sit.

"Today you must make a very big decision.  Do you want to continue or do you
want to go?  If you decide to stay, you must remember that you belong to me.  I
will not tolerate your not following  my instructions.  This is not something
you can try for a while, then give up and go home.  Once we make a pact, you
will be required to follow through. Is that clear and do you have any
questions."  Yes ma'am, I understand.  I want very much to serve you, but I do
not know all of the things you will require of me.  "I will show you and give
you some guidelines, but you must be flexible.  If you are a true submissive,
you will be willing to do anything for me.  You will just have to trust me.  I
am not big on punishment.  However, some of my friends are, so you must be
prepared to accept pain.  No, you won't be permanently marked, but you will
suffer.  As for me, I expect obedience and the ability to withstand intense
humiliation.  You will be required to service me in anyway I desire, at any
time, and in the presence of others.  I will not require you to expose our
relationship to your friends, family, or coworkers.  However, you will do what I
want in the presence of my friends.  Within that circle, you must be prepared to
accept what I give without hesitation. "

With that she got up and stood in front of me. "Get down on your hands and knees
and worship my feet".  I got down and placed my hands on her feet and began
kissing them.  I could quickly tell that she had not bathed her feet..  Her foot
had that sweaty smell that usually came with being housed in a shoe all day. 
She lifted her foot up. "Lick between my toes.  You will notice that I have not
showered this morning.  That will be your first test.  You will learn to worship
me whether I am clean or not.  Whether it be my feet or my ass hole, you will
learn to kiss and suck until I instruct you otherwise."

When she suggested that I would be licking her ass hole, I could feel my penis
getting hard.  My heart started to beat faster and I could feel my face starting
to burn.  I licked and sucked each one of her toes.  I massaged her feet and
kissed her ankles.  After a few minutes past, she pushed me aside with her foot
and sat down on the chair.  " Stand up.  I want to see that worthless dick of
yours."  I guess it scared me a little, and my penis became flaccid again.  She
reached out, grabbed my cock and began to examine it.  She took one hand and
felt my balls.  I could feel myself getting erect again, and pre-cum was
beginning to leak from the head of my penis.  "You must learn to control that or
you will be drinking it by the gallons.   Sit on the floor and massage my legs". 
I sat down and put my hands on her legs and began rubbing them.  She spread her
legs a little, but not enough for me to see between them.  "The first thing you
will do when you greet me in the mornings is worship my feet and legs.  This
will become a ritual for you.  I should not have to tell you this.  Once I am
satisfied with the massage, you will worship my ass.  This will include my ass
checks and my ass hole.   You will pay particular attention to my ass hole."
Just as she finished saying that, she got up from the chair and removed her
robe.

I felt like my heart would beat out of my chest.  She was beautiful.  Her
breasts were not large, but they were well shaped and firm.  She had an
unbelievable figure, and a flat tummy.  But what really amazed me and took me by
surprise was the amount of pubic hair she had.  She stood in front of in  a very
confident pose.  Then she raised her arms to fluff her hair.  When she did, I
got another shock.  Her armpits were unshaven.  This was the most bizarre thing
I had ever scene in person.  It was the most erotic thing I had ever witnessed. 
I was simply overcome with desire for this woman.  I knew I would do anything
for her.  She walked up to me so close that here pubic hair was almost tickling
my nose.  "Of course you will do only what I give you permission to do. "  I 
took in a deep breath and her wonderful musky scent filled my nostrils.  I did
not know whether it was natural, or the activities thus far were causing her to
be aroused.  Regardless, I wanted to fill my nostrils again and again with that
erotic scent. 

She edged in closer, and my nose was now pressed to her hair.  I took in another
breath and I could smell a faint odor of urine, and what seemed to be
perspiration and female arousal.  I could not see, but I could feel my penis
standing straight up.  "That's right, get used to my scent.  You will think
about it constantly."  She slowly backed away and turned around. Then she bent
over slowly until ass cheeks began to spread.  I could see the hairy opening of
her anus.  I had never scene such a hairy ass on a woman.  Not even in pictures. 
You would have thought it would be a turn off, but it was the opposite.  I fixed
my eyes on her anus and slowly moved my face forward.  I began to notice the
difference in her odor.  It was much more pungent, yet inviting.  It was not
what I had imagined.  It was like a musty smell from a basement, but combined
with the smell of urine and sweat, it provided an intoxicating aroma that drew
me closer.   Suddenly, my whole world was her ass.  It was all I wanted. 
"That's enough for now."  She raised up and put her robe back on.

"It is time for you to learn how to conduct yourself.  I want you to stand on
your knees.  This is how you will be in my presence unless otherwise
instructed."  I moved into place where she was pointing.  "I am beginning to
think you have possibilities.  As I said before, I do not tolerate disobedience.  
Some of my friends like it.  It will give them an excuse to punish you.  You
will learn more about that this afternoon.  For now, I want you to know exactly
what I expect of you.   These will become your commandments:

Never interrupt us or speak without instruction or permission.
Never hesitate to follow an order.
You will address us as Ma'am, Mistress, or Lady followed by our name.
You will maintain a submissive demeanor at all times.
You will keep me aware of your schedule at all times. Do not make me look for
you.
You will always be clean when you come here. 
You will purchase several pairs of panties and wear one each time you visit.
During punishment sessions, you will not make loud noises or defy us in any way. 
We will not do anything to you that will cause permanent damage, but it will
hurt and you will not like it.
You will never masturbate without permission.  Not here, not in your home, or
anywhere.
If you do so without permission, I will find out, and you will be punished.  I
have ways of finding out.  This is my strictest rule.
If you break this rule, you must tell us and accept your punishment, otherwise
you will be banished. 
We will take absolute control over your orgasms.  If you deviate from this
commandment, you will be fitted with a painful device that will prevent you from
masturbating. 

"Now, if you cannot comply with these orders, you must tell me immediately. 
Either you comply with all of our orders or you go now and never return.  A
thousand thoughts ran through my head.  Can I follow the orders?  Will I be able
to accept the punishment and humiliation?  As many times as I had prayed for
this moment, now that it was here, I was scared to take the next step.  I knew
this was the biggest decision of my life, but it was everything I had dreamed
of.   I really wanted to serve this woman.  She stood in front of me with her
hands on her hips.  "Well?"  I had to do it. I just had to experience total
control.  Yes ma'am.  "Are you absolutely sure, because I do not want to hear
you winning later? " Yes ma'am, I want to be your slave.  I want to please you. 
I guess I was scared after I said it, but relieved that I had done it.  I was
going to fulfill my fantasy at last.

"Good.  Now we can get started.  I enjoy humiliating my subjects.  I use various
techniques, depending upon my mood.  I may make you worship my ass or my pussy
after I have used the toilet.  We only give golden gifts to our subjects, so
don't expect any more than that.  I may make you stand in the middle of the room
naked while I watch TV.  I may require you to masturbate in front of my friends. 

I may take you to a place where nobody knows us, and make you do demeaning
things in front of them.  I may sit on a park bench while you worship my feet. 
I may make you beg to kiss my ass on busy street corner, or in a restaurant.  If
I really get nasty, I may use you as my toilet slave in a busy public
restaurant.  One time I humiliated my subject until the waitress knew what was
happening.  Then I pissed in his water glass and made him sip it through a straw
while the waitress watched.  My imagination is limitless.

But mostly, I will make you scream to relieve your self.  You will want to cum
so badly that you won't be able to control yourself. The smell of my ass and
pussy will make your cock erectyou're your balls will ache for relief."  I could
feel myself getting hard again.  Just to hear her talk about her pussy and her
ass hole was enough to make me dizzy with desire.  "By the way, you will not
allow yourself to drip on my carpet.  You will check yourself frequently, and
you will dispose of you fluids appropriately.  I think you know what that means. 
Don't you?"  Yes ma'am.  Now, do you understand everything I am telling you?" 
Yes ma'am.

"I also like to hear my subjects talk about their desires to please me.  Get
over here."  While I walked on my knees towards the couch, she leaned back and
let her bottom move forward.  At the same time she spread her legs and let the
robe part, but not quite uncover her pubic hair.  " Now, I want you to tell me
how you would please me this morning."  I thought for a moment and looked down
at her hands.  They were resting just above her crotch, and she had the hems of
her robe in each hand.

I would love to please you this morning Mistress by serving you orally if it
would be your desire.  I would begin by kissing and gently messaging your
thighs.  I would drink in your wonderful aroma.  I would kiss your mound of
beautiful hair, and kiss all around your godly openings.  Eventually I would use
my moist tongue to tease and massage your clitoris and vaginal lips.  I was
totally captivated by this woman. The words flowed from my mouth as she
gradually pulled back the hems of her robe, slowly revealing her pubic hair. 
Now I could see the folds of her pussy.  I could also smell her.  It was
actually stronger than before.  I could fell my penis getting even harder.  As
she continued to pull back the material and spread her legs, I could see the
rounded beginning of her ass checks.  She moved even further forward so I could
get a view of her hairy ass hole.  I thought how wonderful it would be to kiss
and tongue her beautiful anal opening.  I would even stick my tongue into your
opening if you desire.   "Is that all?"  When the appropriate time would come, I
would hope Miss Lora would guide me to her vagina so I could lick the secretions
form your glorious hole.  I would hope to use my mouth and tongue to give you
one of many orgasms.

 She reached forward and pulled my head back by my hair.  "What makes you think
you are worthy?"  This made me a little nervous.  I was afraid I had said
something she did not like.  I am not worthy to do so for my enjoyment Miss
Lora.  I paused for a moment.  But I want to do so for your enjoyment.  She
released my hair.   "I want you to plant your chin on the couch right here. (She
pointed to a place only inches away from her crotch) You will remain here until
I instruct you otherwise."  I quickly placed my chin in the spot she pointed to. 
I immediately notice a much stronger odor from her pussy.  It was steamy.  "You
may breath my scent, but that is all.  Do you understand? " Yes ma'am.   I
closed my eyes and began to breath slowly; It was intoxicating.  I could smell a
strong scent of urine and sweat.  There was also the strong musky odor of her
sex.  It was obvious now that she was enjoying this.  I hoped that she realized
how much I wanted to serve her.  I wanted her to exert her power over me and use
me for her pleasure.    

She put her hand back on my head and slowly wrapped her finger in my hair.  She
pulled my face forward.   My nose was now touching her clitoris.  I wanted so
badly to open my mouth and serve her.  "Tell me boy, do you like what you smell"
Yes ma'am.  She moved her foot under me and flipped my cock with her toes.  "I
can see you are having a little problem.  I told you not to leak on my carpet." 
Suddenly, I could feel my heart race.  I had forgotten already.  "If you leak on
my carpet, you are in trouble. " Miss Lora, May I be dismissed from this
position for just a second to check myself.  "Why? I am enjoying the view.  I
like to see my slave boys in compromising positions. " Ma'am I want to please
you, but I am afraid I will leak on your carpet. " That's not good, so you are
going to have to explain to me what is making you leak.  You cannot have
privileges without a full explanation.  So, you better start talking and
explaining." 

I am so sorry ma'am, but the very presence of you stirs my emotions.  It has
been difficult to control my penis.  Now that I am so close to your glorious
vagina, it is even harder to control myself.  Your scent has caused me to have
an uncontrollable desire to relieve myself.  I can feel this in my balls, and I
am afraid that I will leak pre-cum on you floor.  Please allow me to wipe it off
and dispose of it.  "Well, that is not a valid excuse for your behavior.  You
must learn to control yourself.  This is for my pleasure, not yours.  But if you
must, sit up and remove that disgusting discharge." She paused for a few
seconds, and then let go of my hair.  "You know how to dispose of it, I hope? "
It suddenly became apparent what I would have to do in front of her.  I rose up
just in time.  As my penis extended against my belly, the pre-cum began to drip
down the front of my shaft.  I quickly caught it with my finger.  There was
enough to coat my entire finger.  I knew what I must do now.  I looked up at
Miss Lora.  "Well!"  I brought my finger up to my lips, as I had done a thousand
times, but never in front of anyone.  I licked it off.  Suddenly I felt so
humiliated.  I could feel my face turning red, but I could also feel my balls
weighted down with more.  As I looked down, my shaft was still oozing more
cream.  I rubbed if off with my finger again and brought it to my lips.  Then,
in an effort to get any more that might leak out, I put my hand around the base
of my shaft and pulled it up to squeeze out the rest.  A large amount came out. 
I had to use another finger to get it all.  I don't think I had ever leaked so
much at one time.  I looked up at Miss Lora's face.  She had an almost
emotionless look, but I knew what she wanted me to do.  I licked it all from my
hand.  I just stood there on my knees looking down at the floor.  I could feel
the heat radiating from my face.  " Well, are you not going to thank me?"   I
suddenly came to my senses.  Yes ma'am, I am sorry.  Thank you for allowing me
to.....  I didn't know what to say.  I was afraid to say it.  I had never
thought about putting what I was doing into words.  I want to thank you ma'am
for letting me......... for making me ........ (then it became clear to me why I
was thanking her) for humiliating me.  I felt like my face was on fire. 

"Now, you stand there on you knees for a while and think about what you have
done.  You will watch that nasty penis of yours a little closer in the future. 
Won't you?"  Yes ma'am.  As I stood there looking down, I could see her sliding
down the couch a little more.  She was also spreading her legs.  I raised my
eyes enough to see that here entire crotch was now exposed.  Her hairy lips and
but hole were in plain view.  "You are my pussy boy now.  Your nostrils are
filled with the scent of my pussy juice, sweat, and piss.  Now, it is time for
you to get acquainted with my ass hole.  So, I want you to get back over here
with your chin where it was before."  I did as she instructed and then slowly
lowered my chin down to the couch.  My nose was only an inch from that small
area between her pussy and her butt hole.    As much as I had dreamed of this
moment, I was not fully prepared for it.

She grabbed my head and pushed it down until my nose was touching her rose bud. 
The acrid smell of her most dirty opening was now permeating my nostrils.  It
was like nothing I had ever smelled. At first it was repelling.  The hair around
it seemed to enhance her musty foul odor.  I could see her flex her anus as if
to tease me, or make fun of me.  "Breath my slave.  I want you to inhale the
scent of my ass hole.  I want you to see what you will soon be begging to
worship."  I began to inhale with long slow breaths.  With each breath, the
aroma of her ass hole became more and more tolerable.  It was different from the
smell of her panties, probably because it was so diluted in her panty crotch. 
But now, it was very heavy.  She shifted her hand down in front of my nose.  She
used her finger to push against her but hole, but she did not actually enter it. 
Then, she rubbed it against my lips. "Lick my finger boy.  I want to see you
lick the juice from my butt hole."  I opened my lips and let her insert her
finger.  It really didn't taste that bad, but it was very humiliating.  I know
my face must have been beet red.  "You are such a slut.  Tell me you are a
slut."   I am a slut ma'am.  "Anyone so disgusting that they would volunteer to
smell another person's ass hole is a slut."   With that she pushed me away.  I
sat back on my knees and just looked down at the carpet.  I was more embarrassed
than I had ever been, but I knew I was totally in her power.




4. Learning to Please

She got up from the couch and walked around behind me.  "I think I am ready for
a good cum.    Since I am prone to release my bladder after I cum, I had better
go empty it.  Now, that means you follow me to the bathroom.  Anytime we are
alone and I go to the bathroom, you are to follow me with your nose as far up my
butt crack as you can get it.  So, you must be on your knees and ready to move." 
When she turned around, I quickly got behind her and pushed my nose in her butt
crack.  I could not believe how humiliated I felt, but at the same time so
willing to do whatever she commanded.  She did not move right away, and the
musky smell of her anal opening was overwhelming me again.  This time it was not
bad.  In fact, I was drawn to it.  It gave me a strong sense of closeness to her
that I had never felt with anyone before.   She finally started walking.  I
walked behind her on my knees with my hands on her legs trying to guide myself. 
It seemed like it took forever to get to the bathroom.  It felt very awkward.   
I was relieved when I felt the tile of the bathroom on my knees.  I knew we were
close.  She stopped and turned around quickly and sat on the toilet.

Without a word she sat for a few seconds before her bladder started releasing
piss.  She acted as if I was not there until the last drops of piss splashed in
the water.  "Now my little slave, are you ready to become my toilet paper?"  Yes
ma'am.... I think so.  I want to...... only I am not sure how you want me to do
it.  She looked at me with a sheepish smile and stood up.  "Well the first thing
you can do is request permission to be my pussy wipe."  It startled me, because
I had forgotten again to thank her and ask for permission.  May I have the honor
of licking your pussy dry ma'am?  She put her right foot up on the toilet and
leaned on her knee with her right elbow.  "Start licking."  I tried to move as
fast as I could, but it seemed as if it was in slow motion.   I looked up as I
moved my head between her legs.  I had to bend my head back in order to get my
tongue up and under her pussy.  I could see little drops of urine attached to
her pussy hair.  A big drop was hanging from the hood of her clitoris.  I
finally got myself in place under her. I pushed my tongue to the lower part of
her vagina and pulled it slowly forward in an attempt to lick all of her piss
drops from her pussy.  This was my first contact with her pussy.  I could feel
my heart beating.  Instinctively I did this three times to make sure I got
everything.  Then I got back on my knees in a kneeling position to see if she
was pleased.  "Well, are you going to thank me or not."  I am so sorry ma'am. 
Thank you for allowing me to lick your pussy dry.  "Get your nose in my ass boy. 
As she walked past me I quickly got my nose in her ass crack and followed her to
the living room. 

I guess I was getting used to being humiliated because I didn't feel as
embarrassed now as I was at first.  I keep my nose up her crack as much as I
could until she stopped at the couch and sat down.  "I  think for my first
orgasm, I want you to sit down on the floor in front of me like you were before
and put your chin here."  I did as she had me do earlier.  My chin was on the
couch and my nose was up against her pussy.  Her pussy was really beginning to
get ripe.  Her musky, sweaty pussy was not only more pungent, it was getting
very wet.  In fact, the hair around it was starting to get matted.  I was not
sure if she wanted me to start licking yet, so I just rested there and began
breathing in her womanly aroma.   "Remember, no leaking on my floor.  That goes
for my pussy too.   You are to keep my pussy clean and don't get any on my
couch."  Her explicit language made her even more desirable.   My balls felt
like they would erupt any moment.  I wanted to taste her pussy so bad.   I
grabbed my cock to keep it from leaking on the floor.  I was afraid to make too
much contact for fear I would make myself cum.  So, I just used my fingers to
pinch my slit closed.

At last, the time had come.  Before I leaned forward to begin eating her pussy,
I took one more sniff.   God, it was heavenly.  I could not wait any longer.  I
began with my tongue at the bottom of her vagina so I could scoop up her juices. 
I rolled it into my mouth and tasted her slimy discharge.  I was in heaven.  I
began licking the sides of her pussy.  Then I pushed my tongue into her vagina
as far as I could.  She had begun to moan and I knew she was enjoying it.  Her
juices would not stop flowing.  I was swallowing as much as I was licking. 
"That's right pussy boy.  Lick my pussy.  Swallow my pussy juice."  Don't you
dare stop until I tell you too."   I was not about to stop.  I was in heaven. 
She finally began to hunch my face while she was holding my head, so I figured
she might be getting close.  After a few more minutes her rhythm was getting
faster and she was moaning more loudly.  "I am going to cum.  Swallow it all."  
She began to shake and hunch me so hard that I was having trouble concentrating. 
"I'm cuming.  I'm cuming."  All of sudden she stopped.  The taste of her juice
was different.  It had become sweet compared to the musty piss flavor that she
had earlier.  I was afraid to stop, so I gently licked and swallowed her juice
as she melted into the couch and stopped moving

"That was good pussy boy. Now, you can finish by licking my asshole."  I moved
down and began licking the juices from her ass hole.  God it was wonderful.  I
never would have believed that I would enjoy something so much.  The acrid taste
was still there.  But the mixture of the pussy juice and sweat made it even more
unique.  "Now, put your mouth over my pussy and seal it off real good.  I have a
surprise for you."  She had come down from her orgasm while I was licking her
butt hole.  Now she was starring me in the eye, and I knew what was coming. 
"There is not much in here, but it will be salty and pissy."  I felt her relax,
then her juices turned from the sweet taste of a few minutes ago, to a salty
vinegar like taste.  I licked her piss and began swallowing as I did so.  I did
not want to lose any of it on the couch.  Suddenly, she let a good-sized spurt
come out.  Now my entire mouth was engulfed in her piss and the taste was
becoming very salty.  Then, it stopped.  I swallowed and moved my tongue around
the inside of my mouth to savor the taste.
"That's it boy.  Now, lick me dry."



End of Part 4




5. Ass Worship

"Now that you have been properly initiated, you are going to worship my ass."
She walked across the room and sat down on the couch.  " Now, get over here." 
She pointed at the place for me to kneel.  "Your goal is to bring me to a climax
by stimulating my ass hole; with your mouth of course.  Start at my feet and
work your way up.  My pussy gets really wet, so you must keep it from leaking on
my furniture.  Do you understand?"  Yes ma'am.  "You may begin."

Every time she would talk about her pussy my penis would become erect and I
would get that feeling in my balls.  I was so excited by now that I would do
anything for her if she would let me cum.  Regardless, I was going to get to do
what I had been dreaming of since I got the first look at her.  I started out by
kissing the bottoms of her feet.  Then I lifted her left foot up gently and held
in my left hand.  I sucked each toe and licked between them. I could tell she
had not showered this morning.   Her foot tasted dirty and sweaty, but that just
added to my desire to please her.  I rubbed my nose on the bottom of her foot
and planted kisses all over her foot and ankle.  She began to moan just a
little, so I knew she was enjoying it.  I was enjoying this and it made me feel
good that Miss Lora was enjoying it too. 

After a while she pulled her foot away, but quickly brought her right foot up. 
I knew that she wanted more of the same.   I began working on her right foot and
she let out a few moans again.  I began kissing her leg then. I kissed and
messaged my way up.   She finally pushed me away with her foot and spread her
legs.  That's when I got a distinct aroma of feminine arousal. Even though she
had just had a powerful orgasm, she was already feeling the need for another.  I
noticed that she was getting wet and little drops of moisture had formed on her
pussy hair.   

I moved until my head was between her legs.  I began kissing her thighs.  
That's when her natural odor fully hit me.  It was stronger than before.  The
mixture of pussy juice, sweat, and the smell of her ass were intoxicating.  As I
licked the droplets off her pussy hair, she raised her ass up and moved forward
until her hips were almost off the chair.  She also spread her legs further.  As
she did this, her pussy lips separated and I got a close look at the inside of
her vagina.  It was so wet that her juices were oozing out in a thick milky
film.  God, I wanted to lick her so bad.  In an instant I remembered what she
had said about not allowing her pussy to leak.   Even though she had not
specifically given me permission to eat her pussy, I knew that I had to do it.  
I inched forward to stare at that magnificent sight.  I stuck out my tongue and
wiped it slowly from the bottom of her pussy up across her vaginal opening and
her clitoris.  God it felt so good.  Her secretions stuck to my tongue like a
thick cream.   I pulled my tongue into my mouth and swallowed them.  She moaned
again as I licked her pussy.  Then she looked down at me.  "You had better get
to work on my ass cheeks, boy"

Her commanding voice further instilled me with pride and determination to please
her.   I lowered my head so I could kiss her ass.  I placed little kisses all
over her cheeks.  Her skin was soft, but tight.  There was not a single blemish. 
It was a wonderful site.  I closed my eyes and kissed every inch the skin on her
backside except for her ass hole.  Every time my nose got near it, my balls
stirred with emotion.   I purposely refrained from kissing her ass hole or the
colored area around it.   I wanted to save that for last.  Her heady aroma and
the sight of her glorious opening was more intoxicating that I had ever
imagined.  My penis was so hard that my balls were beginning to ache.  She
moaned frequently while I worshiped her ass, and I noticed that her pussy cream
was leaking again.  I was addicted now to her juices and I longed for more. I
moved up to look once again at her pussy.  I stuck out my tongue and greedily
took them into my mouth.  I loved the taste and feel of her sticky, creamy
discharge.  She let out a long moan.  

It was time to worship my goddess's ass hole.  I lowered my nose to her delicate
hole and barely touched it.  I inhaled deeply trying to savor her womanly aroma. 
It was the richest of all scents, and I knew she would taste even better.  I
reached down with my fingers to remove the pre-cum from my throbbing penis.  I
was afraid to touch it very much for fear I would bring myself to a climax.  The
smell and taste of this holy goddess was exciting me more than I had ever
imagined.  My balls were aching and I felt like they would erupt any moment.  To
take my mind off my own desires I had to concentrate fully on hers.  So, I
placed my tongue on her ass hole and licked it.   She responded with little
moans of pleasure.  "Lick it good you little whore."   I did just that.  I
kissed it and licked it for several minutes.  I licked from her tailbone to the
bottom of her vagina.  The acrid flavor of her ass hole stung my taste buds like
nothing I had ever imagined.  "Fuck my ass hole with your tongue slut." 

All of the shame I had felt earlier had vanished.  Everything she was allowing
me to do was exciting beyond anything I had ever done.   I pointed my tongue and
pushed as best I could.  At first it seemed that it was not possible.  It was
too tight.   I slowly rubbed my tongue against her ass hole.   After a few
moments I pushed a little and my tongue actually slipped in a short distance.  I
pushed a little harder, and it went in further.  I could feel my heart race as
the sharp taste of the inside of her anus permeated my taste buds.  I stuck my
tongue out all the way and pushed it into her ass hole as far as it would go.  I
began to move it around and flick it.  I could feel her tightening her muscles,
then relaxing them.  She also began to moan louder.  "That's it butt licker,
worship my ass. 

I pulled away from her ass hole and licked her pussy to get as much of the juice
off as I could.  Then I quickly returned to her butt hole to continue my
devotion.  This time my tongue went right in.  "Keep eating my ass boy.  I am
ready to cum!"  This was the most exciting thing I had ever done.  All I could
think of was the taste of her ass hole and making her cum.  "I'am cumming.  I'm
cumming."   God, she must have shook and moaned for 2 or 3 minutes.  Then she
stopped and lay there perfectly quiet.  I was not sure what she wanted me to do,
so I just kept gently licking and kissing her ass hole.  Finally she said,
"That's enough, you can stop now".

By then my balls were actually aching from denial.  My penis had been hard for
so long that it was sore and only semi erect.  I rose up on my knees and looked
down at the carpet as Miss Lora got up and stood in front of me.  "You catch on
quick.  I like that.  But don't think that gives you any special privileges."

"You probably thought your good performance would win me over, and maybe I would
let you masturbate that pathetic cock of yours.  Didn't you?" 
A.....yes.....a.....no ma'am.  I mean no ma'am.  "You were right the first time.  
You can't lie to me.  Your balls are full and you want to cum, don't you?"  I
looked down at my throbbing penis, Yes ma'am.

"I'm going to go piss."  As she walked away I quickly turned and put my nose in
her ass crack.  I remembered what I was supposed to do.  We went through the
same routine when we got to the toilet.  Only this time, she finished a little
differently.  " I do have a little reward for you.  I saved you a couple of
squirts."  She rose up and stood over me straddling my face.  "Put you mouth
over my pussy and seal it so you won't lose any of my precious fluid."  I did as
she said.  Then, almost immediately, she let go with a quick stream of piss.  I
could taste its salty pungent flavor as it sprayed down my throat.  As I moved
my tongue around, she let one more stream go.  This one was slower, and it
filled my mouth.  She moved away from me quickly and said,  "I want you keep
that in your mouth and do not swallow it.  I want the taste to stay with you."

Then she left the bathroom.  I could hear her go to her bedroom.  It sounded
like she was dressing.  Then there was silence.  I was afraid to move.  Her piss
was very strong in my mouth.  It seemed to take over my senses.   It must have
been 10 minutes before I heard her call me.

"Get in her."  I got up and went into her bedroom and immediately got down on my
knees. "Open your mouth.  I want to see if you have followed my orders." I
opened my mouth just enough for her to see inside.  I was afraid it would leak
out on her carpet.  "OK, you can swallow now."   I was hoping she would let me
go to the toilet and spit it out.  But, I was so relieved to get it out of my
mouth that I swallowed every drop.

 I noticed then that she had put on a dress and shoes, and makeup. "I am going
to return at 1:30.  While I am gone you will straighten up this apartment."  She
repeated a list of chores for me to do. "When I return, you will be on your
knees in front of the door, naked of course.  When the door opens you will tell
me what you are and what your purpose is.  And let me tell you this.  Don't even
think about masturbating yourself while I am gone.  You know that I will know if
you do."   She looked down at my penis.  The pre-cum was about to drip from the
head again.  "You are not to touch your cock at all for any reason.  Do you
understand me?"  Yes Miss Lora.  With that, she went out of the room and out the
front door.

I looked at the clock and noticed that it was 12:30.  I had to get things done
and be in front of the door by 1:30.  The time went by fast.  I was working
hard, but also thinking about what she had done to me today.  I was so in need
of a climax.  I tried not to think about it.  My penis would get hard and my
balls would start aching.  Then I would go soft and start leaking pre-cum.  It
was an endless cycle.  I had never gone so long in need of an orgasm.  Miss Lora
had me at a level of excitement that I had never experienced before this day. 
The thought that Miss Lora was in control of me felt good.  As bad as I wanted
to cum, I wanted to please her more.  I couldn't help hoping though, that she
would let me masturbate when she returned.  I would do anything for her to get
relief.

I finished everything she had instructed me to do by 1:20.  I spent a few
minutes double-checking to make sure.  Then, at 1:25 I decided to get in place
in case she came in early.  As I kneeled there with my forehead in the carpet,
looking at my penis and balls, I could not help but think about cumming.  I
thought about Miss Lora dominating me, and how I had tasted her pussy and her
ass hole.  I could still taste her piss in my mouth and it was driving me crazy
with desire.  Every minute or two I had to wipe the pre-cum from my penis, and
lick it off as she had instructed me to do.  Suddenly, I could hear the sound of
someone outside.  I heard footsteps.  It had to be Miss Lora.  Then, the sound
stopped.  I heard a key in the door.  My heart began to race.  The door opened. 
In a split second, I wondered if she had given keys to her girl friends.  God,
what if someone else saw me like this.  There was silence.  I was afraid to look
up.  Then I remembered what I was supposed to say.  I am your slut slave ma'am. 
I am here to please you.

She came in and walked around behind me.  She stood there for a few seconds. 
Then she pointed her high heel into my ass hole and pushed it.  God, it felt
like she was going to push it in.  Then she walked back in front of me and put
the point of her heel in my nose.  I could smell my ass hole on her shoe.  "You
are a slut."  Then she turned around and went back out the door.  Oh my God.
That was not her voice.  It was not her.   I panicked.  I was not sure what to
do.  I would just have to wait there until Miss Lora came.  Another 10 minutes
went by.  Then, I heard footsteps again.  The key rattled in the door while I
quickly got my nose in the carpet.  My heart was going like a freight train. 
The door opened.  She walked into the living room, then the bedroom, the
bathroom, the kitchen, inspecting every room.  "By the way, I called Millie
while I was down town.  I told her to stop by and see you.  I trust you made a
good impression." 

I thought I would die. It was somebody else.  "Well are you not curious about
Millie?"  Yes ma'am.  I could hardly get the words out.  My mind was racing. 
"Millie will be here tonight.  You will see her tonight for dinner.  She wanted
to take a look at you first.  Now, get dressed and go home.  Be back here at
6:00.  And remember, no masturbation.  Do you understand me?"  Yes ma'am.  She
left the room and I quickly dressed and left.

End of Part 5




6. Miss Millie

I went back to my home as she instructed.  All I could think about was the smell
and taste of this wonderful woman.  I was hopelessly addicted to her now.  As
humiliating as the situation was, I wanted more.  I lay down for a while to
rest.  It was difficult because my mind was so active thinking about the events
of the day and what lay in store for me this evening.  No matter how much I
tried not to think about cuming, my cock and balls ached for relief.   At 4:30 I
got up to shower and get ready for the evening.  I put on a pair of panties and
my street clothes over those.  By 5:30 I was finished and ready to go.  I really
don't remember too much about going back.  I was too busy worrying about what
was going to happen.  At 6:00 sharp I was standing at her door with my nose
against it as she had instructed the first time.  Then I rang the bell.

After a few seconds, I heard Miss Lora.  "Come in and get yourself ready and in
position."  I opened the door and looked in.  I could hear some activity in the
kitchen, but I could not see.  My heart was beating so fast.  I quickly removed
my clothes except for the panties.  Then I got down on my hands and knees with
my nose on the floor and waited.   I could hear Miss Lora talking.  "Millie, are
you ready for some more wine?"  "Yes Lora, I would."  It was definitely the
voice of another woman.  I was getting more nervous.  "Here, take this and we
will go in there to see if our slave is properly attired."  I could hear them
walking up to me and I could see two pairs of shapely feet in front of me.  
"Well my pet, are you not going to greet us properly?"  I had almost forgoten. 
I moved forward and began planting kisses on her feet.  I did Miss Lora first
because I recognized her feet.  After a few moments she moved backwards.  I knew
that was the sign to start on Miss Millie's feet.  They felt different to my
lips.  Her skin felt warmer and her feet were a bit smaller.  "That's enough
boy.  Lets go over to the couch and sit down.  I want you to get acquainted with
are little pet." 

As they walked over to the couch, I got my first glimpse of Miss Millie.  She
was stunning.  She also had dark hair.  She was shorter than Miss Lora, and she
had large breasts.  Because of the short skirt and skimpy top she had on, it was
easy to see that she had a great figure.  I could only see her profile, but I
was sure she had a pretty face.

Miss Lora turned to me.  "Crawl over here and sit on the floor in front of
Millie."  I did as she asked.  I could feel my face start to burn.  I had just
gotten used to Miss Lora.  Now I had to humiliate myself before another woman.  
I got into position and looked down at the carpet.  I could not believe I was
doing this.  I was so embarrassed.  It suddenly scared me to think that I was in
this predicament.  As much as I had dreamed of it, the reality of actually doing
it was almost too much. 

"You can see that he is very obedient.  He does everything I tell him to do so
far.  I think he has possibilities Millie."  "Well, we will see.  I'll bet you
have not tested his pain limits yet, have you?"  "No, I have not.  He has a lot
to learn.  Feel free to do what ever you want with him tonight.  After all,
that's what he is here for."  As Miss Lora said that, she got up and started
walking to the kitchen.  "I'll get our dinner on the table while you spend a few
minutes getting acquainted. "  Miss Millie sunk back on the couch and lifted her
foot up to my face.  "I hope you are ready for me boy.  I'm not as easy as
Lora."  She moved forward and pulled my face to hers and began starring in my
eyes.  In a low whisper she said, " I am not as forgiving as Lora either, and I
do like to punish.  And by the way, I don't really need a reason.  She let go of
my chin and started to lean back.  Then, without warning she raised her right
hand and smacked my left cheek.  It stunned me.  My face must have been beat
red.   I didn't know what to do.  I just froze.  "Now, that's just a sample of
what you will get from me when you don't mind.  Do you understand me?"  Yes
ma'am.

"Lora, do you have any whips or paddles here?"  "No, I don't.  Remember, I am
not into the pain thing�like you, I have more humiliating ways of making my pets
mind."  I was scared now. Was she going to do painful things to me so quickly?  
A Thousand thoughts went through my head.  "Well, I guess I can wait until I get
him over to my place tomorrow."   Miss Lora walked into the living room.  "So
you have all ready decided to try him out?"  Miss Millie stood up and grabbed me
by my ear and began walking over to Miss Lora.  "Yes, I think he is worth a try. 
Is he a good ass licker?"  "Oh yes, he is good at that.  He could use a little
practice though.  Now, why don't you sit down?   Dinner is ready."  She looked
down at me.  "You get under the table.  If you are lucky, you'll get a few
scraps."   I felt a little relief.  Maybe she would not hurt me this evening.

Dinner was a strange experience.  I got a few scraps while they kicked me under
the table.  Miss Millie delighted in kicking me a few times in the balls.  When
they were done, I had to clean up while they sat in the living room and talked. 
"When you are finished, come in her and stand so we can see you."  I did as Miss
Lora said, and presented myself in the living room.  "Come over here.  I want
you to stand closer so we can watch you.  You are going to put on a show for
us."  I got scared again.  What did they mean my show?  As I walked over, Miss
Lora looked at Miss Millie.  "Lets make him worship your panties".  "That's a
good idea.  I have been on the go all day, so they are probably pretty rank." 
She rose up a little and put her hands under her dress.  She pulled her panties
down and over her knees.  She sat back down and let them fall to her ankles. 
Miss Lora looked up at me.  "Now boy, get down on your knees and beg Miss Millie
for her panties."

This was happening so quickly that I didn't know what to.  I had no idea they
were going to do this.  It was one thing to do this for Miss Lora when we were
alone, but to do this in front of two women was making me uneasy.  This was so
humiliating, but I knew I had to do it.  I quickly pulled myself together and
got down on my knees.  I reached out my hand to touch her panties.  "Lift her
feet one at a time and gently pull her panties off.  They are sacred to you boy,
so act like it."  Thank you ma'am for allowing me to remove your sacred panties. 
I lifted up her right foot and pulled her panties over her foot.  I did the same
with the left.  "Well boy, are you going to ask for permission?"  Yes ma'am.  I
looked up at Miss Millie.  Please Miss Millie may have the honor of worshiping
your precious panties?  My face must have been beet red.  I could fell the heat
generating from my cheeks, and my heart was racing.  With a little chuckle, "Yes
you may, slut."  I slowly raised her panties up to my face while I was unfolding
them.  I could see the yellowish damp area that had been close to her pussy, and
the darker streaked area that had been against her ass hole.  As her panties got
closer to my nose, I began to notice that distinct aroma of feminine secretions. 
It was that unmistakable odor that comes from a well-worn pair of panties.  It
was like a love potion.  Suddenly, all I could think of was pushing my nose to
the crotch of her panties.  Thank you ma'am for allowing me to smell your soiled
panties.  I brought them right up to my face and rubbed the crotch against my
nose.  Now the scent was very strong.  I could smell urine, sweat, and feminine
arousal, mixed into one unique aroma.  I could feel my face burn with
humiliation.  Yet my penis and balls were coming fully to life.

I was beginning to get used to being humiliated by two women.
For the first time since I had arrived this evening, my penis was becoming
erect.   The events of the day were flowing through my mind, and my desire to
serve these women was growing with each act of humiliation.  My aching balls
were reminding me that I was in desperate need of release.

I loved the smell of her panties.  Her heady aroma was making my penis so hard
that I was afraid I would start leaking.  "Does he just sniff them?"  "No, he
will clean them also."  I could tell by their conversation what I must do.  But
first I just had to smell further to the back of her panties.   I opened them up
and pushed the back panel against my nose to inhale her most personal odor.  The
acrid smell excited my senses.  Even though I was feeling more shame and
humiliation than I had ever felt before, the aroma of her panties was driving my
sexual need to new heights.  I stuck out my tongue and began licking the seat of
her panties.  "He is a panty slut.  I'll bet he is going to stick the crotch
into his mouth and suck it until it is clean."   I turned the panties inside out
so the dirtiest part was exposed.  I placed it under my nose one more time and
drank in the heady aroma of the pissy, sweaty material of her panty crotch. 
Then I folded it into my mouth and started sucking on it.  With her panties in
my mouth now, I could only face Miss Lora and Miss Millie.  This was extremely
humiliating.  Suddenly the reality of the situation hit me.  I was standing on
my knees, almost totally naked, sucking on the crotch of a dirty pair of
panties, in front of two beautiful women. 

" I think he is the biggest slut I have ever seen."  Miss Millie looked at Miss
Lora.  "He must be enjoying it.  Look at his pathetic penis through those
panties."   Through the humiliation and embarrassment I still managed to have a
massive erection.  I looked down and noticed that the front of my panties was
soaked with pre-cum.   "Well, hurry up and clean those panties.  I am waiting." 
I sucked greedily on her panties.  After a few moments I removed them from my
mouth and opened them up for inspection.  Miss Millie pulled them from my hand
and inspected them with a sadistic smile on her face.  Then she tossed them on
the floor.

Miss Lora folded her arms and sank back into the couch.  "He has been a good boy
these two days.  I think he deserves a little credit, and a reward.   Maybe we
should let him masturbate."  My heart jumped.  I was going to get to cum.  I
know my eyes must have opened twice their size.  Miss Millie spoke up.  "Are you
sure we should be that good to him.  After all, he is here for our benefit."   I
felt like my balls would explode.  What if they change their mind?   Please Miss
Lora and Miss Millie, may I be allowed to masturbate?  I could feel my face
burning with shame.  It was humiliating to think that I had to do this in front
of two women.  "I guess it will be ok", Miss Lora said.  "But first you are
going to take those panties off and suck all that pre-cum from them."

At that point, I would do anything to be able to cum.  I put my fingers in the
waistband and started pulling my panties down.  The head of my penis was already
protruding from the waistband, so they slid right off.  My penis stuck straight
up. As I looked down at it, I was relieved to think that I was going to be
allowed to cum.  I pulled the panties over my knees and feet.  The thought of
sucking my own pre-cum out of my panties meant more humiliation, but I knew I
had to do it.  I brought the front panel up to my face and started to suck on
the part that was wet.  As embarrassing as it was, I was happy to comply.  My
balls were aching for release.  I could actually feel my hand tremble.

"That's enough.  Now put them over you head with the crotch on your nose."  God,
just how humiliating can they get.  I guess it didn't matter.  All I could think
of was relieving my self.  I placed the panties over my head making sure the
crotch piece was against my nose. Miss Lora looked at me with a hard stare. 
"Now, grab you pathetic penis in your right hand and your balls in your left
hand.  But don't do anything else until you are told to do so."  I did as she
instructed.  It felt good to touch my penis and balls.  Miss Lora got up in my
face.  "Beg us for the right to cum."  She grabbed my chin.  "And you better be
convincing.  You know what it means if you are not."  The thought of not being
allowed to cum was driving all of my thoughts.  I was prepared to say or do
anything.

 Please Miss Lora and Miss Millie.  Please allow me to cum.  Please give me the
freedom to relieve the ache in my balls and my penis.  I promise to be obedient
and loyal to both of you and do anything you wish.  "Do you think we should
allow it?"  Miss Lora looked at Miss Millie.  "I guess so."  Then she looked at
me.  "On one condition.  You catch every bit of your cum and lick it off from
the palm of your hand.  Do you understand me?"  Yes ma'am.  I could hardly get
the words out.  I was afraid I would explode any moment.  She relaxed on the
couch again and starred at me for a few moments.  Then with a nonchalant motion
of her hand, "Well go ahead, do it."

Finally I could get relief.  Pushed the panties to the side of my face and
looked down at my erect penis. It was already secreting pre-cum.  I rubbed it
off and brought it to my mouth to dispose of it.  Then I put my hand back around
my penis and started slowly rubbing it.  Shame filled my head.  My face was hot,
and I felt totally humiliated.  However, I had never in my life been so in need
of a climax as I was at that moment.  I didn't take very long.  I could feel the
cum in my balls ready to erupt.  My penis was so sensitive, that a simple touch
from my hand would get me off.  As the feeling of climax started flowing through
my body, I brought my left hand from my balls up to the tip of my penis to catch
the cum that was about to fly out.  I put my hand over the head and jacked one
more time.  Then it hit.  I felt the cum boil from my balls and travel up my
penis.  It hit the palm of my hand like a shot.  Then suddenly I got that
relaxed feeling, and my nerves subsided.  I must have stopped moving for a few
moments.

"Well I would say he was ready for that.  Now, lick it up boy."  I usually don't
like the taste of my own cum.  Pre-cum is ok, but even my own cum has an unusual
taste that does not agree with me.  However, I was so excited, I think I didn't
give it a second thought.  In the heat of the moment, I brought my hand to my
mouth and sucked all of the cum from my palm.  There was so much, it was on my
fingers too.  I licked and sucked each one of those to get it all off.  Miss
Millie leaned forward and got in my face.  "So, you are a cum slut too.  Maybe
I'll bring my boy friend over some night.  He cums a quart when he is horny." 
Miss Lora looked at me.   Now, get dressed and get out of here.  Millie will
call you in the morning with instructions.

End of Part 6




7. Discipline

I got up early the next morning because I did not know what time Miss Millie
would call.  By 7:00 I had cleaned up and eaten breakfast.   I kept thinking
about the last two days and how they had changed my life.  It still felt like a
dream.  How fortunate I was to find what I had dreamed about so long.  The more
I thought about it, the more erect I got.  My balls were already beginning to
ache.  By 8:00 I was looking for something to do to keep my mind off of things. 
Regardless of what I tried to do, I thought about Miss Lora and Miss Millie. 
Then, at 8:30 the phone rang.  It almost scared me out of wits.  I cleared my
throat and answered the phone.  Hello.  There was no answer.  Hello.   No answer
again.  Hello.  "The next time you answer the phone when you know I am calling
you had better answer it appropriately."  Then she hung up.  Oh My God.  That
was Miss Millie.  What had I done wrong.  In an instant I knew.  I remembered
how Miss Lora made me say what I was and what my purpose was.  I am a submissive
slut and I am here to serve you.  That's what I did wrong.  But will she call
back?  I waited by the phone for about 10 minutes.  I was getting really
nervous.  Then, at about 8:45 it rang again.  What if it was not Miss Millie? 
What if its somebody from work?  Oh my god, what should I do?  I took a deep
breath.  Hello Miss Millie, I am your submissive slut and I am here to serve
you.  There was no answer and I started to panic.  I repeated it, but know
answer.  I repeated it again and closed my eyes and hoped it was her.  "Well,
that's a little better.  I live in the same building as Lora, apartment 212.  I
suggest you get her real quick".  Then she hung up. 

Oh my God, was I relieved.  I put a clean pair of white panties on, dressed and
flew out the door.  I drove as fast as I could.  Within 15 minutes of her call,
I was standing in front of apartment 212 with my nose on the peephole.  I pushed
the doorbell and waited.  I could hear someone come to the door, but it did not
open.  I waited a few moments and pushed the bell again.  I could hear motion
inside again.  I was beginning to wonder if I had the right door.  Then I heard
her voice.  "The door is open stupid.  Get in here and in position.  I opened
the door and got down on my knees quickly.  "Take your clothes off first
stupid."  She was standing in front of me in a short nightgown.  I hurriedly
removed my clothes except for my panties.  I tried not to look at her, but it
was difficult because she looked so beautiful.  I finally got in place.  She
walked behind me and tapped my balls with her foot.  It was hard enough to make
me flinch and grown.  "This is going to be problem if you are all ready moaning. 
If you can't take the pain, maybe you need to put your clothes back on and go." 
She immediately tapped my balls again.  I moved but I did not moan.  Please
allow me to stay and please you.  She walked around me again and put her foot on
my back.  "I want you to go into my bed room.  There are some restraints hanging
from the ceiling.  Put your hands in them and remain there. 

The apartment was laid out just like Miss Lora's, so I knew exactly where to go. 
There were two ropes hanging from the ceiling.  I did as she instructed and
stood there in silence.  My mind began wondering about what would happen next. 
Within a few moments I heard her come into the room.  She walked up behind me
and adjusted the restrains so I could not get out.  "You have already managed to
piss me off.  You don't know how to answer the phone.  You don't know how to
greet me when I open up my home to you.  Now what do you have to say for
yourself?"  I am sorry Miss Millie, I am very sorry and I will do better next
time.  She walked to her Dresser, opened up the top drawer and began taking
things out.  There was a whip, a leather strap, a flogger, a paddle and various
other straps.  "Well, it's obvious that you are in need of discipline.  I would
start at you feet and go to your head, but I think we both know where you need
your punishment.  Don't we?"  I didn't know what to say.  If I agreed she would
punish me.  If I did not agree she would probably punish me.  I only want to
please you Miss Millie.  Please do not hurt me.  "Hurt you?"  She walked around
me, and then stood in front of me.  She put her thumbs in the waistband of my
panties and started slowly pulling them down.  She bowed as she pulled them
down.  Her hair bushed across my penis.  Then she looked up at it.  "Hurt you? 
Of course I am going to hurt you."  She looked very carefully at my penis.  "And
this is a good place to start."  She reached for my penis with her hand and
gently massaged it.  With the other hand she cupped my balls and slowly began to
massage them.  I could feel myself getting hard.  The feeling of her hands was
marvelous.  Within a few moments I was fully erect.  She stood and kept one hand
on my penis.  "I think we have something for this."   She walked over to the
dresser and picked up a small strap.  It was long enough to put one end in her
had and leave about 6 inches sticking out.  "This will do fine." She stood back
a little and folder her arms.

"How dare you get an erection without my permission.  That will get you
additional punishment.  But, lets do things in order.  The first thing you did
wrong was use bad phone etiquette with me.  Is that right?"  Yes Ma'am.  "For
that you get 10 swats on your cock."  She immediately brought the strap down on
my protruding penis.  It hurt but not too bad.  Then the second one came.  It
was a little harder and hurt a lot more.  I cried out a little.  Then the third
was even harder. I pulled back and let out another cry. "Now you are going to
have to learn to take your punishment.  I have only started. "  Then she gave me
two quick smacks.  The sting was really bad.  I could not help but cry out.  She
walked around me and grabbed the head of my penis with her left hand.  Then she
landed two hard swats on the under side.  That really hurt. "I see you are
beginning to feel it.  Only 3 more left."  She took her hand further back this
time and let go with a hard blow across the underside of my penis.  It was so
hard she lost control and the end of the strap actually hit my balls.  I almost
lost it.  I cried out.  Please Miss Millie, don't hurt me anymore.  "Shut up you
little slut.  One more outburst and I will start over."   I could feel the tears
running down my check.  I knew I had to take it.  She backed off and landed two
more quick blows to the head of my penis.   It felt like she was cutting it off. 
I gritted my teeth so hard it hurt my jaw.  "There now, the next time you answer
the phone, you better use the proper language."

My penis was stinging.  I looked down and it was red.  I could see little strap
marks across the head and on the sides. "What was the second thing you did
wrong? "  Though the pain in penis was beginning to subside, my mind was still
not clear.  I thought for a few seconds.  "Well?"  I forgot to take my clothes
off before I got into position.  "That's right."  She walked over to the dresser
again.  She put down the strap and picked up the paddle.  My heart sunk.  She
was going to paddle me.  Oh my God!  "Oh my God?  I don't think that is going to
help.  You were bad and you must be punished."  She walked around me and I could
see half of her through the dresser mirror.  Her am went up.  I closed my eyes
and held my breath in anticipation.  Smack!!  The pain shot through my ass
cheek.  Smack!!  Again in the same place.  Smack!!  The third one came down like
a sheet of fire.  I screamed out in pain.  "You are screaming already and I have
not even told you how many you are getting."  Smack!!  And closely after that
the fifth one came down.  Smack!!  Oh my God Miss Millie, please have mercy on
me.  I can't stand it.  It hurts so bad.  "Well, then you won't like the next 5
any better."  I don't remember too much about the next 5 other than I felt like
my ass was on fire.  I lost my breath by the last one and I could not even cry
out.

"My, but you are such a cry baby.  Do you remember what your last offense was? 
I was so absorbed in my punishment by then I could not remember.  "I'll remind
you."  She grabbed the head of my penis and looked in my eyes.  "This worthless
piece of flesh had the nerve to become erect without my permission.  The only
time you have permission to become erect is when I am naked or when you are
servicing me.  Do you understand?"  Yes ma'am.  "Why did you become erect?"  I
had to think. I don't know ma'am.  "You don't know?  She walked around me
looking up and down my body.  Then she paused.  I know, because these are full
of cum?  She grabbed my balls.  "Yes ma'am.  "So these are the culprits and they
need to be punished."  My heart really sank.  Not my balls Miss Millie!  "Yes, I
am afraid so.  You need to learn."  She reached over my head and started
releasing my hands.  I didn't know what to think.  When I was finally free, she
walked over to the dresser and picked up a long switch.  "Now, go lie down on
the bed so that your head and shoulders are hanging over the side."  I did as
she instructed.  "Now, slide off the bed until the top of your shoulders are
resting on the floor."  As soon as I did that I knew what she was doing.  My
torso was upside down.  My penis was lying on my stomach and my balls were in
perfect position. 

"Spread those legs."  I had to balance myself with my hands to keep from
falling. God, this was so humiliating.  I had to comply with her wishes knowing
what she was going to do.  But I had no choice but to comply.  "Now that we have
those disobedient balls of yours in position for punishment, I want you to think
about what you have done."   As she walked about the room I got more nervous. 
The anticipation was killing me.  "Your balls will learn to obey."  With that
she brought the first blow down on my exposed balls.  It felt like a knife.  I
cried out.  For the next few minutes, I did a balancing act of trying to stay in
position and cope with the stinging blows coming from the switch she was using. 
After about a dozen flicks with the switch, she looked down at me.  "One more
for good measure."  As the last blow hit my balls, I thought I would die.  I
slid down on the floor with tears streaming down my face.  "When you think you
can treat me appropriately, you can crawl back to the front door and we will
start over.   But don't forget why you were punished or you might get it again.

I lay there for a few minutes to collect my thoughts.  My ass, balls and penis
were still stinging.  I put my panties back on and got on my hands and knees to
crawl back to the front door.  As I got in place near the door, I noticed that
Miss Millie was standing in the doorway.  She had removed her nightgown.  She
had on a pair of pink panties and a matching see-through top.  She was gorgeous. 
I don't think I had ever scene such a sexy woman in person.  I tried not to look
because she had not given me permission, so I limited myself to catching a
glimpse out of the corner of my eye.  She began walking toward me.  I needed to
say something to get on her good side.  I am very sorry Miss Millie for the bad
things I have done.  I hope you will forgive me.  I will do anything you ask to
earn your forgiveness.   "You will?  Well, we will see about that."  She walked
up to me and put her feet at my face.  I immediately started kissing her toes. 
One at a time I worshiped them.  "That's enough.  Follow me to the couch." 

I crawled behind her to the couch.  I could not take my eyes off her beautiful
body.  She sat down and leisurely spread her legs.  "Raise up on your knees and
tell me what you can do for me to make me want to forgive you."   When I rose up
I got a good look at her body for the first time.  It was beautiful.  I could
see through her top.  She had large nipples that protruded from her breast.  Her
tummy was not totally flat, but it was very sexy.  She had a full bush of hair
that was visible through her panties.  The crotch of her panties appeared to be
wet.  I will be honored to please Miss Millie in any way you choose ma'am.  I
will worship your heavenly pussy and asshole with my submissive mouth and bring
you pleasure as long as you like.  You can even use me as your toilet.

She did not say anything.  She looked at me for a few moments.  Then she reached
to the side of her panties and unsnapped them.  She did the same with the other
side.  She rose up a little and pulled them off.  I could not take my eyes off
of her magnificent bush.  Her hair was very thick, but unlike Miss Lora she
trimmed it on the sides and top.  She exposed the crotch of her panties, then
leaned forward.  "Come her panty boy."  I leaned forward, and she pushed the
panty crotch to my nose.  I immediately inhaled her scent.  It was like pushing
a button connected to my penis.  It immediately started to get hard.  After all
I had just been though, this beautiful woman was making me hard as a rock.  The
scent of her urine and other secretions filled my nostrils.  I instinctively
stick out my tongue to taste it.  She pulled them back.  Then she slid forward
until her legs were spread and her ass checks had opened.  There before me was
one of the most beautiful pussies I had ever scene.  Her ass hole was just as
lovely.  It was very dark and only a few hairs stuck out in the colored area
around her hole.  She took her panty crotch and rubbed over pussy lips and
soaked all of the juice out.  Then she pushed forward a little more and wiped it
across her butt hole.  The sight of this made my penis so hard that my balls
started to ache.  Then she moved forward again and rubbed the panty crotch on my
nose and lips.  I closed my eyes and imagined that it was her pussy in my face.
.

"You are supposed to be a good ass licker.  Lets see if that is true."  She got
up from the couch and stood in front of me with her ass right in my face.  Then
she bent forward and put her hands on the couch.  "Lick my ass."   That was all
the coaxing I needed.  I moved forward and put my tongue on her butt hole.  I
was immediately rewarded with the rich sharp taste of her acrid opening.  The
unique odor emanating from her crotch was worth all that I had been through.  I
rubbed my nose on her puckered opening.  I licked it.  I kissed it.  I could not
get enough of it.  "Lick my pussy too."  She turned around, put her foot on the
coffee table, and spread her pussy open.  I eagerly complied by putting my nose
and tongue to work.  The scent of her pussy quickly filled my nose, and the
sweet juices from her vagina began flowing into my mouth.  "I like to piss while
I am having an orgasm, so you better be prepared to swallow."  I could not
believe my good fortune.  I always dreamed of a woman pissing in my mouth while
she was going off.  I would be the ultimate gift from a submissive to swallow a
woman's piss and cum at the same time.  My balls were aching at the thought of
achieving this goal.  " I also have at least two orgasms. So don't stop until I
tell you to."  I sealed my mouth over her wonderful pussy and began darting my
tongue over her clitoris and inside her vagina.  I stuck it in as far as I
could.  Her juices were becoming creamier, and the taste much sweeter.  "Keep
doing that.  I am about to cum."  I just kept on doing what I was doing.  All I
could think about was making her cum so she would piss in my mouth.  "Keep
licking slut.  Keep licking."  Then suddenly she began to shake.  "Oh that's it
I am Cumming."  Her creamy juices were flowing like syrup.  Then just as it
tasted as sweet as it could get, I noticed a distinct change.  The cream flavor
was gone and the taste became tangier.  She was beginning to release her
bladder.  It gradually turned to a vinegar like taste.  I was swallowing her
piss.  It was so erotic, I actually loved the taste of it.  She did not piss a
large quality, but it was enough to fill my mouth twice.  I swallowed while I
was continuing to service her clitoris and vagina.  She finally stopped her flow
of piss and moved off of my face.

"Get your ass on the floor and your head on the couch."  I quickly moved into
place.  She climbed on the couch, squatted over me and put her hands on the back
of the couch.  Her ass hole was just over my mouth.  She sat down with enough
pressure to pin my mouth to her ass hole.  My nose was stuffed in her pussy.  I
began licking her butt hole.   "Stick your tongue in it all the way."  I felt
her relax.  Then I pointed my tongue and pushed it into her ass hole.  It went
in easily.  I could taste the secretions from her pussy mixed with the flavors
of her ass hole.  My nose was filled with pussy and my mouth was savoring her
ass hole.  This went on for a long time. I had always heard that a women can
achieve a climax from anal stimulation, but it takes longer.  I believe it now. 
It seemed like I was doing this for an hour.  Finally she began to shake and I
knew she was getting close.  "Lick it.  Lick my asshole. Suck the cum out of my
asshole."  Then it happened.  She came again.   She sat down on my face so hard
I could not breath.  About the time I thought I was going to pass out, she
raised up.  "Take a deep breath."  I did.  I took two or three deep breaths. 
"That's enough.  Open wide".  She moved back a little and placed her pussy over
my open mouth.  "Stay just like that". There I was looking up at the pussy and
butt hole I had been worshiping.  I could feel my penis throbbing and my balls
aching for release.  Suddenly a few drops of piss come down in my mouth.  Soon
to follow was a generous golden stream of piss for me to drink.  "Drink my piss
you worthless slut.  Drink it all down."  She squirted a few more times before
she was finished. She stood up, took the panties she had on earlier and wiped
her pussy and butt hole again.  "Open wide slut."  Then she pushed them in my
mouth.  "Wash them out for me.  And clean that mess off of your stomach."  I
looked down at my erection.  My penis had gotten so hard that it protruded from
my panties and secreted pre-cum all over my stomach.

She turned and went to her bedroom.  I pulled her panties out of my mouth and
sat up.  I cleaned myself up.  My penis was still as hard as a rock.  I knew not
to touch it very much or my balls would erupt.  I put Miss Millie's panties back
in my mouth and sucked on them until the entire flavor was gone.

End of Part 7




8. Something I had not counted on

I could hear Miss Millie talking on the phone.  She talked for a long time.  I
was afraid to do anything for fear of displeasing her.  She finally stopped
talking and I heard her hang up the phone.  She walked back into the room.  "Get
busy and clean this place up.  We are having company this afternoon."  She gave
me a verbal list of things to do.  I quickly responded hoping to stay on her
good side.  She went off to the bedroom to shower and get ready.  She did not
say who was coming to visit.  But I figured it was another one of Miss Lora's
friends.  Miss Millie had me prepare the two of us something to eat.  Of course
I ate from the floor under the table.  I had to massage her feet and legs while
she ate.  Afterwards I cleaned up the kitchen while she got dressed.   I was so
busy I did not have time to think about what laid in store for me this
afternoon.  I guess I assumed it would be more of the same.  Did I get a
surprise!

"Go clean yourself up, and wash the mess from those panties."  In all of the
activity this morning I had secreted a lot of pre-cum, and my panties were
stained.   "He will be here at 1:30 and I want you ready to greet him at the
door."  My jaw must have dropped to the floor.  Did she say He?  He ma'am? 
"Yes, He.  Now get ready."  My heart was beating out of my chest.  I could feel
that pain in my stomach like you get when something bad is going to happen. 
Then I remembered what she had said last night when her and Miss Lora had
allowed me to cum.  "So, you are a cum slut too.  Maybe I'll bring my boy friend
over some night.  He cums a quart when he is horny."  My God, she is going to
make me eat his cum.   As the reality hit me I thought about leaving.  It will
probably mean that I can never come back.  I may never find anybody like Miss
Lora and Miss Millie again.  But I don't want to eat somebody else's cum.  I am
not gay.

What should I do?   I continued to get ready.  I cleaned up and washed my
panties.  Maybe I should stay a while and see what happens.  Maybe she won't
make me do anything.  Maybe he is just dropping by and won't stay.  I must at
least give it a chance.   That's what I will do.  Then I remembered having a
fantasy a few times about being forced to do things I would not normally do. 
When I first got into BDSM I would only fantasize about women.  Some of the
stories I read included situations where the Mistress would force the slave to
perform orally on another male slave.  Sometimes the slave would have to eat the
others cum.  At first I would skip over those parts.  But as time went on I
became more interested in the fact that the slave was forced to do it.  That
made it ok.  He did not have to be gay.  He was just following orders.  I even
fantasized that I was forced to do it.  But I never thought I would really do
it. 

I got down on my hands and knees and crawled to the front door and got into
position.  "I see you are ready.  That's good.  He will be here in a few
moments.  I expect you to perform well.  He is one of my favorite black
friends."   Oh my God, she can't do this to me.  Now this has gone too far.  "By
the way, if you don't want to go through with this, you are welcome to leave. 
But you know of course that you will be forbidden to come back.  We can always
find another slut like you.  There are plenty around."

I rose up on my knees to protest, but I got a mind-altering surprise.  She was
dressed only in a long t-shirt, and she had it pulled up with her pussy in full
view.  My nose was only inches from her hair and that wonderful scent
immediately permeated my nostrils.   "How long do you think it will take you to
find something like this"?   Then she rubbed her finger across her pussy lips
and stuck it under my nose.  My penis immediately responded and I could feel
that churning in my balls.  "Well?"  Suddenly I was under her spell again.  The
smell of her pussy was like a drug.  All I could think of was serving her needs
and being controlled by her.  "Well, I am waiting."  Yes ma'am I will be good. 
It was as if someone besides me had taken control of my body. 

Suddenly the doorbell rang.  I almost jumped out of my skin.  "Get in position
slut."  I quickly got my nose in the carpet.  "Come in."  I saw the door open
and he stepped in.  Miss Millie went to him and they embraced.  I think they
kissed for a minute or two.  "Well, here is our little slave I told you about. 
He may look a little battered.  I had to work him over this morning.  He is
still in training.  Come on over to the couch.  I know you don't have much time,
so lets make the best of it."  They walked over to the couch and sat down.  That
gave me a moment of hope.  Maybe that meant there would not be time for them to
do anything.  But my hopes were cut short.  They talked for only a minute.  It
was obvious from the conversation that they were going to get physical.  "Let's
get those clothes off of you."  I could hear them rustling around and the sound
of a zipper.  Maybe they would forget that I am here.  I could hear the distinct
sounds of lovemaking.  A few minutes went by.  I was getting very anxious. 

"Get over here slut.  I want to show you what a real cock looks like."  My heart
sank.  I froze. I didn't know what to do.  "Remember what I told you."  Yes
ma'am.  In an instant I was back on track.  I started crawling over to the
couch.  As I approached the couch I kept my head down.  I could feel the heat in
my face.  This is the most humiliated I had ever been, even more than I had ever
imagined.  "That's it, come on over here.  I want you to see a real cock."  Then
both of them separated and sat side by side on the couch.  I could see him
spread his legs.  Even without looking directly at it, it was obvious that he
had one of the biggest cocks I had ever seen.  It was black and it was sticking
straight up.  He was totally shaved.  "Get over here I want you to get a close
up look. "  God, I must have been beat red and my heart was going faster than
ever.  I could feel it pounding in my chest.  My head was only inches from the
couch and I was directly facing him.  "Raise you head and move in closer."  I
couldn't do it, but something seemed to be guiding me.  It was as if I was not
controlling my body.  I raised my head and moved forward until my chest was up
against the couch.  I was looking directly at his huge black balls.  I could
even smell him.  His balls were like melons each suspended in its own loosely
fitted sack.  His cock was very thick where it emerged from his balls.  It stuck
straight up with a slight bend to it.  As my eyes followed it to the top I
noticed that he was not circumcised.  I could see a drop of pre-cum clinging to
his slit. "This is what makes a woman's pussy feel good."  She moved her hand
over to his cock and started masturbating him.  "Look at his balls, so full of
cum."  She moved up to his face and kissed him on the lips.  "I'll bet you are
ready for a big cum, honey?"  I could see him shake his head and moan as she
pumped his cock.  "Now my little slut, you are going to help us out here. 
Usually I like to get him off by sucking on his balls while I jack him off. 
But, it seems like you are in a better position that I am for that." 

Oh my God.  She is going to make me do it.  "Open that slut mouth of yours and
start licking his balls."  My mind was screaming no, but my body was no
cooperating.  I wanted to get up and leave, but I kept thinking about the last
two days and how much my life had changed.  I had no other choice.  I moved
forward, opened up my mouth, stuck out my tongue and touched it to his balls." 
Open your mouth.  Here, let me help."  She put her fingers under his balls and
began pushing the left sack into my mouth.  I could not believe it was real. 
Here I was on my hands and knees, wearing a pair of panties, being controlled by
this cruel sexy woman, and sucking on her black boyfriends balls.  "Now suck on
the other one."  She pulled the left one out and put the right one in.  I could
feel the stubble of his balls on my lips and tongue.  I closed my eyes and hoped
that it was a bad dream.  But it wasn't.  "Open wider.  I want you to suck on
both of them.  He likes that."  I was so ashamed, but it was too late to back
off.  I just did what she told me to do.  I guess in the back of my mind I had
wondered what it was like to have a set of balls in my mouth.

I opened my eyes just as she noticed the drop of pre-cum on his slit.  She used
her finger to catch it.  Oh no!  She will make me lick it off.  "Here cum slut,
get your first taste."  She pushed me away from his balls and stuck her finger
to my lips before I had time to think.  I thought my stomach would turn, but it
didn't.  She immediately pushed my face back into his balls.  "Now cum slut, its
time to start on his cock.  I want you to start kissing his cock here above his
balls, then lick all the way up his shaft until you get to the top."   I wanted
to revolt.  I knew where this was leading and I did not want to follow.  She
grabbed my hair and pulled it up.  "Get started slut."  I wanted to leave so
badly, but I knew it would be all over if I did.  I decided to co-operate and go
a little further.  I started kissing his cock at the base.  The skin there was
smoother.  "Now start licking.  That's right, lick it all the way to the top." 
By now I was just following orders.  I had lost all sense of dignity and shame. 
I felt like a zombie.  "Are you ready for that well deserved cum honey?"  I
could hear him moan again and his cock started twitching.  "OK cum slut, lick
his cock a few more times.  Then I want you to raise up and suck on the head." 
I new she was going to make me do that.  All of sudden, the world just seemed to
move in slow motion.  I took one last lick from his balls to the top of his
cock.  His pre-cum was leaking down the underside of his shaft.   "Now take his
head in your mouth."   I couldn't do it.  God, I couldn't do it.  "Don't forget
what I told you."  It was no use.  I moved up and put my mouth over the top of
his cock.   I closed my eyes and hoped it would go away.  His huge black head
was so large it filled my mouth.  His foreskin retracted each time she
masturbated him, and I noticed a stale pissy taste on the underside of his cock
head.  My stomach was starting feel sick.  But it was soon replaced by the silky
taste of his pre-cum.

I could feel his cock pulsating.  Miss Millie put her both of her hands around
his cock and started pumping.  "Oh God," he said.  "I am going to cum.  I am
going to cum."  I closed my eyes and tried to focus on something else.  I just
wanted to get it over with.  "Get ready cum slut.  Remember, his balls are
full."  Then I heard him gasp.  He pushed forward and then it happened.  I could
feel a big squirt in my mouth.  It immediately hit the back of my mouth and
assaulted my taste buds.  I had tasted my own cum a number of times, so I
thought I might be somewhat prepared.  But I had also heard that every man's cum
taste a little different.  They were right.  It did not taste like mine.  It had
a sharper tangier taste.  It was as thick as syrup.  I was afraid I would throw
up.  Thinking back on it now, it was not the taste that made me want to be sick,
it was my shame.  His whole body jerked and another shot came out.  Now my mouth
was filled with his seed.  I felt like my cheeks were being forced out, and his
taste filled my mouth.  Then another shot.  I could not hold it all in my mouth
and I did not want to swallow it, so it started leaking out and running down his
shaft.  "Don't you waste that.  You are going to eat it all."  I should have
known.  She will make me do it.  I closed my eyes, held my breath and tried to
swallow.  Remember how you did when you were a kid and your mother made you eat
something you didn't like.  About the time I got the nerve to swallow, another
load shot out.  Then in one big gulp I swallow what was in my mouth.  I could
not believe how much cum was in him.  She gabbed my head and pulled me away. 
His cum was so thick; a string of it clung to his cock and the other end to my
lips.  "You are a cum slut.  Let me see you lick your lips."  I wanted to wipe
if off with my hand, but I knew she wouldn't let me.  I ran my tongue over my
lips and brought it into my mouth.  My whole mouth tasted like his seed.  I
could even smell it too.

Then I remembered how I have always wanted to eat my own cum before I have a
climax.  However, after I have the climax, the desire to eat it diminishes.  It
sounds funny, but it is true.  I noticed it is the same way with eating pussy. 
It is fun to do before you cum, but after you cum it is not nearly as much fun. 
In fact I dreamed one time that my Mistress was forcing me to suck a man's cock,
but I could not see who he was and he could not see me.  In the dream, I sucked
him until he came.  I swallowed his cum and enjoyed it.  Could I make this
situation like the dream I had?  I closed my eyes and imagined that I was
dreaming.  I swished my tongue around in my mouth to see if it tasted the same
way as it had in the dream.  "You are not finished yet slut.  You left a mess." 
She pointed at his cock.  The head of his cock was still secreting fluid.  It
was running down his shaft.  The cum that had been forced from my mouth earlier
had run down his cock and collected on his balls.  "Get down there and clean it
up."  She grabbed my head and pushed me down so my mouth was on his balls.  I
did what I had to do.  I began licking his balls and cock just like it was an
ice cream cone.  There was an enormous amount of residues from his orgasm still
on his cock and balls.  "Use your hand.  I want to see you look like a real cock
sucker."  How much more could I take?  How much more humiliation will she impose
upon me?  That's when I just lost it.  I just followed her orders.  I brought my
right hand up and put it around his shaft.  I finished licking his balls, and
then I moved up to the head and licked it.  "Try to stick your tongue in his
slit and suck the rest of his cum out."  I had already humiliated myself more
than I had ever felt possible.  I might as well do that. Now, I felt like a
cocksucker; holding his cock with my hand and cleaning it like a cheap whore. 
"Ok, you're finished.  Go sit by the door."

Finally it was over.  I got back on my hands and knees and started back to the
door.  For the last three days, I have been worried about my penis leaking and
my balls getting soar from having an rection.  I quickly looked down to my
panties.  I could not believe it.  My penis was as hard as ever, and my panties
were soaked with pre-cum.  Oh my God!

End of Part 8




My Submissive Life


9. Miss Tina

Miss Millie made me eat her pussy for an hour after her boyfriend left.  She
must have had four orgasms.  Finally she grew tired of me and made me go home. 
On the way home I couldn't help thinking about what I had done with her
boyfriend.  I wanted to be used so badly by these beautiful women, but why did I
suck a cock and eat cum like that.  It made me a little sick to think about it. 
But what really bothered me was my reaction to it.  Why would I have an erection
after sucking a man's cock and eating his cum?
I had thought about it before but never intended to do it.  After all, I am not
gay.  It took hours for me to get it off my mind and go to sleep that night.

The next morning I decided to concentrate more on the entire experience of the
weekend.  It was wonderful.  I was fulfilling my dreams.  Other than the one
experience I was getting comfortable with my new life.  The only other thing
that bothered me was my constant desire to cum.  Even at work, when I would
think about my submission I would get an erection.  I had to put tissues in my
shorts to soak up all the pre-cum.    I was afraid to relieve myself.  If my
balls are not full, they will know.  Also, I really wanted to be loyal to Miss
Lora and Miss Millie.  I wanted them to control me.  It was all I could think
of.

On the way home Monday evening, I started wondering if I should contact Miss
Lora.  By the time I got home I remembered she had told me to stay in contact.  
I left a phone message telling her how much I enjoyed serving her and Miss
Millie, and that I was honored to be their submissive slut.  I also begged for
permission to serve them a soon as possible.  I spent the rest of the evening
hoping she would call.  I kept getting erections and my balls were aching for
relief.  I know now what they mean by "Blue Balls".  I wanted to relieve myself
so bad.  I finally went to bed and tried to get some sleep. 

The next morning I went to work, and worried all day that I would have another
grueling evening.  I left another message when I got home begging Miss Lora to
allow me to please her in some way.  I kept practicing over and over what I
would say if she called.

I am your submissive slut and I am here to please you.
I am your submissive slut and I am here to please you.

 I was about to go out of my mind with desire.  Then, about 8:00 the phone rang. 
I grabbed the phone on the first ring.  My heart was in my throat.  Hello, I am
your submissive slut and I am here to serve you.  Then there was silence.  Oh my
God, what if it is someone else.  I clenched the phone and said it again.  Then
the voice on the other end said.  "So, what makes you think I want you to serve
me?"  Who was this? It was not Miss Millie or Miss Lora.  The voice was too
deep.  I am Miss Lora's submissive slut ma'am, and I will do anything to please
her or any of her friends.  Then I closed my eyes and held my breath. 

"My name is Tina.  You may call me Miss Tina.  I have seen you in the Mall, and
I have talked to Lora and Millie about you."  My heart was racing now, but I was
also relieved.  It was one of their friends.  Maybe she was going to allow me to
serve her.  "I am not like Lora and Millie.  I have different needs.  How do I
know you can serve those needs?"  I am sure I can Miss Tina.  Please allow me
the chance to answer any questions you may have.  I truly want to serve you. 
After a few moments of silence she responded.  "I am very demanding, and I do
not spare the rod, if you know what I mean.  I like to inflict some pain."  She
paused.  "Not constant pain, not excruciating pain, but enough to satisfy my
need to see you squirm and beg.  If you can't take it, then don't waste my time.  
Of course, if you don't...... Well you know what that means."  I knew exactly
what it meant.  I would be banished by all of them.  Oh God, I didn't want that. 
"Well, what do you have to say?"  Please Miss Tina, please let me serve you.

"Tomorrow is my night off.  I want you to come to Millie's apartment.  She is
out of town, and I will be staying at her place.  You will be there at 6:00.  Do
you know what happens to little boys that are late?"  Her question scared me.  I
was not expecting that kind of question.  A...yes Miss Tina   I...think so. 
"Well, you had better be prepared.  By the way, I don't like little boys that
are early either.  So get your time piece right and hope that it is synchronized
with mine."  Then she hung up.   Oh my God. I was excited.  I would be able to
serve another beautiful dominant woman.  As the excitement began to fade a
little, I wondered what she was going to do.  I wondered what she meant by being
late and being early.  Her deep voice kept echoing in my ears.  I became erect
just thinking about it. 

I managed to get to sleep that night without touching my aching penis and balls. 
The next day at work I could not help thinking about what Miss Tina was going to
do with me.  I rushed home after work, showered and got dressed.  I was ready by
5:30.  I started over to Miss Millie's apartment.  I did not want to be late.  I
had checked my watch earlier with the correct time to make sure it was accurate. 
I got there early and walked about for a few moments constantly glancing at my
watch.  At 5:55 I started up the stairs.  I stayed in the stairwell until 5:59. 
I was really getting nervous.  I watched as the seconds ticked down, and made
sure I had my nose in the peephole at a few seconds before 6:00.  Then I rang
the doorbell.  My heart was beating fast and my palms were wet.  I could hear
steps inside.

"Get in here and assume the position."  I immediately opened the door and
quickly got to my hands and knees with my nose in the carpet.  With just a quick
glance I could tell that she did not have the slim model like qualities of Miss
Lora and Millie.  She was tall and built much bigger. "You're a minute late." 
My heart sunk.  " You know what that means?"   I am sorry Miss Tina; I thought
my watch was correct.  "Well its obviously not, or are you going to disagree
with me?"  No ma'am.  "When I tell you to get up, you will remove your clothes,
your panties too.  I don't care for panties.  They get in my way.  Then, you
will go into the spare bedroom.  I have the punishment bench ready."  I should
have guessed, she was going to punish me immediately.  My need to serve was so
strong I didn't care.  I could feel myself balls beginning to stir.  " You will
lie down face up and await further instruction.  Now get up. "

I quickly got up as she walked away.  I removed all of my clothes and within a
few moments I was in the spare bedroom lying down.  As she walked into the room
I got my first real look at her.  She had beautiful long hair, and her face was
even more beautiful.  She was taller than I had originally thought, and she was
big. Not fat, but large.  She was bigger than most men.  From my subordinate
view she was intimidating.  She walked over to the side of the bench and grabbed
my left hand.  "I am going to restrain you.  I hope that is not a problem.  As
if you have any choice."  I was afraid to say anything.  She attached a
restraint to my wrist. Then she attached that to the side of the bench.  She
walked around to the other side and did the same.  Then she went down to my
feet.  She pulled them to the side and secured them.  "Try to get loose."  I
pulled a little and quickly realized I was not going anywhere.  "This will keep
you from moving around too much when your punishment begins."   She also pulled
my knees apart as far as they would go and attached restraints to those.  I
looked down and noticed for the first time that my penis and balls were very
much exposed.  My penis was limp, but I could still feel that churning in my
balls.  I had not cum since Saturday.  I looked up to the ceiling and saw mirror
tile.  I could see most of my body without having to look down at it.

She walked over to a small table nearby.  I noticed that she had a number of
devices and leather type straps and paddles on it.  I suddenly got a sick
feeling in my gut.  When she turned back, she had a thick cord in her hand. 
"First we are going to tie this around you cock and balls so they will stand out
and be presented properly for punishment."  I was starting to get worried.  She
confidently and expertly tied the cord around my cock and balls several times,
then tied the ends just below my balls.  The manipulation of my penis and balls
was getting me aroused.  I could tell that my balls had already begun to swell a
little.  She pushed her finger in on them to see if they were tight enough.  It
felt good, and for the first time since I had arrived, my cock was getting hard. 
"Oh my, look what you have done.  Naughty boy, getting a hard on without my
permission.  You are going to pay for that." 

She turned back to the table and came back with a wooden spoon, about 10 inches
long.  She smacked it against her left palm.  "Let's see if we can remedy this
situation."  She raised it up over my penis.  I tensed up expecting a hard
smack.  But to my surprise, she used it to administer a series of short smacks
that actually felt good.  In fact I could feel my penis getting harder.  I was
so in need of a climax, I was afraid these little smacks might take me over the
edge.  "I guess it is not really your cock's fault."  She paused for moment and
pulled the strap back.  "Its your balls!! "  Then she raised her arm and came
down on my balls with a heavy smack.   I stung so bad I yelled out loudly.  Then
she hit them again just as hard.  I yelled again.  I could feel the tears
already start to run down my face.  She hit them a third time.  Please Miss
Tina.  Please stop.

"After what you have done.  Why should I stop?"  She bent down in my face and
took my jaw in one hand.  "You have been told that you are to control that cock
of yours.  Miss Lora told you that you are not to become erect in front of your
mistress unless we are naked or you are serving us.  Is that not correct!"  I
remembered what Miss Millie had said now.  Yes ma'am, I am so sorry.  "You had
better not forget again."  She moved back and began removing her housedress.  "I
get warm when I am pissed me off."   She turned around as she began removing it,
and I quickly noticed that she was naked underneath.   She put the strap down,
and reached for something else.  As she turned back, for the first time I could
see her beautiful body.  As large as she was, she was beautiful.  She had huge
breasts with large erect nipples.   While she was a little heavy around the
middle, she was still very shapely for a woman her size.  She had a very large
amount of pubic hair, and it was untrimmed.  She was stunning. "Are you going to
piss me off again?"  No ma'am.  My balls were still stinging and I had lost my
erection.   "It looks like I will have to spend more time training your cock and
balls than I originally expected. When we are done with that, you will service
my other needs.  I get very horny during punishment sessions."

She turned back to the table and picked up a narrow wooden dowel.  It was
probably 2 1/2 feet long.  She swished it in the air a few times.  "Have you
been caned before?"  Oh no Miss Tina. Please don't do that.  "Why not, I think
it would be fun."  She rubbed the end of the cane across my penis and balls. 
"Close your eyes and think about it."  I closed my eyes.  "Can you can feel the
cut of the cane as it comes down on your cock."  She tapped it lightly on my
penis.  It felt so good.  Every time she touched my penis with something it made
me want her so bad.  My cock was very sensitive and I needed to cum so bad.  I
looked up at the ceiling tile and I could see my cock growing again.  "Oh my,
what do we have here?  I think you like this.  Don't you?"  Yes Miss Tina, that
feels so good.  She began to tap a little harder.  It was starting to sting a
little, but it still felt good.  "You're not going to do anything bad now? "   I
knew what she meant.  She was making my cock feel so good.  It was really
getting hard now.  "This is not what I had in mind.  You have been such a bad
boy tonight.  You are not ready for any privileges yet."  The way she said that
made me think that I will get privileges.  Does that mean she is going to let me
cum.  Maybe she means if I am good she is going to let me cum.  I promise to be
good Miss Tina.  Please let me serve you and make you feel good.  "I am feeling
good all ready."  She began to tap much harder, and the blows began to sting
much more.  They were becoming very uncomfortable.  "Yes, I am feeling much
better."  She moved a little to the side and swished the cane again.  "Let's
give it try."  She turned back toward me and began swishing the cane over my
penis.  Suddenly she made contact.   Oh my god!  She did it again.  Oh Please
Miss Tina, that hurts!  She did it again, only harder.  It felt like she was
cutting my penis off.  Please Miss Tina!  Then she did about three in a row. 
God, it hurt really bad.  I was having trouble getting my breath.  Please Miss
Tina, Please stop. It hurts so badly.  I looked at myself in the ceiling tile
again and my penis looked distorted.  It was only semi erect and it had large
red stripes on it.  "You are such a cry baby, and the evening is only
beginning."  Then she landed one on my balls.  Oh my God Miss Tina.  Please have
mercy.  I will do anything if you stop.  She slowly turned back to the table and
put the cane down.  I was so relieved; I closed my eyes and took a slow breath.

She stood there for a few moments as if she was trying to determine what she
wanted to do next.  When she turned around she had a strange device in her hand. 
It was two pieces of wood with two large bolts and wing nuts on either end.  I
suddenly realized what it was.  I had seen it in bondage magazines.  It was a
ball crusher.  "Do you know what this is my little pet?"  I am not sure ma'am. 
I was trying to play dumb.  "I'll bet you know exactly what it is.  You were
trying to fool me, weren't you?"  I was afraid to answer now.  She placed it on
my stomach and started untying the cord from around my penis and balls.  The
sting from the caning was subsiding and her hands felt good on my balls.  In
fact, it felt so good, I was getting hard again.  This time she wrapped the cord
around my balls only.  She kept wrapping it around until there was just enough
cord to tie the ends together.  Now, my balls were held tightly in my ball sack. 
She flipped them a few times with her finger and thumb to see my reaction.  I
flinched.  "Now, we have your balls ready for crushing.  I just love to crush
balls." 

Its hard to explain how somebody can be so cruel to you, yet make you so horney
you could die.  The whole time she was handling my balls and talking about
crushing them, I was thinking how much I wanted to cum.  But even stronger I was
thinking how much I wanted to serve Miss Tina.  I glanced at her ass while she
was working on me.  It was large, but smooth looking and inviting.  I thought
how I would love to put my head between her legs and smell her.  I swear, I
think she was able to read my mind.  She walked around to my head and stood over
me.  She reached down to get the ball crusher.  This meant her pussy hair was
practically in my face.  I could smell her.  It was that distinct odor of
feminine arousal.   It overwhelmed me, and in an instant my cock became so hard
I could feel it rise off my stomach.  "I think you are trying to take liberties
again.  Is that right?"  I am so sorry Miss Tina, but your heavenly aroma is so
inviting.

She began placing the ball crusher over my swollen balls. After she got it in
place, she began turning the wing nuts.  I could feel the wooden plates coming
together firmly griping my balls.  She tightened them slowly.  Every movement to
my balls and penis felt so good.  She knew it to.  She smiled and talked in a
gently voice.  "I think you are liking all of the attention I am giving you." 
Yes ma'am.  For the first time, she took her hand and patted my cock.  I closed
my eyes real hard.  It felt so good I was afraid my balls would erupt.  Now,
every time she touched me it sent erotic chills through my spine.

She walked around to my head and bent over to talk in my ear.  She whispered. 
"I think it is time to tighten the screws."  Then she giggled and moved her
hands down to the crusher and took one wing nut in each hand.  She began to
turn.  Immediately I could feel the wooden plates squeeze my balls.  I started
to feel pressure in the pit of my stomach.  If you have ever accidentally put
your balls in a position where they were contracted, you would know what it felt
like.  If you have done this you would have immediately changed your position to
relieve the pressure.  Unfortunately, I was in no position to move.  I tightened
up my body.  She let out another giggle and turned the screws again.  This time
the pain in my balls was making me very uncomfortable.  I was afraid to say
anything, but I couldn't help but try to move around.  She noticed that and
turned the screws again.  Oh Please Miss Tina, it is starting to hurt bad.  "So,
what do you want me to do?  Take it loose?"  Please Miss Tina, please take it
loose.  I could see what she was doing in the ceiling tile, but I raised my head
to get a better view.  She laughed and started turning the screws tighter.  Now,
it was really hurting bad.  I could not lie still.  Please Miss Tina, I can't
stand it.  "Do you think I care?"  Oh God, Please Miss Tina.  The pain was
becoming unbearable.  It felt like my intestines were going to burst.  It felt
like something inside of me was swelling and trying to burst out.  "Maybe if I
tighten it just a little more you will learn not to take liberties with me." 
Then she gave me a hard look.  "Do you understand me?"  Yes Miss Tina, I am
sorry, please forgive me.  Please Miss Tina, I can't stand it any more.  Oh God,
Please please Miss Tina.  Oh my God, it hurts so bad.  I thought I was going to
pass out.  I could feel the sweat running down my face.  Then when it got so
bad, that I though I couldn't take anymore, she turned the wing nuts back.  I
felt immediate relief.  My balls still hurt, but not nearly as bad.  She turned
them back again and the bad pain started to go away.  Thank you Miss Tina. 
Thank you for having mercy.  Please forgive me.  Thank you.  I promise to be
good.  I want to serve you and make you feel good.   Thank you for punishing me. 
I guess that just slipped out.  I don't know why I said it. I actually thanked
her for punishing me.  What was happening to me?

All of sudden I felt so beholding to this woman.  When she freed my balls from
the crusher, all I could think about was being submissive to her and meeting her
needs.  I wanted to spend my life serving her.  After a few moments I stopped
babbling.  Then I noticed she was standing there with her arms folded.  "Ok,
that's enough punishment for the now."  She began removing my wrist restraints. 
Then she released my knees and then my feet.  I rose up for a second and rubbed
my wrists.   "Get down on the floor on your hands and knees."  I quickly
complied.  But I noticed very quickly how soar my balls were.  She turned to the
table and picked up a collar.  She put it around my neck.  Next, she got a lead
like you would use for a dog, and attached that to my collar.  "Follow me."  She
started into the living area and we stopped at the couch.  Then she stood in
front of me.  "Well, look at me."  I raised my head until my nose was in line
with her pubic hair.  She edged closer until my face was against her.  Her odor
was strong.    She had become very aroused when she was punishing me.   My penis
almost immediately started to rise.  As much as my balls ached from the
punishment I had just received, I could still feel that pressure in by balls
from not being allowed to cum.

"Are you ready to serve me slave?"  Yes ma'am.  She spread her legs and rubbed
her finger from the bottom to the top of her pussy.  She slowly moved it under
my nose.  I inhaled her wonderful aroma.  God, it was all I could do to keep
from cuming.  My balls felt like they would erupt. "Smells good, doesn't it? 
Yes ma'am.  She moved over to the couch, sat down, and motioned with her finger
for me to come over.  I walked on my knees until I was standing between her
legs.  She spread her legs.  "I like to hear my slaves beg to please me."  The
she reached out and flicked my penis with her finger.  "You need to do something
with that.  If it leaks on my floor, I will cut if off."  I am so sorry Miss
Tina.  I quickly used my finger and thumb to remove my pre-cum.  Of course I
liked it off as she giggled and smiled at me.  There was so much leaking out; I
had to do it several times.  "You are a cum hound, aren't you?"  I looked down
at the floor.  Yes ma'am.  As many times I had done that over the last week, it
was still humiliating.  "Well, I want to hear you beg." 

Please Miss Tina, may I have the privilege of serving your sexual needs.  Please
allow me to bring you to orgasm by serving you orally.  I promise to do a good
job.  Then I paused.  She leaned back on the couch and folder her arms as if she
was not convinced of my sincerity.  Please Miss Tina, I will lick up all of your
secretions and clean your ass hole as well.  Please let me serve your needs. 
Please let me be your submissive slut whore.  She was silent for a few moments. 
Then she stood up in front of me and turned around.  She leaned forward and put
her hands on the couch.  Her magnificent ass was now only inches from my face. 
"Start kissing".  I did not hesitate.  I immediately leaned forward and put my
lips on her ass cheeks.  I began planting kisses all over her ass.  I went
around the outside of her beautiful cheeks and worked my way in.  As I got
closer to the separation of her checks, my nostrils picked up that unmistakable
odor from her most personal opening.  This only made me desire her more.  I
wanted to lick her ass hole so bad.  I closed my eyes and tried to control
myself.  I kissed all around this area taking as many sniffs as I could.  At the
same time I used my hand to check my penis.  Sure enough it was leaking again.
"Use your hands to spread my cheeks.   I want that tongue on my ass hole."  My
dream was coming true.  I quickly placed the palms of my hands on her cheeks and
pushed them to the side.  There it was.  God, what a beautiful ass hole.  It was
very dark and hairless.   I moved in with my nose first, and her aroma filled my
nostrils.  It smelled so exciting.  I wanted to sniff it all night. "I said your
tongue.  Not your nose!"  Yes ma'am.  I stuck out my tongue and began to gently
lick her ass hole.  I went down next to her pussy and licked up and across her
ass hole several times.  I pressed my mouth over her ass hole and used my tongue
to flick her opening and tease it.  I even tried to push my tongue into it.  I
licked so much that I cleaned off the entire flavor.  It no longer had any
taste.  "Push your tongue into my ass hole.  I want you to fuck my ass hole with
your tongue."  I pointed my tongue and tried very hard to push it into her hole. 
At first it didn't go.  Then I could feel her relax, and it went right in.  It
seemed to actually open up.  I spent several minutes pushing my tongue in and
out, hoping to create a pleasurable feeling to her ass hole.  I could hear her
moaning, so I knew she liked it.  I had forgotten about my own desires to cum
and I was lost in pleasing her.  I was in heaven.

After about 5 minutes my tongue was beginning to get soar.  My jaw began to
ache, and I was getting exhausted.  Fortunately, Miss Tina's moans and movements
were suggesting that she was nearing an orgasm.  Then without warning she rose
up and turned around.  She put one foot up on the couch and said, "Now, right
now, lick my pussy."  I moved quickly under her.  She immediately grabbed my
head and pulled my face into her pussy.  Her odor permeated my nostrils and the
sweet sour taste of her pussy filled my taste buds.  Her unique flavor made my
penis stand straight up.  My balls were aching with lust.  I could tell she was
almost ready to cum.  I felt so proud to be helping her cum.  I stuck my tongue
in her pussy and sucked on her clit.  It was the biggest clit I had ever felt. 
It was almost like a small penis.  Her juices were filling my mouth so quickly I
had to swallow.  "That's it, make me cum you little whore.  Make me cum."  I
just kept on licking and sucking, and drinking.  "Oh God, that's it."  She
grabbed my hair and pulled me tightly into her crotch.  I thought I would
smother.  She shook and rode my face for at least a minute.  She was moaning and
grunting.  Then she stopped and gradually released my hair.  "That was good."  
Thank you Miss Tina for allowing me to serve you.  Thank you for allowing me to
taste your beautiful pussy and ass hole.  I am honored to drink your cum.

 "Shut up slut, and get something to clean me up."   I got up quickly and went
to the bathroom to get a washcloth.  I ran the water long enough to get it warm. 
Then she entered the bathroom, walked up to the mirror and began brushing her
hair.  She spread her legs and said, "Well, clean me up."  I got down on my
knees and began washing her pussy and ass hole.   This act of submissiveness was
making me erect again.  I was really enjoying the things she was allowing me to
do.   I could feel myself reach a new level of submissiveness.  Not only did it
stir my sexual emotions, it gave me a great feeling to know that I was serving
her. 

"Oh, by the way, did I tell you my daughter will be here after while.  She is
learning to play."  My eyes almost popped out of my head.  "Your....a...
your..daughter ma'am?  "Yes, my daughter.  You will show her the respect of a
princess.  You will worship her with all of your mind and body."  She reached
down and grabbed me harshly by the hair.  "Do you understand me."  Yes Miss
Tina.  "She is 17 and will be out of high school soon.  I am teaching her how to
control the men in her life."  Oh my God.  This is not real.  I didn't know what
to say.  She would actually let her daughter see me like this. 




10. Miss Tina's Daughter

Miss Tina pulled me by the lead into the living room and made me sit in the
floor beside of the couch.  She had put her housedress back on, and sat down on
the couch to take on the phone.  "Make yourself useful and worship my feet."  I
began rubbing and kissing her feet.  The contact with her feet was all it took
to get me hard again.  Every time I get hard my balls ached from not cuming.  I
loved touching her and kissing her, but I was also wanting to cum real bad. 
"Hello, honey.  When are you coming over?  Oh good. Then I'll expect you in say
10 minutes?  Good.  See you then.  And remember, I have a very special surprise
for you."  It was her daughter, and I figured she was quizzing her mother about
the surprise.  "I'm not going to tell you over the phone honey, but if your
remember what we talked about the other night.  It's time for you to experience
what we have been talking about.  So don't be too surprised about what you see
or who you see when you walk in the door.  Just come in and shut the door, then
you can be surprised. OK?  OK.  See you in a few." 

Now I didn't know what to expect. I had never dreamed on something like this. 
"Now my little pet, remember what I told you.  You are to treat her like
royalty."  She stood up and pulled me by the lead.  "Come over here.  I want you
on your hands and knees about six foot from the door, with your ass facing the
door and your nose in the carpet."  As I quickly tried to get in place she
kicked me in the ass.  "Move a little."  I crawled forward a few inches.  Then
she kicked my balls.  Oh Miss Tina, I am sorry.  "I said move up."  This time I
moved further.  "That's good.  Now, just stay there till she gets here."  Miss
Tina went into the kitchen.  I could hear her putting drinks together.   I
wondered what was going to happen.  Would her daughter be as cruel as Miss Tina. 
God, I hoped she was not crueler.  Then, I heard the doorknob turn and the door
open.  "Good Lord."  Then the door shut.  "Is that you honey?"  "Yes mom.  You
were not kidding were you?"  I could feel my face turn beet red, and my heart
was beating fast.  "Just stay there for a second and get used to him."  Miss
Tina walked over beside her.  Out of the corner of my eye I could see that she
had a long stick like a yardstick in her hand.  "This is our slave boy tonight. 
And this is Annie.  Say hello to Miss Annie my little slave."  Hello Miss Annie. 
I could barely get the words out.  She didn't say anything back.  "Annie, we are
going to have some fun with him tonight.  Remember all of the things I have
taught you.  Tonight you get to start practicing some of them."  She smacked my
ass a few times with the stick.  Then she flicked my balls.  I jumped a little
and let out a low moan.  "That's his balls.  Now if you will look down a little,
you will see his dick hanging down."  She bent over and smacked my penis a few
times.  "Can I do it mom?"  "Sure you can."  She must have handed Miss Annie the
stick.  The next thing I knew, there was a slight smacking to my balls.  It did
not hurt at all.  "You can do it much harder than that."  Oh no, I thought. 
Then I felt a couple of heavy smacks.  "Oh please Miss Annie, have mercy.  Then
she smacked them again.  This time even harder.  Oh, please, please Miss Annie. 
I could hear her giggle.  "That's enough for right now.  Let's get you out of
those close and into something more comfortable."  I could see them walk off to
the bedroom.  I got my first glimpse at Miss Annie as they walked away.  She was
tall like her mother, only slimmer with a well-built body.

I could hear them talking for about 10 minutes.  Then there voices got louder
and I knew they were coming back in.  I kept my nose to the carpet.  "Walk right
up to his head and let him kiss your feet."  Annie did just that.  She stuck her
foot under my nose.  I immediately started kissing her toes and her foot.  It
smelled like it had been encased in shoes all day.  I really enjoyed the odor,
and I could feel my penis growing a little.  "Do the other one."  She moved her
other foot under my nose, and I began the same routine.  "Ok honey, I'll get our
drinks and take them into the bedroom.  You take his lead and take him into the
bedroom."  Within a few moments I was crawling up to the bed in front of Miss
Annie.  Miss Tina was right behind her.  "Ok my little slave, get up on the foot
of the bed and get on all fours."  I did as she was told.  I looked down at the
bed, but I could see them out of the corners of my eyes.  Miss Annie was pretty,
and she appeared to be 17 as her mother had said.  She had her hair in a
ponytail, and she was wearing a short nightgown.  It was not the see through
type, but it was very sexy.  "Let get up in the bed and watch him honey.  Then
when you get ready, you can start experimenting.  I'll help you."

As they got in the bed I could feel my embarrassment level increasing.  I looked
down at my penis and I also noticed that I was on the verge of leaking.  Oh my
God, I will have to do it in front of her daughter.  They got up in the bed, and
from their angle, they could see me from a side view.  Miss Tina confirmed my
sorrow by her next statement.  "Honey, you will notice that he is all ready
trying to get himself in trouble.  Look at his pre-cum leaking from his dick." 
I could feel my face burning with shame.  " He knows what he has to do, and if
he does not do it real quick, I am going to blister him right her in front of
you."  With as much shame and embarrassment as I think I have ever had, I
reached back with my right hand and rubbed the pre-cum from my penis and brought
it to my mouth.  I closed my eyes and did it again.  "Mommy, why does he do
that?"  "He is a male, and all males do it.  That's why they are subordinate to
us.  They cannot control their worthless cocks and balls.  That's why we have to
take charge of them."  She reached forward with her hand and grabbed my dick. 
Evidently there was still pre-cum leaking out.  "This is what it looks like. 
Its clear and not as thick as cum.   When was the last time you came slave?"  On
Saturday Miss Tina.  "He has had a lot of stimulating activity since Saturday.  
Without appropriate discipline he would have all ready cum several times.  He is
not allowed to cum without our permission.  If he does so, he will be banished." 
All this talk about cuming was making me erect again.  Then suddenly I
remembered, I cannot get unless I am servicing them or they are naked.  I had to
keep my mind off of my penis. 

"Later on this evening we may allow him to cum, if he is good.  But now, I want
you to experiment. Ok honey?"  "Ok mommy.  I think I would like to touch his
cock and balls."  "Good.  Turn over slave on your back and spread your legs."  I
did as she said, but as soon as I opened my self up, I felt so humiliated.  In
front of a 17 year old girl was very humiliating.  "Go ahead honey."  Miss Annie
scooted over to my side and reached her had out and touched my penis.  "It feel
soft."  "Go ahead and put it in your hand, squeeze it.  Do anything you want." 
Then she grabbed it and began messaging it.  She pulled it, pinched it,
scratched it, and did just about everything you would expect a first time
handler to do.  "It feels good.  Can I handle his balls now?"  "Sure honey." 
She reached down and cupped my balls in her hand.  She went though the same
routine.  By now, I was getting a little used to the shame of exposing myself to
her.  Her manipulation of my balls was reminding me how much I needed release. 
I closed my eyes and tried not to think about it.  "I like feeling his balls. 
Can I smell them?"  Miss Tina hesitated.  "Yes honey, you can, but that is all
you should do tonight.  He is probably in need of a shower.  I worked him over
pretty good tonight."  The thought of her smelling me and wanting to taste me
was causing my excitement level to increase.  I would not have thought this was
going to happen.  She leaned forward and some of her hair brushed across my
penis.  Then I could feel her breath and hear her breath.  "Mommy, he smells a
little sweaty, but its not a foul smell."  "No honey, it is not a bad smell. 
Men smell like that when they are excited."  I could feel myself getting hard. 
I was trying not to, but I could not help it.  My balls were starting to ach
again.

"Now, see what you have done honey.  See is cock responding.  That means you
have to punish him."  Oh my God, she is going to punish me.  "What should I do
to punish him?"  " Its really up to you, as long as it involves his penis or his
balls.  I prefer to punish his balls when he gets an erection.  Its really his
balls' fault."  "How should I punish them?"  "Well since we don't have any of
our toys in this room, just use your hand and slap them."  "How hard?"  Oh my
god, she is going to slap my balls.  "If I were you, I would take his cock in my
left hand, and pull it towards his face.  That will pull his balls up onto the
lower part of his body.  Then use your right hand to smack them.  Smack them
like you would slap somebody on the back when you are hugging them.  Not hard,
but not easy.  Give a try."   I got that sick feeling in the pit of my stomach. 
What if she did it too hard. She reached out and grabbed my penis and pulled it
up.  "That's good honey."  Then she raised her hand and brought it down on my
balls.  Oh, Oh, Oh.  "Don't worry about that honey.  You're not hurting him.  Go
a little harder."  She came down in again with 2 slaps back o back.  I really
flinched and yelled.  Those made my balls hurt.  "I think I am getting the hang
of it.  You better shut up or I'll do it harder.  You are the one that is bad." 
Then 2 more slaps.  Oh please have mercy Miss Annie.  Please have mercy. 
"Should I do it again Mommy?"  "Sure do it one more time."  She quickly smacked
my balls 2 more times.  This time the pain shot up through my stomach and even
into my side.  I am so sorry Miss Annie.  Please don't hit me any more.  Please
don't hurt me.  I will do anything for you.  She let go of my cock and leaned
back next to her mother. 

"He said he would do anything for me.  What does that mean?"  "That means that
he is willing to do something above and beyond the call of duty.   He is our
slave and he will do anything to please us.  But, if we decide to relieve him of
further punishment, or for example, allow him to cum, then he must ask
permission to do something for you or to you that will give you pleasure or
cause him severe humiliation.  Do you understand?"  "I think so.  Do I have to
think something up, or does he have too?"  "It can be either.  In this case,
since you are new at this, I will help you think something up."  Then she
whispers something in her ear.  Annie laughs and jumps off of the bed and runs
out of the room.  She quickly returns and jumps back in the bed.  Then she
leaned over me and looked down in my eyes.  She was holding something behind her
back.  "I am going to make you clean my dirty panties."  I could feel my face
getting red again.  This was so humiliating to have to suck on her panties in
front of her.  As shameful as it was, at least I was going to get to smell her
pussy.  Now that she had punished me I felt attached to her.  I wanted to serve
her.   She slowly brought her arm around and held the silky panties over my
head.  I looked up as she unfolded them and turned them inside out.  She looked
back at her mother with a mischievous grin on her face.  " I remember you
telling me about this.  I am going to fold them so that my dirty smelly crotch
is open.  Now, I am going to rub them on his nose."  She crunched up her face
and started slowly bringing them to my nose.  Little did she know that the smell
of her panties was exciting me.  The closer she got, the more intoxicating the
odor was.  I could smell the urine, the sweat, and the secretions from her
pussy.  Then in one quick action she pushed them onto my nose and began rubbing
the material into my nostrils.  I could feel my cock getting hard again.  Oh my
God, was she going to punish me again?

I wanted to smell her pussy and relieve my balls so badly.  She pulled the
panties from nose, and for the first time, I noticed the way she was sitting. 
When she scooted over to me, she had pulled her gown up and spread her legs. 
She was fully exposed.  I could see her hairy triangle and her glistening clit
protruding from it.  I froze.  "Mommy."  She straightened herself up and looked
down at her crotch.  Then she giggled. "Mommy, I am naked."  "You are not, you
have on your gown."  Her mother scooted over closer and looked.  "Oh, you are. 
Well, I guess you are.  No wonder he can't control his penis. Are you excited
honey?  I mean, are you feeling like you could rub off?"  "Yes mommy."   Now I
was really getting hard.  Since she was exposed, it was not a punishable offense
for me to become erect.  That was the good news.  The bad news was, my balls
were ready to erupt.  The sight of her pussy was killing me.  She laid her panty
crotch on my nose.  Everytime I took a breath, I could smell her pussy.  
"Honey, do you want to rub off. Its ok if you do."  Listening to them talk and
smelling her pussy was driving me mad.  "I have an idea Honey."  She made me lie
down in the middle of the bed.  Then she left and came back with enough rope to
tie me spread eagle to the four posts.   "See how helpless he is Honey."  "Yes
Mommy, but what does that have to do with me rubbing off?"  You sit on his chest
with your pussy almost touching his face.  Lean backs on your left had and rub
off with your right.  Try it."  Miss Annie got up and straddled my chest.  She
sat down and moved about until she got comfortable.  Now the odor from her pussy
was getting really strong.   She must have been getting really horny.  When she
spread her legs, I could see her clit was swollen and her lips were spread.  She
was discharging a lot of fluid.  God I wanted to bury my nose and tongue in
there so bad.  "Are you comfortable Honey?"  "Yes mommy, I am going to start". 
As soon as she started rubbing her clit, the odor became even stronger.  For a
young woman she was emitting a strong sexual scent.  "While you do that, I am
going to use my yardstick to keep his cock in check."  Oh my God.  I was going
to be driven crazy on one end, and punished on the other.

Miss Annie rubbed her clit and fingered her pussy for what seemed like 10
minutes.  All during this time Miss Tina was alternately smacking my penis and
balls.  They were not too hard and not too often.  They were hard enough to
hurt, but soft enough to keep me on the edge.  She was truly an expert on pain.  
"Are you getting close Honey?"  "Yes Mommy."  Her voice quivered.  "Yes Mommy." 
Her voice quivered again, and she began to shake.  "I am going to cum Mommy." 
The thought of her cumming in my face was making me hornier than I had ever
been.  I wanted her to cum.  I wanted her to rub her juices all over my face.  I
even hoped she would lose control of her bladder and piss in my face.  I wanted
to taste her so bad.  I could feel myself getting harder.  I was actually
hutching.  Oh my God.  I said it out loud.  "This is not for you slave.  This is
for Annie.  You better get control of yourself."  Miss Tina increased the
intensity of her smacks, and suddenly I felt like my cock and balls were on
fire.  They were already sensitive from the constant rain of smacks.  Please
have mercy Miss Tina.  Pleas Have Mercy.  "I  am cuming Mommy." It was all
happening at once.  My balls were on fire.  My cock was on fire.  Miss Annie was
shaking and bouncing on my chest.  "I'm cuming...cuming...cuming."  Then Miss
Tina stopped smacking me.  Miss Annie let out one more yell and fell forward
with both hands.  When she did, her pussy was right in my face. 

I could not help myself.  I instinctively let my tongue go out to her clit.  I
liked and licked and licked.   Miss Annie started moving on my face.   "What are
you doing Honey?"  "It feel good Mommy.  It feels good.  I want him to eat me." 
Oh god, that's all it took.  When she said eat me, my battered cock started
growing again.  Even though my cock and balls were still stinging, my
overwhelming desire to cum was dominating my senses.   I opened my mouth and
covered her pussy.  She tasted like sweet and sour sauce, like nothing I had
ever tasted.  She had a thick discharge almost like male cum.  I moved my head
to the side and tried to speak.  Please let me cum Miss Tina.  Please let me
cum.  "What did you say?"  Miss Tina responded while she brought her head around
to mine.  Please let me cum Miss Tina.  Please let me Cum.  I will do anything. 
Please let me cum.  My balls are so full.  I am afraid I will burst without
permission Miss Tina.  Please let me cum.  "I will let you cum on one
condition."  Please Miss Tina.  Anything, I'll do anything.  "You cannot cum
until after Annie does, and you will eat her ass hole until she cums."  Thank
you Miss Tina.  Thank you so very much.  I turned my head back and began eating
her pussy again.  "Honey, I want you to raise up and let him start licking your
asshole.  OK?  He will still be stimulating your pussy and clit with his nose. 
I want you to know the feeling of a climax through your ass hole when a man is
licking it.  This is important for you to learn."  "OK Mommy, I just want to cum
again."  "You will Honey."  She rose up and sat back down with her asshole on my
awaiting tongue.  I recognized quickly that acrid taste.  Her ass hole was
dirtier than I had suspected, but I was so in need of cuming, I didn't care.  I
licked away at her tight little ass hole until the entire flavor was gone.  My
nose was still up against her pussy and my nostrils were permeated with the
smell of her discharge.  I tried my best to stick my tongue up her butt hole,
but I could not.  This went on for about 5 minutes.  Then she began to shake.  I
new it was near.  "Mommy, I can feel it again.  I can feel my pussy starting to
cum."   "Can you feel it in your ass hole?"  I think so Mommy."  She was really
starting to shake and breath hard.  "Think about your ass hole Honey.  Try to
feel it through your ass hole."  Oh God, I could not hold back much longer. With
nothing at all touching my cock and balls, I felt like I was going to shot my
cum.  "Honey, go ahead and cum.  Cum for your mother.  Cum through your ass
hole."  "I'm cuming Mommy.  I'm cuming.  Oh God, I'm cuming."   She was shaking
violently.  She was pounding my head into the bed, but I did not care.  Then it
happened.  All of a sudden she released her cum and I got the sweetest taste in
my mouth.   She began to rise up off my face.  I could see the slimy cum
dripping from her pussy.  It was dripping directly in my mouth.  I could not
help myself any longer.  Please Miss Tina, please let me cum.  Please allow me
to cum.  Oh my God, Miss Tina, lease let me cum.  She had grabbed her daughter
after she came and pulled her off of me.  Miss Annie was recovering from her
orgasm and was lying next to her mother. 

I looked down at my penis.  It was as hard as a rock.  There was a pool of 
pre-cum on my belly.  All I could taste in my mouth was pussy sweat, girl cum,
and what she had released from her bladder.  Please Miss Tina, may I release my
balls.  Please Miss Tina, allow me to cum.  I beg of you.  "Well Honey, shall we
let him cum"  "I think so Mommy.  He did a good job."  "Don't give him too much
credit.  After all he is a slave and it is his job to please us."  Please Miss
Tina and Miss Annie, please let me cum.  " Slaves must learn to cum on command
and only upon command."  She paused for what seemed like an eternity.  Miss
Annie had subsided from her orgasm and was now curious to see me cum.  She edged
over close to me and looked down at my cock.   "Mommy, can I touch it and make
him cum?"  "Sure Honey, but it will not take much. He is almost over the edge
now."  Miss Annie reached out her hand.  I looked down and noticed that my cock
was absolutely ridged.  She put her hand around it as if she was going to jack
me off.   Oh God if felt so good.  I was shaking now.  "Honey, if you don't move
your hand and just leave it loosely around his cock, it will prolong his cum and
drive him crazy.  Now wouldn't that be fun?"  She looked up at her mother with a
smile on her face.  Oh my God.  The touch of her had was driving me crazy.  I
tried to move my body up and down, but it was no use.  She had me tied so tight
I could not do it.  Oh God, please let me cum Miss Tina.  "Well go ahead.  We
are not stopping you. Cum."   But Miss Tina, I need....I need....I   "You need
what.  You want Annie to help you cum?  Is that it?"  Yes ma'am.   Annie looked
up at her mother with a sadistic grin.  Then she let go of my cock.  Oh please
Miss Annie.  My face was beet red and my heart was going so fast.  Please Miss
Annie.  Please touch me.  Please touch my cock.  "Touch your cock?  You mean
jack you off.  Don't you."  Yes ma'am.   Yes Miss Annie.  Please let have
relief.  I will be your slave forever.   She reached out and put her hand around
my cock again.  "I tell you what I will do.  I will jack you three times." 
Thank you Miss Annie.  Thank you.  She gradually squeezed her hand around my
cock.  God it felt good.  All ready I was starting to shake again.  Oh my god. 
Oh my god.  Then she pumped her hand up and pumped it back down.  Oh my god,
that's it Miss Annie.  Then she did it a second time.  I could feel my balls
boiling this time.  I was going to erupt.  I started shaking.  God was the
horniest I had ever been.  I could feel the cum start moving up my shaft, but it
need just one more pump.  Then she did it.  She squeezed a little harder and
pumped up and then down.  That was it.  My balls exploded.  Cum shot from my
cock and hit me in the chin.  Then another one shot out and hit my face.  I
could feel another load seep out on my belly.  I could feel my cock go into
convulsions.   The cum just kept flowing.  It had to be the largest amount I had
ever done.  I shook for several minutes.  I closed my eyes and finally relaxed. 

I finally looked up and Miss Annie was still staring at my cock.  It was
starting to go limp and cum was still leaking out.  I felt like she wanted to
taste it, but was afraid to even ask her mother.  "Ok Honey, lets untie him and
make him clean up his mess.

End of Part 10




My Submissive Life


11. Humiliation

After the evening with Miss Tina and her daughter I thought I was exhausted.  On
Thursday evening I spent time reflecting on my new life and dreaming of new the
adventures it would bring.  I called Miss Lora to let her know where I was and
what I was doing.  By Friday evening I was very anxious to see one of my new
mistresses.  Now that I had experienced the wonders of servitude, it was all I
could think of.  The evening was very difficult, sitting by the phone waiting
for a call.  I left a message again hoping that Miss Lora would call.  My balls
were aching for relief.  At 11:00 the phone rang.  I picked it up immediately
and answered.  Hello I am your submissive slut. 

"Have you missed me this week?"  It was Miss Lora.  I recognized her voice.  Yes
Miss Lora, I have missed you terribly.  May I serve you soon?  "Not yet.  I will
be out of town this weekend."  My heart sunk.  "But there is someone else I want
you to meet."  She gave me an address and told me to go to her house at 10
o'clock Saturday morning.  "You are to take an overnight bag.  Miss Carol is
whom you will be meeting.   She lives with her sister.  You must be ready to
serve, because they are very demanding."  She paused for a moment.  "I think
that is enough for you to know now.  You will find out tomorrow what you need to
know."  Thank you Miss Lora.  "You have been a good boy, right?"  Yes ma'am.  
"You have not been masturbating when you are alone?"  No ma'am.  When she said
that I could feel my penis start to rise.  "You should go to bed now and get
plenty of rest.  You will need it."  Then she hung up.

I had a difficult time sleeping that night, as I kept thinking about the next
day and what new experiences I would have.   My alarm went off at 8:00.   I ate
breakfast and got ready quickly.  I did not want to be late for my appointment. 
At 10:00 sharp I was standing nervously on Miss Carol's porch ringing her
doorbell. 

The door opened quickly and a very pretty black lady greeted me.  She must have
been in her mid forties, and she spoke in very sophisticated way.  "Hello.  I am
Carol Smith.  You can call me Miss Carol.  Come in."  She moved back as I
entered, and she pointed to the parlor.  "Go in there and wait.  I will get my
sister."  As I looked over the room, I noticed that their furniture was very
nice but old fashion, probably from the 1800s.  There were many pictures on the
wall.  They were old lithographs showing well-dressed black people.  There were
also pictures of white people in servant clothing.  A few moments went by before
then they came in. 

"This is my sister Zeta.   You will call her Miss Zeta."  I stood up and folded
my hands.  She was just as attractive and appeared to be about the same age. 
Both of them were in short dresses.  I am very honored to meet both of you. 
Miss Lora told me to....   Miss Carol cut me off in mid sentence.    I know what
Lora told you.  And I will do the talking.  Does that meet with your approval
young man."  Yes ma'am. I am very sorry.  "You should be."   She moved over to
the chair to sit down. "Sit down Zeta.  Lets get acquainted with him."  I was
afraid to sit down, so I remained standing beside of my overnight bag.   "I 
trust that you are prepared to follow orders and perform in an appropriate
manner."  I had no idea what they would have me do, but I knew I had to say yes. 
Yes ma'am.  She spent the next half hour asking me questions about my
background, my past and recent experiences as a submissive.   She even asked me
if I had served black people before.  Some of her questions made me very
uncomfortable, but my answers seemed to please her.  The longer she talked the
more dominant her personality became.  I was becoming very attracted to her.

They paused for a few moments and looked at each other.  Then Miss Carol leaned
back and folded her amrms.  "Remove your clothes."  I guess I was not expecting
her to say that.  "Don't hesitate when I give you an order.  Remove your clothes
at once."  I quickly fumbled with my buttons and removed my shirt. I took off my
shoes and socks.  Then I undid my pants and removed them.  I felt very
humiliated and my face was burning.  Now that I was down to my panties,  I put
my fingers in the waistband. "No, not yet, you fool.  Get down on your knees and
fold your clothes.  Put them in your bag."  I turned on my knees to face them
once I was finished.  "You are going to be our slave for the next two days. 
Crawl over here at our feet."  I crawled to hem and bent down to kiss their feet
and hide my embarrassment.  I could feel the shame and humiliation creep over my
body, but at the same time it felt good to touch their skin and serve them. 

Several minutes went by while Miss Carol explained to me what my role would be. 
"You will serve us in all matters regarding our physical needs.  You are our
slave and you will be treated as one."  She paused while I continued to worship
her feet.  "That's enough.  Zeta, show him to his room and give him his
uniform."  They both got up.  Miss Zeta pulled me by hair until I was standing. 
"Get your bag and follow me."  I followed her to their guest room.  She pointed
to a silky apron lying on the bed.  It was black and bordered with white lace.
"Take your panties off and put the apron on."  She stood with her hands on her
hips.  "Stand facing me while you do it."  She wanted me to expose myself to
her.  As I pushed my panties down to step out of them, she shook her head from
side to side.  "You are not properly prepared."  I was not sure what she meant,
but I reached for the apron to put it on.  I put it over my head and tied it in
the back.  "Now follow me to the kitchen."

When we entered Miss zeta walked over to the table and sat down across from Miss
Carol.  Miss Carol looked at me with a smile.  "You are a little white whore,
aren't you?"  I was surprised by her remark, but I managed to say yes ma'am. 
She got up and walked towards the door.  She reached behind the door and pulled
out a leather strap.  My heart began to race as fear overtook me.  What was she
going to do?   "Do you know what we do with little white whores?"  No... a no
ma'am.  "Well, you are going to find out.  Stand here."  She pulled me until I
was in front of the center island.  "Lean over and put your hands on the
counter."  I was beginning to get real nervous, and I could feel my face on fire
again.  "What do you think we do to little white whores?"  Do you whip them
ma'am?  She did not answer, but moved behind me and to the side.  "Tell me what
you are."  I stumbled for the words.  I am a little white whore ma'am.  "You
are?"  Yes ma'am.  "Then what must I do to you?"  You must whip me ma'am. I
hated to say it but I knew I must.  "And what must you do before I whip you?"

I thought for a moment.  I didn't know what she meant.  She spoke each word
again slowly.  "What      must     you     do?"  Then I new what she wanted. 
"Well."  Please punish me ma'am.  "Why?"  Oh my God, I felt so humiliated in
front of them.  Because I am a little white whore.   She immediately landed a
blow to my ass.  I yelled out.  Then she landed another. Oh, please have mercy
Miss Carol.  Then another.  Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!  Please have mercy Miss Carol.  I
closed my eyes and gritted my teeth as the stinging pain burned my naked ass
cheeks.  "You are a filthy white whore."  She paused for a few moments.  "Do you
know why?"  I didn't know what to say. "I know why."  Then she hit me again, and
I cried out in pain.  "Because you are a cock sucker."  Now I knew.  Miss Tina
had told her what she made me do to her boyfriend.  "Aren't you?"  Yes ma'am. 
Then she landed another shot to my ass.  Oh my God Miss Carol.  Then another one
came down.  Oh God Please Miss Carol.  "You are a dirty cock sucker, and you eat
cum too.  Don't you?  Yes ma'am.  "You like sucking cocks."  She landed another
smack to my ass.  Oh God Miss Carol. Please stop.  Please have mercy.  "I will
stop when you tell my why you love to suck cock."  Then another smack.  Yes
ma'am.  Please stop.  I will tell you.

 "Well, I am waiting for an explanation."  I was in so much pain from the sting
in my ass; it was hard to think straight.  Smack!  "You had better start
explaining."  Yes ma'am.  I like to suck cocks for my....for my....for Miss
Tina.  Smack!  Oh my God Miss Carol.  Please stop.  I love to suck cocks because
it pleases Miss Tina.  My voice rose.  And I will do anything to please you and
Miss Zeta too ma'am.   Then she stopped.  She walked back to the door and hung
up the strap.  "So you suck cock to please Miss Tina?"  She strolled casually
back to the chair.  Yes ma'am, and I will do that for you and Miss Zeta if it
pleases you.  I would say anything at that point to get her to stop. 

"Come over her and stand before us on you knees."  I moved slowly recovering
from the awful stinging pain in my ass cheeks, and the burning shame in my face.
As humiliating as it was, I was also burning with the desire to serve these
beautiful women.  "Look at me and tell me how you will serve us."  The room
became deafly quiet except for the tapping of her fingers on the table.  I will
do any thing you tell me to do ma'am.  I will do chores for you.  I will attend
your personal needs. I looked down in shame.  I will serve you in the toilet
ma'am if be your desire.

 "As you can see we are very demanding.  If you do not please us, you will be
punished as a slave should be."  The room became quiet again.  "Has he properly
prepared himself for us?"  She looked at Miss Zeta.  "Unfortunately he is not." 
My heart started beating fast again.   What have I done, or not done?  "He is
not?"  She looked at me harshly.  "Our little white whore does not practice good
hygiene."  She leaned over and whispered something in Miss Carol's ear.  "Lets
take him into our chamber and correct that."  They both got up and Miss Carol
grabbed my hair again as we walked to their bedroom.


The room was just as impressive as the rest of the house; old style furniture
decorated with expensive cloth.  There was one striking difference.  There was a
bondage table and a bondage chair.  There were also several pieces I was not
familiar with.  On the far side of the room were a large couch and several
chairs.  A thick rug separated them, and the wall was made up of bookshelves. 
It appeared to be an area to relax and read, or serve as a getaway from the rest
of the house.  They walked back to that area and sat on the couch.  As they sat
down Miss Carol pointed to a place in the center of the rug.  I quickly got to
my knees.

"Raise your apron."  I did as she instructed.  She stared for a moment at my
nakedness.  Then she looked at Miss Zeta for a moment, and then looked back at
me.  "Why are you not shaved?"  I had kept my pubic hair very short; not more
than a half inch long.  None of my other Mistresses had asked me that, so I
thought it was ok.  I looked down in fear and shame.  "Answer me."  I don't know
ma'am.  "Zeta, get a razor and a towel."  The room became quiet except for the
sound of Miss Zeta leaving the room.  Miss Carol rose and pulled my by the hair
over to the bondage table.  "Get up here on your knees."  As I was getting into
position she gave me instructions.  " Remove your apron and put it behind you. 
Then put your hands behind your back.  Spread your legs."   I began to feel an
overwhelming sense of humiliation, displayed, as I was for whatever they were
going to do to me.  My penis and balls were directly in front of them at arm
level.   She put the towel on the table between my legs and spread it out.

Miss Zeta opened her hand to reveal a razor just like the ones they use in
hospitals and doctors offices to shave hair.  Miss Carol took it in her hand and
looked at Miss Zeta.  "I will show you how this is done.  You take the penis in
your left hand and start shaving down to the balls." She immediately did so
without the least bit of hesitation.  It was so quick I didn't have a chance to
think.  I held my breath thinking it would hurt.  But to my surprise it was not
so bad.  It felt like tiny shocks to my skin.  It actually felt good to be
touched by her. 

She stroked the razor across my balls until all of the hair was removed.  Then
she removed all of the hair above my penis up to my naval.  "Spread your legs
further."  I moved my knees as far apart as I could.  She bent down and pulled
my balls up to expose the area between my legs.  Then she ran the razor all
along that area.  The pressure on my balls felt good. For the first time since I
had been there, I could feel the fullness in my balls and I was becoming
excited.  "Bend over and put your weight on your hands."   Oh my God she was
going to shave my ass.  I did as she instructed and I quickly felt the razor
gliding over the area around my ass hole. "Now get back up."  I quickly complied
and looked down at my freshly shaved penis and balls.  They looked different and
I could feel the slightest air movement on my balls.  "Now our little whore
looks more natural." 

She began brushing the hair from my stomach by using a slapping motion to knock
it off.  She continued the same procedure on my penis, by holding it with one
hand and slapping the hair off with the other.  But when she pulled my penis up
and began slapping the hair off my balls, it really hurt.  She paid no attention
to my discomfort.  The slaps jolted my already sensitive balls.   Oh please Miss
Carol.  Please stop.  She did not hesitate. "Shut up."    Oh my God Miss Carol. 
I grunted each time she did it.  I could feel the tears begin to run down my
cheek.  She continued to slap my balls with total disregard for the pain it was
causing me.  I believe she spent extra time doing that just to watch me suffer.

Finally she finished and stood back to admire her handiwork.  She raised my
penis with her hand to look at my balls again.  "There, that looks much better."  
Then in a sudden movement, she delivered one more slap to my balls, only this
time much harder.  I cried out in pain.  Then she grabbed my balls and pulled
them down.  She slowly began to squeeze them until the pain was showing in my
face.  Oh please Miss Carol.  I brought my hands around to touch hers.  "Put
those hands back behind you.  Don't you ever do that again."   She squeezed
harder.  "Do you understand?"  I muttered a yes ma'am as my voice trembled and
the tears ran down my cheek.  "Don't you ever come here with hair on your balls
again.  If you do I will pull every one out with my fingers.  Do I make myself
clear?"  Yes ma'am.   She let go of my balls and I felt a sudden relief.  Please
forgive me Miss Carol.  I won't do it again. 

She seemed to ignore my comments as she used her hands to examine my cock and
balls for any signs of stubble.  "Zeta, while we have him on display, would you
like to feel how good a job I did?"  Miss Zeta came over and raised her long
fingers to my penis and balls.  She gently began to examine me.  The warm touch
of her hands was exciting.  Now that the pain in my balls had subsided, her warm
caresses were stimulating me in another way.  I looked down to see my penis
swelling in her hand.  She looked up at me with a sinister smile, but kept up
her manipulation.  "I think he is taking liberties with me."  Just as my penis
had swollen to almost full attention, she backed off.  "I thought he was not
allowed to become erect unless he is serving us."  My heart sunk as I new
immediately what she was referring to.  I am not allowed to become erect unless
she is naked or I am serving her.  Oh my God, I knew I was in trouble again.

 "This filthy little whore just can't stay out of trouble."  Miss Zeta reached
under the table and retrieved a small handled strap.  The strap part was about 9
inches long.  I knew what was coming and I began to get scared.  I looked down
at my penis again and it was quickly falling to a limp position.  She raised the
strap to my lips.  "I want to hear you beg for your punishment."  Yes Miss Zeta. 
I searched my mind for the words.  Please punish me for getting an erection
ma'am.  She took my chin in her hand and looked into my eyes.  "And what shall I
punish?"  My penis ma'am.  She grabbed my penis with her left hand and began
messaging it.  Oh my God, she was going to make me hard again.  "So, you want me
to punish this?"   She looked down as it was beginning to swell again.  I could
not help myself.  Suddenly I was overwhelmed with desire to serve her.  Please
allow me to serve you ma'am.  She ignored me and moved her hand down to my balls
to continue her manipulations.  Oh God it felt so good.  I could feel that
familiar churning in my balls.  "I bet you would like to cum, wouldn't you?" 
Yes ma'am.  I knew she was toying with me, but I had not other choice.  My penis
was almost fully erect again. 

She continued to message my cock and balls.  Oh god it felt good.  "But, you
have been a bad little whore.  You have taken liberties with me.  You are
placing your desires above mine."  Her voice was getting louder and angrier. 
"So, you will be punished!"  As she moved away from me her arm went up.  I
gritted my teeth as I knew what was going to happen.  Smack!  The sting of the
strap on my penis shot through my body and my erection began to melt.  Smack! 
Smack!  Oh my God Miss Zeta.  As my penis became limp again, she grabbed the
head with her fingers and pulled it up to deliver two quick smacks to the under
side.  Oh God please stop.  Please stop.   She stood to one side while holding
my penis up with her finger and thumb.  Then she delivered a series of smacks to
my penis and balls.  I was crying out and begging her to stop, but she ignored
me.  The sharp pain was shooting through my body, and my singing flesh felt like
it was on fire.  Oh God, Please Miss Zeta.  Please have mercy.  She delivered a
few more hard smacks as my cracking voice begged her to stop.  The smile on her
face showed how much she was enjoying my suffering.  I began begging and
pleading for relief, as she continued to smack my penis and balls.  It felt like
they were on fire.  "Look Carol.  Our little whore likes to have his cock and
balls tortured."  She released my penis and held her fingers up.  They were
coated with pre-cum. 

As much pain as I was in, my penis had actually started getting hard again, and
I was leaking pre-cum.  " So he is a pain slut too."  Miss Zeta stuck her
fingers up to my mouth and I instinctively licked them clean.  I was so relieved
that she had stopped smacking my penis and balls, I didn't care.  She grabbed my
chin and pulled my face to hers.  "If you try to cum without our permission, you
will suffer a lot more than this."  Yes ma'am.  "Now, get off of there and put
your apron back on.  And clean up this mess."  They went back to the couch and
sat down.  When I was finished I quickly got on my knees before them.

"Zeta, I am going out for a while.  I told Tom I would have lunch with him
today."  Miss Zeta smiled and whispered in Miss Carol's ear.  Then they both
laughed as they looked at me.  "Make good use of him while I am gone."  They got
up to leave the room, and Miss Zeta looked back at me.  "You stay where you
are."  Yes ma'am.  As they left and their voices faded, I began to look around
the room.  Everything was in perfect order.  The room must have been in the
center of the house, because there were no windows.  I remember thinking how
sound proof it must be with and all of the cloth and rugs in the room. 

After a few minutes, Miss Zeta entered the room.  My back was to her and I was
afraid to turn around.  Maybe it was my imagination, but I could feel her
getting closer to me.  I heard her flip her shoes off, then the next thing I
knew she was pointing her finger in the back of my head.   "Turn around."  I
scooted around on my knees and found myself only inches from her.  " I need some
personal attention."  Her voice was low.  What a sudden change in her mood.  I
did not know what to say.  "You are going to serve me."  Yes ma'am.  She turned
around.  "Unzip my dress."  I immediately felt my penis begin to rise.  I was
trying not to get an erection, but it was no use.   I raised my hands to grasp
the zipper just below her hairline.  I slowly pulled it down.  She then pulled
her arms out of the sleeves and let it fall.  It slid down her sleek body to a
pile in the floor. 

She had on a matching black bra and panty set.  "Undo my bra."  Oh my God, I
could not control the feeling in my groin any more.   I brought my trembling
finger back up, and somehow managed to get the clips undone.  She probably knew
she was driving me crazy with desire.  I wanted to serve her so badly.  She
pulled the straps across her chest and let the bra fall to the floor.  Then she
slowly turned around.  My head was only inches from her firm jutting breasts. 
They were beautiful.  "Well my little slave, don't just gawk at me, fold my
clothes and put them on the chest at the foot of the bed."  Yes ma'am.  I
quickly brushed her clothes into my arms as I scurried to the chest.  I folded
them neatly and returned to her. 

As I stood before her on my knees, she pushed her fingers under the elastic band
of her panties and snaked them down between her legs.  My eyes were glued to her
panties as I watched her rub herself.  "I have not relieved myself for several
days."  She gradually pulled her hand out and raised it to her nose.  "Oh my, I
think I really need to do something about that.  Don't you think so?"  Then she
lowered her finger to my nose, and I inhaled her sexy aroma.  God it was strong. 
Her unique blend of vaginal discharge and pussy sweat infiltrated my nostrils
and immediately stimulated my penis.  I could feel it rise against my silky
apron. 

"Lick it clean."  I eagerly licked on her finger as she pushed it to my mouth. 
"You will have to earn the right to lick where it came from."  She turned around
again.  "Take my panties down."  I could feel my penis stiffen.  I wanted to
touch and smell her body.  I nervously inserted my fingers into the waistband of
her panties and began pulling them down.  My heart raced as her ass cheeks came
into view.  They were so firm and beautiful.  I pulled her panties down to her
ankles.  But before she stepped out of them she gave me another order.  "Kiss my
ass."  I immediately touched my lips to her ebony ass.  God her skin was so soft
and erotic.  I began kissing all over her cheeks; gradually working my way down
to the large split between them.  The closer I got, the more her anal scent
permeated my nostrils.  It was strong at first, but it gradually captivated my
senses and stimulated my urge to serve her further.  I was truly becoming her
wanton slave.  

As she stepped out of the panties and bent forward to pick them up, her ass
cheeks separated.  I got my first look at her ass hole, and it was more
beautiful than I had imagined.   I wanted so badly to kiss it and lick it.  Then
she turned back to face me with her panties in her hand.  She unfolded them to
expose the crotch.  "I trust you know what to do with these."  Yes ma'am.  I
reached out my hand and with one slow motion brought them to my nose.  Her
strong scent quickly excited me again.  I could feel my fully erect penis throb
against the silky material of my apron.  I rubbed the crotch of her panties
across my nose and licked the material.  I momentarily lost myself in the taste
and smell of her pussy juice. 

"That's enough."  She walked around me and sat down on the couch.  "Stand up and
face me."  As I stood up my erection was obvious.  My balls were aching from
denial, and I wanted to cum badly.  "I have permitted you to touch my body and
inhale my scent.  In return I have heard very little gratitude from you."  I am
so sorry Miss Zeta.  I am very thankful for being allowed to serve you.  She
spread her legs and I saw her clit for the first time.  Even though its black
color blended in with her perfectly trimmed pubic hair, its glistening surface
showed very clearly that she was in need of stimulation.  "You will get no more
liberties until you have begged and convinced me that you are worthy."  She
spread her pussy with her hands and began teasing her clit with her finger.  "I
don't really need your help, so you had better be convincing if you want to
participate."

Please Miss Zeta, please allow me to serve you and make you feel good.  I beg of
you to allow me to give you pleasure by orally serving you.  I promise to try
and please you as long as you like.  I beg to taste and inhale the scent of your
glorious vagina, and your heavenly ass hole.  Please use me for your pleasure. 

She did not look at me, but continued to rub her clit.  "That's not very
convincing."   May I get to my knees Miss Zeta and beg like a true slave?  She
looked up.  "I will allow you."  I immediately got to my knees.  All I could
think of was serving her.  My penis was fully erect and my balls were aching
with desire, but I really wanted to serve her.  "But you will have to prove to
me that you are doing this for my pleasure and not yours."  Please Miss Zeta. 
Let me show you how loyal I can be to your service.  I promise not to allow
myself to cum.   If I receive any pleasure, it will be from my desire to serve
you.  I want to give pleasure to your pussy and your ass hole so badly.  Please
punish me and give me pain while I am serving you to prove it.  

"Now, that gives me an idea.  Go to the  table."  I quickly complied.  "Open the
drawer.  You will find a long cord.  Bring it to me."  I found it and handed it
to her.  "Tie this end around your balls.  Tightly.  I want them to turn red." 
I was not sure what she was going to do, but I did as she asked.  "Now bring the
cord up behind you and over your shoulder.  Now get to your knees and hand me
the cord."

I was beginning to understand.  "Lean forward on your hands."  As I leaned
forward my face was only inches from her pussy.  My nostrils were filled again
with the aroma of her aroused pussy.  As I took in her womanly scent, she began
pulling on the cord.  I could feel my balls pulled up into my ass crack. "There
we go.  How does that feel?" It was feeling uncomfortable, but I was afraid to
answer.  She pulled harder. "Well?"  It hurts ma'am.  "Oh, too bad."  She pulled
harder and my balls were forced to the bottom of my ball sack.  The pressure on
them was increasing, and the sensation was becoming very painful.  That hurts
even more now Miss Zeta.  "Tell me slave, how much pain will you take?  How much
are you willing to pay for the privilege of tasting my pussy?"  I don't know
ma'am.  "Well, you know the old saying, 'No pain, no gain."  She pulled harder. 
This time it became very uncomfortable.  Please Miss Zeta. My balls are hurting
very badly now.

 "Good."  She enjoyed my discomfort.  "Tell me what you are going to do for me." 
Please Miss Zeta, please allow me to lick your pussy.  Please let me give you
pleasure.  My nose was only and inch from her pussy and I could almost touch her
clit with my tongue.  I could smell the strong scent of urine and vaginal
secretions.  It was an intoxicating blend of womanly odor that was driving me
crazy with lust.  She pulled again.  I begged her again as I involuntarily moved
forward to relieve the pain in my balls.  My nose was now in her hair and I
opened my mouth to taste her clit.  Oh God it tasted good.

She pushed herself forward into my face until her crotch was on the edge of the
couch.  "Eat my pussy until I tell you to stop, you white piece of shit."  As
humiliated as I felt, the taste and smell of this dominant black beauty was
controlling me.  I dove into her pussy and began licking it.  I sucked her large
clit and drank her juices.  I stuck my tongue into her vagina as far as it would
go.  The thick syrupy juices from inside her vagina had a tangier taste.  I
could tell she was nearing orgasm.  "Eat it you white whore!"  She began humping
my face. "I am going to cum."  She moved forward more and spread her legs. 
"Lick my ass hole too!"  I moved down between her ass cheeks and lunged into her
ass hole.  It was covered with her pussy juices, but they did not mask the acrid
taste of her other hole.  God, I was in heaven.  She pulled harder on my balls,
but I was so lost in my service to Miss Zeta that I didn't care.  "Lick my
pussy.  I want to cum!  I want to cum! "  I quickly put my tongue back to her
pussy.  Her juices were flowing like water.  I swallowed all I could while I
licked and sucked her clit.  Then she let go of the cord and put her hands on
the back of my head.  The sudden relief to my aching balls made me more
determined to serve her well.

"I am cuming!  Oh God!  I am cuming!"   She shook violently while pressing my
face into her pussy.  She did this for what seemed like several minutes, while I
struggled to get my breath.  Finally she started coming down from her orgasm and
let go of my head.  I began gently kissing and licking her wonderful pussy. 
Thank you Miss Zeta.  Thank you Miss Zeta for allowing me to please you.  I
thanked her and licked her and kissed her for several minutes as she finally
fell into a relaxed state. 

After a few moments she lifted her foot and pushed me away.  "You're not
finished yet."  She got up and started walking.  "Follow me."  I crawled behind
her until we were in the bathroom.  I knew what that mean, and I became even
more excited to taste here golden nectar.  She sat down on the toilet.  "Lay at
my feet you little whore."  I did as she ordered.  "Suck my toes while I piss." 
As I sucked her toes, I could hear the sound of her piss splashing in the
toilet.  I was anxious to taste her golden fluid.  Suddenly she began rising
from the toilet.  "Get on your knees and lick me dry."  I quickly rose up to see
her spreading legs.  I could see the droplets of piss hanging from her hair and
her clit. I licked from the back of her pussy to the front and was promptly
rewarded with the sharp taste of her urine. "Keep your mouth there.  I think
there is more."  I sealed my mouth over her pussy as a final spurt of urine
filled my mouth. The sharp flavor permeated my taste buds.   I now felt totally
humiliated by her, yet very grateful to be her servant. 

I followed Miss Zeta to the bedroom to help her get dressed to go out.  My
noticed my erection and the discharge on my apron from my obvious state of
arousal, but showed no inclination to give me relief.  "Carol will be back with
her boyfriend soon."  She looked down at my apron.  "I don't trust you by
yourself yet.  Come over here."  I followed her to the bondage chair and sat
down in it as she instructed.  She strapped my hands and arms to the chair.  "I
don't want you playing with this."  She reached down and flipped my penis
through the apron.  "Oh, I almost forgot."  She picked up her soiled panties she
had on earlier.  "You can wear these while I am gone. It will remind you of me." 
She opened them up and put them over my head with the crotch piece over my nose. 
Her heady aroma immediately filled my nostrils.  Then she left the room. 

END of Part 11




My Submissive Life


12. Miss Carol Returns

I remember sitting there and wondering what would happen.   Miss Zeta tied my
hands and arms loosely enough that I could have gotten free if I really wanted
to.  But, I was afraid they would find out and I would surely be punished or
worse.  I was also afraid to think about Miss Carol bringing her boyfriend back. 
What would she make me do?  The scent of Miss Zeta's panties was driving me
crazy with desire.  Only minutes earlier I had my nose and mouth buried in her
fragrant pussy.   Now my penis and balls were aching from being erect so long. 
I wanted to cum so badly.  I hoped and prayed that Miss Carol would allow me
relief.  Suddenly I heard noise in the house.  I could hear voices and they were
getting louder.

My heart started beating faster as the door to the bedroom opened.  Miss Carol
walked in.   Oh my God.  Her lover was behind her.  "Well, how is my little
slave doing?"  My heart raced faster and I could not speak a word.  "Here is the
little white whore I told you about, Tom."  My face felt like it was on fire as
he approached me.  I hung my head in shame.  I felt so totally humiliated. 
"Come on baby, let's have some fun."  He put his arms around her and turned
towards the bed.  "Ok, but let me free his arms first, we may want him to do
something for us later.  Remember the little slave girl we had before?  Remember
how much fun she was?"  She quickly pulled the straps loose that bound my arms. 
"Take those panties off your face.  I've got some new ones for you."  Tom had
already pulled his shirt off and was removing his shoes.  I just sat there in
shock no knowing what to do.

Miss Carol stood and watched him while he removed his pants.  As he finished and
stood there in his underwear, it was obvious from the hump in his underwear that
he was very well endowed.  He spoke.  "Let me help you off with yours now."  She
turned around and he unzipped her dress.  As ashamed as I felt, watching him
undress Miss Carol brought life back to my humiliated penis.  He unhooked her
bra an allowed her beautiful breasts to bounce free.  It was a very erotic site. 
Tom put his fingers in the waistband of her panties.  "No.  Stop.  Let our
little whore do that for us."  She raised her hand and motioned with her curled
finger for me to come to her.  I hesitated at first because I was still scared. 
Then her voice changed and the smile left her face.  "Come over here this
instant."  I rose and started over to her.  "Get on your knees."  Tom had his
arms around her and did not say anything.  I got to my knees in front of them. 

"That's good.  Now, remove my panties."  I pulled her panties down to her knees. 
Her scent immediately invaded my nostrils.  I could feel my penis begin to rise.
As I pulled them down to her ankles she stepped out of them.  I noticed the wet
stain in her crotch.  "Put them on."  I looked at her and she noticed my
confusion.  I was not sure what she wanted me to do.  "On your head stupid." 
Yes ma'am.  I shamefully put them over my head until the crotch piece came in
contact with my nose.  Oh my God, I thought.  Her scent was intoxicating.  It
was totally different from Miss Zeta.  They had a strong urine smell, and it
excited me very much.  My penis was almost erect now. 

She stepped away from me so that I was facing Tom.  "Remove his."  My excitement
was cut short, and I became totally embarrassed.  My face was burning with
shame, and I couldn't move.  I just stared at the bulge in his underwear.  Miss
Carol grabbed my hair and pulled me.  "Do it."  I edged closer on my knees until
I was only inches from his crotch.  She yelled at me again.  "Do it I said!"  I
raised my trembling hands to the waistband of his underwear and I began pulling
them down.  His thick pubic hair came into view; then the base of his cock.  I
could see through the leg holes of Miss Carol's panties.  I was astonished as
his cock came into view.  It was very thick.  When I pull them down further his
full, uncut cock popped out and almost hit me in the nose.  Miss Carol chuckled. 
"You can't wait to suck it, can you?"  As the shame and humiliation over took
me, I could not answer.  I continued to pull his underwear down until he stepped
out of them. I looked down at the floor in total shame. 

"Oh, don't look down.  Look at this."  She put her hand around Tom's cock and
started rubbing it as I raised my head to see.  "Isn't it beautiful?"  I was too
ashamed to answer.  As she messaged his cock, it slowly began to respond.   It
was still soft and pliable, but the head was gradually working its way through
his uncut foreskin.  "Get closer to it.  I want you to smell it."  Oh my God.  I
didn't see how I could be more humiliated.  My face was burning with shame, and
my stomach was becoming uneasy.  But I knew I must follow her orders.  I edged a
little closer.  That's when she started masturbating him.  Each time she brought
her hand up, his foreskin would open and expose a little more of his cock head. 
She took her other hand and pulled the panties from my face.  "Go ahead, smell
it."  She brought his growing cock right up to my nose.  Oh God, I could smell
it.  It had a slight urine smell combined with a musty odor that comes with
being enclosed.  I closed my eyes and hoped this would end soon.  But deep down
in side, I knew it would not. 

She began jacking his cock, and it continued to grow.  Soon the head was
protruding from his foreskin.  I could see the glistening slit of his cock head. 
The reality of the situation was starting to sink in.  She was going to make me
suck his cock.  My stomach was in knots, and I could feel my heart pounding.
"You know what you must do, don't you?"  I managed to answer her as I stared at
his oozing cock.  You are a little cocksucker.  Aren't you?"  Yes ma'am. 

Then she let go of his nearly erect cock.  "Let's get in the bed Honey."  They
climbed into bed and immediately rapped up in each other's arms.  I was burning
with humiliation as I watched them embrace.  After a few moments Miss Carol
rolled Tom over on his back and she moved to his side.  She grabbed his huge
erection and began masturbating him again.  "Get up her cock sucker.  I have
something for you."  She looked at me with a sinister smile; knowing how
humiliated I was.  "Get up her."  She pointed at the foot of the bed.  "Now!"  I
slowly got to my feet and crawled to the foot of the bed.  I turned on my knees
to face them.

Miss Carol leaned down and began kissing his chest and working her way to his
face.  Then she straddled him, and for the first time I got a good view of her
beautiful ass hole.  I could also see her dripping vagina, and I wanted so badly
to put my face between her legs and service her.  My penis was actually
beginning to become erect again.  After a few moments Miss Carol turned back to
look at me.  "Move up between our legs whore.  I want you to get a close look." 
I was anxious this time to comply.  Her ass hole looked so inviting.  I moved up
until I was a foot from her crotch.  "Get closer and kiss my ass you little
whore."   Her rich scent began to fill my nostrils as I move closer.  Her pussy
juice had leaked down on her rose bud and made it glisten in the light.  That
unmistakable musty acrid aroma was making my penis become fully erect.  Despite
the presence of Tom I was totally hypnotized by this beautiful dominant woman. 
I put my lips to her ass checks and began worshiping her beautiful behind.  I
kissed them and rubbed my face on them.  "My ass hole too!"  Yes ma'am. I moved
my lips down quickly and began making love to her anal opening.  I was promptly
rewarded with the richest of all feminine flavors.  I licked and sucked her ass
like there was no tomorrow.  I lowered my tongue occasionally and licked the
secretions from her dripping pussy, and then I would quickly return to her anal
opening.


This went on for a few minutes as they embraced and worked their selves to a
fevered pitch.  Finally Miss Carol broke away and looked at me.  "Put his cock
inside me you little whore."  Her humiliating command shocked me back to
reality.  I pulled my face from her fragrant crotch and looked down at his
pulsating cock.  I could see the pre-cum dripping from his cock head.  As much
shame and humiliation as I felt, the contact with Miss Carol's ass and pussy had
caused my penis to become fully erect.  I could see the damp spots on the front
of my apron.  "Take his cock.  Do it!"  I moved my hand down and put my fingers
around his massive member.  It was the biggest one I had ever seen.  I pulled it
upward to put his head near her vaginal opening.  "Not yet you fool."  She
raised herself upwards on his chest and looked back at me.  "Lubricate it
first."  Oh my God.  My heart began to pound and my stomach felt sick  "Do it, I
said!"  I moved forward further and pulled his massive cock up to my face. 
Pre-cum was running down the backside of his cock and seeping out around his
foreskin.  I was not sure I could follow through with her order.  Then she
suddenly grabbed my hair and pushed my head until his cock head hit my nose. 
"Suck it.  Suck it clean!"  I knew there was no other option.  I closed my eyes,
opened my mouth, and went down on it.  The taste of his pissy, cummy cock
suddenly dominated my taste buds.  I sucked on it and rubbed my tongue across
his piss slit.  I could feel his juices seep from under his foreskin.  It had
the sharp taste of sweat and piss.  I could also taste the pre-cum oozing from
his hole. 

"That's enough."  She moved her body down until her ass was in my face again. 
"Put it in."  I remember feeling so relieved that it was over.  I pulled my
mouth from his pulsating cock and pushed it to her vaginal opening.  Her pussy
was dripping with her own juices.  I rubbed the head of his cock against her
vagina a few times as both of them moaned with pleasure.   Then I pushed his
cock head up into her vaginal lips.  She immediately began to impale herself
onto his huge cock.  I was amazed at how she sucked it into her gapping pussy. 
She slid down his huge shaft ever so slowly, and then rose up in the same way. 
She did this a few times until her pussy became accustomed to his massive size. 
Then she began to increase her rhythm.  As I watched this erotic site, my penis
became fully erect again.  I could smell her ass and pussy as she brought
herself to an increased state of arousal.  I also noticed the discharges from
inside her pussy cling to Tom's cock.   Every time she slid down his erection, a
little more of her discharge would accumulate at the base of his cock.  After a
few moments of fucking him, her juices were actually dripping form his cock onto
his balls.   It was the most erotic site I had ever seen.  Her ass and pussy
seemed to explode with excitement.  My own cock was now fully erect, and I could
feel it touch my stomach.  Her sexy womanly scents were driving me crazy and my
balls ached from the many erections I had since I last came.  God, I wanted to
put my face in her crotch and masturbate so badly. 

She rose up again and looked back at me.  "Start licking my ass, I think I am
going to cum."  She turned back to Tom.  " I love getting fucked and have my ass
hole licked at the same time."  I greedily complied with her command.  It was
hard to keep my mouth in place while she was grinding on his cock, but I managed
to maintain contact with my tongue.  Occasionally I could feel his balls slap
against my chin, but I was so excited I did not care.  "That's it.  Oh God. 
That's it.  I am going to cum.  Oh God.  I am cumming. "  Suddenly she stopped
moving up and down.  She stayed down on his cock and seemed to grind against
him.  I could feel her body vibrate through her ass hole.  Then she started
shaking.  "I am cuming.  I am cuming.  Oh God!"  Then she collapsed on Tom.  I
looked down and I could see that his balls were matted with her pussy juice. 
The smell of her orgasm was hanging in the air.  "I need to cum baby.  I need to
cum too."  Miss Carol rose up and looked back at me with an evil sneer.  "Start
on his balls."

Oh God, I thought.  I can't do it.  I looked down at them again.  His big black
hairy balls were covered with her juices.  "Do it.  Do it now!"  She grabbed my
head again and pushed it down.  My heart was racing and my face was burning with
shame again.  Please don't make me.  "Do it I said.  Do it!"  She pushed my head
down and my mouth came in contact with his slimy balls.  Oh God, I did not have
any choice.  "Lick them.  Lick them clean while I fuck him."  I closed my eyes
and complied with her order.  I don't remember how long I did it.  But I licked
his balls all over, taking the slimy discharge from Miss Carol's pussy into my
mouth. Her discharge was thicker now and had more of a musky taste.  As Miss
Carol continued to hump his cock, I noticed that his balls were beginning to
contract frequently.  I could tell he was getting ready to cum. 

Then Miss Carol suddenly turned around to me.  "Now that you have cleaned his
balls, I want you to lick my ass some more." She turned back to Tom and began
very slowly sliding up and down his shaft.  "I'm going to go slow Honey so it
will last longer for you.  You like that, don't you?"  I continued to lick her
ass, and I could feel my penis coming to life again.  Just as I was really
getting into her ass hole, she made me stop.  "Lick his cock and balls while I
fuck him."  I knew not to question her this time.  My heart sunk as I moved down
between his legs.  His cock was shinny with her juices.  I began at his balls
and started licking up to Miss Carol's pussy.  She slowed her humping action
even more to allow me the time to lick his shaft.  I could taste the fresh
secretions from her pussy. 

"I can't hold off Carol.  I am going to cum.  I am going to cum!"  His shaky
voice scared me and I stopped licking his cock.  "Don't you dare stop."   Miss
Carol turned back to me and rose up enough so that only his cock head was inside
of her.  Her juices were dripping down his shaft.  I began licking up to her
pussy again, filling my mouth with her hot cum.  Then he suddenly rose up and
his balls contracted.  "I'm cumming.  AAAAHHHHHHHHH! "   "I can feel you shot up
in me.  Oh God, you are filling me up."  Within a few movements his cum started
seeping out of Miss Carol's pussy and leaking down his shaft.  I could smell the
sharp aroma of his spunk.  Suddenly my nostrils were filled with his smell. 
"Lick it up you whore.  Lick it up!"  As foul as it was and as humiliated as I
felt, I realized that there was no other option.  I closed my eyes and began
licking his seed.  At first the taste almost made me sick.  I kept telling my
self that it would soon be over. 

Miss Carol shocked me when she rose up from his shaft.  I noticed the sperm
dripping from her vagina.  "Lick it off me you little white whore."  I moved
over and caught the string of cum sticking to her open vagina.  She then lay
down beside of him.  "Clean him up."  I looked down at Tom's massive cock.  He
had lost his erection, but there was still a large hunk of swollen cock lying on
his stomach.  Cum was still oozing out.  "Start with his balls.  Put them in
your mouth and clean them off good."  It seemed there was no limit to the amount
of humiliation she would subject me to.  "Spread you legs Tom."  I opened my
mouth and used my fingers to push his balls in.  I could not believe I was doing
this.  It was like a dream.  I sucked them in and moved my tongue over them,
washing them with my mouth.  My face was burning with shame.  "Ok, now lick his
shaft off."  She looked over me watching my every move.  "Grab his cock with
your hand and clean his head real good."  God, I thought I would die when she
said that.  I kept my eyes closed most of the time.  I didn't want to make eye
contract with Tom.  It was too humiliating.  I did as she asked and brought his
cock head into my mouth.  By then the taste of his cum was dominating my mouth,
and I just wanted to get it over with.  "Use your tongue to clean his foreskin. 
Lick all of that spunk out of there."  My heart sunk again when I noticed a
large pool of cum laying on his stomach.  "Clean that off too." 

I felt like an animal, licking up secretions without shame.  Finally I was
finished.  The cum was gone from his stomach, and I could taste no more on his
cock.  I rose up and let his cock down on his stomach. 

Miss Carol took his cock in his hand.  She pulled the foreskin down and
inspected it.  Then she squeezed his cock and pulled her hand up the shaft to
see if there was any more left.  Sure enough, she squeezed out another gob. 
"You missed this."  Then she stuck it to my lips.  In total shame I reluctantly
licked her finger clean.  Then she examined his balls, feeling all around them
and checking her finger.  Then she raised them with her hand and looked at his
ass crack.  "Oh my!  You've got more work to do.  Some of our juices leaked down
there.  Clean it up."  My heart began pounding.  Please Miss Carol.  Don't
make.........   She cut me off with a hard slap to my face.  "Don't you defy me. 
Now get you tongue down there and clean up his ass hole."

This was the most humiliation I had ever felt.  I could feel my stomach in
knots.  I was afraid I would get sick.  I remember lowering my head and looking
at his ass crack.  What could be more shameful than this?  I closed my eyes and
pushed my tongue between his ass cheeks.  I snaked my tongue between them and
licked up the cum and pussy juice.  I don't remember how long I did it.  I just
remember the shame I felt.  Finally she allowed me to stop.  She lay back down
beside him.  She spread her legs and smiled.  "Now clean me up."  I looked down
at her gaping pussy and swollen lips.  His massive cock had stretched her so
much that her vagina was open enough for me to see inside.  I got down between
her legs.  As I got closer to her open opening I could see that it was full of
cum.  Oh my God.  I would have to swallow more. I put my hands under her ass
checks and moved my mouth to her slimy pussy.  Her lips were swollen and her
odor was strong.  I opened my mouth and licked her pussy from bottom to top.  I
immediately tasted her juices, tainted with Tom's hot spunk.  She made me suck
all his seed from her vagina.  I was so humiliated by this time, I didn't care.

"Get down in the floor and put the panties back on your head.  Stay there until
I tell you differently."  I did as she asked.  As I settled into the floor and
began breathing through the crotch of her panties again, I began thinking about
how much I needed to cum.  "And keep your hands off of your cock.  No
masturbating."  I remember lying there for probably an hour while they must have
drifted off to sleep.  I could not get the taste of his cum out of my mouth.
But, I guess I was so exhausted, that I also went to sleep.

End of Part 12




My Submissive Life


13. The Neighbor

The next thing I knew Miss Zeta was jabbing me in the ribs.  "Get up you little
whore."  She pointed to the bedroom door, as I got up and started toward the
hallway.  I spent the rest of the afternoon doing various chores for Miss Zeta.
As I was cleaning  she revealed their plans for the evening .  "We are having a
guest tonight.  Go to the basement and clean yourself up."

I nervously went through the door and down to the basement.  It was different
from the rest of the house, and it looked unused.  After a few moments it became
clear to me that the basement was the servant area.  There was a small bedroom
and a bathroom with a shower.  I hurriedly showered and returned up the stairs.
As I entered the kitchen Miss Zeta and Miss Carol were waiting on me.  I could
feel my face turn red as Miss Carol inspected me.  "I hope Lynn appreciates what
we are doing for her.   Did you tell her what we are doing tonight, Zeta?"
"Yes, she knows.  I think she is ready.  I know she wants to.  Of course this is
her first time."  My curiosity was killing me.  What were they talking about?
Who was Lynn, and what were they going to do?  Miss Carol grabbed my chin and
moved up to my face.  "You will absolutely follow ever one or our orders
tonight.   Do you understand?"   Yes ma'am.  "Lynn is a very special neighbor
and friend of ours.  We have spent a lot of time bringing her into our
confidence.   She has become very curious about our life style.  " She let go of
my chin and went to the table to sit down.   "I think I will give Lynn a call to
make sure she is coming.

She dialed the number and sat quietly waiting for an answer.  "Oh, Lynn.  Just
wanted to give you a call and make sure..."  She seemed to get cut off, but she
leaned back with a smile.  "Good.  Good.  I also want you to know that we have
everything prepared for you.  You know."   She paused and listened again.
"That's right.  Well good.  I am glad you have been thinking about it.  This is
your opportunity to learn and have fun."  She paused again.  "Good, we will see
you in a few minutes."  Miss Carol looked at Miss Zeta as she got up.  My heart
was pounding.  "Let's get the large bottle of wine she likes."  She looked at me
harshly.   "You better perform well tonight if you want any skin left on you ass
when you leave tomorrow."  Yes ma'am.  I began to feel very nervous.  I was not
sure what to do.

Miss Zeta got the wine ready and showed me what to do when it was time to serve.
"Just wait in here until I ring the bell.  Then you will come in and bow before
us. "  The doorbell rang and Miss Zeta left the kitchen.  I could hear them talk
as she opened the door.  They went to the living area and sat down.  I listened
carefully.

"Thank you two for inviting me over.  I have been looking forward to this
evening.  I must admit something to both of you.  I have been hoping for some
time that I would get this opportunity.  In fact I have been practicing a little
with my husband.  As I explained before, Bill is the submissive type.  For
several years now, I have led him through everything he does, even sex.   So I
am used to having a submissive man around."  Their voices stopped, and I heard
the bell ring.  I took a deep breath and began walking through the door.  My
heart was racing and my face was burning with embarrassment knowing that the
three women would humiliate me.

I noticed in a glance how attractive Miss Lynn was.  She had long dark hair and
a pretty face.  I quickly bowed.  Is there anything I can get you please?  My
voice cracked a little, as I was so deeply embarrassed.  Miss Lynn starred at me
for a few moments as the room became deafly quite.  "So, this is the slut?"
Miss Carol looked at her.   "This is our submissive slut.  But I must say, he is
very obedient.  He has tried to do everything we ask."  For a moment, I forgot
my humiliation and actually felt a bit of pride.  "You can pour the wine now."
I nervously poured their wine, and returned to where I was standing.  "Now, get
down on your knees and give Lynn a formal welcome."  I quickly got to my knees
and moved towards her feet.  She was wearing a very short dress with high heels,
and she was not wearing hose.  As I kissed the toes of her shoes I could feel my
face burning even more.  "Take her shoes off you fool."  I looked up at Miss
Lynn.  "Go ahead, its ok."  As I removed her high heel my nostrils immediately
filled with the odor of her encased foot.  It was obviously that she had not
taken a shower before she came over, and the thought of worshipping her feet
gave my penis an immediate twinge.  I quickly removed her other heel and was
again rewarded with her natural odor.  I began kissing her toes and feet.  "Oh
my, that feels good.  Does he do everything this good?"   I could feel my penis
becoming erect as Miss Carol spoke up. "I am sure you will find out.  But lets
not get carried away now.   We have wine to drink.   Get back to the kitchen,
Slut."  I quickly complied as they continued their conversation.

"As I was saying, Bill is very submissive, but I think it is time to expand his
horizons.  He does everything I ask, but I want to take him to a higher level of
service.  I want to see what it is like to have a fully trained slave, and I
need some body to practice on."  They talked for quite a while.  The wine was
having the desired effect, because their conversation became less inhibited as
time went on.  The bell rang again, and I quickly returned to the living area.
"Bring us another bottle."  I hurriedly opened another bottle and returned.
Miss Lynn looked at me this time.  "Why don't you work on my feet again.  I like
that. "  I looked at Miss Carol to see her nod in agreement.  I quickly took my
place at Miss Lynn's feet, and began worshipping her feet.  "A little bit of
wine and a good foot message and I'll be as horny as a toad."  Then she laughed.

"Bill worships my feet before he eats my pussy."  Her words immediately excited
me.  For the first time since early afternoon, my balls were churning.  "Oh, I
hope I didn't offend you."  Miss Carol laughed.  "No, not at all. We know
exactly what you mean.  I good foot worship and toe sucking will make my pussy
wet any time."  They all laughed.  "He will use his tongue to clean your ass
hole too."  Miss Carol began an explicit description of various things they had
done to me.   Miss Lynn was pleased with their conversation.

Despite the embarrassment of being humiliated by three women at one time, I
could feel my penis become almost fully erect.  "Tell me Lynn, is Bill in town,
or is he waiting on you at home?"  Miss Lynn shifted her position and rubbed her
foot on my face.  "He is out of town, but I told him about tonight."  I was
amazed at her response.  "I tell him everything I do.  When we were dating and
in college, I used to go out with other men.  Sometimes I would have sex with
another man, then come back to Bill's apartment and make him give me head."  She
laughed.  "He will do anything for me.  I have thought about making him watch me
have sex with another man.   But, I really don't want another man in my life.
Once you start fucking them, they won't leave you alone."  She paused as she
took a large sip of wine.   "However, another submissive might be nice."

Miss Carol got up.  "I'll pour us some more wine.  We don't want to interrupt
our little slave boy."  As they continued to drink their conversation became
more open and more intimate.  Miss Carol talked about how they had punished me
and used me for sexual pleasure.  She also made it clear how they had humiliated
me as much as possible.  Then she really embarrassed me. "You can piss in his
mouth if you want to."  As embarrassed as I was, Miss Carol's words excited me
even more.  I could feel my balls aching for release.  It had been three days
since I had cum .  Miss Lynn laughed at her remarks.  "I have always wanted to
do that.  Do you suppose he likes it?  I mean having piss in his mouth?"  She
uncrossed her legs and spread them slightly knowing that I could  see between
them.  Miss Carol responded.  "Why don't you ask him?"  I could feel my face
burning again.

Miss Lynn leaned forward and put her fingers under my chin.  "Tell me.  Would
you like to have my piss in your mouth?"  As I rose up to meet her chin, I knew
that my penis would be sticking straight up.  "Oh, look at this."  He is hard
just thinking about it."  Miss Carol and Miss Zeta moved closer to see.  I was
so embarrassed.  "Well, would you?"  Yes ma'am.  Although I was in total shame,
I managed to get the words out.  Miss Carol grabbed my hair.  "Tell Lynn how
much you want her piss.  Tell her how much you want to worship her."  She pulled
harder.  Yes ma'am.  I want very much to worship you Miss Lynn.  I would be
honored to drink your piss ma'am.  Please allow me the pleasure of being your
toilet.  "He is a good toilet slave.  He will follow you to the toilet and lick
you dry.  Isn't that right slut?"  Yes ma'am.  She let go of my hair and she sat
back down.

"You know what I think you should do Lynn?  I think you should take the little
slut home with you tonight and play with him."  I could feel my balls twitch.
The thought of serving Miss Lynn was making me want to cum so badly.  "You would
not mind?  I can have him all night?"  She reached out and put her fingers under
my chin.  "I already have some ideas about how to use him."  Miss Carol raised
her wine glass.  "Then it is settled.  You take him home for the night.  I'll
make him go out the back way and across the yard.  He will be waiting at your
back door."  All of them stood and tipped their glasses.  "Here, take the rest
of the wine with you."  They began walking to the door.  "I don't know how to
thank you.  Then she paused.  Maybe I do know how to thank you.  Bill will be
back tomorrow afternoon.  I may return the favor."  They all laughed as Miss
Lynn walked out the door.

Miss Carol walked over to me as I bent to kiss her feet.  Thank you Miss Carol
for allowing me to serve you and your friend.  "You did well tonight.  But don't
let it go to your head."  She walked over to the patio door and opened it.  She
pointed her fingers to the house next door.  "Go through the hedges and wait at
her back door."  Yes ma'am.  Thank you ma'am.

Within a few moments I was waiting at Miss Lynn's back door.  I was very excited
about the prospect of worshiping Miss Lynn.  I waited in the dark for what
seemed like 15 or 20 minutes.  Then I noticed a light came on in the back of the
house.  Then the porch light came on.  Oh my God I hopped no body could see me.
The door opened.  "Well, get in here."  I crawled in to the dimly light room as
she closed the door.  She began walking into a hallway.  Without looking back
she motioned with her finger.  "Follow me."  I began walking towards her.  "On
your knees stupid."  Yes ma'am.  I did as she ordered, and followed her to the
front of the house to the living area.  She sat down on the couch and looked at
me as I stopped a few inches from her feet.

"I don't know how much you heard during our conversation this evening, but don't
make the mistake of thinking I am new at this.  I have had a sadistic streak in
me all my life, especially when it comes to men.   Let me give you a few
instructions before we go any further.  You are to do exactly as I tell you to
do.  No more, no less.  If you fuck up, I will punish you.  Is that clear?"  Yes
ma'am.  "I can be very cruel." That's when I noticed the hairbrush on the couch
beside of her.  "Now, take that silly apron off.  I want to see that worthless
cock of yours."  I was so excited by her demanding voice that I did not
hesitate.   I took it off and put it in the floor.  Her demeaning language had
already caused my penis to swell.  She took the hairbrush and gently smacked my
penis.  "If you leak on my carpet, I will turn this little cock of yours into a
burning hell.  Do you understand me? "  Yes ma'am.

She looked at me harshly as she stood up and began to unbutton her blouse.  I
remained on my knees as she removed her blouse and began unhooking her bra.
When she bent forward and allowed her beautiful breasts to bounce free, I could
feel my penis begin to rise up again.  I could not take my eyes off of them.
"Do you like them?"  I was so excited I had to clear my throat.  Yes ma'am, they
are beautiful.  When she raised her arms to put her hands on her hips, I was
stunned even more.  The growth from her armpits was unusually long.  She turned
her head to inspect the thick patch of hair.  She crinkled her nose in response
to the smell.  "I sweat when I get horny."  Then she rubbed her fingers in it
and put them under my nose.  I was immediately overcome by her feminine odor.
My penis became fully erect.  Thank you Miss Lynn for allowing me the honor.

"Does that excite you my little slave?  Yes ma'am.  She raised her arm.
"Worship me."  I got up from my knees and brought my nose to her armpit.  The
full strength of her scent entered my nostrils.  I breathed deeply and inhaled
her odor.  "Lick it."  She grabbed the back of my head and I began licking the
crease in her armpit.  The salty musky flavor excited my taste buds.  I could
feel the churning in my balls.  She raised her other arm and I responded by
burying my nose there.   It was one of the most exhilarating feelings I had ever
had.  My penis was sticking straight up and my balls were aching for relief.

After a few moments she grabbed my hair and pushed me back to my knees.  "I
didn't shower this morning."  She paused.  "And I rarely wear deodorant."  She
reached behind herself and unzipped her dress.  It began sliding down her legs
to the floor, and I could not help but stare at her white silky panties.  I was
not surprised to see thick pubic hair protruding around them.  They were the
bikini type, and her hair was even coming out of the waistband.  As she raised
her leg to step out of the dress, I caught the first scent of her musky pussy.
My penis immediately twitched with excitement. She looked down at my rigid cock.
"I see you are having a problem."  A...yes ma'am.... I mean no ma'am.  She
laughed.  "Oh, I think you do.  I think it is a bigger problem than you
realize."

Miss Lynn leaned over and picked up the hairbrush again.  Remember what I told
you."  I looked down at my penis, and noticed the large bead of pre-cum.  Miss
Lynn, may I.... may I take.... a take care of it ma'am?  She started smacking
the hairbrush into the palm of her hand.  "Do you remember what I told you?"
Yes ma'am.  As I used my finger to remove the pre-cum from my cock head and put
it in my mouth, I could feel my face burning with shame.  But at the same time,
I was as excited as I had ever been.

"Now, I want you to remove my panties."  I nervously put my fingers in the
waistband and pulled them down.  As the silky material slid over her pussy hair,
the strong sweaty urine smell of her pussy began to fill the air.  My balls
ached as I inhaled her scent and longed for the moment that I could taste her.
As I pulled the silky panties down to her feet, she stepped out of them one at a
time.  "You are a panty snifter.  Aren't you?"  Yes ma'am.   "Show me."  I
opened up her panties until the crotch was exposed.  I could see the wet stained
area where her pussy had rested, and the more heavily stained area in the back.
As I brought them to my face, I could feel my balls ache with lust for this
beautiful woman.  They were boiling inside, and my cock was straining against my
stomach.  Her glorious musky scent was driving me crazy.   The aroma of her
urine and vaginal discharges permeated my nostrils.  I touched it with my tongue
and pressed it into my face.  Oh God it smelled and tasted so good.  "I like to
wear the same pair of panties for several days, just to make them smell good.
Do you like them?"  Yes ma'am.  I muttered through her panties.  Yes ma'am, they
are heavenly.  I lost track of time as I closed my eyes and enjoyed the taste
and smell of her most intimate aromas.

"Ok.  That's enough."  I reluctantly moved the crotch of her panties from my
face.  "It looks as though you don't follow orders very well."  She began
smacking the hairbrush in her palm again.  I immediately looked down at my
penis. To my horror I could see a string of pre-cum leaking to the carpet.
Please Miss Lynn.  Please forgive me.  I could not help myself.  "Put your hands
behind your back and spread your legs."  I pleaded for her forgiveness as a
moved into position.  She bent to her knees and used her finger to catch the
remainder of my discharge.  The she wiped it under my nose.  "I told you not to
do this."  Yes ma'am.  I am very sorry ma'am.  " So now, you will pay the
price."  Please Miss Lynn.  Please forgive me.  She began smacking my shrinking
penis with the hairbrush.  It did not hurt at first, but she gradually increased
the speed of her blows.  It began to sting. Before long my penis felt like it
was on fire.   Please Miss Lynn.  I am so sorry.   She did not reply, only to
smack my penis harder.  Oh God, Miss Lynn.  That hurts so badly.  She continued
to smack me.  Each blow was a little harder.  Each time it stung more.  Oh God!
Please Miss Lynn!  I was getting scared.

"Shut up you little whore.  I told you not to leak on my carpet."  She used her
fingers to pull my limp penis up.  Then she began smacking the underside of it.
Oh my God Miss Lynn.  Please have mercy!  But she continued to smack the
underside of my penis until the skin there was stinging like fire.  I could see
her smiling as she applied each smack.  It finally hurt so bad I brought my
hands around to cover my penis.  "You filthy bastard!  You keep your hands
behind your back or I will make you leave this instant! "  Her order shocked me
back to the reality of the situation.  She knew I didn't want to leave.  I put
my hands back, and she began again.  For several minutes she used the hairbrush
to redden and sting every inch of skin on my penis.  All I could think of was my
burning penis.  Just about the time I thought I could not take it any more, she
stopped.  I had never felt so much pain on my penis before that night.  I looked
down through my tearing eyes and noticed how red it was.  She began to gently
message it.   Then she held it in her open hand, and stared at it.  She looked
me squarely in the eyes, and then began to smack it again.  Oh please Miss Lynn,
please have mercy.  I can/t stand it.

"Now, you will know that I mean business. "  Yes ma'am.  I am so sorry ma'am.
Please let me do something to make it up to you.  "Oh yes.  You will do that.
You certainly will do that."  She got off of her knees and sat on the couch.
"The next time you disobey me, I will turn that cock of yours into a mass of
blisters.  Now, bend over here and put your nose on the carpet and lick your
mess up."  I quickly bent over and licked at the wet spot on the carpet.  "Stay
there until I tell you to get up."  I noticed out of the corner of my eye that
she had her hand between her legs.  I was sure she was fingering herself.
Despite the burning sensation in my penis, I could feel it coming back to life.
I looked up between my legs to make sure there was nothing leaking from the
head.

"So, you think I should allow you to make up for what you have done?"  Yes
ma'am.  There was silence.  "Like what?"  I would be honored to serve you ma'am.
I would be honored to make your pussy and your asshole feel good.  "I don't need
you to make my pussy feel good.  Look at this."  I rose up enough to look
between her legs.  I was right.  She had two of her fingers inside of her pussy.
I could  smell her arousal.  "See how wet my pussy is."  She pulled her dripping
fingers out and pushed them under my nose.  My cock jumped to attention as I
inhaled her swampy aroma.  Please Miss Lynn. Please allow me to do that for you.
I want to please you.  "She spread her legs further to expose her huge swollen
clitoris.  She teased it with her finger as my penis pulsated with pain and
pleasure.  The burning sensation was still there, but my carnal desires took
control of my senses.  "You would like to lick this.  Wouldn't you?"  Yes ma'am.
"You would do anything to lick this."  Yes ma'am.  She suddenly pushed my face
away and stood up.  "You worthless piece of shit.  Follow me."

I followed close behind her on my hands and knees.  We went down the hallway to
her bedroom.  Then we went to her bathroom.  The next thing I knew, she was
sitting on the toilet, and I was kneeling beside of her.  It was going to be my
privilege to serve her at the toilet.  Before long I could hear the piss
splashing into the water.  She finally stood up with her legs spread as the last
stream of piss flew into the toilet.  "Lick me dry."  I needed no further
instruction.  I immediately responded with my tongue.  Her piss was very bitter,
but the act of tasting her golden fluid made me feel even more devoted to her,
and I wanted to worship her even more.  "Kiss the seat where my royal ass as
been."   I gladly worship the toilet seat as she towered over me.  Then she
turned her back and bent over slightly.  "Lick the piss that ran down on my ass
hole."  Her ass hole was a beautiful sight, and as I leaned toward it, that
special odor invaded nostrils.  I wasted no time in placing my tongue on her
most private opening.  The acrid flavor stung my taste buds, and confirmed that
she had not showered recently.  Nevertheless, I was intoxicated by her natural
womanly taste and aroma.  This once humiliating act had become one of my
favorite forms of servitude.

I could have licked her ass hole all night, but she rose up and moved away from
me.  Thank you Miss Lynn for allowing me to serve you.  I am honored to lick you
private openings.  Please allow me to please you more.  She stood there for a
few moments, with her hands on her hips looking down at me.   I marveled at the
beauty of her nude body, and hoped that she would allow me to worship her
further.  Then she turned, walked to the bedroom as I crawled behind her, and
lay down on the bed.   "You can worship me now.  Start with my feet and work
your way up to my ass."   I thanked her several times as I crawled up to the
foot of her bed and began messaging and kissing her feet.  I loved the unwashed
odor of her feet.  I licked between her toes and sucked each one of them.  The
burning sensation in my penis was almost gone and it became fully erect as I
orally served her feet.  Other than a few moans of comfort, Miss Lynn ignored me
and continued to lie on her stomach.

After a while I moved up to her legs.  I messaged and kissed every inch of her
skin.  As I got closer to her thighs, she spread her legs, allowing me to inhale
her heady aroma.  It was intoxicating, and I was feeling an ever-increasing
sexual tension from touching her skin and smelling her excitement.  My gentle
messaging had brought her to a high state of arousal.  I could not help but
concentrate my kisses closer and closer to her musky center.  I remember the
strong smell of her pussy and her ass, and how rigid my penis had become.  I was
constantly using my fingers to remove the discharge from my balls.    I leaned
forward with my hands as support and began kissing her ass cheeks.  I loved the
feel of her skin on my lips.  I frequently kissed the skin near her ass hole.  I
loved the strong aroma emanating from her ass hole.  I worked my way down to her
inner thighs and also breath in the musky odor of her hot pussy.  As much as I
was enjoying the scent of her body, my excitement level was so high; I feared
that I would explode in orgasm.  I would frequently kiss down her leg or up to
the small of her back to relieve my senses of her powerful aroma; preventing me
from cuming.

As I worshiping Miss Lynn, I had an overwhelming desire to speak to her about my
desire to serve her.  I could not help myself.  Miss Lynn, may I please comment
on how much I enjoy serving you?  She raised her head from the pillow and looked
back at me.  Then she rolled her head back and closed her eyes.  "If you must."
Thank you Miss Lynn for allowing me to worship your wonderful, beautiful body.
The site and taste of your body is heavenly, and I feel very honored to be here
with you.  Please allow me to do anything that will please you.  I paused for a
moment to give her time to respond.  She continued to relax with her head on the
pillow.  "What do you have in mind?  What do you think will please me?  I want
to hear what you will do."  Yes ma'am.  I don't want to offend you Miss Lynn,
but may I be explicit ma'am?  "You are free to say what you think."  Thank you
Miss Lynn.  I really enjoy smelling your pussy and your ass hole.  I loved
licking the piss off of them.  I also enjoyed the taste of your piss.  I would
be honored to drink all of your piss the next time you have to go.  And Miss
Lynn, I would like to use my tongue on your ass hole until you have an orgasm.
I have heard that it takes longer, but a woman can have a more intense orgasm
through her anus.  I would be honored to penetrate your anus with my tongue and
bring you joy.

She had not responded to what I was saying, and I was afraid to keep talking.  I
began kissing all around her ass hole.  Then I planted a few soft kisses
directly to her anus.  Her odor was making me so excited I was leaking pre-cum
constantly.  "Get a couple of pillows.  When I rise up.  Put them under my
stomach."  I quickly responded.  As she rested on the pillow, her ass hole was
now fully exhibited and much easier to worship.  Her pussy was also in plain
view, and I noticed how wet she had become.  The juice was leaking out of her
vagina and running onto the bed.  I wanted so badly to lick it off.

My penis had been hard for so long that my balls were sore.  It was actually the
soreness that was keeping me from cuming.  "Now, show me what you can do slut."
That was all the encouragement I needed.  Her beautiful exposed pussy and ass
hole was one the most exotic sites I had ever seen.  I put my head between her
legs and inhaled once again the musky scent of her pussy.  I licked the
discharge from her pussy lips and savored the taste of her excitement.  I
quickly moved up to her ass hole and licked her puckered opening.  My taste buds
were rewarded with the rich pungent flavor of her most private orifice.  I began
kissing and licking her ass hole with a slow rhythmic pace.  I didn't want her
to think I was an animal, but I wanted to show my appreciation and devotion.
Occasionally I would kiss her cheeks.  I used my hands to gently message her
legs and ass cheeks.   I was totally devoted to her comfort and sexual pleasure.

I am so thankful Miss Lynn to serve you in this way.  I love the taste of your
ass hole and your pussy.  I continued to lick and kiss her openings, but
concentrated mainly on her anal area.  This went on for at least a half hour.  I
suddenly got  the notion to suck her ass hole.  I put my mouth over her ass hole
and formed a seal with my lips.  I pushed my tongue against her opening and
began to gently suck, steadily increasing the suction.  To my delight she
responded with a long moan.  "Don't stop slut.  Keep that up."

It made me so happy that I was pleasing her.  I sucked a little harder and
pushed my tongue against her anal opening with more pressure.  "That's it.  Do
that.  Oh yes, do that."   I was so proud.  I forgot about everything else in
the world and concentrated on Miss Lynn's asshole.  I maintained as much suction
as I could and pushed harder with my tongue.  She continued to moan and hunch
against the pillow.  I became so excited that I pointed my tongue and pushed it
between her sphincter muscles and into her anus.  "Oh God.  That's it.  Fuck me
with your tongue!  Fuck me!"  I could feel my face get hot and I began to sweat.
My mouth tongue was getting sore.  But I was enjoying her reaction and her taste
was exciting me beyond belief. I never would have thought that I would like the
taste of a woman's ass hole so much.  It was almost as if she was actually
ejaculating through her ass hole.  The taste was not foul at all.  "Suck it.
Suck my ass hole!  Fuck me with your tongue.  Oh my God.  I am going to cum!   I
am going to cum!  I was actually holding on to her know.  She was bucking like a
horse, and I was trying very hard to keep my mouth on her ass hole.  "I'm
cuming!  I'm cuming!  Oh God.  Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! "

Then it was over.  She settled down on the pillows.  I gently kissed and licked
her ass hole for several moments.  I slowly raised up to look again on her
beautiful body.  Her pussy was dripping with cum.  It had leaked onto the pillow
and created a large wet spot.  I moved down and licked the cum form her pussy
lips.  Oh God, I thought for a moment that my balls would erupt.  I gritted my
teeth and fought off the orgasm.  I looked down at my rigid penis and suddenly
realized that it was dripping all over the bed.  In my glorious efforts to
please Miss Lynn I had totally forgotten about it.

 I quickly used my fingers to remove my discharge.  Even my balls were wet with
pre-cum.  Just as I got started, she rose up and turned her head to me.  "What
have you done?"   I was just cleaning up ma'am.  "What is that?"  She pointed to
the wet spot on the bed. "You have cum without permission!"  No ma'am. No Miss
Lynn.  It is only pre-cum.  She turned around and sat on the pillows she had
been lying on.  With an evil look on her face, she used her fingers to rub the
wet spot and remove some of it for examination.  She rubbed it between her
fingers, and brought them to her nose to smell them.  "You are lucky this is not
cum."  She got off the bed and stood up.  "However, you are still in trouble for
leaking on my bed.   Go get the hairbrush."  Please Miss Lynn I am so sorry.  I
could not help my self.  It happened when I was pleasing you.  "Go.....
Get...the hairbrush.  Now!"  Yes Miss Lynn.  I quickly got up and ran to the
living room to get the hairbrush.  When I returned she was standing with her
hand extended and her palm face up.  I put it in her hand and fell to my knees.
Please forgive me Miss Lynn.  I was only trying to make you cum.  I could not
help it.  Please don't hurt me.

"Oh please.  Don't give me that shit.  Do you really think I am going to excuse
that type of behavior after all I have allowed you to do?  I let you into my
house.  I let you taste my piss.  I let you lick my pussy and my asshole.  I let
you swallow my cum.  And this is how you repay me."  I didn't know what to say.
Suddenly I realized that my giving her pleasure did not equal the pleasure she
had given me.  I looked down at the floor in shame.  I am sorry Miss Lynn. You
are right.  I deserve to be punished.  "You bet you do.   Now get your ass up on
the bed."  I slowly got up and crawled onto the bed.  "Lay on your back with
your ass on top of these pillows.  I want full access to you.  Spread your legs.
That's right.  Now, grab the head board with your hands."  She stood there for a
few moments as I wiggled into place.   My ass was higher than the rest of my
body.  Even though my fear of punishment had caused my erection to melt away, my
penis was still swollen and lying on my stomach pointing down to my head.  My
balls were in perfect position for what she was about to do.

"Remember what I told you?"  I was afraid to answer.  "I know you remember.  I
told you that if you leaked again on my furniture, I would set your balls on
fire with this hairbrush.  Right?"  Yes ma'am.  I could feel my heart racing.
"You must remain in this position while I punish you.  If you try move or stop
me, I will only make it worse."  Yes ma'am.  I braced myself physically and
mentally.  "It's a shame.  You were doing such a good job.  I had even thought
about rewarding you."  She bent forward and began gently smacking my balls.   I
didn't hurt, but I knew she was only beginning.  She gradually increased the
intensity, just as she had done with my penis.  They were beginning to sting.
"You had to fuck up and lose control of this pathetic piece of meat."  She
diverted her effort for a quick hard smack to my penis.  It stung so bad I
responded with plea of mercy.  She quickly started back on my balls.  The
stinging was getting worse; I could not refrain from moving about.  "Remember
what I told you about moving.  Do you want me to start over?"  No ma'am.  Please
have mercy Miss Lynn.  I am sorry.  She ignored my pleas and began smacking with
more force.  Not only did my skin feel like it was on fire, but my balls were
aching from the force of the brush.  Each time she hit one of my balls, I could
feel the pain shoot up into my body.  Please Miss Lynn.  Please forgive me.  I
am so sorry.  My eyes were tearing badly, and it was becoming impossible to
tolerate the pain.  "You should have thought about this before you broke the
rules."  She paused and used her fingers to pull my ball sack up.  "We don't
want to ignore the underside."  Then she cruelly delivered a rain of smacks to
the underside of my balls sack.  I screamed with pain.  Please Miss Lynn.  Oh
please stop.  Once again she ignored me.  In fact she increased the intensity.
I could barely get the words out now.  Please have mercy Miss Lynn. "You know, I
really do enjoy this.  I am glad you broke the rules."  She let go of my ball
sack and delivered several hard smacks directly to my balls.  "Oh God Miss Lynn.
Oh God, I can't take it any more.  Please stop.  "Stop?  Why should I stop?  You
disobeyed me."  She started another series of smacks below the base of my penis
where the skin of the scrotum begins.  They were very intense.  I rose up
slightly and pleaded profusely.  By then I was crying, and it was hard for me to
pronounce the words I wanted to say.  "You should see how red your balls are.  I
believe you will remember this for a long time."  I felt a sudden sense of
relief as she finally stopped.

"I think you have learned your lesson.  Its too bad.  I had considered allowing
you to relieve those swollen balls."  She used her fingers to feel my balls. 
"Oh yes, they are full.  Aren't they? "  I quickly answered in the affirmative.
As much pain as she had put me through, I still felt the need to cum.  "I bet
you would love to feel the cum shoot out of your balls and through you cock.
That wonderful feeling a man gets when he knows he is going to cum.  I bet you
are feeling that right now."  Yes ma'am.  Please allow me to cum.  Suddenly the
pain in my balls was almost gone, or maybe I was to excited to feel it.  I
needed to cum so bad.  My cock had been hard so much in the last few days, and I
had not cum since Wednesday.  Please Miss Lynn.

She continued to caress my balls with her fingers.  My cock was now rock hard.
It felt so good.  I was afraid I would cum any moment.  She was right I was
getting that feeling.  I wanted to cum.  I needed it.  Oh God, all I could think
about was feeling the cum erupt from balls and shoot through my penis.  "But,
you were a bad boy.  You tried to cum without my permission, and you leaked your
nasty stuff all over my house."  She removed her fingers from my cock, and I
felt an emotional crush.  "No, you are not allowed to cum tonight."  She looked
at me with an indifferent stare.  "No, not tonight.  I am too tired anyway. 
Get to the bottom of the bed."  She pointed her finger there.  I quickly
responded even though I was terribly upset over not being allowed to cum.

"I am too tired to go to the bathroom, so you will be my bed pan.  Put your head
her."  She pointed to a place in the center of the bed, and I lay down on my
back with my legs over the foot of the bed.  She then rose up and straddled my
head.  She looked down into my eyes.  "Open you mouth bed pan!"  As I lay there
waiting for her to piss in my mouth, I marveled again at how lucky I was to
serve such a beautiful woman.  She relaxed for a few moments as everything
became quiet.  Then I felt the first few drops of her salty nectar. Suddenly she
let go with a large flow.  I  swallowed so as not to allow any to spill.  She
stopped and started several times to allow me time to swallow.   The taste of
her piss only increased my desire to cum.

Thank you Miss Lynn.  Thank you for allowing me to serve you.  She moved from my
face and got under the sheets as I moved to the bottom of the bed.  "Go to the
living room and get my panties."  I got up and quickly returned with her scented
panties.  "Put them over your head.  You can sleep in the floor.  Maybe I will
let you cum in the morning."  I laid down in the floor with her panty crotch to
my nose as she turned out the light.  "Keep you hands off your cock.  If I catch
you masturbating, I'll make you stand on the tip of your toes all night."  Yes
ma'am.  Good night Miss Lynn.

End of Part 13




My Submissive Life


14.   Water Torture

 I don't remember sleeping much that night.  I needed to cum so bad, and I had
the erotic smell of her dirty panties tantalizing my nostrils all night.  I
guess I must have finally drifted off.  The next thing I knew it was morning,
and I could hear Miss Lynn moving in the bed.  I lay very still so as not to
agitate her.   I was hoping she would allow me to cum.  As I became fully awake,
I realized how hard my penis was.  I really needed to cum badly.  My balls were
full and the smell of Miss Lynn's panties was driving me crazy.  "Oh yes, that
was a good night's rest."  She sat up in the bed and stretched.  "Now I have to
pee." She looked over the edge of the bed to see that I was awake.  "Did you
hear me?  Bed pan."  Yes ma'am.  "Then get up here."  I quickly got to the
center of the bed as I had done the night before.  She squatted over my face and
looked down at me with a big grin.  The difference this time was the smell of
her pussy.  I guess the activity of last night really worked her up.  She was
already leaking juice from her vagina.  There was so much it was ready to drip
down, and the smell of her pussy was particularly exciting to me.  It was very
strong.  My penis was actually throbbing, and she knew it.

"Oh my, look at that cock of yours.  I'll bet you would love to empty those
balls of yours.  Wouldn't you?"  Yes Miss Lynn.  Please allow me to do so.  I
was so in need I could not help but beg her for relief.  "You still have some
work to do.  But first, lick that stuff off of my pussy and tell me how much you
like it."  I raised my head and used my tongue to catch the discharge from her
dripping pussy.   Oh God it was so sweet.  I loved it.  I licked again from her
clit to her ass hole.  The taste was divine.   "Well, tell me."  It was
wonderful Miss Lynn.  Your pussy juice tastes wonderful ma'am.  May I have the
honor of drinking your piss?  "Oh yes.  Open wide I can't wait much longer."  As
soon as I opened my mouth I could see her piss start dripping out and down into
my mouth.  The first few drops stung my taste buds.  It was as strong as I had
ever tasted.  Then she lowered her pussy over my open mouth and I sealed my lips
over it.  She quickly let go with a stream of burning piss.  It filled my mouth
as I tried hard to swallow it.  She let off but quickly began again.  She filled
my mouth several times.  It was a magical experience.  I felt so proud and so
honored to drink her golden nectar.  She finally stopped and lowered most of her
weight on my face.  My jaw was forced open and my nose was jammed into her ass
crack.  I could not breath. 

She stayed there for a few moments, then raised up enough for me to catch my
breath.  As I did the odor from her dirty ass hole permeated my nostrils.  "Lick
me dry.  Do a good job if you know what's good for you."  I quickly licked her
pussy and asshole to get any residue off.  When I was finished she got up from
the bed and opened the drawer to her nightstand.  To my surprise she pulled out
a pair of handcuffs.  "Get up."  I got up and walked around the bed to where she
was standing.  That's when I noticed the large eye hook in the ceiling.  "Put
these on your wrists."  I did as instructed while she fumbled around in the
drawer for something else.  She pulled out a piece of rope about 2 feet long. 
Then she got up in the bed and stood so she could reach the eyehook.  "I do this
to Bill sometimes to keep him from masturbating while I am in the shower.  Raise
you hands over your head."  I raised my hands up while she ran the rope through
the eyehook and then through the handcuffs.  She tied the two ends together and
stepped down from the bed.  "There we go.  That ought to hold you."  She stood
back and laughed at my predicament.  Then she looked down at my shriveling
penis.  "Oh that's too bad."  She kneeled down with her head at the same level
as my penis and began gently blowing on the head.  Oh my God.  I could not
believe it.  She also used one hand to cup my balls. 

My penis immediately sprung to attention.  "Well, what do we have here?  Her
soft sexy voice and hot breath was driving me crazy.  Within moments my penis
was rigid again, and I could see the pre-cum oozing from it.  "Remember, I told
you about leaking on my carpet.  If it does, I will have to punish you again,
and you will not be allowed to cum."  Please Miss Lynn.   Please let my arms
down so I can do something about it.  Please ma'am. I am afraid I cannot control
my penis.  She stood up and looked directly in my eyes.  "That's your problem. 
I'm going to take a shower and get dressed.  When I get back, there better not
be any mess in my floor."  She quickly turned and went to her bath. 

I was getting very nervous as I looked down as my once erect penis slowly fell
down.  I knew my discharge would follow and leak on the carpet.  I moved my legs
in such a way to catch any discharge that my fall.  Unfortunately this put me in
a very uncomfortable position, and created a strain on my arms.  I was starting
to feel physically and mentally challenged.  I would just have to wait.  I
looked at the alarm clock several times.  5 minutes turned into 10 minutes. 
Then 15, then 20.  She was taking her good old time.  After about 25 minutes I
could sense that she was finished.  I heard her walking and the lights went out. 
She walked into the bedroom.

She was still naked, but she had fixed her hair and put on make up.  She was
beautiful, and for a moment, I felt so good to know that I had been serving her. 
She walked toward me and looked down at the floor between my legs.  "Oh my.  Oh
my.  It looks like we have a problem."  She turned and disappeared into her
closet.  I could not see her but I could hear her.  My arms were aching from
being over my head so long.  I wanted to beg her for relief.  "You just can't
stay out of trouble."  It sounded like she was dressing.  "I guess I will have
to take you back to Miss Carol and Miss Zeta to see what we can do to you in
order to make you mind your manners."  Please Miss Lynn.  I am so sorry, but I
could not help it.  Her head emerged at an angle from the closet.  "Oh, don't
start making excuses.  I don't want to hear it.  You had better shut up or I
will leave you there all day."  I felt so humiliated and helpless.  She finally
came out fully dressed.  She was wearing a business suit with high heels.  She
looked so dominant and powerful: she was even more desirable.  She walked up to
again.  As she stared into my eyes she grabbed my penis and began caressing it. 
I could smell her sensuous perfume, and my penis became hard again.

"You would like to cum, wouldn't you?"  Yes ma'am.  She let go of my pulsating
penis and started fondling my balls.  "And these.  You would love to relieve the
pressure in these.  Wouldn't you."  Yes Miss Lynn.   She looked down and began
using her other hand to manipulate my penis.  I was afraid I would erupt any
moment.  "Maybe if you would beg me, I would soften my heart and allow you to
cum."  Oh please Miss Lynn.  Please allow me to cum.  Oh please ma'am.  I will
do anything for you.  Please allow me to cum.  I need to cum so badly Miss Lynn. 
Please allow me to relieve my penis and balls.  "How long has it been?"  Her
soft sexy voice thrilled my heart and sent chills though my entire body.  It was
Wednesday ma'am.  "Wednesday."  She continued to touch my balls.  She was also
running her fingertip up and down the length of my shaft.  Not enough to make me
cum, but enough to drive me crazy.  "Let's see. Wednesday.  Thursday.  Friday. 
Saturday.  Sunday.  That's four days.  Right?"  Yes ma'am.  It's been
particularly difficult since I met you Miss Lynn.  Your beauty, your smell, your
taste, Oh god Miss Lynn.  You are driving me crazy.  "I am?"  Yes Miss Lynn.
Please allow me to cum.  "I must admit you have tried hard to please me."  She
put her hand around the base of my cock and slowly pulled the skin upward.  "You
have licked my pussy."  She ever so slowly pulled the skin of my cock back down. 
"You have licked my ass hole."  She slowly pumped my cock again.  "You have
drunk my piss."  She pumped it one more time.  I could feel my balls churning. 
I felt like I would erupt any moment.  I closed my eyes.  She loosened her grip
on my penis and began running her hand slowly up and down my shaft.  Her grip
was so loose; I could barely feel the contact.  My penis was pulsating so much I
thought I would cum.  "But, you have been bad, and you must be punished."  She
abruptly walked away and picked up the phone. 

I don't think I had ever felt such disappointment.  I was so sure she was going
to allow me to cum.  She so skillfully brought me to the point of climax, then
backed off just in time.  "Carol."  A moment of silence.  "Good morning to you. 
And yes, he did a good job.  But I want to bring him back so you can use him
some more."  My penis had started to shrink again.  I knew I would be leaking
any moment.  She held the phone to her ear and I could hear the sound of Miss
Carol talking on the other end.  "Well.  Like I said. He did a good job, but
there has been one recurring problem."  There was silence again.  "Yes, that's
right.  He could not control himself over here either."  While she was listening
to Miss Carol, Miss Lynn reached over to my shrinking penis and checked it
again.  "Yes he is leaking now."  She removed my pre-cum with her finger and
stuck it to my lips.  "Ok, I will let him down.  I had to tie his hands over his
head to keep him from masturbating."  I could feel my face burning.  I felt so
humiliated.  "That sounds good.  I am getting hungry.  I will let him out the
back door and send him over there.  I will be over in a few moments."  She hung
up the phone, and then quickly reached up over my head to untie the rope.  I let
my arms down in front of me with great relief.  Thank you Miss Lynn.  "Shut up." 
She released the handcuffs and I rubbed my wrists to relieve the discomfort. 
"Now, get to the back door and get over to Miss Carol's."  Having drank her piss
twice; I was in bad need of relieving myself.  Miss Lynn, may I relieve myself
first.  "No, you can go in the back yard.  Now hurry."

The sun was up, but it was still to early for anyone to see me.  I relieved
myself behind a bush, and then quickly made my way to Miss Carol's back door.  I
gently knocked on the door and waited.  I could hear them taking inside, so I
knew they could hear me.  I knew they were making me wait.  After a while I
could hear the doorbell ring, so I knew Miss Lynn was there now.  I waited until
I could hear their voices again, then I gently pecked on the door.  Miss Zeta
finally let me in and led me to the kitchen where they were all gathered for
breakfast.  Miss Carol and Miss Zeta were also fully dressed in fine business
suits.

I noticed that there was a bucket on the counter.  Near it was a number of
plastic bottles; 16 ounce bottles like those used for water.  They appeared to
be full of water.  I also saw a small dog collar like one would use for a small
dog or cat.  Beside of it was an s-hook.  It looked like a strange combination
of items for a kitchen.  For some reason I counted the bottles, and there was 8.  

There were 3 place sittings at the table.  Miss Carol had them sit down and they
began to eat breakfast.  She finally allowed me to crawl on the floor and eat
scrapes that they would throw down.  I was so hungry by then I did not care. 
After a few moments of small talk, Miss Carol changed the subject.  "So, he was
bad last night and this morning too."  "Yes.  He cannot control that worthless
cock of his.  He told me he has not came since Wednesday."  I could feel the
humiliation showing in my burning face.  "We did not allow him to cum yesterday
for the same reason.  He needs more training."  Miss Zeta was very harsh in her
tone, and it made me nervous.  Miss Carol pointed to the counter and looked at
Miss Lynn.  "Well, we have a training session set up for him in just a few
moments.  Maybe he will learn a little self-control."  The bucket and the
bottles of water; I knew there was something funny about that.

Miss Lynn seemed to be much more comfortable about discussing such matters this
morning.  "Last night helped me make up my mind about Bill, and about all men. 
From now on, I am going to take complete control of Bill and use him more for my
pleasure.  I can see now why you two have never married."  Miss Carol and Miss
Zeta laughed.  Miss Carol flipped a piece of food in the floor.  "Why should we? 
There is plenty of wimps like this around standing in line to serve a dominant
woman."  "You are absolutely right.  Bill will be home this evening, and we will
have a long talk."  They had finished eating and were leaning back in their
chairs.  Miss Lynn paused for a moment.  She got up and walked to the counter. 
"So, what are these for?"  Miss Carol looked at Miss Zeta.  "Water Torture." 
Miss Lynn looked puzzled.  "Water Torture?"   I was beginning to get the idea. 
I had seen it in a bondage magazine.

Miss Carol got up.  "You will see."  She looked at me and began motioning with
her curled finger.  I knew she wanted me to come to her.  I walked on my knees
to the center of the room.  "Get up on your feet and spread your legs."  I did
as she instructed.  "Take this collar and wrap it around you balls; tightly. 
Make sure the metal ring is under your balls."  I nervously devoted myself to
the task.  I was not totally sure what she was going to do, but I wanted to make
it as comfortable for my balls as possible.  My face was burning and my heart
was racing as I stood before my audience.  "Hurry, I don't have all day."  Miss
Carol pulled on the ring when I was finished to make sure my balls were tightly
bound.  She then looked towards Miss Lynn.

"Notice how the collar pulls his balls together and down to the bottom oh his
balls sack.  This will keep him from having those nasty discharges."  She
flipped my balls a couple of times with her thumb and fingers to get my
attention.  She knew exactly how hard to make me wince in pain.  She went to the
counter and got the bucket and the s-hook.  "Now, we simply put one end of the
s-hook through the ring on the collar, and the other end to the bucket."  My
fate was fast becoming clear to me.  She turned again to the counter and picked
up a couple of bottles.  She held them up so I could see them.  "Guess what we
do with these?"  Miss Zeta and Miss Lynn began to laugh.  Miss Carol took the
top off of the first one and slowly began to poor the water into the bucket. 
The weight of the bucket was not bad, but the weight of the water from the
bottle gradually increased the pull on my balls.  "I don't think we have his
attention yet."  She took the top off the second bottle and began pouring it
into the bucket.  Now, the weight was becoming more noticeable. 

Miss Carol began distributing the bottles to Miss Lynn and Miss Zeta.  "Pull
your chairs up.  Let's get a closer look."  As they pulled their chairs up to
me, my humiliation was becoming very evident.  I was breathing hard and
beginning to perspire.  I could feel my face burning, and my balls were
beginning to ache.  Miss Carol pushed the bucket with her foot and let it swing
between my legs.  "Ok, now we take turns.  Who wants to go first?"  "Me", said
Miss Lynn.  "I want to do one."  She leaned forward and slowly began pouring the
third bottle.  "This is for leaking on my carpet."  I looked down at my limp
penis to see that my balls had turned to a bright red.  I was still afraid to
say anything.  I could feel the extra weight pull the collar further down
against my balls. "My turn."  Miss Zeta did the same.  She slowly poured the
contents of the fourth bottle.  I suddenly realized I had a half gallon of water
hanging from my balls.  The additional weight was beginning to  hurt badly, and
I could hold my tongue no longer.

I looked at Miss Carol.  Please Miss Carol.  Please show mercy.  I am sorry for
being bad.   I will try harder.  She pushed the bucket again with her foot and
leaned back in her chair.  "You are sorry.  Yes, you are sorry.  You are a sorry
slut.  Her voice became louder with each sentence.  You have dirtied my house
with yourcum.  You have embarrassed me before my neighbor and good friend, and
all you can say is you are sorry!"  I hung my head in shame.  "You will be more
sorry before we are through."  Then she pushed the bucket with more force;
pulling my balls back and forth between my legs; and squeezing them more tightly
into my ball sack.  " Ready for some more.  Its my turn again."  Miss Carol
watched the bucket swing to a stop as she poured the 5th container into the
bucket. 

My balls were starting to ach constantly now.  I am so sorry Miss Carol, Miss
Zeta, and Miss Lynn.  Please forgive me.  Miss Zeta leaned forward and opened
her last bottle.  "You look a little parched.  How about some water?  They all
laughed as she poured it into the bucket.  The extra weight caused pain to shoot
up into my stomach.  The pulling sensation on my balls was becoming unbearable. 
I began moving around on my feet to relieve the pain, but it was no use.  To
make maters worse, Miss Zeta pushed the bucket back suddenly and let it swing. 
Oh God! Please stop.  Please stop torturing me.  They all laughed again as the
bucket swung to stop.  "I have one more bottle."  Miss Carol brought the bottle
to the edge of the bucket and stopped.  She used her other hand to examine my
penis.  "It seems to be working.  I don't see any cum."  They all laughed hard
as she poured her last bottle in the bucket.  The tears were now streaming down
my face.  Oh God.  Please Miss Carol.  Please have mercy.  My balls are aching
so badly.  I don't think I can take it.  "She looked me straight in the eye. 
"Don't you dare do anything to spoil our fun.  I will pick up the phone right
now and tell Miss Lora how bad you have been, and you will never see any of us
again.  Do you understand me?"  She pushed the bucket again with such force that
it felt like my balls were being cut off.  Yes Miss Carol.  Yes Miss Carol.  I
looked down at my bluish colored balls and wondered if I could take any more.

"He is such a wimp."  Miss Lynn laughed and then she held the last bottle up as
if she was making a toast.  "Here's to our little slut."  Then she slowly poured
the remaining bottle into the bucket.  There was now a gallon of water dangling
from my testicles.  I looked down at my tortured balls.  They were a deep
purple.  The pain in my stomach was going into my side, and I felt like I was
going to pass out.  As she allowed the last few drops to land in the bucket, she
looked up with a sadistic smile.   "That's for leaking your scum on my carpet. 
Then she leaned back in her chair and folded her arms.  

The pain was now unbearable.  Please Miss Lynn.  Please Miss Zeta.  Please Miss
Carol.  I can't stand it anymore.  Please have mercy.  Miss Carol moved her hand
up to my balls and felt them.  I could not feel her touch.  "I know why they are
hurting so bad.  We have been ignoring this."  She suddenly flicked my penis
with her finger and thumb.  Then she did it with her other hand.  Then she
alternately flipped my penis with both hands.  I responded with a quick movement
back.   This only caused the bucket to pull suddenly on my tortured balls.  Oh
God! Oh Please!  Please have mercy.  I can't take it any more.  Please ma'am. 
The tears were flowing down my face.

"Have you learned you lesson?"  Yes Miss Carol.  Yes ma'am.  "If I let you free,
will you promise not to lose control of your cock?"  Yes ma'am.  I promise. 
Please Miss Carol. Please have mercy.  She pulled the bucket up and off of the
s-hook.  Suddenly I had the greatest feeling in the world as the weight was
released from my balls.  Thank you Miss Carol. Thank you.  I had long since
forgotten my shame and humiliation.  The pain in my balls had dominated my mind,
and it was all I could think of.   She put the bucket on the floor and pulled
the s-hook out of the collar ring.  "Keep your hands behind your back.  I'll do
this."  My balls were still blue, but the feeling was starting to come back.  As
she loosened the collar, the blood began rushing back into my balls.  It felt
like little needles.  I looked down as she pulled the collar away.  My balls
were still pushed together and my bag has conformed to the tight position it had
been forced into.  She bean using her fingers to message my balls.   As the
feeling returned my already tortured balls became super sensitive to the
message, and I almost yelled out in pain.  "Shut up you fool, or I will pull
them off."  Her rough manipulation was excruciating, yet knowing that it would
soon be over keep me from losing it.  Yes ma'am.  Thank you Miss Carol.  Thank
you for having mercy on me. 

They made me clean the kitchen and do other chores while they sat and talked
well into the morning.  Finally Miss Lynn commented that it was time for her to
pick Bill up at the airport.  Miss Carol stood up and remarked about Bill.  "So
you are going to talk with Bill this evening?"  "I sure am.  In fact I will
begin when we leave the airport."  They all walked to the door.  Miss Carol
motioned for me to follow.  "I have another idea."  I could sense something
sinister in her voice.  "Why don't you take our little slut with you this
afternoon.  When Bill gets in, he can see how he is supposed to act."  Everyone
got quiet.  Miss Lynn put her hand under chin as if she was in deep thought. 
"You know.  That's a good idea.  Bill will probably do what I tell him to do
anyway.  But it would be more humiliating if he had to do it in front of another
slut."  My heart sunk.  Not again.  Not another man.  Miss Carol spoke up again. 
"Good.  You go to the airport.  I will let him in the back door and he will be
waiting on his hands and knees at the front door when you and Bill get there." 

End of Part 14




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Doug Young


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





