BDSM Library - A Visit to Mistress Victoria




A Visit to Mistress Victoria
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The 1st time a sub is being dominated the way he always dream for.... and more... by a professional Dominiatrix.
A Visit to Mistress Victoria

Back in August 2002, I had a trip to Melbourne to visit my Relatives. I was very
anxious to go there for some reasons. First, I haven't seen them for quite a
while, and second, because I've been looking at this Australian D/s Reference
Website that tells me there are establishments that provide "Professional
Dominant" Since this is my own dark little secret, I didn't tell anyone bout the
second reason.

It was hard to "tame" my hard-on, I had to spent times with my relatives and
friends when I first got there, but my mind seem to be wandering to that
establishments. One perfect day when I have found an excuse for myself from the
people around me, I went to one of the establishments called the Correction
Centre (http://home.mira.net/~ccentre/).

When I got there I was taken to the office where I am to met my Dom. I first met
Mistress Elizabeth and I told her my fantasies, and since she was leaving soon,
she recommend me to be dominated by Mistress Victoria.

Before the session started, we had discussions bout my limits, what I look for
and would not want in the session (I only took a 1 hour session). I was telling
her that this is my first time and that I enjoy bondage in particular but also
enjoy CBT, Teasing and Denial, being dominated, etc. To end the discussion she
told me the save word, Mercy, which is the only word that would make her stop
what ever it is she was doing [I was kinda disappointed I could experience being
dominated and gag :-( ].

Next I was taken to the dungeon and told to shower and they've prepared a robe
for me. I was anxious but somehow frightened for what to come next. When I
finish I waited in the dungeon, looking at all the "toys" provided there, it was
like a dream dungeon come true. And just to make you even more amaze, this is
NOT the Main Dungeon which was being use when I was there.

Mistress Victoria enters the Dungeon and told me to lose the robe. I was so
embarrassed I think I flush. Then She started the first bondage scene, wristband
were lock on me and then she hooked them to a pulley above my head. It was a bit
high so I had to stand on my tip toe. Then she put a blindfold on me and I lost
my sights (Sensory Deprivation is one hell of a way to turn you on!!!) I felt
her move away and took something from the table (table of lovely equipments),
she was wearing heels so I can hear her move around yet that only add up to my
anticipation of what to come and gave me a raging hard-on.

She started to tie something around my cock and balls (a string I suppose) but
that wasn't it, she keeps getting busy around my cock & balls. She put on
something else on my balls ( which I suppose is a parachute or some kind) then
add weight to it. My ball stretch and I was surprise at how intense I am. She
took a whip and started whippin my ass, my genitals, my tits and nipples, it
just keeps me horny. I tried to stay still cause every movement I make also
makes the weight on my balls seems heavier. Sometimes I regret I didn't have the
session on video. She would just tease me more and more, put nipple clamps on my
poor nipples, and the thing that surprise me was when she pick up the weight on
my balls... and  just DROP it. It hurts like hell!!! I couldn't stop myself from
screaming and she said "your a noisy one, aren't you slave?", "Yes Mistress" was
all I could reply with all the pains in my mind. My arms were getting a bit
crammed but I tried telling myself "this is nothing, you'll look like an idiot
if you give up now!!!" thankfully not long after that, she release my hands from
the pulley and took off my wrist band and also my blindfold, but being so
generous, she decided I should keep on the parachute for now (auw..
auw...auw...)

To start the second session, she told me to walk to a chair (kinda like a gyno
chair), with the weights still on... (trust me, it ain't easy to walk with them
on). Before I sat she decides to wrap me in plastic for the second scene. She
told me to stand still with my hands next to me and she wrap 'em all together.
During the process my balls were still screaming of pain. When she finished
wrapping my upper body, she told me to seat on the chair. I wasn't a big fan of
mummification but the whole wrapping stuff excites me. After I seat she said my
balls had enough stretching and she release the parachute. She wraps my feet as
well to make sure I kept still, then to my surprise she produce a scissor. She
comes to me and said "Stay still, don't want any accident to happen." I stayed
completely still not knowing what she wanted to do. She cut some hole through
the plastic around my nipples and my cock & balls. Before she continue, she put
back on my blindfolds, and once again I was helpless with full anticipation of
what to come.

She prepared things for a while, all I could tell was that she was still in the
room yet I have no idea what she is doing. Then she approach me and without any
warning, I felt something burning on my nipples! I was shock, She actually use
wax on me! It was so painful and I really didn't thought I could stand it, yet I
didn't want to ruin the scene by saying Mercy, so I just scream as loud as I
could. To my surprise, this "treatment" also makes me horny! Even when she
poured the wax on my cock and balls, which were as painful as can be, I felt I
never have a bigger hard-on ever. She continue my torment, and put on nipple
clamps on my nipple, again. After that she start putting this small clips to my
ball sack. It didn't hurt at first and I thought this is the easier torment, but
I was dead wrong. After putting one so many of them,  it starts to feel painful,
she kept it on for a short while, playing with my nipples first. Then she starts
to pull 'em off.

Just like what happen when you pull of your nipple clamps after putting them on
for a while, the pulling off of those little clips was a painful process.

At this point I have no idea just how horny I am, to tell the truth I don't know
how much pre-cum I've produced. For all I know, I might even have cum in the
middle of all those painful (or we usually call wonderful) process. To end the
second scene, she cuts off the plastic and let me loose, then she told me to get
on all fours. She smack my ass, teasing me all the way. Then she told me to lay
down while she holds my cock in her hand. I lay on my stomach and she position
so that my cock is visible. Then gently.... she steps on my cock... I was
frightened at the idea and kept saying "please Mistress, don't do that Mistress"
yet I didn't one to say Mercy. Then she seat on a seat in front of me, and gave
me a command that actually turns me on. She said her shoes wasn't shining so she
told me to lick 'em. I get on the job so fast, I never felt being humiliated so
much that it actually turn me on!!! I lick every part of her shoes, even the
heels (but she would not let me lick the bottom, knowing that could be to
disgusting) And I kept licking until she said it was enough.

The Session was almost offer and she told me this is the time when I'm suppose
to cum. She prepare a towel in front of her seat and she told me to get on my
knees and masturbate in front of her. I started jacking off as hard as I could,
and along the process she plays with my nipples. The most humiliating thing
happened right there and then, I don't know what came over me, was it the
humiliation, the torture or what ever, I couldn't come!!! I kept trying but it
just doesn't seem to help. After being despair of my attempt, the mistress said
"Well thats too bad, but your time is up".

She told me to shower and I just couldn't get it off my mind why I couldn't
come. I put on my outfit and Mistress Victoria escort me to the door. It was an
Experience I could never forget, and I'm looking forward to making another visit
to Melbourne.

-Slave2bondage-




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slave2bondage


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





