BDSM Library - Happy Memories




Happy Memories
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A day in a life of a sub-mistress relationship.. written by a dominant like myself.
Happy Memories

I was sitting on my chair seeing you trembling on bed before me.

I was remembering our last night's encounters. It was tender, passionate and
very sweet. I was weakened for a moment. I lost control when I see you kneeling
in front me, submitting to my power, eyes downcast, with a determined look on
your face to do everything you could to give me pleasure. I pulled you to your
feet and kissed you. We fell in bed and made love. It was a complete pleasure
for you and me. To see the love and devotion in your eyes when you came inside
of me was the best part. when I woke up in the morning I found you cuddling
against my chest, sleeping peacefully. I smiled and kissed you on your forehead.
I stood up and tied you, spread-eagle to bedposts. I sat on my easy-chair
looking at you waiting for you to wake up... after several minutes, you woke up,
tried to reach me but found your self bound. You struggled for a moment and then
looked at me. I replied you with my naughty smile in one sentence, " so , now we
start again."


You were hardening nicely... I also felt wet... I opened my legs and stroked my
outer lips. You were constantly looking at me. I used my one hand to pinch my
clit while my second hand kept rubbing against my inner walls... I thrust my
fingers in and your cock throbbed in pace with my moan. I speed up and after
several hard strokes I started cumming ... watching you helplessly staring at me
with hunger to touch, while I give my self pleasure, took me over the edge... I
came hard... eyes closed... hips grinding my fingers...

When I calm down, I looked at you ... your eyes were closed too. I saw my cock
was straining for my touch... I stand up and come closer... a gentle kiss on
head and you were shaking. I loose binding from your ankles and kissed my way up
to your wrists. You were moaning... I loose your wrists free. You stayed in bed
for some minutes to compose your self. I gave you my hand to help you stand up
smiling at your condition... and you tried to hold me and kiss me... it felt
nice but It was something that you should never do with out having been
permitted. I thought you need to be reminded that I'm your mistress and
everything around here works MY way. I was not going to let you go with out
paying for breaking my rule. You have been very smug with me lately. I clutched
your balls hard in my hands. You moaned loudly in my mouth and I break the
kiss... I turned around and told you to get shower and come downstairs naked in
our play-room in 15 minutes.

You came and waited outside... I told you to come in and stand in front of
mirror, hands behind your back and feet shoulder width apart. You obeyed
instantly. I picked up a cane from the table. It tapered from a thick hand-grip
at one end to a point at another. I rose and walked towards you. I swished the
cane through air. A wicked sound and you shivered imagining it's feel on your
flesh. I stroked the cane across your face, dragged it down over your chest. I
flicked the tip against your nipple and you flinched with delicious sting. Your
nipple glowed red. I whispered in your ear,

" Tell me what are you?"

" I'm your servant, your slave, your slut... I'm your property to do with as you
see fit. I'm nothing but a fucking piece of meat for you to use, however you
choose." You replied feeling excited by this self-abuse.

I asked loudly with again a swish in air, " perfect. Tell me what I should do to
you?"

" you must punish me, take me, fuck me, torture me... anything you want. I exist
only for your pleasure." By now you were squirming with desire.

I dragged the cane down to your groin, pausing only to tease your cock. I put
the tip of the cane near the slit and pushed it in. you closed your eyes and
moaned. I sharply flick it on your balls hard enough to make you scream. The
blow was harder than usual.

" Haven't I been sweet and gentle?"

with hard smack on your inner thighs, " Haven't you got pleasure with me?"

you nodded your head, with tears in your eyes. This was something that you did
not expected. You looked at me questioningly.

*Swish *, A hard blow On you're ass cheeks, " If I'm sweet and gentle it doesn't
mean that you could break ANY of my rules."

*Swish *, On your cheeks again, " If I'm giving you pleasure it doesn't mean
that you could have it when YOU want."

Now you understood that it was happening because of your morning attempt to kiss
me. you said hurriedly with clasping your hands behind your back tightly , "
yes, ma'am. I understand. I am sorry... It will not happen again, I swear." For
a moment you looked at me and than you closed your eyes praying I wouldn't be
too hard on you today.

I asked, " now tell me, what do you deserve?"

" Anything you wish, ma'am.", You sounded a little scared.

" Right. And that Is what you are always going to have... Everything *I wish* to
give you." I said it in cold voice. " Lay facedown on the sofa. You are going to
have thirty lashes from my belt. Count each one and thank me for giving you this
much attention."

you laid down and immediately place your wrists beneath your head. I took my
belt, cracked it in air. You were shaking, gritting your teeth in preparation,
wondering how rude I could be and how much long you could bare pain. I doubled
it in loop and began your punishment, bringing it down hard on your back and
ass.

WHAM. " one. Thank you, ma'am." WHAM. "two. Thank you, ma'am."


At around 15 lashes Your counting became quieter and more drawn out. The pain of
the nylon belt was affecting You. I didn't let up. I obviously did not want you
to be too comfortable around me.

"I can't HEAR you!" I barked. "I want to be able to hear you counting each
stroke!"

"Sixteen, thank you Ma'am!" You screamed. "Seventeen, thank you Ma'am!" The
blows continued until we finally reached 30, when your body relaxed and shook
with sobs.

When I ordered you to kneel before me again, I noticed your lip was bleeding. I
had seen that before. It mostly happened when you had pain harder than your
limits. I dropped the belt to the side, then took you into my arms and cradled
you.


"Thank you for training this slave with the belt, Ma'am," You whispered.

"Good boy," I kissed you as you cried gently on my shoulder. "Now I know you
won't let me down again."

---

You have taken my punishment well. You were shaking in my arms when I first held
you. I kissed you long and I felt your erection pressing on my thighs. I noticed
Strangely, Through out the punishment your already hard cock got more hard. I
was also aroused. You understood my point of punishment so now this was a time
for pleasure.

I held your hand and took you up to the bedroom, telling you to lie down. You
shook with pain when bed-sheets touched your tender back. Slowly I rolled you
over. I sat down beside you, taking some baby oil in my hand, gently rubbing it
over your reddened back. From shoulder to legs, I gave you a very warm massage.
I knew from your moans that you liked the magic my fingers were doing. Actually
I did it because I also liked exploring your body ... I keep it up for some time
until you feel relaxed. I stood up and told you to turn. I bring some scarves
and bind you same as in the morning. I looked at you and I see love and
affection. I smiled and change my position, I sat between your legs.

I traced my finger down your chest, with delight you squirmed at my touch. By
the time i reached your stomach, I could feel you trembling. i drug my fingers
across your groin, my nails gently scratching the skin.

"Mmmmmm," i said. i traced my fingers along your inner thighs, watching your
cock respond. "I love seeing you hard, such a beautiful sight."

you blushed deeply, looking at me, not replying. i bent down, raising my hips in
the air, pressing my head down near your crotch. I leaned down and shook my
head, my bushy black hair cascading over your cock. i laughed as i drew my head
back, my soft hair gradually tracing over your stiffened cock.

you moaned softly, arching your back as i did that again. next I laid down
beside you, my head on your chest. i started talking to you as i traced my
fingertip along the underside of your cock.

"You are such a delight, Johnny. I like seeing you nice and hard for me. you
like what I'm doing, don't you?" Waiting for your answer, i sucked on my finger,
traced my wet fingertip along the underside of your cock, stopping to swirl it
around just below the head. you let out a gasp as i touched the most sensitive
spot on your cock, resulting in a smile from me.

"Please... " you said softly.

" poor baby," I teased, "you know you belong to me..." i continued twirling my
fingertip along the head. Now i was looking up at you, watching your responses,
effects of each touch. I kissed you on your neck and continued, " you know
you'll do whatever I ask... and like it."


you responded by bucking your hips, trying to get more contact, but i simply
pulled my hand away, waiting for you to stop. I whispered, " And I know what you
need and you don't get it unless I give it to you." You took a long deep breath
and stopped all the attempts.

"Mmmmm," I moaned, I had taken my hand, licked my palm before wrapping it around
your rock-hard cock. my hand tightened around you, very slowly slipping up along
you, almost squeezing it out of my hand. The sensations shot through every inch
of you cock, causing you to buck and squirm, whimpering involuntarily.

"Pleeeeeeease " you begged.

I smiled at you, slowly shook my head No, wrapping my hand around you again,
this time holding it still, not moving it, but squeezing, slowly, but firmly.
your whimpers turned to groans, and then pleading as my hand slowly began to
move, higher and higher, grabbing tighter and tighter. you became lost in me,
seeing how much i was loving what I was doing to you.

The feeling started to build, deep inside of you, suddenly, my hand was gone. I
could feel your frustration. you tugged frantically at bonds, your cock
twitching and bouncing on the verge of cumming. Just the smallest sensation was
all you needed.

you looked at me, eyes wide. "Please, please, MJ."

I dint reply your pleas. i stay back down between your legs and leaned forward.
you felt a rush of hot, moist air. you looked down and saw my mouth open to suck
your cock, but my lips not touching. your cock was just surrounded in my hot
breath. As you moaned, I pulled away.

"You are *sooooo* responsive," i said, smiling in approval. "I like you this
way. Now its time for my turn."

I raised my self and squatted down on your face. You eagerly started licking my
juices. I bent forward and loose your bindings. You wrapped your arms around me,
hugging my wet crotch to your face.

As your tongue licked and sucked, i began to lose my resolve. my head was
spinning, and my legs felt like jelly. If you let go of me, i was sure i would
just collapse on your face. Waves of pleasure washed over me as you worked your
hot mouth at my slit. you began to stroke between my cheeks. my breath
quickened, and you increased your strong grip to compensate for my now buckling
knees.

I arched my back, desperately grabbing my breasts, to quicken the release and
end the agonizing pleasure. i was thrashing now, and you had to use all you
strength to hold onto me as i built higher and higher. you sucked and bit gently
but firmly at my clit and i screamed out in pleasure as i came, now totally
supported by your arms.

Breathing heavily, i slipped down and rested my head on your chest. I licked my
dry lips, shaking a little as the last of my orgasm coursed through me. you
gazed at me adoringly. I opened my eyes and looked at you. You saw satisfaction
in my eyes that made you remind of your need. you closed your eyes unable to
look into mine. I smiled and worked on to complete your due pleasure.

Once again I started caressing your chest. Electric like waves of passion ran
through you as I continued to kiss and lick your body, putting you in ecstasy.
Finally, i got to your now rock-hard penis, and slowly begin to kiss around it,
showering your stomach and inner thighs with little butterfly kisses. you were
so excited by my touch that in spite of your free-unbound-hands, you just laid
still, at my mercy. i then kissed your balls and roll my soft tongue around
them, and you almost cum then, driven into a frenzy by my soft tongue and wet
lips, but you managed to stop just short.

After that i took your balls in my mouth, continuing to snake my tongue around
the sensitive skin of you scrotum. i began to suck softly, as you began to moan
in passion from my loving touch. While i gently suck on your balls, i reached up
and begin to caress your throbbing penis. i ran my hands up and down your shaft,
giving extra care to the sensitive skin underneath, rolling the skin underneath
my finger and thumb. You began to moan louder, trying your hardest to not cum.

Once again you started begging, " please, MJ..."

you were so aroused that you almost did not even notice when i took your balls
out of my mouth and switch positions, massaging your balls with one hand while
kissing and licking your shaft with my lips and tongue. you only knew that it
felt good beyond anything that you could imagine. i guided my mouth to your
head, where i licked off the sizable amount of pre-cum that had gathered there,
and took your head in my mouth, my active tongue darting all around it. i slide
my lips down the shaft, making sure you feel my soft, wet mouth as every inch of
your cock enters it.

You were shaking and moaning, unable to hold your self. You whispered some words
that I knew I would hear soon, " please MJ, let me cum.." I let your cock slip
out of my mouth and told you, " calm down, dear. I'm not done yet."

After several minutes, You softened a little and again my tongue darted around
your shaft, circling it and rubbing it up and down as I again continued to
slowly go down on your cock. you begin to moan louder, coming ever so close to
cumming in my mouth as i continued to suck around every inch of *my* cock.

Just then i reached the base of your cock, continuing to swirl my tongue around
your hard, throbbing shaft. I began stroking up and down around your cock,
making soft sucking sounds as your shaft enters and exits my mouth. you had to
grit your teeth to keep from cumming.

After two-three stroke, I looked at your pleading face and decided that this Is
the time. With out touching your cock i began to massage your balls harder,
ultimately squeezing them between my fingers, saying this words, " CUM, Now."
you let go, and began to orgasm hardly. Spurt after spurt, you shot your hot
semen on my naked body. you gasped and moaned in orgasm, as your entire body
tensed, focused on the incredible feeling of pleasure in your loins. Finally,
when your orgasm subsided, you lay back down, relaxed beyond your wildest
fantasies. You looked up at me. My body was a mess, with cum covering me. Taking
one hand, i wiped the traces of cum from your cock , lick it off of my finger,
and looked at you and with a smile on my face I said, " That was delicious..."

---




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dream_of_dark


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





