BDSM Library - The latin Mistress




The latin Mistress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Miranda takes over the life of a CEO.
The Latin mistress.
By the outsider.
Miranda, a Spanish woman at the age of 25 trains Elizabeth, an English-Saxon 22
year old woman to become her slave and begin to take over her life.

Note: all the characters in this story her imagined, any connection between
reality and the story is totally by a coincidence.




Epilogue.

Miranda stood there in the front of her bedroom, in the middle of the room was
her cum covered lesbian sex-slave 'puta' kneeling and crying while they looked
how her (Puta's) sister is holding on at the bondage whorehouse that Miranda
sent her to.

Miranda just loved to see her dolly crying and just to think that she used to be
a poor maid and now after the help of her attorney, Gerri Phillips, she was able
to take over the property of that bitch after 'Puta' was declared insane and she
(Miranda) became her legal guardian and by doing so she took control over
everything.

Only two years ago 'puta' had a carear and a life of her own while now she was a
nobody.

Part 1 - Elizabeth is caught and changed.

Miranda used to be a very poor orphan who had to work from the age of three
until she was at the age of twenty in all sorts of jobs until she met nick who
looked like a very nice guy but after a while he began to smack her while she
began to plan her revenge and the first thing on her list was to get a personal
bitch to torture and use and she found the perfect girl, that girl's name was:
Elizabeth-Smith who was a very successful businesswoman who built and empire
from nothing.

Elizabeth was a petite brunette with a 35-BB cup who used to wear business
suits, normal pantyhose, normal panties and bras, her face were lovely and she
used to have a rich boyfriend named: Tom who was a rich as her.

Poor Elizabeth's troubles began one day when she got a video tape of her sister
being gang-banged and it came with a note which said:

'Puta,

Come to the main square at: 06:00 tomorrow and look for a van, when you'll see
it then move your ass in there and do as you are told by the woman, if you won't
then your sister will be in troubles.

PS.
Don't call the police!'

Then when she finished reading it she began to sob, that night she didn't had a
good night sleep and when the hour finely came she arrived to the square where
the van waited for her as promised and then without any hesitations she went to
the, then when she opened the door she was grabbed by two guys who began to
strip her after they closed the door.

Once they finished the two began sent her to the dream land and left her lying
there on the floor naked.

24 hours later Elizabeth woke up and found that she was naked.

Then a door opened and she saw Miranda entering and then as she stood infront of
her then Elizabeth saw that this woman was dressed in a long latex pants with a
skirt attached to it, a latex shirt and a 5" leather boots as she heard the
woman telling her: "Welcome to Spain senorita, from now on you will only answer
to the name: Puta which means a whore in Spanish, my dear you will be trained to
be a good little slave and then you will slowly be crushed."

"You bitch, I will never work for you and my name is: Elizabeth smith, not Puta. 
I'm not a whore and now where is my sister?" Elizabeth shouted.

"In a whorehouse in Mexico, Puta. She will be free in a year but you on the
other hand were chosen, Puta." Miranda informed her.

"For the last time my name is Elizabeth and I was chosen for what you slut?" the
young girl screamed.

"Puta, you would be my slave." Miranda informed the younger woman.

"Never, I'm at the age of 22 and there is no way that I'll become your slave."
Elizabeth informed Miranda who just smiled as she listened to the bitch and knew
that now it is her chance as she said: "How about a bet, Puta?"

"What you had in mine?" Elizabeth said after she calmed down a bit.

"If I will win then I will own you and everything that you own." Miranda
answered.

"And what if I win?" Elizabeth asked.

"Then I will let you go after I will tell you where your sister is kept, deal?"
Miranda asked.

"Yes I accept..." Elizabeth said and before she knew it Miranda began to punch
and kick her and then before Elizabeth knew it she found herself lying on her
back, then as Elizabeth began to moan Miranda tied her hands with a pair of
handcuffs behind her back as she asked the moaning toy: "now, what's your name?"

"Puta." Elizabeth answered.

"Puta, what?" Miranda asked.

"Puta, mistress." Elizabeth answered.

"No Puta, repeat after me: 'my name is Puta mistress.' say it!" Miranda ordered.

"My name is Puta mistress." Puta\Elizabeth answered.

"Now beg me to put this collar on you!" Miranda ordered and 'puta' immediately
said: "Please mistress, put this collar on my neck." And then as she requested
Miranda put a collar on her neck which said according to the law:

'Name: Puta.
Mistress: Miranda.
Number: 98760'

* * * * * * * *
For the next 10 years Puta was trained by her mistress and now the former
businesswoman became an expert in what her mistress taught her, for example:
whenever the mistress had company then she was the entertainment as the poor
woman was forced to strip and to service the mistress and her friends.

Whenever Miranda got out of the house the puta had to clean everything until it
was spotless and at nights Miranda forced Puta to pleasure her.

Accept for that Puta's entire body was changed: she was now a Blonde bimbo, from
all the trainings that she had then Puta's ass looked like an apple (and from
the spanking that she got it was also soft), her waist were smaller while her
tits grew to a full GG and finely her body was tend.

Puta's entire wardrobe was changed as it became sluttier along with her makeup.

Puta's torment went on until one day they moved to Empire city where Miranda got
control over Puta's former Empire with the help of her friend and attorney:
Gerri Phillips who was able to get the company.

The end of Chapter 1.




Part 2 - the take over.

Once Miranda got control over Puta's life in the eyes of the law it was time to
change Puta's look so that it will match her new body so the first thing that
puta did was to pledge her aligned to her mistress as she was taught: "I Puta,
the bitch formerly known as... (sob) Elizabeth... (sniff) smith (sniffle)
pledging my aligned to my mistress, Miranda and I promise to be the loyal bitch
that my mistress wants me to be. I used to be a corporate whore but now I'm
happy to be the toilet..." the pledge went for an entire hour in which puta
praised her mistress while she declared how happy she was to be used by her
mistress or to degrade herself while as always her mistress put it on tape.

Over the last few months puta was changed from head to toe as the former thin
and young brunette with the small tits, high IQ was now a blond with huge tits
(after her hair was bleached until it became a platinum-blond) and lots of tan
and as her mistress trained her she was dumb as a rock in public while alone
with her mistress she was allowed to think but most of the time she had to focus
on her mistress and doing her whims or servicing her while she kept in mind the
movies that her mistress forced her to make as she slowly lost her freedom.

Puta also gained some weight as her entire body got bigger and her former cute
little ass got bigger and that meant that she was pierced in her: tits, pussy,
clit, bellybutton, nose and even her tongue with 3 Golden rings at the top and a
silver stud and to make (all the rings on her body were permanent, the only
thing that could be taken out was the stud) sure that she will remain quiet then
Miranda forced her to have a permanent bridge over her teeth and now the only
thing that came into her mouth was Miranda's strap on Dildo which Miranda used
to fuck Puta's face or to humiliate her by just letting her lick it until it was
covered with her slobber before and after she fucked her ass.

Today after playing with her dolls (the former Electra-woman and Dyna-girl) at
05:00 Miranda went to her room where there was the "dog-house" as she called
(this "dog house" was a cage in the shape of a dog house and it had two doors)
then when she got there she opened the door and for the next hour puta pledge
her aligned to her mistress.

Then after an hour Miranda fucked puta's ass for an entire hour until it was
08:00 and then Miranda sent her naked slave to cook her lunch while she put
puta's cloths on the bad, then she looked at puta's new outfit and began to
match earrings, makeup and shoes before she went to change her cloths from her
PJ to a business-suit.

When Miranda finished she went to the kitchen where she found puta crying and
sobbing on the floor next to the kitchen table, then as she was next to her then
puta immediately began to lick her shoes as Miranda informed her: "okay puta, my
little pigeon it is time for you to go upstairs and put your cloths on." Then
without any word Puta got up and went upstairs and she didn't return until she
finished at 08:00 and her mistress was very please.

Puta was now dressed in: 7" Blue plastic pumps, a pink fishnet stockings, red
garter belt, orange Cross Back Crop with a very low cut in the back, Criscross
spaghetti straps (which was so tight that her large nipple rings) a white skirt
with a slit on each side and that was short that 5 of her 12 pussy rings were
shown and in the back anyone who looked close enough could see the 24" Dildo
that Miranda forced her to put in it, on her neck she had the now famous black
collar with the dog-tag that Miranda forced her to wear whenever they went out
of the house.

Her once beautiful face was covered with a heavy lair of white powder, her lips
had a bright red lipstick (which now after the silicone implant that her
mistress forced her to have maid her look as if she had a permanent pot) and on
her cheeks she had a pink, rosy powder which maid her look like a doll.

Then as Puta came closer to her mistress she saw that Miranda was pleased that
she is swaying her ass like a street walker and she knew that Miranda will once
again will make her the laughing stock of the company (even though no one found
it amusing to see the former boss so humiliated) but then she remembered that a
big client will arrive today so she won't remain in her outfit and that her
mistress will force her to wear something that will be less conservative then
what she wore now.

Then once Miranda was ready she took her slave out of the house, closed her door
and then the two got into a limousine and on the way to the office Puta serviced
and pleasured her mistress after Miranda made two pigtails from her hair.

Meanwhile at Washington DC: Puta's younger sister Diana S. Jordan had a meeting
with Puta's ex fiancee, John, who was Puta about to get merry a day after she
was kidnapped and then a year later he met with Diana and told him that
Elizabeth was in a lot of troubles after she told him what she knew and begged
that he will try to help her, from that moment he looked for her but he never
found her until a few months ago his contact man in Spain told him that there
was a woman who was just like her profile but this woman's name was 'Puta'
probably an alias and that she was companied by another woman who dominated her
and put her through a surgery that made her: tits bigger, waist larger and ass
wider along with a few other treatments.

The guy also told John that this 'Puta' was pierced in a few places and that the
dominant woman was a Latin who bought two tickets to Empire-city and that maybe
there poor Elizabeth will be shown up there but he warned him that over the last
decade Empire city became a very dangerous place to go into since the
disappearance of the DA Ulrica Wadden, Superlass and Supergran and what happened
to the Judge Deirdre Mainwaring but it didn't matter because he just had to fine
his fiance and to save her from the hands of the woman who is holding her as a
captive.

Then John took out two pictures:

The first one showed: Elizabeth Smith as they knew her while the other showed
puta but none of them believed that these two woman were actually one and John
told Diana that he refused to pay which was a mistake because his informer
warned Miranda and a few days after the call he vanished from the face of the
earth.

At the end of the conversation he informed Diana that in a month and 2 weeks he
will go to check a clue which was connected to a place in Empire city which was
ran by the notorious and evil: Morganna Morgul, Leticia Luthor, Wendy Luthor and
their Lawyer: Gerri Phillips, who was known as a clever attorney and one of the
reasons was that whenever a legal problem crossed the path of one of these women
or her biggest clients: Granny, Dopey, Shyster Dame and a Latin woman who just
answered to the profile then Gerri always knew how to take the law and use it
for their help.

Then when Diana asked why is he waiting for he told her that he needs some
information and then before he went to get everything ready for the trip they
kissed for good luck not knowing what he will fine or in the clinic or what
happened to his beloved fiance who was now on her knees, servicing her mistress
on the way for the office.

Meanwhile in Empire-city Miranda and puta arrived to the office building which
the HQ of Puta's former company was at: 09:00 and Miranda took puta into her
(Miranda's office who used to be Puta's when she was free.) office and then
after she hang the last normal panties that puta wore as a free woman she closed
the door while her slave stripped.

Then Miranda got to her closet after she was naked and put her strap on Dildo on
as she order her slave with a shout: "BEG FOR IT!" and puta immediately began to
beg like a puppy until her mistress told her to get to her knees and lean
against her former desk, once puta did her mistress's beading she felt the huge
thing in her as she began to scream from both the pain and the pleasure and then
came the usual talk:

"What is your name?" Miranda asked with a grin.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhrgg... m-my... nggh... mff... n-name... Ahhhh... (sob)
iiiiiiiiiiii-is... hooooooooooo... P... (sniffle) mmm... Pu...
oooooooooooooooooh... Puta... mmmmmmm... please... (sob) USE MMMMEEEEEEEE...
ho... ho... hooo... nff... I-I-I-I-I... ho... love... ngf... mmm...
y-y-yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyou... p-p-p...
haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa... D-don't ssssssssssssss-stop..." Puta
screamed as her mistress began to use her.

Then Miranda ordered her slave to squeal like the pig that she is and Puta
began: "squeeeeee... squeee... squeeee..." and so for the next ten minutes
Miranda fucked puta and no matter how she (puta) screamed no one heard her, then
at 09:10 puta had to pleasure her mistress for 50 minutes before she went to the
shower in her office.

Once Puta finished to shower she fixed her hair and makeup just like her
mistress wanted and then she returned to the office then her mistress gave her
one of the "Formal" outfit which was Includes a bra that her GG tits seemed to
spill because it's size was a full G, a pair of Vinyl PVC g-string and along
with her makeup and hair made her look so sexy.

Then Miranda sent Puta to her desk (which was now the desk of Miranda's
secretary which was placed next to Miranda's office) so that she will earn the
cent that Miranda paid her with but not before she told Puta to inform her when
her (Miranda's) ex-husband, Nick, to let her know and that she must to enter
with him and that when Nick will be with her then puta had to go and to service
ALL the women and man in the stock room.

For the next 12 hours Puta worked her ass of as in the new firm she was the
office-girl\Janitor\Miranda's secretary and she had to do chores like: getting
the mail, delivering it, answering the phones, making meetings for her mistress
while keeping the schedule, doing Miranda's errands, servicing her mistress,
gang-banged by groups who paid for her, licking women and doing all sorts of
humiliating jobs such as this.

Then when the day Miranda Nick showed up and before he was able to do something
then Miranda and Puta jumped on him and began to kick and punch him until he
became unconscious.

* * * * * * * *
Once Nick woke 24 hours later he found himself in a cage with a note which said:

'Dear scum,

I hope that you and Puta's ex-Fiance will be happy with step and dear mommy who
promised me that you will pay for all the suffering that you cost me, her only
daughter, and you can to be sure that this is what will happen.

	Signed: Miranda.

PS.

I will remain with my toy, please inform her ex that I will keep her happy even
if she will have to fake it but then again SHE IS MINE.

And that was the last time that Nick and John were heard from.

The end of chapter 2.




Part 3 - End of the game.

Miranda and Puta just returned home from the gym where in the last 5 hours Puta
went through the training that her mistress gave her so that she will remain in
shape even though Puta was forced to deal with two things which made those
training a pure torture: the first problem was that Puta's body was now bigger
then what it was before and that now it also had a full HH tits to support while
in the past she only had a 35-BB and the other thing was the fact that her
mistress took her to a gym where the entire clients were neither a slaves or
mistresses (there was no men) and that was how Miranda was able to whip or shock
her whenever she slowed down.

Over the last year since Puta last saw her former fiance and since that time she
lost lots of pounds until she got the perfect shape and as always she knew that
now when her tits her fool then it is only a matter of time before Miranda will
use Puta to breast feeding the daughters of her younger sisters: Inez and Maria
while they will make fun of that cow.

At the door to the house Puta stripped until she only wore her sneakers and sox
as she felt her mistress attaching the leash to her collar, then puta got on all
four and followed her mistress to the living room where she saw that she was
right as she was led to the couch and got Inez's baby, Nadia, and Maria's baby,
Miranda JR. who like her mistress loved the feel of touching Puta's tits and she
especially liked to pool Puta's long her and to hear puta screamed while Nadia
just wanted to get milk.

It was obvious who loved who and why.

* * * * * * * * *
Meanwhile in Spain Lucia, Puta's former fiance, just finished to clean the
floors and was about to take down the laundry.

The former man was now completely changed after he went through lots of
surgeries which turned him into a woman and then he was put through a training
which taught him how to be a woman and a good housewife.

The only connection that he had with Puta was the pictures and videos which
showed him what Puta's life were like under the control of Miranda and he began
to work on a plan to save his fiancee from her fate and to get even with the
evil Miranda but he had one problem: he was in Spain while Miranda and Liz were
in the states.

When Lucia got to the ropes she saw something moves in the bushes and when she
got closer saw to them she saw Diana and he was shock.

"What her you doing here?" Lucia asked.

"Where is my sister?" Diana asked him.

"Well she is at New-York." Lucia answered.

"What?"  Diana asked.

"Let me tell you what happened..." Lucia suggested.

"Not now, do you sleep in a cage?" Diana asked.

"No, I'm sleeping in my mistresses bad... I'm her doll and slave." Lucia
answered.

"Okay, when she will go toy sleep I will meet you here." Diana asked.

"How?" Lucia asked.

"I need that you will get everything that you got about Liz..." Diana began to
say as she was interrupted by Lucia who asked: "How do you know that?"

"That bitch who hold her sent me copies and a few things that you never saw
before and that was how I found you... now before you'll get everything then get
dress and meet me here, by the way: when your mistress goes to sleep?" Diana
answered.

"23:00" was all Lucia said.

"Meet me here at midnight and we will go to save Elizabeth from that awful
woman, I've to go now... and remember: get everything." Diana said as she
vanished in the bushes and Lucia returned to the house with the laundry and was
punished because it took her 25 minutes and an expert maid like her should be
quicker but it was okay because Lucia was on her way to save Puta.

* * * * * * * * *
Once the breast-feeding was over, Inez and Maria went home while Miranda began
to spank Puta's ass just for fun and now Puta was about to finish her 100
counts:

SMACK (ninety one.)
SMACK (Ninety Two.)
SMACK (Ninety Three.)
SMACK (Ninety Four.)
SMACK (Ninety Five.)
SMACK (Ninety Six.)
SMACK (Ninety Seven.)
SMACK (Ninety eight)
SMACK (Ninety Nine)
SMACK (One Hundred.)

Then as Puta began to cry Miranda began to softly calm her down: "It's okay to
cry puta, I know that you don't like to be spanked and that you are very
humiliated when you her forced to breast-feed Puta... but that will be the only
connection that you will have with little children after all puta: Dolls like
you don't want children, Puta... am I right?"

"Yes mistress... (sob) you are right... (sniffle) slaves like me don't need
children..." Puta agreed as she still cried.

"Puta, you need me... you're life are mine to control them, Puta... you are no
longer capable to make any decisions without me Puta... you love me puta... you
love everything about me and you want me to control you and your body puta
because you are no longer has any feeling for men Puta... you love it when I
take the time to humiliate you... you love being humiliated by me... you love to
be spanked by me, Puta... you need me in your life, right Puta?" Miranda began
the process of Puta's brainwashing and she knew that by now even if Puta will
say otherwise then she is under Miranda's psychological control and that now
she'll do anything that are mistress will tell her to, then when she finished
Miranda told Puta to lick her pussy and she did it and from some reason
Miranda's pussy was the only thing that Puta could focus on.

When she finished four hours later then Miranda took Puta to shower with her
before they went to Puta's former bad who was now owned by Miranda and as always
Puta licked Miranda's Pussy until they fell asleep as Puta began to try to
understand why she can't resist Miranda's will anymore.

* * * * * * * * *
Meanwhile in Spain Lucia licked her mistress's pussy who just finished to shower
and to throw Lucinda (Miranda's ex husband) to the cage and she was relaxed as
she knew that tonight will be the last night in which she will do that and that
she is on the way to re-unite with Puta.

Finely after the mistress fell asleep Lucia did what Diana told her and when she
got to the bush she saw Diana and a woman that she didn't recognized even though
she seemed to be one of Puta's family and then she recognized that woman: it was
Linda, Puta's middle sister who always told Puta that something bed will happen
to her if she will merry John and from some reason she held him has the sole
responsible for Puta's enslavement.

Then they led him to their car and drove away from there, for an entire hour no
one talked until Lucia asked: "Where are we going?"

"Madrid, we will catch the plane for ORD and from there we will catch the plane
for JFK that way it will be more difficult for Miranda to find us." Diana said.

"Why are you here Linda? I thought that you hate me..." Lucia said trying to
break the ice.

"I despise you but I want the safety of my sister, by the way: do you know what
is her name now?" Linda answered.

"No, what?" Lucia asked.

"Puta, that means a whore and it is all because of you." Linda burst.

"Why me?" Lucia asked.

"You used to be the man in those relationship and you had to protect her... if
you did your job then she was free at this moment, right? BUT no you had to be
with a striper that day, you wanted to 'get loose' well now you are loose while
our sister is suffering." Linda said.

"But..." Lucia tried to explain.

"No buts or ifs, you were the man in those relations and that made you
responsible... the only reason why you are here is because we decided to use you
as a bate for Miranda: you will call her and tell her that you will go to the
police and tell them everything unless she will allow Elizabeth to go and that
she'll also reinstate her as the owner of the company, not to mention that we
want to hear that Elizabeth will be declared as a sane woman and until we will
arrive New-York then you are a mute and you will 'serve' us, clear?" Diana
informed Lucia who was shocked (after all Diana was always the nicer one) and
just nodded her head while Linda threw Lucia's fake papers in her face and told
her to learn them.

* * * * * * * * *
Meanwhile back in the house Lorena (Miranda's step mother) waited for 30 minutes
before she informed Miranda that slave Diana and slave Linda got the package and
that they are on the way home.

* * * * * * * * *
In the morning while Miranda ate her breakfast she had puta doing push-ups and
in each time that Puta got down she kissed her mistress's boots who was very
pleased with her slave's performances and now she decided that Puta will once
again use that tongue of her so all she had to do was to spread her legs and
then she said: "One!" and puta immediately pulled Miranda's panties aside and
began to lick her until Miranda told her to get dressed.

When Puta returned she was dressed in a schoolgirl uniform which included: a
sheer white shirt witch was 2 sizes smaller and she had to tie it because there
were no buttons, a plated skirt which covered half of her Pussy and less then
that in her ass, an underwear with Kitten playing on them under the funny
description: "Pussy-cat", a jacket with the new company's logo, white knee sox
and a black shoes to finish the look.

On Puta's back she had a backpack which was full with a few things that Miranda
planned to use later and then when she was ready it was time to go to work and
she had two pigtails.

* * * * * * * * *
Meanwhile Linda, Diana and Lucia arrived to Chicago and now they waited for the
flight to New-York when Linda had to make a phone call and she left Lucia along
with Diana, then when she got to the phone she dialed the number that she had
and a voice said: "Speak to me!"

"Mistress, this is Piggy." Linda said as she suddenly heard Puta screaming and
then she heard Miranda telling her: "Shove it harder puta... it's okay to have
this feeling Puta, it means that you are heaving fun, now shove the other into
your pussy and make sure that it won't fall..." then there was quite as Putita
heard  her older sister screaming and moaning.

"Mistress, are you there?" Piggy asked.

"Yes... yes Piggy I'm here, how Lucia is doing?" Miranda asked as she rubbed
Puta's bald and smooth pussy lips.

"Lucia is fine mistress, please don't hurt Puta." Piggy begged.

"We'll see, now you know what to do?" Miranda asked.

"Yes mistress." Piggy answered.

"Good... call me when you will arrive with the sleeping princess to JFK!"
Miranda ordered as she hang up the phone.

Then has they got to the plane Diana went to get a water glass for Lucia and on
the way back to their seat she put a sleeping pill in the glass and when Lucia
drank it she fell asleep.

* * * * * * * * *
24 hours later when Lucia woke up she found herself naked and tied to a chair
infront of old television and then she saw on the screen Miranda seating on a
chair, between her legs he saw his wife licking and giggling while two woman who
was dressed in the same leather outfit which included: white maid's cap, apron,
a full Red bodysuit with attached gloves and hood, a corset, 7" boots were
working on her tits and Lucia could see how they shined.

Then after a while Miranda spoke: "Lucia, first of all I want to present you to
my family... hooooooooooo...  here between my legs you can see... mmmm...
p-puta... haaaaaaaaaaaaaa... w-wh-who... ohhh... was... ahh... the... mmmmm...
fir-first sl-sla-slave..." then she paused for a moment as she told the slaves
to stop and  grabbed the heads of her leather maids and pressed them to her
tits.

Then she said: "here on the right you can see piggy or captain Linda Jorden as
she used to be known... I caught her when she tried to fine Puta after Putita
came to her, just so you'll know I caught Putita long time before I had Puta and
I sent her for a special training camp which helped her to be very convincing
when she came to you, and just so you'll know all of my slaves are now Lesbians
and as such each of them don't like men anymore, well Puta and I had a charity
ball to go to so we will meet when I'll return... and don't wait for any help
because the other slaves are now in their cage pleasuring each other."

Then Lucia saw clips of the training that Puta and her sisters were being
through and she began to cry when the tape was over.

Epilogue.

Lucia saw how Puta and her sisters were trained and used by Miranda and her
sisters in movies, pictures and in the reality.

Then after 6 months of training Lucia was sent to Empire-city to Morganna's
clinic and from there she was sent to Wendy's friend, Kara who gave Lucia to her
mother as a slave and that was the last time that Lucia saw the sisters.

The end of the story.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Outsider


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





