BDSM Library - A Slave for Tracy




A Slave for Tracy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 'A Slave for Tracy' is sequel to 'A New Life for Tracy' and carries on to describe her first year at her new school. It describes how she deals with the existence of students that are convicted criminals in her classes at school. Tracy has to learn to accept the way the criminals are treated in school.
A Slave for Tracy



     	Tracy felt content with life as she dressed for the first day at her new
school. She had been on Camelot for two weeks and thought she was settling in
quite well. She felt she had  almost accepted  the idea of the 'slave system' 
that was accepted on Camelot and also with the somewhat harsher treatment used
on the criminals of her new home planet. Now she had to learn her way around its
school system.

     Tracy went downstairs and greeted her aunts. Aunt Freda was her usual quiet
self while Aunt Elizabeth was as cheerful as ever. As she breakfasted, Tracy
watched a news-cast about a school-girl who had saved her young sister from
being raped. In doing so she had killed the would-be rapist. Tracy looked at her
Aunt Elizabeth and gestured at the screen. "What will happen there Auntie?"

     "Oh.. She will probably get off under those circumstances."

     "Good."

      It was Aunt Elizabeth who was to take Tracy to school as Aunt Freda was
expecting the usual batches of  prisoners that had been arrested over the
weekend. Helen, the crim-slave who kept house for her Aunts served Tracy her
usual excellent breakfast with a smile.

     "We will leave at 8.30 Tracy," said Aunt Elizabeth cheerfully, "Are you
ready for your new school?"

     "As ready as I'll ever be Aunt", replied Tracy.

     As they drove to the school Aunt Elizabeth remarked, "There is one thing I
perhaps should tell you to prepare yourself for, Tracy."

     "Yes Aunt?"

     "Remember Freda told us last night that a new criminal would be joining the
school later this morning. The one that was brought into the prison on Friday?"

     "Yes, Aunt. I remember."

     "Well there is a tradition that each new criminal is given six strokes of
the cane before the school on the first assembly held after she arrives. I know
there was no corporal punishment on Nexus, so this is something which you will
have to be ready for."

     "You mean she is caned even of she has committed no fault in this school?"

     "Yes. It is considered a good warning for both the crim and the school as a
whole."

     "Sounds to me as if someone is simply seeking an excuse to wield the cane,"
said Tracy doubtfully, "It can't be a very happy way for the crim to try and
start a new life, can it?"

     "True, but it is the system at the moment so be warned."

     "Yes, Aunt."

     Tracy found the first morning at her new school to be pretty similar to
those schooldays on Nexus. There was the usual curious glances from her new
classmates as they sat at their desks. The teachers were courteous enough. Only
one actually had her out in front of the class to tell the class about herself.
The subjects were much the same as what she had left.

     However Tracy had spotted what she had been warned about. Quite a few of
the pupils were wearing brown collars. There were also a few brown neck chains
and during a move between classrooms she had spotted one green chain as well. It
was not until mid-morning break that Tracy was able to talk with any student
about it. The girl she first spoke to had a girl wearing a brown collar at her
side holding her books. Tracy found out her name was Karen Jackson and her crim
slave was Doris Phelps.

     "Karen what does being Doris's 'handler' mean you have to do?"

     "It means I am to see she does her school work, arrives at each class on
time, hands in her essays on time, does not disrupt the class - things like
that."

     "And if she fails in any of these duties?"

     "I have to punish her."

     "Corporal punishment, you mean?"

     "Yes."

     "Where do you do it - the punishing I mean?"

     "Wherever necessary. In the classroom if the teacher says to. Or out here."

     "But you are the one to do it not the teacher?"

     "The teacher can do it or  she may order me to do it."

     "How do you feel about that, Doris?"

     "Well obviously I don't like being caned. But Karen isn't to bad. At least
she doesn't go round creating excuses to cane me like some teachers and other
students do to their crims."

     "Are you saying some  teachers and pupils deliberately create reasons to
cane people?" gasped Tracy.

     "Oh yes," replied Doris as Karen nodded solemnly, "Ms Granger is the worst
at that, I think. You can see when she  is frustrated and is looking for someone
to take it out on. She looks for a slave first but if there's none available she
will pick on a free student. So watch it with her."

     "I see. Err... Is there any sort of control or limit as to the number of
strokes teachers or handlers can give a slave - or any student for that matter?"

     "If there is we have never been told." replied Karen. "And by the way Doris
and the others in collars are not officially slaves, Tracy, so they're called
crims not slaves. Those with chains round their necks are slaves. Ok?"

     "Right. I'll remember that."

     "I believe there is no limit," said Doris, "But if the student starts
bleeding they usually stop." Karen nodded at this.

     "Hey there, new girl. You don't want to talk to her. She's a softy. Come
and tell us about how you wield a whip." Tracy turned round to find herself
face-to face with a tall dark haired girl with what she was sure men would call,
a 'perfectly proportioned figure' but with hard brown eyes that seemed to Tracy
to say 'what I want I get'.

     "Sorry. I don't know your name.  What did you mean about a whip?"

     "I'm Sharon Granger. I am Ms Granger's daughter," said the girl importantly
as if Tracy should recognize the name. Tracy of course didn't.

     "Sorry. I don't know the name. Guess I'll learn them all in time. You speak
as if it is a name of importance. I'm Tracy Wilson by the way.

     "I know who you are. My mother is the English Mistress here, Tracy, and the
Head is my grandmother.  Mother tells me you are living with the Philips
sisters. Vera, my crim says the word is you wield a mean whip in the prison.
Care to  tell us about it?" Tracy noticed the girl in a prison tunic standing
behind Sharon. Vera was a short stocky girl with short brown hair.  She had
tears trickling down her face, her head bowed in submission. Her hands were full
of books. Tracy noticed narrow red marks on both Vera's wrists.

     Tracy frowned. "Not much to tell. It was the first time I ever used a whip.
The crims -there were 4 of them - had ganged up on another prisoner and in the
scuffle they managed to break her leg. The Governor ordered the 4 of them to get
50 strokes with the whip after a warm-up with the paddle. Every-one else was at
lunch at the time so the Governor said I could whip one of them. They were tied
down across barrels and whipped. The Governor whipped the leader. That's all
there was to it. It was a totally new experience to me. Back on Nexus corporal
punishment is barred."

     Sharon's eyes were glowing and her mouth was agape with excitement as she
listened to Tracy's tale. "You are so lucky to be able to visit the prison like
that. How often do you go? I wish I could go I would give those crims a real
flogging. Make them howl I would." The students with Sharon nodded eagerly and
seemed to Tracy that they admired Sharon just for saying that.

     "You may not like it if you saw how they treat the prisoners that
misbehave," said Tracy cautiously. "The punishment yard is not a nice place."
Tracy glanced at Doris and Vera who both winced and looked away. Tracy noticed
there were several other girls in prison tunics and brown collars standing
behind the girls with Sharon. All were holding  schoolbooks and had expressions
which seemed (to Tracy) to be a mixture of fear and resignation. The hooter
sounded return to class.

     Tracy looked at her timetable and then looked round for someone to ask
directions to her next room.

     "What have you got next Tracy?"

     "English in A22."

     "We're there to. This way."

     "With Ms Granger," sighed Doris as she fell in beside Karen. Karen slipped
an arm around her and gave her a quick squeeze.

     Tracy found herself sitting across the isle from Karen and Doris. She noted
that Sharon Granger was also in this class with her crim Vera. Tracy recognized
several other girls from Sharon's group also in this class, some of whom had
crims sitting beside them. Tracy wasn't sure but thought that all the girls in
collars looked apprehensively at the door as the teacher entered. The teacher
was a tall slim woman in her mid-forties (though it is hard to judge age with
most people on Long-Life serum)  with long blond hair braided down her back. She
did not look happy.

     The lesson began and Tracy found it easy enough to follow. Trouble only
began when the teacher called for homework assignments to be handed in. One
student and one crim had failed to do the work. The teacher ordered both pupils
out before the class and demanded that the student explain why she had failed to
do her homework.

     "I've done it but forgot to bring it, M'am," came the fearful reply.

     "Grace you are always forgetting your work. Since you wont smarten yourself
up I will have to do it for you. And you Vera. Why haven't you done yours?"

     "I wasn't allowed to M'am," came the reply.

     "What do you mean 'not allowed to', girl."

     "Sharon wouldn't let me do my homework, M'am."

     "Are you suggesting my daughter would deliberately prevent you from doing
your schoolwork, girl?"

     "It's the truth, M'am."

     Tracy couldn't understand what the collared girl was doing. It was clear to
Tracy that she was trying to do something but all Tracy could see was that the
girl was getting her self into more trouble with the teacher and probably with
Sharon as well. "Is she one of those people who LIKE to be punished? Does she
ENJOY pain?"

     "Get yourself out here now Vera. MOVE girl," snapped Ms. Granger, "You to,
Grace. MOVE both of you."

     Tracy watched as both girls came to the front of the room. She noticed that
while Grace moved slowly, with an expression of terror on her face, Vera was
moving at a normal pace and seemed quite calm about what was to happen -or was
she simply resigned?

     "You first Grace. Assume the position, girl."

     "Please Miss, No... no.... please." the girl sobbed.

     "ASSUME THE POSITION, GIRL".

     Grace went to the front edge of the teachers table and stretched herself
along the table, clasping the back edges of the table tightly. Tracy watched,
fascinated as Ms Granger flipped up Grace's dress exposing her white panties
which she proceeded to pull down, exposing the two soft white hemispheres of her
bottom.

     "No Miss Please not on the bare PLEASEEEE." wailed Grace. This was ignored
and the panties were slid down to the quivering knees. Grace's bare butt were
now facing the class -an added humiliation Tracy realised she would not like
either.

     Ms Granger went to her bag and drew out a paddle similar to the one Tracy
had used on the prisoner - was it really a little over a week a go? She returned
to the front of the table and slapped the paddle against her left hand.

     "Four strokes this time Grace. Remember to count them. Ready?"

     "Please M'am. Nooo."

     Ms Granger raised the paddle in her right hand and brought it down quickly.
It slammed  hard into the soft quivering flesh of Grace's buttocks..

     THERWACK. "AWWW. One."

     The paddle was raised. It left a clear red mark where it had struck. The
red mark stretched over both buttocks and stood out clearly against the white of
the girls skin. Tracy was frozen in fascination The paddle was lifted high again
and brought down fast.

     THERWACK. "AWWWWW. Ttwoo."

     The paddle was raised again. The second mark half overlapped the top of the
first but was quite clear to Tracy. The paddle was again lifted high and brought
down fast a third time.

     THERWACK. "AWWWWW  Ttthreee... No more pleasssse."

     The paddle was raised again. The third stroke had struck below the first
one. Half of the blow had landed high on the girls legs. The redness now covered
from the top of the bent butt to the legs and stood out clearly. The paddle was
lifted a fourth time and brought down again.

     THERWACK  "AWWWW AWW  Fourrr," sobbed the punished girl.

     "You may get up Grace. Move over to the end of the table and stand facing
the white-board. Keep your dress raised and your panties down."

     The class watched as the girl slowly raised herself of the table and
clasping her dress tightly, moved slowly to the right of the table and faced the
front wall. Her steps hampered (or hobbled) by her panties which were now at her
ankles. She stood facing the wall, showing her well-shaped  reddened bottom to
the class, her shoulders shaking as she sobbed softly.

     "Vera, assume the position,"

     Vera walked to the table and stretched herself over it, clasping the back
edge tightly and waited.

     "Vera, since you not only failed to do your school work but also trying
place the blame for your failure on another, your punishment will be 10
strokes," announced Ms. Granger who then proceeded to raise Vera's prison tunic,
exposing her black prison-issue panties which she lowered to the girl's knees.
There was a collective gasp from those students at the front who saw immediately
the  condition of Vera's bottom. This was followed by a further gasp and a soft
rustle of whispers as others caught sight of the red lines that cris-crossed the
girls buttocks. and went as low as her high thighs and disappeared higher up
onto her back. Tracy also noticed narrow red lines low down on the girls legs
and wondered what caused them.

     "So, Vera you gave your handler cause to discipline you over the holidays I
see." Vera said nothing. Ms Granger stood up and picked up the paddle. "Ready,
Vera?"

     "Yes M'am."

     The paddle was lifted high and Tracy found herself  almost mesmerised by it
as it paused before beginning its fast decent onto the already reddened bottom.

     THERWACK.  "One."  The voice Tracy noticed was almost calm. The paddle was
lifted away to show a new red mark covering the lines on the white skin. the
paddle was lifted high again.

     THERWACK.  "Two." The voice was still calm. Again the paddle rose into the
air. And fell again.

     THERWACK.  "Three." Still calm. The paddle rose again.

     And fell again. And again. Each time the voice calmly counted of the stroke
until :

     THERWACK.  "Ten."  The paddle was stilled.

     "You may get up Vera. Go stand beside Grace." Vera rose slowly, clearly
breathing heavily and clasping her tunic to keep it up moved slowly to stand
beside the other girl. The two bare bottoms, one far more reddened then the
other, faced the class.

     "I trust the rest of you have learnt this lesson well," continued Ms
Granger, "Failure to do your homework will not be tolerated here. Now class,
open your textbooks at page 45 and prepare to take these notes down on your
electro-slates."

     There was a rustle in the class as pupils who had been almost entranced
during the spankings, came back to life. The lesson continued for the rest of
the period during which the two punished girls stood at the front of the room
displaying their warnings to their fellow pupils. Tracy had been shocked at the
action of the teacher. "Is she a sadist that she treats people so cruelly? Why
is it permitted? Does the people of this planet know how children are being
treated?"

     At lunch Tracy joined Karen and Doris and asked them what they thought of
the scene they had witnessed with Ms Granger. "Why did Vera act as she did?"
Tracy asked them.

     It was Doris who answered. "Basically to get it over with," she replied,
"Prisoners who have accepted their situation and 'bowed to the inevitable' know
that there is nothing they can do to prevent it so they accept it and are able
to survive it better than those who continue to resist. If you keep resisting,
you keep struggling until you snap and then you are gone. You are broken. You
end up a total submissive, craving the touch of your owner. A total slave. By
acting as she does Vera is hoping to ride out her sentence without to much
damage mentally. It doesn't always work but she has no other choice if she is to
survive the likes of the Grangers."

     "I take it you are not in the same situation? You don't have to follow the
same idea?"

     "No. I've been lucky. Karen is not like the Grangers," Doris glanced at
Karen who reached over and squeezed her hand. There was a brief silence at the
table.

     "Err.... Tell me Doris. In your opinion are the majority of the prisoners
likely to end up with a Granger person or a person similar to Karen here?  I
mean are the prisoners well treated on average or badly treated - especially
when they are leased out?"

     Doris frowned thoughtfully. "I don't think I can really answer that one
Tracy. I see what you are getting at but the people to ask are those crims that
have been leased out and then returned to the prison - especially those who have
had more than one lease-out. I've been lucky you see, I was given to Karen when
I came to the school and well.." Doris flushed and glanced quickly at Karen then
back to Tracy who smiled and nodded, "Anyway since I only ever had one handler
and she always treated me almost as a sister, I can't really give you an answer.
I suggest you ask some of the prisoners who have been leased out several times."

     "Thanks, Doris, I'll keep that in mind."

     "Hey Tracy. What did you think of that business in the class just now?"
Wasn't my mother just great? Giving that pair what they deserve, Hey?" Sharon
Granger joined them at their table. Tracy cursed under her breath. She had hoped
to ask more questions of Doris.

     "I don't know, Sharon this is all so new to me. Where I come from it wasn't
allowed so I 'm having to get used to a whole new way of thinking." Tracy
glanced at Vera who was standing behind Sharon. Her face had a stoic expression
but Tracy noticed the lines of tension and her eyes were full of misery as they
stared out vacantly at the scene before her.

     "Tell me, Sharon how much longer has Vera got to serve?"

     "She will complete her sentence next month. Why?"

     "Then  I suppose you have to begun to prepare her for her return to society
as a useful citizen haven't you? Or am I getting the wrong idea with this system
of punishment? Isn't it the idea that the crim is supposed to be helped in their
preparation for return to society by their handler?"

     Sharon stared at Tracy in astonishment, "What on earth gave you that idea?
They are crims and always will be, my mother says. She says they shouldn't be
released. They should be sold of for life, all of them."

     "Sounds pretty harsh to me. You don't believe that a person who makes a
mistake and has paid the penalty for it should then be allowed to try to be a
useful citizen?"

     "Naah. Once they are convicted they should be collared for life I think.
Just as you have a crim trained to your satisfaction you have to return her to
the prison for release, that's the problem!"

     " That's harsh, surely? Surely the answer to your problem is to get a
voluntary slave and train her. You can have one of those for years I
understand."

     "True but they cost so much. The bond on a life-slave is 'round 10,000
credits. Mother says a crim is cheaper and can be almost as good even if you
have to give them up eventually.  But I find it frustrating that you have to
give them up just as they start to improve."

     "How long have you had Vera?"

     "I've had her for six months.  She was given seven months for stealing from
several  shops including ours. You do know of the Granger chain of stores don't
you?"

     "Yes." Tracy had learnt of the Granger retail empire was the largest chain
of stores on the planet.

     "Well, she was caught on security cameras stealing from one of our shops.
She was also recognized as the thief who had been stealing from other shops also
which was why she got 7 months for a first offence. She has become a reasonable
slave I suppose but she will probably be back in the collar soon enough. She is
that type I recon."

     Tracy looked at Vera. "What do you think of all this, Vera?"

     "Why should we care what she thinks," snapped Sharon, "Crims are crims and
always will be, mother says. Why should we worry what she thinks on the matter?"

     "Surely they have a right to be heard?"

     "Your soft, Wilson. I was wrong about you. You are a softie after all."
Sharon walked off.  After sending a sharp glance at Tracy, Vera followed as did
her other followers, leaving Tracy with Karen and Doris.

     Tracy looked after Sharon then turned to Karen and Doris and said, "If
believing in giving people a new chance in life means being soft then maybe I
am. My parents believed that once a prisoner had paid the penalty demanded by
society they should be allowed to try again at life. What do you think?"

     Karen grinned, "I think you are now a member of the softies club, Tracy.
Welcome aboard." The hooter sounded three times. "That means assembly. If there
was a new crim brought into the school this morning  Tracy, she will be given
her canning now."

     "Canned now....Oh. Right." As she followed her new friends onto the
assembly area where they lined up with their class, Tracy recalled her Aunt's
warning. Shortly the headmistress Ms Preston appeared leading a group which
included Ms Granger and, to Tracy's surprise Janet Harkins in her black prison
tunic. Beside Janet was a student Tracy had not met who carried a paddle in one
hand. Tracy realised Ms Granger was carrying a cane. At the end of the
procession was two more students carrying some sort of device Tracy could not
immediately identify.

     "My God. Its Janet Harkins. The one who's leg was broken in the prison
brawl two weeks ago," whispered Tracy to Karen. Karen stared at her in surprise
but before she could reply the assembly was called to order.

     The headmistress greeted the students and gave out several announcements.
She then continued, "And finally we have another crim who has come to join our
ranks. Janet Harkins was sentenced to six months imprisonment for several cases
of shoplifting. She will learn  that such actions are not tolerated here. Her
handler will be Susan Frazer. Carry on Ms Granger."

     "Thankyou, Headmistress. Move it, you two. Se up the punishment stand
here."

     The two students were busy assembling a frame, Tracy saw. I seemed to
consist of four legs with a wide padded and curved cross-bar. Harkins was
dragged to the frame and bent over it, her wrists locked onto the legs. Ms
Granger then flicked up the girls tunic and pulled down her prison-issue
panties. The girl was now bent over the frame with her white bottom facing the
assembled students. Ms Granger moved into position close to the secured girl.
The headmistress announced into the microphone, "Six strokes. Begin."

     Ms Granger raised her cane, her eyes gleaming. The cane fell with force on
the offered buttocks.

     THERWACK.  "ONE," shouted the assembled students. The shout from the
students drowning any comment from the punished girl. The cane was raised again.

     THERWACK.  "TWO," called the school. Tracy heard Karen call out the number
with the rest.

     THERWACK.   "THREE," Tracy noted Dioris was calling the stroke too. Ms
Granger now stepped aside and gestured to Susan Frazer who now took her place
and raised her paddle.

     THERWACK  "FOUR" Tracy saw Sharon Granger was even beating her fist into
her other hand in time with the stroke, her eyes shining with excitement. Susan
Frazer raised her paddle again.

     THERWACK   "FIVE," screamed the pupils. Tracy realised she was feeling the
excitement of the moment also. The paddle was raised for the last stroke.

     THERWACK   "SIX," they howled. The paddle was stilled.

     Tracy watched all this in stunned astonishment.

     Ms Preston stepped up to the microphone again. "This is what happens to
crims here. Janet Harkins will I trust remember this and be guided by it. You
will now go to your classes. Dismissed."

     Tracy saw the two students who had erected the frame now releasing the
sobbing girl and then beginning the dismantling of the frame. The Susan Frazer
put down her paddle and helped Janet pull up her panties. She then collected her
paddle, took the sobbing girl by the arm and began to guide her of the podium.
Tracy joined Karen and Doris as they moved to the locker room.

     "Is that a normal occurrence here, Karen?"

     "Yes. They do it to every new crim that comes here." Her voice was grim.

     "Then when Doris arrived..."

     "I had to give her three strokes. Yes." Karen's face was troubled.

     "It's all right." Doris's hand was on Karen's arm.

     For the rest of the afternoon Tracy struggled to concentrate on the lessons
as she tried to push the scene she had witnessed to the back of her mind.

     When she got home she found Helen was in the midst of making the evening
meal. Tracy greeted her then went to her room sat down on her bed and stared
into space as she replayed the scene of the flogging she had witnessed. She
tried to equate it with the whipping she had participated in two weeks ago but
couldn't. The whipping  had been deserved her memory told her. This canning
simply to make an example of the crim seemed wrong to Tracy. But she knew she
could do nothing about it. She would have to accept it. Then another thought.
What if she herself was appointed a handler. Could she cane a girl who had
committed no actual crime at the school? Were these thoughts a sign that she was
soft as Sharon claimed? "Different worlds produce different people with
different ideas and beliefs. Should I just accept the beliefs of this world?
Everybody else seems to accept them. But some of them seem to harsh. Obviously I
could cane a girl. I've already whipped one. But she deserved it. I'll just have
to play it by ear I guess."

    

     Over the next two months Tracy found herself accepting her new school and
her new home. By talking with other students she came to realise most of them
accepted the rules she saw as harsh to be normal as they had grown up with them.
She was surprised to learn that a majority of the crims at the school seemed to
accept their treatment as reasonable although those who were treated harshly
were always hoping for a better deal.  She learnt that handlers had a lot of
authority over their crims who had to obey them totally or face punishment. She
noted that there were two 'schools of thought' amongst the students when it came
to the subject of the disciplining of crims. One group led by Sharon Granger was
for constant use of chains and the paddle. their crims were usually red-eyed and
teary and constantly in chains. The other group were, Tracy thought, made up of
those students who were more independent in their thinking. They would start out
with firmness for the first week as the crim settled in then gradually ease of.
Tracy thought this method was both easier on the handler and the crim and also
(Tracy thought) more likely to aid in readying the crim for restoration to
freedom later.

     Tracy also learnt that the handler could if they wished (and prison
authorities agreed) have their crim stay over at their home at weekends (from
Friday evening, returned Sunday evening) and holidays. But during the week the
crims had to stay in the prison and be brought to school in the prison bus. The
crims were hand-cuffed while on the bus and Tracy noted that those whose
handlers were part of Sharon Grangers group were often in some form of restraint
during break and lunch periods at school. These restraints were owned by the
students and were many and varied in how they were worn and what they actually
restrained. Some handlers would demand silence of their crim in lunch break and
if the crim spoke the handler would produce a gag and fit it. These gags were
locked in position and the crim could not remove them without the key.

     Tracy was into her third month in the school when she was called up to the
headmistresses office and old she had been selected to 'handle' a new crim. She
was given a synopsis of the crim's history and told the crim would be starting
at the school on the next Monday. On reading the synopsis Tracy learnt her
crim's name was Alice Watkins and she had been sentenced to two months
imprisonment for shoplifting and being an accessory in an armed robbery in which
a woman had been shot. When she told her aunts the news she was surprised at the
difference in their attitudes. Aunt Elizabeth was pleased that Tracy had been
accepted as a responsible student while Aunt Freda frowned as she looked at the
synopsis.

     "They have given you her have they Tracy," she said thoughtfully, "You had
better watch her carefully. She has already made an attempt to escape and
received 8 strokes for it and two weeks in solitary. That is why she has been in
the gaol a month without being sent to school. She claims she was innocent
although she was found with stolen goods in her room at her home as well as
being caught on store security scanners. I'll give you a portable tracer so you
can find her if she tries to run."

     "Was she the one who actually shot the woman, Aunt?"

     'No. But since she managed to slash the arm of one of my warders with a
piece of glass during her escape attempt, I wouldn't put it past her that she
could kill. Also the store cameras showed her shoving children out of the way in
a very rough manner. One boy was about 5 years old and she knocked him flat on
his back and gave him concussion. So be careful with her."

     "I will Aunt."

     The next Monday found Tracy joining the crowd of other student 'handlers'
at the school gate awaiting the prison bus. As the crims step off the bus the
prison officers remove the crims 'cuffs and their handler would claim them.
Tracy watched Sharon Granger collect Fiona (her new crim) and immediately
snapping cuffs on her, followed by a leash to her collar. Tracy saw that Fiona
wore a fearful expression and said nothing. After the other crims have been
collected by their handlers, there was one girl left who was introduced to
Tracy.  Tracy found Alice to be a stockily built girl with short dark hair and a
squarish face which no one would call pretty. There was a sense of determination
about her. A girl who knew what she wanted and would let nothing stop her
getting it. Her eyes were flicking back and forth, clearly noting where things
and people were and, Tracy decided, already planing an escape. Tracy produced
her handcuffs and proceeded to snap them on as the prison officer removes the
ones she had worn on the bus.

     "What's wrong," sneered Alice Watkins, "Afraid I'll run away?"

     "Something like that," replied Tracy. She snapped on the leash Aunt Freda
had recommended. "Come along. First thing for you is up to admin. to be
enrolled. This way."

     Tracy led the way up the path to the Admin. block and in to where the
school secretary sat at her desk. Enrolment was quickly done and a timetable
produced for Alice. The secretary gave Tracy a copy also. Tracy studied it, then
looked at her watch.

     "We will be in the same classes for English and Maths and History. Come.
I'll show you where to go for your classes this morning before break. We will be
in the same classes after that until lunch. This way."

     Tracy was unable to speak with Alice again until morning break where they
were joined by Karen and Doris. After introductions Tracy turned to Alice.

     "Has anyone told you what happens at assembly after lunch today, Alice?"

     "No, why?" Alice returned curtly.

     "Because you will be caned in front of the school then."

     Alice's head swung round to Tracy in shock. "Caned? What for? I haven't
done anything? I just got here."

     "I know. But it isn't for anything you have done here. It's a standard
thing for all crims when they first arrive. Six strokes on the bare in front of
the school." Tracy looked at Alice's shocked face. "Have you ever been caned,
Alice?"

     "No." Out of the corner of her eye Tracy saw Doris look sharply at Alice
then Tracy then look away.

     "I've been told corporal punishment is normal  in schools on this planet."

     "It is. But Mum and Dad didn't believe in it. They sent me to a private
school where it is not used."

     "You seem to have had everything your way. Why go into crime?"

     "I didn't intend to originally. My boy-friend talked me into it. When I
realized he was serious I tried to back out but he threatened to cut me, he and
his friends. After the first time I found I liked the excitement of it. I'd
always been a goody-goody until then. Any-way things got exciting and were going
OK until Jeff mucked up and failed to turn off the security last time."

     "You don't think what you did was wrong?"

     "Course not. Why should I. If people leave things out where they can be
taken, why not take them?"

     "We'll se if you say that after lunch. And Alice, a warning. I know you
have lied to me and I don't like being lied to. If you weren't already down for
a canning I would be canning you myself right now for lying. Is that clear?"

     "I haven't lied to you."

     "Alice, I know about your escape attempt and the caning you got as a
result. So don't lie to me again. Clear?"

     Alice's face is now red. "That's not true. I never tried to escape. Anyway
that bitch of a warder tried to rape me. She tried to stick things into me."

     "How old are you, Alice?"

     "15".

     "Then what she was doing was not illegal. You are a sentenced crim. What
happens to you in the prison is legal. I know. I had it confirmed by a judge
when I first got here. You have no right to object to being used sexually. You
lost that right when you were sentenced."  The hooters sounded. "We'll speak
more on this at lunch."

     At lunch Alice was silent at first and ate very little. Then she turned to
Doris.

     "When you arrived were you...."

     "Yes."

     "Who actually did it? Who caned you?"

     "Ms Granger and Karen."

     "Karen too?" Alice was looking sharply at Karen who looked calmly back at
her, then back to Doris.

     "But you and Karen - I thought you two are - I mean how can you be so close
to some-one who ..."

     "Caned me? Simple Alice. I accepted that I had done wrong and must pay the
penalty demanded by the society we live in. I'm not saying I like it. I don't.
What happened to me was caused partly by failure of the government to explain to
people in my position what help is available to people when it is needed. But it
was also caused by my own actions and what has happened to me since is what our
society demands in atonement. In my case I am lucky. I have found a person who
is helping me to complete this atonement." Doris placed a hand on Karen's arm.

     "You say that of a person who once caned you? You're crazy."

     "Karen has caned me more than once, Alice. She punishes me whenever I
deserve it. But I'm lucky in that she is not one of those sadists who get
pleasure out of listening to people scream and who abuse their authority like
Sharon Granger and her mother. If you look around here you'll notice there is
two groups in this school. Those that follow the Grangers -the sadists- and
those who don't. You're lucky. I don't think Tracy is one of them."

     Alice snorted. "You clearly don't know about her whipping a girl in the
prison. They say she was as vicious as the Governor with the whip and for no
reason."

     "Really? I admit I was copying the actions of the others since I didn't
know what to do myself. But I didn't think I was as good as them. As for reason
- weren't you told why those girls were punished?"

     "I was told there was no reason."

     "Doris were you in Robinvale that day?"

     "No. Karen took me home for the holidays."

     "Then would you mind telling us what you heard about that whipping when you
returned?"

     "Sure. The story as I heard it was that a group of prisoners -the leader's
name is Graham- attacked one prisoner for the fun of it. In the scuffle they
broke the girl's leg badly. The governor hauled all four over to the punishment
yard and gave them fifty strokes each which is the maximum you can get at one
time, I believe. Other prisoners seem to think they should have had more. Those
four are a bad lot. They like to hurt people. They think it's fun. They are
sadists -or at least their leader is. One interesting thing though. One of the
four is said to have broken from the group. She actually went and apologised to
the girl they hurt."

     Tracy hadn't heard this. She looked at Doris. "Do you know which girl it is
that has broken from the Graham group?"

     "Dorkins I think her name is."

      Tracy's eyebrows shot up, "Now that is interesting,"

     "Why?" asked Karen curiously, "What was special about her."

     "Only that Dorkins was the one I whipped. After 25 strokes Aunt Freda
called a break and I talked to Dorkins, asked her why she was part of the group
and why she did what she did. Her reply was she was a follower and just did what
the others did. I tried to point out that she may do better if she made her own
decisions or at least found another, better person to follow. I wonder if my
words had some effect. I haven't been back in Robinvale since then."

     "Looks like they might have."

     Tracy looked at Alice. "Who was it that told you the whipping was for no
reason?"

     Alice's face was red. "Graham."

     "And you believe what she said without checking?"

     "I didn't know..."

     "What do you think of the matter now you do know?"

     "I don't know what to think. Why should I believe you any more than I
should believe Graham?"

     "Well, that's a start I guess. At least you're questioning now and not
blindly accepting what you are told. Now, who has more of a need to convince you
to accept what they say, Graham or me?"

     "Errr.... Graham I guess."

     "Right. Now in a few minutes you are going to be caned simply because you
have entered this school. Not a very nice initiation ceremony I admit, but you
have already admitted that you are in this situation because you chose to follow
your boyfriend's lead. Are you still thinking that was the wisest decision
you've made in life? You've been caned in Robinvale already and you're going to
be caned again now. Today it will probably only be six. But if you continue to
lie to me I'll cane you for it. Think about it, Alice."

     "You can't cane me! I don't believe you. You're not a teacher!"

     "I'm your handler. I can and will cane you. Actually I'll be using a paddle
not a cane. Ms Granger will give you three and I will give you three. It will be
on your bare butt. in front of the school. And if I had my way I'd add a couple
more for your lies. Consider yourself lucky that I can't."

     "On my bare.... in front of the school.... you cant be serious!"

     "Ask Doris if it happened to her like that."

     Alice looked at Doris who nodded once. Tracy looked at her watch. "You have
time to use the toilet before the hooters Alice. Its going to be painful to sit
in class for you this afternoon so if you want to go...?"

     "OK"

     Later Tracy found herself  standing off to the side of the assembly as the
headmistress addressed the students. With her was Ms Granger holding a wicked
looking cane and two students who Tracy had not met who's job was to set up the
punishment stand and a rather stunned looking Alice. Tracy was holding her
mother's paddle.

     "You OK?"

     "I guess so."

     "Right girls, follow me," said Ms Granger, and led the little group out in
front of the assembled school. The two students with the frame immediately began
to assemble it while the Headmistress spoke. "Our latest crim was sentenced to
two months for stealing with violence. She has already shown she has no respect
for authority in the prison system and has tried to escape lawful custody once
already. As she is clearly one who thinks she's above authority she will receive
12 strokes instead of the traditional 6. Carry on Ms Granger."

     Tracy was startled at this announcement and looked sharply at Alice who had
gone pale. The frame was now ready and Tracy gestured to Alice to approach it.
Alice however, started to back away. "NO NO," she screamed. Tracy moved to grab
her arm but Alice twisted free and turned to run, only to find herself blocked
by the two students who had readied the frame. Alice was quickly seized and
dragged still screaming over to the waiting punishment frame by the three of
them. Her constant struggles kept the two students attention so it was Tracy who
secured Alice's wrists to the frame. Ms Granger then raised her prison tunic and
dragged down her black prison issue panties to her knees.

     "If you give us any more trouble girl it will be double," snapped Ms
Granger. This warning finally sank in as Alice's struggles ended, but her
moaning  "Noo.. noooo" did not cease. Ms Granger took up her position as Ms
Preston spoke to the school " 12 strokes BEGIN."

     Standing aside at this time Tracy watched, fascinated as the cane was
lifted high and paused a moment over the taught white globes of flesh.

     THERWACK  "One." called the assembled students. Their shout covered the
scream 				from Alice except for those close by.

     THERWACK  "Two" the students screamed.

     THERWACK  "Three"

     THERWACK  "Four"

     THERWACK  "Five"

     THERWACK "Six"

      The students could now hear Alices sobs in the break as Ms Granger stepped
aside and Tracy, with some trepidation and stepped up to the side of the
punishment frame. She looked at the pattern of red marks Ms Granger had left on
Alice's buttocks. They were close together. She would try to go for unmarked
flesh where possible. Tracy planted her feet firmly and raised the cane high.

     WACK  "Seven"  The students took up the chant again.

     WACK  "Eight"   Tracy noted the paddle covered much of Ms Granger's marks.

     WACK  "Nine"    This one was partly on the top of Alice's thighs.

     WACK  "Ten"      Also on the thighs.

     WACK  "Eleven"  Back on the butt.

     WACK  "Twelve" Tracy lowered her paddle and stared at the results of her
labours as well as that of Ms Granger. They looked strangely beautiful to her. 				  
"Where did I  get that idea?"

     "Not bad, girl. You have a knack for this," commented Ms Granger.

     "Thankyou M'am." "Is this a skill I should be proud of?"

     Tracy helped release Alice from the frame as the Headmistress dismissed the
students to their classes. Tracy helped Alice to her feet and pulled up her
panties for her as she swayed. As soon as she did so, Alice gasped "No.. please
take them off...please."

     Tracy did so and then helped the girl to the locker room where they
collected their books. Then, walking slowly, they went into class where Alice
slowly sat down and sat through the lesson with tears silently trickling down
her face.

     In the days following Alice was much quieter than before and followed
orders without question. She did not perk up again until the end of the week. On
Friday their timetables did not match until lunchtime. In the period before
morning break Tracy was suddenly startled out of her concentration on what the
teacher was saying when a shrill buzzing sound filled the room. It was coming
from Tracy who for a moment didn't realise what it was. Then she remembered and
looked down at her belt. The tracer Aunt Freda had given her was flashing a red
light. Tracy killed the alarm and activated the screen whilst the teacher came
striding up to where Tracy sat.

     "Wilson!" she snapped sharply, "What have you there, girl? Give it here at
once."

     "Its a tracer the prison gave me in case my crim made another escape
attempt, M'am," replied Tracy as she stared at the tracers little screen, "It
appears she is trying to escape again. She's going out the East St gate." Tracy
pushed a button. "There that will slow her down. I must  go after her. My
apologies for disturbing the class but I must go."

     "We should call the police," suggested the teacher.

     "I don't think that will be necessary thankyou," replied Tracy and ran from
the room. She followed the tracers indicated direction and quickly caught up
Alice less than half a block from the school. Alice was struggling with her
collar which had somehow suddenly become to tight and was chocking her. Tracy
grabbed her arms and quickly 'cuffed them behind her back. Then she touched a
button on the tracer. The collar returned to normal. Alice was angry and
frightened at the same time.

     "This damn collar is trying to kill me. Get it off," she gasped.

     "It's an anti-escape device Alice," replied Tracy cheerfully, "You have
been very silly. You have earned yourself another caning. Whether it will be
before the school is up to the Headmistress. Now come along." Tracy caught Alice
by the arm and began the march back to the school.

     They were met at the gate by Ms Jefferys the deputy head who was just
starting out after them. "So you have her Wilson. That was quick work. Come the
Head will want to see you both."

     In Ms Preston's office Tracy explained about the tracer and the collars
anti-escape action. Ms Preston was impressed and said so. "I'm pleased your aunt
saw fit to give you that tracer, Wilson. Perhaps we should ask for tracers for
all our crims. We will see. Meanwhile...you, Watkins apparently require another
caning since one wasn't enough. We will see if twenty strokes will make you
think. Come along."

     Ms Preston led the way into a small room along the corridor from her
office, Tracy and Ms Jefferys marching Alice along holding an arm each. Tracy
was astonished at the rooms contents. There was the punishment frame used at
assemblies and an arrangement of  ropes hanging from the ceiling with a
cross-bar dangling from it along with a collection of chains and other
restraints that Tracy could not fathom the use for. On a rack on the wall hung a
collection of whips and paddles. Alice screamed "NO" and tried to twist away but
was held firmly.

     "Over the frame with you Watkins," said Ms Preston. The three women dragged
Alice to the frame and shackled her to it. Her arms locked to the frames legs on
the far side and this time the Head had Alice's panties removed totally and her
ankles shackled to the frames legs on the near side, spreading her legs wide
apart. Ms Preston went to the wall and selected a thin springy cane. "Now then
Watkins, remember to count each one or you may get more than you expect."

     "NO NO NO," screamed Alice. Ms Preston raised the cane.

     CRACK  "AHOWE... One" The cane rose again

     CRACK  "OOOH....Two" It rose again.  And again.

     By the tenth stroke Alice was howling uncontrollably. Her buttocks were
covered with thin red lines. Ms Preston paused in her work.

     "We will give her a moment to let the pain sink in and for her to think on
why she is here," she said.  Tracy looked around the room. Ms Jefferys noticed
the look.

     "Curious about this room, Wilson?"

     "Yes M'am. It looks more like a room you would expect at a bondage club
than a school."

     "So you know of such things, Wilson?" said Ms Preston

     "Yes, M'am."

     "I see. Well this is not a room you would see in all schools Wilson, but it
has been found that some of these tools are needed for the crims. Our opposite
number for boys near Walton Prison has a similar set-up. I think we will leave
Watkins suspended here for a while after we have finished here. Here you have a
go." She handed the cane to Ms Jefferys who moved into position and raised the
cane. She swung.

     CRACK  "AHHOW ... eleven" the girl gasped.

     CRACK  "AHAHHOW ... twelve"

     Ms Preston turned to Tracy, "You can return to class, Wilson. Come and
collect Watkins from here at lunch time. But keep her in 'cuffs for the day, I
think."

     "Yes M'am."

     When the lunch hooters sounded Tracy made her way to the administration
block and found Alice hanging from the ceiling from her wrists which were
secured to either end of the half-metre long bar hanging from ceiling by the
rope. She was standing on her toes to reach the floor and ease the strain on her
arms. She had stopped crying but her face was streaked with tears. Her tunic was
tucked up into her belt to display her well marked bottom. Tracy walked around
the suspended girl, admiring the effect. She reached out and gently stroked
Alices well marked bottom. Alice groaned softly as she felt the touch. Tracy
slid her fingers over the red \marks, stroking gently. Then Tracy lowered the
bar bringing the girl back onto her feet.

     "T... Thankyou Tracy. My arms are killing me. Those bitches were awful.
Jefferys was just as horrible as Preston. She wanted to do other things to
me..... put things in me...... she said I would make a nice slut. I'm not a
slut. Never. I.. mufff." Tracy covered her mouth with her hand. as she snapped
on her leash.

     "Silence. Put on your panties and hurry up. I'm hungry." Alice did so,
wincing as cloth rubbed her punished buttocks. Tracy then snapped her 'cuffs on
the girl and marched her slowly to the canteen. There they joined Karen and
Doris and as they ate other students came to their table to question Tracy about
what had happened. Alice was subdued throughout the meal as she struggled to eat
while wearing handcuffs. When they left the canteen they went to their usual
secluded spot and were joined by Sharon Granger and her crowd who demanded to
know the full story also. After a brief hesitation Tracy ordered Alice onto her
knees with her head on the ground and her bottom up. she then raised Alice's
tunic, tucking it under her belt and lowered her panties to display the
handiwork of the Head and her Deputy. There were thin  red lines crossing
Alice's buttocks and thighs. Sharon and several of her group ran their hands
over Alices buttocks, stroking the red marks as they commented on them. Alice
could be heard moaning softly. Tracy ordered Alice to rise up on her knees and
put her hands on her head, still with her tunic tucked into her belt. Her face
was a flaming red with shame.

     "Alice you brought this on your self," said Tracy sharply, "If there were
no marks to admire there would be no reason to do this. And you gained the marks
by your own efforts, no one asked you to run off. If you keep earning red marks
on your butt then you can expect people to want to admire them. Clear?"

     Silence.

     "I said is that clear, Alice?"

     "Yes, its clear."

     "You will remain on display until the hooters go." Tracy noticed that all
the students including Karen and even Doris were nodding in approval.

     That afternoon, as Tracy escorted Alice to the prison bus she spoke again.
"Alice you have been here long enough now to have seen the difference in the way
Sharon Granger and her crowd treat their crims to the way Karen treats Doris.
Who would you rather have control you - me or Sharon? Think on it."

     When she got home Tracy reported what had happened to Aunt Freda who had
already received reports from the school and the prisons Tracing Section. Aunt
Freda heard out Tracy's story then sighed. "The girl will have to be broken,"
she said.

     "You mean turned into a sex slave in that room you showed me?"

     "Yes."

     "Even though she is nearly finished her sentence?"

     "She will spend the rest of her sentence there. Three weeks should be
enough to crack her I think. Then she will be released under supervision.
Tomorrow I will write a letter for Ms Preston confirming she won't be returning
to school."

     Later that night Tracy spoke to her Aunt Elizabeth. "Aunt if corporal
punishment is used in both prisons and schools, why isn't it used directly by
the courts? I would have thought it would have been a cheaper way to punish
small crimes or first offenders and act as a deterrent at the same time."

     "But it is," replied Aunt Elizabeth, "First offenders are often publicly
flogged. Would you like to see a session." It's free to those who are
interested."

     "Yes please Aunt."

     "This Saturday then."

     The next day Tracy accompanied Aunt Elizabeth to a small park across from
the courthouse where Aunt Elizabeth heard her cases. There was a raised platform
such as would be used by musicians and politicians. Today though Tracy saw it
had been fitted out with a different and larger punishment frame then that used
at her school. It had the necessary shackles that allowed four people to be
secured at once. It consisted of  four padded boards each angled up to the
centre with a pole rising out of the centre with shackles hanging from it. It
looked to Tracy something like a weird pyramid.

     Soon after their arrival a prison van arrived and some twenty prisoners
were unloaded, their hands 'cuffed behind the and ankles in shackles. All the
prisoners were wearing prison garb but their feet were bare. On being unloaded
from the van the prisoners were made to kneel facing the audience. Then the
first four criminals were stripped naked then marched to the frame and secured
to it, one to each side, their hands secured to the pole and their ankles to the
corners of the board. Their backs and buttocks were now available to the whip.
One of the prison officers produced a microphone and announced the name of each
of the first four (all men) to be punished. The crime and sentence and the name
of the judge who gave the sentence were announced. Tracy noted the sentences
went from 10 strokes (for being drunk and disorderly) to 35 (shoplifting - first
offence) in this batch. One of the officers then produced a whip and proceeded
to carry out the sentences. The crowd (like at school) began counting out the
strokes. All prisoners were left secured until the last stroke had been
administered to the last prisoner in the batch. These four were then released
and allowed to put on their clothes and return to the van free of shackles,
while the next four were stripped. One of this group was a woman sentenced to 20
strokes for stealing. There was much whistling and catcalling as she was
stripped but no attempt was made by the warders to shield her and she could do
little to cover herself as she was chained like the men. Tracy noticed that like
in the prison, and unlike school, the strokes were spread from the back to the
buttocks.

     "Aunt is their a limit that prisoners can be sentenced to?"

     "No limit as to number of strokes sentenced, Tracy, but they can only
receive fifty strokes in any one session and then their must be 48 hours between
sessions. I have sentenced criminals to totals of 70 or 80 strokes which were
delivered over two punishment sessions. Why! Do you think that is to harsh?"

     "No Aunt, but tell me, do students have the same protection? I say that
because I saw  a student last week that had failed to do homework. She received
various numbers of strokes from different teachers that totalled over 60
altogether and the last caning only stopped because she began to bleed. Her
bottom was a mess and she couldn't sit down without crying. Remember it was all
on the bum, no spreading it over the back as well. How come there is no limit
for students?"

     "I don't know Tracy. Is that student alright?"

     "Don't know. That happened on Thursday. She didn't come to school on
Friday."

     "I agree there should be a control there somewhere Tracy. That girls family
should take it up with the Education Department. I think we had better go. One
of the next batch was a case of mine." Aunt Elizabeth led the way out of the
park.

     "Aunt to what extent is the use of the Truth Light made by the courts on 
Camelot?"

     "It is recognised and used Tracy, but they are so expensive that only 5 or
6 legal firms have them. The Justice department has a few also but as you know
both sides usually insist on having their own to double-check each other."

     "I understand that Aunt. You do remember there is one in my room at this
moment, don't you?"

     "Yes. Why?"

     "Well, If there is one fault in the system you just  showed me it is what
if a mistake was made and you humiliate and flog the wrong person? That could
turn a perfectly innocent person against society. Father told me of a case on
Nexus where that happened and the man ended up a rampaging killer because of
being imprisoned wrongly as a teenager. He was finally declared innocent of that
first crime but only after spending twelve months in prison where he was raped
and humiliated and bashed many times. The experience sent him over the edge. Has
that happened here?"

     "Probably yes, although I can't actually name a case off hand. Your
thinking a Truth Light could ensure it doesn't happen, I take it?"

     "Yes, Aunt."

     "Perhaps it will when we have enough Truth Lights for all legal firms to
have one. How is your crim going? Are you suggesting using the Light to clear
her?" Aunt Elizabeth inquired as they headed home, "Is she showing any change?"

     "No Auntie, she has admitted her guilt to me and others," sighed Tracy,
"Aunt Freda has decided she is to spend the rest of her sentence in that unit
where they break girls and turn them into sex-slaves."

     "Perhaps it is for the best. If that doesn't work it will be Reform School
if her sentence was longer. It's a pity."

     "It's that I feel I have failed her somehow. But what else could I have
done for her? She seemed fixed on the idea she should be able to do as she
liked."

     "It sounds like she is a habitual criminal, Tracy. There was nothing you
can do for them. Try to put her out of your mind."

     Tracy in time did put Alice out of her mind. She had a new interest. She
was appointed captain of her schools inter-schools cricket team by the sport
mistress. Although she was still considered by the students as a 'newcomer' she
found most of the players were willing to accept her as captain. The one who
didn't approve was Sharon Granger who, Tracy was aware, had expected to have the
job herself. Tracy tried to win Sharon over but  the girl was unmoved. "You are
an outsider and an off-worlder Wilson," she snapped, "I'm much better suited
than you can ever be."

     "I didn't ask for it Sharon, Ms Andrews just thrust it on me."

     "Maybe so but I say you should not have it. Either you resign or I will
take steps to remove you. Clear?"

     Tracy stared at Sharon in astonishment, "What are you talking about? Of
course I wont resign."

     "If you don't you will be sorry." Sharon turned and strode away.

     That night Tracy recounted the conversation for her Aunts. "That is what
she said. I don't know what she meant by her threat. However I do know she is
used to getting what she wants. And she wants the captaincy. She is or thinks
she is powerful because her mother is a teacher there and her grandmother is its
head. I don't know how far her family would go to help to get her the
captaincy."

     "I'm sure there is nothing in it," soothed Aunt Elizabeth.

     "I hope your right," thought Tracy, "But why is my gut saying otherwise?"

     Tracy went of to do her homework.

     -------------------------

     End part 1.




A  Slave for Tracy

Part 2

    

     Tracy stepped of the school bus and looked around in surprise. There were
two police cars parked in the school car-park and she could see two uniformed
officers in the doorway to the administration block. Tracy sought out Karen and
her crim Doris at their usual place and asked what was going on.

     "Some-one broke into the school canteen and scrawled on the walls and
smashed up some of the furniture," replied Karen.

     "Any idea on who did it?"

     "Not so far."

     Just before morning break Tracy was summoned to the headmistresses office.
There she found the headmistress, her deputy, Ms Granger and a woman wearing a
police detective's badge.

     " This is Detective Davis, Wilson. She is in charge of the investigation of
this matter. So Wilson, What have you got to say for yourself?" Ms Preston's
voice was like ice.

     Tracy stared at her in surprise. "I beg your pardon M'am?"

     "Don't play the fool with me, Wilson. You were seen running away from the
school last night. This morning we find your handiwork all over the walls of the
canteen and half of the canteen furniture broken. Have you anything to say?"

     Tracy stared at Ms Preston in shocked surprise. She could not speak for a
moment then her mind cleared and she recalled her father telling her of how he
interviewed witnesses. 'Take control' he had said. "Should I  assume from your
attitude, Ms Preston. that you have decided to frame me with the crime of
damaging the canteen?"

     "What did you say, girl?"

     "Let's just say, M'am that I find it interesting that this outrage occurs
the night after your granddaughter threatened to cause trouble for me if I
didn't resign captaincy of the cricket team in her favour."

     "What! Are you saying my daughter threatened you, Wilson? Nonsense. You're
lying. Are you suggesting she would smash up school furniture and deface walls
to get the captaincy?  Sharon would never do such a thing. That's ridiculous."
Ms Granger sounded almost too outrageous.

     "Where was Sharon last night, Ms Granger? Was she home all last night?"

     "No. She went to.... visit friends." Ms Granger's voice faltered as she
realised what she had done.

     "Their names and addresses being? Also what time did she leave and what
time did she return?" Tracy produced her pocket electro-slate and readied her
stylus. Out of the corner of her eye she noted the police woman was watching her
with interest.

     "I don't have to tell you anything. Anyway you should be under arrest."

     "It's true you don't have to tell me, Ms Granger, but you will have to tell
the court. You do realise, don't you, that both of you as well as Sharon will
have to give evidence in court under oath? And I tell you now that if I am
charged with this matter I will give my evidence under Truth Light. Are the two
of you and Sharon ready to do  that?"

     "Why would I have to give evidence?" Ms. Preston was now looking uncertain.

     "Because there are questions you will be required to answer about your part
in this matter."

     "You can't make me go to court."

     Tracy struggled not to laugh. She glanced at the police officer who was
also hiding her laughter.

     "You seem to think you know a lot about the law, Ms Wilson," the detective
came into the conversation suddenly, "Mind telling us how you can be so sure you
will have the use of a Truth Light? They are very expensive. I understand there
are only six Lights in private ownership on this planet, not counting the ones
used by the Prosecuting Office."

     "Seven, actually M,am. I have my own Light."

     "Nonsense," snorted Ms Granger. Tracy ignored her.

     "My parents owned it between them. They were both lawyers on the planet
Nexus, M'am," explained Tracy, "When they ..(she swallowed).. were murdered
their estate, including the Light was left to me. I brought it with me when my
aunt brought me here."

     "Your lying, Wilson," spluttered Ms Granger. Again Tracy ignored her.

     "Officer, If you want to see it you only have to drive me home and I will
show it to you. Or you can confirm it by getting your office to check my customs
file. The Light was declared in the usual manner so it would be listed as part
of my luggage."

     The Detective nodded. "And you really think that Sharon Granger would do
this damage just to get a sports team captaincy, Ms Wilson?"

     "I do. I admit I would not have said so before this morning, but it is to
much of a coincidence, first her threat yesterday now this. You understand I am
not saying Sharon actually did the deed with her own hands. She may have got
others to do it for her. Anyway, I was home all last night with my two aunts.
You may know of them as they are also in law enforcement. The Magistrate
Elizabeth Philips and her sister Freda Philips, Governor of Robinvale Prison."

     The police officer's eyebrows rose slightly. "I see. And you are prepared
to give evidence under Truth Light, Ms Wilson?"

     "I am. At any time."

     "I see. Very well. I think that will be all for the moment, Ms Wilson. I
may have more questions later. Ms Preston I think we should have Sharon back
please."

     "Excuse me M'am, if I may ask one question?" The detective nodded.

     "I notice that there was no mention of the security cameras. Was anything
of this incident caught on the security cameras in the canteen?"

     The detective looked at Tracy. "It appears that the cameras in the canteen
were not switched on last night."

     "Ahh. I see. Thankyou."

     Tracy glanced at Ms Preston and Ms Granger. Ms Granger was glaring at her
with hate filled eyes. The Headmistress on the other hand was looking very
uncertainly at her daughter. After she exited the Headmistresses office, Tracy
hesitated in the corridor for a moment, then looked at her watch. It was nearly
break time. Aunt Elizabeth would be in court. She will have to contact Aunt
Freda instead. School rules barred students from leaving the grounds but she was
not going to worry about that now. She wanted to warn her aunts about what had
happened at school. She needed to talk to someone she could trust to tell her
what she should do. Tracy went across the street to the public com-booths and
called Aunt Freda's personal number at Robinvale Prison. Soon she was telling
Aunt Freda everything. Aunt Freda heard her out then, "You seemed to have
handled the interview well Tracy. I will check with Liz. at lunchtime. You head
back to class for now. But don't say to much about what was said at that
interview."

     "Yes Aunt."

     Tracy got back to school as the hooters went for end of break. It wasn't
until lunchtime Tracy was able to speak to Karen or Doris. However she was
conscious of odd looks from some of the students. At lunch some students tried
to probe Tracy for information as to what had happened at her interview. Then
she heard from Sharon's friends that Sharon had named her (Tracy) as the person
seen running away from the school. Tracy heard no more that afternoon but was
conscious of some students who seemed to think she should be under arrest. Tracy
noted they were all supporters of Sharon Granger.

     That night, Aunt Elizabeth informed Tracy, as they were served their
evening meal by Fiona the new crim-slave, that the Education Department would
announce a departmental enquiry on the matter of the deliberate damaging of the
canteen furniture and she might be called to testify. At school the next day the
news of the enquiry spread and soon Tracy found herself the subject of a  debate
over whether she was guilty of the damage or not. Sharon Granger and her friends
made it clear she (Tracy) should be in prison while the others were wavering
over the question. Tracy strove to say nothing, as directed by Aunt Elizabeth.
Tracy had to face their taunts day after day until the time of the enquiry which
did not start for two weeks.

     Before the board of enquiry, Tracy, guided by Aunt Elizabeth, told her
story simply, ending with a declaration of her willingness to repeat her
statement under Truth Light. Sharon Granger was nervous but stated she was
certain it was Tracy she had seen running from the school and denied threatening
Tracy. Ms Preston could not explain how only the security camera in the canteen
happened to be switched off that night. However she, her mother and Ms Preston
declined to submit to Truth Light. The Board exonerated Tracy and recommended
charges against Ms Preston, Ms Granger and Ms Sharon Granger. After the hearing
the Grangers admitted their guilt. There was now no need of a trial. The results
was soon announced. Ms Preston and her daughter Ms Granger were sacked from the
Education department and Sharon was suspended from school. As Sharon and her
mother admitted their part in the matter (and insisted Ms Preston was innocent)
they were  brought before a judge for sentencing. Ms Granger was sentenced to 40
strokes of the whip and two months in prison as  well as a fine that would more
then cover the costs of repair to the canteen. Sharon's sentence was 30 strokes
of the whip and one month in prison. Both whippings to be delivered by prison
officers in front of the school.

     It was two months after Tracy was first accused of the damage when she
found herself  lined up with the rest of her class as  Ms Jefferys, now
confirmed as the new school Headmistress, announced the results of the enquiry
to the school and confirmed Tracy's innocence. She then announced the
punishments. The punishment frame that was then set up was similar to that used
at the public whipping Tracy had seen with Aunt Elizabeth. Then came a parade of
several prison officers leading Sharon and her mother, both naked and in chains.
Ms Granger was secured to the punishment frame, her hands stretched out and up
in front of her, her body supported on the padded board and her legs spread wide
and secured at the ankles. The flogging  that followed was as Tracy had seen in
the park with the students counting aloud as the whip was applied relentlessly
across Ms Granger's back, buttocks and legs. At the finish of her whipping she
was helped howling from the frame but was then made to stand and watch as her
daughter was dragged over to the frame and secured. Sharon's whipping was as
ferocious as her mother's, after which both she and her mother were taken away
to Robinvale Prison. Tracy felt odd after the end of the floggings. At last she
was now known to be innocent. Yet she felt sorry for the Grangers. She wondered
if Sharon's old friends would still pick at her as they had done for the last
two months.

     That question was answered the next Monday when Sharon Granger was
introduced to the school as the newest crim. Patricia Harris, her handler (and
one-time follower) brought her over to where Tracy and Karen were standing then
ordered Sharon to strip. She finally did so and stood red faced, with her hands
on her head, while the marks on her back and buttocks were examined by the
students.

     "You will notice, girls," Tracy remarked to the group, "Sharon's thirty
strokes were spread from neck to thigh. When students are caned here it is on
the butt only and so is much more concentrated. And yet the prison authorities
and the courts are limited to fifty strokes at any one time, while the school
administration has no such limitation on it. Interesting don't you think?"

     "You mean teachers can give higher numbers of strokes to us at a time than
the courts?" asked Pat, in surprise.

     "In one session, yes," replied Tracy.

     "What do you mean 'one session'?"

     "The courts can sentence you to a higher number of strokes but you can only
receive a maximum of fifty at one session. If the court sentences a person to
say 100 strokes, they would receive them in two lots of fifty. But there must be
at least 48 hours between sessions. And as you see here, the strokes are spread
over a larger area. There would be less damage to individual areas of the body."

     "Are you suggesting that we should be stripped for the cane, too?"

     "'course not. I'm saying that there should be a limit set for any one
caning, that's all."

     There was a regular rumble of consent at that.

     Sharon took the traditional introductory caning in front of the school
badly, struggling  to escape from her handler as they waited for the punishment
frame to be set up. Her screams were audible over the students voices as they
counted the strokes.

     THERWACK  "One" the students chanted.

     THERWACK  "Two" louder this time.

     THERWACK  "Three" they were screaming now. Patricia Harris now took over
with her own cane.

     THERWACK  "Four" they screamed again.

     THERWACK  "Five" and again.

     THERWACK  "Six"  Patricia lowered her cane and went to release Sharon from
the frame.

     After that Tracy saw Sharon try to cope with her new situation. Her old
friends did nothing to ease her problems, treating her as she had often treated
her crims in humiliating ways, having her strip and parade naked  in the grounds
as she did her share of the dirty jobs. Cleaning up, collecting scraps emptying
bins into large collection hoppers.

     Then Tracy was called to the administration centre and given a synopsis of
a new crim who would be starting on Monday. The girls name caught Tracy's eye.
After a moment she remembered. It was the girl who had killed a rapist when he
had come back a second time after being let of by the courts when he had been
tried for rapeing his killer's ten year old sister. Tracy remembered Aunt
Elizabeth explaining that for some reason the judge had refused a bid for a
manslaughter plea and insisted on a murder charge. There had been no trial as
the girl, Sarah Dutton, had not denied killing the rapist. The sentence, of life
imprisonment had brought out a reaction from the public who considered she
should have gone free. But the sentence had stood. Aunt Elizabeth had commented
to Tracy that there was a rumour, unproven, that the judge was distantly related
to the  Adamsdale Clan. Briefly Tracy wondered at the connection - still it was
unproven. After speaking with Karen, she asked to see the Headmistress.

     "M'am do you intend to cane her when she comes on Monday?"

     Ms Jefferys leant back in her chair and looked at Tracy. "You think she
shouldn't be caned, I take it."

     "M'am, she shouldn't be in prison. However I suggest you think about it
before trying to make this girls life even more miserable. The whole school will
soon know she is coming here. If you go ahead and cane her the students will
take it as an indication that you are in favour of child rape. That's what they
will tell their parents. And the media could make a story out of it too. Have
you considered that?"

     "No." Silence. "I will consider what you have said, Tracy. You will have my
answer on Monday. You may go." Tracy left the office.

     That night she spoke to her aunts. "Aunt Freda has the girl Sarah Dutton
arrived at Robinvale yet?"

     "Certainly. She will start at school on Monday. Why do you ask?"

     "Today I was told I would be her Handler. How is she coping?"

     "To early to say. She has been no trouble so far." Aunt Freda frowned
thoughtfully. "If you are going to be her handler, perhaps she should see you
before Monday. She is a special case you realise. She will be a black-collar and
has to be prepared for a life as a crim-slave. Not just a number of years but
life." Aunt Freda looked at Tracy. "Was there something special that you should
ask about her like this?"

     "Yes. There is the question of how she will face her first day at school.
You know, the caning before the school."

     "I would have thought Jefferys would think twice before she did that!"
commented Aunt Elizabeth.

     "Tracy described her conversation with the Headmistress. She also mentioned
Karen Jackson and explained that her parents were high in the news broadcasting
for a media Channel.  Her Aunts looked at each other and grinned.

     "What's so funny," demanded Tracy.

     "Just the way you have already set your ideas in motion to protect this
girl and you haven't even met her," replied Aunt Elizabeth, smiling.

     "It's just that I don't think she should be treated like this. It should
not be wrong to defend yourself or your family from rapists, but it apparently
is. And its wrong."

     Aunt Elizabeth sighed and nodded. "Unfortunately that is how the law is at
the moment."

     "One thing you should know Tracy," said Aunt Freda, "Is that Sarah will
have to wear handcuffs all the time she is at school. She already knows this. I
will be give you 'cuffs with extra long chain to make it easier. It's a prison
rule."

    

     The next morning being Saturday, Tracy accompanied Aunt Freda to the prison
and into the exercise yard where Tracy recognised several girls she saw every
day at school. She noticed that there was a large grouping of prisoners in one
corner and was told tat they were meeting the new prisoner who was also a
celebrity. Aunt Freda and Tracy went over to the group. The prisoners opened a
way for the Governor and Tracy saw the girl up close for the first time.  She
was immediately struck by the girls natural beauty. "Wow oh wow is she
beautiful. Those eyes.. I could hop into her bed any day... what am I thinking
about? I'm here to help the girl, not ravish her.."

     "Sarah this is Tracy Wilson, Tracy, Sarah Dutton. Tracy wanted to meet you
and discuss your new school. Tracy I'll leave you here for now. You know the
drill. Aunt Freda turned and left the yard.

     Tracy turned back to Sarah who was looking at her curiously. "Sorry to
barge in on you like this Sarah. I wanted to meet you because I've been
appointed your 'Handler' and try to prepare you for your new school. Have any of
the girls here told you what happens to crims on their first day at this
school?"

     "No they haven't. What can be so special as a new school? Also what do you
mean by 'Handler'?"

     "These girls haven't told you about 'Handlers'. Have they mentioned the two
groupings in the school on the question of how crims should be treated?"

     "No."

     Tracy glanced at the girls still gathered round them. "What have you people
been talking about that you haven't got up to this yet?" she grinned at them.
Some grinned back. One spoke up.

     "Tracy, this is wrong. Sarah shouldn't be in here." There was murmurs of
agreement.

     Tracy nodded and her face turned serious. "I agree. But there's nothing we
can do about it legally. But we can help to prepare Sarah for this new life she
has been forced into. I suppose you could say the same about the rest of you to,
but you all have one thing Sarah hasn't, a release date. You may think you have
been hard done by, but all of you know that eventually you will be out of here
and out of those collars. Sarah has to prepare herself for a life of servitude."
Tracy turned back to face Sarah who had listened in silence as Tracy spoke, her
blue eyes fixed on Tracy. "Sarah, my aunt tells me you are the youngest girl
ever given a life sentence although there has been a boy that was younger. Now,
Sarah, this school year has seven weeks to go. Have you been told what happens
after that? 

     "Yes, the Governor told me." Tracy noticed the tremor in the voice. "She is
strong but is worried about what could be her fate. I would be too."

     "Sarah, You were born on this planet. You should have some idea of what
happens to crims when they are leased out. Suppose  you tell me what you know
about it. I'm an off-worlder myself and had to be told about this business with
slaves and crims. On Nexus there were no crim-slaves or slaves of any other form
either. For that matter corporal punishment was not allowed either. So you see I
am still learning about this system...What.." Tracy was as surprised as the
others in the group as big drops of rain started down on them. "Inside everyone,
come on."

     They found a corner in the library and settled to hear Sarah's answer. "I
only know what I've seen in the street," said Sarah thoughtfully, "I do remember
seeing a group of male crims chained together carrying equipment and tools once.
I think they were to do work in a park or garden. The only close up experience I
have had was on my uncle's farm. My uncle sometimes had a crim to do work on the
farm but not often because he reckoned they were not much good because they were
mostly city men not used to farm life. I also understand long-term males often
are leased for work in the mines. And of course I know that the pretty girls
often are leased by brothels." There was a collective murmur at this.

     "That is one possibility for you I suppose, Sarah. You are a pretty girl.
But I've been told that slaves, crim or otherwise are used everywhere, in many
industries besides mining. When I went for a medical check-up I noticed one of
the women on the desk wore a brown collar. She looked happy enough and seemed to
be treated just like the rest of the secretaries there. The trouble is of course
you have no skills or training to sell as yet. What about your family? Your own
parents can't buy your lease of course but I've been told that it is a common
practice for another member of the same family like an aunt or uncle to buy the
lease of the crim and they go and live with them for the sentence. That does
save the crim from the brothels or mines."

     "My uncle is going to by my lease," said one girl.

     "My father is going to arrange for my aunt to buy mine," said another.
There were several others.

     "Any chance of your uncle ...," Tracy looked at Sarah who shook her head.
"He died last year. There is no one else."

     "What about a close friend. Aunt told me it's not unknown for a next door
neighbour to do it."

     "Most of the neighbours near us are to old or have turned against my family
after what happened. We were new in the neighbourhood when it happened and many
of the neighbours still won't believe me even after my statement under Truth
Light. They say it is all my fault and either I or Sue made it all up. No. There
is no-one." Sarah looked at Tracy with a ruthful smile. I guess the brothel is
the best I can expect."

     "I see. Who is Sue?"

     "My sister. The one the bastard raped. She still has nightmares about him.
She also says she doesn't like the way our stepfather looks at her either. Y'see
Mum won't hear of a bad word against him. She wouldn't listen to Sue at first
when she told of Thomas's first attack. I caught him on his second visit. At
first Mum wouldn't listen to us. I was the one who called the police after I had
tied the bastard up. The only reason there was a trial at all was because father
was able to get one of the lawyers with a Truth Light. When challenged to make
his denial under the Light, he refused. Then his lawyer found some obscure law
that said he hadn't been treated properly because I had tied him up before
reading his rights, or something. Anyway he was released and two days after his
release Dad was found dead. I'm sure Thomas did it but the police couldn't prove
it. The murder is still officially unsolved. Mum remarried a year later, last
year in other words, and our stepfather and his ten year old son moved in. I
don't know if he really loves Mum or not, but she won't hear anything said
against him. When Sue first mentioned that Alf was looking at her in a strange
way Mum started yelling at her for trying to entice him away from her! Now you
see why I worry about Sue. She could be being raped by him right now and no-one
there to stop him." Sarah's lip trembled and a tear ran down her cheek - which
was quickly scrubbed away. "Sorry," she mumbled.

     A girl Tracy remembered was named Robin Kibble cut in, "You not the only
one there Sarah. I'm in here on three charges. One is true enough. I got three
months for it, but the other two charges are false but they got me another nine
months altogether. I would have said so under a Truth Light but my family
couldn't afford one."

     "Same with me," said another.

     Tracy took in a breath. "Sarah have you had any visits from your family
since you came here?" Sarah shook her head.

     "Mum doesn't believe any of what I said about Thomas. She wouldn't even
believe me after Dad was able to get us -Sue and me- tested under a Truth Light
after the rape. When I was arrested after killing Thomas, David Hawkins refused
to get a Truth Light so I could prove I hadn't gone after Thomas, that Thomas
had come after Sue. He claimed there wasn't enough money to get it. Actually he
has been gambolling our money away at a casino."

     "Have you tried to com your family from here? You are allowed to, you
know."

     "I have tried but I was told that I had to be in here a month before I
could com."

     "Ehh  Who told you that? I thought all prisoners are allowed one call a
week," exclaimed Tracy, looking at the other girls. A chorus of agreement 
assured her she was right.

     "Who told you that, Sarah?"

     "Woman named Doreen Graham. She wore a brown collar. She said she was the
trustee in charge of the booking of the com-booths. She also said she could
arrange to slip me in if I had something to trade. But I don't."

     "Since when has Doreen Graham been a trustee?" Tracy looked at the gathered
girls. "She's not." several girls spoke at once. "You've been had Sarah," said
one.

     "Damn. I'll have another go at the com-booths then."

     "Right. Well the one thing I wanted to warn you about Sarah is that it is a
custom at our school that all new crims be caned in front of the school on the
bare."

     "What!," you mean without having actually done anything wrong?" Tracy
nodded as did many of the gathered girls.

     "Tracy that's not right," said one. "No", chorused the others.

     "I agree." replied Tracy, "I was in te Head's office yesterday afternoon
trying to convince her to see reason. She did say she would 'consider it' at the
end but I wouldn't put it past her to do it anyway. She seems to be convinced it
is the right thing to do."

     A loud buzzing noise sounded. "Lunch" declared several of the girls
together. Tracy stood up. "Then I better go. Sorry I had to bring bad news
Sarah. There is a chance Ms Jefferys may decide to leave you be. I told her
there could be bad press if she does go ahead with it. Hopefully she will
realise the problems that could cause her."

     "How can you be sure of that, Tracy?"

     Tracy grinned. "My best friend Karen -you'll meet her on Monday- is the
daughter of the producer of Channel 45's news producer. He can arrange to send a
camera to the school if he knows there is a story to be had. And you know your
story has been in the news lately. There is sure to be an outcry if your caned,
Sarah. There sure was when you were sentenced. See you Monday." Tracy caught
Sarah's hand in a squeeze and then headed for the gates.

     Aunt Freda joined Tracy and Aunt Elizabeth at lunch and Tracy told them of
her conversation with Sarah, including Doreen Graham's part in preventing Sarah
from coming her family. At that Aunt Freda looked grim and nodded.

     During the afternoon Tracy worked on her homework. That night, "Aunt Freda,
would it be possible to take a Truth Light into the prison so that those
prisoners who say that that they have been wrongly convicted can be tested with
it. If it turns out that they are right then they should be released. There was
one girl I poke to today claimed that she was convicted on three charges but she
is only guilty of one of them. Shouldn't she be allowed to prove it?"

     "Your thinking of using your own Light I suppose?" replied Aunt Freda.

     "If there is no other, why not?"

     "Well the only thing against the idea is that it would have to be available
to all prisoners, not just your classmates."

     "Fine."

     "Also you understand I or Liz cant release prisoners on the spot. We could
only issue reports recommending action on the individual cases. The Revue Court
would then have to rule on the action to take."

     "I realise this would take time Aunt. The first thing to do would be to
tell the prisoners what will happen and tell them how to prepare the statement
they will read under the Light. This will all take time and I know it may upset
some old fuddy-duddys in the Justice Department. But it is one way to ensure
those who believe they have been wronged can be aided. Couldn't you at least put
the idea to the Department?"

     "I'll do that, certainly."

    

     That Monday Tracy was at the gate to receive her new crim. And so was a
group of students  curious to see the celebrity in their midst. As Sarah stepped
off the bus there was a loud cheer. Sarah looked bewildered. She looked around
in confusion and was clearly relieved when she recognised Tracy. "What is this
for?" she asked Tracy.

     "You." replied Tracy.

     As Tracy guided Sarah up the path to the administration block Sarah was
greeted with handshakes, hugs and backslaps. Inside the building they were met
by Ms Jefferys.

     "Sarah this is our Headmistress, Ms Jefferys. Ms Jefferys may I present
Sarah Dutton a new pupil to the school.

     "Well Sarah that was quite an arrival. Did you orchestrate it Wilson?"

     "No orchestration Ms Jefferys I assure you."

     "Why the handcuffs," demanded Ms Jefferys.

     "Prison requirement, M'am. Because Sarah is a black-collar inmate, I
understand."

     As they left the administration block after enrolling, Sarah looked at
Tracy. "The prisoners say you are the niece of the prison Governor. Is that
true."

     "Yes."

     "They also say she allows you in to whip prisoners. Is that true?"

     "That happened once and only because at the time most of the other warders
were occupied. In fact my visit to you on Saturday was only my second visit to
the prison."

     "They also say you and the other students humiliate the crims as a joke.
That you make us strip and parade around the grounds naked. That you handlers
take your crims home for the weekend, torturer us and then stop us from doing
our homework so we will be caned in class. Is that true."

     "Yes, that has happened. Just how many crims that has happened to, I don't
know."

     "Have you done it?"

     "No. I've not taken a crim home, yet. The one other crim I've handled tried
to run off and I brought her back."

     "I was also told that the handler takes part in the caning you mentioned on
Saturday."

     "Yes. Half by the Headmistress and half by the handler."

     "Meaning you would have to cane me."

     "'Fraid so. Both then and at any other time you fail to follow orders."

     "Meaning you will be able to punish me if I don't accept this humiliation
that you and the others put on me."

     "That's both true and false. Did the others tell you that the students are
actually split over that matter?"

     "No. What do you mean 'split'?"

     "I mean divided into two groups over the question of whether crims should
be treated easily or harshly. By harshly I...." The hooters sounded.

     "Come on, our first class is this way. I'll explain what I mean at break."

     There was some consternation amongst the students when they saw Sarah was
restrained. Sarah ended up defending Tracy when objections were raised.

     In class some of the teachers also were also put out by the 'cuffs.
"Wilson, get those things of her. Now."

     "I'm sorry M'am. I can't do that. Apparently it a prison rule that all
black-collar crims must wear restraints while outside the prison. They must stay
on M'am. I wish it was otherwise."

     "I see. Very well. But I don't like it."

     "Nor do I M'am."

    

    

     Break finally came and with it a Sarah wanting to hear the rest of Tracy's
explanation. Tracy continued her explanation conscious of the crowd of
on-lookers around them. "I meant that there are two groups in the school. One
group thinks that a crim should be hard treated and humiliated to break her
spirit, while the other believes the crim should be fairly treated, only
punished when she fails to obey orders. The hard treaters keep their crim in
fear and humiliation whenever possible. See there. That is what I mean by
humiliation." Tracy gestured towards where two crims were with their handlers
and a crowd of onlookers. The crims were bent over with their panties down while
the crowd examined their bottoms.

     "My God. What are they doing?"

     "Counting the stripes on their buttocks I think."

     "But that's.."

     "Humiliating?"

     "Yes."

     "Wait until lunchtime. Some of the handlers may order their crims to strip
and stand naked in the grounds for all to see. You understand if the crim
refuses to do something, the handler can and will cane her."

     "No. Surely not!" Sarah looked at Tracy in horror.

     "'Fraid so. There are other things they do that are worse, I think. But you
get the idea when I say two groups. The other group won't do that sort of thing
with their crims. They believe the crim should be fairly treated. The crim must
follow orders still, but they find that they are not humiliated nearly as much
as with the other group. Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying that the fair group
won't discipline their crims because they do. The difference is that they will
only discipline them if they deserve it. They will not deliberately set out to
create false or rigged reasons to cane them just so they have the pleasure of
hearing them scream. This sadistic group also seem to think crims should not be
released at all. They, or some of them at least, think that all crims should all
be leased out for life."

     Sarah was staring at the group as they prodded and poked at the two
half-naked crims. Finally she turned to Tracy. "Which group do you belong to."

     Karen Jackson, who had been sitting beside Tracy as she answered Sarah's
questions, chuckled. "Relax Sarah, Tracy has been on our team since she arrived
on Camelot."

     Tracy grinned. "Sarah, this is Karen Jackson. She and her crim Doris Phelps
were my first friends on Camelot. They were the ones that explained the system
to me. Karen this is the famous Sarah Dutton." Tracy laid her hand on Sarah's
arm as she spoke.

     Sarah nodded to Karen. "You have a crim to, Karen? Where is she?"

     Karen smiled ruthfully. "Doris's time was up some weeks ago, Sarah and she
has been free for a while now. I had a letter from her at the weekend though,
she is back at her old school now and doing ok she says." Karen's voice dropped.
"I miss her."

     Tracy squeezed Karen's hand. "Hope she doesn't let her work slide, though."

     To Sarah "Doris is a bright girl but sometimes needs to be pushed."

     Sarah looked at Karen. "And you pushed her?"

     "Yes. She's bright but tends to be lazy at times. I think that is how she
got into trouble. She let her brother rule her life. Well he is sentenced to the
collar for three years so Doris should be free of his influence for a while
longer."

     "How did you push her?"

     "I told her she had to produce A-grade results at school or she would go
over my knee. She wouldn't believe me at first, but after the first spanking she
knew I meant business. Her work soon picked up. She was doing well when her
sentence ended. I can only hope she does well in the exams"

     "You really care for her don't you," said Sarah.

     "Yes,"

     The hooter sounded for return to class.

    

     At lunch Tracy and Karen pointed out to Sarah the difference in the
treatment between the 'sadists' and the 'softies'. The sadists had their crims
on the ground, making them eat as they knelt beside their handler's chair,
sometimes out of the handler's hands.

     Sarah watched this for a time then looked at Tracy. "Will you humiliate me
like that?"

     "No, Sarah, although I maybe should have you practise eating like that as
preparation in case your leaseholder does. But I will do it at home, in private.
Your situation is different to all other crims here in that we have to prepare
you for a life of slavery. When you're leased out, it will depend on your
leaseholder what happens to you and how you are treated."

     The next problem was at the end of Lunch break when the hooters signalled
assembly. Sarah looked at Tracy. "Is this when I'm supposed to be caned?"

     "Yes. I had hoped I'd convinced Ms Jefferys no to. Guess I failed. I'm
sorry. Come on, this way. and I hope you can forgive me when I hurt you." Tracy
nodded to Karen (who reached into her pocket - the same pocket Tracy knew that
Karen kept her com in) and the others and headed for the locker room then the
assembly point. There the were joined by the students with the punishment frame
and Ms Jefferys with her cane.

     Ms Jefferys looked at Tracy. "I have decided to treat this crim like any
other crim. She will receive the usual six strokes."

     "As you say, M'am. But don't say you weren't warned when the attacks begin
in the media. You will be seen as pro-child rapist, M'am."

     "Nonsense. And what's more if you don't do your three as hard as mine she
will receive three more from me and you will be replaced as her handler. Anyway
you are clearly wrong about the media or they would be here by now."

     "You fool. They are here." "Yes, M'am."

     Tracy looked at Sarah. "Think you can handle this?"

     "Guess I have to."

     "Yes, I'm sorry. I actually thought Jefferys was a decent, sensible person.
I was wrong. The media will have a good story out of this." Ms Jefferys glared
at Tracy who ignored her. They moved out in front of the assembled school. Ms
Jefferys began to speak. First she gave several announcements regarding relating
to the school and planed sporting activities. Then she turned to the matter at
hand. "We have a new crim starting here today. It has been suggested to me she
be treated differently to other crims. I say no she will have no special
treatment. She is a lawbreaker and will be treated as we treat all other
lawbreakers. She will now receive six strokes of the cane."

     The frame was set up and the students looked at Sarah who draped herself
over the frame. But it was then found Sarah's shackled hands could not be spread
to reach the legs at the corners. However this was solved by using rope passed
between Sarah's hands and secured between the legs of the frame. Ms Jefferys
pulled down Sarah panties, exposing a pair of firm white buttocks which caught
Tracy's eye immediately, positioned herself and raised her cane.

     THERWACK		There was silence both from Sarah and the assembled
school. Ms Jefferys didn't seem to notice at first. Then she swung round and
looked at the students. "What's wrong with you all. COUNT." she shouted. A few
voices replied "One". Then someone called "This is wrong." Another called "Shame
on You Ms Jefferys."

     Tracy had now spotted the camera hovering silently over the assembled
students and hoped it was recording sound as well as action. She stared
fascinated at the bright red line now crossing Sarah's bottom. The Headmistress
swung back to Sarah and raised her cane a second time.

     THERWACK		Some of the students shouted  "SHAME"   The cane rose
again

     THERWACK		A larger number shouted its disapproval "SHAME" Then Ms
Jefferys stepped aside to allow Tracy to take  the position and raise 				
her paddle high.

     WACK	   	   "SHAME" Now the whole school was at it.

     WACK		   "SHAME" All were screaming now.

     WACK		   "SHAME" The last shriek then silence.

     The Headmistress returned to the microphone, her face red. "I see you are
siding with the crims in our midst. What's wrong with you? She's a criminal and
should be punished."

     "No she's not," someone shouted. The call was taken up "NO, NO, NO. until
Ms Jefferys screamed for silence. "Get to class, all of you. You will hear more
on this matter later. GO"

     The school dispersed to class. Tracy was helping Sarah who rose from the
frame with a stifled groan and stood while Tracy pulled up her panties. Then she
helped Sarah from the podium to their classroom. On entering, they were
immediately surrounded by their classmates anxious to ask after Sarah. Some
students also were angry over Tracy's part in the caning. Trac had to explain
about the Headmistress's threat to remove Tracy as handler. It was some time
before the teacher could gain control. It was the same in all afternoon classes.
When the last class ended the pupils streamed out to find the school surrounded
by media. There were reporters and cameras everywhere and students were being
questioned on camera. When Sarah was pointed out, she and Tracy were surrounded
and had to face a barrage of questions. She answered them as best she could.

     "How do you feel about your treatment today?"

     "Very painful, believe me."

     "What do you think of  the suggestion that other students are saying that
it appears that the school approves of rape?"

     "It certainly looks that way to me. After all I am being punished for not
allowing a rapist to have his way with a child, my sister. Now I suppose adults
will try to punish the rest of the school for showing support for me and against
rape." Sarah gestured towards Tracy. "Tracy here actually said as much to the
Head before I was caned. She was trying to point out that by caning me she would
be seen as a supporter of child rape. As you saw the Headmistress ignored Tracy
and went ahead with the caning."

     "And you believe this means that The Headmistress supports child rape."

     "Yes." By now they had reached the prison bus and Sarah climbed aboard.
"I'll see you tomorrow, Tracy."

     "Yes. I hope so. Take care."

     Tracy was now surrounded by reporters. "You  are a friend of Sarah's? What
is your name and what was your part in what happened today? Weren't  you the
student that shared in the caning?"

     "Yes. I'm Tracy Wilson. I'm Sarah's handler."

     "What is a handler?"

     "I'm supposed to look after Sarah and see she gets any help as she settles
into the school. I'm also supposed to see that she doesn't run off or anything
like that. Also if she doesn't follow the rules or makes any trouble, I'm
supposed to discipline her."

     "You mean cane her?"

     "Yes, if necessary."

     "What had Sarah done to deserve this caning? I understand it was hr first
day here."

     "It was. She has actually done nothing wrong within the school. It is a
tradition in this school that all crims are caned in front of the school on
their first day simply as an example to them and to the school. I don't know why
it is considered necessary to do this. I can't see how it can be right. I mean,
punishment for a fault or crime is one thing but punishment for an example only
seems wrong to me."

     That night Tracy related what had happened to her Aunts. They watched the
news and saw the whole assembly business over again. There were interviews with
government representatives who were trying to downplay her statement. Several
students including Tracy's interviews were shown, all supporting Sarah. An
interview with Ms Jefferys was shown in which she defend the practice of caning
new arrivals. The reporter announced that there had been a reaction against the
government as people objected to apparent legalisation of child-rape.

     "Do you think there is any chance todays affair will make any change in
Sarah's situation?"

     "I doubt it. There may be an attempt to curtail the canings, but that's
about all, I'd say."

     "Aunt Elizabeth, may I have Sarah over here for the weekend, please?"

     "Yes, of course."

     "These restraints she must wear, Aunt. Do the regs. specify what type they
must be?"

     "No, only that her actions must be limited in some way."

     "So there is no regulation on their type or the length of chain between
them?"

     "I don't believe so, no."

     "Could we swap the prison set with ones with lining so they won't rub her
wrists?"

     "Certainly."

     "OK. Any chance I could see that contract to read it?"

     "Certainly. I'll dig it out for you."

     "Thanks Aunt."

    

     The next day Tracy greeted Sarah as she got of the bus and showed her the
new 'cuffs she had for her. Sarah waited as the warder removed the prison 'cuffs
and Tracy slipped the new ones on her. "Oh!  Nice. They're lined."

     At lunch Tracy told Sarah about the arrangement for the weekend. Sarah was
surprised. "That is very nice of you Tracy, but why?"

     "Remember I told you you have to be prepared for a life different to other
crims."

     "Yes."

     "What do you know about the types of services a slave, crim or voluntary
has to be ready to supply to their masters and mistresses?"

     "Not much - oh you mean sex."

     "Yes. Before this all happened, were you active sexually, Sarah?"

     "No."

     "No! A pretty girl like you? How come?"

     "I have never had any interest in boys - any boys."

     "How `bout women?," suggested Karen.

     "I wondered `bout that but I was to scared to find out. My family live in a
fairly conservative area. Remember I told you.." Tracy nodded.  Sarah looked at
Tracy and Karen, "Does that mean I am gay?

     "Could be," replied Karen, "Have you ever felt anything for a woman?"

     Sarah was silent for a moment. "I... I'm not sure. Maybe I have without
realising it's meaning."

     "What do you mean," said Karen.

     "The first time I ever had this feeling... this urge to want to be with
another woman in that way was last Saturday in the prison." Sarah was staring at
the ground and her face was crimson.

     "I see," said Karen, "Want to tell us who it was that....  interested you?"

     Sarah shook her head. "Please don't ask," she whispered.

     "All right we won't," Tracy squeezed Sarah's hand. Sarah continued to stare
at the ground.

     There was an uncomfortable silence, then Tracy continued, "The point is
though, Sarah, is that unfortunately you have to be ready to serve anyone your
leaseholder decrees he or she wants you to serve, and in any way they may want.
Especially since you are a pretty girl and will certainly interest men. And if
your lease is purchased by a brothel... well.."

     "I understand. You are saying I have to learn to serve people sexually."

     "Yes. I suppose if it is a brothel that buys your lease, they would have
you trained." Tracy looked at Karen who nodded. "Yes that would certainly occur
in the bigger brothels. There was an article in the news once saying that at
least two of the big brothel chains have there own training schools for new sex
workers."

     Sarah nodded miserably.

    

     On Friday evening Tracy walked over to the prison and found Sarah waiting
for her. She was in a room with other prisoners also waiting for their handlers
to collect them for the weekend. She held out her hands for the 'cuffs and
waited patiently while Tracy slipped them on her wrists and then followed her
out of the prison gate and across the road to the prison governor's house. Tracy
noted that Sarah's eyes were shining and she came eagerly.

     "What are you going to do with me," she asked as they crossed the road.

     "Try and give you an idea as to what your leaseholder could ask of you,"
replied Tracy. She opened the gate and gestured for Sarah to precede her. Once
in Tracy's room Tracy told Sarah to put her bag with her school books and
clothes on her bed.

     "This is all new to me you understand, Sarah. But my Aunts say I should try
to give you an idea of what you would have to do for a leaseholder. It was also
suggested you should be naked for most of the time your here. It will make you
feel below everyone in the house. Do you understand me?"

     Sarah swallowed, :"Yes Tracy. (She swallowed) I.. I'll try. But you will
have to remove these so I can take of my tunic."

     Tracy nodded and produced the key. "These cuffs are different in that I can
remove the chain without removing the cuffs. See? Now strip. Fold your clothes
neatly and put them on that chair with your shoes underneath. That's right. Now
come over here and stand there. Back straight. Hands on your head. Elbows
straight out from your sides. Beautiful. Look in the big mirror, Sarah see what
I am seeing. A beautiful collared girl waiting to serve her owner. Your eyes are
shining Sarah. I think you are enjoying this already, aren't you? You may speak.
"

     "Yes, Tracy I am enjoying this. I don't know how come. I've never thought 
of myself as a  deviant - a sex slave. What's wrong with me?"

     "Down on your knees, Sarah. Yes sit on your heels. Keep your back straight.
Open your legs. Keep your hands on your head. Now, tell me what you see in the
mirror in front of you."

     "I see me."

     "Is that all. Well I see a slave waiting to please her owner. Am I right
Sarah? Are you ready to please your owner- your leaseholder?"

     "I... I don't know. I..."

     "Let's find out then. Up off your heels onto your knees, Sarah. Hold
still." Tracy came round in front of Sarah and dropped onto her knees. She
reached down, brushed Sarah's bushy, untrimmed pussy and then slid a finger
between Sarah's trembling legs and into her slit. She lifted it out and looked
at it. Wet. Only slightly, but wet. She showed Sarah who went crimson and looked
away. Tracy caught Sara's chin in two fingers and gently turned her head towards
her, tilting her head so their eyes locked.

     "That is the first time I've touched you there Sarah. Yet your wet already.
You told me you had never been with a man or woman. Is that still true, Sarah?
Or have you been playing around with the girls in Robinvale?"

     "That is still true, although one girl did try to entice me into her cell.
I said no. I don't know why. She was pretty enough. I just wasn't interested."

     "I see. Right. Keep hands where they are. Stand up." Tracy steadied Sarah
as she awkwardly climbed to her feet. Tracy guided her over to the wardrobe.
"Hands down Sarah. Let's see if you can serve your mistress, which at the moment
is me. Open the door. See those shorts and that top. Bring them over to the bed.
Now undress me, Sarah. Unbutton my top and remove it."

     Sarah undid Tracy's blouse and slid it off her shoulders. She gazed fixedly
on Tracy's firm breasts trapped in their bra. "Put that in the laundry basket
there Sarah." Sarah did so and returned to stand before Tracy. "Now undo my belt
and remove it. Now unbutton my slacks and lower them. Good. Now my shoes." Tracy
sat down on the bed whilst Sarah knelt and removed her shoes and socks and set
them aside. Tracy then stood and stepped out of the slacks. "Hang them up with
the others, there, Sarah. Good. Now dress me. Hold the shorts for me to step
into." Sarah did so, kneeling and holding the shorts as Tracy stepped into them.
"Now pull them up and fasten them." Sarah did so. "Now the top. Hold it so I can
get my hands through the sleeves - that's right. Now over my head. Pull it down
so it is neat. Good. You did that well. How do you feel about it?"

     "It's strange Tracy. I don't feel all that odd about it. Yet it's the first
time I've done anything like that since I stopped having to dress my baby
brother. It's as if my mind is just accepting it as normal."

     "Hmm.. Look this is only a wild idea, but could it have anything to do with
the fact that you were born here and already have some idea of what you are in
for from your readings as you grew up? I've read several stories since I arrived
here written by ex-slaves and ex-crims which describe the type of things they
have to do for their owners. Have you read similar stories?"

     "Yess.. yes I have. You may be right."

     Tracy looked at her clock. "Time to wash up for dinner. You will remain
naked. This way."

     Tracy led the way downstairs into the dining room. "Evening Fiona. Fiona
this is Sarah. Sarah, Fiona is a crim who serves as housekeeper for Aunt Fiona
and Aunt Elizabeth. She is a first rate cook as you will soon see and makes a
wonderful chocolate cake." Fiona smiled and ducked her head at Tracy's
introduction.

     "Ms Tracy is this the girl who killed the rapist...?"

     "Yes, Fiona. What you see is the result of her attempt to protect her
sister."

     "That's not right, Ms Tracy."

     Tracy nodded. "I agree Fiona." The kitchen door opened.  "And here are my
Aunts. On your knees Sarah."

     Sarah sank onto her knees, her face red. Tray stood beside her. "Aunt Freda
you have met. This is my Aunt Elizabeth. Aunts this is Sarah. I'm trying to
prepare her for her new life." Tracy rested her hand on Sara's shoulder. Sarah
immediately lent towards Tracy.  "She has coped well so far this afternoon,
though you would probably say I haven't pushed her very hard."

     Aunt Elizabeth came forward and touched Sarah on the cheek. "Is Tracy being
to hard on you Sarah?" she asked gently.

     Sarah looked up at the Magistrate, her face red her, eyes moist. "N.. no
M'am. Not really. It's just all so new and well... humiliating."

     Aunt Elizabeth nodded sympathetically. "Try to accept it dear. That is what
we are trying to do here. Help you to convince yourself it is normal. If you do
that then the feelings of humiliation will end or at least reduce because it is
normal to you. It's not as if what will happen here is new, Sarah. All the crims
face the same things during there sentences. It's just that for you it will go
for a longer period. I wish there was some way we could ease it foe you but the
only way to prepare you for this type of life is to give you a controlled dose
now. At least it is controlled and not unlimited as it will be eventually."

     "I understand M'am. Thankyou for the trouble your going to. I do appreciate
it, even if I can't like it."

     Aunt Freda looked at Fiona. "You can serve now Fiona."

     "Yes M'am." Tracy indicated to Sarah that she should take the chair beside
her.

     After dinner Tracy and Sarah returned to Tracy's room.

     "Sarah have you had any interest in any of the so-called sexual fetishes? I
mean things like bondage, pain, suspension, S & M, that type of thing?"

     "I was curious when I first became aware of them, yes. But never enough to
try them. I told you my family and the people around us are very conservative.
Why?"

     "Because if you think of it,  your new life is similar to some of those
fetishes. Except that they'll never end. If you think of life in that context,
maybe it will be a little more bearable. What do you think of those people who
volunteer for the slave chain? There are a few students wearing them you know.
You must have noticed some of them. What is your  opinion of them?"

     "I think that if that is what they want then good for them."

     "You notice how some of the students seem to like to taunt then because
they have chosen the chain. Did you ever do that - or weren't there any slaves
in your old school?"

     "There were, but not many. And I never had anything to do with them."

     Tracy produced her handcuffs and 'cuffed Sarah's hands behind her. She then
added ankle shackles.  "Kneel Sarah. That's right." Tracy now connected Sarah's
hands to her ankle shackles. Next she produced a telescopic spreader bar and
connected it with straps to Sarahs legs just above her knees so she could not
close her legs.

     "Look straight ahead and tell me what you see, Sarah."

     "I se myself, Mistress. I am chained and helpless. W... what are you going
to do to me, Mistress.?"

     "You will soon see." Tracy fetched a chair and placed it behind Sarah. She
sat down side on to and behind Sarah and tilted her head and tilted it back
until it was lying in Tracy's lap. Tracy looked down on Sarah's face. She noted
that Sarah was quite calm. "I wonder where you got these lovely blue eyes from." 
"Mother probably. Father's were brown." Tracy slid her right hand down Sarah's
chest and down to her right breast. She ran her fingers lightly over the breast
and circled the nipple several times. "That's nice," said Sarah. Tracy's fingers
continued on to the left breast and circled it several times. Finally it reached
the left nipple itself and gently pinched, twisted and pulled it. The hand
slipped back and forward across from nipple to nipple. Sarah began to breath
heavily. Tracy stroked Sarah's cheeks and forehead with her other hand. "This is
very nice." gasped Sarah. Tracy now reached lower down, sliding her fingers
lightly over Sarah's middle, slowly circling round her belly button until the
fingers reached it and slid in, tickling gently. By now Sarah was moaning
softly. "Please Mistress, stop. I'm getting excited."

     Tracy lent over and kissed Sarah on the forehead  "You know you have no
choice in this my Sarah," growled Tracy. "Now say what you should have said, my
girl, say 'My mistress can do what ever she wants with me.' Go on. Say it."

     "My mistress can do.. do what ever she wants with me." whispered Sarah, her
eyes fixed on Tracy's face.

     "Much better," said Tracy softly. She slid her hand lower and slowly
running her hand through  Sara's thick pussy. The fingers went lower and touched
the top of the opening hidden there. She slid a finger in.

     "Why Sarah, You're rather wet here," said Tracy, "What have you been doing
to cause that, hmmm?"

     "My mistress has been doing whatever she wants with me," murmured Sarah.
The answer was followed by a groan as Tracy slid her finger into the hole and
wriggled it slowly. "Please mistress noo.." moaned Sarah. Tracy replied by
slipping a second finger into Sarah's hole and going deeper into her. She slid
her fingers in and out several times, watching Sarah rise closer and closer to
orgasm. Sarah gasped "Mistress I think I going to.." Tracy removed her fingers.
Sarah wailed "Noo! Please mistress let me cum pleaseee..." Tracy brought her
hand to her mouth and tasted it. "You taste nice Sarah," Tracy bent and gave
Sarah a peck on the forehead. "That's for tasting so nice." she whispered.
Tracy's hand resumed its circling of Sarah's right nipple. Sarah moaned softly.
Tracy watched as Sarah slipped back from orgasm. Tracy then sent her hand
slipping slowly down across Sarah's middle and back into her pussy where she
gently stroked and tugged the thick bush. Finally she slid a finger back into
the waiting hole and resumed its slow exploration. Soon Sarah was showing
distress as she rose to the edge again. Tracy, (who by now was aware she was
rather wet herself) decided to end the torture and moved her fingers faster
until Sarah finally went over the edge into orgasm. Sarah's body thrashed away
from where Tracy sat an fell onto its side. Tracy slipped down onto her knees
and released the clip holding Sarah's hands to her feet, allowing Sarah to kick
out her legs. Tracy then unstrapped the spreader bar from Sarah's knees. Tracy
took Sarah into her arms and held her. Sarah's head rested on Tracy's breast
while she recovered from her orgasm.

      Sarah finally lifted her head and to Tracy's surprise, kissed her on the
cheek. "Thankyou Mistress Tracy," she said, her voice sounding soft but normal,
"That was beautiful. Thankyou so much," Sarah rested her head on Tracy's
shoulder and looked calmly up at her face. "May I service you now mistress?"

     "Yes. Stay there." Tracy went over to the bed and turned down the covers.
She then stripped and returned to Sarah. "Up you come." Tracy helped Sarah
(who's ankles were still chained together) over to the bed. Sarah heaved herself
onto the bed the bed and wriggled over to the end. Tracy climbed onto the bed
and settled down on her back. Sarah, up on her knees, moved into position
eagerly. She stretched herself over Tracy but without her hands to aid her
almost lost her balance. Tracy caught her shoulders and steadied her then
lowered Sarah until she could reach Tracy's breasts with her mouth. Sarah began
to kiss and lick Tracy's breasts, working around the breast in continuous
circles until she reached Tracy's nipple. Already the breast was tingling and
Tracy was starting to feel the results. Sarah moved over to the other breast and
repeated her actions. Before she had finished, Tracy knew she was getting
excited - and wet.

     Sarah slowly worked her way down Tracy's body, licking and kissing and
nipping continuously. She blew air over Tracy's neatly trimmed triangle and then
slowly ran her tongue around Tracy's crack. Sarah nipped the insides of both
legs until she reached the waiting love hole. She slowly ran her tongue long the
sides of the hole, nipping the lips of the hole and flicking her tongue over the
clit. By now Tracy was on the brink. Sarah eased back, making Tracy seethe as
the chance to pay her back became available. Sarah slowed her licking and went
back to slow licks around Tracy's hole while Tracy tried not to moan in
frustration. Then Sarah resumed her attentions on Tracy's clit, taking it into
her mouth and sucking it. Hard. This sent Tracy who went over the wall into
orgasm. When Tracy finally came back to her senses she lay gasping for a time,
staring up at the ceiling. When her breathing returned to near-normal she looked
for Sarah. Sarah was lying on the ed at her side gazing at Tracy's face with a
look of total adoration. Tracy gazed back at her as her breathing slowed. Then
she reached out and drew Sarah into her arms, hugging her tightly. "That was the
most incredible thing that has happened to me, " he whispered and kissed Sarah.
Sarah eagerly pressed her body against Tracy's, her hands still shackled behind
her. After a moment she looked at Tracy. "What's wrong with me Tracy? I should
hate this idea of being a slave. I did hate the idea when I was first brought to
Robinvale. But now I don't seem to mind, especially when I'm with you."

     "Perhaps it's your mind conditioning itself to the idea," said Tracy
thoughtfully. "If you fight it you could probably stop it. But if you do you may
then have constant battles with yourself to face whatever your leaseholder wants
of you. That would probably end up in your being punished for bad service
because your leaseholder will say you have a bad attitude or something. Of
course I'm probably wrong about this. I'm no psychologist."

     ""It would be interesting to ask one though," said Sarah softly.

     "Maybe we can. I'll se if either of my Aunts know a psychologist."

     Sarah looked at  Tracy. "May I ask you a question Mistress?"

     "Sure."

     "Is it at all possible that you could buy my lease? Could I be your slave
since I have to be a slave?"

     "It's possible, certainly." replied a startled Tracy. "My Aunts have
already said they would let me have a slave. But you don't really know me yet,
nor I you. We have only just met.  There are six weeks before school ends for
this year. We will be together at school and you will come here each weekend. If
we both still want each other by the time school finishes, then I'll buy your
lease. You should use the time we're apart during the week to think.  To decide
whether you want to stay with me or risk going on the shop floor. We have much
to learn about each other and we have six weeks to find out if we are right for
each other. Right now I feel I would love to have you at my side for life. But
I'm all worked up and I expect you are too. Remember we are talking life here. I
want you, yes, but only if you want to be with me. When you are in Robinvale
during the week you can think over what we do and how I treat you and decide
whether I am the  one you want to serve. Also remember that while I'm allowing
you the choice, there will be no choice when it comes to being chosen to be
leased out by others."

     "Thankyou, Mistress. I'll do that. But I think you have just shown that you
are the one I want to serve since serve I must."

     "Aunt Freda has told me that people choose their slaves for various
reasons. Beauty, age, skills and also length of lease. Leases aren't always for
the full length of the crims sentence. The price of a lease is fixed at a low
amount - Aunt Freda said it was probably to get the largest number of crims out
of the gaol as possible since leased crims are no longer a drain on the prison
budget. Short term leases are actually dearer if you base it on time served.
Also some crims are never leased simply because their sentences are to short.
Those younger than 15 must go to school anyway  I certainly hope we both still
feal this way about each other in six weeks," Tracy yawned, "Oh. Sorry. I think
its lights out time. Tomorrow, weather permitting, I will take you shopping. You
will be in your tunic and have a carry bag on your back. You'll be on a leash
too." She grinned as Sarah started to yawn too. Tracy reached for her key and
released Sarah's hands and feet.  A few minutes later all was quiet as the two
naked girls curled up in each others arms and entered the land of dreams.




A Slave for Tracy

     Part 3.

     When Tracy woke  next morning she was briefly startled when she realised
she wasn't alone in the bed. Then she remembered the previous evening and turned
to look at Sarah. Sarah was sleeping on her side facing Tracy. Her face was at 
peace as she slept. Tracy reached out and slowly ran her finger over Sarah's
face, gently following the curves of her cheek. Sarah's face slowly developed a
gentle smile as she felt Tracy's finger. Tracy continued to stroke her crim and
Sarah slowly opened her eyes. She looked sleepily at Tracy and smiled.

     "Hi sleepyhead," said Tracy softly.

     "'morning Tracy. I've just had a odd dream. It was weird - a bit
frightening, in fact."

     "Tell me."

     "Well, I was with you. My hands were chained behind my back and we were in
the main mall. You were leading me by a leash and I was totally naked. Yet I
felt no shame. Even although there was people all about us I didn't feel shamed
or humiliated for being nude. How could that be? And you said you wouldn't do
that to me. You won't will you?"

     "I told you I won't and I keep my promises, Sarah. But if your own attitude
changes and you ASK me to show you off like that, then I may do so. But only if
you ask. OK?"

     Sarah caught Tracy's hand in hers, blinking back tears, "Thankyou Tracy. I
don't know what made me dream of such an idea. I can't see myself  actually
wanting to be displayed like that." Sarah  took a deep breath. "What are we
doing today?"

     "This morning we will be going into the city. I have shopping for Aunt
Elizabeth and also for myself. You will be with me in your tunic (Tracy smiled
there and Sarah returned the smile). 'fraid you'll have to wear your chains and
a leash. You will have a carry bag on your back for the shopping. That will be
in the morning. We'll come home for lunch then I thought we could go look at the
local history museum. You've been there, I suppose (Sarah nodded) but I haven't.
We have that paper to do for Ms Forester, remember."

     "I remember. I can probably tell you which of the displays that will help
with  the paper. Then could we go to the main city library? There is a book I
want for that paper also. I can copy some info onto my disk."

     "Fine. But look, would you rather not take your main disk? It has
everything on it I suppose? Your personal data and your school work?"

     "Yes we can only have one disk in the prison. Some girls think it's funny
to take our disks and then we loose our schoolwork as well as our personal data.
I have a download of my trial on my disk also and now its getting full."

     "You can leave your main disk here. Use this disk to collect data for your
paper. Tonight you can work on your paper. You can use a PC here. No trouble."

     Sarah glanced over at Tracy's desk where her laptop lay. "But you will be
working on your own paper, won't you?"

     "It's OK. I have a couple of spare PC's."

     "Spare PC's!"

     "Aunt had me bring all the computer equipment we had as a family. One of
Dad's clients couldn't pay in cash so he paid in kind. He was a salesman selling
second-hand PCs and as a result we all got laptops. I've removed the old data.
You can use one at the table there with me tonight."

     "Thankyou Tracy. You know you could probably sell those spare laptops if
you ever need money."

     "Actually, I can't. Leastways not yet. When we cleared customs we found the
rules said you can bring in only one laptop each and one extra. Aunt Elizabeth
had to sign an undertaking that that the extra laptops wouldn't be sold for five
years, otherwise we would have had to pay extra duty on them."

     Tracy slipped an arm around Sarah and hugged her. "Time to get up Sarah."
Tracy slid out of bed and stretched. "I'm going to the bathroom. Pull up the bed
and then lay out my jeans and blue shirt that's hanging in the robe. Underwear
is in that drawer Lay out your tunic and underwear also but don't you dress. If
you finish before I get back, I expect you to be kneeling by the bed with your
back straight and your head down. Got that?"

     "Yes Tracy."

     "Good." Tracy gave Sarah's shoulder a pat and headed for the bathroom. She
was soon back after using the toilet and shower. She found Sarah kneeling as
directed. Her clothing lying on the bed. "Good work, Sarah. You go have your
wash now. But you will remain naked until after breakfast. Off you go." Tracy
watched as Sarah headed for the bathroom, admiring the way her bottom wiggled as
she walked. She found herself thinking of things she would like to do with Sarah
as she preceded to dress herself.

     On Sarah's return, Tracy smiled at her. "Hungry?"

     "You bet." Tracy led the way downstairs. During the meal Tracy noticed
Sarah was less conscious of her nudity before her Aunts and Fiona. Aunt
Elizabeth gave Tracy the shopping list. "You'll be home for lunch?"

     "Yes Aunt. Then we would like to see the History museum. We have to do a
paper on the early settlement. Sarah's going to show me the part of the display
she thinks covers the question. She also wants to go to the main library.
They're next to each other aren't they?"

     "Yes. Is Sarah going as she is?"

     "No. I promised not to do that unless she agrees."

     "Good. (To Sarah) You don't deserve this, dear. Off you both go then."
Tracy and Sarah headed upstairs. Sarah dressed and Tracy found her carry bag
which Sarah slipped on her back. Tracy then picked up the handcuffs. To Tracy's
surprise Sarah dropped onto her knees and held out her hands while Tracy snapped
them on. She remained kneeling while Tracy clipped the leash on the collar.

     In answer to Tracy's surprised look, Sarah said, "I have to learn to be
submissive and for some reason submitting to you doesn't feel humiliating. It's
as if it's right. I don't know why." She blushed, as did Tracy.

     "Thankyou for that." Tracy couldn't think of anything else to say.

     Soon they were walking towards the bus stop. This was Sarah's first outing
after her sentencing. (not counting school) Tracy could see Sarah was a bit
self-conscious of the people they passed who stared at her prison tunic, black
collar and chained hands. While on the bus Tracy could hear whispered
conversation in which Sarah was clearly the subject. She took Sarah's hand and
squeezed it reassuringly and was relieved to feel an answering squeeze. On
leaving the bus they headed into the shopping centre and began their shopping.
Tracy noticed there was some staring at Sarah's black collar from the counter
staff but no comments. Tracy saw other men and women in the street in brown
collars, some wearing prison clothes, others in ordinary clothes. She saw other
men and women wearing slave chains also. At one time while crossing a mall, they
passed a little crowd which was watching a man in a brown collar being caned on
his bare butt by another man. Standing to one side, watching impassively was a
woman with a brown-collared female crim on a leash, who stood with her head
down, a bulging carry bag on her back. Tracy noted that Sarah looked away from
the scene.

     Later while leaving a shop Sarah's name was called. Turning around Tracy
saw Sarah's face light up and next minute she was heading across the room to the
caller. Tracy called sharply after her. "Sarah, come back here." But Sarah
ignored her. Tracy followed Sarah up to the group and found herself being
introduced to some of Sarah's old school friends. Tracy put on a smile and
actually found them to be quite nice people, but inside she was angry. When her
friends finally moved off Sarah turned to Tracy. But the shine in her eyes began
to fade as she saw Tracy was clearly angry. Tracy led the way over to a seat and
told Sarah to sit down with her.

     "Sarah are you always so forgetful? Haven't I made it clear that you have
no longer the right to do what you just did? I'm very disappointed in you."

     Sarah was clearly surprised. "What did I do wrong? Their my friends. I
thought you liked them."

     "I did. That's not the point, Sarah. You can't run off like that whenever
you want to any more. You have to remember you are under the control of some-one
at all times. You disobeyed me when I called you back. And you didn't ask
permission before you ran over to them. I'm afraid its the paddle for you when
we get home, Sarah. Do you understand me?"

     Sarah's face had fallen as Tracy spoke and Tracy's heart was wrenched as
the shine left Sarah's eyes and the head went down. "Yes Tracy, I see what you
mean. I forgot about all that in the excitement. I hadn't seen Alice and Wendy
since before my trial. I'm sorry. It won't happen again, I promise. And yes I
understand, I must be punished. H.... how many strokes of the paddle, Tracy?"

     By now Tracy had calmed down. "Since it is your first time, I can be
lenient. One stroke for failing to obey and one for failing to ask permission.
Two strokes, Sarah. If there is a next time, it will be more, of course." Sarah
nodded and sat quietly while Tracy re-attached the leash she had earlier
removed. Sarah was quiet as they finished the shopping. They stopped at a fast
food place for a cold drink  They took their drinks to a bench seat in the mall.
Tracy removed the chain from between Sarah's wrists and told Sarah she could
remove the carry bag while they sat with their drinks. Tracy slipped an arm
around the miserable Sarah who lent into the hug immediately.

     "I'm sorry Tracy." Sarah was blinking back tears, "Please forgive me. I
don't care how many strokes you give me. Just tell me you forgive me please."

     "I forgive you Sarah. I realise this is new and hard for you. I know it
would be for me. Just remember to think before you do anything from now on. OK?"

     Sarah laid her head on Tracy's shoulder. "Yes Tracy. I'll try. Thankyou."

     As they finished their drinks they were joined on their seat by an angry
faced woman with another woman on a leash. The woman on  the leash wore a simple
tunic, sandals, a brown chain around her neck and had an empty carry bag on her
back.

     "Off with the bag Grace. NOW!" snapped the free woman as she sat down.

     "Yes mistress."

     "Over my knee, girl."

     The slave draped herself over her mistress's knees and lay still. The
mistress flipped the slaves tunic up, exposing a pair of well shaped buttocks,
lifted her hand and bought it down hard. A red mark appeared on the snow white
buttocks and an accompanying gasp was heard. The hand rose and fell four times,
by which time the bottom was quite red.

     "I hope that will teach you to remember to do as you are told, girl. On
your knees. Move it." The slave slid off her mistresses lap and knelt
submissively with her head bowed. The woman sat back and looked around as if she
was noticing her surroundings for the first time. On seeing Tracy and Sarah, who
had both sat fascinated during the spanking, she smiled apologetically. "Sorry
if I disturbed you. I just don't like holding off when punishment is deserved, I
prefer to apply it immediately instead of waiting until we get home."

     "I see," said Tracy, "Err.. Does she usually need much disciplining?"

     "Rarely, actually," replied the woman, "This was a rare lapse." The woman
seemed to look closely at Sarah for the first time. "A crim I see. Is she
dangerous? How come  she is in a black collar?"

     "Not usually, no." replied Tracy with a smile.

     "Aren't black collars usually worn by dangerous crims?"

     "Dangerous or lifers. Sarah is a special case. She is a lifer, recently
sentenced but not considered dangerous."

     The woman looked puzzled for a moment, then her face cleared. "You called
her Sarah. Wasn't that the name of the schoolgirl who was sentenced recently for
killing her sister's rapist? Is she...?"

     "Yes," said Tracy quietly, slipping an arm around Sarah.

     " My husband said your's  was one time the courts got it wrong. You should
not have been charged with any crime, he said. How are you coping, Sarah?"

     Sarah smiled sadly. "Alright I guess, Ma'm. I'm still learning to deal with
my changed situation."

     "They treating you alright?"

     "Not to bad. Tracy here has been very good to me. So have most of the other
crims too as well as the warders."

     "Most of the crims and warders realise Sarah should not be in prison, you
see, Ma'm," explained Tracy.

     "I see. Well, I hope things go well for you, Sarah. Now I must be off. On
your feet Grace." The woman started off across the mall almost dragging her
slave after her.

     Tracy watched her go. Then her she realised Sarah was looking over her
shoulder at something else. Following her gaze Tracy was astonished to see a
woman wearing a brief leather skirt, brief leather top, and knee-high leather
boots. A half-cape completed her outfit, on which was displayed the words
'Frederica's'. She was leading six naked women chained together by the neck 
through the mall. "What is that about," Tracy wondered allowed.

     "Frederica's is a well known chain of brothels," replied Sarah, "This is
probably an advertising stunt for them. Brothels often do something like this to
'display there wares' you might say."

     "I see." Tracy glanced at Sarah and noticed she was clamping her legs
tightly together and her hands were fisted tightly. as she stared at the naked
women. Tracy looked back at the women. She noted that of the six only one was
showing any sign of discomfort at displaying herself in public. She was trying
to cover herself with her hands and walked with her head down. The other five
were quite calm - even proud to be displayed in this way. They walked proudly,
thrusting their breasts out and wiggling their hips. One slave actually spotted
someone she knew in the watching crowd and waved to him happily.

     Sarah looked at Tracy. "I suppose there is a possibility that I could be
displayed like that if my lease is bought by a brothel." Her face was strained.

     "Quite possibly, Sarah. You are a very beautiful girl. I'm sure men would
desire you.... Hey I'm sorry, that was thoughtless of me. I wasn't trying to
hurt you." Tracy pulled Sarah close to her in a tight hug as Sarah eyes
overflowed. Sarah took a deep breath as she struggled to regain control.
"Sorry," she whispered as she clutched Tracy and rested her head on Tracy's
shoulder. "Tracy I'm scared. I've never wanted to be a slave, yet I'm getting
odd feelings as if I would LIKE to be one. I've always thought of myself as an
independent person, yet I now find myself wondering if I'd actually LIKE to be
used in that fashion. To be displayed and used like those girls are. What's
happening to me?"

     "I'd say what's happened to you is bringing up to the surface emotions you
have never allowed to appear because your life until now allowed you to suppress
them," replied Tracy softly, "I'm only guessing here, but because you had a so
called 'normal' life before your arrest, you never thought of the possibility of
being in the situation you are in, so these new feelings were never considered
by you. But now you HAVE to consider them and the result is these new desires.
Perhaps a visit to a psychiatrist would help."

     Sarah was silent for a moment then sighed. "I don't think a shrink can help
me, Tracy. I just have to somehow accept that I am going to be somebody's sex
toy. But I'd rather belong to one person, Tracy, than to be part of a brothels
'wares'. I think I've accepted that I prefer women. That was something I was
beginning to realise before this trouble started. Now I appear to like the idea
of being somebody's possession and I have no say as to who that person will be."
Tears silently trickled down Sarah's face and Tracy felt her heart sink at the
sight of them. Her arms tightened instinctively around Sarah.

     "Have you considered the idea of being MY possession, Sarah?" she said
softly, "I've already told you I will buy your lease if you want me to." Tracy
gently pulled Sarah's hair with her  right hand so that her head was tilted back
enough to allow Tracy to see her eyes. With her left hand Tracy produced her
handkerchief  and wiped Sarah's tears away. Sarah managed to produce a sad smile
for her. "Sorry I'm such a cry-baby," she whispered.

     "You're not. You are just having to make a lot of changes in your thinking
all at once." Tracy gave Sarah a final squeeze then she stood up and drew Sarah
to her feet. "Its time we headed back." Sarah nodded and slipped the carry bag
on her back again then held out her hands while Tracy attached the chain. Tracy
took up the leash and they headed off. But it was a subdued pair that made its
way home.

     On arriving home they went straight to the kitchen where Tracy once more
unfastened the chain from Sarah's cuffs so Sarah could remove the bag from her
back. Tracy waited whilst Sarah emptied the bag for Fiona to put away, then
Tracy took her upstairs and  told her to strip. Tracy fetched her mothers paddle
and came and sat on the chair. She gestured at her lap and Sarah silently draped
herself over Tracy's lap. Tracy steadied her with her left hand on Sarah's back
and gazed down at the white bottom displayed before her. She raised the paddle.

      "Ready Sarah?"

     "Yes."

     THERWACK  Sarah gasped. Tracy paused to inspect the wide red line across
the white 			buttocks. She raised the paddle again.

     THERWACK  Sarah gasped again. Tracy put the paddle down and gently helped
Sarah off 			her lap and onto her knees. Instinctively, Sarah
reached round to rub her 			bottom, but Tracy stopped her.

     "No, Sarah, you must not touch yourself there." Tracy slid onto her knees
before Sarah and took both Sarah's hands and drew her into a hug, crushing her
tightly. "Please remember to think before you do anything in future, Sarah," she
said quietly, "I don't like hurting you, but I will punish you whenever you
deserve it. Understand?"

     "Yes Tracy. Thankyou."

     Tracy helped Sarah to her feet and led the way downstairs where lunch
awaited them as did a round eyed Fiona who had heard the paddle strokes and
stared at Sarah curiously as they seated themselves for their meal. Afterwards
the girls went back upstairs to prepare for the trip to the museum. Sarah
dressed while Tracy put the needed recording equipment into the carry bag. After
Sarah had donned the bag, Tracy again attached the chain between the cuffs on
Sarah's wrists and the leash to her collar and they set out.

     At the museum, Sarah took Tracy straight to the displays she thought would
aid them in writing their paper and the two girls began taking notes. Tracy was
conscious that Sarah was very quiet and had been since the incident in the mall.
After getting the information for their essay, they were headed for the exit
when Tracy spotted a sign directing people to 'Display of Ancient Punishment
Methods' (Not Recommended for Children). "What is that about Sarah," she asked
her companion.

     "I don't know," replied Sarah, I don't remember it from my visit last year.
It must be new."

     "Let's have a look."

     On entering the room they were confronted with sights of horror. Scenes
depicting people being burnt, stretched on racks, hung, crucified, and
decapitated. There were scenes showing people suffering the pains from hot
irons, water torture, ripping out of fingernails and cutting off of limbs.
Scenes of caning and whipping were included as were scenes of people in chains
being sold at auction. Finally Tracy checked the time  and they headed for the
exit and the library.

     Tracy looked up at Sarah as they left. "What did you think of that, Sarah?"

     "It was awful. How could they do such terrible things to each other? Hot
irons on the hands. Branding irons. Horrible. Yet it seems it was normal at
various times in history if that display is to be believed."

     "Yes," Tracy changed the subject, "Are you looking forward to the trip to
the Landing Site with the class next week, Sarah? The stuff in here was
fascinating but I want to see the rest of it to at the Landing Site."

     "I've been there once when I was younger," replied Sarah, "Its interesting
but you have  to walk a distance since the government has left the site alone as
much as possible. Trouble is the place is infested with Ripgrass. You know what
that is don't you?"

     "I've read of it but not seen it. Its toxin can be fatal if not treated,
right?"

     "That's right. Its sensible to wear long trousers and long sleeves where
its found. Since we crims are stuck with these tunics, we will have to be
careful." Sarah's voice was flat.

     "Is there an antidote for the toxin?"

     "Yes. It's in the form of a spray you just spray over the scratched area.
If you do it immediately its OK. If not and enough of the stuff gets into your
blood, you can end up with a form of blood poisoning which can be fatal. "

     "Ms Forester didn't mention the grass. I wonder if she knew it is there. It
could have been removed since you were there, I suppose. This antidote - is it
sold over the counter?"

     "Yes."

     "Then we'll go see how much it is. Maybe I'm being paranoid but I just have
a feeling we may need it. There will be 30 girls plus teachers there and
accidents can happen. Some smart-aleck may push someone into a bush or
something."

     As they approached the library Tracy spotted some familiar faces. "Sarah
look..." 

     "I see  them. Eve Henderson and Julie Kendall with Linda and Belinda."

     As they approached the door to the library, Eve Henderson call to them.
"Getting stuff for Forester's paper, Wilson?"

     "That's right. You got yours I take it."

     "Sure thing. How's the famous killer going? She being a good girl? have you
caned her yet, Wilson? You are always so protective of her at school."

     "She doesn't deserve to be a crim, Eve. What would you do if you came
across your brother or sister being raped? Would you just watch because you
would be afraid to protect her since you may end up in the collar yourself?"

     "She's a crim and that's what counts," retorted Eve sulkily.

     Tracy looked at Julie Kendall who was digging into her carry bag. As Tracy
watched Julie drew a paddle out of her bag and set the bag down. She turned to
face Belinda who was standing with her head down.

     "Bend over and grab your ankles Belinda, hurry up now," she said sharply.

     Belinda looked around at the curious passers-by, "Please Mistress not here,
please..." she begged.

     "You've just earned yourself two more strokes girl. It will be six now. Any
more arguments and it'll be eight."

     Silently Belinda  bent over and clasped her ankles as Julie moved round
behind her and  proceeded to flip up Belinda's tunic exposing her prison issue
black panties which she pulled down to her knees. Then, positioning herself ,
she raised the paddle and brought it down on the waiting snow-white buttocks.

     THERWACK		Tracy heard Belinda gasp and glanced at Sarah. She was
staring 				fixedly ahead of her obviously trying to
ignore what was happening.

     THERWACK		Tracy looked around. Some passers-by had stopped to
watch with 				mild curiosity on their faces.

     THERWACK		One passing woman had stopped and was standing with her
legs 				tight together and a hand over her mouth.

     THERWACK		Tracy heard Belinda gasp then sob for the first time.

     THERWACK		Tracy saw that the woman with her legs together was
bighting her 				fingers as she watched the punishment
being administered..

     THERWACK		Sobbing softly, Belinda drew up her panties and
straightened up 				while Julie put the paddle away.
Belinda then shouldered the bag.

     "What was the reason for that punishment, Julie?" enquired Tracy.

     "She was slow at finishing her work in the library and held us up."
answered Julie Kendall. Julie and Eve now moved off down the street followed by
the two crims. Tracy noticed that the woman with her legs together was now
walking slowly off, still with her hand in her mouth. Tracy looked at Sarah.
Sarah was staring down at the pavement and did not move until Tracy touched her
shoulder. She then jerked at the touch and looked round at Tracy. "You OK,"
asked Tracy softly.

     Sarah took a deep breath and sighed. "I will be I guess."

     Tracy put her arm round Sarah and steered her up the stairs into the
library entrance. Sarah was soon immersed in the book-disk she wanted. She
slipped the disk Tracy had given her earlier in the slot on the reader pc she
was using and began to copy down the paragraphs she wanted for her paper. Tracy
was soon doing the same. After they had both got what they wanted for their
essays, they headed home, stopping off at a chemist for two spray-cans of the
antidote for the Ripgrass toxin.

     On arriving home, Tracy steered Sarah over to the bed and they both sat
down. "Want to talk about it?", she asked quietly.

     "About what,? Sarah replied.

     "About whatever is troubling you," answered Tracy, You've had something on
your mind since that business outside the library."

     Sarah hesitated looking down and wringing her hands. "I ... I don't know
what's wrong with me," she replied softly, "As I watched Belinda being paddled I
began to get this wish that I was the one being punished. I wanted it to be you
punishing me. This picture appeared in my mind of you paddling me in the middle
of the street and it made me start to tingle. What's happening to me, Tracy? Am
I turning into a true slave.? I never had any of these feelings before all this
happened. Now I'm getting these ideas of wanting to serve you as a total slave.
I want to be totally yours. I want to kiss your feet and do anything you say. I
know I'm in love with you Tracy, but all these odd ideas are appearing in my
head of being your slave. Just yours, nobody else's. If you think I'm stupid,
I'll understand," she sniffed, her tear filled eyes fixed on the floor.

     Tracy was stunned for a moment, her mind a confused jumble of ideas. Sarah
loved her! She knew she had feelings for the other girl but she had not known
how Sarah felt towards her and so had tried to suppress them. But now she knew
Sarah returned the feelings. Tracy took a deep breath. "Sarah, you are not
stupid. I think these ideas you are getting are from your own mind reacting to
your new situation as I said before. And anyway, I love you too. And I want you
to be with me forever. I wish we could change that collar for a chain, because
then it would be truly you belonging to me instead of you belonging to the state
and leased to me. But we have to work with what we have, my love, and I
certainly want you to be mine forever. I want you to be kneeling naked beside my
bed every morning ready to greet me by kissing my feet. I want you to be ready
at all times to obey my every command and if I have no orders for you then I
want you to be kneeling beside my chair waiting for my call. I never had these
ideas before I came to Camelot and met you, Sarah. Believe me, you are not the
only one who is going through a change!"

     Sarah was now looking at Tracy's face with tears slowly trickling down her
cheeks. "You mean that? You do love me? You don't think I'm silly?"

     No, honey." Tracy pulled Sarah into a tight hug, and kissed her. "In fact
I'm glad you told me all this. It makes me more sure you are the one I want with
me for life. But for now I guess we should be getting ready for dinner." Tracy
unclipped Sarah's leash. "You can expect to spend more time on the leash or
chained up now I know you want to be with me," she whispered, "I won't have you
wandering off - or more importantly, someone else snatching you away from me."
Sarah rubbed her forehead on Tracy's arm happily, then began to help Tracy out
of her jacket. Fiona would soon be calling them for the evening meal.

     During the meal, Tracy told her aunts what Sarah had said about Ripgrass
and of buying the antidote. "Aunt Freda, isn't it possible to allow the
prisoners to wear other clothes on this outing? Clothes that protect them from
this grass? Sarah says all you need is long sleeves and long trousers, and
gloves. have you seen this Ripgrass yourself, either of you?"

     "Yes we have, Tracy," replied Aunt Elizabeth, "The reason you have not seen
it is that for obvious reasons it is not allowed to grow in the city. However it
is quite common in the country. I'm glad you remembered it Sarah. (Sarah flushed
at the praise) As to clothing.." Aunt Elizabeth looked at her sister
enquiringly.

     "There is no rules preventing prisoners wearing protective clothing when
necessary," replied Aunt Freda, "The prison department simply insists that
prisoners be identifiable at all times, hence the uniform. Trouble is we don't
have trousers and shirts in stock It may be safer if they didn't go. Has your
teacher said anything about Ripgrass in class? Has she warned you about it?"

     "No Aunt, it was Sarah who told me of the Ripgrass. Ms Forester said we
needn't wear school uniforms and trousers and shirts were recommended. That's
all she said."

     "And you say the site is infested with it, Sarah."

     "Yes M'am. As of last year, that is. And since the government announced
that it will leave the site in a 'natural state', well..."

     "Yes. Well, the thing to do is find out. On Monday I will contact Tourism
and ask about the condition of the site. As for clothes, I'm afraid the prison
can't help there. How many of the students going on this outing are prisoners?"

     Tracy and Sarah looked at each other. "Errr... four I think Aunt, including
Sarah."

     "Give me their names. I can give them a letter to give to their handlers
saying that it's OK to get them protective clothing. But they will have to get
their own. Trouble is this trip is next Thursday, correct?" Tracy and Sarah both
nodded. "Then there's not much time to prepare."

     "Perhaps we can com them tonight, said Tracy thoughtfully. It's only three
people we have to speak to and you have their names and address on file at
Robinvale, don't you Aunt?"

     "Yes. Good idea. I'll find you the com addresses and you two can make the
calls. Tell them I will give them a letter authorising the crims  to wear other
clothing for this trip. If you can speak to them tonight they have Sunday to
organise."

     "Fine," said Tracy. She looked at Sarah. We must get something for you
since nothing of mine will fit you. Tomorrow we go to the clothes store for a
shirt and jeans."

     "Don't waste money on me Tracy," protested Sarah, "Perhaps I could com
Mother, ask her to send my clothes here. If that's all right with you, M'am."
Sarah looked at Aunt Freda.

     "Certainly." Aunt Freda headed for the nearby terminal. "I'll get you those
addresses."

     -----

     "Well, that's done. But I 'm not sure whether Julie Kendall or Eve
Henderson or Patricia Harris	will do the right thing for Belinda or Linda or
Sharon. I guess we will find out next Thursday." Tracy sat back from the com
unit. She looked at Sarah who was working at her homework. " Now, Do you still
want to com your Mother?"

     "Yes, Tracy. I don't want you spending money on me. If you let me com
Mother maybe she will send me a pair of my jeans and a long-sleeved shirt."

     Tracy got up from the com-unit. "OK go ahead. It would make things easier
certainly."

     Sarah took Tracy's place at the unit and punched in her mothers number. The
face that appeared on the screen was a younger version of herself.

     "Sarah! Great of you to call. Are you all right? HEY MUM! SARAH'S ON THE
COM."

     "I'm fine, Sue. Everything is fine. How's yourself and Mum?"

     The face on the screen fell. "Mum's fine but I don't like the way David
looks at me when we are alone. I'm scared of him Sarah."

     "You stop saying things like that Sue, or I'll give you a hiding. Now move
aside, please, I want to talk to your sister." A new face appeared on the
screen. It was an older version of Sara's with worry lines etched in it and with
short hair. The blue eyes peered out at the world with uncertainty. "Hello
Sarah, this is not the usual time you call. Is anything wrong?"

     "No nothing wrong Mum. I just wanted to ask if you could send me my jeans
and that long sleeved blue shirt to Robinvale, please. I'm going with my history
class to the Landing Site and we think it may have Ripgrass there. Could you do
that please?"

     "What you think you can expect me to drop everything and send you things at
the drop of a hat? No girl I will not. I have enough trouble with the neighbours
thanks to you and your stories as well as the ideas you have planted in Sues
head that David will hurt her. You are where you are because of your lies and
your own action, girl and I want nothing more to do with you. Good bye." The
com-screen went dark as the connection was cut.

     Sarah sat still in shock at her mother's tirade. Then she felt a hand on
her shoulder and let herself be guided from the chair and over to the bed where
she was enfolded in a big hug and held tightly, her body shaking as she sobbed
onto Tracy's shoulder. After a moment the door opened and Aunt Freda stood
there. "Something wrong here?," she asked. While still holding Sarah Tracy
explained what had happened. Aunt Freda was shocked. She came and sat down
beside them.

     "Perhaps she was upset over something, Sarah. I'm sure she wouldn't mean
what she said."

     "Oh. Yes she does, Ma'm." sobbed Sarah. "She has never believed Sue was
raped because it sounded 'to terrible' to her. That is what she said. She
ignored the evidence as it came to light and was angary when Father spent our
holiday money on getting the use of a Truth Light to prove the case the first
time. All she thought of was our lost holiday. I don't know why she had
children. She doesn't really care for us. Father did more than she did. I'm
sorry, Ma'm. I shouldn't worry you with my problems. She won't send over my
clothes. so I guess I will have to go  as is and hope for the grass to be cut
back. Or something."

     "Not  necessarily," said Aunt Freda thoughtfully, "The reason I came up
here was to tell you that there is a second hand charity clothing shop only two
blocks from here. We could try there tomorrow and see what they have. OK?"

     "What do you think, Sarah?" Tracy squeezed her companion.

     "That would be better than wasting money on new stuff," replied Sarah. She
looked at Aunt Freda. "Thankyou, M'am." Aunt Freda patted her on the knee and
stood up. "How 'bout you two get onto your homework?" she smiled as she left the
room. But out in the hall she frowned. *How could a mother treat her child like
that*. she wondered. *What sort of a woman , a mother, could do that?*

     -------------

     Tracy peered out the skybus window as the vehicle lowered itself to the
ground. The area looked clear enough to her, but then she had not yet seen this
Ripgrass. She glanced round at the other students as they prepared to disembark.
Most of the free students were in long slacks or jeans, but not all. Some and
only some had long sleeved shirts on with the sleeves rolled up. And all the
other crims were in their usual prison tunics which left arms and much leg bare.
Sarah was wearing the long sleeved shirt (with sleeves rolled up) and jeans they
had found at the second-hand shop. Her hands were chained as usual. Some of the
girls had sneered at the subject of the grass as had the teacher. *Looks like
they would be proved right although the report Aunt Freda had got from the
authorities had said their was some around. Still...*

     "Line up girls ," called Ms Forester briskly, "Right, off we go." she led
the way up the track. The undergrowth became denser as they went and began to
hang over the track. They were well on their way when there was a scream from
one of the lead girls. "OWWW... Ripgrass, damm it."

     Tracy looked sharply at Ms Forester. the teacher moved quickly to the girl
who had screamed and was now holding her arm and moaning in agony. "Let me see
that, Sharon. Perhaps I can wipe it off. Did it break the skin.?" So it was
Sharon Granger who had been ripped. "Damm. And I didn't put the antidote in my
bag."

     Tracy pushed forward through the line of students. "Here M'am. Let me in
there. I have the antidote spray." She pulled the can from her back-pack and
shook it. Ms Forester looked up and saw the can in Tracy's hand. "Good for you,
Wilson. I'll hold her arm steady. I know it stings Sharon now keep still, girl."

     "I'm  trying, M'am. But it hurts." The teacher tightened her grip and
Patricia Harris came up and gripped Sharon firmly. "Be still girl or its the
switch for you." she said. Surprisingly, Sharon seemed to calm down somewhat at
Patricia's voice.

     Tracy held the spray close to the red line on the arm and pushed the
button. A pale yellow narrow spray came out and Tracy directed it over the long
shallow cut covered with the green slime from the grass. Sharon sighed audibly.
"Oh. Thankyou. That's easing of already. Thanks Tracy. Guess you were right
after all."

     Ms Forester released Sharon and looked around. "Alright girls, calm down.
Everybody into the centre of the track in single file. That should keep us away
from the Ripgrass. Right. Forward march." The line of school-girls moved off.

     It took about 15 minutes to reach the site. What remained of the old ship
was visible but there was much overgrowth over the wreck. Tracy recalled why
there was so little interest in preserving the sight. The settlers had in fact
been convicts. This wreck had been the ship carrying several hundred convicts to
another planet for imprisonment but had struck trouble and had made a crash
landing on what was now Camelot. However this beginning was not remembered with
any pride by the citizens and many wanted to forget the real beginning of
settlement here. Hence the allowing of the planet to reclaim the site. Tracy was
quickly bought out of her musings by another scream. she swung round.

      Belinda Hodges was sprawled on her belly in a bunch of Ripgrass, scratches
on arms and legs beginning to bleed, mixed with green slime from the grass.
"That will teach you to obey orders, girl," snarled Julie Kendall.

     Tracy ran to the fallen girl followed closely by Sarah. The two girls
helped the sobbing Belinda away from the Ripgrass. They both reached for their
spray cans, Sarah awkwardly fumbling because of her chains. Tracy paused and
pulled her keys out of her pocket. "Sarah, hold out your hands a moment". Sarah
held out her hands and Tracy unlocked her cuffs. She pushed them into her bag
and returned her attention to Belinda's right leg while Sarah did the left.
Belinda was covered on both legs and her left arm and on her face also by
shallow red scratches that had green slime all over them. Sarah had to be very
careful as she sprayed the ones on her face. Tracy had to push Belinda's tunic
up to get at the scratches that went high on her thigh. Ms Forester strode up.

     "How did this happen, Belinda?" asked Ms Forester.

     "She pushed her, that's how. It was deliberate, M'm," came from another
student.

     "Shut your mouth, Edwards," snapped Julie Kendall.

     "Is that true, Belinda?"

     "Yes M'am." said Belinda through gritted teeth.

     ":Then you will have to pay for your folly, Julie Kendall. As a handler you
are responsible for your crim. For her actions and her safety. Since it is clear
you do not care for your crim's safety you are not suitable to be a handler. I
will be recommending that you be dropped from that position," Ms. Forester spoke
firmly.

     Julie Kendall stared at her. "You can't do that. Damm it. She's only a
crim. Who cares what happens to crims?"

     "I can and I will. And from what you are saying it is clear you are not
suitable to be a handler. It is your own fault, Kendall. How is it Belinda?"
Tracy and Sarah silently moved away after helping Belinda to her feet.

     "I'll be alright, M'am. Thanks to Tracy and Sarah." Belinda was covered
with scratches on both legs and arms as well as two on her face. The red
scratches now covered in yellow spray.

     "Right," said Ms Forester, "Now then Kendall come here. The teacher was
rummaging in her capricious bag. She drew out a paddle. Julie Kendall's mouth
opened and she stared at the teacher.

     "You're not serious, surely", spluttered Julie Kendall in astonishment.

     "I most certainly am. This is both for your actions with Belinda and your
rudeness to me, girl. Bend over."

     "But.. but she's only a crim." spluttered the girl.

     "A crim she may be. That doesn't mean you endanger her life, Kendall. And
Ripgrass venom can kill. You know that, don't you... DON'T YOU?"

???"Yes M'am." whispered Julie.

     Sarah had been standing quietly beside Tracy, but now she walked over and
stood in front of Julie. She pulled open her shirt and tapped her black collar.
She stared at the girl a moment then turned and walked back to her place beside
Tracy. Julie Kendall went pale.

     "H... how many M'am?" she whispered.

     "Ten. Six for what you did to Belinda and four for your rudeness to me.
Prepare yourself."

     Julie silently removed her pack then unbuckled her belt and pushed her
jeans down followed by her panties. Then she bent over and grasped her ankles.
Her buttocks were now presented for what was to follow.

     "You will count each one Kendall.

      "Yes, M'am".

     Ms Forester raised her paddle.

     THERWACK   "One."

     THERWACK   "Two."

     THERWACK  AWW... "Three."

     THERWACK  AWWWW... "F.. four."

     THERWACK  OH.. AWWWWW.... "Fiv... ve."  Julie's knees almost buckled. Ms 						
Forester paused a moment to let the girl steady herself.

     THERWACK  AWWWW... "Six."

     THERWACK  AWWWW.. "S.. seven,"  Julie's legs bent slightly then
straightened.

     THERWACK  AWWWW.. "Eight... " It was a sob now.

     THERWACK  AWWWWWW.... "N... nine"

     THERWACK  AWWWWWWW... "Ten" Julie Kendall sobbed and fell to her knees, 					     
crying. Ms Forester turned to put the paddle back 						
in her bag.

     There was an awkward silence amongst the students which Tracy finally
broke. "Ms Forester is it OK to look inside the ship?"

     "Yes. I believe it is safe."

     Tracy and the rest headed for the open hatch of the old ship. Inside they
made a discovery. There were old chains and manacles hanging from the walls.
Tracy stared, fascinated. "Then it is true. This ship was carrying convicts. The
first settlers here were convicts."

     "Don't say that out loud in public, though," said Sarah, quietly, "Or you
may be attacked. Some families don't like to be reminded of this."

     "That's true, Tracy. It's probably why there is no interest in preserving
this site." came the voice of another girl.

     "I see," replied Tracy. The girls explored the old ship from bow to stern,
some including Tracy, produced cameras and took photos. Exploring the ship took
more than three hours after which they sat down outside and ate the lunches they
had bought with them. Tracy noted Julie Kendall was sitting apart from the rest,
she was talking to Eve Henderson. Belinda Hodges was sitting with Linda Watts,
Eve's crim, near to where Sara and herself sat. After  the meal they explored
the remains of the first buildings put up on the planet. There were several
other calls for the spray as the students explored. Finally it was time to head
back to the place where they were to be met by the skybus and head for home.
Tracy noticed that Belinda Hodges sat away from Julie Kendall on the trip back
to the city.

     That night Tracy told her aunts of the days happenings. Aunt Freda was very
angry about the way Belinda Hodges had been treated. "I'm glad your teacher is
going  to recommend a change of handler there. If there isn't a change I'll
insist on it. I don't know how people can treat each other the way they do at
times," she sighed, "Let me know what happens there, Tracy."

     "OK Aunt."

     Next morning at the school bus-stop when Tracy collected Sarah she noticed
Belinda was taken up to the office by Ms Forester. Tracy assumed this was the
first move in appointing a new handler for Belinda. However, at morning break,
she was surprised to see Belinda following Julie Kendall and carrying her books.
Tracy could see the fear in her eyes. Julie spotted Tracy and Sarah and came
over to gloat, "Forester thought she  would have it her way, didn't she, Wilson?
Well it pays to have friends in high places. My Father is on the city council,
so there. Forester has no right to tell me what to do with my crim," Julie
turned to Belinda, "And just you wait until I get you home tonight for the
weekend, girl, then you'll get what's coming." Belinda paled and lowered her
head. Julie Kendall strode off followed by a subdued Belinda.

     Tracy stared after them then headed into a quiet corner. "Shield me while I
make a call." she told Sarah. She produced her com-unit and dialled a number
while Sarah moved to block anyone from seeing Tracy with her body . "Morning,
Auntie. NO I'm fine and so is Sarah, but you said to keep you posted on Belinda
Hodges. It appears Julie Kendall's father is on the city council and has the
pull to persuade Ms Jefferys to leave Belinda with Julie. Julie was with Sarah
and I just now, gloating over her father's powers and threatening Belinda with
harsh treatment over the weekend. She will be along to collect Belinda tonight
as usual. .. OK... See you tonight. Bye." Tracy looked at Sarah as she pocketed
her com-unit. "Aunt Freda will block them tonight when people come for the
girls." Sarah nodded.

     "Hey Tracy, Sarah, look at these."

     "Coming Pat."

     That night, as she had been doing each Friday evening lately, Tracy crossed
the road to the prison and was passed in to the room in the admin section where
those crims going to their handler's home for the weekend were bought for
collection. As required, she had just snapped her cuffs on Sarah when they heard
angry voices.

     "What is the meaning of this? My daughter has been handling this crim for
some months now. Why do you suddenly say she is unfit to be a handler?"

     Tracy glanced at Sarah and both moved quietly to where they could hear
better.

     "Mr Kendall it has come to my notice that your daughter treated the girl in
her charge brutally while on a class outing. She deliberately pushed her into a
patch of Ripgrass where she was badly scratched. When she was checked by our
doctor on her return she said if Belinda hadn't immediately had her scratches
treated with antidote she would probably have died. That was how badly she was
scratched. And since it is clear pushing her into the Ripgrass was a deliberate
and malicious act by your daughter, I have no hesitation in cancelling her
handler status." Aunt Freda's voice was polite but firm.

     "Nonsense, it was an accident, she told me so and my daughter doesn't lie."

     "Doesn't she? Look at these pictures and tell me it was an accident, Mr
Kendall."

     Tracy was conscious that all other sound in the room had stopped as other
crims and warders listened.

     "I.. I there must be some mistake."

     "I think not. Those photos clearly show your daughter pushing Belinda
Hodges into the Ripgrass. Look, she went into that grass head first. Fortunately
there were girls there who had bought the antidote and they used it. Also if her
eyes had been cut she would have been blinded. Dr Jenkins says there would have
been enough venom in those cuts to kill if it hadn't been for the fast
application of the antidote.  These pictures would have put your daughter in
here for life Mr Kendall."

     "Well girl what have you got to say for yourself? You told me it was an
accident. Those photos show you deliberately pushing her into the 'grass."

     "So what, Father? You said yourself that she is only a crim. Why care about
her now?"

     "I said she is only a crim NOW. If you were listening to me girl you would
recall I also said then that she was a good cook and could probably hold down a
job in a hotel kitchen. Anyway girl, you will come with me. It is my belt for
you when we get home."

     "No, Father, No" Julies wails faded away father and daughter left the room.

     Aunt Freda came into the room Tracy and Sarah and the other crims and
warders were. "I suppose you all heard that, did you?" There were an embarrassed
murmurs of assent.

     Tracy went up to her aunt. "Thankyou Aunt. I know many people don't care
about prisoners. They forget they're also human beings."

     Aunt Freda gave her a quick smile. "Yes. People do forget that at times."
She looked around. "You and Sarah ready to go?"

    

     That night as they finished the evening meal, Aunt Elizabeth, who had been
rather quiet, spoke up. "Err.. Sarah I 'm afraid I have two pieces of bad news
for you."

     "For me M'am." Sarah who was sitting naked as usual next to Tracy, looked
at Aunt Elizabeth.

     "Yes. I know you have been looking forward to leaving Robinvale at years
end, well I'm afraid you won't be able to."

     Tracy gasped, "Why not Aunt? What's happened?"

     "Then it's true, Liz?," said Aunt Freda.

     " Yes. It appears, Sarah, that you come under an old ministerial regulation
introduced more than fifty years ago, that says all black-collar crims have to
spend twelve months inside before they can be leased out. Since Sarah has only
been in for about a month, well." She shrugged.

     "Oh, No," said Tracy. Sarah just bowed her head in silence, tears trickled
down her cheeks.

     "Hey it's mot that bad," said Aunt Freda gently, "You will still have your
weekends. Also you can be leased for the holidays you know. You will be out of
Robinvale for nearly three months."

     "True," said Tracy, "It won't be so bad." She slipped an arm round the
disappointed Sarah. "We will cope with it somehow love."

     "I'm sorry I've but you all to such trouble.. " began Sarah.

     Tracy stoped her with a finger on her lips. "You are not trouble. You are
my girl and you are not trouble." Tracy pulled Sarah close, then paused and
looked at Aunty Elizabeth. "You said two pits of news, didn't you Aunt?"

     "Yes. It's concerning another old court ruling you should know about Sarah.
Because your a black-collar the usual limits as to punishment don't apply.
Usually the leased crim has some limits on what can be done to them. For example
their bones cant be broken nor can they be killed by their leaseholder. That
sort of thing. Well those rules don't apply to you Sarah. Whoever owns your
lease owns your life. I'm sorry." Sarah's face had gone white.

     "Aunt that's awful. How can it be? Surely you're mistaken."

     "'fraid not, Tracy." Tracy sat in shock her arms around Sarah.

     "Aunt," she said slowly, "Is this always told to the leaseholder when they
lease out a black-collar?"

     "I don't know," replied Aunt Elizabeth, "Freda?"

     "No it is not. Nor is it on the lease papers, come to think of it."

     "But it does mean that if a leaseholder killed a black-collar, say in a fit
of rage, they would not be punished."

     "Yes".

     Abruptly Tracy stood up and went to the window. She stood there in silence
for a minute then turned and faced Sarah. "Honey, if the idea of being bound to
someone with this sort of power over you scares you - and it sure would scare me
- and you would rather try for a leaseholder who doesn't know of this, well,
I'll understand. I won't object. Do you understand what I'm saying, Sarah?"

     Sarah was sitting in her chair staring at Tracy. Her mind was spinning,
trying to sort out all that had been said in the last five minutes. she was
stuck in Robinvale for the next 12 (no, 11) months. "Whoever holds my lease
legally has the power of life or death over me. It means I will belong totally
to my leaseholder. Just as the slaves of ancient times had. Their owners had
that right too. But if my leaseholder gets angry over something, never mind
what, she could kill me with impunity. What if the person got drunk and lost
control?" Sarah looked up at Tracy. "I  can trust Tracy." She was sure of that.
Her gut told her so. "I love Tracy and Tracy loves me." She was sure of that
too. "No Tracy, I want to stay with you. If I have to be a slave let me be yours
if.. if you want me,  I mean."

     Tracy was across the room in an instant and grabbed the naked girl into her
arms and crushed her to her chest. "Of course I want you. But You deserved a
choice." Tracy eased back and tilted Sarah head up so she could look into her
eyes. "I hope you never regret your decision, honey. Because I'll never give you
another chance. You are my girl and that's final." Tracy looked 'round at her
aunts who were watching them, both faces showing approval. "If you don't mind
ladies, Sarah and I have homework and study to do. Exams in a few weeks, you
know."

     "Well there is just one more thing. This is a family matter really. Tracy,
did you know you had a cousin Frederica?"

     "No".

     "It's true. Actually she is probably really a second or third cousin. Any
way she wants to meet you, both of you. She is aware of you to Sarah. She wants
to meet you too. She is something of a celebrity, is Federica. She is the
managing director and main shareholder in the chain of brothels named
'Frederica's'. You may have heard of it."

     Tracy and Sarah looked at each other. "We saw a woman leading a string of
girls from Frederica's in the mall last Saturday." replied Tracy, "I would like
to meet her. When can we meet?"

     "I thought you would be," said Aunt Elizabeth, "I told her after the exams.
You will see her and her brothels when school ends. Now off you go."

     Tracy and Sarah left the room arm-in-arm.

     --------------------------------------------------------

     End Part 3.

words 9619




A Slave for Tracy

     Part 4.

     "Next case," Magistrate Elizabeth Philips leaned back in her chair in her
courtroom and sighed. *Will crime ever be defeated?* she wondered, *We have
probably the harshest judicial system in all the settled worlds but crime is
still as bad here as on those worlds that have much milder punishment systems.
Oh well. Here we go again.*

     Elizabeth sat forward and surveyed the group of men and women who stood
before her as her clerk shuffled his papers. There were three men and two women.
All but one had the attitude of' 'been here before, I can take it. ' The one
that was quivering with fear was a woman. And that woman's face looked rather
familiar too. *Where have I seen her before?*  The Court clerk rose to his feet.
"Your Worship it is alleged that on the night of November 16 David Alfred
Hawkins, Samuel George Reading, Kevin John Hawkins, Helen Natile Hawkins and
Helen Doris Hawkins, did conspire and attempt to rob the main vault of the
Harris St. branch of the Camelot Savings Bank. During this robbery two bank
guards were killed and two others wounded. David Alfred Hawkins and Helen Natile
Hawkins are also charged with one count of murder each, Your Worship and Samuel
George Reading and Kevin John Hawkins with one count of attempted murder each.
Helen Doris Hawkins, wife of David Hawkins is an employee of the Bank, and is
charged with aiding the planning of the by stealing security information about
the vault.

     "Thankyou Mr Duffy. Mr Kendall."

     "Thankyou Your Worship. The People ask for no bail be allowed Your Worship.
All bar Helen Hawkins have long criminal records with violence and Samuel
Reading is a shuttle pilot. He also owns a lease on a small shuttle and it is
believed he was to take the loot and his companions to renvois with a tramp
starship now in orbit. If they are granted bail they may abscond. When we bring
them to trial before Your Worship the police will bring evidence that will show
clearly that all this is correct."

     "Thankyou, Mr Kendall. Mr Gregory, isn't it?"

     "Yes Your Worship. I appear for the accused. Your Worship there has been a
terrible mistake made here and we ask for bail for all the accused so that they
may return to their places of employment while this error is sorted out. I also
add Mrs Hawkins has a teenage daughter who needs her mother.

     "Hmmm.... Ms Hawkins are you the mother of a Sarah Dutton who was convicted
of the murder of a rapist some time ago?"   

     "Errr... Yes, Your Worship," Helen Hawkins was clearly surprised at the
question. As was the rest of the court.

     "Then I must excuse myself from this case. Bail is denied to all but Ms
Hawkins.  Her bail is set at $5,000.  Next case" *I must call Freda at next
break*

     ------------

     Tracy walked quickly up to the entrance to Robinvale Prison. It was five
o'clock. Time to collect Sarah. HER Sarah whom she loved dearly and who she
hoped one day to have beside her for life. She smiled happily at the gate guard
as she accepted her visitors badge from him. "Happy school's over Ms Tracy?" he
asked politely.

     "You bet. Now Sarah can start showing me around this planet - or around the
city at least." she replied cheerfully.

     She went in to the admin section where she always collected Sarah each
Friday evening. On entering she found most of the crims that were going home
with their Handlers waiting eagerly. Most that is, but not all A few were
sitting despondently to one side. They were going to the girls who were called
'Satanists' at school because of the harsh way they treated their crims. However
recently one Handler had gone too far and had nearly killed her crim. She had
been dropped from the Handler programme as a result. Tracy noticed Sharon
Granger was not with the despondent group, but standing in the centre of the
room with other crims. However she was dressed in her street clothes, not her
prison tunic. Tracy recalled how Sharon had reacted to Patricia Harris when she
(Tracy) was trying to treat Sharon's Ripgrass cut.

     Tracy went up to Sarah who's face had lit up as she spotted Tracy entering
the room. Tracy felt her heart pound as she saw the smile. God, how she loved
this girl. Sarah had her bag of spare clothes and personal items with her as had
the other crims. Tracy hugged Sarah tightly. "Ready to go, honey?"

     "Oh, Yes," breathed Sarah. But as they turned towards the door, someone
blocked their path.

     "Excuse me, you two. Tracy can I speak to you a minute?" Sharon Granger was
polite and Tracy wondered what she wanted. She had had no contact with Sharon
(except for the Ripgrass incident) since Sharon had tried to get Tracy into
trouble months ago. Sharon had been sentenced to a month in gaol and had been 
'handled' by Patricia Harris. The sentence must now be up.

     "Sure Sharon. I take it you finished here? Your time is up?"

     "Yes. And before I go I would like to tell you I'm sorry for what I did. I
hope you may one day forgive me. I don't know how I could have done what I did
to you. But I am sorry. I know it's not much but it is true."

     Tracy was surprised. She had assumed Sharon would be bitter at her time in
gaol. She held out her hand, "That's OK Sharon. I hope all goes well for you.
Will you be returning to our school next year or moving else ware?"

     "Not sure yet. Mother hasn't said yet. She has another month to serve. For
now I'm just going home with Father. Here he is now." A burley dark haired well
fleshed man in a business suit had joined them. He did not look happy. Sharon's
greeting of her father was cool. "Good Evening, Father. This is Tracy Wilson and
her crim Sarah Dutton." Tracy shook hands with Sharon's father. He did not offer
to shake Sarah's hand. His greeting was polite but abrupt. Clearly he wanted to
be gone.

     "Good Evening, Ms Wilson, nice to meet you. You ready to go, Sharon?"

     "Yes, Father." Tracy watched as the two left the room. There was no warmth
between them that she could see.

     "He's a cold one, Tracy."

     "Yes." Tracy snapped the 'cuffs on Sarah, then slipped an arm round her.
"Let's go."

     As they left the room, Tracy's name was called. A warder beckoned to them.
"Ms Tracy will you and Sarah go to the Governor's office, please. The Governor
wants to see you both."

     "Certainly," said a surprised Tracy.*Wonder what Aunt Freda wants to say to
us that can't wait until we get home?*

     "Come in, both of you." Aunt Freda was sitting behind her desk which had
several files on it. There was silence for a moment. Tracy got the distinct
impression that her usually calm and confident Aunt was lost for words. but then
Aunt Freda continued, "Sarah this really concerns you not Tracy but I see no
reason to hide what will probably be on the news anyway. Sarah, your mother was
arrested earlier today along with your foster father and others in relation to
an attempted robbery at the Harris St. branch of the Camelot Savings Bank last
night in which two guards were killed. They appeared before Elizabeth this
afternoon. Your mother was bailed but not the rest. One of the others was a
woman. Come and look here. Is there anyone there you recognise?"

     Tracy watched in sympathy as Sarah turned a shocked face towards the screen
Aunt Freda indicated. It showed a group of women that had just been delivered to
the prison from various courthouses across the city. "Yes, M'am. The tall one in
leather. She is David's sister. She doesn't like me or Susan but was always nice
to Mother. What happened M'am? How could my mother be mixed up in a robbery? I
know she works at that branch of the bank but how could she be involved in a
crime? She's practically dumped me after what happened."

     "At the moment I know no more than what I've told you, Sarah. Perhaps
Elizabeth will be able to tell us more when she gets home. You two be off now.
I'll be over when I've finished here. Off you go."

     Tracy put her arm around a shocked Sarah and gently steered her out of the
Governor's office and out the prison gate. They walked in silence to the
crossing and over the road to the Governor's house. There they were greeted by
the crim housekeeper Fiona. Tracy sniffed appreciatively as they entered the
house. "Yum. You've done it again Fiona."

     Fiona flushed with pleasure as she held the door for them. "You are easy to
please Miss Tracy. I can't thank your Aunts enough for giving me this chance."
However Fiona's eyes were on Sarah. "Errr.. Sarah, on the news.."

     "We know Fiona," Tracy cut in quickly. "Aunt Freda just told us."

     "Oh Good," clearly Fiona was relieved she did not have t be the bearer of
bad news.

     "We'll go upstairs and clean up Fiona. Be down shortly." Tracy guided Sarah
to the stairs and they began to climb. Sarah said nothing until they entered
Tracy's room. Only then did she seem to come out of her shock, set down her bag
and turn automatically and begin to undo the buttons of Tracy's shirt. Tracy
stopped her. "I'll do that. How 'bout you see if you can com your Mum or Susan,"
she said quietly.

     Sarah looked gratefully at her, "Thanks Tracy." She sat down at the table,
pulled the com unit closer and punched in her mother's home code. The call was
answered by Susan. A very worried and red-eyed Susan who was clearly happy to
see a friendly face. "Sarah, thank goodness you've called. You know, I s'pose.
It's awful. The police have been here and searched the place. Everything is in a
mess. Mum just got home. She's all upset. I don't know what to do."

     Sarah spoke soothingly, "That's OK Sis. Is Mum there? Put her on. You go
get dinner ready." Susan gave Sarah a sort of half-smile, nodded and vanished to
be replaced by her mother.

     "Hello, Sarah. I take it you have heard the news. It sure travels fast.
Well it looks like you were right after all. I've been a total fool and now I
will have to pay for my stupidity. I had no idea this was what they planned. I
know now this was what Alf was planning all along. He admitted today he only
married me to get in close with me and trick me into giving him the access code
to the vault. Do you think you will ever be able to forgive me?"

     "Of course I forgive you, Mum. Mow have you seen a lawyer?"

     "Yes. A Mr Gregory is appearing for us. He is one of Alf's friends. He said
I should keep quiet. He said if I am not quiet I will probably go to prison,
probably for between 25 and 30 years as an accessory to murder or something. My
career in the bank is ruined. Oh.. it's terrible. What will happen to me?"

     Sarah looked at Tracy. "Can I go see Mum tomorrow?" she whispered. Tracy
nodded.

     "Sure."

     "What was that, dear?"

     "Tracy said I could come and see you, Mum. I'll be along tomorrow with
Tracy.  Now don't worry. We'll see this through somehow."

     "I'll see you tomorrow then, Sarah. Thanks for calling." The screen went
dark. Sarah sat there for a moment, her head bowed, gathering her thoughts. Then
she felt a hand on her shoulder. she looked up into Tracy's concerned face.

     "You OK?"

     "I will be I guess. Sorry about all this. I know it messes up your plans
for tomorrow."

     "Never mind that. We can go another day. How did your Mum appear to you.?
How is she coping?"

     "Not well. And I think she has forgotten Susan."

     "I see. Well there is nothing we can do until tomorrow. Better get ready
for tea. I think I heard Aunt Elizabeth come in just now." Sarah nodded, stood
up and began to undress.

     "... so you see Sarah it appears your mother was being coned from the
start. David Hawkins never had any love for her. He was simply using her home as
a base to organise his raid and at the same time prise all the knowledge of the
bank's security system she had out of her so as to get into the vault.
Unfortunately for him the bank used the 'twin system' style security system
where there is always two separate systems double-checking each other. Your
mother knew this of course but she never had any knowledge of the other systems
passwords or their keys. Also she never told Hawkins of the second system,
probably simply because the subject never came up. Hawkins apparently spent
hours with your mother slowly getting all the information she had without
raising her suspicions. The police are quite satisfied she had nothing to do
with the murders but the prosecutors are under pressure from both the
government, media and the bank. It appears that vault also holds some military
or government secrets as well as private boxes and of course, money.
Unfortunately for your mother, Hawkins claims she was in on the plot from the
beginning and supported it all the way. He says she was to join them on the
starship and they would go live on the pleasure world Paradise. Unless it can be
proven otherwise, Sarah, your mother could go down for a long time."

     "I... I see."

     "You mean the court will take the word of a known criminal and murderer
over a person with no previous convictions, Aunt?" asked Tracy in surprise.

     "It could, given the other evidence - that they could only get as far as
they did with Sarah's mothers help, Tracy. It certainly sounds plausible when
you think of it."

     "I see. Well, there is one thing we have we can use if Sarah's mother is
telling the truth. The Truth Light. If she gives her evidence under it at least
the court will know she is speaking truth."

     "That's true," said Aunt Freda, "Although you remember, Tracy that you will
have to allow Hawkins and Co. to give their evidence under it too. If they want
to, that is."

     "I understand, Aunt," replied Tracy. She looked at Sarah who was gazing at
her with tears in her eyes.

     "Y... You would let Mother use your Light, Tracy?" she whispered.

     "Certainly, hon. You can tell her tomorrow," Sarah wrapped her arms around
Tracy and hugged her tightly. Tracy returned the hug. Tracy slowly rubbed
Sarah's naked back as she looked at her Aunts. "If the Light proves Sarah's
Mother to be an innocent party will she still have to go to prison?"

     "I'm afraid it's possible," replied Aunt Elizabeth, "I haven't seen all the
evidence. But I understand there are papers she signed that tie her in with the
crime possibly without her knowing it. She apparently paid for equipment they
used in the break-in. I don't know what else they have. But it's enough to make
George Kendall very happy."

     "Kendall," Sarah and Tracy chorused.

     "Yes. He is the prosecuting attorney. Why. Do you two know him?"

     "No, not him," answered Tracy, "But his daughter is in our class. She was
the one who lost her Handler status after she pushed Belinda into the Ripgrass.
He was not pleased that she had lied to him. Do you remember Aunt Freda? (Aunt
Freda nodded) Julie has been pretty quiet since then. So her father is
prosecutor for this case. Is he good, Aunt?"

     "Very good. If he can prove your mother was knowingly in with the others,
Sarah, he will."

     "Do you think it would be better for Sarah's mother to plead guilty to
being an accessory or not guilty to all charges, Aunt Elizabeth?"

     "To early to say, Tracy. The police are still sifting through the
evidence."

     "When are they next to appear in court, Aunt Elizabeth?"

     "Not until next February. That is when the prosecution confirms the list of
charges and they will have to give their pleas of guilty or not guilty."

     "Ms Elizabeth, if Mother wants to plead not guilty and use the Truth Light
should she have a lawyer of her own?"

     "Yes, Sarah it would be better. The same lawyer could represent all parties
but there may be a conflict of interest here. Yes she should get a lawyer of her
own. There is probably not much more we can do at the moment. I suggest when you
see your Mother tomorrow, Sarah tell her about the Truth Light. Tracy, you'd
better tell her about its workings and remind her that anything in her past
could be brought up also and confirmed as true also." Tracy and Sarah nodded.

     "Now, don't forget that on Monday you meet cousin Frederica," said Aunt
Freda as the two girls left the room. "We wont, Aunt," called Tracy, as they
began to climb the stairs.

     Next day they took the bus to where Sarah's family lived. Along the way
they went through a very affluent suburb. The homes mostly were set back from
the street and had high privacy fences around them. Tracy saw bonded people
following their bondholders in the street. Some were totally nude while others
wore brief tunics or just wrap skirts or kilts that left the upper body bare.
Tracy also noticed some 'slaves' male and female had rings in their nipples. She
commented on this to Sarah.

     "The rings usually mean they're long term slaves. Some owners like to have
coloured chains or ribbons running between the rings. Some businesses that rent
out slaves have signs or placards hanging between the nipple rings and their
neck chain or collar. Much like you have your company logo on your vehicle
door."

     Tracy pointed to an odd sight. "What is the reason for that?" There was a
girl, naked but for a brown chain round her neck, standing with her back to a
gate. Her hands were chained together and bound to the gate above her head so
that the girl was displayed beautifully to those passing by. Further along a
naked boy was displayed in the same manner.

     "That house has probably just got that slave. She is being displayed to
show off the families taste in slaves. Also if she is new to slavery it is a way
to strip her of her inhibitions, I believe. Sometimes at weekends you'll see
people -both boys and girls- going along the streets just to look and feel the 
displayed slaves."

     "Feel? There allowed to touch the slaves?"

     "There is usually no-one there to stop them."

     "I see.... I hope that's ALL they do?"

     "During the day, yes. But some families leave a slave out there at night as
a punishment. You can guess what happens then."

     "I see".

     As Sarah reached for the bell, Tracy stopped her and removed the chain from
between her cuffs. On pressing the doorbell, the door was opened by a young girl
who on happier occasions would be called a blond bombshell but now her pretty
face showed nothing but misery. However on seeing who the visitor was, she
launched herself at her with the shout of 'Sarah' and was immediately enfolded
in a fierce hug by Sarah. This was followed by the introduction to Tracy and all
went inside.

     Wendy Harris was sitting at the kitchen table as Susan led Sarah and Tracy
into the room. Tracy hung back as Sarah greeted her mother. The greeting was a
sedate one compared to the way Susan had welcomed Sarah. "Hello Mother, how are
you feeling?"

     "Hello Sarah, come to say 'told you so' have you? Because I see now you
were clearly right. I've ruined my career- my life -by my foolishness. I suppose
I'll end up in gaol with you."

     "Perhaps, perhaps not, Mother. It will depend on how you go before the
court. Have you got yourself a lawyer yet? What has he said?"

     "Yes I called Steven Jenkins this morning. I will be seeing him on Monday.
He said not to have any dealings with Alf's lawyer. He is a known underworld
lawyer."

     "Good. Mother this is Tracy Wilson. I told you about her. She is my Handler
at school my best friend and eventually will I hope, be my bondholder."

     Wendy Hawkins rose and offered Tracy her hand. "Hello Ms Wilson. You are
welcome to my home. Please sit down. I take it you are aware of my situation."

     Tracy took the hand and shook it. "Yes Ms Hawkins. I am aware. Would you
mind just telling us what are the charges against you at this moment?"

     "The police are saying Alf has said I knew all about the robbery plans from
the beginning. They say Alf has said I actually suggested it after I found out
about his underworld connections. He's saying he only went ahead with out of
love for me. That he wanted to be able to take me to Paradise. It's not true. I
only found out about the robbery when the police came and told me  this morning.
They searched this house and found papers and equipment to do with the robbery
or its planning. I'd never seen those papers before. they were in a filing
cabinet Alf kept locked. I told them that but they wouldn't believe me. They
said Alf had said I knew all about the plans and so did Susan. He actually is
trying to have Susan involved to, although so far Susan has not been charged."
Susan was now seated on a kitchen chair staring at the floor.

     "Why do you call your husband Alf, Ms Hawkins? I thought his name was
David?"

     "It is. But for some reason he prefers his second name, Alfred."

     "I see. Well I can tell you this. If you didn't know of your husbands
plans, there is one way to prove it, Ms Hawkins. But there is a catch. If you
use it, you can't hide anything from the court."

     "I don't understand. What do you mean?"

     ."Mother, Tracy is offering you the use of her Truth Light to help you if
you want to use it."

     "A Truth Light! You OWN a Truth Light?"

     "Yes. But you must understand, Ms Hawkins a Truth Light makes it impossible
for the one under it to deliberately lie. However if you are under one in court
where you must answer all questions put to you, there is the danger that some
other personal or family secret could be revealed even though it has nothing to
do with the case being heard. That is why many people hesitate to use one even
if its use could clear them of a charge. So you must think carefully before you
agree to use it. If you have no skeletons in your cupboard then, fine. Use it
and the court will accept the result as true fact to the best of your knowledge.
Do you understand me?"

     "I think so. but what sort of secrets could come out anyway?"

     "One of the most common ones is if you -that is the one being tested- ever
had an extra-marital affair in the past. The opposing counsel my ask if you were
always loyal to your husband. That sort of thing. Another one is 'Have you ever
been in trouble with the law?' or 'Have you stolen anything from your
employer?'. The Light will force you to say yes if you have simply taken
something like a paper clip home or been fined for speeding. That is the sort of
embarrassment you could face. The jury would hear that and use it when deciding
your guilt or innocence."

     "I am beginning to understand. well I certainly never cheated on my husband
so there is no problem there." Wendy Hawkins was silent for a moment, her head
bowed, "However there is no denying I gave Alf the information he needed about
the bank security. It was stupid of me I know now but I loved him so I didn't
know what I was saying half the time. But what really gets me is he is trying to
say Susan was also part of his plan. She had nothing to do with it. He hardly
ever spoke to her."

     "That's what you think," Susan's voice was bitter.

     "What do you mean?"

     "I mean he was all over me when you were out or at work. He... he would
wait until you were gone then come to my room and force me to .. I had to kneel
between his legs and take out his... and.."

     "Susan why didn't you tell me?"

     "Tell you? Mother you slapped me when I tried to tell you! You accused me
of making it all up. You weren't interested in anything I said. After that I
just had to... to" Susan began to sob. Sarah moved closer and took Susan into
her arms.

     "Ms Hawkins don't you ever listen to your children?"

     "But.. but..."

     "Ms Hawkins why did you not insist on getting Sarah a Truth Light when she
was arrested?"

     "Tracy please."

     "No Sarah. I want to know how a mother could desert her children like she
has."

     "Alf said at the time we didn't have the money to hire one. I... I'm sorry
Sarah, Susan. I've not been much of a mother have I?  It was just that after
your father died I was so lonely.." Her voice trailed off. There was silence for
a moment.

     "That's alright, mother," said Sarah quietly.

     "Sure," sniffed Susan.

     "I think we had better be going," said Tracy calmly and stood up.

     "Won't you stay for lunch?"

     "Tracy looked at Sarah. "Do you want to?"

     Sarah felt Susan's hands grip her tightly. "Tracy I haven't seen them in so
long...."

     Tracy nodded. "Fine, we'll stay."

     Over lunch Tracy told Wendy Hawkins to inform her lawyer of the Truth
Light. She told Wendy to tell her lawyer to contact Aunt Elizabeth in relation
to the Light.

     Just before they left, Susan came up to Tracy and hugged her tightly.
"Thankyou for looking after Sarah." she said softly.  Tracy returned the hug.
"Its been a pleasure."

     Susan looked up into Tracy's eyes. "Is she your lover as well as your
slave?"

     "Yes."

     "You really love her, don't you?"

     "Very much."

     "Good. Please don't let anyone hurt her."

     "I wont."

    

     On the bus home Tracy found Sarah much more cheerful than she had been that
morning. She surprised Tracy by asking her if she remembered an old subject that
they had discussed before school ended for the year.

     "I remember. You still want me to try to be firmer? To set more or tougher
rules for you?"

     "Yes."

     "Sarah do you think you are becoming more submissive?"

     "Possibly. I know I often now don't want to do things I used to do without
thinking unless you say I can. Like using the bathroom or getting a drink. I
feel I shouldn't do them without your say-so even though I know you will
probably say yes. So I guess I am accepting the subordinate role more now. I
often feel now that I personally don't matter. What seems to matter to me, is
you. You are becoming my whole life. My reason for existing. I don't think of
the possibility of a career for myself now, but what can I do to help you. Does
that mean I'm turning total slave?'

     "Well I'm no shrink, Sarah, but it may well be you are. Do you feel you
want to serve and obey all people or just me? How would you feel if you were
given orders by others?"

     "I wouldn't like it unless you wanted me to. I know I don't really want to
serve anyone but you."

     "In that case I think the answer is no, your not a true slave. According to
that article, true slaves will take orders from anyone without question." Tracy
looked at Sarah. "I'd prefer you to still think for yourself. You're not a real
crim, Sarah. What you did was not wrong. Don't let all this destroy you. OK? You
are still an individual with your own ideas on life and that's how I'd rather
you to remain. If all goes as we hope I'll have your lease before this time next
year. We'll finish school and go on to law school. Your being a crim-slave won't 
prevent that. We'll face any other problems together. How does that sound to
you?"

     Sarah laid her head on Tracy's shoulder. "That sounds great" she smiled.

     "Good because in answer to your original question, yes I do remember what
you said and I've been waiting for you to bring it up again. I have a surprise
for you for tomorrow. You say you are not into pain. I think what you are after
is to be controlled and bound. I'll be setting more rules for you in the
morning. We will try them for a week and see how you cope." Sarah nodded
happily.

    

     That night Tracy ordered Sarah to lie down on the bed and fastened her
wrists and ankles to the four corner posts using lined shackles and chains she
produced from a box under her bed. Sarah was now fastened spreadeagled to the
bed. Tracy began to make slow love to her slave. She started with a long
passionate, probing kiss then she nibbled her ears after which she moved to
Sarah's neck. Gently she continued kissing and nibbling. Moving on down she
continued to cover every centimetre of the beautiful body with kisses, pausing
every so often to nibble and nip. At the same time Tracy's hands were sliding
over the prone body lower down, rolling Sara's nipples around and bringing on
the first moan from the bound girl. Tracy slid her fingers around the umbilicus,
then into it, tickling gently. Tracy's hands then went lower, brushing over then
in through the thick bush that covered Sarah's clit. Then Tracy took Sarah's
right nipple into her mouth and sucked on it, rolling it around with her tongue
and running her teeth over it slowly. Sarah moaned "Yes Mistress, yesssss... ."
as Tracy switched to the left nipple and then continued her ministrations. A
finger slid down between Sarah's legs and circled her pleasure area. Tracy spent
time on Sarah's nipples until the girl was writhing in her bonds and begging for
relief. "Please Mistress, take me, I'm ours, take me." But Tracy ignored her and
slowly continued to work her way down the lovely body laid out for her. She
kissed and nibbled her way to Sarah's middle and probed it with her tongue, then
continued down until she was kneeling between Sarah's thighs. She now switched
to the left thigh and covered it in kisses then did the same to the right one.
Then Tracy switched to the love hole itself and slowly began to lick its outer
rim. Sarah bucked wildly at this and Tracy had to struggle to stay on target.
Finally with Sarah sobbing and begging her to "Finish me, Mistress, I be..eg you
finish me." Tracy plunged her tongue intol the waiting hole, fastening her lips
over the waiting clit. Sarah screamed and her hips thrust wildly up at Tracy as
she thrashed in her bonds as she climaxed.

     Tracy sat back and watched her. Only after the climax was over did she
release Sarah's ankles from the bedposts only to immediately secure her ankles
together with a short chain. Tracy then came up to the top of the bed and kissed
Sarah passionately on the mouth after which she released her wrists only to
chain them together also. Sarah looked up at Tracy in wonder. "You said you
wanted me to be stricter, love. Well from now on you don't go anywhere or do
anything without my permission. Not even to the bathroom. Clear?"

     "Yes Tracy, it's clear." Sarah's eyes lit up.

     Tracy stretched out beside Sarah and pulled the cover over them. Then she
drew her into her arms. "Time to sleep my slave," she whispered.

     "You don't want me to ..?"

     Tracy gently stroked Sarah's hair as she lay beside her. "Not tonight. You
will do it to me when I tell you. Now go to sleep my love."

     "Yes Mistress." There was silence in the room. Soon Tracy knew Sarah was
asleep. But she stared into the darkness. *Why did I do that? Why didn't I let
Sarah make love to me? Am I trying to impress her with control or what? It just
felt right, that's all I know. What am I getting myself into?* Sleep finally
overcame her and  in her dreams she saw Sarah serving  her as the slave Tracy
wanted her to be.

     Next morning Tracy woke before Sarah . She stared at her bed companion. Her
friend,  slavegirl and lover. she gently roused her slave by rubbing her hand
over Sarah's cheek and as soon as her eyes opened she kissed her. "Morning
Sarah, ready for some changes in your life, love?"

     Sarah raised her chained hands and lay them against Tracy's chest. "Yes
Mistress I remember you said you will bring in some changes. You said I couldn't
do or go anywhere without your permission Is that right?"

     "That's right. But it will go further than that. I will show you what I
mean after breakfast but I'll tell you now you will be spending more time under
control from now on. You will see what I mean after breakfast. Also you will be
wearing those bracelets and anklets you have on now most of the time too. I'll
remove the chains when I want you to do something but the bracelets stay on as a
reminder you are controlled. Much like school or when we go out but these wont
rub as much. Also the anklets stay on to. Any questions?" Sarah's eyes were
shining.

     "No questions, Mistress. Thankyou for the bracelets and anklets." Sarah
pushed her head closer to Tracy's and kissed her. Tracy gave her a quick squeeze
then began to remove the chain between the bracelets and anklets.

     "Out you go." Sarah slid quickly out of the bed onto the floor, kneeling as
Tracy rose from the bed. Sarah lowered her head and lovingly placed a kiss on
each of Tracy's feet. Tracy smiled down at her. "See to the bed my slave, lay
out my clothes then stand at attention at the end of the bed facing the wall."
Tracy headed for the bathroom. Sarah stared after her in surprise for a moment,
then began to straighten the bed.

     When she returned Tracy found Sarah standing at attention facing the wall
as ordered. ."Very good Sarah. You look really beautiful like that."

     Sarah turned round to face Tracy, her face glowing, "Thankyou Tracy. May I
now..."

     "NO" Sarah stopped with a jerk in surprise.

     "Sarah did I give you permission to move from the wall?"

     "Er... No, Mistress. Sarah stood still her head down. She had failed her
Mistress already.

     "Back to the wall Sarah. You must remember not to move or speak without
permission." Sarah silently returned to her place facing the wall and stood at
attention, waiting. Tracy began to dress. Only when she had her shorts and
t-shirt on did she speak again. "Come here Sarah."

     Sarah turned and walked over to where Tracy was standing and dropped to her
knees, her head lowered. "Sarah you asked for a firmer set of rules. The most
important of the rules for you now is OBEY. Obey what I say not what you
anticipate I am going to say. Do you understand me Sarah."

     "Yes, Miss Tracy. I'll remember that in future."

     "You'd better or I'll have to remind you with the paddle, you understand?"

     "Yes, Mistress."

     "Good, now you may use the bathroom, quickly now, it's nearly time we
should be downstairs." Sarah headed for the bathroom.

     After breakfast Tracy had Sarah collect the stepladder from the storeroom
and bring it upstairs to her room. Placing it where Sarah had been standing
before breakfast, Tracy climbed up and with a screwdriver began to loosen a
series of screws in a narrow panel running from skirting-board to ceiling. She
called Sarah, who had been watching with growing curiosity to steady the strip
until all screws were out then the two girls removed the strip. Behind it was
revealed a row of holes running up the wall. Sarah stared at them in
astonishment. "Tracy what are thy for?"

     Tracy smiled at her, "You, actually."

     "Me? What do you mean?"

     "You'll know in a moment. First help me get this strip down to the
storeroom."

     On the way back Sarah noticed Tracy was carrying a box she had picked up in
the storeroom. She opened her mouth to ask, but Tracy stopped her with a raised
hand. "You will know in two minutes, love."

     On entering the room, Tracy put down the box and produced the long chain
Sarah usually wore between her hands when they went out. "Come here, Sarah."
Sarah came and automatically held out her hands while Tracy secured the chain.
Then Tracy opened the box she had brought upstairs and showed Sarah. It was a
collection of rings that could be locked into the holes in the wall. She showed
Sarah how they locked in and how you needed a little key like device to remove
it. Tracy locked one ring at the lowest hole in the row and another just above
Sarah's head.

     "Do you understand now Sarah?"

     "I think so," replied Sarah slowly. Tracy pulled another box from under her
bed and removed what Sarah thought was a double-ended hook. Tracy reached for
the chain between Sarah's hands and snapped the hook device onto it. She drew
the chain, and Sarah to the wall and locked the other hook into the ring above
Sarah's head. Sarah tugged experimentally but it held her fast. She stood facing
the wall, her hands chained to the ring above her head.

     "Turn around, Sarah, There is a swivel between the two hooks."

     Sarah slowly turned around to face Tracy. Her hands securely held over her
head.

     "How do you feel now Sarah?"

     Sarah was silent for a moment. "I feel like it is right she whispered. It's
like I should be like this. You have me helpless. ...... At your mercy as a
slave should be. Will I always be like this Mistress?"

     "You will be whenever I wish it, Sarah."

     Tracy reached into the box from under her bed and produced several plastic
rods with hooks on the ends. "Open your legs a little Sarah.... That's right."
Tracy fastened a plastic bar between Sarah's ankles and a second bar between the
first one and the ring in the wall. Sarah now couldn't move her feet more than a
few millimetres. Tracy rose to her feet and admired the scene before her.

     "Beautiful. Sarah this spot is now yours. It's where you come whenever you
enter this room and have no other task to do. Whether you are chained up or not,
this is where you should be unless I say otherwise. Do you understand me?"

     "Oh Yes Mistress," replied Sarah happily.

     "Good. Look there, Sarah. Look at what I see now when I look at my Sarah."
Tracy indicated the full length mirror on the wardrobe door on the other side of
the room.

     "Oooo... is that really me?"

     "Yes love it is you. Now I'll take the ladder downstairs while you get used
to your place."

     Tracy kissed Sarah on the cheek then headed out the door with the ladder
leaving Sarah fastened to the wall. Sarah stared at her reflection in the
mirror. She saw a shapely young girl, naked but for the shackles on her wrists
and ankles, fastened to the wall.  *Why do I like this situation so much? If
Tracy leaves me here I could be here like this for hours. Yet I don't feel as if
it's wrong. I feel this is just right for me. Why?*

Tracy returned after about 10 minutes. "How is my Sarah feeling now?"

     "She is feeling great, Mistress Tracy... Tracy, why do I feel so happy to
be chained like this? Why aren't I wanting to be released? What's making me so
happy to be this way?"

     "I think you are one of those people who somehow get a sexual kick in
bondage, Sarah. Others like to be whipped or hurt in some way. You've heard
about them, haven't you? The articles we read on sex deviants mentioned it.
Remember?"

     "I'm a sex deviant?"

     "I guess we both are. We are both gay, right? I like to have my Sarah to
control. I think it what is called 'dominate'. You like to be controlled, to
serve. And you also like to be bound up. Bondage I think the articles called it.
We are both sex deviants, Sarah."

     "I guess so," Sarah was frowning thoughtfully, "But I remember the articles
said submissives -and I guess that is what I am- would willingly serve anyone. I
have no wish to serve or obey anyone except you. I wonder of that means
anything."

     "Well we have not actually been anywhere where you have been called on to
serve others, yet," replied Tracy, "Perhaps we can find somewhere where we can
test all this out. Neither of us are expert in this deviant thing. I'll ask my
Aunts tonight and see if they have an explanation. Now how are your legs
feeling?"

     "A bit tired since they can't move."

     Tracy went to the box of rings and produced another one. Then from her
other box she produced a short length of chain. She knelt in front of Sarah and
released the bar between her legs. Sarah immediately bent her knees, flexing
them. Tracy removed the bar from the ring in the wall and replaced it with the
chain which she then fastened to Sarah's left ankle. She then stood up and
unlocked the hook holding Sarah's hands. "How are the arms?"

     "A few pins and needles, but their fine."

     "We'll take this slowly. I don't want you hurt and neither of us know what
were doing, yet. Kneel." Sarah knelt at Tracy's feet her back to the wall,
gazing up at Tracy. "Back straight, love. That's better." Tracy then fastened
another ring in the wall above the kneeling Sarah, then took Sarah's hands and
hooked them onto the new ring above her head. Tracy stepped back and admired the
affect. "God, Sarah you look so beautiful like that. Look." Tracy gestured at
the mirror across the room.

     "Wow... Is that ME?"

     "It sure is love. You look beautiful. You can  expect to spend much time
like that, Sarah. You make a real erotic picture." * Which is making me wet,
to.*

     "If that is what you want, Tracy.... Err.. Tracy (giggle) are you in
trouble?"

     Tracy looked down and spotted the trickle on her leg below her shorts. She
grinned ruefully at Sarah. "It's your fault you know. If you weren't so
beautiful it wouldn't happen."

     Sarah grinned. "Get those shorts of and come here and I'll see if I can dry
you off."

     Tracy slid her shorts and panties down and kicked them aside. She stood in
front of the kneeling Sarah and spread her legs. Sarah lent forward and her face
slid between Tracy's legs and he began kissing and licking the insides of
Tracy's thighs. Tracy gasped as she felt Sarah's tongue probe into her centre,
going in and out then slipping round and round the entrance. Tracy had to reach
out and support herself with hands against the wall as Sarah worked.

     "God, Sarah Yesss...  Yesss," Tracy gasped. Her knees were shaking, her
body quivering. Sarah worked steadily, refusing to be hurried. Tracy struggled
not to move. "Sarah I cant stand this any more.... let me cumm  ... pleaseeee"
Then Sarah flicked her tongue over Tracy's clit...  Just once. It was enough.
Tracy collapsed to the floor gasping as orgasms shook her body.

     When Tracy finally opened her eyes she was looking up into Sarah's  face
which was half worried and half triumphant at what she'd done. "You alright?"

     "I... I will be. God! Sarah, that was incredible." Tracy moved to rest her
head on Sarah's thigh and stared up at her lover. "You are just incredible, you
know that."

     Sarah smiled at her mistress. "For you, any time."

     Tracy noticed Sarah was quivering and her pussy was soaked. she crawled
over closed to Sarah and unhooked the chain fastened to her leg. Then she
slipped two fingers up into Sarah's dripping centre and slowly wiggled them
around. Sarah gasped and moaned helplessly as Tracy slid a third finger inside
her. Sarah was already hot and thrust back eagerly on Tracy's fingers then
moaned in disappointment as Tracy removed her fingers, only to replace them with
her tongue after having stretched out on her tummy so it would be easier to
reach Sarah. Tracy licked Sarah's thighs then kissed and licked her way up until
she reacher the awaiting centre. Tracy then worked her tongue into Sarah, first
slowly circling the opening with her tongue followed by the catching of Sarah's
extended clit in her lips and nibbling it. Sarah went into a thrashing series of
climaxes which left her gasping and threw Tracy off her. Tracy quietly waited
for Sarah to ride out her orgasms.

     Tracy freed Sarah from the wall and the two girls headed for the shower. As
the water sprayed down on them Sarah lathered up a sponge and washed Tracy from
head to foot, spending much time on her breasts and even more kneeling and
carefully washing Tracy between her legs. Then Tracy returned the compliment. By
the time they were finished it was time for lunch. Sarah held a fresh pair
shorts for Tracy to step into and aided Tracy to put on a top and then Tracy led
the way downstairs.

     After lunch, since the sun was still warm even though summer was ending,
the girls went out onto the back patio and Sarah undressed Tracy and they both
stretched out for a nude sunbake. Aunt Elizabeth and Aunt Freda joined them -
both naked - and Aunt Freda also allowed the crim-slave Fiona to join them. in a
relaxing afternoon. Tracy found herself enjoying the sight of 5 pussies (some
shaved bare, others trimmed in various designs. That evening they had a light
meal and Sarah and Tracy went to bed early so they would be fresh for tomorrows
visit.




A Slave for Tracy

     Part 5

     Next morning Sarah, in her prison tunic, her hands chained, and Tracy set
of to visit cousin Frederica. At Aunt Freda's urging they summoned an auto-cab
to take them to the address Aunt Elizabeth gave them. As they watched the
passing scenery Tracy commented to Sarah, "Yesterday was a lovely afternoon. I
suppose there wont be many more like it this year, will there?"

     "Why not?" asked Sarah in surprise.

     "Isn't winter coming on? Won't it be to cold soon?"

     "No. In fact it will get no colder then it is now except on wet days.
Winter days here are usually only cold when it rains or is real overcast."

     "How come?"

     "We are in the tropics of this planet, you know. It only gets really cold
at the poles. Because of this planets orbit and size the temperature is pretty
mild. You will be wearing light clothing all year round on this planet Tracy."

     "I see. Well, glad I was wrong, then. And it looks like we've arrived."
*And its safe for slaves to be displayed year-round in the nude, I guess.*

      They entered by a side entrance to a large building displaying the logo
"Frederica's". On identifying themselves to the clerk at the desk a door was
opened and the two women were shown into a large modestly furnished office where
two women awaited them. The older one was sitting behind a desk while the
younger was in a chair in front of the desk. Tracy froze as she recognized the
younger woman as Detective Davis who had interviewed her over the destruction of
school canteen furniture. Beside her Tracy heard a gasp of recognition from
Sarah. Tracy tore her eyes from the smiling pair to look at her friend, whose
face showed Sarah was going through the same shock of recognition Tracy was. It
was Detective Davis who spoke first.

     "I take it you have both recognized me! And no.  I am not undercover,
girls. I am one police officer who has never been sent undercover into a
brothel.  Tracy, Sarah, permit me to introduce my mother, Frederica Davis. Mum
this is Sarah Dutton who killed her sisters rapist and was rewarded with a black
collar for her trouble and Tracy Wilson, cousin Joyce's daughter. She is Sarah's
school handler and eer.. friend who cousin Elizabeth brought here from Nexus
after her family was killed."

     "You are both very welcome here girls," Frederica Davis stood up and came
round from behind her desk to offer her hand. "Tracy I am very sorry at your
loss." Tracy found Frederica's handshake firm. "And Sarah your treatment by the
authorities puzzles me. How come defending your sister  suddenly became a
crime?"

     Sarah hesitated and bit her lip. She glanced at Tracy who replied, "Cousin
Frederica is this office safe to talk in?"

     Frederica Davis looked surprised, "You fear bugs? No need, This office is
checked regularly. Why do you ask?"

     Tracy nodded to Sarah who replied, "M'am Ms Elizabeth says there is a
possibility that the man whom I killed was a distant relation to the Adamsdale
clan."

     "Ahhhh..... I see. Strange though. I would never have thought that Gregory
would have protected a rapist, though. He has three children, and one daughter
would be about your sisters age Sarah. I wonder why? Perhaps I'll ask him next
time he is on the Island. Still. Can't do anything about it now. I asked you
here, Tracy initially to meet my cousin whose mother was my favourite playmate
as a child. Elizabeth also said you were having trouble accepting some of our
ways. Especially in the sexual sense. She and Freda suggested you may benefit
from a tour of the facilities here. What do you think?"

     "I .. I would very much like to see what you have here, Cousin Frederica.
Are you sure it is alright though? We are both only 15."

     "15 is the age of consent here Tracy," answered Detective Davis.

     "Oh!."

     "Kerry here will give you the tour then. I'll catch up with you later. I'm
expecting a business call at any moment otherwise I'd be with you. And I'm 
sorry my eldest daughter isn't here to meet you also, but she will be here later
today. Off you go then." Kerry Davis opened another door and waved Sarah and
Tracy through.

     Tracy and Sarah found themselves taken to a lift which took them up one
level. They stepped out into a hall with many sliding doors, each with a number
on it.  On each door was an electronic sign saying either "READY" or "ENGAGED"
Most seemed to be engaged.

         "This floor and the one above, that is levels one and two, are where we
supply our 'Relief Services', girls. By that I mean the sex services supplied
here are purely for sexual or tension relief. Most of the customers on this
floor and the next one simply seek to relieve the stress of their job or their
lifestyle. There is little if any romance or love here. Each of the booths here
contain a sex worker who is usually a slave - either a vol-slave or a
crim-slave. In each booth the slave is secured in a peculiar way so it can give
the one service it is supposed to give for this shift. Look here."

     Kerry produced a electronic key and slid it into a slot on a door showing
READY, unlocked it and  slid open the booth door. Inside was a low table on
which was strapped a naked woman. She was fastened kneeling on the table her
head to the far wall and her knees tucked under her so that her buttocks were
high in the air. There was a wide strap across her shoulders, her head lay near
the end of the table, her hands were shackled to the side of the table and her
legs were fastened apart so that she was open and ready to be used by whoever
entered the booth.

     Sarah and Tracy peered in and took in the sight silently. "How long does
she stay like this," asked Sarah.

     "A shift lasts two hours. Then they rest an hour after they are put in
another booth in a different arrangement to serve in a different way." Kerry
closed the door. they continued on until the next booth marked READY. Again
Kerry slid open the door. This booth didn't have a table. A naked woman sat on a
stool her wrists shackled to a bar fastened to a rope which ran up into to the
ceiling. There was a panel on the wall with two buttons marked UP and DOWN.
"Here we have a suspension booth," continued Kerry, "The customer can adjust the
height for himself or herself. Hello Doris, how is it going this morning?"

     "Quiet so far Ms Kerry, I've just come on though," replied the woman. Tracy
noted she wore a brown prison collar. Kerry reached out and stroked the woman's
cheek. Tracy saw that the slave lent into the caress eagerly and stared up at
Kerry in adoration.

     "OK then We'll leave you to it then. I'll see you later Doris," Kerry
closed the door. "Would you believe I actually arrested her for selling drugs.
After she was cleaned up and dried out she was actually grateful to me for
arresting her. The judge gave her two years for possession and she pleaded to me
to let her serve this house so I asked mum to buy her lease."

     "I think she likes you, Ms Davis," said Sarah smiling. Kerry smiled back.

     The next booth Kerry opened had a man strapped down as the first one had
been -shoulders strapped to the table, knees tucked under his waist so that his
buttocks were high. The next booth had a man on the floor, bound in a kneeling
position, his hands behind his back and a strap running from a belt round his
waist to rings in the floor on each side of him. "He is ready to serve a
customer -male or female- with his mouth," explained Kerry.

     As they moved on a booth ahead of them opened and a tall woman in a
business suit stepped out and strode of down the corridor, leaving the door
open. Tracy and Sarah peered in and both gasped. A male slave was hanging from
the ceiling by his wrists his back covered in dozens of red marks from a whip.
He was groaning quietly and was startled when he suddenly felt the floor under
his feet again as Kerry lowered him. At the same time there were footsteps in
the corridor and two women in overalls entered the booth. Kerry glanced up at
them. "Good. You were quick. Carry on." She stepped aside as the two women bent
over the moaning man. One woman began to spray his back with something while the
other tilted his head back and opened his mouth. She removed what Tracy realised
was a gag. Tracy noted that neither of these women wore chains or collars. The
women began to walk the man out of the booth.

     "Where is he being taken," asked Sarah quietly.

     "To a bed to recover. He was sprayed with painkiller and will get more if
needed. Later he will be rubbed with Fastfix cream and will be free of those
marks and ready for duty in about two hours."

     "How can someone get pleasure out of whipping someone else?" asked Sarah.

     "Well firstly that woman wasn't after pleasure, she was after a relief from
her frustrations due to either a bad business circumstance or a troubled
marriage. Probably the latter as it is so early in the day. Frustrated
executives usually appear in the afternoon after business meetings fail or
promotions are denied."

     "That poor man," said Tracy

     "Oh! I wouldn't be so quick to say that," replied Sarah with a grin.

     "Ah. You saw it to, Sarah,"

     "Yes M'am"

     "Saw what," demanded Tracy.

     "His ejaculation on the back wall," grinned Sarah.

     "Oh!"

     "Are all the booths soundproofed M'am?" asked Sarah as Tracy absorbed this.

     "Yes, all of them."

     In the next booth a woman was strapped to a table on her back her legs
spread wide, her cunt open and ready. "Some men simply want a quick fuck,"
explained Kerry.

     "Assuming the customer knows what he or she wants, how do they know which
booth to come to?" asked Tracy, "Or do your staff have to show them?"

     "When they come in they go to the computerised cashier, select what they
want from the touch-screen and when they pay, their receipt is also their key.
It shows the booth number and will only open that booth," explained Kerry. "That
way people have their privacy. Well now you know what sort  of  services we
supply on this floor and the one directly above.. There are some other different
arrangements for different services but the basic idea is the same. There are
some 150 booths over the two floors. On the third level we have the more
expensive arrangements. Probably the sort of set-ups you were expecting." Kerry
led the way to a lift which took them to the third level. There Tracy and Sarah
were shown small but comfortable 'bedrooms' each complete with bathroom
facilities and  small refrigerators stocked with drinks. All were unoccupied.
"These rooms will start to fill up in the late afternoon," said Kerry, "On the
fourth floor are a few exclusive suites complete with saunas and a small
swimming pool."

     "You know," said Sarah suddenly, "This all seems like a supermarket of sex.
Each booth is like an item on the shelves. in a shop. Does that sound silly to
you?"

     "Not really," replied Kerry, "In a sense that is what it is. -she paused-
There is one more level and it is on the lower-ground floor. The Dungeon. Do you
want to see it?"

     "Sure, replied Tracy.

     "Yes, please," said Sarah.

     "This way then," Kerry headed back to the lift. "However understand you
won't see much there now as it is early. What you may see will be training
sessions for slaves."

     The lift took them down and they stepped out into a dimly lit alcove. Kerry
took them out into a courtyard like arrangement. There were odd looking posts
and frames scattered about. One post had a board at the top with three holes in
it. Tracy wondered what it was. Along the sides were different buildings. All
painted to look like they were built of stone and coloured a grey-brown colour.
"Have you ever seen inside a torture chamber girls?"

     "No," they chorused.

     "This way then."  Kerry led the way into a building which was dimly lit but
the girls could see the chains and shackles hanging from the walls and ceiling.
At one end of the room was an odd wooden frame with chains dangling from each
corner and an odd arrangement of wooden spikes sticking out in a circular
fashion.

     "What's that there?," asked Sarah, pointing.

     "A rack," answered Kerry, "Come and look."

     As they approached it Kerry explained, "The slave to be tortured is placed
in the rack and then that wheel is turned to stretch him or her. The pain is
awful, yet some people love it." Kerry looked at Sarah. "Are you into pain,
Sarah?"

     "No," replied Sarah, "I hate the idea of pain. But I do understand that
others get something out of it. But aren't you afraid you will one day go to
far. Maybe kill or maim someone for life?"

     "There is that danger," agreed Kerry, "But we haven't killed anyone here
yet. We did kill a man on the Island one time but he was a black coll... Oh
Hell... I'm sorry Sarah." Kerry's face was red.

     "That's alright," said Sarah stiffly as Tracy slid her arm around her and
hugged her tightly.

     There was an uncomfortable silence for a moment, then Tracy tried to change
the subject. "What is that pillar outside for, the one with the three holes in
the board on the top?"

     "That is a pillory. You stand in front of it, half the board hinges up and
your head and hands go into the holes and the board is locked in place. I
understand it is an old form of public punishment used in the medieval times on
Earth."

     "Not very nice," commented Tracy, "What do you have in the other
buildings?"

     "Other torture equipment and also the holding cells." They crossed to the
next building. Here there were several small cells two of which were occupied.
In one cell was a man, naked but for a brown collar who, upon seeing them
approach, leapt to the door. "Open this door, someone. You, woman open this
door, I demand you let me out of here. My sentence is up, I tell you."

     "Does his lease belong to you? asked Tracy.

     "Yes. He was purchased years ago by mother. He has been troublesome from
the start. But he really does know how to give blow jobs and his butt is well
shaped so mother has kept him. When he goes into a rage like this we just put
him into a cell and leave him for a few days until he calms down."

     "My sentence is finished I tell you." shouted the man.

     "What was your sentence, sir," asked Tracy politely.

     "Twenty years for a crime I didn't commit," snapped the man, "open this
door, girl. NOW."

     "I don't like his attitude," said Sarah thoughtfully.

     "As for his claim," said Tracy, "His collar could show if he is up for
release. Trouble is, he is so violent I wouldn't want to go in the cell with him
unless he is tied down."

     "I agree," said Kerry, "I'll check the files when we get back to the
office." They moved on to the next occupied cell. In it was a woman, sitting
quietly on the shelf bed that stretched the length of one side of the cell. She
was naked but for her brown collar.

     Tracy gasped. "Graham,"

     "Yes Ms Tracy."

     "How come you know this slave Tracy?" asked Kerry in surprise.

     "We met in unusual circumstances," answered Tracy, "On my first visit to
Robinvale, a girl was bash up and her leg broken by a gang in the prison led by
Graham, here. Aunt Freda had the group strapped over barrels and flogged. She
was short one flogger since the other staff were at lunch so I flogged one of
them. Aunt Freda flogged this one. I didn't know Graham had been leased. Has she
been any trouble?"

     "Some, that's why she is here. She has a good face and figure so we thought
she would work in the booths but she gives to much trouble and upsets the
customers so she is now a dungeon slave. That means she now is a slave the doms
can hire to take their frustrations out on with the whip or the rack, which is
why she is here. We are expecting a regular dom who comes every Monday about
now. This dom prefers the dungeon atmosphere to the booth and likes to dress up
for the flogging."

     "How do you feel about this Graham?"

     "I hated the idea at first, Ms Tracy but after that first flogging by your
Aunt I started to like it. Now I love it, I usually get at least two orgasms out
of each flogging."

     "I see. So your actually happy here?"

     "Oh, yes Ms Tracy. It's the best thing that's ever happened to me."

     "Good luck then Graham."

     "And you to Ms Tracy."

     As they moved away from the cells Tracy shook her head. "That really was a
surprise."

     "It's not uncommon though," commented Kerry

     "What is this, please," asked Sarah indicating a flat circular disk on the
ground supported by a central spindle and clearly made to rotate. There were
several sets of straps attached to it.

     "It's known as the wheel," replied Kerry, "Several slaves can be fastened
to it in various positions and the wheel rotated at various speeds. The flogger
can then whip the slaves as they come round to him or her. Sometimes there is
more than one flogger. standing around the wheel. It's quite a sight I assure
you."

     "Wow! Sounds incredible," said Sarah.

     "I cant understand how people can get pleasure out of pain like that
though," commented Sarah, "Especially those who hurt their own family. You know,
wife bashers and such. We have some at school. We call them 'Saddists'. They
treat their crims cruelly. "

     Kerry nodded. "I've seen the results of some of those people's work. My
partner and I answered a disturbance call last week. The neighbours were worried
about the screaming coming from next door. And there was screaming too. We found
a crim-slave practically flogged to death. Hanging from a chain in the garage.
He's still in hospital. The family, or at least the woman claimed she was simply
disciplining the slave for failing to obey orders. Thing is the order he was
refusing to obey was to NOT get into bed with the woman's teenage daughter. The
woman was angry he preferred the daughter over her. The daughter had ordered the
slave to join her in bed, you see. There was no husband."

     Tracy pointed to a device they were passing. It seemed to consist of one
wooden frame set in between two pillars. "What is this Kerry?"

     That's a whipping frame. The slave is fastened by the wrists and ankles and
then the frame can be tilted at various angles for the whipping. Well, girls
that is about all there is to see here. We might as well head back."

     As they headed back through the Dungeon Kerry also pointed out the storage
sheds and extra cells which were at this moment being filled with slaves. As
they returned to the first set of cells, Tracy saw Graham being led out of her
cell and taken over to a whipping post. A woman awaited her. She was dressed in
what Tracy recognized was a Dominatrix costume of black leather bikini shorts
and brief top, gauntlets and high black boots. In her right hand was a whip. She
waited impatiently as Graham was fastened in place, her hands secured to the top
of the whipping frame, her wrists spread apart. The woman slowly circled the
secured figure, looking her over carefully. When she was standing in front of 
Graham, Tracy saw the woman reach into a pouch on her belt and fasten whatever
she had there to Graham's breasts or nipples.

     "What is she doing?" queried Sarah, quietly.

     "Placing on nipple clamps, I think," replied Kerry.

     "Sounds nasty," commented Tracy.

     "They can be painful, yes. But even worse is the damage they can cause if
torn roughly off the nipple. Bad treatment can actually ruin a nipple, Sarah."

     "What do they look like?" asked Sarah curiously.

     "I'll show you some in the shop. That's our next stop. This way." Kerry led
the way back to the lift.

     Thy stepped out of the lift into a lift lobby at one side of the main
entrance. Customers were lining up at the touch screens and selecting their
desired service. Kerry led them through another entrance into a shop area. It
was a shop selling sex toys and erotic clothing and book chips. Tracy was
amazed. She turned to Kerry. "I heard these shops existed on Nexus but quietly,
you know? usually in upper levels with no street entrance. Not openly like
this."

     Kerry nodded, "It's different here, Tracy. Go on have a look around." The
girls did so, gazing at the leather gear, boots capes gauntlets, the huge array
of wipes canes and paddles, shackles and collars. In another section was a large
range of dildos of different sizes and shapes. Also love beads and other erotic
toys Tracy noticed Sarah was fascinated with the dildos. "Interested, honey? I
hadn't realised you liked that idea. Which one do you think you would like me to
slide inside you?"

     "Ooo.. er... Well this one actually, Tracy, its long but not to big. And
look its got a double end for you to."

     "Ok, We'll take it." Tracy reached into her belt-pouch to get her cash-card
but a voice behind them said quietly. "It's yours."

     "Oh... But I cant..." Tracy turned to find herself facing Frederica Davis
and beside her a slightly taller and younger version of herself. Kerry Davis was
standing to one side.

     "Yes, you can. Our pleasure. Now I'd like you to meet my other daughter.
Fred this is Tracy and her friend Sarah. Tracy and Sarah shook hands with the
beautiful dark-haired blue eyed woman with the statuesque figure.

     "Hello girls, I take it Kerry has given you the tour. Did you like what you
saw?" Frederica Davis junior was an almost carbon copy of her mother, Tracy
decided. She even sounded like her.

     "Yes thankyou. It was fascinating," replied Tracy, "Are your other
premise's like this or are they different arrangements?"

     "Some of the brothels are the same although this is the biggest one,"
replied Fred Junior, "Then there is the Island."

     "What island is that please," asked Tracy.

     "Pleasure Island is the full name it goes by but we usually call it the
Island," replied Frederica Senior, "It is a large island about 500 kilometres of
the coast to the east of here. We own it and run it as an exclusive pleasure
club. People have to join the club to use its facilities. Basically the members
go there knowing that their every whim will be catered for wherever possible.
There are slaves by the score -male and female-to serve every whim the members
come up with. Life there is based on the old Greek or Roman lifestyle of
thousands of years ago on old Earth, which was based entirely on slave labour."

     "Wow," said Sarah and Tracy together.

     "I'll speak to your aunts, Tracy and see if they are ready for another trip
out to the Island yet. It is a while since they were out there. Like to come?"

     "Yes please," replied Tracy, "But will Sarah be able to come? She has some
limitations on her movement outside the city."

     "I think we can clear that with the prison authorities," smiled Frederica
Junior.

     "If you would like to come along, you should be hungry," said Frederica
Senior, "Lunch should be ready by now." She led the way out of the shop.

     Tracy and Sarah soon found themselves in a private dinning room off the
managers office, being served by two beautiful maids dressed in traditional
maids outfits with slave chains around their necks and slave shackles on their
wrists and ankles to show their actual status. Both maids had seemed to Tracy to
be a little put out at having to serve Sarah who was in her prison tunic and
with the usual long chain between her hands.

     Kerry had also noticed this. "Does Sarah have the chains on at home Tracy?"

     "No," replied Tracy, "Only outside the house. A prison rule apparently.
It's why I wish I could get that ministerial ruling changed if it was possible.
Then I could buy Sarah's lease and then Sarah could wear ordinary clothes and
need not wear the chains. She is not a criminal." Tracy reached over and
squeezed Sarah's arm. Sarah smiled wanly at Tracy. She had also noticed the
slaves attitude.

     "How many other premises have you in the city M'am?" asked Tracy trying to
change the subject.

     "We have three other brothels in the capital, but they are what you would
call 'ordinary brothels'. They are simply the standard bedroom style service, no
booths. The booth system is aimed at the businessman and woman for the most
part. There is also a separate large Dungeon premises for those who like such
services. That premises also offers slave training. A sort of training school
for slaves. A slave owner may buy the lease of a slave, vol or crim and then
bring him or her to us for training. Would you believe Tracy that some people,
male and female actually come to that school and ask to be trained then have us
sell them to a master or mistress?"

     "You mean they don't even want a say in who buys them?" gasped Tracy in
astonishment.

     "That's right," replied Fred Jnr, "I took a call today from a woman asking
if she could arrange training for her new slave. This woman already has several
slaves and a thriving business and doesn't have the time to train her new slave.
The slave will join the training school tomorrow."

     "Were these girls trained at your school?" asked Sarah looking at the maid
who was pouring coffee for Tracy.

     "Yes they were," replied Fred Snr.

     "This is all so incredible," said Tracy shaking her head, "Isn't there
people who object to all this 'sexual service' business. Who try to stop slavery
and the rest of it on moral grounds?"

     "Oh yes," smiled Fred Snr, "There is several groups who are trying to stop
it. But so far we have a much larger support in both the Council and the street.
Most people are happy to see such services legalized. Some object to allowing
slaves to be displayed naked in the streets. But so what? It doesn't hurt anyone
and it either brings in business or in the judicial sense acts as a deterrent."

     "Does anyone object to such young people being involved?" queried Tracy,
"Don't you have people saying it's not suitable for fifteen year olds to be
slaves? On Nexus that would be called child molestation."

     "The people here are satisfied that fifteen is a suitable consent age, and
while you see younger children in green chains they are rarely seen to object to
their treatment. You understand that those people who take student bonds out are
checked by the Department first. And they know the child could always bring
charges against them later if he or she wanted to. There is no time limitation
on such claims."

     "I see."

     "Well," smiled Kerry cheerfully, "I must be off. Duty calls. It was nice to
see both again Tracy, Sarah. Next time I may see you on the Island. Bye for now
all," and she was gone.

     "Yes I guess we all have work to do," replied Fred Snr, "Tracy, Sarah, it
has been nice meeting you both. I will contact your Aunts, Tracy and see if you
can both spend some time on the Island these holidays." They said their
farewells and Tracy and Sarah found themselves outside the building, Tracy
clutching the bag with the dildo she had been given.

     Sarah looked at Tracy. "That was an experience, don't you think?"

     "A remarkable one," replied Tracy as they set off down the street.

     As they made there way to the bus stop, Sarah gestured towards a small park
they were passing. "This park is named for the leader of the convicts that made
up the first settlers, Tracy. Its called George Adamsdale Park. It has a statue
of him. Like to see it?"

     "Sure. Why not," agreed Tracy. They walked through the park entrance. The
statue was in the middle of the grounds, depicting a tall man with a strong 
featured face that looked out into the distance. After admiring the figure and
looking around the park the girls left by the way they had come. As they turned
onto the street they found themselves face-to-face with Susie who was heading
towards them with a bulging shopping bag in one hand.

     "Susie," squealed Sarah, throwing her chained hands over the girl and
pulling her into a tight hug and kissing her. Releasing her she looked her over
and frowned. "Susie are you all right? You look thin to me. Have  you lost
weight? How are things with you?"

     It took Susie a minute to get her breath back after Sarah's squeeze but she
answered, "I'm OK I guess. I may have lost weight, I haven't noticed. It's
Mother I'm worried about. She... Oh sorry. Hello Tracy."

     "Hi, Susie. Good to see you. Let's go back in here and grab a seat," Tracy
guided Susie and Sarah back into the park and over to a seat. "Now Susie you
were saying you were worried about something."

     "Yes. It's Mother. She is sinking deeper into depression. she's worried
about when she has to go to court and what the sentence will be. Her lawyer
hasn't been much help. He has said her sentence could be anything from five to
ten years. Closer to ten he thinks as two men died. And she hasn't said what
will happen to me either. I guess I'll end up in an orphanage or be fostered
out. And not all foster parents are good. I'm scared that I'll be .... be". Both
Sarah and Tracy slipped arms around Susie as she began to sob. After a moment
Susie got herself under control. "Sorry," she muttered, wiping her eyes.

     "That's OK, honey," said Tracy. *What a mess. I wonder.. *

     "What brought you in to town today, Susie?" queried Sarah to change the
subject.

     "Mother wanted some shopping done and I just wanted to get out of the house
for a while. With Mum as she is the place is so miserable," sighed Susie, "What
about you?"

     "Well," Sarah looked at Tracy who grinned and nodded, "We have just been to
Frederica's for a look round."

     "WHAT? I don't believe you," gasped Susie, her eyes wide with astonishment.

     "I don't blame you," replied Sarah, "But it's true. Apparently the Davis
family are related to Tracy's family. We have just been shown around the
facilities there and had lunch with Ms Frederica Davis and her two daughters.
And would you believe that the younger daughter is the police detective that
arrested me? That was a surprise I can tell you."

     "Gosh! What was it like in there? Some kids say it's pretty gruesome. Is it
true that it's all dark and everyone wears chains?"

     "Tracy and Sarah chuckled. "Well." said Tracy, "The slaves do wear chains,
but the place isn't all dark. Most of it is well lit."

     "The only dark area was the dungeon," said Sarah grinning.

     "There've got a dungeon there too?" gasped Susie.

     "Yep, they sure have," replied Tracy, "Why are you interested in dungeons,
Susie?"

     "I... I've sometimes wondered what it must be like to be all chained up and
whipped or canned," admitted Susie, her face red. She hesitated and looked at
Sarah, "Does Tracy keep you chained up?"

     "Often," smiled Sarah.

     Aren't you afraid of what she will...," Susie suddenly stopped, her face
even redder as she remembered Tracy was there. Sarah just grinned.

     "I'm lucky in that respect Susie. I know I can trust Tracy. She does have
full authority over me and I have to obey her, but she isn't one of those nasty
types who are only interested in wielding a whip or paddle and hearing people
scream."

     "What about you, Susie? How do you feel about bondage?" Tracy had decided
to be blunt and bring the subject into the open.

     "I've been curious for a while now. But I've been to scared to do anything
about it."

     "That's understandable, Susie. I knew nothing about it either until I came
here and I sure know now that there is a lot to know. We have barely scratched
the surface. That was sure made clear today, hey Sarah?"

     "It sure was."

     "Well I suppose I better get going. I've got some frozen stuff here. It was
good to see you both again. Hope I see you again soon, " Susie gave Sarah
another hard hug and a kiss and had a  kiss for Tracy as well and set of for
home. Tracy and Sarah headed for home in silence until they were in the main
shopping centre and approaching their bus stop. Then Sarah nudged Tracy and
pointed. A well dressed woman was striding down the mall some distance away. On
a lead were three slave girls all bearing well loaded carry-packs. Each slave
was wearing only a short rap skirt. Their nipples wore nipple clamps each with a
little bell attached that tinkled as they walked. There was a chain running from
one girl's neck to the girl behind. The last girl was also carrying sopping bags
in her hands. Tracy stared, blinked hard then stared again.

     "Am I seeing things?"

     "If you are that makes two of us," replied Sarah, also staring.

     "Then the last slave is Who I think it is."

     "Yes. Remember Sharon said her mum had a month to serve. Well, she is
serving there."

     "Yes."

     "Wonder who her mistress is?"

     "I wonder."

     The girls headed for the bus. When they got home Tracy found there was
several hours until she could expect her Aunts return. After getting a drink
from Fiona they headed upstairs. There they talked over what had been a very
interesting day while first Tracy removed Sarah's chains then Sarah undressed
Tracy and dressed her in her casual house clothes of shorts and t-shirt, then
divested herself of her own clothing and put all their clothing away. Then she
came and knelt in front of Tracy who was seated on the bed.

     "Susie certainly seemed interested in bondage didn't she?" said Tracy, "Had
you noticed that before or is it since...?"

     "Since, I think. I don't remember noticing anything like that in her
interests before. I wonder if it is simply a reaction to what Harkins made her
do, or is it her true nature coming out?" Sarah sat back on her heels and looked
up at Tracy as she spoke.

     *Damn she looks so beautiful like that.* "I don't know. What I am worried
about though is how will she be treated in an orphanage. She is to pretty for
her to be safe in one if orphanages here are the same as on Nexus. A while back
there was a scandal there when it was discovered one orphanage for girls was
being used as a training school for forced prostitution. They were all being
forced to serve the staff sexually. I hope I'm wrong here but she is to pretty
for her own good. Has she ever shown any interest in girls?"

     "Not that I'm aware of. But remember she is at the development age now and
I haven't been there to see."

     "True enough." Tracy reached behind her and brought out the bag that was
there. She opened it and shook out its contents. The dildo and an accompanying
small bottle of oil. She examined it, admiring its shape and length and checked
the strap that was to hold it on. She glanced at Sarah and noted that her eyes
were fixed on the dildo. Tracy held it out to Sarah, who took it eagerly and
studied it as Tracy had. "Still want to try it, honey? It's up to you, you
know."

     "I know. And yes I want to try it when you're ready."

     "I've not asked you before, Sarah. But have you used one of these yourself
before?"

     "No never. But I have wondered what it was like. I didn't have the money
for one or I might have got one."

     "Have you any sex experience at all before now? With either boys or girls?"

     "No. None. You are my first. I went on one date but it never got past the
kissing stage and I found I wasn't all that interested anyway. What about you?"

     "The same. I went out on two dates, well one was actually a formal church
ball so nothing happened there. The other was just as you said, didn't get past
the kissing stage since the boy got himself sloshed. I remember I ended up
getting a cab home as I refused to get in his car since he insisted on driving
himself instead of letting the car drive itself and he was in no state to drive.
A good thing too. The next morning his father was calling Dad to represent the
boy. The police had pulled him over and he took a swipe at one of the officers,
so he was up for assaulting police as well as being drunk while driving. Dad
couldn't take the case of course since I was involved. That was the first time I
had to give evidence in court. He got six months and a hefty fine if I remember
rightly."

     "If you weren't there when he was arrested why did you have to give
evidence?"

     "To confirm what he had been doing and that he was drunk when I left him
and got the cab."

     Sarah tilted her head, listening, then glanced at the clock on the bedside
table. "That sounds like Ms Elizabeth. She's early if it is."

     "Yes. I guess today's case went quicker than expected." Tracy stiffened and
swept the dildo and the oil bottle back into the bag as the footsteps in the
hallway stopped at their door and there was a knock and the door opened.

     "Mind if I come in, girls?" asked Aunt Elizabeth.

     "Certainly, Aunt," replied Tracy, sweeping a magazine of a chair for her
Aunt. "Is something wrong?"

     Aunt Elizabeth sat down and gazed at the naked Sarah kneeling before her.
"No not wrong. Sarah, I just wanted to let you know immediately. Your mother's
trial has been brought forward. It appears the Hawkins family and their friends
have realised that the evidence is against them and are going to plead guilty.
However they still say your mother was a willing and knowing member of the gang,
Sarah, so she will have to give evidence. Tracy, you had better test out your
Light and have it ready."

     Tracy nodded "Has the date been set Aunt?"

     "Yes Next Thursday. Your mother will have been told today, Sarah." Aunt
Elizabeth stood up. "I'll leave you to it girls. See you at dinner." The door
closed behind her.

     Tracy touched Sarah who was now kneeling with her head bowed. At Tracy's
touch she raised her head as Tracy dropped on her knees and slipped an arm round
Sarah as she blinked away tears and rested her head on Tracy's shoulder. "It's
so unfair Tracy," she whispered. Tracy produced a handkerchief and dabbed away
the tears that threatened to fall.

     "You go and com your mother now she may need to talk to you right now."
Sarah nodded gratefully. Tracy got out Sarah's black tunic and gave it to her so
she would not appear naked on the com screen. Then she left the room and went to
speak to her Aunt.

     At dinner that night Sarah and Tracy described their visit to Frederica's
and what they saw there. Tracy also mentioned the offer of an invitation to
visit Pleasure Island. "Have you, the two of you, been there often?" she asked.

     Elizabeth and Freda exchanged smiles. "Several times, Tracy," replied Aunt
Freda, "It's a remarkable place. Fred has set out to make the island to run
something like an ancient Roman estate would have. There is little of the modern
world there. About the only allowances to the modern world is the use of modern
sewerage systems and modern cooking stoves so there is little use of trees to
burn for cooking or heating either, when needed. Slaves do all the work, and
also entertain the guests as well, if you get my meaning. If you go there  you
must be ready to see things like what Fred calls Roman orgies. These sessions
consist of much eating and drinking followed by much sexual activity with the
slaves. Both male and female you understand." Sarah and Tracy listened
spellbound to this.

     "Motor vehicles are not allowed on the Island, girls. Any moving around on
the Island is by foot. Supplies are shipped in, but are unloaded and carried
around either on slaves backs or on barrows pulled by slaves," continued Aunt
Elizabeth, "Perhaps we shouldn't say any more as it would spoil the surprise
when you get there. It's great fun."

     "What about Sarah? Will there e any trouble allowing her to leave the
city?"

     "I can authorise that," replied Aunt Freda, "Also Sarah since it is private
property, once on the Island, you can shed the chains and the tunic. But not the
collar, I'm afraid." Sarah nodded.

     "Are you going to try that toy Fred gave you tonight girls?" queried Aunt
Freda, smiling.

     They nodded.

     "Then go slowly and carefully as you start. Goodnight both of you."

     Tracy and Sarah headed up to their room.

     -------------

     Part 6 to come. The trial and the aftermath.




A Slave for Tracy

     Part 6.

     Tracy paused and looked down at her intended and very willing victim. Sarah
was lying on her back on the bed her eyes fixed on the dildo Tracy was strapping
on. After fastening the strap Tracy moved towards Sarah who showed her eagerness
by immediately opening her legs wide, displaying a pussy that was already moist.

     "I don't think you need much foreplay this evening, Honey," she said softly
as she moved into position.

     "Please Tracy just do it to me, pleaseeee.." came the eager answer.

     Not wanting to upset her lover any further, Tracy leant forward balancing
herself with a hand on either side of Sarah and rested the dildo on Sara's hole
then pushed slowly forward. The already oiled phallus slid slowly into Sarah,
who emitted a soft "Ohhh Yessss" as it sank into her. Slowly Tracy began to pump
the dildo in and out. She kept it slow at first, not wanting to hurt Sarah but
as the excitement rose between them she went faster. Sarah reached up and began
to play with Tracy's breasts. This attention plus the action of the dildos rear
end pressing into her cleft began to send Tracy over the edge along with Sarah.
Steadily Tracy pumped her tool in and out of Sarah, as Sarah moved her attention
from one breast to another, running her fingers over Tracy's tummy and back to
her breasts while moaning in pleasure from the dildos actions. Tracy found
herself growing more and more excited as she worked the dildo in and out of
Sarah. She struggled to control herself so as to give her lover more enjoyment.
She listened as Sarah gasped and moaned in pleasure as her orgasm built. Then
she realised her own orgasm was rising, building up in time with Sarah's.
"Ohhh...Yesss... Tracy it's coming. I can feel it. Keep going pleaseee...... I
going to cum soon. Don't stop pleaseeee. Yesssss.... I'm COMINGGGGG....."  Sarah
screamed as her body went over the edge, just as Tracy did the same. Tracy
collapsed on top of Sarah and lay there, The dildo popping out of Sarah and both
girls lying still as they fought for breath and waited for their bodies to
recover and their hearts to resume normal speed. Sara's arms slid around Tracy
as she hugged her friend and Mistress tightly.

     "Oh... Tracy... that... was... WONDERFUL...." she sighed happily.

     "It sure was," agreed Tracy dreamily. Then she fell asleep. The next thing
Tracy knew the sun was shining in the window and she found herself lying beside
a still sleeping Sarah. Then she realised the light was still on and she still
wore the dildo. She looked at the clock and blinked in surprise, then shook
Sarah gently.

     "Wake up Sarah, it's breakfast time. Wakey Wakey Love."

     "What was that.... you said .. Tracy," moaned Sarah as she blinked sleepily
at Tracy who had scrambled up and was heading for the bathroom, unstrapping the
dildo as she went.

     Tracy looked back at her lover. "I said it's breakfast time. Look at the
clock." She disappeared into the bathroom. Sarah looked and jerked awake as the
truth hit home.

     "Wow!... We slept the night through after that wonderful fuck," she gasped.
Then she stopped and stared at herself in the mirror. "Did I really say that?
Holyyyy."

     She set to work straitening the bed and tidying the room, at the same time
putting out Tracy's clothes for the day. Tracy returned just as Sarah finished.
Sarah headed for the bathroom while Tracy dressed. Then Tracy led the way down
the stairs to the dining room where they greeted Aunt Freda and Aunt Elizabeth.

     "Morning girls. How did you sleep last night?" asked Aunt Elizabeth as they
came in.

     "Like the proverbial log, Aunty," replied Tracy cheerfully, as she and
Sarah sat down.

     "Did you enjoy that toy Fred gave you?" inquired Aunt Freda.

     "Yes," both girls replied together. Then they both laughed.

     "Good."

     "What have you planned for today?"

     Sarah looked at Tracy. Actually they hadn't made any plans, but Tracy
replied, "Since the weather is fine I was thinking of trying one of those tours
by boat along the river. Have you been on one of them Sarah?"

     Sarah shook her head. "Not lately. Dad took us on one when I was seven.
I've been to some of the places you will see. The tours are said to be good
too."

     "If it's alright with you?" Tracy looked from one Aunt to the other. Both
nodded.

     "Take your camcorder, Tracy. You will see many sights you will want to
remember."

     Less then two hours later Tracy and Sarah were lined up to board a large
launch sporting the sign 'Scenic River Tours' for an all-day tour. Sarah had on
her back a pack containing two pairs of field glasses, Tracy's camcorder and the
first aid kit and some water. Soon the launch was churning slowly up the river
with the tour guide pointing out interesting sites to the forty odd passengers.
Tracy had noticed one or two people looking askance at Sarah in her prison tunic
and chains, and making whispered comments to fellow passengers. No-one spoke to
them.

     Sarah was able to give Tracy some extra detail on the history of some
spots. Tracy also saw an odd (to her) sight on the river - a large rowing-boat
being slowly rowed by a crew of male slaves with a group of well dressed women
sitting at rhe stern under a canopy. Tracy  could see that the slaves had their
hands in shackles and were chained to the side of the boat by the neck. As far
as she cold see Tracy thought the slaves all wore brown chains round their
necks. "A group of rich women enjoying the river," commented Sarah.

     The first half of the trip went off peacefully and by mid-day the launch
tied up at it's half-way point so passengers could stretch their legs and eat at
the several cafes there. Trouble started on the way back when one of the
passengers who had obversely had one to many glasses with his lunch, started
abusing Sarah.

     "Wha..t's she do..ing here. Why do we ho...nest people have to pu.. up with
having crims aroun...around us, Huh. Why."

     "Leave Sarah alone, please," said Tracy politely enough.

     "The drunken man peered at Tracy, his dark drooping moustache dripping from
his drinking. "Don.. worry, girly, I won.. let nasty crim hurt you."

     "No one is hurting me or anyone else, sir. Now please leave us alone."

     The man's face changed as it slowly sank in that Tracy was supporting
Sarah.

     "Are you shome sort of crim-lover, girly," sneered the drunk. "Better
shmarten.. yourshelf.. up or you'll be, in chains too."

     "At least I wouldn't be a drunk like you," shot back Tracy.

     "Not... drun..k," Chuckles came from some of the passengers close by. The
man turned from Tracy and accosted another woman. But before he could more then
leer at her the man next to her caught the drunk by the arm and dragged him over
to a vacant seat and pushed him down onto it. "Stay there and there will be no
trouble Mister," he said. The drunk subsided onto the seat and stared out at the
river. The passengers nodded and returned to their conversations. Tracy gave
Sarah a squeeze and both girls returned their attention to the scenes they were
passing by. However out of the corner of her eye Tracy noted the drunk had
produced a bottle and was drinking from it.

     The tour launch was about 3/4 the way back when Tracy saw the drunk rise
from his seat and head their way. "Don.. like crims.." he slurred. "Crims..
shou... be locked up." He made a grab for Sarah who had little trouble dodging
him. He lurched after her swinging his fists wildly and nearly hit another man
standing in his way. The man continued after Sarah and Tracy stepped in his way.
The man swung at her and Tracy caught his arm and twisted the man round with his
arm up behind him. "Not leave us alone, mister, we're not hurting anyone." She
dragged the man back to his seat and left him there.

     .The man stayed there for a moment then came after them again. He for Sarah
again. "Lock up the crim." he slurred loudly. Sarah backed away but was blocked
by the crowd who were also trying to escape him. Tracy planted herself between
Sarah and the drunk and stood still. The drunk stared at Tracy blearily then
tried to push her away. Tracy caught his arm again and twisted. The drunk found
himself sprawled on the floor. By the time the drunk was on his feet again, the
launch was manoeuvring to dock. The tour was over. Both girls heaved sighs of
relief as they left the boat.

     "Damn that fool," said Tracy, "He wrecked an otherwise very interesting
trip. Did you notice that not one of the crew tried to stop him?"

     "Yes. Funny that. Like they were afraid of him."

     "Yes."

     They headed for the bus stop. As they walked Tracy noticed that there were
several slaves, both male and female, being led around by their owners. Most of
the slaves were being used as beasts of burden, wearing loaded carry-bags or
carrying shopping bags in their hands. Some of the slaves were wearing odd (to
Tracy) harnesses that \she couldn't see the use of. Sarah explained, "The stiff
square things that one is wearing near his eyes are to make it impossible for
him to look anywhere but straight ahead. I understand it makes them concentrate
on the task his owner has set him, in this case to carry that carrysac on his
back and the bags in his hands. The harness that girl is wearing is said to
emphasise her breasts. See how it supports her breasts, makes them more
prominent without covering them. The harness also supports the carrysac on her
back without heavy straps affecting her breasts, see. And those two slavegirls
in tandem. See how the second one's head can't turn at all. She can only look
ahead and down to follow the lead girl who must  follow where their mistress
leads."

     "Almost like pack-animals in the old days on Earth. They are being used
like animals."

     "I guess they are, yes. It certainly emphasises control," replied Sarah.

     As they passed the courthouse where Aunt Elizabeth heard cases they found
there was a public flogging in progress. Most of the prisoners had been done.
Prison officers were just setting up the last batch of two, a young man round
age 17 or 18 and a much younger girl  Tracy realised must be aged 12 or 13. The
official read out the charges. The two were brother and sister caught
shoplifting by security cameras at several stores. To Tracy and Sarah's surprise
the sentencing judge was named as Magistrate Elizabeth Philips. She had
sentenced the two to a public flogging only, as it was a first offence. The boy
was to receive twenty strokes an the girl ten after which they would be released
into the care of their parents who Tracy realised must be the man and woman
standing near the frame, the woman weeping quietly. Both were hiding their faces
with newspapers. The boy was silent as he was fastened naked to the punishment
frame, but the equally naked girl screamed out "NO. NO. MUMMY... NO." constantly
as she struggled against her captors as they fastened her to the frame.

     The warder approached with the whip and the boy's face paled as he realised
the time had come. He was whipped first. The first stroke landed across his
shoulders. The next a little lower down and the next below that. By the fourth
stroke the boy was screaming. The crowd was counting the strokes. The twentieth
stroke landed on his mid thighs.

     Leaving the boy hanging  groaning and whimpering in his bonds, the warder
went on to the girl. She screamed louder than ever, pleading for mercy. Tracy
noted that none of the small watching crowd appeared to show any desire for
mercy to the girl due to her age or sex. The warder positioned himself and swung
his whip. The first stroke landed across the girl's shoulders. The next was
lower down and so on. The last two strokes were across the girls buttocks. The
warders released the two and the girl fell into her mothers arms sobbing
piteously, while the boy tried to control his sobbing and face his father. Coats
were slung over the pair by the parents, which were not appreciated by either of
them due to their stinging backs. Both were still whimpering as they were led
away by their parents.

     "Wow. Wonder if they'll break the law again after that," commented Tracy as
the two started off.

     "The girl, no. The boy, hmmm he's tougher. Maybe he will. And maybe she
will follow big brother again," replied Sarah, "You can't be certain."

     That night they described their day to Aunt Freda and Aunt Elisabeth. Both
Aunts looked pleased (and Tracy squirmed in embarrassment) when Sarah described
how Tracy had protected her from the drunk. She tried to change the subject by
describing the whipping they had witnessed. Aunt Elizabeth nodded when they
mentioned the brother and sister shoplifters. "Yes that case was on Friday. I
guess they didn't bother appealing. If they had the appeals court might  have
increased the sentence, not reduced it. I only hope they have learnt that crime 
brings punishment, painful punishment. As well as shame on the family."

     "This sure is different to Nexus," said Tracy, "There the names of the
children are protected so there is no shame on the family. The opposite of
here."

     "It is hoped that the shame it brings is a deterrent to some extent,
Tracy." explained Aunt Elizabeth, "But such deterrents are not reliable. What
have you two planned for tomorrow?"

     Sarah looked at Tracy who replied, "As you said, Aunt. Test the Truth
Light."

     "Good."

     "I'll also like to complete the assembly of the Discipline Strip in our
room."

     "Oh, Yes. I noticed you hadn't fitted the Hoist," replied Aunt Elizabeth,
"You ever been suspended, Sarah?"

     "No, M'am." Sarah eyes were big as she looked at Tracy.

     "Then take it in short periods, Tracy."

     "Yes, Aunt."

     "You mean it? You are going to suspend me by my wrists?"

     "Yes, for short periods as Aunt said. If you don't like it you have only to
say so and that will be the end of it. You know I'm not out to hurt you, but you
were interested in those suspended  slaves at Fredericka's and I thought you
should try it. What do you think?"

     "If you are running it I'll try anything once. I trust you."

     Tracy squeezed Sarah's hand. Then she yawned. "Oh. Sorry."

     Aunt Freda chuckled. "Off to bed you two. See you tomorrow."

     "Thankyou. Goodnight Aunt Freda, Aunt Elizabeth."

     "Night, girls."

     Sarah and Tracy headed for the stairs.

     Next morning after breakfast Tracy dragged the case containing the Truth
Light from under her bed, opened it and began to assemble it. Sarah watched her
curiously.

     "I wonder if there are prisoners who would not be in prison if they had
been able to give their evidence under one of these," she commented.

     "I know. I suggested that to my Aunt. Offered to use this light to hear
statements from prisoners who thought it may help their cases. She pointed out I
would have to allow the chance to all prisoners in all prisons if I was willing
to do that. It wouldn't be fair otherwise. I said yes and she said she would
pass the offer on to the Justice Department. That was months ago. I haven't
heard anything since. And I know several girls have said they're in on false
charges. Remember the day we met? Several girls said then they could have used a
light. But couldn't afford it. I understand there are now more Lights on this
planet, but the are still scarce, and lawyers are charging high for there use."

     Tracy finished assembling the device. It consisted of a light on a stand
like a stand alone reading lamp. It was connected to a black box that contained
the transmitter that created the special signals that were sent through the
light into the subjects brain. There was a control box with switches and dials
used by the operator during the testing to ensure the Light was working
properly. After completing the tests on its circuitry. Tracy looked at Sarah.

     "Mind if I try it on you? I know you have done this before..?"

     "Sure."

     Tracy set the light on its stand beside the chair and Sarah sat down. Tracy
strapped the sensor on Sarah's wrist that monitored her heart rate then switched
on the Light and Sarah was bathed in its purple glow. "OK. Tell me how much you
love prison life Sarah."

     "I find prison life very enn...nnn... Living in Robinvale Prison is very
nn...nn... I find prison life OOO...." Sarah grinned at Tracy, "I guess its
working. I couldn't even say OK."

     "I noticed. Fine thanks Sarah. Guess that should do it. Everything else
checks out too."

     Tracy rapidly disassembled the Light and packed it back in its case. She
slid the case back under her bed and then drew the box with the remaining
equipment for the Discipline Strip.

     "That's the winch that goes at the top?" queried Sarah.

     "Looks like it. Fetch the ladder from the storeroom, please Love." Sarah
nodded and trotted out the door. She was back in five minutes and set up the
step-ladder in the required place. Tracy went up the ladder and snapped the arm
that held the winch and it's motor in place along with the angled supporting
bar. She then came down and collected the winch and motor which came in one unit
and took it up and set it in place, tightening the clamps securely. She then
plugged the short power cable into the provided socket in the wall and came
down. Picking up the remote control she pushed the 'Down' button and both girls
watched as the rope with its hook was lowered. They looked at each other.

     "Ready to try it, Honey?"

     "Oh! Yes."

     Tracy produced the bar with shackles at each end and a ring in the centre
and Sarah held out her hands. She was soon secured to the winch rope by the ring
in the bar. "I'll only lift you just off the ground, Sarah. You only have to say
and I'll lower you at once. Ready?"

     Sarah nodded and Tracy pushed the 'Up' button and Sarah's hands were slowly
pulled up. Tracy watched, enthralled at the sight of the naked Sarah as her arms
were stretched above her head, then she was slowly pulled off her feet. Tracy
pushed the 'Stop' button on the remote and Sarah hung suspended about ten
centre-metres off the floor. Sarah kicked her feet back and forward and grinned
at Tracy.

     "This is good, Tracy, it doesn't hurt at all."

     "Not yet, maybe," warned Tracy, "We'll wait a little while and see if that
changes with the arms." Tracy approached the suspended Sarah and slowly ran her
hands down Sarah's sides as she gazed at the girl. "You look beautiful, Honey,"
she said. Then she stepped aside and gestured at the mirror. "Look at what I
see."

     "Wow! That's MEE."

     "It sure is. How do the arms feel?"

     "Fine so far. Ooohh."

     Sarah smiled as Tracy returned to running her hands over Sarah's body,
slowly slipping a hand over a breast and pausing to roll a nipple between thumb
and forefinger. Then she was slowly covering Sarah's neck and breasts in kisses
and rolling both nipples. Then Tracy was slowly chewing and licking the pair of
beautiful nipples. Sarah gasped and moaned happily. She couldn't understand it.
*Why do I feel this is so right? I feel that my body should belong to Tracy to
do what she wants with. Why? Why does this all feel so RIGHT?*

     Tracy had kissed and licked her way down to Sarah's belly-button before she
could recall where she and more importantly Sarah was. She gazed up at Sarah's
face. "How are your arms, Honey? Want to come down?"

     "I can feel some strain, Tracy. I'm sorry," came the apologetic reply.

     Tracy immediately sought the remote and pushed the 'Down' button. The winch
slowly began to lower its occupant. Sarah was soon on her feet. As her arms came
lower she winced as the blood returned to them. "Guess there has to be a price
to pay for fun and games," she smiled.

     "If it hurts to much...."

     "No. I like it actually, I don't know why I do but I do," assured Sarah,
"Perhaps it won't feel as bad with practice."

     Tracy rubbed Sarah's arms as they came lower. Then she stopped the winch
and released Sarah's hands. "Sit and rest a while. I'll take the ladder back."

     Sarah jumped at once. "No I'm the slave here," she said smiling, "I should
do that."

     "If your sure your arms..."

     "I'm sure." Sarah seized the stepladder and disappeared out the door. Tracy
set about clearing up the tools used to assemble the winch.

    

     Tracy slipped an arm around Sarah as they approached the building. It was
the day of the trial and Sarah looked miserable. She insisted on carrying the
Truth Light, even though it was especially awkward for her since her hands were
chained as usual. As they and Aunt Freda (Aunt Elizabeth was hearing a case)
neared the door a voice hailed them.

     "Hello there, Freda, Tracy, Sarah. How are you today?"

     "Cousin Kerry," replied Tracy, surprised.

     "Hello, Kerry, Good to see you. Are you involved in this case or another
one?" queried Aunt Freda.

     "Your case actually. I was one of the arresting officers. You OK Sarah?"

     Sarah smiled sadly at her, "I'm fine thanks. Has Mother and Susan arrived
yet?"

     "Here they are now." Tracy and Sarah turned as a cab pulled up and out
stepped Wendy Dutton, Susan and their lawyer Stephen Jenkins. Sarah set down the
case holding the Light and ran to hug her mother and sister. Tracy (with the
Light), Aunt Freda and Kerry joined them. After introductions Stephen Jenkins
looked at the case Tracy carried curiously.

     "Is that the Truth Light Ms Wilson?"

     "Yes."

     "This is going to be interesting. They are so rare I haven't worked with
one before. Is there anything I should know before we start?"

     "Not really. It only affects the person being questioned of course. Just
remember to keep a record of the questions you ask and the answers given because
every question has to be asked twice. Once under each Light. It takes time, but
it is worth it in the long run. Once they became common on Nexus, court costs
went down somewhat because people realised the truth would out and more people
pleaded guilty and court time per case actually went down. Which meant court
backlogs were lessened. It didn't lessen the number of appeals any, though more
appeals were on severity of sentence, not guilt or innocence."

     "I see. And how come you own a light yourself Ms Wilson?"

     Tracy explained briefly about her family's demise on Nexus and her
subsequent move to Camelot. At the courthouse door all bags were checked and all
people had to go through a scanner. As they entered the courtroom Jenkins said
to Tracy, "You will sit with me please Ms. Wilson, since you will be setting up
the Light soon enough."

     "Very well," replied Tracy. Tracy found herself sitting just behind Wendy
and Stephen Jenkins. Beside them sat George Harris, defence council to the other
defendants. Tracy could hear the snide remarks made by Harris as they waited.
The prosecuting council, Ms Taylor sat across from them.

     The court was called to order and Justice Doris Vernan took her seat. Then
the defendants were brought into the defendants box. Tracy could see Wendy,
sitting in front of her, was nervous and tense. David Hawkins fixed his eyes on
her the minute he entered the defendants box and glared at her constantly. The
charges were read out and the defendants were required to state wether they were
guilty or not guilty. To the charges of Murder David Alfred Hawkins and Helen
Natilee Hawkins pleaded Guilty. To the charge of Robbery with Violence,  David
Alfred Hawkins, Helen Natilee Hawkins, Samuel George Reading and Kevin John
Hawkins all pleaded Guilty.

     To the charge of being an Accessory to a Robbery with Violence Wendy Alice
Dutton pleaded Guilty with Mitigating Circumstances. Wendy Alice Dutton pleaded
Not Guilty to Knowingly Conspiring to Commit a Violent Crime.  Judge Vernon then
asked Wendy Dutton whether she wanted a jury trial or would accept the judges
decision guided by the Truth Lights. Jenkins replied for his client saying his
client would accept the Judge's decision. Judge Vernan informed the court that
the hearing would now concentrate on evidence in relation to Wendy Dutton's Not
Guilty and Guilty with Mitigating Circumstances pleas, after which she would
hear summarisation from each counsel and announce sentences.

     Wendy Dutton was called to the Witness Box. The Judge announced to the
Court that she would be giving her testimony under Truth Light. Tracy was called
to set up the Light. She came forward and quickly assembled her Light. She
strapped the sensor on Wendy's wrist and switched the Light on. Wendy Dutton was
bathed in its purple glow. Her lawyer Stephen Jenkins began questioning her,
identifying her and confirming that she had worked for the Bank in a position of
trust for many years. She described how a few months after her husband had died
she met and subsequently married David Alfred Hawkins and had been his wife for
a year and that the marriage had since been ended. He went on to question her on
life with David (Alfred) Hawkins, what the subject of their conversations were
over the months after the marriage and how David Hawkins, who insisted on being
known as 'Alfred', would constantly question her on her job at the bank and how
he gradually gained a full knowledge of her knowledge of the Bank's security
system.

     "Was David Hawkins able to gain a full understanding of the bank's security
system from you?"

     "No. I didn't have any of the necessary codes used by the second team and
they didn't have any of mine. Members of both teams were required to be present
to open the main security doors and gates."

     "Did you explain this to David Hawkins?"

     "No."

     "Why not?"

     "He never asked. I never thought to tell him. I thought he was just showing
interest in me."

     "You had no knowledge of his plans or intentions."

     "No."

      Continuing on, Jenkins questioned her on the relationship between David
Hawkins and her children, this bringing out Sarah's story and Hawkins refusal to
obtain a Truth Light for Sarah's trial, which Wendy now saw as his way of
'getting rid' of Sarah so she could not hamper his plans. Under Jenkins
questions, Wendy described life in the house with Hawkins, his sister and
brother's constant visits and her horror when she had discovered, after the
robbery attempt, of Hawkins sexual molestation of Susan. He also brought out the
fact that Wendy Dutton no longer owned the home she and her first husband had
worked for twenty years to pay for, how David Hawkins had made her sign mortgage
papers on the house and now the bank was claiming the house. Jenkins explained
to the court that it was now clear that Hawkins had used some of the money to
purchase the equipment used in the break-in. The rest had been gambolled away.
After he had finished, Wendy had to face questions from  the Prosecutor. However
Ms Taylor simply emphasised that Wendy COULD have known about the plans for the
robbery, but it was shown by the Truth Light that she had not. When she had
finished  George Harris, The defence council to the rest of the defendants,
faced her.

     "Ms Dutton I put it to you that not only did you know of the raid but
actually suggested it to my innocent client. I suggest to you that you did know
about the intentions because you planned it yourself and only involved my
clients when you realised you could not do it alone. That is why you set out to
seduce my client David Hawkins and his sister. After all it was not the first
time your family was involved in crime was it? Your eldest daughter is a
murderer. Just how did your first husband die Ms Dutton? I understand it was put
down to heart failure. His body has been cremated hasn't it? Fortunate for you
it can't be examined for poisons isn't it?"

     "NO. NO. NO." screamed a distraught Wendy Dutton. From where she monitored
the Light, Tracy could see there was no attempt on Wendy's part to fight the
Light. She was speaking the truth.

     Wendy Dutton burst into tears as Harris fired his questions at her. Jenkins
leapt up and demanded the questions stop. Judge Vernon called the court to order
and told Harris to calm his questions down. Wendy Dutton struggled to get her
emotions under control. Harris said he had no further questions.

     "Very well, we will recess for 15 minutes after which the questions will be
repeated under Prosecutors Truth Light. Court is recessed." Judge Vernan rose
and left the court-room. Tracy switched the Light off and removed the sensor
from Wendy's arm. She then proceeded to pack the Light back into its case. A
court official appeared carrying a already assembled Truth Light and set it in
place. Jenkins was speaking quietly to Wendy. who had now got herself back under
control. Tracy went back to her seat. She paused and sent a smile to Sarah who
was sitting with Aunt Freda. Tracy wondered if Kerry Davis was in the witness's
Waiting Room wondering if she and the other police officers involved in the case
will be needed to give evidence.

     Fifteen minutes later court resumed. For the second time Jenkins led Wendy
Dutton through her evidence, carefully repeating his questions. Finally he was
finished and the Prosecutor then repeated her questions. After her George Harris
repeated his questions. At no time was there any indication that Wendy's words
were blocked, meaning the Light was satisfied she spoke the truth as she knew
it. Finally Harris was done and the Prosecutors Light was extinguished and
removed. Judge Vernon now called on counsels to give their summaries

     Judge Vernon now summed up and announced the sentences. Each accused person
was required to rise as the Judge announced her sentence

     "David Alfred Hawkins for the crime of Murder I sentence you to a life of
preputial servitude, the sentence to begin with 200 strokes of the lash. For the
crime of Breaking into and attempting to rob the Harris Street Branch of
National Bank and Robbery with Violence, I sentence you to forty years in
servitude, the sentences to be served consecutively." Hawkins sat down stony
faced.

     "Helen Natilee Hawkins for the crime of murder I sentence you to a life of
perpetual servitude, the sentence to begin with 200 strokes of the lash. For
your part in the crime of breaking into the Harris Street branch of the National
Bank you are sentenced to forty years in servitude, the sentences to be served
consecutively." Helen Hawkins sat down white faced.

     "Samuel George Reading for the crime of Wounding with Intent to Kill you
are sentenced to fifty years of servitude to begin with 100 strokes of the lash.
For your part in the crime of breaking into the Harris Street branch of the
National Bank you are sentenced to forty years in servitude, the sentences to be
served consecutively." Samuel Reading sat down shaking.

     "Kevin John Hawkins, for the crime of Wounding with Intent to Kill you are
sentenced to fifty years of servitude to begin with 150 strokes of the lash. For
your part in the crime of breaking into the Harris Street branch of the National
Bank you are sentenced to forty years in servitude, the sentences to be served
consecutively." Kevin Hawkins tried to mimic his brother but his shaking knees
made it hard.

     "Wendy Alice Dutton  you pleaded Not Guilty to the charge of being an
Accessory to a Robbery with Violence. Since the Truth Lights showed you speak
the Truth when you say you knew nothing of the plans to rob your employer, I
therefore find you not guilty of that charge."

     "To the charge of being an Accessory to a Robbery with Violence Wendy
Dutton you pleaded Guilty with Mitigating Circumstances. I sentence you to ten
years servitude with a non-parole period of seven years. You will also receive
thirty strokes of the lash. Court adjourned."

     Tracy saw that as the Court stood in respect while the Judge rose and left
the court, Wendy Dutton hat collapsed back into her chair. Tracy looked round at
Sarah and saw that she was making her way to where her mother sat closely
followed by Susan. She arrived as prison officers came to collect Wendy. Sarah
threw her arms over her mother and hugged her tightly.

     "It will be all right Mother. You'll cope, you'll see. It's only seven
years." said Sarah. Susan wrapped her arms around her mother and hugged her,
sobbing. Aunt Freda came up to Tracy as the prison officers snapped handcuffs on
Wendy. Sarah lifted her arms over her mother's head and put them over Susan
instead. She drew Susan back so the prison officers could do their job.

     "You will be able to see your mother tomorrow Susan," said Aunt Freda
quietly. She nodded to the prison officers, "Carry on."

     "When will she be flogged?" asked Tracy quietly as she picked up the Light
in its case.

     "Some time next week, I expect. Do you want to see it? You have already
seen floggings I know, but when it's a family member it's different. You don't
have to."

     "Yes I do, please," said Sarah as they turned to leave, "I don't know why,
but I know I should be there."

     "Me too," sniffed Susan.

     As they neared Aunt Freda's car, Susan spoke again. "Mother never told me
what was to happen to me. Am I supposed to go to an orphanage or something?"

     "No Susan. Your coming with us." replied Aunt Freda with a smile.

     "I am?"

     "She is. Aunt, that's wonderful of you." gasped Tracy.

     "Oh! Thankyou so much Ms Philips," said Sarah a she hugged Susan.

     They piled aboard the car and Aunt punched in a new destination. Then she
produced some papers and handed them to Susan. "Read these. Your old enough to
understand them."

     After a moments silence, Susan said slowly, "I'm a bonded student. Bonded
to you M'am and your sister for the next five years."

     "That's right. We are going to your place now to collect your luggage."

     "Mum had it all packed but I thought it was because the Bank is taking the
house tomorrow anyway. Hawkins never made any repayments on the loan. Errr...
Does this mean I will have to wear a green chain?"

     "Yes, that's right," replied Aunt Freda.

      Susan was silent for the rest of the trip to her home. She looked at the
house as the car slowed and stopped. *My ex-home now. I wouldn't be sorry to
leave. Not after what happened.*

     They collected the cases and boxes and headed for home. Tracy slipped an
arm round Sarah who lent into her shoulder contentedly. Susan, seated on the
other side of Sarah looked over Sarah's bowed head at Tracy and smiled. Sarah
however did not smile. Tracy saw a tear trickle down Sarah's cheek. Tracy
thought she could guess Sarah's thoughts. They would be for her Mother and her
destroyed family. Tracy sighed and wiped the tear away silently. There wasn't
much you could say to ease this situation.

     They arrived home just after midday. Fiona had lunch ready and after
getting Susan and her luggage into her room, they settled down to enjoy the
meal. Susan was agog when she saw Sarah emerge naked from the room. she shared
with Tracy. "I'm a crim-slave, Susan. Tracy has me stay naked most of the time
when were home so I'm reminded of my status." she explained.

     "Oh! errr.. Am I supposed to be naked to?"

     "I don't know. You'll have to ask Ms Philips. I don't think so. You're not
a crim-slave."

     Tracy who had heard the conversation, smiled gently. "Would you like to be
a slave, Susan? I remember you said you were interested in chains and dungeons"

     "Hmmm.. That's right." said Sarah.

     "I... I'm not sure," confessed a red faced Susan, "When I think of it -
especially if I imagine myself tied up and helpless I get funny tingles inside
and once I seemed to orgasm just because of thinking of what that would be like.
Am I stupid or something? I don't know what to think."

     "Would you mind all that much if it turned out that you did like that sort
of thing Susan? its not as if it would prevent you having a good school and
career life. What you do at home is your affair no one else's you know."

     "I understand."

     "Tracy is right there Susan," said Aunt Freda from the end of the table,
"If  you are interested in slavery then learn about it. It won't hurt to you
know. After you do know something of it you may change your mind. That's quite
all right too."

     "I see," said Susan, who was still looking at the naked Sarah. Than she
turned to Tracy. "Tracy do you punish Sarah?"

     "If she does something wrong. Sure."

     "Do...do you whip her?"

     "No I don't like the whip. It leaves nasty marks. I spank her with a paddle
if I use corporal punishment."

     "How often do you have to spank her?"

     "I've actually only spanked her once. Sarah is a good girl. Also since I
love her I'm probably more lenient than other handlers, especially those
'Satanists' ones at school. They are out to make their girls lives miserable.
I'm not."

     "I see."

     When they had finished eating, Aunt Freda looked at Susan. "Come here
child," she said, beckoning her to the end of the table. Susan rose and went to
her. "Kneel, Susan."

     Susan stared at her in surprise. Then she saw the green chain Aunt Freda
was holding and understood. Slowly she sank onto her knees and knelt with her
back straight, her eyes fixed on Aunt Freda's. "Lift your hair up off your neck,
dear. That's right." Aunt Freda slipped the green chain round Susan's neck and
closed the lock. She showed Susan a key. "This will unlock that chain in five
years from now. For as long as that chain is on your neck you are part of our
family, Susan. I hope you will be happy here. However you will be expected to
obey orders from either myself, Elizabeth and Tracy. Tracy said earlier that she
rarely punishes Sarah. Sarah has been an obedient girl since she came here and
has rarely needed reprimanding. I hope you will be the same. HOLD it." Susan who
had started to rise, froze. "Did I tell you to stand?"

     "N... no, M'am"

     "Kneel, Susan." Susan resumed her kneeling position.

     "This is your first day so I will not punish you this time. But remember in
future to be more self disciplined, Susan. While you are not a slave you are a
bond-woman, now. You must be properly courteous to your elders including Tracy
since you are not a totally free person now. Do you understand me Susan?"

     "Not... not exactly, M'am." Tracy noticed that Susan's eyes were bright
with eagerness.

     "I mean you must always be sure you are obeying orders, Susan. Tracy will
probably be the one to give you your instructions most of the time. If you fail
in some way she can discipline you. It doesn't have to be corporal discipline
either. She may chain you up for instance if you fail to obey. To prevent this
from happening you only have to obey orders, understand?"

     "Yes M'am."

     "Good. Now stand." Susan stood up.

     "That's better. Tracy and Sarah will help you settle in. Now off you all
go." The three girls headed for the stairs.

     Once in Tracy's room, Sarah went and stood quietly in her place, while
Susan questioned Tracy. "What was that all about? Did she mean you can punish
me?"

     "Yes."

     "Smack me, even?"

     "If necessary, yes."

     "Who decides if it's necessary?"

     "I can." Tracy looked straight at Susan. "Or you can."

     "I can! What do you mean?"

     "You may do something which you afterwards realise you shouldn't have done.
You could then tell me and I will decide if you should be disciplined. Some
people may think such and act is only done by a person of honour. Others may
think it is only done by those who enjoy pain. It's for you to decide which one
you are."

     "I see, I think."

     "You will in time. We don't expect you to understand everything all at
once. Come on. We'll get your stuff unpacked." Tracy led the way into Susan's
room.

     Susan gestured at the cases and boxes. "You understand this isn't all my
stuff. Sarah's and Mum's stuff is there as well and also a few family treasures
from when Dad was alive. Mum said I was to keep them for her. Is that all
right?"

     "Yes. We'll take your mother's and Sarah's stuff down to the storeroom for
now though, since you won't be needing it. I see you bought your PC too. Good.
You can set it up tomorrow." replied Tracy.

     After unpacking Susan's clothes they returned to Tracy's room. Sarah went
straight to her place and stood with her back to the wall. Tracy faced Susan.

     "Susan, if you  still don't understand Aunt Freda, understand this. When
you are in this room you are totally under my direction. When you are in your
own room you can move about that room as you wish, though you are required to
keep it tidy and still follow instructions. But in here you do what I say
without question. For instance stop slouching. Back straight, that's better. Now
go over to the wall and stand beside Sarah, with your back to the wall,
shoulders back. Go on. Move. Good that's better. Right. That is your place in
this room. Understand?"

     "No. What do you mean 'my place in your room'?"

     "Would you like to explain Sarah?"

     "Tracy is saying that when you enter this room, which is her room, you will
have to follow her rules. If you are not here to do a certain task or carrying
something, then you are to come here and either stand or kneel here and wait
until Tracy is ready for you. Understand?"

     "I think so," replied Susan slowly, "I can't move about in this room. Is
that it?"

     "Right," replied Sarah, "If it helps, that rule applies to me to, which is
why I'm standing here. It simply means Tracy rules in her room. If you break
this rule without a good reason, you must expect to be disciplined."

     "If you were a totally free person, Susan, you could apply the same rule in
your room. In fact you may eventually do so if you continue to live here after
your bond ends. This rule does not apply to my Aunts of cause as they, or at
least Aunt Freda, is responsible for the building as a whole. Anyway you will
soon see they rarely come in here and it is just as rare for me or Sarah to
enter their rooms. Is this clear to you?"

     "I think so. May I ask a question."

     "You may."

     "What is this row of holes for and that thing up there with rope hanging
from it?"

     "That is a Discipline Strip, Susan. Ever heard of them?"

     "Yeees I have. First time I've seen one though. It's for tying up slaves,
isn't it? How does it work?"

     "You put rings into the holes, like you see there, and then chain a slave
to the ring. You can set the rings at various heights to accommodate slaves of
various heights and also to able you to secure the slave in various ways. For
instance you can chose to secure the slave by the ankle or the wrist or the
neck. Or more than one of those. A ring is put in the strip at the right height
to enable you to do it."

     Susan was staring at the row of holes, her eyes wide. She turned to Sarah.
"Has Tracy chained you...."

     "Often," smiled Sarah, "It doesn't hurt you know. Just stops you from going
anywhere else."

     "But I thought she loves you. How can she love you and do this to you?"

     "The holes and chains are a means of control, Susan.  Tracy has to be able
to control me because of the situation I'm in. Or perhaps I should say my
status. Believe me there are much worse Handlers in the school than Tracy.
You'll see them for yourself when school starts up again."

     Susan moved closer to the wall and ran her hand over the series of holes.
"Is there a set of these holes in my room too?"

     "Yes. But they're covered up at present."

     "Are you going to chain me up to?"

     "If necessary. As has already been said, Susan, you are not actually a
slave. You shouldn't need to be chained up. Why? Would you like to be chained to
the wall?"

     Susan was silent for a moment, then, "Maybe. I don't know.  This is all so
new and sudden. And..." Tears filled Susan's eyes and Sarah wrapped her arms
round her sister as she dissolved into sobs, her body shaking. Sarah gently
eased her down onto the floor and soon Susan was curled up in her sisters arms.
Tracy left them there knowing that right now that was the best thing to do.

     Later after she had recovered Susan came over to where Tracy was curled up
on the bed, reading. She knelt down and looked at Tracy with red puffy eyes. 
"Tracy, I'm sorry about that scene and being such a baby. In answer to your last
question, I think I would like to be chained. I have been having these dreams
lately of being chained up in a dungeon, hanging by my wrists and being whipped.
The idea scared me at first. But later when I went into the city to shop, I
started going and watching the criminals being flogged. I would get this strange
feeling that I should be the one being flogged. It was as if I knew I deserved
it. And yet I haven't done anything to deserve it that I know off. What wrong
with me?"

     "Nothing at all, Susan," replied Tracy quietly, "Your growing up, maturing.
Especially your body. Its going through a lot of changes at this time of your
life. That effects the way you think to some extent. Only time will show whether
you are actually a true slave or submissive. If you like we can treat you as a
submissive here and see if you like it. We can stop it any time. But tell me,
can you remember what you had been doing when you started to have these ideas or
dreams? Also, is it only in the last year these ideas appeared or did they start
earlier?"

     Susan frowned thoughtfully. "I think it was a few months after Mum married
Hawkins. Yes. It was when I started to feel scared of how he was looking at me."
Susan sat back on her heals, head bowed, staring down at the floor. "Then when
he forced me to... to service him, I felt so dirty. But then I began to feel
that it was all I  was good for. That I should be his slave serving him in that
way. That was when I started to have these dreams." Susan looked at Tracy and
then over at Sarah who was kneeling in her place, a horrified look on her face
as she listened to Susan speak to Tracy. Susan looked back up at Tracy, "Am I a
natural slave, then Tracy?" she whispered.

     "Not necessarily, Susan," replied Tracy, "From what you've just said it
could actually have been simply your mind trying to defend itself from the shock
of what you were being forced to do. There are articles about people who have
been in similar situations to yours and they actually learnt to accept and even
like it. They become convinced that it was the right thing to do or that they
are only fit to be a slave and serve in whatever way their captors made them. I
think you may need some counselling. Then maybe you will be able to answer the
question as to whether you are a submissive."

     "I see." Susan yawned and Tracy grinned.

     "Guess it's time you headed for bed. You've had a big day."

     "I guess so." Tracy lent forward and kissed Susan on the forehead.
"Goodnight Susan Sweet dreams. Like Sarah to tuck you in?"

     "I, well." Susan blushed as Sarah came up to her and took her hand.

     "Come on sis. Bedtimes." Sarah nodded to Tracy and led a willing Susan out
of the room. Tracy heard movements in the bathroom then silence. Shortly Sarah
returned and came over to Tracy and sat on the bed.

     "Thanks for being so kind to her , Tracy. I hope she won't be a problem. It
was very good of your Aunts to do this."

     Tracy slipped an arm round Sarah and squeezed her. "That's OK honey. This
is all so wrong. That kid has been through hell. I wasn't fooling about
counselling, either. She may well need that or help of some kind. Certainly more
help than I can give her. I'll speak with my Aunts tomorrow. But for now I think
it's bed for us too. What do you think?"

     "I think yes," replied Sarah as Tracy drew her down onto the bed and
wrapped her arms around her.

     The next morning found Tracy accompanying Sarah and Susan across the road
to Robinvale Prison. They were passed in and taken to the visitors room where
they sat down at a table with a metal grill across it and a single chair in the
cubicle opposite. After a short wait a warder escorted Wendy Dutton into the
room and into the chair opposite them. She now wore the same black tunic Sarah
wore and a brown collar round her neck. She looked rather wan to Tracy.

     "Mother," Susan said eagerly, "Are you all right?" She stretched her hand
out and poked her fingers through the grill, but her mother made no attempt at
physical contact.

     "No dear, I didn't sleep well last night," came the reply in a weary voice,
"How are you getting on in your new home?" Then to Sarah and Tracy. "Hello
Sarah. Good morning Ms Wilson. I hope Susan is not being any trouble."

     "Why couldn't you sleep last night Mother?" asked Sarah, concern in her
voice.

     "How could I," snapped Wendy Dutton, "I'm to be flogged next week. Thirty
strokes. How can I sleep thinking of that?"

     "Think of the Hawkins, Mother," replied Sarah calmly, "It's 200 for them
remember. You will have it all over in one session, they will have to go there
four times. Have you spoken to Natilee since you arrived?"

     "No. I haven't seen her and I don't want to. This is all her fault, her and
her brother. They've wrecked my life and put me in  prison and now I going to be
publicly stripped and flogged and I didn't actually DO anything. And once the
flogging is over I'm to be leased out to only God knows who. A brothel probably
where I will have to serve men as a sex toy. I'll never live it down. How will I
get a job when it is all over? Seven years for loving the wrong man. and it's
called Justice. As if you going  and getting yourself imprisoned wasn't enough,
Sarah. The neighbours quickly turned their noses up on me when that happened.
Qh! I don't know what I'll do."

     Tracy listened to the tirade from Wendy Dutton with mounting irritation.
Not one word of concern about her children. No thanks for the use of the Truth
Light which had proved her innocence. She seemed to blame Sarah for getting
herself arrested, ignoring the rape of her youngest child which actually caused
it. What sort of mother was this Wendy Dutton? She obversely favoured Susan over
Sarah, although that wasn't strange since favouring the youngest was common
enough.. But this woman was clearly very self-centred, decided Tracy.

    

     "Are you two still sure of this?" queried Tracy as they walked along the
street, "It is not to late to change your mind."

     "Yes," replied Sarah.

     "Yes," from Susan.

     "OK. We will be in time I think. 10 AM, Aunt Freda said. Look there are
others here already."

     "There's always a crowd, even if only a small one," replied Sarah, as they
turned into the park opposite the courthouse. "Do you want to stay back or get
up front where she may see you?"

     "Up front," replied Susan.

     "Yes," agreed Sarah.

     "OK," said Tracy and they wormed there way through the small crowd to the
front. Just as they got there was a stir in the crowd as the prison van drew up.
The warders brought out the prisoners. The prisoners were made to strip. They
consisted of six men and two women. The men included David Hawkins and his
associates, the women were Wendy Dutton and Natilee Hawkins. The warders seized
four of the men and soon had them secured to the frame. Those waiting their turn
were made to kneel. Their hands were shackled behind them and they were chained
to the van by a chain from their necks.

     One of the warders read out the charges and sentences, then the flogging
began. Wendy Dutton was obversely upset. She tried to get away and was pushed
onto her knees beside Natilee Hawkins who seemed to be able to face her fate
calmly. Tracy actually saw when Wendy Dutton spotted her children in the front
row of the crowd. A look of horror which quickly changed to anger and then shame
came over face, and her head was lowered. Natilee also seemed to spot Sarah or
Susan and said something to Wendy who nodded. One of the men being flogged was
David Hawkins. Tracy noticed Natilee Hawkins was watching her brother as he
received his fifty strokes. He screamed as loudly as the other men had as he
received his fifty strokes.  When his flogging ceased David Hawkins sagged in
his chains groaning and sobbing. Natilee Hawkins watched on anxiously as her
brother was released and marched back to the van. The next four were released
from the van and marched up to the frame. Natilee Hawkins went calmly while
Wendy Dutton screamed "NO NO" as she was dragged up to the frame and secured,
her hands over her head and her ankles apart. Sarah and Susan were standing
right behind where their mother was secured. The flogging began on the other
side of the frame with the two men. Wendy Dutton pulled at her shackles and
screamed "NO PLEASE NO". Natilee Hawkins stood stoically waiting her punishment.

     When it was Natilee's turn Wendy stopped screaming and said, "Now you are
going to get your deserts, girl. I hope you suffer for what you did to me."
Natilee didn't reply. She took the first two strokes in silence then she began
to sob and groan. The red marks of the lash began at her shoulders and went
slowly down her back then the buttocks, finishing finally on her thighs. She
sagged in her chains sobbing quietly as the warder moved on to Wendy. Wendy
began screaming again when she realised her turn had come. "NO PLEASE NO" she
screamed, to no avail. The flogger began on her shoulders and started down her
back. As her sentence was only 30 strokes he ended his work on her buttocks.
Wendy was screaming and writhing with the pain and sagged in her chains until
she was released and returned to the prison van.

     Tracy noticed both Sarah and Susan were weeping softly by the time Wendy's
flogging was completed. She put an arm round each and steered them away. She
guided them over to a seat and they sat down. "It was worse than I thought."
said Sarah with a sigh. "Sorry we mixed you up in this Tracy."

     "That's OK."

     Suisan sagged against Tracy, resting her head on Tracy's shoulder. She
stopped weeping but just stared ahead of her and said nothing for a time. Then,
"What will happen to Mother now she has had her flogging?" she asked quietly.

     "As I understand it," replied Tracy, "She is allowed a few days to recover
then the availability of her lease is announced. Probably by next Monday. But I
could be wrong." Tracy turned to Sarah. "Are you OK, Honey?"

     Sarah sighed, "I guess so. You know Mother hasn't been very good to me.
Especially after my arrest. She was so eager to catch David Hawkins she ignored
my situation as much as possible. You remember Tracy how she reacted when I
asked her to send me a pair of jeans?"

     "Yes, I remember."

     "You heard her when we visited her in Robinvale. All she could talk about
was how her life had been affected. Not once has she asked how I am getting on
or how Susan is settling in with your Aunts. She has become more and more
self-centred. I remember now how proud she was about her position at the bank.
How she would speak of herself as a 'security chief' and the sort of authority
she had. She is obversely missing that now. I wonder how she will cope with her
change in status from a 'chief' to a 'slave', if you get my meaning."

     Susan said slowly, "I know this sounds hard but maybe the change will do
her good in the long run. Maybe being a slave for a time will end her
self-centeredness, make her more modest. Her sentence is only seven years
maximum. She is what? Forty years old? After her release she will still only be
forty-seven, with up to two hundred and fifty years to go thanks to Long-Life
Serum. She could still start over and have a good life if she wanted to couldn't
she?"

     "I don't see why not," agreed Tracy, "She will have her daughters to help
her when she is released, wont she?" Susan and Sarah smiled wanly at Tracy, then
they rose and headed home.

    

     The next morning Tracy Sarah and Susan were at the Prison gate when it
opened for visitors. They were taken into the visitors room and after a short
delay, a very stiffly moving and pained looking Wendy Dutton was escorted into
the opposite cubicle and slowly sat down her face wincing in pain.

     "How are you feeling Mother?" from a subdued Susan.

     "How do you think I feel," snapped her mother, "I hurt all over, that's how
I feel. I saw you there yesterday. Did you enjoy watching me being flogged?"

     "Mother!" gasped Sarah.

     "We were there to show you we supported you and love you, Mummy," protested
Susan.

     "Then you did it in a very bad way," snapped Wendy Dutton, "How do you
think I felt knowing my children are watching their mother publicly stripped,
chained to a frame and flogged. Did you enjoy the show?"

     "No, Mother. Nor do I enjoy the fact that my Mother still hasn't been able
to realise why it all happened," said Sarah, "I think we might as well go,
people. Prisoners are allowed one com-call a week, Mother. When you have
realised why it all happened, call us. Good-bye, Mother."

     By the time they reached the gate, both Sarah and Susan were sobbing
softly, tears trickling slowly down their faces. Tracy tried to cheer them up
with an offer of a trip to the theatre, but it had no effect. It took the rest
of the day for the girls to get over their misery.

    

     The next day Susan followed Sarah and Tracy into Tracy's room after
breakfast. Plans to go shopping we on hold as it was raining heavily. Susan
followed Sarah over to Sarah's 'place' and knelt gazing around the room. Finally
she nudged Sarah and pointed upwards. "What's that for?"

     "That's a winch Tracy uses to suspend me."

     "Suspend you?"

     "You've heard that term haven't you?"

     "Yes. But I thought it meant to stop or halt something."

     "It also means to suspend or hang a slave off the ground usually from their
wrists as a form of discipline. Sometimes that is all that is done but often the
slave is then whipped or tortured in some other way if the owner so wishes."

     "Tracy has done that to you?"

     "A few times. The winch has only recently been put up."

     "I thought Tracy loves you. How can she do that to you if she loves you?"

     "Tracy didn't force me to do it. I was curious and agreed to try it. She is
very careful with me Susan. She knows I'm not into pain or humiliation. She
would never deliberately hurt me. She hoisted me of the ground by the wrists and
I found I didn't mind it all that much. Tracy only had me up for  a short time
because we didn't know how much strain my arms would take. There is no actual
pain, I found, during the suspension, but when your down again you get pain in
your arms as the blood returns to them."

     "What's the debate, people?" Tracy had come in from the bathroom as Sarah
finished speaking.

     "Susan has just noticed the winch." replied Sarah.

     "Ahh. Interested, Susan?"

     "Yes. I've never seen some-one suspended before."

     "You interested in seeing Sarah hoisted up or being hoisted yourself? I
remember you saying you were interested in dungeons, chains and whips. Are you
interested enough to try it yourself or just watch others? Sarah looks really
beautiful suspended."

     "Does she? Could I see her suspended."

     Tracy slipped an arm around the kneeling Sarah's shoulders. "Shall we show
your sister how you look Sarah?"

     Sarah smiled up at Tracy. "OK."

     Tracy looked at Susan thoughtfully. "However Susan I think you should be
into this more. If you want to see Sarah hanging naked from the winch I think
you should be in chains yourself. What do you think, Sarah?"

     "Hmm... Yes. She should consider it her ticket to the show." replied Sarah
joining in the game.

     "Why should I be wearing chains?"

     "You said you were interested in slavery and chains. I remember you said
you had had dreams about it. Now you can start to find out about it. We don't
have a dungeon here but there are some chains. Ever been chained up Susan?"

     "N.. No," replied Susan slowly.

     "OK. Time you found out about chains. I'm really only suggesting handcuffs.
Well?"

     "OK."

     Tracy produced a pair of handcuffs. "Hold out your hands Susan."

     Susan stared at the handcuffs for a long silent moment, then slowly held
out her hands. Tracy snapped them on. "Good girl. See they don't hurt do they?"

     "No. I guess not."

     Tracy brought out the remote control and lowered the rope. Sarah held out
her hands and Tracy fastened the shackles on her wrists. Then Tracy pushed the
'up' button and Sarah's arms were pulled up. Soon Sarah was off the floor and
rising steadily. Tracy halted the winch when Sarah's feet were a foot off the
floor.

     "There. Doesn't she look beautiful, Susan?"

     "Yesss.. Oh. Yes," enthused Susan, staring up at her sister, "She sure does
I love the way pulling her arms high over her head makes her breasts become high
and round."  Susan reached out her cuffed hands to touch Sarah's leg. Tracy
joined her, slowly running her hands up the back of Sarah's legs and up to her
buttocks which she proceeded to squeeze and kneed slowly. Then she reached
higher and traced her fingers in circular motions around Sarah's back. Susan was
sliding her hands up the front of Sarah's legs and up higher. Tracy watched to
see if Susan would do anything else, but the youngster ignored the unprotected
pussy and slowly tickled Sarah's taught tummy. Then she stepped back and admired
the view again. Sarah, Tracy saw, was smiling happily at the attention she was
getting.

     "Turn round Susan look at the mirror. See the beautiful picture your sister
makes."

     "Oh. She does to."

     Tracy looked up at Sarah and winked. "Want to try the winch yourself,
Susan?"

     "ERR... Yes, please."

     "OK." Tracy pushed the 'down' button on the remote. After releasing Sarah
from the winch, Tracy slipped the winch's hook under Susan's cuffs and pushed
the 'up' button. Susan was soon off the floor. Susan gasped as her arms took the
full load of her weight for the first time. Tracy halted the winch with Susan's
feet a foot of the floor.

     "How does it feel?"

     Susan's face was ecstatic. "Oh This is great" She looked at Tracy. "I'm
totally under you control, now, aren't I?"

     Tracy smiled. Susan was certainly into control. "Totally. I can do anything
I want with you. See?" Tracy reached up, slipped her hand under Susan's t-shirt
and tickled her belly-button.

     Susan giggled. "Don't. That tickles."

     Tracy decided to press the control point further. "Susan, I decide what
happens to you now. See." Tracy tickled Susan's tummy again, "Now say, 'Miss
Tracy can do whatever she wants with me.' Go on, say it."

     Susan stared at Tracy for a moment then, "Miss Tracy can do whatever she
wants with me. And you can to Tracy. I want to be your slave too. Like Sarah.
Please."

     Tracy looked at Sarah who was clearly as surprised as Tracy was. "Well
Susan if you mean that, Fine. But you realise you are legally to young to really
be a slave at the moment. Also we'll let you think it over before you commit
yourself, in case it is the excitement of the situation that is talking."

     " I'm 14 Tracy, and I do know what you mean. Your talking about the sexual
part of slavery, aren't you? I understand that. Couldn't you sort of start
training me without the sex?"

     "If you truly mean that Susan, then I suppose we could. But I will let you
sleep on it before you make a decision." Tracy pushed the 'down' button to bring
the girl down.

     Tracy sat down in her chair. "Sarah come kneel beside me here. Now Susan on
your knees facing me. Put your hands on your head. That's right. No tell us why
you suddenly feel you should be a slave."

     Susan knelt as directed, facing the seated Tracy and the kneeling Sarah,
her hands on her head. "Actually it's not a sudden idea at all, Mistress Tracy.
It has been b building up in me for a year or more. From about the time Mum
married that... that... monster Hawkins. During the time he courted her I could
sense there was something wrong about him but I couldn't tell what. The more she
became interested with him the more I didn't like him. Sarah was the same I
think. (Sarah nodded "True enough") Mother ignored both of us more and more -
she seemed to forget we were in the house at times. Would you believe we
(gesturing at Sarah) were only told of the wedding date A WEEK after the date
was set? Her own children weren't told they were to have a new father. That and
other things, including the way Hawkins and his sister were obversely using Mum
and our things for their own, made me feel unwanted, as if I didn't count for
anything. Then there was Sarah's trial and Hawkins refusing get her a Light. It
was clear he wanted her and me out of the way. Mum wouldn't listen when I tried
to tell her this. She didn't want me or Sarah around either. She didn't push
hard for the Light for Sarah, didn't offer to pay for the Light herself -
remember she was working in a well paying job, the house was paid for and we
had, then, no heavy debts - she could have but when Hawkins said no she just
went along with him. She didn't care about Sarah or me and I think that made me
wonder whether I was of any importance at all. Later this feeling came clearer
when Hawkins forced me to service him. I hated doing what I did for him yet I
thought I wasn't fit for anything else. This confirmed to me I should be a
slave."

     "If that's the case Susan you may actually be simply reacting from the way
you have been treated. You may not be a 'natural slave' at all. Perhaps after a
few months you may feel differently. Do you want to put it off for a few months
and just live normally until we see if you still have the same feelings? For
that matter, can you remember back to when your father was still alive. When
your family had none of the problems it has since had. Did you ever think of
slavery then?"

     "I... I remember always thinking I should do as I'm told," replied Susan
thoughtfully, I was always the one to stay home and do whatever Mum or Dad
wanted. Sarah was the one who got into trouble over being out later than Dad
approved or wanting to go places. I always thought I should obey orders."

     "True enough, Tracy," said Sarah, "Susan was always the quiet one, always
doing as she was told. If anyone got into trouble for not following orders it
was me."

     "Well I still think you should see a counsellor before you commit yourself
fully Susan," said Tracy, "If we're told by a counsellor that you are by nature
a submissive and it is not a reaction from your treatment from the Hawkins, then
we will began your training. If it comes to it, at least we know where to get
you proper slave training if you are certain."

     "You mean your cousins?" smiled Sarah.

     "Yes. Susan, after you are certain and you finish school we can see if we
can get you proper slave training at Frederica's"

     "That would be great." Susan's face lit up eagerly.

     "For now though we will go slowly until we know for sure, Susan. There is
nothing wrong with being interested in slavery, it's just that because of what
you have been through  means we have to be certain. There is nothing wrong with
changing your mind and I don't want you giving up that chance to do that to
early. OK?"

     "OK," Susan clearly wasn't happy with the decision but knew she wouldn't
get a different one.

     That night Aunt Freda made an announcement at dinner. "Some of you may be
aware of this, but Fiona here is due to leave us at the end of this month. I am
bringing a new crim into here on Thursday to learn her way around. Fiona, she
will be your responsibility for the most part, you will have the authority to
direct her and punish her when needed."

     "Yes, M'am," replied Fiona cheerfully. It would be nice to have another to
give the dirtier jobs too.

     "The crims name is Wendy," continued Aunt Freda.

     There was silence, then, "You mean," Sarah began.

     "Mother?" finished Susan.

     "Yes," replied Aunt Freda, "What do you think of that idea?"

     "I ... I think it would be great," replied Sarah slowly, her mind spinning
with the realisation of what this would mean.

     "She would be here as a crim-slave, won't she?" queried Susan slowly, her
mind also going over the meaning of this.

     "Yes," replied Aunt Elizabeth quietly, "And that is how she will be
treated. Think you can do it?"

     Susan and Sarah looked at each other. "YES", they replied together.

     "By the way, Susan," said Aunt Elizabeth, "Had you forgotten you are down
to go to a camp next week?"

     Susan's head spun round and stared at Aunt Elizabeth in  surprise. "Camp?
What camp?" Then her face suddenly lit up. "Oh! You mean Camp Andromeda. Yes I
had forgotten, what with all that has happened. You mean I can still go? You
don't mind?"

     "No Susan we don't mind a bit. It will probably do you some good to get
away from here and let yourself just BE yourself with others of your age. Anyway
start packing. I understand you were there last year?"

     "Yes. I think Hawkins sent me off there to get rid of me for a while but it
was fun anyway. Thankyou for letting me go. I'll go start packing now." She shot
out the door and could be hears running up the stairs.

     "Aunt Elizabeth, about that camp," said Tracy, "Would they have counsellors
there?"

     "Yes they do. Why?"

     Tracy explained about Susan's interest in being a slave. "I'm worried that
it may be a reaction from the way she was treated by Hawkins. Especially after
the way he forced her to 'service' him. If the counsellors there knew of this
perhaps they could see if she needs help."

     "I'll get Susan an appointment to see a councellor before she leaves on the
camp and I'll send the camp a letter warning them of what Susan's been through,"
said Aunt Elizabeth.

    

     On Thursday Tracy Susan and Sarah were waiting for Aunt Freda to bring the
new crim-slave. At mid-morning the door opened and Aunt Freda entered with Wendy
coming behind on a leash attached to her brown collar. Wendy was dressed in the
usual black tunic and carried her extra clothing in a bag. She was clearly
surprised to see Susan and Sarah waiting for her. She had obversely forgotten
that her children lived with the prison governor and thought only that she would
be serving in the Governor's kitchen. Her eyes went even wider when she realised
Sarah was naked.

     "On your knees Wendy," directed Aunt Freda, "Head down. Now I told you that
you will be serving as my housekeeper. Fiona here, will be your immediate
superior and she will be explaining your duties. She has three weeks to teach
you them then she leaves. I believe you have met these three. Understand this.
You now have no authority over your children, Wendy Dutton. You that right when
you failed as a mother. Is that clear?"

     "But their my children." protested Wendy weakly.

     "What right have you over us, Wendy?" snapped Sarah.

     "Whose fault is it that we are in the situation we are in now?" added Susan
shortly.

     "You're a failure as a Mother, crim-slave Wendy," added Sarah, "I think we
will have to make it clear where the authority is M'am. With your permission?"
Aunt Freda nodded.

     "Strip, slave," barked Susan.

     "I.. I'll do no...."

     Sarah stepped forward and pushed Wendy's head down till her forehead was on
the floor. Then she put a hand under Wendy's buttocks and lifted them until they
were in position. She flicked thr prison tunic up and tugged the prison issue
panties down.

     Susan then moved into position, the paddle high. "This will tell you who is
in control here, slave," she said. She swung

     WACK. "AWWWW" howled Wendy

     WACK "AWWWW" she screamed again. Susan and Sarah changed places

     WACK "AWWWWWW NO NO PLEASE" howled the slave.

     WACK "AWWWWWWW NO ..NO  MERCY PLEASE," Sarah stepped back.

     "That was to make it clear you are nothing here, slave," said Aunt Freda,
You take orders from slaves and if you fail to oey you will be punished by
slaves. Is that clear?"

???"yes"

     "Yes what, slave?"

???"Yes mistress"

     "Just you remember it, slave," said Sarah. Sarah turned and headed upstairs
followed by Susan. Tracy watched as Wendy Dutton's tear streaked face showed
first surprise at her children's attitude, then shame as she realised that
Susan's charge was right.

     "On you feet, slave," snapped Fiona, "Come this way. Bring your bag."

     Tracy waited until the kitchen door closed behind them then looked at Aunt
Freda, "I hope this works out."

     "Yes. Well if it doesn't she can be leased out as usual. We'll see. I've
got to get back. See you tonight." Aunt Freda headed out the door.

     A while after there was a tap on Tracy's door. Sarah opened it and Fiona
and a naked Wendy stood there. "My apologies for troubling you Miss Tracy, but I
am giving the new slave  the Tour. Now this room, slave, belongs to Miss Tracy.
Her personal slave Sarah spends all her time with her also. You will be required
to clean and dust it regularly and change the bed sheets weekly. Don't touch the
things on the desk, Miss Tracy wants them left alone."

     Wendy was again staring at her naked daughter as she held the door. Her
eyes were red from weeping. She looked away from her daughter. She said nothing.

     "This way, slave," said Fiona as she led Wendy out of the room.

     As soon as the door was shut Sarah turned to Tracy, tears in her eyes. "Are
we doing the right thing, Tracy?"

     "I hope so, Sarah, I hope so."

     Wendy began her service as a crim- slave that evening. When the household
assembled for dinner, Fiona had Wendy carry in some of the dishes. She was
clearly nervous and nearly dropped the tray. Sarah had to stop herself from
going to her aid. Wendy also spilt some coffee as she poured for Aunt Elizabeth.
Later when they were finishing up they heard Fiona, in the kitchen, order Wendy
to bend over and they all listened as six strokes of the cane were administered.
Sarah and Susan stared at each other, both with worried expressions.

     "You must allow her to develop at her own pace girls," said Aunt Freda
softly.

     Sarah swallowed, "I understand M'am. I just didn't think it would be so
hard," she replied softly, "If I may be excused?"

     Aunt Freda nodded and Tracy led the way upstairs. Once there they looked at
each other. "I didn't think it would be so hard," said Susan, "I'm glad I leave
next week." Sarah slipped her arms round her sister and hugged her tightly.

     "I understand," said Tracy gently, "She will be settled in by the time you
return. Think of it this way, your mother has to pay for her mistakes. She has
hit the bottom and she can only either stay there or climb back up. The choice
is hers." Sarah and Susan nodded.

     The next Monday saw Susan depart for holiday camp. Tracy and Sarah resumed
their routine of exploring the Capital's parks and museums. Three days later
Aunt Elizabeth handed them a surprise. An invitation from Cousin Frederica.

     "You have both been invited to spend two weeks on their Island. She says
you were interested in seeing it and now you can. What do you think You leave on
Saturday. ?"

     "Wow!," That is nice of her. Are you and Aunt Freda coming too?"

     "No we are both tied up with work at the moment. But don't worry Fred will
se you are OK and don't get lost. Just pack overnight bags, girls. You won't
need more. You will be given clothes when you arrive."

     Tracy and Sarah went upstairs to pack their bags.

    

     Part 7 - The Island.




A Slave for Tracy

     Part 7.

     Tracy stared out of the cab window at the scene before her.  Containers of
cargo were being hoisted onto the vessel, a long-distance ferry, as she watched.
At the gang-way there was a small crowd, some waiting to board and others who
had come to farewell them. The people were well but casually dressed men and
women accompanied by a collection of vol-slaves and crim-slaves who were dressed
in various manners according to their owners whims. Some were wearing sleeveless
thigh-length tunics, others were in trousers that sat low on the hip- in fact
Tracy wondered how they stayed on at all. Two female slaves wore short
wrap-skirts and no top. Several wore no clothing at all. However all wore some
sort of restraint.

     As Tracy and Sarah emerged from the cab a voice called "Ah there you are".
Two figures, both female, headed there way.

     "Cousin Kerry," Said Tracy, "It's good to see you again." Then Tracy
recognized the girl in the brown collar at Kerry's side. "Isn't this the slave
we met at your premises?"

     "Yes. This is Doris. I have some leave and so I'm taking her to the Island
to get to know her properly. Doris, this is Tracy my cousin and her crim-slave
Sarah."

     "Hello. Forgive my asking but is it true you killed a rapist?" Doris's eyes
were on Sarah.

     "Yes. He had raped my sister once and had come back for a second go."

     "But how come you were collared? I would have thought you would have been
let off."

     "So did I but as you see I wasn't. The judge insisted I be tried and he
convicted me of murder. That's justice for you." Sarah's voice was flat and
bitter. Tracy slipped an arm round her and squeezed.

     "Come on people we can board now," said Kerry quietly.

     ":How long will it take to get there," asked Tracy as they went up the
gangplank.

     "About 36 hours weather permitting," replied Kerry cheerfully.

     After being shown to their cabin and stowing their bags, Sarah and Tracy
went exploring. Kerry and Doris found them at the rail watching as the ship cast
off. The ferry soon cleared the harbour and began to pick up speed. After land
was out of sight Tracy turned to examining her fellow passengers. Kerry
explained that the people were all of the 'upper' sector of society who were
well of financially and were in some cases descendent of the original settlers.

     Some of the passengers kept their slaves in their cabins. However some,
especially those who had brought more than one slave elected to have them
carried in cages in the slave hold. Kerry was able to take Tracy, Sarah and hr
own slave Doris into the slave hold and showed them the cages. These cages were
made of plastic and set as fixtures in one of the ships holds. They were  set in
multiple layers with walkways separating them. The four walls were just vertical
bars, the floor of one level was the ceiling of the lower level. Each cage had a
built-in toilet (without any privacy, something slaves could not expect) and
wash-basin and was just tall enough for the average person to stand and long
enough to lie flat. There was a mattress but no blankets, the hold being kept at
a temperature that made them unnecessary. The attendant asked Tracy and Kerry if
they wanted to cage their slaves for the trip. Both declined the offer. Tracy
noticed that nearly 3/4 of the cages were occupied. She also noted that most of
the slaves had brown chains round their necks.

     By the time they returned to the deck the sun was high and they headed for
the dining room. Passengers were sitting at their meal with their slaves
kneeling on the floor beside their owners chairs. The owners were feeding them
from their plates. Tracy had heard of this but never required it of Sarah.

     "That's not right for Sarah," she protested to Kerry, "She isn't a true
criminal."

     "It doesn't matter, Tracy," said Sarah softly and sank onto her knees
beside Tracy's chair while Doris knelt beside Kerry. Tracy found herself rather
liking the feeling of power the arrangement represented and at the same time
despising herself for feeling this way. She fed Sarah food from her plate and
gave Sarah drink from her glass which she filled from dishes and jugs in the
centre of the table. These dishes were themselves replaced as needed by ships
servants some of which, Tracy noted, wore brown chains. Over the meal Kerry
explained that passengers normally just wandered the deck and gossiped during
the voyage or used the communication equipment in their cabins to check their
business affairs. Kerry went on to explain that when the Island was first
envisioned it was seen as having no communication with the outside world.
However this was found to be unworkable as business people could not stand to be
away from their affairs for long periods of time so the villas had communication
equipment even though this did not fit in with the old Greek-Roman life-style.   
As they left the dining room after the meal Sarah suddenly gasped and pointed
out a passenger to Tracy. "Look! Isn't he the man who was drunk on the river
cruise?"

     "Yes your right."

     "What's wrong?" queried Kerry.

     Tracy related the tale of the river cruise. "Do you know who he is?"

     "Yes. He is Reginald Thomas a businessman and distant relation of the
Adamsdale Family. He is a known drinker. Also known for his cruelty to his
slaves. Mother says the Adamsdales only tolerate him for family loyalty reasons.
His uncle, who is a magistrate, has a villa on the Island.  Your Aunt probably
knows him."

     Tracy and Kerry were now seated in deck chairs with Sarah and Doris
kneeling on the deck beside them. Tracy turned to Sarah, "I'm sorry about the
dining room set-up."

     "That's OK. It's not your fault. I think this Island is going to be similar
though." Sarah looked up at Kerry who nodded.

     "Yes, Sarah. You will find yourself serving more like a slave of old on the
Island."

     "I don't mind so long as it's Tracy I'm serving," Sarah replied. Tracy
reached down took Sarah hand and squeezed it.

     By mid afternoon of the next day the Island was in sight. As the ship drew
closer the buildings could be seen and Tracy could see the tall columns of old
Greek design. As the ship reduced speed and prepared to dock Tracy and Sarah
were staring in astonishment at the scene before them. On the dock was a
collection of  two-wheeled and four wheeled carriages each with a number of
oddly dressed men or women harnessed to them. The men or women were naked but
for an odd headdress which seemed to inhibit his or her vision, a strange object
in their mouth with a long bar stretching to each side of the face from each end
of  which ran a long ribbon like object to the driver's seat of the odd
carriage. Their hands were shackled to a cross bar that protruded from the
central shaft sticking out from the vehicle. Each of the slaves also had a long
bushy tail protruding from their buttocks. There were also men and women with
barrows waiting for orders. and also two vehicles with a flat tray like surface
which had some eight or ten men harnessed to them.

     Tracy turned to Kerry. "What are...?"

     "They are our means of conveyance around the island, Tracy. The slaves pull
the carriages as a beast of burden would. The driver drives the carriage much
like the horse-drawn carriage of old Earth. The ones with a flat top will carry
our ships cargo to where its needed elsewhere on the island. The barrows will
carry cargo into the storehouses here on the dock. This way girls."

     Tracy followed Kerry down the gangplank and along to where one of the four
wheeled vehicles stood waiting. Kerry was greeted by the driver, a woman wearing
a brown chain round her neck, a second light chain between her clamped nipples
and a short blue wrap skirt and sandals, with a deep bow.

      "Hello Meg, how are things at the villa?"

     "Everything is in order M'am," the slave replied cheerfully, "Ms Fred is
waiting for you there."

     "Right then. We shouldn't keep her waiting then. Climb aboard girls."

     As they set off  Sarah who was sitting opposite Tracy with Doris next to
her noticed that other passengers from the ferry had their slaves walking beside
their carriage while they rode in comfort.

     "M'am should Doris and I be walking?" she inquired of Kerry who shrugged
her shoulders.

     "It is up to the individual owner," she explained, "There is no hard and
fast rule."

     Tracy watched as the driver cracked her whip and the four slave-ponies 
heaved on the cross bars and slowly the carriage  started off. Once in motion
Tracy saw that the slave-ponies needed less effort to keep the vehicle moving,
the slave-ponies were able to keep up a steady trot. She looked around and began
to take in the unique life of Paradise Island. There were male and female slaves
everywhere working, following a free man or woman, sometimes on a lead  but just
as often not. Some wore chains round their necks, some collars. Many carried
packages in carry sacs as Tracy had seen in the city. While some slaves were
naked most wore a sleeveless thigh-length tunic and sandals.

     Free men and women could be seen moving from shop to shop going about their
business as they would on the mainland, the main difference Tracy noticed was
the design of clothing. Free men wore long loose robes or short sleeved
knee-length tunics.

     Slaves could be seen everywhere, weeding flower-beds, trimming hedges,
driving some cattle along the road. They passed a building site where slaves
could be seen working with the free men. They also passed a group of six male
slaves wearing blue tunics, chained in a line by their neck carrying packages
and parcels led by a woman wearing a close-fitting sleeveless black top which
sported a badge of some sort, brief shorts and long black boots. She waved to
them as they passed and Kerry returned it. "That is Vera Andrews our overseer.
You will probably meet her later"

      Tracy noticed that a large number seemed to wear the same blue coloured
tunic with an insignia on the front, a Greek column with what appeared to be
crossed crystals? hen she remembered. She turned to Kerry.

     "Cousin. Are the slaves wearing the blue garments all belonging to the one
owner?"

     Kerry smiled, "Yes Tracy the blue tunic with the badge you were studying
indicates they are owned by the Davis family. Mother designed the badge. Our
slaves also wear a little disc on their neck-chain or collar bearing the
insignia so even if naked they are known as Davis slaves. Some of the other
families that have villas here also have taken to dressing their slaves in one
colour and designing a badge. But again, its not compulsory."

     They passed the entrance to a villa as a young boy wearing a green tunic
and sandals came out the gate leading two slaves shackled together by the neck,
both with what were clearly heavily laden carry sacs on their backs. The boy led
the two slaves who staggered along the road after him.

     Sarah stared at them then looked at Kerry. "I hope they don't have far to
go, M'am."

     "I am afraid they may have. Unfortunately that family had had some bad luck
in business and are nor as well off as they once were. They are trying to hide
it but they may have to leave here to save costs."

     "M'am does the Island have any industry or any product it can export to
cover its costs?" asked Tracy.

     "Why yes Tracy. Didn't you know we have the second largest deposit of
Crystal here that has yet to be found on this planet. It's Black Crystal too
which forms the core of the best power cells we use. Black Crystal is so fragile
it has to be mined by hand, machines just break it. One of the more practical
reasons for the lifestyle we have here is because we don't  want the vibrations
of heave machinery here as they would damage the crystal. We can't mine in the
usual way with explosives and power tools because they would set of  vibrations
and crack the Crystal. The advantages of the life-style we have here is that
it's very gentle on the land. Very little vibration is set up. Which is why we
have no cars or tractors or other heavy lift machinery. The crystal is packed in
shock-proof boxes at the mine and then transported to the dock on those open
drays you saw The workers in the mine and their families live here and it is
their money that keeps the Island going. The rich families that have holiday
villas here and join the Club we told you about think they are the main support
of the community but financially we could do without them. The Adamsdale family
still own a controlling interest in the big crystal mines that produces most of
the crystal that this planet exports. But this mine is the producer of the best
quality Black Crystal."

     "How did your family get the mine, Kerry?"

     "I'll tell you that tale after diner tonight. Look we have arrived."

     Tracy and Sarah looked around in surprise. They had been so engrossed in
Kerry's explanations they had not realised they had arrived at their
destination. It was an imposing building the entrance lined with Greek style
columns. They descended from their carriage and ascended the steps to the front
door which was opened as they approached and Frederica Jnr. stood there to greet
them. She wore an ankle length pale blue sleeveless garment that seemed to
shimmer as is swirled around her as she moved. She looked beautiful.

     "Hi everyone," she called, "Welcome to Paradise Island. Come on in. Tracy,
Sarah. And this is Doris isn't it?"

     "Yes M'am," replied Doris shyly.

     Fred beckoned to a male slave standing behind her, "Joseph will take you to
your room Tracy and Sarah. Kerry could I talk with you a moment?"

     "Sure. Joseph after you see Tracy to her room take Doris  and show her
around then take her to my room."

     "Yes M'am."

     Kerry and Fred disappeared down a corridor.

     "Will you come this way pleas, Miss Tracy?" Tracy, Sarah and Doris followed
the slave (who wore a brown chain) along a different corridor until they stopped
at a door which he opened. "This is your room Miss Tracy." On entering the room
Tracy was struck with it's spaciousness There was a large bed, a walk-in
cupboard, a storage chest against one wall and a communications panel in one
corner. Kneeling at the foot of the bed was a female slave wearing a short blue
tunic with the family logo on the front and a brown collar. "This is Pam, Miss
Tracy. She will explain how things work here and bathe and dress you for dinner.
If there is anything you require she can arrange it."

     "Thank you Joseph," replied Tracy as Sarah put down their bags. Joseph
closed the door and he and Doris disappeared from view. Tracy and Sarah looked
at Pam.

     "OK Pam. What's first?" inquired Tracy.

     "Would you like a bath before you dress, Miss?"

     "Yes, that would be great." Tracy turned to Sarah producing the key and
releasing Sarah's hands. Sarah smiled and began to unbutton Tracy's shirt. Pam
grinned and headed into the bathroom where water could soon be heard running.
Soon after Tracy and Sarah, both now naked, entered the bathroom and admired the
sunken bath and its ornate fittings.

     "Somehow I don't think Roman baths were this luxurious, Mistress," said
Sarah cheerfully.

     "No. Guess they must have been more inventive than I thought," Tracy
admired the shiny taps mirrors and other fittings.

     "Nearly ready Miss Tracy," said Pam cheerfully. Tracy was soon up to her
neck in beautifully scented water. "Come on in Sarah. It's beautiful."

     Sarah joined her. "Ohhhh heavenly," she said. Sarah picked up a cake of
scented soap and a sponge and began to wash her Mistress. First she washed
Tracy's chest, carefully washing each breast, going round and round it, tracing
the shape until she reached the nipple which she finished with a kiss. Then she
moved lower, rubbing Tracy's stomach and carefully cleaning her button. Then she
began on Tracy's pussy, working the sponge into her crevice and moving between
her legs. after a time Tracy stopped her, groaning "Stop that, Sarah or I'll .."
Tracy drew a breath and turned round and Sarah began to wash her back. It was
only then that Tracy recalled there was still another person in the room. Pam
was kneeling on the edge of the bath watching them, her expression one of
wistful lust, with one hand up under her tunic. The sight of the motions of that
hand was to much for Tracy, especially as Sarah had now reached her buttocks and
was sliding the sponge between her bottom-cheeks. "Pam, when was the last time
you had a bath?"

     Pam stopped her actions with a jerk, "Ahh.. A long time ago Mistress," she
managed.

     "I thought so, you look dirty. Off with that tunic at once and get in here.
Now."

     Pam pulled of her tunic and eagerly slid into the water, grabbing another
sponge and soaping it. Soon Tracy was being washed from front and back at once.
then sponges were replaced by fingers as four hands began to explore her body.
Somehow Tracy managed to move to the steps and the other two eased her down in
the shallows just before Tracy was hit with one of the most powerful orgasms she
had ever had. By the time she had recovered enough to regain her awareness Sarah
and Pam had both nearly reached the same peak. Tracy lay back and watched as the
love of  her life finished making love to a stranger. Tracy wondered why she
didn't feel any jealousy. Because she didn't. She only felt pleasure that Sarah
was happy and able to get some enjoyment out of life.

     When Sarah and Pam had regained there composure, Tracy who had started to
dry herself, spotted a wall-clock and looked at Pam. "What time is dinner here
Pam? Remember we are newcomers here."

     Pam quickly looked at the clock and leapt to her feet. "Ooo thankyou for
reminding me Mistress. I'll be paddled if your late, but we have time. Please
come and I'll prepare your dress."

     Tracy looked at the dress Pam laid out for her. "It is called a 'peplos'
Mistress. Basically it is two pieces of cloth sewn up the sides as far as you
need. The part left un-sewn is left for the arms It is held on the shoulders by
these clips. The unneeded part drops down in front and back. This way I suppose
it didn't matter how tall you are the same dress could fit many sizes. You pull
it over your head Mistress - that's right - now if Sarah you would hold it still
while I fasten the clips - there and there."

      Tracy looked at herself in the full-length mirror. The figure she saw
there looked odd to her. Rather old she thought. Still it was interesting to try
something new (or old she reminded herself).Pam produced several pairs of
sandals and soon found a pair which fitted. Sarah brushed Tracy's hair and
pinned it up and back under Pams direction in a way Pam said was a Greek style.

     "Can you find a tunic for Sarah please?," Tracy asked Pam. She was about to
also ask for sandals as well then noted Pam's feet were bare.

     "No problem Mistress." Pam handed Sarah a tunic of similar cut to her own.
Sarah pulled it over her head and settled it then Pam began to quickly brush
Sarah's hair. Tracy watched as her lover submitted to Pams ministrations which
resulted in her hair falling around her face and framing it naturally. "We
should be just in time, Mistress." She hesitated, "Have you been told anything
about eating arrangements here, M'am?"

     "No, nothing."

     "Oh.. then you are in for a surprise I think, M'am. Both of you. If you
would come this way." Pam led the way out the door and along the corridor.

     The room she showed Tracy and Sarah into was like no dining room Tracy had
seen. There were several doors opening into corridors indicating the room was a
central point in the house. But there was no long table or group of smaller
tables. Instead there was a grouping of very low tables in a circle with a gap
near a door. Also there were no chairs. Instead many thick cushions were 
scattered on the floor near the small tables.

     As Tracy and Sarah hesitated, Fred appeared from another door accompanied
by a man of medium build dressed in a knee length short sleeved tunic and a girl
aged about 13 dressed as Tracy was but also wearing several pieces of jewellery.
Three slaves came after  them, a female slave who was almost as tall as Fred but
of lighter build. She had a long thick mass of blond hair that reminded Tracy of
Susan, and wore the Davis House's blue tunic and a white chain around her neck.
The other slaves were a male about the same age as his master wearing a red
tunic and a brown chain round his neck. He looked upon his master with what to
Tracy seemed a quiet pride. The female slave was about the age of the girl she
served. She also wore a red tunic. Her neck collar was brown and she kept her
head bowed and her eyes down.

     "Ahh.. good you are ready. I thought you may be delayed . What do you think
of this arrangement Tracy? A bit different to what you're used to no doubt"

     "Yes. Very different, Cousin. Is this actually how the ancient Greeks ate?"

     "Not quite. They actually lay flat on low couches sideways to the table. We
tried that and found it to awkward. This arrangement was common at the same time
as Greece and Rome were at their height but in was used in a country called
Arabia. I find it more comfortable and the slaves are able to serve you more
easily too." Fred turned to the man who had accompanied her. "Tracy this is
Gregory Adamsdale  and his eldest daughter Gabrielle, who are also our guest for
a few days. Gregory this is Joyce's eldest and now her only offspring living.
Her slave is Sarah Dutton who was sentenced to slavery for killing her sister's
rapist after the court in its infinite wisdom, released him and he immediately
tried to rape the same girl again. People are now suggesting that it is OK to
rape according to reports from the capital. How old was your sister at the time,
Sarah?"

     Tracy stepped forward and shook hands with Gregory Adamsdale and his
daughter who seemed to be affecting an aloof attitude. She wondered what Fred
was scheming as she was sure this meeting had a reason.

     "Not quite ten, M'am." replied Sarah. She did not offer her hand. Normally
slaves were not introduced as they weren't people, just slaves.

     "Ah Here comes Kerry now. We can start. Jane, tell the kitchen we are
ready."

     "Yes Mistress," Jane vanished down the door near the gap in the circle as
Kerry followed by Doris entered the room.

     "Please be seated everyone."

     Gregory Adamsdale  followed the example of Fred and Kerry and seated
himself cross-legged on a cushion. His slave knelt beside his master as did
Doris beside Kerry and Jane (on her return) beside Fred. Tracy sat down also and
Sarah knelt beside her. Tracy found the arrangement comfortable enough. Just
strange. House slaves carried  in the food in covered bowls and set it out on
the tables. The other personal slaves immediately began to serve their master
and mistresses.

     "We have two slaves here who are totally new to the Island one of which has
had no training in serving, people," Fred went on, "Sarah, just follow the
example of the others. Doris has had some schooling in serving  at table. I'm 
sorry we weren't able to arrange it for you."

     "Yes, M'am," Sarah struggled, red faced, to follow the example of the
others conscious that Tracy was behind the others due to her slowness. Her hands
shook with nervousness and she fumbled with the food  until Tracy laid a hand on
her arm and told her to relax. "Take it slowly, your doing fine."

     "Soft with her aren't you, Wilson?" came the contemptuous comment from
Gabrielle Adamsdale.

     "Just being fair, Ms Adamsdale. I consider unnecessary brutality the sign
of a coward."

     Gabrielle Adamsdale flushed and glared at Tracy. Sarah though sent Tracy a
grateful look and seemed to settle down. She soon had a least some of the
serving tricks worked out. Tracy fond the food delicious. Following the example
of Fred and Kerry she shared her food with Sarah, feeding her food piece by
piece making sure she got all she wanted. Tracy revelled in the power this
seemed to give her. Tracy noted that while Gregory Adamsdale fed his slave,
Gabrielle did not feed hers. The girl looked hungry, she was staring at the food
in her hands with a look of desperation.

     Tracy noted that one of the slaves bringing the food was Pam, who smiled
when she caught Tracy's eye. Pam paused to whisper an explanation to Sarah how
to serve a particular dish. Tracy nodded her thanks to her, then beckoned her
closer so they could whisper. "Ms Gabrielle's slave. Do you know if she has been
eating? She looks starved."

     "She is. Ms Gabrielle won't let her eat anything. It's punishment for
something she didn't do right. I don't know what. They've been here three days
and she hasn't been allowed any food. It's wrong."

     "Does Ms Frederica know?"

     "I don't know."

     "Thanks, Pam," Tracy sat back and stared ahead of her. *Should I do
anything? CAN I do anything? It isn't my house. I don't have the right to
interfere directly.*

     "Something troubling you Ms Wilson?" came Gregory Adamsdale's amused voice.

     "Yes Mr Adamsdale. I am finding it hard to accept the often unnecessary
brutality I see on this planet. Especially from the so called upper levels of
this planets society."

     "Are you upset about something you see here, Tracy,?" asked Fred curiously.

     "Yes, M'am. I notice that Ms Adamsdale is not feeding her slave. I have
learnt she has denied her slave food non-stop for three days. To have a slave
miss an occasional meal is one thing. But to starve a person for that long is
brutality of the lowest kind. Is that the sort of treatment that is normal here
Cousin?"

     Fred's head jerked up and round to face Gabrielle. "Is that true,
Gabrielle? Have you denied that girl food for three days?"

     Gabrielle flushed. "What if I have. It's no concern of yours. How I treat
my slave is my affair."

     "Not in my house you don't, girl. Pam. Take that girl to the kitchen at
once and see she has what see needs."

     "Yes M'am. Come along girl. We'll get some food into you." The girl looked
up at Pam desperately. "Really?," she said softly, "You mean it?" The girl was
in tears. Pam helped her to her feet and holding her hand, led her out of the
room.

     "You meddler. I'll get you for this," shrieked Gabrielle to Tracy.

     "SILENCE! Gabrielle. You will do nothing of the sort."

     "But Papa. She is my slave. You said I could do anything I wanted with her.
You said so. She is mine." whined the girl.

     "I see I wasn't clear enough or maybe I put to much trust in you to
understand what is required. You do not have the right to kill your slave.
Gabrielle. You were supposed to treat her firmly but fairly.  This sort of
brutality is not warranted, girl. I am very disappointed in you. Look at Tracy's
slave. She wears a prison collar too. But do you see any brutality?"

     Gregory Adamsdale turned to Sarah. "Sarah have you any idea just why the
court sentenced you as a criminal instead of declaring your actions
justifiable?"

     Sarah hesitated and looked at Tracy who nodded. "Sir, according to Ms
Elizabeth Philips there is an unproven rumour that there is a connection between
the rapist and a branch of your family."

     Gregory Adamsdale sat back on his heels and looked at her. "Really! And did
she say which branch of my family she meant.?"

     "No sir. I don't think she knows. She said quite clearly that it was only a
rumour and she had no evidence to support it."

     "What was the name of the man you killed?"

     "Cedric Thomas, Sir."

     "Ring any bells, Gregory?," said Kerry quietly.

     "No...unless..," Gregory Adamsdale frowned thoughtfully, "Oh.. not
unless... there is a family named Evans who claim a connection with mine but it
isn't proven. It's a small family consisting of Andrew Evans who is a
magistrate, his wife and a nephew named Reginald Thomas. No children. You know
who I mean Fred, they have a villa here."

     Sarah gasped. "Evans? The judge who sentenced me was named Evans. He was
also the judge who said I hadn't done the right thing when I caught the rapist
the first time and ordered the charge dropped."

     "Yes, I remember them," replied Kerry, " And I  also remember there was
another nephew who I was told had been murdered. So Evans was your judge, Sarah.
Well there is grounds for an enquiry into your case there. Evans should not have
heard your case. If he is the same Evans, of course. Evens is a pretty common
name. Elizabeth can find out about that for us. I'll call her tomorrow.

     "Thankyou Sir, M'am," said Sarah politely. Tracy took her hand and squeezed
it.

     "Well people I think we have finished here," said Frederica, "Shall we
retire to the lounge room  and discuss plans for tomorrow?"

     They all stood and followed Fred out of the dining room and into a smaller
room filled with cushions, a bar and an entertainment wall.

     "Jane see to the drinks please." Jane soon had drinks ready for everyone.
Again Tracy followed the example of the others and shared her drink with Sarah.
Gabrielle sat alone and glared at Tracy.

     "Tomorrow," continued Frederica, "We will take our newest guests to the
mine to show them just why we follow the odd lifestyle we follow here. Gregory,
Gabrielle, I know you have seen the mine before. Do you want to see it again or
is there another part of this island you would like to visit?"

     "Gabrielle said she would actually like to see the area you call Andrew's
Park. Right Gabrielle?"

     "Yes." Gabrielle replied curtly. Gregory Adamsdale looked sharply at his
daughter but said nothing.

     "Tracy, earlier you asked me how the Davis family became Crystal miners.
Well the story goes that fifty odd years ago the island was owned by Gregory's
family. One of our ancestors actually won it from them in a half-drunken card
game. At the time our family tried farming to make the island pay. It wasn't
until years later that the Black Crystal deposit was discovered. You also should
understand that the big mines that Gregory's family owns was discovered well
before this and was already in operation. Black Crystal mining here has only
been in operation for about thirty years."

     "I see. I hope there was no bad feelings about that card game between the
families though. Especially after the Crystal discovery."

     "I'm afraid there was. The person who discovered the crystal was my
Grandfather. It was his father who won that card game..."

     "By cheating, no doubt," sneered Gabrielle.

     There was silence.

     "Gabrielle! Hold your tongue, girl. I hope you will accept my apologies on
behalf of my loose tongued daughter, Frederica. I don't know what's come over
her today."

     "Its not you who should be apologising, Greg. She is old enough to pay for
her own errors," replied Kerry grimly, "Well, girl are you ready to apologise?"

     "No. This island should belong to the Adamsdale family," snapped Gabrielle,
"Your Great-Grandfather was a thief and you know it," she added triumphantly.

     "Gabrielle, It was your Great Grandfather that proved my Great Grandfather
was innocent of that charge of which you speak. And that was after the card
game, in case you didn't know. Those two had been close friends since school
days and always were," Frederica was clearly holding her anger with an effort.
"I think you had better go to your room, girl. Tomorrow you will leave the
island. Do not return until you are ready to apologise." She turned to a
shamefaced Gregory Adamsdale. "Sorry Greg but she must leave. I will not have
her here after what she said. You are welcome to stay but she goes tomorrow."

     Gregory nodded, "Yes. I understand," He rose to his feet and seized his
daughter by the arm, pulled her to her feet. Gabrielle squealed in anger and
swung her other arm wildly at her father, hitting him on the cheek. "SO girl you
raise your hand against me will you! As well as your other failings. Then
clearly I have been to soft with you." He looked at Fred. "Fred can I borrow the
punishment room? Clearly this girl requires disciplining."

     "This way," replied Fred and led the way out he door and down a corridor.
Gregory Adamsdale followed. "Let me go," screamed Gabrielle but he dragged his
daughter after him out the door. Fred's slave followed with Gregory's slave
along side. Kerry beckoned Tracy and followed with Doris and Tracy followed
after her with Sarah at her side.

     The Punishment Room reminded Tracy of the one at school. It had a whipping
frame set up, also a barrel similar to those used in Robinvale Prisons
punishment yard, there were rings set in both wall and floor for securing
prisoners, also two winches set in the ceiling for suspending captives and a
pillory similar to what Tracy had seen at the brothel. On one wall was a rack
holding a selection of whips and canes.

     Gregory Adamsdale dragged his daughter over to the barrel and proceeded to
secure her to it. First he secured her wrists, the he slowly rotated the barrel
forward dragging the screaming girl up and over the barrel, her legs kicking
wildly. He then grabbed he ankles one at a time and secured them so that her les
were wide apart. He then clapped his hand over the mouth of the still screaming
girl. "Since you can't be civil when you are a guest in the house of another,
Gabrielle you will have the knowledge that they and their other guests who are
total strangers to you will be watching as you receive the discipline you
deserve." He went over to the wall rack and selected a springy cane which he
swished through the air as he returned to the barrel. He then flicked up the
skirt of Gabrielle's dress exposing her white panties. These he drew down as far
as he could, to renewed screams from Gabrielle. He then rested the cane across
the round white buttocks.

     "Gabrielle you have brought this on yourself. You will count each stroke as
they are applied. If you don't, each stroke will count as one until you do.
Understand?"

     Silence. "Very well you bring it on your self foolish girl."

     WACK "AWWWW............one"

     WACK "AWWWW............two"

     WACK "AWWWWWWW.....please Daddy....three"

     WACK "AAWWWWWW......Daddy please no more...please...four"

     WACK "AWWWWWWWW.....help please ...no more.....five"

     WACK "AWWWW ......I'm sorry Daddy..... six..... I'm sorry, Daddy...
please,"

     Gregory Adamsdale lowered the cane. "I hope I never have to do this again
Gabrielle." He drew up Gabrielle's panties and began to release her. First the
ankles were released then the barrel was rotated backwards until her feet were
on the floor, finally her wrists were released. She staggered and almost
collapsed into her father's arms, sobbing. Gregory Adamsdale steadied her and
wrapping an arm round his daughter, walked slowly out of the room as she sobbed
onto his shoulder.

     Kerry looked at Fred. "Well, think she learnt her lesson?"

     "Hope so. Well people guess it bedtime. Tomorrow we show you the mine."

     "And the house, too," added Kerry, "Come I'll see you back to your room."

     "Thank you," replied Tracy, "Goodnight M'am, Jane." Tracy and Sarah
followed Kerry and Doris out the door as Fred wrapped an arm around Jane and
they moved off in another direction.

     Back in their room Sarah unfastened Tracy's dress and put it away and then
joined Tracy in the large bed. They were to tired to think of anything other
than what they had just seen and soon two very sleepy girls were curled up in
each others arms, asleep.

     They were wakened next morning with a knock on the door. It was opened by
Pam who was carrying a large tray. "Rise and Shine people," she called
cheerfully, It's  a lovely day. Not one to waste in bead. Tracy sat up and
sniffed the aroma from the tray appreciatively.

     "Smells lovely, Pam," She said as Sarah jumped out of bed to clear the
bedside table for the tray. Sarah began setting out the dishes. Tracy looked at
Pam as she turned to leave.

     "How is Ms Gabrielle and her slave faring?"

     "Better than you might expect, Miss. The slave, her name is Lucy, went back
to Miss Gabrielle's room after she was finished in the kitchen and when she got
their found Miss Gabrielle lying on her front on the bed. When Lucy realised why
and saw what had happened to Miss Gabrielle she found some cold cream and
massaged it into her butt cheeks. It seemed not only to sooth the pain but Miss
Gabrielle seemed to have changed her attitude towards Lucy as well. I guess the
fact Lucy was willing to look after her even after she treated her badly has
changed her thinking. I hope the change  is for good. Oh and I was to tell you
to be ready at 10 o'clock for the trip to the mine, but before that I'm to give
you the Tour of the house and grounds. There will be a picnic lunch after the
mine visit. I'll come back in an hour to help you dress." Pam left and Tracy and
Sarah tucked into their breakfast.

     As they ate they discussed yesterdays happenings. Sarah was worried about
one of yesterdays incident. "Mistress you aren't angry about my having sex with
Pam yesterday are you?"

     "Funny you should say that. I was remembering that when I was watching you
both yesterday I was wondering why I didn't feel jealous. Yet all I felt was
pleased that you were enjoying yourself. So no I'm not angry about that. If you
find a girl you want to have fun with Sarah that's OK with me so long as you get
my permission first or we're together as we were yesterday. I realise your life
is pretty restricted with me. Just get my permission first, OK?"

     Sarah wrapped her arms around Tracy and hugged her. "Oh. Thankyou so much
Tracy. I'm so lucky belonging to you. You make being a crim-slave so much
easier. I'd hate to think what life would have been like if I'd been given to
someone like Harris to handle."

     Tracy shuddered. "Don't think of it. If only we could get your lease tied
up then you would be safe. Oh! Hi, Pam We've finished here."

     "Right mistress Tracy. I'll take the tray back then be back to dress you"
Pam slipped out the door and Sarah and Tracy headed for the bathroom.

     Pam soon returned. "Now what I suggest you wear today is this, Miss Tracy."
Pam drew a blue short sleeved tunic from a chest. Tracy slipped it over her
head. It fell to just above her knees. Tracy stood in front of the mirror. It
seemed to fit well. Pam handed her a belt to go with it.

     "It will be fine," she said, "It looks a lot like the one Mr Adamsdale was
wearing, design-wise."

     "True, Miss Tracy. There isn't much difference in the design of male and
female tunics and its what many people wear when working."

     Pam produced a pair of sandals. "These sandals are heavier then those you
wore last night, Miss Tracy, They are for outside work whereas the lighter ones
are for in-house. And here is a pair for you Sarah. This House allows its slaves
to wear sandals outside though many don't. Now if you are ready Ms Tracy, I'll
show you around. Oh and Lucy asked me to say thankyou for what you did last
night, Ms Tracy. She really appreciated it. She hopes things will be better
between her and Ms Gabrielle now."

     "That's fine, Pam I hope things go well for her," replied Tracy. Taking
Sarah's hand Tracy followed Pam out the door. There was another door opposite
theirs which Pam opened and they both peered in, "Another guest room, Ms Tracy,
There are six bedrooms all together. All much the same as yours except for
Madams -Ms Frederica's that is- which is the master bedroom and is bigger. See
this is the third guest room. The family rooms are in this corridor." Pam led
the way to a new door, "This is Ms Fred's room sorry I mean Ms Frederica's," Pam
flushed at the slip, "She has a room similar to yours as does Ms Kerry. See."
Tracy and Sarah poked their heads in the rooms but didn't enter. They saw two
rooms which were very similar to their own. "This one is Madam's. It's bigger as
I said." The master bedroom was certainly bigger and had some extra furniture in
it, a small table and chairs. Pam led the way along the corridor towards what
Tracy realised was the back of the house. They passed through the dining room
and down a corridor that had walls less ornately finished to what was clearly
the kitchen. The room was busy with slaves wearing both crim-collars and
vol-chains moving around stirring pots of things cooking on stoves, which Tracy
noted were of modern design as was the lighting, she suddenly realised. All
lights were recessed in the ceiling in all rooms. Pam showed them the storage
rooms which were fitted with modern fridges and freezers for food storage.

     "Where do you and the other slaves sleep, Pam?" queried Sarah, "Do you have
a room  or dormitory of your own?"

     "We sleep in what is known as the stables, Sarah," replied Pam. She looked
at Tracy, "If you want to see the stables...?"

     "Yes please, Pam" replied Tracy. Pam led the way out a door into a rear
courtyard. There were several buildings, around the yard. From the open doors of
one could be seen the four-wheeled carriage that they had arrived in the day
before along side a second smaller two-wheeled carriage and another four-wheeled
flat topped cart similar to those they had seen at the dock the previous day.
"You can see that that shed holds the carriages," said Pam pointing, "This one
holds supplies of all sorts." she opened a door so that they could see in. The
shelves were stacked high with cases and boxes of all sizes and shapes.

     "This building is what is known as the stables which is where we slaves
sleep, except for the personal body-slaves who usually sleep in their owners
room," smiled Pam, looking at Sarah who smiled back. "Some think they're the
lucky ones,  but I don't think so."

     "Why is that?" asked Tracy.

     "Because they can at any time fall out of favour with their owner and
suddenly be reduced to the lowest status and have a hard time because the other
slaves may take it out on the rejected slave if during their time in favour they
were cruel to other slaves," explained Pam.

     "I see what you mean," said Tracy slowly, "Has that happened to you Pam?"

     "Yes,"

     "Here?"

     "No. I was sentenced to three years for stealing. My lease was purchased by
a woman who seemed to like me. She had three other slaves as well but I became
her personal body-slave and was given authority over the others - even to be
able to discipline them. Unfortunately I didn't know any better and began to
over-do the disciplining and get to uppity with them thinking my position was
secure. Then the woman purchased a new slave and I was reduced to serving her.
The other slaves had been waiting for this as they had known the woman often did
this - use a slave then dump her and got another one. They got onto me and made
my life misery knowing the mistress would actually be watching as the slaves
humiliated me. They would strip me tie me up in humiliating positions and whip
me till I screamed for mercy. I was also made to do most of the heavy carrying
when shopping. Finally one day I collapsed in the street under a load of
shopping literally at the feet of a policeman. The police charged my owner with
cruelty and she was fined and barred from owning crim leases. All of us slaves
were returned to prison where I recovered then I was leased out to the Davis
family and well, here I am."

     "How much longer have you to serve?"

     "About another six months. Come. I'll show you the stables." Pam opened the
door to a long building. On entering Tracy saw it was split into three sections.
"This centre room  is a common room," explained Pam, "It is used for resting and
reading mainly. We house slaves eat in the kitchen." The room was furnished with
a long low table and lots of cushions. A com panel was in one wall There were
some slaves sitting on the cushions resting, reading and talking quietly. They
all fell silent as Tracy and Sarah followed Pam inside. "To the left is the
men's room and the women's room is to the right," continued Pam, "Do you want to
see them?"

     "Just the women's area, thanks Pam. It's not right for strange women to
barge into the men's area and I don't want to cause trouble." Sarah noted that
Tracy's statement had resulted in relaxation in the stance of some male slaves
sitting at the table. "I take it you are not actually locked in here then?"

     "Oh. We are at night," replied Pam as she led the way over to the Women's
door and opened it. Tracy noticed it had two heavy locks on it. It opened into a
long bare room with thick carpet on the floor and rings in the walls some of
which had chains hanging from them. Half-way down the room a naked woman was
sitting on a cushion, a chain running from her neck chain to a ring in the wall.
Kneeling beside her was a young girl wearing a slave tunic but nothing round her
neck. She was holding the older woman's hand tightly and looking up at Tracy and
Sarah fearfully as they approached. Looking further along the room Tracy noted
an open door that led into another room.

     "What's through there?"

     "The washroom and toilets."

     "Then you aren't chained to the wall at night normally?"

     "No only newcomers or unruly slaves are chained. This is Dora. She only
arrived yesterday. She would have been on the same ferry that you were on, but
in the cages."

     "I understand. But is it usual for a slave to have her child with her?"

     "Oh Yes. If the slave can't make arrangements for her children then she can
take them with her but that lowers her price as the owner must feed the child
and educate it to secondary level."

     "Oh Yes I remember now. Dora how come you ended up here?"

     "Please Mistress, I couldn't pay my husbands debts after he died. I signed
the bond agreement as he had when we took out the loan. When he died I was held
responsible for the debt and when I couldn't keep up the payments I was seized
and sold. This is Sheila. She won't be hurt will she?"

     "No. She is safe here." replied Tracy. *I hope. She is a lovely girl Any
man would want her.*  "Is this the first owner you have had as a slave, Dora?"

     "Yes, M'am."

     "How old is Sheila?"

     "Twelve."

     "She is a pretty girl. You should be proud of her."

     Dora's face lit up. "I am." she replied.

     Tracy stepped back and looked around. "Where are your beds or bedding,
Pam?"

     "Up on that shelf, Ms Tracy. We put the mattresses down on the floor and
roll up in the blankets on them. Each morning we are required to fold them up
and put them on the shelf there." Pam pointed. "That's all there is to see here
M'am, unless you want to see the ponies and the punishment yard?"

     "Certainly, If we have time."

     "This way then." Pam led the way back through the common room and out the
door. They went over past the shed housing the carriages and came to another
building. "This is the second stable. The slaves housed here are used for
pulling the carriages and carts. It's the worst job on the Island yet it is
important since we don't have any drought animals on the planet. Only the really
bad slaves are used for this. They are treated like animals. Almost all are
crims and about 3/4 are male. Those female drought ponies - yes Ms Tracy they
are known as 'ponies' - are more often used to pull carriages instead of the
carts of crystal. Villa owners seem to think female ponies are nicer to look at.
That's why you will see the villa's carriages with more female ponies than male.
There are  female ponies in the stables at the mine, or so I've heard."

     Pam opened the outer door. Seated at a table just inside the door was a
woman Tracy recognized vaguely. She looked up sharply as the door was opened.
"Ms Tracy this is Ms Vera, she is the head overseer of the Davis slaves. Ms Vera
this is Ms Tracy, a guest of Ms Frederica's. I'm giving her the tour, M'am."

     "I see." the woman sat back and looked at Tracy for a moment then stood and
held out her hand which Tracy took. "Well...  Welcome to the Island, Tracy. I
hear you stirred up trouble for Gabrielle Adamsdale last night."

     "I assure you Ms Andrews, I had no intention to get her into trouble. I
just couldn't stand to see how her slave was staring so hungrily at the food.
Then when Pam here told me the girl hadn't been fed for three days, well..."
Tracy shrugged a shoulder.

     "Yes, that is a bit long." agreed Vera. She was dressed in a similar black
outfit Tracy had seen her in the previous day. On the table beside the papers
she had been working on was a switch which she now took up. "Come along then. I
take it Pam has shown you the first stable?"

     "Yes she has."

     "Right then. This way." Vera led them down a corridor with doors on the
right as they went. Tracy was conscious of Pam following curiously behind them.
These doors were locked and each had a bared window through which Tracy could
see the figure of a man or woman. "These cells are for new slaves who have not
been evaluated. You understand Tracy that when we buy new leases, each slave has
to be evaluated to decide where he or she would be most useful. Were you aware
that there were four new slaves for us on board the ferry you came over on?"

     "No I wasn't."

     "Well there were. They were delivered here yesterday and I am examining
them now. Three males and a female. This is one of the males." Vera peered
through the bared window on the door then unlocked the door and opened it. The
man was naked and shackled by two chains which came from the ceiling and held
him by the wrists with his arms spread up and out above his head. He wore a
brown collar. He was facing the back wall as they entered the cell.  "You see
Tracy, this slave has good legs, see the thigh muscles are well developed and
the  shoulder muscles are also well developed. He may well have been a sportsman
or at least a regular at a gym. There is little excess fat on him." Vera moved
round the slave so she was facing him. Tracy and Sarah followed. Tracy saw he
was gagged with a lock gag that stopped him speaking but didn't impede his
breathing. Vera continued, "See here also (She tapped the mans upper arms with
her switch) his arm muscles are in good shape also as his shoulders. I think we
will be using this slave as a hauling pony. We certainly need them."

     Tracy had noticed the man was trying to speak round the gag. His eyes were
angry. "Has he been any trouble? Do you normally gag them?"

     "I don't normally gag them, no. But this one wouldn't stop shouting that he
was a man not a slave and he wouldn't take orders from a woman. Look here." Vera
touched the man's left arm which showed the tattooed words WOMEN OBEY.

     "Ah" said Sarah, "A member of the Cult of Ares."

     "The what?" said Tracy in surprise.

     Sarah looked at Vera who was looking at Tracy curiously, "You haven't heard
of the Cult of  Ares?" Tracy shook her head. "Well it's a cult of men who claim
to worship the old Grecian deity of Ares, God of War. They claim men should be
in charge and all women their slaves. It is a pretty harmless cult although some
members have claimed they should have the right to rape any unmarried woman they
wish since the woman doesn't belong to a man. They sound sick to me."

     "If they believe that then they sure sound sick," agreed Tracy, "May I
check his collar?"

     "Certainly,"

     Tracy reached up and pushed the switch on the man's collar. It lit up and
Tracy read out, "Crime- rape, sentence100 years. I see. Aunt Elizabeth told me
that was the usual sentence now for individual rape cases now that we have Long
Life Serum. Only if the case is involving children or many cases, that is a
serial rapist, will they be sentenced to a black collar."

     "He wont like spending all that time under women, now, will he?" grinned
Sarah.

     "Vera smiled. "No. He wont. Come and see the others."

     When Vera opened the next cell, Sarah gasped "Kevin." The man was shackled
in the same way as the previous man. As they entered the cell he twisted his
head around and his eyebrows shot up.

     "Sarah? Is it really you? What are you doing here?"

     "You know this man, Sarah?" queried Vera, looking at her curiously.

     "He is the brother of the man who wrecked my family as part of his plan to
rob the National Bank. His brother David pretended to love my mother and married
her just to get her knowledge of the banks security systems. The robbery failed
and two guards were killed and two wounded. He will do anything his brother
wants him to do. Is he here too? David Hawkins?"

     "I don't think so. Still. We will see in the next cell."

     "He's not," answered Kevin. "His lease was purchased by the Adamsdale
crystal mine."

     Sarah slowly walked right round Kevin then faced him again. "Do you still
think it was smart to follow David and his ideas, Kevin?" He didn't answer.

     On opening the next cell Sarah sighed. "No. Its not him. Funny. I don't
know if I'm sorry he isn't here or relieved that he isn't. He is a monster who
doesn't care who he hurts so long as he gets what he wants." Sarah took a deep
breath. "Will all three men be ponies, M'am?" she queried of Vera.

     "Probably. They all have the necessary leg muscles. Two of them will be
sent to the mine stable in a day or so." Vera opened another cell. "This is the
female slave that came with the males."

     "Natile Hawkins," gasped Sarah. Staring at the woman shackled before her.
The woman was chained as were the men, her wrists secured high above her head
and wide apart. She wore a black collar. Her breasts were firm and round, lifted
high by the upraising of the arms. Her eyebrows shot up as her eyes settled on
Sarah.

     "Sarah! Are you all right?"

     "Hello Natile, I'm fine."

     Tracy studied the woman displayed before her. She was about as tall as
Tracy, with shoulder length brown hair, nice looking breasts, flat tummy, trim
hips, well muscled legs, neatly trimmed pussy. Tracy watched as Sarah stared at
the woman for a long moment then moved forward and to Tracy's surprise, put a
hand gently on Natile's cheek and stroked it.

     "Why did you let David rule your life Natile?" she asked quietly. Sarah
turned to Tracy, "I don't think Natile is as bad as her brothers, Tracy because
when I was called to trial and the question of a Truth Light was raised, I
actually heard her arguing with David, trying to convince him to get the Light.
He refused, and when Natile wouldn't stop arguing I heard a hard slap. He hit
her. I didn't actually see him do it but later when I saw Natile she had a nasty
bruise on her cheek. She said she had run into a door but I knew it wasn't
true." Sarah turned and faced the shackled woman. "Were you afraid of David,
Natile? Is that why you went along with his plans?"

     Natile slowly nodded her head. "Yes. I'd always been afraid of him. You see
, there is six years between us and one day, when I was eight David was angry
because he had been told to stay home and look after me while our parents were
out. He grabbed me, threw be onto his bed pulled my clothes off and.... and.."
Natile stopped and took a deep breath. She was shaking. "After that I was always
scared of him. He said he would always get me eventually if ever I crossed him,
and I believed him. Our father always took his part in any argument and said
women should do as their men said.  I became to scared to do anything other than
what he said."

     "I see," said Sarah, "Thanks for trying about the Light anyway."

     "Don't mention it. Is David here on the Island? I know Kevin is here."

     "No. Kevin said he went to the Adamsdale mine."

     This news seemed to relax Natile. She looked at Vera. "May I know what is
to happen to me, M'am?"

     Tracy looked at Vera. "Will Natile be going to the mine too?"

     "No. She will remain here and be a pony for the personal carriages here.
Many families prefer women in the harness of their carriages, they think it
looks nicer. The claim is that they are more graceful. They are also preferred
as pack ponies for the same reason."

     "Well from the little I've seen of them, I think they may be right. Natile
here certainly has a nice figure. Are both vol-slaves as well as crim-slaves
used in  harness, Vera?" queried Tracy.

     "Certainly. By the way, has Sarah had any slave schooling, Tracy?"

     "No. I've been hoping, perhaps foolishly, that there was a chance to get
her out of the collar. There is something wrong with her sentencing. Aunt
Elizabeth believes the judge was wrong in sentencing her. She believes Sarah
should not have been tried. She was only defending her sister after all. Aunt
Elizabeth says normally her case would have been declared justifiable homicide."

     "Is there really much chance of getting it changed?"

     "Probably not, I suppose," sighed Tracy, slipping an arm round Sarah, "But
last night some information came to light that may farce the authorities to
review her case. It seems that there could be a connection between Sarah's trial
judge and the rapist she killed. But it's not proven yet."

     "You care for her don't you?"

     "Very much. If she must stay in the collar, I would like to have her lease,
for life."

     "How come you don't already have it? I thought crims were leased out almost
immediately."

     "There is a fifty year old Ministerial ruling that children who commit
murder under age of 15 must spend 12 months behind bars first. Sarah was only 13
when it happened. It will be another 7 months before she can be leased out."

     "I see."

     "Were you going to suggest she have some training of some sought?"

     "Yes, if she was to stay here I could evaluate her for you. If she is not
leased, how come she is with you?"

     "I go to the school that Robinvale Prison sends its school-age inmates too.
I was appointed her 'handler' at school. Do you know of that system?"

     "No."

     "It means each crim student has a free student appointed to look after or
'handle' her. See she gets any help she needs and sees also she doesn't run off.
I was appointed Sarah's handler and we became close. Handlers often have their
crims home for the weekends and holidays. During the school year though they
must return to the prison. Normally they have to wear prison clothing and in the
case of a black collar, hands are required to be chained, but since this is a
private island Sarah is allowed to drop those rules."

     "I see, so if nothing can be done for her case you intend to buy her lease
in 7 months."

     "If it is the only way, yes."

     "What do you think of all this Sarah?"

     "I've accepted my position now, M'am. At first I thought there might be a
chance of a reprieve, but I don't have much hope now. All I do hope for is that
it is Tracy that gets my lease. She has been very good to me and I have come to
love her very much. I could accept being her slave in either a collar or a
chain."

     Tracy flushed and squeezed Sarah tightly. Then she looked at her watch. "We
better get back soon. Is there any part we haven't seen Vera?"

     "Only the training yard. and living quarters. This way"

     "I'll see you later then Natile," said Sarah.

     "Yes Sarah, I hope things go well for you. Goodbye."

     Vera led the way along the corridor past more cells, to where the corridor
ended in a T- junction where the building extended off in two directions each 
behind a locked door. The two doors were marked simply Stallions and Fillies.
Vera opened the door marked Fillies. Inside were some 20  slaves. All were naked
but for their neck collars or chains, and also a shackle on an ankle. Some
slaves were sitting on cushions reading book viewers, some watching a news
broadcast, others were playing with a ball. Two were kneeling over a chessboard.
One was using an exercise machine. There was a com machine on one wall. Two were
having sex in the '69' position at one end of the room, a dark haired slave on
top of a fair haired one, both with their tongues working busily in the other's
cunt. There was a row of long shelves along one wall which held bedding and
other equipment. At the far end of the room was a tiled area on which were a
line of toilets and wash-basions and showers.

     As soon as the door was opened all the slaves stopped whatever they had
been doing and ran to stand in a long line, their toes on a long green  tape
fixed into the carpet. All, that is except the two having sex who were so
excited and so intent on each other they hadn't noticed the door opening.

     "Kneel," barked Vera as she proceeded down the length of the room. All
slaves immediately knelt, their backs straight, heads down. Tracy saw also that
there was a series of red glass-like objects in lines running across and down
the length of the room and wondered what they were for. Vera proceeded over to
where the two lovers were and waited. Tracy noted that the other slaves didn't
move or even look round. Finally both the slaves came to orgasm and collapsed
gasping. Vera poked them with her switch. "Have you two slaves suddenly
forgotten your training that you think we should have to wait for you to finish
enjoying yourselves before we do anything around here?" Vera demanded. Still
gasping both slaves scrambled onto their knees, heads pressed to the carpet.

     "Forgive me Mistress, gasped the blonde-haired one.

     "We did not see you, Mistress, forgive us," said the dark-haired one.

     "Bottoms up, both of you," snapped Vera. Both slaves immediately brought
their knees forward under them  and pressing their heads to the carpet, raised
their bottoms up and held them steady. Vera moved to the side of the blonde and
rested the tip of her switch on the proffered bottom. Then she raised the switch
and swung.

     CRACK   "AWWWW..... one," gasped the blonde. The dark-haired one didn't
stir.

     CRACK   "AWWWW....... two,"

     CRACK  "AWWWWWW..... three," she sobbed.

     CRACK  "AWWWWWWW.....four"

     Vera now moved to the side of the dark-haired slave and again rested her
switch on the slaves bottom, before she raised it and swung.

     CRACK   "one" counted the slave calmly.

     CRACK   "two"

     CRACK   "th...three"

     CRACK   "f.. four," she sobbed.

     "You will both remain where you are until I return," snapped Vera. She
turned and strode back to where Tracy and Sarah were standing with a silent Pam
behind them.

     "You see Tracy all our Fillies are kept healthy and strong by regular
exercise and work At  the same time we don't deny them news from the outside
world. Also they can send messages to family if they wish, although not many do.
They live and sleep here. Their bedding is stored on the shelves there. They
sleep on the floor on the mattresses you see rolled up there." Vera was gently
stroking the nearest slave across the shoulder and back. Tracy saw that the
slave eagerly moved into the stroking, obversely enjoying the touch.

     "I see. Do they eat here too?"

     "Yes. Food is brought over from the kitchen. The Stallions have the same
arrangements but right now there are none here. All are out working. Come this
way and I will show you the punishment yard and the harness room."

     Vera led the way out the side door into the yard where several devices
familiar to Tracy and Sarah were set up. A large barrel, A flogging frame a
pillory and other devices, none of which were in use at this time. Vera led the
way across the yard to the building which housed the carriages. The main doors
were open and ponies were being prepared for harnessing Four ponies were already
in harness and were secured to the four-wheel carriage. Two others were hanging
from a bar by their wrists. "They are being washed" explained Vera as they
approached, "Ponies are always washed before harnessing when they are to pull
carriages."

     The two attendants, both free women, first sprayed the two ponies all over
with a liquid soap. They followed this by rubbing them all over with sponges and
their soapy hands, going into all curves and crevices and obversely enjoying
themselves immensely.   Finally they turned a hose onto the suspended ponies and
rinsed them off. The ponies were then dried with a hot air blower then one was
released from the bar and harnessed. First the pony's hands were shackled to a
cross-bar standing out from the wall, then the attendant pushed the pony's head
down, bending her over the bar. One of the women then pulled the pony's
butt-cheeks apart while the other produced a long tail that was inserted into
the pony's butt-hole. Sandals were then put on the pony's feet, followed by the
head gear that had a colourful plume sticking up from it and included the two
side devices that limited the vision to forward. Straps went under the fillies
breasts, pushing them up and emphasising them. The last item was the bit-gag
which was locked in the mouth. The pony was then taken to the carriage and
shackled to a cross-bar sticking out from the central shaft, the reins being
draped over the driver's seat.

     "Where's Meg," demanded Vera suddenly, "If she is late she will feel my
canes kiss."

     "Here Ms Vera," came the cheerful reply as a brown chained slave entered
the building. She was dressed as she had been the day before, Tracy noted, a
blue wrap- skirt, her nipples clamped with a chain between the clamps.

     "Meg how do you stand those clamps." queried Tracy, "They must hurt."

     "They do Mistress but I love it," came the cheerful reply.

     "Do you like all type of pain or just on your nipples?"

     "All types, Ms. I seem to get an orgasm from all pain. Ms Vera hasn't yet
found a way for me to not et an orgasm from pain."

     Tracy glanced at Vera who nodded. "True Tracy. This slave is a true
masochist. She loves pain in all its forms."

     "Incredible. By the way, yesterday there were only four ponies, today six.
Why is that?"

     "Longer distance to go and larger number of passengers, M'am," replied Meg,
"See. We can add extensions on to the central bar and have as many ponies as
needed."

     "Remarkable," said Tracy shaking her head. She watched as Meg checked the
harnesses of the six ponies and climbed into the drivers seat and picked up the
reins and whip.

     "Climb aboard M'am. Ms Fred and Ms Kerry are nearly ready."

     "Right," said Tracy, "Thankyou for showing us around Vera and thankyou for
the tour Pam."

     Tracy and Sarah climbed aboard and Meg cracked the whip over the
slave-ponies heads. They immediately put their hands on the cross-bars and
pushed hard with their legs. the carriage moved slowly off. Meg drove round the
house and reined up at the front door. Fred and Kerry Davis emerged from the
front door followed by their slaves who each carried a picnic basket.

     "So there you are," said Fred as the carriage drew up at the front steps.
"We wondered where you had got to. Pam give you the tour?"

     "Yes thanks, Cousin," replied Tracy, "You have an incredible set-up here.
We have seen both your stables. We also saw these ponies being prepared."

     "Ah. I see."

     The picnic baskets were tied to the back of the carriage and then Fred and
Kerry climbed aboard followed by Doris and Jane. Tracy noted that each slave was
sitting opposite her mistress. Meg cracked her whip again and with a heave the
ponies set off. Tracy noted that the ponies set a steady pace that was something
of a slow trot. She turned to Fred.

     "We saw the stables, Fred," she said quietly, "And also your four new
slaves. Did you know who they were?"

     "No, who they were in there old life is of little importance here, Tracy.
Why. Did you recognise anyone?"

     "Not me, M'am. But Sarah did. You have purchased the brother and sister of
the man who married Sarah's mother to get her security knowledge and then ruined
her family. But not the man himself. Are you sure that wasn't deliberate?"

     "Quite sure I assure you, Tracy. The males will be sent to the mine
tomorrow, the female will become another pony. One of our pony's is up for
release shortly. She will go back to Robinvale with you in fact when you leave
here."

     "Excuse me, M'am," said Sarah, "How come the ponies can keep up such a
steady pace for so long? This carriage and all of us must be heavy."

     "Not as heave as you may think, Sarah. This carriage is actually made of
tubular plastic. It is very light for its size. It's the same with all our
carriages and carts. Anyway if need be we simply add extra ponies when the load
gets to much."

     "By the way Tracy we have accepted an invitation to a dinner at the Evans
villa in three days time. Hope you will agree to come. And yes Sarah will come
too. It is normal for an owner to be accompanied by his or her personal slave."

     "Yes, Of course we will come." Tracy sat back and admired the view as they
went along. Then she frowned and glanced at Sarah who was looking around them
also. Will there be any problems with the coming visit? Perhaps Reginald Thomas
wouldn't recognize them. Should she remind Kerry of this or not? Tracy sighed
and pushed the thought to the back of her mind. She settled back to enjoy the
ride. *Will I ever be able to afford to own a villa like the Davis?*

     Part 8. The mine, the picnic and the visit.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  James Wilson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





