BDSM Library - A submissive's Stories




A submissive's Stories
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about a Mistress turning a slave into a woman and taking him out on the town.
			A Submissive's Stories	
			 (Sissified and Used)
			written by: Eric Boosa



	Mistress calls and leaves a message for me to be at Her place at 6:00 pm
sharp no exceptions i arrive at Mistress's place at the time ordered and ring
the doorbell and Mistress answeres the dooring wearing a black leather mini
skirt with a black silk blouse and i kneel down and kiss Her toes since Mistress
is wearing open toe shoes and lick each toe without a word spoken and Mistress
reaches under my chin and guides me up to my feet. Mistress places a collar
around my neck and attaches a leash to the collar and leads me inside and closes
the door.  	Inside on the table in the foyer Mistress grabs a mask and
slides it on my head to where i can see anything at all and everything goes
totally black. Mistress orders me on all fours and makes me crawl behind Her
like a dog until Wwe come to a stop and MIstress orders me to stand.

	Mistress whispers into my ear "you have been very good to Me slave. You
have been very loyal, obediant, trusting. I am going to reward You tonight very
well for such good service to Me. You will never forget tonight with what I have
instore for You, since I know your wants, needs, and desires." with that she
starts to take off my shirt and starts to pull down my pants and my underwear as
i hear another female voice come in as i am stripped totally naked. standing in
from i know is just two women. MIstress introduces her female slave as pet. you
slave shall just call her pet and you do not take orders from her or talk to her
unless its with My approval. with that in mind all of a sudden i feel my dick
being sucked on and my thighs being spread and then i feel a finger inserted
into my ass. Mistress gives me permission to cum, so i let a big load into the
pets mouth. i am thinking wow, what a wonderful reward. Mistress says "that is
only a taste as to what is in store for you tonight." With that i feel a bra is
being placed on me, and then underwear with pet pushing in my cock. then a
something around my waste and feel them sliding up something up my two legs. i
feel a silk shirt around me as its being buttoned up. MIstress says "your eyes
are to be kept shut as i remove this mask. (with a stern voice as i am familiar
with) NO EXCEPTIONS!! so with that i feel the mask removed and my eyes are kept
shut tight as ordered. i feel Mistress and pet marking on my face and brushing
my face. the mask is then placed back over my eyes after Tthey are done. i feel
them fixing my hair.

	Mistress asks pet if she is ready and she confirms with Mistress and
then i feel my wrists bound together with rope. i feel a tug on the leash and i
follow Tthem outside and hear car doors open and i am carefully placed inside
and here MIstress and pet climb in also.

	as We were travelling Mistress was giving me my orders to follow for
tonight. Mistress says "here are your rules slave to follow (with Her normal
stern voice. 1. you are not to make any agressive moves to anyone. 2. only speek
to me and noone else not even pet. 3. follow my orders to the letter. it must
have been pretty late since it felt like it took a while for Mistress and pet to
prepare me and for the trip to wherehver Wwe are going and finelly feel the car
come to a complete stop.

	i hear the doors open and i am pulled outside and stood up, my wrists
are being unbound. Mistress says "this is what you always wanted and this is
going to be a night to remember. Wwe will take a few minutes for you take gather
yourself and check yourself out and your surroundings. with that the collar is
removed and the leash and all tossed inside the car and i open my eyes as they
flicker a moment to adjust from the blackness into the light. i look at myself
and i am wearing a plaid red skirt with white kneehighs clipped to a garter belt
with a red silk blouse, and my hair is fixed into ponytails and Mistress hands
me a mirror. i see make up applied pretty heavily making me look all trashy. i
have just been turned into a schoolgirl slut. after looking myself over i look
at my surroundings. i see people walking around and hanging out and see
different clubs and resteraunts. i remember stories about this area. this is the
gay district where all the gay and lesbians hangout at and felt myself shrink
feeling everyone staring at me like they could see the straight male through
this outfit. i never come down here knowing what this place is so scared of the
other guys hitting on me and MIstress understands all my limits and fears and i
trust Mistress that She wouldn't let anyone bother me other than Her, because i
am MIstress's slave. MIstress starts walking and i follow behind the both of
them.    

	i follow Mistress and pet into a club. when i walk in all i notice are
just women around. female bartenders, women groping, kissing, dancing with each
other, with a female dj overleooking the dance floor. Wwe sit down at a table
beside the dance floor and Mistress oders shots with beer chasers. Mistress
knows i am such a lush and would not take much to get me drunk. Mistress makes
me slam two shots and take a sip of beer. MIstress then ask Her pet for a dance,
Mistress, grabs pets hand and leads her to the dance floor just a couple of feet
away. by now i am already buzzing and bulging so hard in my panties wondering if
any other ladies might know. so now i am staring at MIstress and pet holding
each other, kissing holding each other tightly when another lady comes up and
lays a shot down, sits down with a hand on my knee. by now i am so going nuts i
can not stand it. i smile at the lady and she asks me for a dance and Mistress
leans over and says she is with Me also. so i slam the thrid shot down and the
lady leaves.

	Mistress leans over and mentions its time to go and freshen up. Mistress
leans over and grabs my hand and leads me into the restroom. as a lady leaves
and Wwe enter, MIstress locks the door behind Uus. i tell MIstress i need to
releive myself and Mistress orders me to lower my skirt and panties and sit on
the toilet like a lady with the door to the stall open so that Mistress and pet
could watch me. i let out a soft sigh as i start to pee in front of them and
then i had to poop also. i say "thank You MIstress for the wonderful evening."
Mistress replies "the best has yet to come." Mistress orders me to stand up and
trun around and place my hands on the toilet. pet flushes it, and grabs the
toilet paper and then wipes my ass for me. by now, my patchetic cock is so hard
now. pet reaches over and starts rubbing my cock. i close my eyes to feel my
throbbing cock when i feel a plastic dildo slowly ease into my ass. i let out a
soft moan, "oh MIstress, thank You" Mistress starts to pump me with her strap on
dildo that feels about 10" long and about a quarter in diameter. Mistress also
starts to slap my ass turning it red with a stinging, burning sensation. as
Mistress begins to fuck me, pet positions herself to where she starts sucking my
cock. by now i am in submissive bliss with so much passion and feeling i feel my
asshole so stretched like it never has been before. i ask permission to cum.
Mistress grants permission and this time orders pet to keep the cum in her
mouth. i let out such a moan that i would if they heard me outside and blast
another hot sticky load of cum in her mouth and MIstress stops pumping and lets
the dildo sit in my asshole. pet then gets up with my cum in her mouth and
french kisses Mistress sharing my cum between them, then comes back and shares
some of my own cum with me as we kiss each other deeply. Mistress then finally
pulls Her strap on out of my ass and i feel my assshole sighing with releif.
MIstress spins me around and then kisses me deeply as all three of Uus have now
shared my cum. i am now rubbing my sore bright red ass, pet then rubs it for me
as she pulls up my panties and positions my cock inside them and then my skirt.
Wwe Aall exchange brief kisses with each other again and head on over to the
counter and freshen up the make up and towel off the sweat. Mistress says "you
have been so good to me slave this has been your reward. your so honest, loyal,
obediant, and trustworthy. you are now free to do as you please when i tell you
to, for tonight. "Mistress unlocks the door and we head back to Oour table and
sit down.

	Mistress orders more shots and beers. i slam another two shots down and
feeling really good by this time. Mistress states "you are free to do as you
wish within this club" Mistress gets up abd leads Her pet back out to the dance
floor leaving me alone again. the same woman as before comes back and lays her
hand on my shoulder and asks me to dance with her one more time. this time
feeling really good i reply "yes" and she leads me out to the dance floor. we
embrace each other tightly and i feel her breasts pressing into my chest and she
grabs my ass and she whispers into my ear, "is that your girlfriend over there?"
i reply with a "no" and she lays her head on my shoulder and we dance slowly and
have a deep conversation with each other for quite sometime, because now the
last call for alcohol comes over the sound system and and she leans back and
grabs my man booby and she says "that feels really nice," and leans back into
me. she blows into my ear and whispers sweet nothings. now the closing call
comes out and states we are now closed. the lady leans back and grabs a card
from her breast and places it in my bra saying she has her number on it and
tells me to call her. she would like to get to know me and that it would be
worth my while. i say "thank you and smile at her and maybe we will see what
happens." now MIstress comes over and says its time to go, and i bid a fonde
farewell to my new lady and give her a deep wet kiss goodbye and Wwe head out
the door. Mistress approved of my selection and said she was very pretty also.

	MIstress leads me back out to the car, pet puts the collar and the leash
back on, then binds my wrists again with the rope and slides the mask back on.
pet, then carefully positions me back into the car and Mistress and pet get in.
MIstress starts the car and takes off. MIstress sayes "that was your reward pet,
i hope you enjoyed it, and more sure to come if you keep up your service as you
have so far." i reply "yes MIstress, i will do my very best." i pull out the
card and it has my new friends lipstick on it with her wonderful sent. i lean
over and put the card back in my bra and pass out in exstacy.



THE END.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Eric Boosa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





