BDSM Library - Drive By




Drive By
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave trader spots a lovely middle aged mother and then discovers her virgin 16 year old cheer leader daughter and her stunning friend.
Heavy NC, anal, vaginal and oral rape.

If you are not old enough to read erotic literature of a nonconsensual nature,
get out of this site. If it is illegal to read nonconsensual literature in your
part of the world, go away.
This is a copyrighted story. It belongs to The Trapper. Don't let me find this
story on any pay site unless I placed it there. You are free to download and put
on non pay sites! Not other uses are implied or granted. Any other use will take
written authorization. thetrapper@graffiti.net

This story is for the "news" lady! Thanks for the encouragement!




Drive By

The Trapper                            
Part One

A flash of white and blonde caught his attention as he cruised through the upper
middle class neighborhood in his stolen ride. He barely caught the bright flash
out of the corner of his left eye. He was slowing down for a four-way stop sign.
He slowed down enough to let a car approaching from the right beat him to the
intersection. As he waited for the other vehicle to cross and clear the
intersection he looked right, then left as if checking for traffic. Now he got a
good look at the flash of color. "Damn, she's one hot little piece," he said out
load to himself. He turned left and got a glimpse of her running down the drive
with a briefcase in her hand. A brand new shiny black foreign luxury sedan
stopped backing out the drive and a late middle age guy jumped out to take the
briefcase from her.  She spun around to run back up the drive; as she spun her
robe flew open. She quickly pulled it shut. But, not before he had a glimpse of
her tiny white panties and long, long tanned legs. He heard the guy call out,
"Bye honey, see you tomorrow night, don't forget that I won't be home until
about mid-night," as he backed into the street.

"Fuck, I'm going to get me some of that," An alley came into view on his left.
It ran right behind the house. He signaled and slowly drove into the narrow
heavily brush lined little lane. The back of the house had lots of bushes
growing between the fence and the alley. About a hundred feet ahead he saw a
park sign. It was the side entrance to a neighborhood pocket park. He pulled the
car to the end of the park and parked it between a dumpster and a bathroom. Not
a person stirred in the park, nobody walking or jogging on any of the nearby
paths.

 I wiped the car down quickly and eased into the shadows formed by the overgrown
vegetation lining the alley. Only one other house near and it was vacant, a For
Rent sign on a post by the entrance to a path leading through the shadows,
bushes and trees and up to the back of the stately old home. I walked into the
path casually, looking like a prospective renter as I looked over the old place.
From a strategic place in the brush between the homes I could watch my back
trail and see her place. Nothing stirred in the alley, the yards and the street
was quiet too. Easing up near the end of the line of trees and shadows I could
see the street and across it could barely make out the houses set back in the
trees there. Nothing moved anywhere. Slowly, window-by-window, I checked her
place out. Suddenly a curtain moved up on the second floor, it was a flutter;
like someone had walked by and the passage had disturbed the sheer fabric. Not
moving, I stood, looking, watching, and waiting. It was getting close to go-no
go time. Then she appeared at a window at the back of the house. Her fluffy
white robe slipped off her shoulders. I could see the sheer, shiny white fabric
of her nightie. "Fuck this shit, I'm definitely going for it," I muttered to
myself.

Some orders were harder to fill than others. This was one for a South American.
They tended to be my best customers. This potential customer spotted the pair I
just lately sold in Mexico at his amigos place in Columbia. The little blonde
really took his fancy. He got word to me through the purchaser. This was to be
an outright purchase, no auction; he would meet my price if I could fill the
order with exactly what he wanted. A young blonde, fifteen to seventeen, well
developed, translucent, milky white skin, white blonde hair, blue eyes. If she
was virgin it would bring a bonus. They could be found, but were hard to get
hold of. Not only that, these little fifteen year olds seem to think it was a
black mark against them to keep their cherry intact. Spotting them at school
wasn't hard, but it took time and hanging around schools was not my style.
Besides, like I say, most of them are already fucking at fifteen. No, hanging
around schools brought you attention, either from the little cunt or the cops.
These little broads started realizing guys were noticing them when they hit
about twelve. You couldn't just lurk in the schoolyard or near it. A mall, a
ball game, tennis court or fining them being stupid while drinking and doing
drugs at rural parties were the best places. I had made a good living over the
last twenty years by delivering lush young booty to drug lords and oil sheiks.
In the last year I had gone over 400 thou in five deliveries. It was a busy year
but I got them all over the country except for the last time. Lila and June fell
into my hands because I was patient and they were stupid. They put me up almost
half again what I had made the previous eight months. My retirement account was
close to five million now. The plan was five million or twenty- five years,
whichever came first. It would be a toss up which one I would reach first. I
didn't care, the thrill was long gone, I was in it for the bucks and wanted to
enjoy my tropical South American home. I'm still young, I could live another
forty years easily and that is a long time to do nothing but what you want to
do, answering to no one while you lazed around the warm breezy tropic coast.

I walked a little further out into the trees, keeping just into the shadow so I
could get a better view of the front. The garage door was wide open! I hadn't
had any pussy since I turned the two teens over to their buyer south of the
border. I put a snatch out of my mind. This pussy was going to be mine,
recreational pussy! I saw enough of her to know she was beautiful and built. Her
age I wasn't sure of but she's a little older than I prefer, I'm guessing about
mid forties tops. This was going to be a quiet entry, a lot of hard heavy
fucking and sucking and then I would slip away. This is why I put the snatch out
of mind, never strike and hang around. Not a good way to do business, and not
hanging around meant getting at least a thousand miles away. Probably
California, I hadn't scored there in a long time.

Silently walking through the trees and brush, staying to the darkest shadowy
area I reached the garage door. No cameras or security gear showing in front or
around any of the windows.  No light over the garage door. You had to watch
those lights with motion activators. The automatic light had gone out within the
last couple minutes. They usually last about fifteen minutes so it must have
been about twenty minutes since the guy had driven off. Just like I owned the
place, I slipped into the dark garage, slowly walked towards a dimly lighted
window towards the back and stood very quietly listening for any sound, any
movement. The two stalls beside the empty one had cars in them. One was an older
sixties model fastback. It was currently popular with the rich little girls all
over the country. It was mint and worth at least twenty five grand. The big
luxury sedan next to it was worth at least one hundred K and the car the old
fuck drove off I knew went for about A hundred twenty five K. Whoever they were,
they had bucks.

It was getting close to 7:30 now. Kids would start heading for school soon. Time
to get busy or get gone. The door into the house was unlocked. Stupid fucks,
they leave the garage door open and leave the entry door unlocked. The was a
sign that she was meant to be there for me to unload my achingly full nut sack
of it's heavy load.

The place was all heavy carpet and nothing but luxury. The carpet was quiet.
There was no dog food in the garage, no bowls in the kitchen; probably no pets.
Looking around I found the stairs and orient myself. The cunt had gone to the
back. Slowly, I walk up the stairs while I slip the mask made of a knee high
nylon over my head and make sure the thin rubber gloves are on tight. There must
be six doors in the big six-foot wide hallway. The place had to be close to four
thousand square feet. The hallway had a curtained window at the end. The last
door or the next to the last must be where I saw her.

I went to the next to the last door and slowly opened it. No squeaks or noise, I
had to remember to thank her for keeping the place so orderly and well
maintained. It was a guy's room. Probably the old fart's. I checked the top
dresser, under the pillow, the night stand. No guns, no alarm buttons, bats,
nothing for protection. Must be a nice quiet, safe neighborhood!  The top drawer
of the nightstand had a wooden box in it. I slowly opened it up. Shit, it had a
dozen rubbers in it and at least 5 thousand in hundred dollar bills. "Thanks for
the cash...and the pussy..schmuck," is said quietly to myself.

I slide the door to the next room open about a half inch. Movement!  It was her.
She was in her bathroom, diagonally across the room from the door. I could see
her back and in the mirror I could see her front. She was brushing her hair out.
She took the robe off, gave her hair a final little adjustment by tossing it to
the left and right and kind of pushing up on it from the bottom with both hands.
I didn't breath, didn't move a muscle. If she walked between me and the door,
she would never know what hit her. Instead of coming to the door, she walked out
of the bathroom and disappeared to the right. I was tempted to jump her, but she
did not know I was here and I did not take stupid chances!  I looked up at the
top of the dresser across the room. In the mirror I could see the back of her,
from ass up to her head. She was pulling clothes out of a dresser drawer and
looking through the racks and racks of clothes hanging there. Finally she picked
out a little summer dress and some shoes and walked over to the bed. Her back
was to me as she laid the clothes down. I opened the door and slid quietly
forward in stocking feet. There was only six feet or so between us. Just as I
got half-way to her, she turned towards the door.

She looked up, saw me and got a look of disbelief on her face. Before she could
run or scream I had her by the front of her robe. I showed her the needle
pointed switchblade in my right hand. "Don't fucking move, not a sound bitch," I
whispered to her. "You understand me cunt?" She looked up at me, big blue eyes
wide open; she slowly nodded her head up and down. "Reach under the robe, pull
the panties off, don't even think of making a protest or fighting."

 With shaking hands, Claire reached under her robe and slid the little white
silk panties down her legs. "Give 'em to me cunt," he ordered. She handed the
fragrant white silk to him. Shocked, she stared at him as he held them to his
nose and inhaled deeply. She felt her face turn red, felt the heat on her face
and neck as he said, "Ah, prime cunt, really prime cunt; I want to sample the
slit that delicious smell comes from, baby."

"Open up honey," I told her as I put the panties up to her mouth. Slowly her
mouth opened up and I pushed the slick shiny material in. I looked down, her
cunt was showing, she was trying to hide it by crossing her legs and putting her
hands over her muff.

Claire looked up at the masked intruder; she could feel her whole body tremble.
His body language, voice, his entire demeanor told her he meant every word he
spoke. He didn't say much, but every word he spoke scared the hell out of her.
She knew she was in some sort of shock, she felt dazed, like she was out of her
body watching what was going on in the room without the other two persons
knowing she was there.

"Move your hands honey, spread your legs," I told her. "Mmmpff," she shook her
head no. I reached down and pinched a nipple through the nightgown then twisted
it hard. "Ughh, Nuhhh," she shook her head back and forth rapidly. She quickly
uncrossed her legs, her hands dropped to her sides. She lay stiffly on her back,
spread out on the king sized bed, frozen with fear, terrified of what this
madman was going to do.

She looked to him to be about thirty. Her body was lush, she had a neatly
trimmed blonde patch at the top of her cunt, sparse hair lined her outer lips,
her mound was plump, her crack was a thin dark line with little pink splashes
showing through the thin blonde tufts.

"I'm here to fuck you baby. You give up that pussy, you do exactly what you're
told to do and I won't hurt you, understand?" She nodded her head slowly,
fearfully, as she looked around hoping for a chance to run.

Her cunt smelled so damn good; I want to taste it before fucking her. I shoved
her legs back until her knees were almost beside her ears. The split up the
middle of her mound spread open a little, the pink slit showed bright and shiny
through her sparse blond curls.

"uhh, nuuuuhhh, uh uh nawwwww" Claire shook her head back and forth, tried to
push her legs against his shoulders to force him off her. He had ducked his head
down to her pussy after shoving her legs back to her shoulders. His tongue
stabbed into her vagina. He lapped roughly up from the bottom of her labia to
her clit several times. The tip of his tongue slipped into her opening and
fucked into her in rapid thrusts. "Ughhh, Nuuuuhhhh," Claire tried to scream
though her panty gag as she struggled to push him off. It was no use, she was
held forcefully down as he continued to lap and lick her womanhood and fuck his
tongue into her core.

Claire lay back, desperately wanting find she was waking up and he was going to
go away. Every thing that had happened the past 10 minutes was like a bad dream.
"Nawwww, Claire yelled into the gag as she felt one of his big rough fingers
penetrate her and curl up to begin rubbing her G-spot. She tried to ignore how
good his tongue and the finger felt as she began to respond to his double
ministrations.  His finger inserted and curled up into her lightly stroking her
G spot was stimulating her wet vagina, was getting to her. She didn't want it to
feel the least bit good; she just wanted him to go away. She shook her head
again, hoping she really was dreaming.

What a tasty little cunt, sweet, hot, so damn fragrant. He took big whiffs of
the struggling woman's hot wet cunt as he lapped up her juices and started
finger fucking her. He laughed to himself when she started struggling and
kicking much harder when he found her G-spot and started rubbing it.

Claire froze momentarily then tried to fight the masked assailant off again. He
quit licking her and was crawling up between her wide spread legs. She felt his
hard penis bump up against her right thigh, then drag through her pubic hair.
The head of his cock lightly grazed her wet labia and slid up to wetly slap onto
her stomach. He slid back and started stabbing at her, trying to force entry,
trying to rape her!  She had occasional fantasies about rape, especially when
she was an inexperienced teen, but now that it was happening to her she was so
afraid, so frightened she felt like there was a tight steel band around her
chest stopping her from breathing.

"IEEEEE," her muffled scream tore past the panties. "GAHHH," she screamed again
as she shook her head back and forth and bucked her hips trying to dislodge him.
It hurt so badly, it was such a fierce pain. His cock tore into her not even
slowing down as he drove it clear up to her cervix and shoved her whole body
back so violently that her head thumped into the headboard. His cock was much
bigger than her husbands, it was much bigger than any of the half dozen men she
had slept with since she lost her virginity to a high school boyfriend at age
17.

"What A tight little cunt, bitch," he chuckled down at her. He gave an extra
hard thrust and watched tears begin to flow down her cheeks as he began ramming
into her even harder, savagely thrusting into her as hard as he possibly could.
He knew he wouldn't last very long. After a couple minutes of savagely raping
the beautiful blonde he reached down and grabbed the panties sticking out of her
lips. He quickly jerked the damp undies out and fell full length on the crying
woman, sought out her lips and begin to thrust his tongue into her mouth each
time he drove his hard pulsing cock into the terrified woman's pussy. He crawled
up a little higher on her and began to rub the top of his cock into the top of
her pink and blonde slit. Her knees jerked up involuntarily, she quivered and
shook her head no, her pushed the base of his cock into her clit with more
pressure and was rewarded with her hips suddenly coming up to meet his thrusting
loins.

Claire lay helpless as she was savagely raped. Only minutes before she had seen
her husband off to the airport. Returning to her bedroom, she had applied makeup
and prepared to get dressed and wake up her daughter.

 As the rapist grunted and thrust into her burning vagina she lay terrified
remembering she had been waving at her husband as he drove off. She had been
standing just outside the garage so he had not used the garage door remote.
Thinking of getting  her morning started, she had carelessly left the door open.

"SSSSS, OHHHH, YEAH, you hot little fuck you, damn, what a ball drainer you
are," he hissed into Claire's ear as his cock began pumping spurt after spurt of
hot wet sperm into the crying woman's sore vagina. He began to grind the base of
his cock into her clit as he rammed deep into her womb spurting gobs of hot
cream. She didn't know which did it, probably not the hot spurting, but he had
made her hot when he licked her vagina, had stimulated her G spot and kept
grinding into her clit until she was on the verge of a climax. Desperately, she
tried to think of anything but how good his tongue had felt, how her G spot was
so stimulated and sensitive, how good it felt when he thrust deeply into her,
far deeper than her husband ever had, how good it felt when he shoved deeply
into her aching vagina and starting spurting his hot cream lode into her
twitching, spasming vagina! As her climax approached, she tried to ignore it,
think of other things, ignoring how good he was at fucking her; suddenly he
stuck a  long blunt unlubricated finger knuckle deep into her ass! It sent her
off like a bottle rocket!

"AHHHH, OHHH, it hurts," Claire moaned as he slowly pulled his softening cock
out of her burning vagina. She felt the hot runny sperm flood out of her and
flow down across her thighs. At least she was on birth control, she wouldn't get
pregnant, but what about disease? Suddenly, horrified, she remembered the talk
she had with her 16year old daughter last week about birth control and
protecting one's self from venereal disease.
Priscilla wasn't sexually active yet, but she was extremely beautiful, and
extremely well built for her age. It would not be long before she would want to
try sex.

 PRISCILLA! Where was her daughter? Did this bastard have her? Turning her head
slightly she could see the alarm clock, it was time for Priss to get up and get
ready for school. She had to get this bastard out of here...and fast. If he got
his hands on her baby, she knew she would die trying to stop him from defiling
Priscilla.

"Get up, stand up and get that nightie off cunt," he said quietly. Claire jumped
out of bed and pulled the gown off. Standing, trembling, stark naked in front of
the masked assailant she quietly pled with him to leave. "Please, you got what
you wanted, now get out. I won't tell anyone, I don't want anyone to know about
this, please, just get out," Claire begged.

"Damn I love it when you cunt beg," he told her. "Begging makes my cock hard,
get down on those knees and get me off with that pretty little mouth cunt," he
ordered her. "No, please," SLAP "suck my cock you stupid cunt, get me off and
you better suck me like your life depends on it." Reaching out to her shoulders
her pushed down forcing her to her knees. "I'm not going to tell you again or
warn you either, you suck me like you never sucked a cock before or I start
beating your ass until you do, now suck dammit," he growled into her ear.

With his hand in her hair, Claire leaned forward and sucked the head of the big
cock into her mouth. He was big, much bigger than her husband. She had to
stretch her lips wide to get him in. Not wanting to think about what she had to
do, Claire began to lick and suck on the big shiny red cock head. Gradually she
worked the head further and further into her mouth until she started to gag.
Sucking hard, licking, pulling back, plunging forward, she tried as hard as she
could to make him cum in her mouth. She hated the taste of sperm, would hardly
ever let her husband shoot into her mouth and she would not swallow! Now she was
desperate, she wanted nothing more than to have him get off in her mouth. She
would gladly swallow his sperm if he would just get out of the house before
Priscilla woke up. She was running out of time.

She was scared, scared enough to do exactly what I told her to do. She sucked my
dick right into her mouth and started giving the best head I ever got. Scaring
them like that always made them suck like they never had before in their life.
"Damn baby, get after that, yes, go for it, suck it you little cocksucker, yeah,
get it deeper, yes, yes, all right, get ready baby, your going to get a mouth
full, ahhhhhhh." Claire braced herself for the hot sticky blast she knew was
going to flood her mouth. She hated the bitter salty taste and the sticky
texture but she was going to suck every drop out of him and make him happy.
"Cough, cough, Claire coughed softly as she finished sucking the last spurt out
of him and swallowing it down. Slowly, she pulled back and let the big half hard
cock pop out of her pursed lips.

"OK, you fucked me and now I sucked you off, please just leave, let me alone,
please," Claire begged. "Sure, no problem, you did good baby." I reached down
and pulled her up to her feet, pulled her to me and grabbed her right tit. It
was damn nice, a nice firm 36. I massaged it, plucked at the nipple and stared
into her eyes. She was scared, more scared than she had been when I fucked her
earlier, it was easy to see. But, what the hell, hubby said he wouldn't be back
till midnight. "Turn around cunt, make a little circle for me, come on spin
around and show me that ass." Slowly, Claire spun around in a circle, he ordered
her to do it again then stopped her as she faced away from him on the second
time around.

"Fuck, you got a nice ass lady, a real nice ass. How old are you?" Claire
stuttered, "I,I,I'm 35."  P,p,please get out, just leave me alone."

"Uhh uhh lady, that little ass you yours just looks to damn nice. I think I just
might want to sample some of that."

Before she could move I clamped a hand over her mouth and shoved her forward.
When her knees hit the bed I pushed her face down on the bed. Those nice little
globes were sticking right up in the air. Damn she had a fine little ass. "Now
this is going to hurt a little bit, no getting around that honey, just reach
back and spread those little cheeks. I'm going to fuck your little shitter. "NO,
please, no, please, I'm begging you, don't do that, my husband tried, I can't,
please, UGHHH." I pushed her face into the blankets and shoved my cock up
against the crack of her ass. "Spread em and help me get it in or I'm going to
plow it open cunt,"

With shaking hands Claire reached back and spread her cheeks. Crying, she braced
for what she knew was going to be one of the most painful ordeals of her life.
Holding her breath she reached back with her right hand and guided him to her
tightly puckered back entrance. She had to do it, he couldn't possibly cum more
than three times, if she could get through this last rape, if she could just get
him up inside of her and make him cum, he would leave and she would be
traumatized, but alive, and Priscilla would be safe!

"Ummmm, gaaah, oh, oh, oh, pleeeease, easy, easy, not so hard, please, I'm
trying, OHHHH, ahhh, ouch," Claire moaned and begged as quietly as possible. It
had been hard not to scream when his cock popped past her sphincter. She had
begged him to hold on, to wait, whispered to him that she would cooperate, that
she would make it good for him and  then she slowly, painfully, so very
painfully, shoved back until he was firmly lodged into her rectum.

 This little bitch is really a hot little fuck, what a nice little shitter. It
was obvious to him from what she had said that somebody had gotten a cock up her
ass and she had made him pull it out. A real man would have broke her in, I'm
going to take care of that right now. "Come on baby, start fucking me with your
tight little ass," I ordered her

Claire wanted to scream it hurt so badly. She bit the pillow as hard as she
could, pushed her face down deeply into it in case she screamed...and pulled
forward until she felt her sphincter start to expand around the big red knob on
the end of his cock...then shoved her ass back on to the monstrous tube of flesh
and let it slowly sink in to her until his curly pubic hairs tickled her ass. He
shoved a little harder and she felt his nut sack swing forward and bump into her
vaginal lips. Gritting her teeth, Claire clamped down on his throbbing cock and
pulled forward. She wanted to milk him dry, hurry him up, get him out of the
house as fast as she could.  She held her breath and shoved back against him
again. Once more the big hot tube of man flesh sank into her rectum. She felt
her sphincter clutching, grasping his cock as he plowed into her rectum with
even more force than the last stroke. Again and again she pushed back and
clamped down on his rampaging cock. He met her thrust for thrust, felt her
loosen up, felt her speed up, felt her push back harder. Clair could not see it,
but as he grasped her tightly around her perfect hips, he smiled and looked down
to watch her tightly stretched ass ring as he packed her back passage as deeply
and with as much force as he could muster without hurting his cock!

.

Yeah, that's it honey, move that little ass, squeeze my cock, come on milk it
with your ass, yeah baby, yes, hot, tight, yeah, deeper, yes," she heard him
moan as he began to run his hard cock deeper into her ass. At least he wasn't
stabbing into her like he had her vagina. She bit her lip and tried to stay
loose, it hurt, hurt badly, but she knew now that she could take it. The pain
was less now than when he had forced himself into her back there, but it still
hurt like hell.

Suddenly he shoved deep and pulled back on her hips. She stifled a scream with
her hands. Hot gobs of semen squirted into her bowels. Again she almost
screamed. The salt in the sticky liquid stung her torn and bleeding rectum. Then
the worst thing in world happened. He reached around and began to clutch a
breast in a powerful hand as his other hand grabbed her vagina. She felt him
lightly strum up and down her wet, grossly displayed vaginal lips. His gentle
treatment of her clit, the milking of her breast, the probing, cum spurting cock
deep in her bowels was too much for her. She rammed her face into the pillow,
loosed her ass and began to pump his spurting cock with all the fored she could
as the biggest climax she ever had washed through her body and soul!

Claire lay her head on the bed and sobbed as the rapist slowly pulled out of her
torn ass.

Claire lay dazed, curled up on the bed. He had tied her hands behind her back
with panty hose and stuffed the panties back into her mouth again. She could see
him in the bathroom as he stood at the sink and washed his cock clean. After he
walked out and got dressed he wiped the bedroom furniture and then the bathroom
down. He didn't want to leave any fingerprints.  He made he walk to the bathroom
and forced her douche bag into her vagina, washed her with several bags full of
warm water. He squirted the bag's contents deeply into her, watched fascinated
as water and ropy strings of semen poured out of her sore pussy. She stared
straight ahead, gritting her teeth, concentrating on keeping her ass loose as he
gave it the same treatment with the douche bag. She knew he wanted to leave no
evidence behind. It didn't matter. How could she ever call the police and tell
them she had been raped in the ass, that she had climaxed, how could she tell
them that he had licked and sucked her pussy and fucked her until she writhed
and moaned under him, cumming, cumming like her husband never could make her do.
She knew if they questioned her, someone would see, some woman police officer,
the doctor, someone would look at her and know. No, she would never tell, this
would go to her grave with her!

"Well baby, thanks for the nice fucks. I really like that tight little ass of
yours. I sure wish I had time to burn, I'd like some more of that fine little
blonde pussy too. Claire cringed on the bed as he fondled her tits and forced a
finger into her. He turned towards the door to her husband's room. Finally, he
was leaving. He raised his arm in a farewell salute and turned to leave.... That
was the moment Priscilla turned on the shower in her bedroom. Claire recoiled in
fear as she saw him freeze, she watched with her breath held as he listened
intently, watched with a mother's fear as she watched his eyes flit over the
family photo on her dresser. Fear washed over her so strongly she went dizzy,
almost fainted as she watched him smile and walk over to Priscilla's brand new
senior picture...and smile.

To be continued




Drive By   Part 2

Trapper


Clair's Story:

Clair lay bound, helpless, her eyes locked on the cruel calculating face of the
man who had just raped in her. He stood, frozen, listening, thinking, as he
looked at the picture of her beautiful 16 year-old daughter, Priscilla.

Clair had started her morning by being stupid! Her husband was leaving for an
overnight business trip early in the morning. As he backed his car out of the
garage, she spotted his briefcase by the door. Grabbing the case and running out
the garage, she caught  him and delivered the case. As she turned to run back to
the house, her light wispy housecoat had parted and shown her long perfect legs
and a quick view of her tiny white silk panties. She had slapped it closed and
run back inside. Her husband, in a hurry to get to the airport, had already
driven off. Both of them thought the other would shut the garage door. Neither
had. Claire's brief exposure, and her husband's departure; had been observed by
a slave trader who specialized in young North American women. The open garage
door had led to her being raped.  He had fucked her in the ass, not just fucked
her there, but made her use her ass to get him off. Stunned by the climax that
resulted from being taken in the ass the first time, Claire watched him clean up
and get ready to leave.

That's when it happened; her daughter woke up and started getting ready for
school. He heard the shower start down the hall, he watched the fear in Claire's
eyes, saw them dart to the photo of Priscilla.


Claire felt faint as he walked over to her. She heard his pants unzip, heard
them drop to the floor. It was impossible, but he had another raging erection.
The man must be part stallion or bull. The heat from his cock touched her still
damp and slightly spread vaginal lips. "Ugh, ohhh," she moaned as he rubbed
himself up and down her wet slit. He parted her ass cheeks with his left hand
and using his right, guided the large red knob up to her abused sphincter.
"OHHHHH," she screamed into the gag when he rammed it to her. She felt herself
pop open and then his rampaging cock shot deep into her bowels. He began to
brutally fuck her ass. She felt one of his arms around her hips as he leaned
forward and began to piston into her sore rectum. Looking back at him, she was
shocked to see him holding up Priscilla's photo as he plunged in and out of her
ass. Claire lay her head on the pillow and began to fuck back at him. She
wiggled her ass, swung it from side to side, clamped down on his rampaging rod,
milked it with her sore ass. A fiery burning feeling told her he was cumming.
The salty goo burned as it flooded up into her bowels. The photo landed on the
pillow next to Claire's head. He grabbed her hips with both hands and plunged
into her burning bowels with three deep slamming strokes. She felt just one more
spurt. "GAHHHHH," she screamed into the panties as he pulled out of her fast and
rough. It felt like he pulled her ass inside out. She watched, dizzy with the
pain as he walked back into her bathroom to clean his cock in the sink again.
"Please, please, let him be sated, let him leave, please, don't let him get to
Priscilla," she moaned into the slick white gag.


Priscilla's Story

Priscilla stepped out of the shower and glanced at the mirror. She was just over
5-8, her chest was 36D. The height and the big tits over a 24-inch waist and
34-inch hips made her body one in a thousand. The natural long blonde hair
cascaded in a mass of curls clear to her round firm ass. Her complexion was
peaches and cream. She was the stuff wet dreams are made of. Giggling, she spun
around slowly and checked her ass out in the mirror. Still giggly, she bent over
at the waist and looked back. She could just see her pussy peeking out at her.
"Good, no hair showing," she said to herself. This afternoon was a pep rally at
school. She didn't want to do a routine and feel stray hair tickling her thighs
as she jumped and kicked. When she was going to cheer at a game or pep rally,
she always trimmed the longer hairs off her outer lips with a pair of scissors
and shaved around the bottom of her mound. Lately she had been shaving her muff
too. Giggling once again, Priss turned and looked in the mirror. A narrow band
of natural blonde hair was all that was left above her slit." It almost looked
like an arrow pointing to her treasure chest," she thought to herself

Priss was no prude, but she was not going to give her goodies away for naught.
Her folks were rich and she was use to the good life. When she gave up her
virginity, there was going to be a big price tag attached. She wanted to be an
attorney, first law school, then an established law firm in a big city on the
west coast. After that, with her looks and brains it was going to be a
partnership and maybe marry into top management. She had it all planned out. Her
and her buddy Shannon. Shannon too was a 4.0 student, and also a cheerleader. In
fact she was almost a mirror image of Priscilla. She was tall, very well built
and had dark curly hair that hung to her ass. Shannon's daddy was a very rich
lawyer too and Priscilla and her had planned from grade school to follow in
their daddy's footsteps. When they began to develop at about age 12 and noticed
that the boys paid way more attention to them then the other girls, they figured
out that they not only had background and brains, they had killer looks that
would anesthetize the guys minds, make them start thinking with their dicks. Her
own mother told her that if you could make a guy think with his privates, he was
putty in your hands. Since Shannon and her had made the cheer squad they had
ample opportunity to practice turning male brains to putty. Shannon had slipped
and let a guy, as she put it, "have" her. She drank a little alcohol at a party
and when petting in the back seat of a car had gotten carried away. Priss and
her had talked about it, they had no secrets from each other. Both were
determined that neither of them would get into that situation again. Both of
them had nervously counted the days until Shannon had started her period. When
she started bleeding they cried and hugged and vowed to stay chaste until they
got what their womanhood was worth!

Priss nervously looked down and checked her watch. It was almost 8 a.m. They
didn't have to be to school until 9:30 today, but Shannon was going to come by
and pick her up early today. They liked to cruise by the school in Shannon's
convertible and give the guys a look over. They would go to a nearby restaurant
that the high school students hang out at for breakfast today. The football team
would be there and the rest of the cheer squad. It was fun to watch the guys
approach and trip over their tongues. Both the girls liked to move around the
room quickly making their short cheer skirts flare. A quick glimpse of panty had
made many a nerd crash into someone. It was fun teasing the "boys" at the
school. Neither girl dated much. The "boys" were just to young and immature and
the college guys were expecting them to spread for them just because they were
so much "older and wiser!" The girls got a laugh at that too. They went out with
their friends, girls and boys and never lacked for opportunities to dance when
the school had a function. Besides, the 4.0 gpa took a lot of study. They were
determined to have the grades to go with their looks and money to have the best
that life could offer.

Priss grabbed a pair of red silk panties. They were the flashy "show" panties
all the cheer squad wore under the bright blue skirts. "Nothing like a little
flashing, huh?" she said to herself as she pulled the slick material up her long
perfect legs.

"Fucking A sweetheart, those are nice on that perfect little ass," she heard a
deep male voice say. "Whaaat," Priss screamed as she whirled around. "Who are
you? Get out of my bedroom. Are you here to fix something?" she demanded. "Shut
the fuck up cunt, I'll give any orders around here," the hulking brute told her.
"Get out, get out, get out now, MOTHEEEEER, HELP, GET THIS MAN OUT OF HERE!" she
screamed at the top of her lungs. Priss crossed her arms over her bare breasts
and turned to reach for her bathrobe.

"What, NO, STOP," Priss cried out. He had shoved her when she turned and she now
lay face down on the bed. Struggling to rise, she felt him shove her down with a
hand to her upper back. She started to turn when the world exploded. It took her
a few moments to realize the loud noise and all the stars and confusion were
from a vicious slap to her face. No one had ever struck her in her life! Shaking
her head, she lay still and turned her head just enough to see him.
"Wha-wha-what do you want?" she stuttered. For the first time in her 17 years,
Priss was not in control!

"You ever spread those legs for a guy?" he asked. "N-N-No," she shouted at him.
"You saying you still have a cherry, you're a virgin?" he asked. "Y-Y-Y-yessss,"
she shouted at him as she edged near hysteria. "Chill out sweetie, quit the
shouting and calm down, do it RIGHT NOW," he growled at her. "FUCK YOU ASSHOLE,
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE RIGHT NOW. MY MOTHER IS HOME, SHE'S CALLING THE COPS
RIGHT NOW!" Priss screamed at the intruder. "You know, I'm tempted to fuck you
or beat the snot out of you with a belt, but you're to valuable to me just like
you are. Shut the fuck up right now and save yourself or your mother some pain,"
he said quietly through clenched teeth. Priss stared at him, looked at the door,
knew she couldn't bounce up and make it." "Roll over," her ordered as her
grabbed her legs. "Let go asshole," she yelled at him. Suddenly he grabbed her
long blonde hair and gave it a vicious jerk. She followed as he pulled, and
ended up on her back with him standing between her slightly spread legs. He
looked down at her and said, "One more fuck up and I'm going to hurt your
mother!" 

Suddenly he had a knife in his hand. A long thin blade with a needle-point made
an oily "schnick" sound as it materialized out of the thin black handle. Priss
was just standing up, he still had one hand loosely in her hair, she froze as
she stared, mesmerized by the dangerous weapon. "That's a good girl, now do as I
say. I'm not here to fuck you, I already had all the pussy I want from your
mother," he told her. Priss stood staring at the knife, hearing him say through
the thick layer of shock that he had raped her mother. "What did he want, who
was he, how, why?" thoughts whirled crazily through her head. She stood, frozen,
shocked, defenseless, unable to even move.

"Good girl, now we understand each other. I'm not here to fuck you, not unless
you don't have a cherry. If that's the case, your gonna give me some pussy and
you are going to be real nice and real cooperative about it!" he declared. Priss
stared at him, unable to move or speak. Suddenly he shoved her onto her bed, she
hit on her back, bounced and lay still.

"Now, pull you knees up, put your heels on the edge of the bed and pull your
panties to your knees," her ordered. Priss raised her knees, slowly reached down
and slid the panties down as instructed. Terrified, she watched as he reached
down and pulled the bright crimson panties off her bare legs. "Now, raise your
legs up in the air and spread em wide!" "Come on, up and spread," he barked. Her
legs jerked up and flew apart. Looking down over her exposed breasts and her
flat bare midriff, she could see her freshly trimmed mound. "He is going to rape
me after all," she thought to herself. If you don't want to loose that cherry
you claim to have, you won't move a muscle," he told her. Priss watched, unable
to move, to speak, still in shock, as he reached into his jacket pocket and
pulled out a small flashlight and a multi purpose tool. He slid the tool out of
it's leather sheath and unfolded it. Unfolding made it a long set of needle nose
pliers. Her dad had one he used for fishing.  "OK, grab hold behind your knees
and pull your legs back," he ordered as her pulled a pillow from the top of the
bed and stuffed it under her head. He grabbed another pillow and shoved it under
her ass as he lifted her legs up. Priss found herself looking down at her vagina
while she held her legs pulled tightly back. Her back ached and her legs hurt.
She was afraid to disobey, she knew he would hurt her and hurt her badly.

Priss grunted as he spread her lips with his left thumb and forefinger and put
the needle nose pliers up to her cunt. "Don't fucking move or I'll fuck you up
bad with these," he ordered. She lay there looking up at him, frozen with fear.
He pushed the slick broad tips into her cunt about an inch and pulled the
handles apart slightly. It opened her hole up about an inch. She heard the
sudden intake of her own breath as she realized he was giving her an impromptu
GYN exam. "Wh-wh-what are you doing, why?" she stuttered at me. "Checking to see
if you have a hymen, now shut up," he told her. He cranked the handles open a
little more. The pliers opened another inch. "OUCH, OHH, STOP, PLEASE, IT
HURTS," she begged him. He turned on the little light and put it right up to her
hole. Now he could peek inside, see right up into her vagina, she realized.  She
didn't lie; she had a hymen.

Priss shuddered as he tightened the nylon stocking and tied a knot in it. He had
forced her to open up her mouth and shoved her panties deeply in. She almost
gagged as she felt the slick material hit the back of her throat.


His Story:

I pulled clothes out of her closets and drawers. This little cunt definitely had
mommy and daddy buying her whatever she wanted. There must be 50 K in clothes in
just the closets. I found four suitcases under the bed and packed her nicest
skirts, dresses, blouses and her sexiest panties and bras. I grabbed the
cheerleader outfit and folded it carefully; it was packed too. I still had two
bags left for mom! I pulled out a summer skirt and blouse for her, grabbed a
pair of sandals and then looked at the shoes. Shit, must be a hundred pair
there. I grabbed a dozen pair of heels in different colors and a dozen flats and
sandals. She might bring a little more outfitted to the max like this. I dragged
her into the bathroom and started checking there. She had a cosmetics bag
stuffed full. "This the stuff you take traveling and to games?" I asked her. She
nodded her head. I grabbed it and looked around some more. There was a pair of
the sexiest blue panties I ever saw laying on the hamper. They were kind of
translucent blue with iridescent colors running through them. I held them up to
my nose, "sweet, sweet, sweet," I sighed. She stood staring, turning bright red.
As she stared, I held them up and stuck my tongue out; slowly, I turned them
inside out and licked the crotch a couple times. She ducked her head and stood
there, heat waves radiating off her face and shoulders.

I opened her door and grabbed the two packed bags; looked at her and said, "come
on sweetheart," she stumbled out the door with me right behind her. "Go to
mama's room baby," I told her. The door was part way open. She got half way in
and stopped. I shoved her ahead and dropped the bags. Mom was still tied good
and tight. She was on the floor, the phone was beside her, the receiver on the
floor. She was trying to dial with her nose. "Nice try mom," I told her, "but
it's unplugged," I said as I held the other end o the line up for her to see.
Mom looked back and freaked. Her baby was standing there stark naked, red
panties showing out of her lips, nylons tying her gag in, her hands behind her
back. She took in the packed bags and went nuts as she thrashed and rolled
around on the carpet. I walked over to her and told her, "you want me to hurt
your daughter?" She fell back to the floor and started bawling like a baby. I
could feel my dick getting hard as I watched her tears flow.

"Ding dong ding dong dong dong dong," shit, the fucking door bell started going
off. It sounded like Winchester Cathedral. "What the fuck," I said. I saw the
two of them look at each other with hope in their eyes. Fuck, if it was the cops
and the place wasn't surrounded, I might have a chance to get out the back.
"Don't panic now," I told myself. This is an impromptu snatch, "always expect
the unexpected." That was a rule I learned in the jungles of Nam, things weren't
any different here and now.

The door bells started chiming again. I was checking out a side window. Nothing
showing. I grabbed mom and jerked her up to her feet. "Either of you cunt make
one tiny sound, I mean if I hear you fart, I will cut you up into cat food and
the same with whoever is at the door, got it?" Their eyes were wide, they both
shook like fall leaves. I got both of them by the arms and pushed them in a
closet and closed the door. A chair fit under the doorknob and held it locked
shut.

I slowly walked down the stairs looking for anyone who had come into the place.
DONG, DONG, DONG, shit the fucking door chimes went off again, right over my
head. I about jumped out of my pants. This shit was getting spooky. I sidled
towards the kitchen, peak through the window. No cops, a fire red sports car
with the top down is parked across the street; I don't remember it being there.
Click, click, click, heels on concrete; I recognize the sound immediately.
Someone, a woman is coming through the open garage door. I should have closed it
but was afraid it would have been heard by blondie.  I step behind the door that
leads to the garage and hold my breath. The click, click of the heels on
concrete gets louder. The door slowly opens, "Priss, Priss, PRISS, WHERE ARE
YOU, GET UP, WERE GOING TO BE LATE!"  It sounds like a high school girl's voice.
Shit, a friend waiting to go to school with her. I wait quietly hoping she will
back up, shut the door and go to school. The door opens a little more and I see
a nice looking leg appear. Then the hem of a short blue skirt appears; another
cheerleader. She steps into the kitchen and I slap a hand over her mouth and
kick the door shut with a heel.


Shannon's Story:

Shannon could not figure out why Priss wasn't ready. They were going to go eat
at the cafe the team ate at and check out one of the new transfers. A real stud
had transferred from Seattle. Every unattached and several attached chicks in
the school were drooling over him. They had plans to watch the interpersonal
communication the other girls were going to be sending his way. Shannon told
Priss she might just snag him for herself. Priss had warned her that she got
away with giving "it" to one guy, another might just knock her up or make her a
reputation. Still they agreed to get there early and watch things develop. Their
little school was so boring!

No one was answering and the garage door was open. Shannon could see that
Priss's dad's car was gone. They could be showering, maybe her mother took her
dad to the airport and Priss was in the shower. She gave up on the doorbell and
went through the garage. Both Priss and her mother's cars were parked there.
"That must be it, Priss is in the shower and her mother is at the airport.! She
opened the door and listened for the shower. Nothing! She yelled for Priss;
nothing. She yelled again; nothing. "Shit," she said to herself, she must have
her blow dryer going.

As she stepped through the door a hand clapped over her mouth and nose. Her air
was cut off just as she started to take a deep breath and call out again. She
heard the door slam shut behind her. A thought flashed through her mind, "Priss
is pulling a sick joke, this isn't like her!" As she struggled to get the arm
pinning hers to her side off and twisted her head to get her nose free to
breath; she heard a gruff male voice. "Quit fighting or I will put a knife right
through your back!"  She froze, the hand over her mouth moved, she tried to
breath and started hyperventilating! As she struggled to breath she was pulled
back and heard the outside door open. She could see a hand out of the corner of
her eye. She heard the garage door closing and realized that whoever had her in
his grasp had fumbled for the door button and found it. She was trapped!

 "Get upstairs honey, go join Priss and her mommy," she heard him say.
She started to turn to check the front door to see if it was locked. As her eyes
swept to the right she saw a long thin very sharp pointed knife come into view.
She stumbled, fell to the stairs and felt him put his hand on her ass and shove.
She tripped and stumbled all the way up the stairs as he pushed, kept her off
balance and herded her into the master bedroom.


A Bonus Prize For Him:

"OK honey, lets get a look at you," I said. Stepping back I looked her up and
down. She was still frozen with shock.

I was right, up close they were the same height, build, length and shape of
hair, even the face had similar characteristics. "I said lets have a look at you
honey," I repeated. "Wh-wh-what do you mean?" she stuttered and stammered. "How
about you get those clothes off and lets get a look at your goodies, baby?" 
"NO," she shouted and made a break for the door. I tripped her, watched her go
face first into the carpet. A heavy kick to her right tit as she raised up
brought a short sharp scream from her pretty mouth and she fell down again. I
shoved her with my foot and got her on he back.  "Where's my friend, where's
Claire?" she gasped. "Don't worry about them honey, just you cooperate and you
won't get hurt," I told her. "How do I know you didn't kill them, how do I know
you won't kill me if I cooperate?" she gasped. I walked over to the hall door
and locked it, drug a heavy chest in front of it to slow an escape down. I
walked to the chair jamming the closed shut and kicked it out of the way. When I
swung the door open, Clair and Priss stood there, both of them stark naked,
bound and gagged.

 "Sit on the edge of the bed ladies," I ordered. "Not you honey, you need to get
naked first," I told Shannon. She was put through the same humiliating vaginal
exam Priss was subjected to even though she told him that she was not a virgin,
that she had sex with a boy one time. Priss saw her look sideways at her mother,
embarrassment at her confession spread over her face in a red wave.  "Quit it, I
told you I wasn't a virgin, please leave me alone you animal!" She yelled at me.
I didn't say a word. I got two chairs and placed them about 4 feet from Clair's
big bed. "Sit down Claire, you too Priss," I ordered. They were bound to the
chairs with some of Claire's scarves. "Now, get down on your knees Miss mouth.
You like to use that mouth, even when I tell you to shut it, I got something you
can do that will put it to good use. I looked to Claire and Priss. They had
tears pouring out of their eyes, the wet trails flowed downward to make big wet
spots on the nylons holding their panty gags in place.

She was scared, but not humiliated enough to get under control. If I didn't get
her that way, there was no way I could get all three of them to obey. They
needed and example to get them under control and keep them that way. Shannon
wasn't a virgin, she would make a good example!

I held the knife in my left hand, a broad heavy leather belt from Claire's
closet in the right. I walked up to her. She was belligerent, ready to fight,
figured she could argue with me. I didn't say a word. I brought the belt across
her tits in one quick heavy blow. She was expecting to have to give head, and
she was going to fight before she sucked a cock in front of her friend an her
friend's mother, you could see it in her face. She didn't expect the belt.
"Whap," it made an almost wet sound as it caught both her fine little 36's flat
across the nipples. She screamed as she dove for the floor to protect the
precious and tender globes. The next one caught her across the ass. It put her
up on her hands and knees crawling away in agony. The third I got most of the
way up between her legs. Now she had a bright red welt across her tits and on
her full round little ass. Her thighs glowed bright red from the third blow.
"P-p-p-please, n-n-n-no more, PLEASE," she begged and pleaded. "Get up cunt,
stand up NOW," I barked at her. She flew to her feet and stood shaking as she
ducked her head and half turned from me. "Bend over and touch you toes, spread
you legs for me, bitch," I ordered her. Reluctantly she did as ordered. She
shook so hard she had a hard time bending and keeping her legs spread. "You been
making bad choice the last few minutes sweetheart, now you have another one to
make. Better listen close and make a good one. Either way it won't bother me.
Here's choice number one. You stretch out on the bed belly down and take twenty
lashes from your calves up to your thighs to your ass and back. Then you turn
over and take five more on your tits. "P-p-p-please," she started to beg.
"SHUTUP," I barked at her. "Or choice number two, you stay bent over with you
legs spread, you watch back up behind your legs as I swing the belt up and give
you one hit with the leather across that plump little cunt of yours! Don't beg
or plead, just tell me one or twenty five, your choice. Oh, yeah, I forgot, if
you choose one, you have to suck my cock and then let Claire eat your cunt until
you're wet enough to fuck.

She really had no choice though. The house was far removed from the street, no
neighbors could hear through the thick walls and woods surrounding the place.
Training was started, she was naked, being given a choice of being utterly
depraved or being beat in a way that would surely be the most painful ordeal of
her life. "O-o-one," I heard myself stutter. "Watch back behind you," I knew she
could see the belt hanging straight down by my legs. Suddenly it swung back away
from her in an arc big enough to take it out of sight. I saw her flinch. She
fell to the floor screaming, holding her cunt cupped in both hands as the big
leather belt mad a wet "Crrrack" right over her puffy little cunt mound.



All three of them were thoroughly cowed. I was close to being able to transport
them without a major problem. Not quite though. The blonde kid had a look that
said," I'll fix you, her mother was completely broken and the new girl was
jumping when I told her to.

I kicked off the pants and shirt. I have a damn good build from all the years of
jungle warfare and the workouts that are part of my daily routine. Grabbing
Shannon by the hair, I jerked her to her knees. "Who's the boss, honey? I asked
her, Who's your daddy, sugar? "You-you-you are," she sobbed. "Look at me baby,"
I told her softly. Hesitantly, she looked up at me. I was sitting on the bed,
stark naked, a big hard on with shiny purple helmet atop it. It throbbed with
need. Just looking at my three newly acquired beauties made me want to cum.
These three were definitely the best I had ever gathered up. With what I could
get out of them, I figured 500k+ for the virgin, 400K+ for Shannon and a 100K,
maybe 150K for Claire. I would boost the savings from 4.5 million to 5.5
million, maybe 5.75. My goal was twenty-five years of gathering; or 5 million,
which ever came first. I still had a year to go, but this put me over the top.
Retirement was just around the corner!

"Come here sugar," I told her. "Come to daddy," I called softly. "I don't want
to hurt you honey, I want you to be a good girl and make my happy that you're
mine," I told her. Slowly, shakily, she crawled on her knees to put her head in
my lap.  "Does your pussy hurt honey?" I asked her. "Rub it sugar, be gentle,
cup your little mound and rub it until it feels better I told her. I drug the
belt up her bare back and across her shoulder blades as I talked to her. Her
hand moved quickly to her cunt. I could see the arm moving as she caressed
herself.  I pushed her back and watched. She had thick brown curls on her cunt.
Carefully, gently, she was massaging the bruised flesh. "Here baby, turn here,"
I told her. "You ever suck a man's cock?"  She shook her head. "I only had sex
once with a boy, it hurt and scared me. I never even touched one, one of those
before that," she confessed.

She was mine. I looked up at Claire. Hatred was written on her face. I stared at
Priss and asked Claire if she had something to say. She saw me looking at her
daughter. NO, NO, I won't cause you any trouble," she yelped. "Good girl,
Claire. I think I will let you help us out here," I told her. I got up and
scooted Claire, chair and all right over next to the bed. "Claire, why don't'
you show your daughter's little friend, I put the emphases on daughter, how to
suck a cock?" I asked her. Claire caught the meaning instantly. She put her
mouth down over my cock and started bobbing up and down. The heat and suction
was incredible. I hated to stop her. "No Claire, demonstrate for her, show her,
tell her, teach her how to suck a cock. Show her how to suck a load of cum right
out of my balls. Show her how to use her mouth just like it was her pussy,
Claire."

She got the picture when she saw me looking at her daughter. "Make your lips
into a tight little ring Shannon. Stick you tongue out and lick the head of his
cock and behind the little ridge there on the back of the head. Suck it into
your mouth, don't scrape it with your teeth. Men are really sensitive there and
they get furious if you scrape them with your teeth. Then pretend you are
milking his penis, squeeze down with the ring your lips make and pull up to the
head. Lick it and then lick all the way down. Use your hands to caress and
squeeze his balls. When he gets ready to come, you will feel his cock throb. He
will thrust deeper. Try to let it down your throat without gagging. When you
feel it throb in your mouth, he will start gushing cum into you. It's kind of
thick and a little bitter and salty. You can swallow it ok. Push the head as
deep as you can and let him pump it down your throat, that way you won't have to
taste it," she told the shaking teen.

"Show her Claire." Reluctantly, Claire opened her mouth, tongued him, started
sucking and began to fuck his cock way back into her mouth in quick deep
thrusts. In the quiet of the room, you could hear her licking, laving, sucking
his throbbing baby maker.

"Your turn, Shannon." Shannon stuck her tongue out and licked it. It wasn't so
bad. She formed an o and sucked it into her sweet young mouth. She was brand new
at this but figured it out quickly. "Suck harder, deeper, lick the head, caress
my balls, squeeze 'em, he encouraged the beautiful teen. Now it was the other's
in the room listening to her choke, suck and lick on the throbbing red cock.
"OK, baby, get ready," I warned her. "UH, uh, uh, uh," I grunted as my balls
fired a huge series of pulses into my tortured cock. "Gack, ack, ugh," Shannon
gagged, shoved her mouth deeper until I fired directly into her throat. I let
her pull back so the drooling head lay on her tongue. When she had sucked the
last of the ooze out of my semi-hard-on, I pulled slowly out of her mouth. "That
stuff tastes terrible," she complained. "You're going to get use to it honey,
believe me. Soon you are going to be looking forward to sucking a cock," I told
her.

"Wider, wider, knees up, that's it," I told Shannon. Get busy Claire. I told her
you would eat her pussy if she chose one; remember? I dragged the belt over
Claire's big melons, let it slide down to her plump round ass and gave her a
little tap with it. Reluctantly, Claire lowered her head to the young teens
crotch. I could see her tongue dart out and begin to dab at Shannon's cunt.

"Oh by the way Claire, if I don't like the way you eat her pussy, Priss gets
four more of these, no warnings will be given.! Claire gasped and turned to
look. She was just in time to see the thick heavy leather belt slap across the
nipples of her daughter's breasts. "WHAP," the thick wet smack made by the
leather as it hit the teen's tender tits was followed by a scream from Claire
and a tortured shriek from behind Priss's gag. ."No, no, no, no, no, please, no
more, no more, I'll do whatever you want, please don't hit her there again,
please, don't, no, never again, please," Claire started to scream at him, she
looked at his face, saw the belt coming up for another blow across her sweet
young teenager's breasts and shut her mouth. Quickly she ducked her face between
Shannon's wide spread thighs and began to lap noisily at the beautiful young
girl's wet cunt. She licked as fast and noisily as she could to show him she was
obeying. Shannon clutched her head and began to hump her hips up against her
face. Shannon could not believe that for the first time in her life she was
going to have a climax caused by something other than her fingers. This was so
depraved, as her best friend's mother licked her quickly to climax, Shannon lay
with wide spread legs, crying!

 I watched, waiting. Soon I heard Shannon, nuh ,oh.oh,oh,ohohohohohohohoAHHHHA
NOOOOO," she yelled out as a climax rushed through her dripping pussy and shook
her bodily. "Keep licking Claire," I ordered as I slipped behind her. Claire
kept sucking, licking, lapping and tonguing the teens clit. I slowly pushed my
throbbing pole up to Claire's,  damp pink gash and pushed the head in. I looked
to the side to make sure Priss could see. I needn't have worried. She couldn't
have taken her eyes off her mother being forced to eat her friend and now she
was staring at my cock lodged in her mother's vaginal opening. I jammed full
length into Claire's tight cunt. I could hear her moaning and crying as I began
to fuck her doggie in a jack-hammer staccato as she slurped the innocent young
teens gushing cunt.  It only took me a minute to pump her cunt full of a hot
steamy creamy load.

I jerked out of her and stepped back. Cum began to run out of her widely splayed
cunt lips and run down her thighs. It was pooled up at the bottom of her lips,
slowly oozing out. I flipped her over, spread her legs, quickly jerking them up
into the air. I shoved a pillow under her ass to keep the load in. "Come her
Shannon, now you get to return the favor," I told the dazed young teen. She was
just coming down from multiple orgasms caused by Claire's frenzied licking. "OH,
Please, NO, not that, I can't" she looked at my face, looked at the broad
leather belt swinging in my hand and dove between Claire's thighs. Everyone in
the room could hear her slurping and licking my hot sticky cum out of her
friend's mother's cunt.

I let her clean up the pooled mess at the entrance of Clair's cunt. "Enough,
enough," I told Shannon and Claire. I pulled Shannon back and tied her to the
doorknob and quickly untied Priss. As she fought, jerked and pulled away, I
brought up the belt and struck her mother across the thighs. When Claire
screamed, Priss dropped her hands to her face. "OK, OK, you sick fuck, what do
you want?" I shoved her to her knees and pushed her face into the gooey sticky
white mess still oozing out from between her mother's thighs. "Clean her up and
do a good job," I ordered. Slowly, jerking and gasping as she sobbed, Priss
lowered her face to her mother's cunt, took a deep breath and began to lick up
my sticky leavings and her mother's pussy juices.

They were sufficiently cowed to make a move. I didn't have my van close so I had
to think the trip through. It was a 1000 miles to the van, then more than 50
miles across the border. The women still had no idea what was up. They pretty
well figured I was going to let someone else fuck them, but they had no idea I
would be taking them south-of-the-border then on to South America. A new life
lay ahead for them.

I packed some of mom's clothes and shoes into the two remaining suitcases. She
had a lot of nice silk undies and nighties and some dynamite skirts, shorts and
shoes. She was the same size as her daughter and Shannon. We had enough outfits
to keep them all clothed for a month, maybe two.  Not that they were going to be
clothed that long anyway.

Clair's big luxury sedan had a huge trunk. I lay a couple of blankets down on
the floor and picked Shannon up. She was bound with panty hose, her hands behind
her back, her ankles tied with more panty hose and her silky red panties back in
her mouth. I kept her naked. Priss gave me one more bad time. She watched as I
tied up her friend and carried her down to the garage. When I came back for her
and started to tie her up for the trip she started struggling. I slapped her
face hard enough to stun her, threw her on the bed and pulled the bright red
panties out of her mouth. She started sobbing, "what did you do to Shannon, did
you kill her, why did you take her downstairs, what did you do?" I still hadn't
gotten full control of the little cunt. She had a strong spirit, best not to
completely cow her, the buyer down south would admire this kind of girl. I knew
most of the big drug lords liked a spirited North Americano girl. "Relax," I
told her, "Shannon is down stairs tied up. She's not going to be killed and your
mom and you won't either, IF YOU OBEY!" I shouted the last three words into her
face from less than a foot.  Her hands were tied behind her back and her ankles
hobbled by panty hose. I gave her a little shove, she fell on her back on her
mother's big bed. Claire was still gagged and tied to a chair.

"You know honey, you have not learned to quit fucking with me and accept things
like they are and they are going to be. You need another little lesson," I told
her as I swung the heavy leather belt in lazy circles over her tear-streaked
face. She tried to shrink right into the bed as the belt grazed her nipples, her
stomach and came to rest on her pink and blonde pussy. "Maybe a little beating
would slow you down, huh?"  "No, NO, please, don't hit me with that again, it
really hurt, it still hurts where you h-h-hit me before," she stuttered. "Where
did I hit you before Priss?" I asked her. "My breasts and m-m-my, down there,"
she stuttered and turned red. "On your tits and where down there?" "On my
v-v-vagina," she stuttered again. "NO, on my pussy, my cunt, my fuck-hole," any
of those will do, now say it!" I ordered. "On my p-p-p-p-ussy," she moaned as
her face, neck and the top of her breasts turned bright red. "Good job Priss,
you're learning fast," I told her as I dropped the belt beside her face and
started caressing her breasts. I played with them for a few moments and untied
her ankle hobbles. "Spread your legs, show me you pussy," I ordered the shaking
cheerleader. Reluctantly she did. I raised her spread legs and shoved them back,
her knees were against her shoulders. Looking down I could see her pink and
blonde gash, the little split was tightly closed up. Below it her virgin crinkly
pink nether hole lay exposed. I stuck a finger into my mouth and got it good and
wet. When I placed the wet finger on the center of her pink little bulls-eye she
started humping and thrashing around trying to dislodge it. I never looked up at
her, I just kept the finger rotating and shoved hard. "NOOOOOOOOO," she
shrieked, "Not that, NOOOO,' she shrieked again as my finger popped through her
never fucked little sphincter. Fuck, she was TIGHT. I started stroking her
little ass finger deep, rotating my finger, loosening her up. "You want to talk
back to me, ask questions, look pouty and try to play mind fuck games with me
you little cunt?" I asked her. "Nooo, no, I won't, please take it out." She
begged. "Sorry sweetheart, but you haven't learned your lesson yet." I told her.
"Who's your daddy sweetheart, who owns you body and soul, who's your master?"
She lay staring at me, refusing to answer, squirming around trying to get my 
finger dislodged. I added another finger. "GAHHHHHH, NOOOOO, STOP!"  I looked
down at her and spread the two fingers, worked them around in her virgin little
shitter. She went nuts, bucking and jerking, she started cussing at me, "you
mother fucker, you cocksucker, you bastard!" I reached down out of her sight and
unzipped my pants, I was hard as a steel rod. "OUCH, you bastard," she cried out
as I jerked my two fingers out of her. I shoved her ass up further and saw the
tiny target was still open from the fingering, although it was beginning to
close up. Before she knew what was happening I had the head of my cock to the
pink ring and shoved as hard as I could, BULLSEYE!

"IEEEEE,mmphhhh, gahh, noooooooo, ooooooooo!" She shrieked loudly, ear piercing
loud, I put a hand over her mouth. The house was secluded but there were people
within a block. She screamed so loud I was afraid a passing motorist would hear
her or maybe somebody in the park down the street. I kept the head of my dick
lodged into her sphincter. "Hey baby, it's not in yet, what you screaming for, I
only got you broke open, I'm going to fuck your tight hot little ass right now
and there ain't anything you can do about it," I told her."Now one more time
baby, who's your daddy?" I asked her. "Fuck you," she answered.  I started
shoving my cock up her hot buttery little asshole. "Mphhh, ieeeee, nawww," she
cried and shook her head as I took the virginity out of her ass. I took me a
full minute of pulling back and ramming her little shit hole before I felt my
nuts bump up against her bare flesh. "Whoa baby, you are the tightest little ass
fuck I ever had," I told her. As she lay trembling, shaking her head no, I began
to pull back and push into her bleeding asshole slowly, enjoying the heat, the
extreme tightness, her tears! It took a good five minutes to break her open so I
could enjoy her ass. I began to long stroke her, watching her jerk and quiver
when I bottomed out in her colon. Each time I pulled pack she gripped me tightly
trying to keep me from pulling out through her sphincter and plunging back in
roughly, making it pop open and take my hard rod.

I looked back at Claire. She had a bird's eye view of her daughter's anal rape.
She was shaking her head, tears running down her cheeks in rivers. "You better
talk to your daughter mom, make her understand that she is owned, she is mine,
and she will obey," I told the sobbing mother.

I fucked the blonde cheerleaders clutching asshole for a good three minutes. I
knew I couldn't take it any for to long. She was  hot, buttery and tight! I
began to slam into her ass as hard as I could, each time I plunged down into her
widespread crotch I felt my nuts bounce off her ass. My nuts blew, I felt my
cock quiver, damn, it actually hurt from the tightness of her, until this
moment's, unfucked little rectum. "AHHHHHH, YESSSSSSS," I moaned loudly as I
bottomed out in her ass and pumped my hot sticky load into her guts. "Ahhhhhhh,
Gahhhhh," she screeched from behind my hand as the salt in my cum began to burn
the tender and torn tissues in her rectum.  I held down deep into her colon
until my cock began to shrink. I jerked out quickly, painfully...for her.

Priss lay crying, more like sobbing, she sobbed so hard she shook all over
making it hard for me to get her ankles and wrists tied right. I rolled her over
and got the wrists tied. When I started to tie her ankles I spotted cum and
blood, lots of blood running down her thighs. I jerked her to her feet and got
her to the bathroom where I sat her down on the toilet. "Take a dump, cunt," I
ordered as I brushed her nipples with the leather belt. She noisily expelled the
load into the toilet. I jerked her off an spread her cheeks as I made her hover
over the neighboring bidet. The cold stream made her jerk and cry out but she
hovered where I placed her without fighting. Finally, a good ass reaming had
gotten her into line.  I made her kneel on the bed as I spread her cheeks. No
cum, no blood. Her ass was broken in and not much damage. I hoped to give her
another ass fucking in the next couple days...if I had time.

Priss went into the big trunk next to her friend. As a safety measure I trussed
them together and then to the framework that was exposed in the trunk. They
could not roll over or raise up or move their heads or legs. They lay facing
each other in the dark confines. The bags were placed in front of them. They
barely showed in the shadows. Another blanket over them and they were invisible.

Mom was in the driver's seat next to me on the big bench seat. She was dressed
in a nice light summer dress, no panties, no bra. I made sure she had her
license, insurance card and registration. The gas tank was full and I had plenty
of cash. No credit card purchase for this trip! We backed smoothly out of the
driveway as the big garage door closed. I told her to turn to the right. We
approached the stop sigh and turned right again. In fifteen minutes we were on
the interstate heading south. Dad would not be home until tomorrow at midnight.
I had a thousand miles to go and thirty hours before he got home. I figured if
we drove straight through only stopping for gas and to drink, to water the girls
in back and let them piss, that I should be over the border with hours to spare
before he got home. I had filled a foam cooler I found in the garage with food
and water before leaving. I wanted them under my eye the whole trip. I didn't
want mom to get brave and mouth off in a store. I had plans for Claire when we
stopped in the dark pull offs along the way. She could water the girls then I
would bend her over the trunk and water her hole!

We made the trip with hours to spare. I got the girls all dolled up in their
cheerleader outfits and Clair in a baby doll nightie. I let the buyer know Priss
was cherry. Of course he checked it out for himself. When he found out that
Shannon only had been fucked a couple time and that mom was a good lay he
complied with my price. One and a quarter million U.S. dollars; I was ready for
retirement.

Two weeks later I lounged in my front room, listening to the distant surf on the
beach. A package had arrived in the mail, no return address. I opened it and
found a VHS tape. It was from my latest buyer. He was so happy with Priss and
his bonus package that he filmed Priss's deflowering ceremony and sent me a
copy. She was still headstrong and fought to the end. I laughed when he slapped
her senseless after having to chase her around the bedroom. Claire and Shannon
were naked, chained to the wall. He finally got her ass turned to the camera and
spread her legs. She screamed, I mean SCREAMED when he put the meat to her. I
watched fascinated as Claire and Shannon screamed along with her. It was music
to my ears and probably his too. He stabbed into her cunt in a flurry of fast
hard strokes. I could see blood dripping on the white sheets. She wasn't a
virgin any more. When he slammed into her and grunted as he started pumping the
first load of cum her fertile young womb ever received, I almost came myself.

"Shit, no wonder she screamed like she was being killed," I said to myself. I
watched fascinated as the drug lord pulled his cock out of Priss and turned to
wave at the camera. The fucker was hung like a pony, I mean not even close to
normal. He had to be 12 inches long and at least two inches across. His cock was
stained bright red. When he moved aside, I could see a stream of red flecked
white cum pouring out from the gaping slit between her puffy lips, it was making
a puddle on the white sheet between her wide spread thighs. She finally knew who
her daddy really was!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Trapper


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





