BDSM Library - Natalie and The Sunchair




Natalie and The Sunchair
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Natalie is caught sunning out in the balcony in a too small bikini.  Soon the small bikini is the least of her problems as she is tied and left on display for the neighbours to view.
WARNING: You must be at least 18 years of age to read this story. The following
story may describe consensual or non-consensual sexual activities, public sexual
scenes or other BDSM activities involving one or more adult people. The story
may also describe consensual or non-consensual sexual activity between adults. 
If you do not like this story then don��t read it.

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. The characters in this story are a
product of the author's imagination. Any similarities to actual persons are
purely coincidental.  Before reading this story, ensure you understand the story
codes and the fact this story is a work of fiction.

COPYRIGHT & PERMISSION: This story is Copyright 2003 by Oz Greg. This story may
not be reproduced elsewhere without permission of the author. All permitted
reproductions must include the unaltered WARNING, DISCLAIMER and COPYRIGHT &
PERMISSION notices.




Natalie and The Sunchair

Natalie opened the balcony door, stepping outside. A little wrap hiding her
gauzy bikini, if you can call it a bikini, because dental floss would really
describe that it really was. The material almost transparent and shiny, and of
cause, the colour shockingly designed to really catch the eye. 

He of course loved the bikini, mostly because of the looks it received, nothing
better than walking down the street with everyone staring at you, or so He
thought.  Those looks of course had a strong effect on Natalie. To this day,
Natalie still blushed remembering the exposure when he made her wear it back to
the car that day after she tried in on at the shop. Now every time Natalie put
on the bikini she always remembered the looks and those memories always put her
in a mood for more although she denied it.

Natalie sat down on the deck chair, shades on, drink by the side and book in her
hand.

Natalie had plans to read and of course work on her tan, a great way to pass the
time waiting for him to come home.  Natalie secretly hoped they would go down to
the ocean soon and would he make her wear this bikini, that is really why she
had put the bikini on as a hint to him, although again she would not really
admit that to him, that was part of the game.

Natalie closed her eyes and opened up the wrap, the little bikini now on show,
knowing that the neighbours could be watching her, most likely why he got this
apartment as the big balcony was perfect for this type of show.  The balcony was
visible from the top two units and of course the walk way up to the complex if
one ever looked up.  Funny enough most people never looked up, but some did,
Natalie still vividly remembered the face that look of shock when a neighbour
saw her, last time on this balcony.

Timed passed by, the sun and the book making Natalie drowsy.  Natalie did not
hear the balcony door slide open nor hear him walk up until His hands reached
down and his lips met hers in a kiss.  He smiled, looking at the bikini with
that evil smile that always seems to get Natalie into one of her adventures that
smile making her weak somehow robbing her of the power to say no.

He bent down, whispering into Natalie ear while grabbing her arms, saying, "I
see you are enjoying the sun, sorry I cannot stay as I just came home to get my
diary but I be back soon, I promise, but since you feel like a little bit of sun
I thought you would enjoy a little more exposure"

With that Natalie felt her arms being pushed to the arms of the chair and the
silk ties of her wrap being used to bind them there.  Realising to late what was
happening Natalie tried to fight back, to free her arms but it was all to
sudden, and as his knots resisted Natalie's prying fingers, binding her to the
chair. Natalie glared up at him, unsure of his mood or the events that just took
place..

Natalie was not new to these kind of games, many times they had played bondage
games at home but never in public somehow bondage in public was another step
over a line, Natalie was not sure she wanted to cross.. Now with one move, he
crossed that line and Natalie was helpless bound to the chair and she could not
help but to wonder what else he would dare to do.

Natalie twisted in the chair as his fingers traced down her bound upper body to
her legs. Slowly, the touch of his fingers clamed her fears and started to light
fires over Natalie's body.  His touch always teasing so gentle lulling Natalie
into calm, until unexpectedly Natalie felt her leg being grabbed and with a
swift motion bound and pulled wide apart to the chair.  Guessing his next move
for the other leg, a fight began.  Natalie, now almost helpless tried her best
to stop him from capturing the leg.  Knowing full well should he capture her
leg, it would leave her bound and helpless in the chair. Natalie squirmed,
trying to stay calm, preventing him to grabbing her leg. In her mind a rush of
emotions played over and over again over the though of her bound hopeless in the
chair.

Soon Natalie fate was sealed as he grabbed her last leg and tied it tightly. 
Slightly puffed out from the brief fight, He did nothing but collect this breath
for a while.  Meanwhile Natalie sat squirming over and over again those thoughts
in her mind as she strained to free herself from the silk ties.  To late,
Natalie wished she wore something a little different as this Bikini did not
offer any protection from what ever he wished.


He reached down and grabbed the bottle of lotion, saying, that he did not want
Natalie to burn.  Squirting the lotion onto his hand, slowly and methodically he
rubbed on the lotion using it as an excuse to touch and teasing her with his
fingers.  Rubbing in the lotion working over her body, that touch lighting more
fires in Natalie body, making her squirm in the bounds of the silk, those
squirms taking on an erotic feel as waves of arousal had replaced the panic at
being bound, leaving Natalie weak at his touch.

Natalie felt the string of her bikini top being pulled, her eyes locking onto
his, pleading no to this exposure, hoping he would not but knowing he would. 
Slowly teasingly her top came lose, eventually being pulled away.  Natalie's
hard pink nipples coming into view, the sun kissing them as they came on
display.

Gently he applied the sun lotion over her breasts over her nipples making them
ache with desire as his finger teased their hardness making her body ache with
each touch. He stoped, making Natalie whimper for the loss of the touch

Natalie looked up, at him, wondering what is next, watching him watch her,
watching his eyes slid down over her half nude body until his eyes rested on the
only piece of clothing remaining, her Bikini String bottoms.

Natalie tensed sensing the direction of his stare, "No way, don't you dare" came
the cry from her weaken voice.  He smiled, of course he dared.  Natalie was
helpless he could do what ever he wanted and he wanted.  Natalie tensed saying
please don't, watching so helpless as he slowly reached down and untied the ties
to her bikini bottoms, slowly sensually pulling off the bikini until Natalie was
totally nude.

With the bikini bottoms gone, he could see Natalie's arousal, her body telling
him the true state of her mind, knowing now that his impulse to strip her nude
was having it's full effect he once again reach down to the lotion and slowly
lovely applied it over her bare freshly shaven mound.  In fact Natalie had just
shaved bare this morning, especially and carefully just to wear the Bikini.

His fingers slick with the sunscreen parted her vulva lips, with a evil grin on
his face, he teasingly slid a finger inside of her under the excuse of making
sure the sun would not burn her.  Before long the sun lotion was everywhere his
repeated touches, making Natalie melt, whimper and beg for his touch.

He straightened up, smiled then slowly pushed Natalie chair in the middle of the
balcony.  Looking around, moving her chair, seemly making sure of her exposure. 
Every now and then he would bend down and use his fingers to tease her some
more.  Natalie whimpered and moaned in frustration her hands struggling to
touch, but held down, bound nude in the chair all she could do is beg and tell
him about her frustration.  Again he stopped, seeing her sunglasses on the
ground, He bent down and replaced them, whispering "Back soon, do not go
anywhere"..

Natalie tried to collect her panicked thoughts knowing someone will see her,
maybe they are seeing her now.  Nude, exposed like this on this chair. 
Meanwhile the sun glared on seemingly wanting to make Natalie very visible under
it's glare, it's light on her legs, parted wide, her hard nipples, her arms
bound, twitching hopelessly tied to her chair. Natalie knew if anyone could see
her now they would see all of her charms, she would have nothing to hide.

He was back, his fingers tracing down Natalie side, over down her legs to her
feet then tracking back upwards again, up the inside of her legs. Tracing until
he reached her bare mound, then her vulva lips.

Natalie felt something sliding deep inside of her.  Natalie tried to thrash
around to stop him from inserting the toy, shocked over how he would use a toy
on her, like this, in public.  It was bad enough being nude at his mercy but now
this.  Natalie felt the object deep inside her before with a throb it came to
life.  Moaning Natalie felt the toy claiming her and pushing her on a path that
would only lead to the greatest of public humiliation, her loss of control.

Then he was gone, the front door closed loudly. Natalie could not believe he
left her on the balcony, alone on display like his.  Natalie thoughts whirled
around and around, panicked knowing someone will see her, see her bound,
wiggling in this chair, alone at the mercy of the sun and that damn object deep
inside.




Part 2

Minutes passed with the relentless magic of the egg driving Natalie wild.  In
Natalie mind she imagined people watching her, thinking he had gone to another
apartment, the one up top, and right now he is pointing her out to other people,
letting them see her in this state.


Burning with shame knowing for sure someone would be watching Natalie drew the
line in the sand and decided no way will she orgasm for him like this on show. 
Minutes dragged past and Natalie fought against the egg but it was a hopeless
battle as inch by inch she lost ground against the relentless vibration.

Just when Natalie thought things would not get worse, in the distance came a
voice singing.  Slowly the singing was getting, the sound coming up the path
leading straight by the balcony.

Natalie looked down through the balcony, hoping that this singing stranger on
the path would not look up and for a moment she got her wish and just when
Natalie though it was safe, a pair of blue eyes lookup up locked onto hers, that
act of surprise on their face seeing her in this state pushed Natalie over the
edge...

Penny was walking down the path on her way back to the apartment when a flash of
metal on sunlight caused her to look up into the second floor balcony. Not
believing her eyes, Penny blinked, shocked over the sight of a naked lady, tied
to a chair having what seemed to be an orgasm in public.

Now Penny was no stranger to bondage games herself but never in a million years
had she ever been bound like this so on show, the effect was really erotic to
watch a strange in bondage like that. Penny felt like a peeking Tom except this
show was meant to be peeked on.

Meanwhile, Natalie caught in the effects of the orgasm felt the strangers eyes
on her, making her orgasm go on and on before she brought it back under control. 
Blushing from head to toe, Natalie closing her eyes hoping the stranger had
left, refusing to open her eyes to look the stranger in the eyes again.

Penny looked up hoping to catch the stranger's eyes again but they were firmly
closed, on a sudden reckless impulse she wondered what it would be like meeting
her.  Shaking her head against that notion, Penny walked back to her unit only
to discover that her partner had gone out and taken the only key with him.

Fuming Penny walked back towards the reception glancing up again into the
stranger's apartment wondering if she was still out there.

Meanwhile, the fight over Natalie's next orgasm had really developed into a
pitched battle. Natalie summing up all her will against the relentless toy,
after her last orgasm, no way in the world was she going to put on another a
show. Her face still burning bright red after the last orgasm, Natalie was
determined to not give in.

Unknown to Natalie her fight was actually adding a large degree of erotism to
her show, the telltale signs of her body struggling against the bonds, the way
she moved her hips, her nipples pointing hard straight up towards the sun was
making the unseen watcher in another unit very dry in the mouth. Natalie was
oblivious to the fact that she had managed to attract the very last thing she
wanted attention of another unit!  In fact, directly to one side of her unit the
male occupant was very much enjoying her show, his eyes drinking the in sights,
and judging by the telltale sign of a bulge in his trunks it was obvious that he
was enjoying what he saw..

Penny glanced up, grinning as the stranger had not left and by the looks of it,
she was squirming around even more. Penny wondered if she could find a better
spot to watch what develops. Walking back towards her unit to find a chair or
something, Penny noticed the door to the strangers apartment block was open.
Pausing for a moment, Penny thought "No way should I" and before reason could
override this impulse Penny slipped through opened the opened apartment door and
walked in..

Natalie arched her back flighting back the tremors of a small orgasm that
threatened to develop into something much more, then in the distance dimly she
could hear a voice calling out.  Thinking it was him teasing her, Natalie
groaned out "Come here"

The unsighted stranger in the adjoining apartment was also nearing an orgasm,
the swimming trucks had long since been removed and he was masturbating by the
window, looking down on Natalie's nude body his eyes darting between her hard
pink nipples, down her body to the junction between her legs.

Penny paused looking down the corridor trying to work out which door. Until a
note caught her eye, saying "If you come because of the balcony, please go
inside.". Nervously Penny tried the door and opened it slowly, clearing her
voice she cried out "Anyone home hello? Can I come in...". Hearing a reply,
Penny walked into the apartment, through the living room to the balcony..

Natalie heard the sliding balcony door open and looked in horror to see a
stranger's face and not his face.  Startled at the unfamiliar face, recognition
dawned; the person standing now on the balcony was THAT stranger that Natalie
just had a very public orgasm for!!

Again Natalie blushed red from face to toe and for a long second she wondered if
he had set this all up but decided that was not possible, it must not be
possible, she hoped it was not possible.

Penny stared at Natalie then the chair, looking at the knots, noticing that they
have been tied to make sure they are out of reach, the strangers glasses had
fallen off on the floor and on the table next to the chair was a small remote
control which Penny bent down and picked up.  The stranger's skin also gleamed,
making Penny giggle as it appeared at least this stranger was not going to get
burnt in a hurry although she is going to get one heck of a tan.

The idea of this situation was making Penny giggle, thinking about how
considerate, the person was to apply suntan cream, what a ridiculous thought!.
Certainly it did not appear that the stranger was that unwilling to be exposed
like this as Penny could smell the strangers arousal, see it's effects gleaming
on her thighs, for a second Penny wondered how she would feel exposed like this,
would she be like the stranger aroused over this, orgasming on display?

A voice broke Penny out of her daydream.. "Ah can you ppplease turn it off,
please.. it is the button up the top" gasped the voice..

Penny looked at the remote control and pressed the desired button.. Looking
around, feeling now embarrassed for coming in, Penny mumbled, "Ah hi, um I am
Penny you kind of neighbour and well the sign said come in and you said come in
and well I saw you and I just wanted to met you and..."

Natalie replied (looking like she wanted to any place but here) "ah well I
though you are someone else and yelled out and well you came and well I am
Natalie.." ..

Penny released she made a mistake by coming into the strangers house and started
to turn to leave, blurting out. "Oh I am sorry, listen I will just leave, ok? 
Sorry listen I do not know why I came up... I was locked out of my apartment and
well I could not resist so I never mind I just leave now."

Natalie closed her eyes, thinking... "Ah can you untie me first maybe? I really
would like that as you can see I am a little on show here and well some clothing
would be nice" came Natalie's nervous reply not sure if she wanted Penny to
leave now or untie her first..

Penny stood not sure thinking maybe leaving would be the best option..

Natalie seeing that Penny was about to flee, begged "Please Penny, he left me
here and well and, umm..." asked Natalie

"He left you like this, why?" questioned Penny back.

Natalie turned red and mumbled "because well because I kind of well you know,
please do not make me say, you think I am perverted or something."

Penny smiled and replied. "Actually my partner does the same thing to me INSIDE
and I have to try to escape so well".... Penny paused for a moment and added
"Listen, thinking about this I guess your partner want you do the same, to
escape that is or suffer the fate if you cannot so he might not be very happy I
let you out so"

Natalie closed her eyes thinking this is not fair, I let a stranger see me like
this and ask for help and she will not help me! Seeing Penny was leaving Natalie
decided to try to bribe her way to freedom. "Ah I will buy you lunch if you let
me go", .pleaded Natalie.

Penny stopped, just at the balcony door, that half begging offer gave her an
idea,  many times her partner made her beg like this and the idea of making a
stranger beg was well intoxicating.  Penny wondered just how far she can take
this situation and decided to set a little test.

"Just lunch, Natalie no coffee?" teased Penny, starting her test

Natalie gasped not hearing her ears, Penny wanted coffee as well!! Natalie
looking up saw a small smile on Penny's lips and sighed.  Sensing Penny mood had
change, Natalie was not sure if she liked the change or what it meant!

"Yes coffee and cake if you want, just tell me what you want and untie me,
please." begged Natalie. Unfortunately for Natalie, Penny was starting to really
enjoy this sense of power and with a evil smile pressed the ON button on the
remote control. Natalie felt the egg come to life inside of her, the sudden
surge of arousal making her gasp in a moan, returning the right red colour to
Natalie's face over that lack of control.

Groaning Natalie gasped "Please turn off the egg please? What do you want"

Penny smiled and simply said, "well I got an idea and well I thought you may
need a little more ah incentive into accept it. With that Penny pressed the
speed control upwards from low.

Natalie tried to stop another moan from escaping, the egg that terrible egg that
he bought that time on a whim, Natalie swore she would throw it away as every
time because it got used, somehow Natalie would find herself in a situation like
this one, always at someone's mercy.

Penny watched Natalie struggling against the chair. For a split second Penny
thought should maybe I stop? Then seeing the moisture on the chair, it was
obvious that Natalie did enjoy this type of exposure and besides having someone
at her mercy like this was such a turn on.  Once again Penny stood wondering how
she would feel bound like that and with a shake of her head to clear those types
of thoughts, Penny turning the egg to high and smiling sweetly and told Natalie
of the terms to be released..

"Come shopping with me this afternoon.  I been wanting to go to that new Shoe
and handbag store but my partner is busy and well I need someone to help me
because clothing shopping is much more fun with someone else and you will
perfect."

Natalie only moments from orgasm would have agreed to do just about anything to
avoid orgasming in front of the stranger again.  However in Natalie's state she
made a fatal slip.  Although Natalie meant to say "Yes I come shopping and I
wear anything you want" it came out "Yes I come shopping and do anything you
want"

Releasing her mistaken words Natalie tried to correct what she had just said..
"No I mean I wear anything",

Penny laughed, "No you just agreed to do anything I want, so that is that and I
will come and get you around 12.."

Penny quickly reached down and tugged on the knot on Natalie's wrist, losing it
slightly, from her own experience Penny knew, Natalie will be able to work the
knot free eventually. Thinking about this afternoon, Penny stepping back inside
the unit leaving the remote next to the chair and walked out the front door
grinning at the sounds of Natalie having another humiliating orgasm




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Oz Greg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





