BDSM Library - From A Mayor To A Slave




From A Mayor To A Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Anne helps her mother to get revange on those who hurt her.
From a mayor to a slave
By the outsider.
A newly elected mayor turns into a slave.

Note_1: this is a pure fantasy and ALL of the characters and the events are
made-up.
Note_2: the outfit that Anne dressed Lora in was taken from the story: "New
U-Salon by Zon18"
Note_3: Morganna and shyster dame her used with GW's permission.


Part 1- kidnapped.

It all started when the two friends got to college when Lisa or as she was once
known: Rachel Smith was a religious woman who most people will call a nerd as
she used to wear thick eyeglasses, her hair then was as black as a crow and was
in ponytails, long black dresses with white shirts with bottoms, on her legs she
always had socks and shoes until Lora who was a pledge convinced her to join her
sorority like she was ordered by her "big sister" but Lisa was about to become a
Lesbian sex-slave and after she dropped out of school to be forced into becoming
a strait slut.

She was in this "profession" for five years until she was kidnapped into
becoming once again a sex-slave but this time for a couple who used to torture
her until she was free when she gave birth to her daughter who she called: Anna
which means please in Hebrew but the girl legally changed her and her mother's
name to Anne and Lisa Smith so that their pest will be forgotten by all but then
a few years ago Lisa couldn't do her new job as a maid anymore and so she was
declared insane and her daughter was forced to become her own mother's legal
Guardian.

Anne she didn't knew what to do until this Lawyer, Geri Phillips, came to her
and after she introduced herself she led Anne and Lisa to her car where they saw
a blond women who wore: red sunglasses, red g-string abbreviated matching red
vest without buttons, red chauffer's cap was standing next to with her head bow
down and her hair was free.

Then when they were closer the chauffer looked at Anne and her mother and said:
"welcome Mistress, where shell we go from here?"

"Home, Wodden." Geri said.

"Very good, Mistress." The chauffer replied as she opened the door.

Then after the humiliated chauffer opened the door: Lisa was the first who got
into the car before the strange lawyer and Anne was the lest but she suddenly
stopped as she looked at the chauffer and recognized the woman but she didn't
say anything as she got into the car, then Anne got into the car and after Geri
got in then the chauffer closed the door and went to her seat.

As the car began to move Geri asked Anne to tell her all about the history of
poor Lisa who just set there and held her hands tightly around her now small and
weak body trying not to attract to much attention as she just wanted to be free
and to live with her beloved daughter who like her was now hurt from being in
her position while she attended Law school.

Geri on her part could see that Anne can be very helpful to her needs and knew
that with Lisa in her shape the girl will need all the help that she will be
able to find even if it means to become the protege of the strange woman who set
there between the mother and daughter so she tried to find all about the
situation of Lisa until she was sure that she can trust the girl and then she
told her that she has a friend who might be able to help her with Lisa.

The two talked for an hour before Lisa was the one who finely asked Geri: "Why
are you doing th-this?" and Geri answered: "I know that you may not believe it
but I can see that your daughter can be a great lawyer and I want her to be able
to perform."

"And what about your friend? Mom is not healthy and rich woman so I need to know
that I can trust her to keep mom under her eye." Anne said.

"Don't worry, Morg. Is a very nice woman and I believe that she will agree to
keep her." Geri answered.

"Anne, we don't have anywhere to live at, what do you think we should do?" Lisa
asked her daughter with a tear in her eye.

"If you will agree to work for me then I will give you a place that will be your
own and my friends will teach you how to get your revenge and your own slave."
Geri targeted her mark.

"What do you mean?" Anne asked.

"My friend as a niece who is about your age, she is very 'talented' and she can
teach you lots of things while we the adults in your mother's age will teach
your mother how to be the best that she can." Geri pulled the switch.

"Like you did with DA Ulrica Wodden or should I say your chauffer?" Lisa asked.

"What was that, mom?" Anne asked as she saw Geri and the humiliated chauffer
jump a little.

"The chauffer, she is Ulrica Wodden, our MIA DA." Lisa replied.

"How did you know that?" Geri asked.

"I was the last slut who she prosecuted so tell me Geri: where is Judge Deirdre
Mainwaring?" Lisa said.

"Are you on medications mom? That slut at the driver seat can't be the missing
DA..." Anne began to say as Geri shook her head and confirmed it.

"Mom, I'm sorry." Anne said.

"That's OK. Pumpkin, please take the job... we don't have any other choice if we
want to get even with that bitch, Lora Franklin... please, I know that you
can..." Lisa begged her daughter who finely agreed not wanting to break her poor
mother's heart, that was the job of others BUT her job was to make sure that her
mom will be safe on all the levels and so for the next 2 years BOTH Lisa and
Anne went for a training period which was cut when Lora became the new mayor of
Empire city.

* * * * * * *

It was the first day in the office for the new mayor of Empire-city, Mrs. Lora
will, when there was a knock on the door.

The new mayor who thought that this was her new bodyguards who came to protect
her after she got threats on her life opened the door but instead of finding
what she thought she was attacked by a Blonde woman who was dressed in a Black,
tight leather skirt, tank top and sandals.

The woman viciously attacked Lora until she couldn't stand anymore and then
after Lora lay on the cold floor and the woman took of Lora's cloths and tied
her hands with a rope tightly behind her back, Lora tried to find out who this
woman was and why she is doing this to her:

"W-Who are you?" Lora asked.

"Don't you remember me?" the woman asked as she stood just above Lora's head.

"I never saw you in my life..." Lora said.

"Are you sure about that?" the woman asked.

"Yes." Lora said and then she felt the woman peeing on her.

"Wrong answer bitch, you ruined my life when we were in collage... all I wanted
is to be a member at a sorority but I wasn't good enough to be a pledge." the
woman said as Lora began to remember but she couldn't be that girl, after all
they told her that she died.

Then after a moment of silent Lora asked: "Lisa, is that you?"

"So you do know me, I thought that you will remember after all you turned me
into a bisexual slut and now I'm going to get even as you will become my
General-slave." Lisa informed the new mayor who began to tremble from fear as
she heard Lisa on the move.

Suddenly she wanted to say something as she heard footsteps which were much
quicker then Lisa's so she looked up and there she was another Blond smiling as
she held one of Lora's suits and then she said: "You're right ma, the bitch is
having the same size as you, why won't you take these cloths and go to change
while I will 'entertain' that bitch?"

"Unfortunately my dear you don't have time for that but you do have time to..."
Lisa said as suddenly there was a shot and her blood spilled all over Lora's
body.

"MOOOOM..." the Blonde shouted but it was too late as her mom fell on the floor
wounded.

"Run home pumpkin... don't let... the..." was all Lisa could say as she became
unconscious but the Blonde didn't quit as she grabbed Lora and shoved her to the
back door from which she took the struggling woman to a car and after she threw
her to the backseat she drove away scared for her mom.

Meanwhile back at the house the police saw the unconscious whore but they
thought that she came to get something to eat from the way that she looked so
they called for an Ambulance to take the "helpless" woman to the hospital while
the teenager drove Lora to a house which looked derelict, windows broken,
graffiti on the walls, toilet paper in the trees, the lawn was unmowed, and the
former prize winning garden was an overgrown weed patch.

Then after she made sure that no one was around she took the sobbing mayor into
the house which looked much better then the outdoor and from there to a room
which was empty, then she shoved a ring-gag into Lora's mouth and lay her on the
floor with her face facing it before she shoved a broom stick into her ass and
then she heard the girl saying: "now remember: I'm going to use you and train
you until mom will return, you will pay for what you did to her... and by the
way I'm one of your new mistresses and you will call me: mistress Anne." Then
the girl began to kick and to punch Lora who screamed from her gag.

When the girl finished she turned Lora around and set on her stomach before she
grabbed her nipples and began to pull and twist them until Lora's breasts were
sore and she was in pain, then for her next 'trick' she turned Lora so that her
face will face the ceiling before she asked the humiliated woman: "will you do
as I say?" and when Lora shook her head 'yes' then Anne set with her behind on
Lora's mouth and then she forced Lora to lick her.

Anne forced Lora to do this until she was sure that Lora degraded herself enough
and that was when she told her: "you did an excellent job for a dumb trainee, if
you'll keep it up and be good then I won't punish you but if you will make any
mistakes then you'll pay the price... now my first slave will visit you in a
while, I need to go to work and to check how mom is doing." then before Anne
left the room she began to laugh and that was when Lora saw that the girl was
dressed in a six-inch black heels, Up her long legs to her hips accentuated by
the way the heels forced her to stand.

Then she looked over the black spandex skirt that barely covered her ass to her
nicely flattened stomach and then she saw that the girl's firm round C breasts
stuck out proudly, then as she heard the lock Lora began to cry as she felt that
there will be something wrong in her future as she suddenly remembered the pest
and Lisa's face when she was told what the plan was by non-other then Lora who
stood there laughing with her 'older sister' while the helpless girl begged for
mercy.

The time in that room was very slow and Lora felt like Lisa when she was kept in
"the room" which looked just like this very room and she knew that in a short
time her training will begin and she was right as a while after the young woman
left her the door was open and in came a Blonde woman who wore super abbreviated
flounced skirts that didn't reach the top of her thighs with no undergarments,
and a white lace aprons that extended between their bounteous breasts but did
not cover them, black fishnet stockings with garters and a chocker which said:
"Mona va-va-boom", other then that the woman was pierced in a few body parts and
Lisa saw that she had a few tattoos over few other parts of her body.

Then without a word 'Mona' came closer to Lora and began to play with her clit
for a while, then she stood up and showed Lora her tattooed ass which had a
tattoo on the right cheek which said: "Anne's property" before she got to her
hands and knees and gently began to lick Lora's pussy just as she was trained to
do.

Then Mona licked Lora who suddenly remembered who this girl was: it was her "big
sister" from college and that was when she began to cry as she remembered the
fun that they had when they humiliated and abused Lisa and here they were now
being humiliated by Lisa's daughter who Lora knew that has a few tricks to show
under her sleeve.

Meanwhile Anne arrived to the office dressed in a conservative business suit and
it was clear to her boss who saw her that she was very upset for what happened
this morning as she went straight to her corner office without the usual: "good
morning, boss." where she spent the next hour on the phone trying to fine her
mother and then when she finely found that her mother is at Mt. Moriah Medical
Center recuperating she calmed down a beat when there was a knock on the door
Valkie who was on her hands and knees came into the room followed by Geri who
held a leash which was attached to the naked slave's collar.

Then just as Geri dropped the leash and without a word Valkie crawled to where
Anne set, took of her panties and began to lick her until it was clear to Gerri
that her intern is relaxed as she asked her: "How do you feel, Anne?"

"Better boss." Anne replied.

"We heard about your mother, how does she feel?" Geri asked.

"She went through a surgery, boss but according to the doctor that I spoke with
she is now safe but she will remain in the ER for a while just to make sure that
she is safe and that the danger is out." Anne informed her boss.

"Is there something that you need?" Geri asked.

"Well, I got what I wanted and I'm about to start to work harder so that I'll
have money to support ma when she will get out and to pay for all the treatments
that she will need and I hope that she will feel better soon." Anne replied.

"If there is something, anything that I can do to help just tell me and I will
do it Anne." Geri said.

"Thank you, can you please give me a few cases which as lots of money put in
them... I promise you that I won't humiliate you or jeopardize your reputation?"
Anne asked.

"Well I have something that I think that you might have a kick of but I'm not
sure that it will be wise to push you to this." Geri said.

"Boss, I need that money and I'm begging that you will give it to me." Anne
begged her boss.

"Very well then, come to my office at the end of the day and I will give you
that case... until then I decided that Valkie will spend the rest of the day
with you so you can use her and train yourself for your role as a mistress and
maybe even remember in a few things that you may have forgotten." Geri said as
she looked at Anne who began to smile for the first time since her mother was
shot.

"Thank you boss, I will do as you say and I promise not to disappoint you." Anne
answered.

"You won't disappoint me, you are to smart for that and by the way your first
client in the big league will be here soon, her name is Raven Black and she is
one of my biggest clients, as always she will be accompanied by her
personal-assistant, Coco Va-Boom." Geri said as she went out of the office and
closed the door.

* * * * * * *

When Gerri returned to her office after showing Raven (Mystique) the way to
Anne's office she called the clinic and had a little chat with Morganna who had
Justy dancing naked infront of her like a stripper:

"How the kid is doing?" Morganna asked.

"She is tough, Morg. But I feel that she will need our help to survive this
crisis." Geri answered.

"Does she need anything?" Morganna asked.

"Money, but that girl will never ask that... after I saw her mother sitting
there at the Lunacy Commission I knew that this girl is tough but I never could
have guess how much." Geri said.

"So what are you planning to do, Geri?" Morganna asked.

"I'm going to give her all of the M's if you know what I mean." Geri answered
her friend.

"You mean our: friends, Wendy, Leti and myself?" Morganna asked.

"Precisely." Geri answered.

"Does she good enough?" Morganna asked.

"You can count on that Morg... I never saw such a talent like I see whenever I'm
in court with her, I guess that I took a chance which made me quite as I know
that the girl is not dumb like the others that I wanted to hire and maybe I will
also ask her to become my partner." Geri said.

"Do you think that she will agree?" Morganna asked.

"I hope saw Morg." Geri answered.

"And does she know something about her mom?" Morganna asked.

"Yes, she is Mt. Moriah Medical Center recuperating and according to the doctor
she will be fine but just to make sure I'm going to put an eye over and to make
sure that she will be taken care of and that she will be out of there as soon as
possible so that Anne will be able to do her job and that she won't be afraid
even though poor Lisa will need some time until she will be 100% once again."
Geri answer.

"Please tell her that if she needs our help then the clinic is open for her at
any time day or night and that Lisa's room will be kept unoccupied, so that she
will have somewhere to rest." Morganna asked.

"Don't worry Morg. I will tell her and you can to be sure that she will think
about it, by the way how Justy is?" Geri asked.

"Tired but I have no complaints, how's Valkie?" Morganna asked.

"The same, I left her with Anne." Geri answered.

"Okay, well I will see the two of you later." Morganna said.

"MORG." Gerri suddenly said.

"What happened?" Morganna asked.

"Can you put another plate today? I will invite her over for Dinner." Geri
suggested and Morganna agreed.

* * * * * * *

Meanwhile at the hospital the police wanted to question the slut who was found
at the mayor's house after the mayor vanished but they had to wait for her
lawyer and legal guardian to arrive and soon enough Anne arrived with her boss
after the long hard work and even though they were pleased to see that Lisa was
much better they weren't happy to see the police.

Then as the two women came closer to the room they were asked to show their ID
cards and after showing it they entered the room, one officer tried to stop Anne
from getting to her mother but she threatened to sue the city if the cop won't
move out of her way and that was when she moved and Anne was able to get to her
mother and to hold her.

Poor Lisa was trembling and as Anne calmed her down the questions began:

"What was she doing at the house?" the female officer asked.

"We wanted to see the new mayor." Anne said.

"You mean to kidnap the mayor?" the female officer asked.

"Watch it officer, you are not the judge or the Jury." Gerri said.

"What are you doing here Ms. Phillips?" the male officer asked.

"I'm Anne's boss and I'm here to see how her mother is doing." Geri answered.

"What are Morganna's plans?" the female officer asked.

"Morganna who?" Geri asked.

"Morganna Morgul, your friend." The female officer asked.

"Morganna Morgul is irrelevant to this case, now if you are here to hunt Ms.
Morgul then I am going to put a formal complaint against you for bothering my
poor mom for your ridiculous hunt against Ms. Morgul and also another formal
complaint for harming Ms. Morgul's reputation and if that's not enough then I'm
going to sue the both of you for libels and also for slandering Ms. Morgul not
to mention for the breach of privacy and the damage that this visit made for
mom." Anne said.

"Not only that but we are going to sue you with shooting and perhaps putting in
danger the life of Lisa Smith, not calling her lawyer or legal guardian,
canceling her rights, bothering her and the list is long so stick to the subject
or leave." Geri concluded the legal discussion and as both women looked they saw
Lisa smiling has she hugged her daughter even stronger even though she didn't
understood one thing that they said.

"Very well them, can you tell me what happened then?" the female officer asked
with a kinder tone of voice.

"Have you asked her that?" Anne asked.

"Yes." The male officer said as he looked at Gerri's boobs but he stopped as
Geri told him one word: "Arrestment..."

"What did you said mom?" Anne asked.

"I told them that I'm not going to do that while you are not around like you
told me, DR. Mark here saw it." Lisa said.

"And then what happened?" Anne asked.

"Th-they told me that if I won't cooperate then they will charge me and that
they will make sure that I'll be thrown into the loony house, Anne... I tried to
tell them that I'm not capable of doing that and that you need to be here with
me but then they began to ask me about Morganna Morgul and the relationships
that you have with Geri, Ms. Phillips... they said that it will be easier for me
to cooperate with them." Lisa said almost scared to death.

"That's okay ma, I'm here and I will take care of you and the other thing." Anne
said.

"She is lying." The female officer said.

"Is that true, doctor?" Anne asked.

"Yes, Ms but they didn't listened to her and threatened to throw her to jail if
she won't admit and tell them." The doctor answered.

"Will you testify doctor?" Anne asked.

"Yes." The doctor replied.

"Please leave and don't return unless you won't to work for McDonald's." Anne
said as the two cops left.

Then after Anne closed the door she said: "is that the all true, Uncle Mark?"

"Uncle Mark?" Geri replied.

"Yes Boss, that is my uncle: Mark, I knew that this will happen so I planned the
surprise... sorry for not telling you boss." Anne said.

"That's okay Anne... so how are you doing Lisa?" Geri asked.

"I'm fine Ms. Phillips, thank you..." Lisa said.

"Listen Anne, I spoke with Morganna and she told me that if you want then your
mom will get a room and she will be taken care off after she will be released
from the hospital and I also wish to invite you for dinner." Geri said.

"Thank you boss, I will be honored... how is she doing Uncle Mark?" Anne said.

"She is fine Anne don't worry about it and go with your boss... after all it
seems that she is stronger then what we expected and that she'll be released in
a month or so, you see when she arrived here she was unconscious with blood all
over her and the billet missed her heart by 5 inches, we worked for 6 hours to
try and make her better and fortunately for us she was able to get out of it and
now she is on the right track to full recovery." Uncle Mark said.

"Were there any troubles?" Geri asked as she looked at Anne holding her mother's
hand.

"Well Ms. Phillips we were able to get the bullet out in time and to take care
of her but our little Rachel here did the rest of the work, by the way Anne: how
is your new patient?" Mark asked.

"She is fine, I left her with Mona." Anne replied.

"Do you think that she can be out of here sooner then that?" Geri asked.

"Yes, Rachel here is a strong woman and I believe that with the right approach
and care she will be fine... I'm sorry Anne but it was a very long day and
Rachel needs her rest..." Uncle Mark said.

"That's okay uncle, I will be here tomorrow." Anne said as she kissed her mom
and then just as the two women were about to go out of the room Mark said: "Ms.
Phillips?"

"Yes what is it, Doctor?" Geri replied.

"Thank you for helping Anne and Rachel, they need it." The doctor said.

"No they don't, Rachel and Anne are very strong women and all I'm doing is to be
there for a support, that's it." Geri said before the two women went out of the
room to their waiting chauffer in the car that will take them to the clinic.

* * * * * * *
Back at the house Lora was now entering the tenth hour of Mona's non stop
assault, the former cheerleader was trained so that she will be able to work for
Twenty-four hours straight without a stop after she was caught by Anne who
turned her into Lisa's 'sex therapy' which meant that whenever Lisa was in one
of her situations then Mona was forced to pleasure her and calm her down with
the help of her tongue.

Other then that Anne used Mona as her general slave and there was no way out of
this for the helpless woman who was by now just a shadow of what she used to be
once in the past when she was the head of the sorority and that made Lora think:
if that was what Anne and Lisa were capable to do to 'Mona' who was once known
as: Elizabeth Montgomery then what do they have in store for her?

And she didn't have to wait for long: as Anne arrived after dinner and when Mona
saw her she stopped what she did and crawled over to her, then she moved her
mistress's panties and began to lick her after she set on the chair but the
licking was full of lust and Lora couldn't even compared it to what she got.

Then after a while Anne ordered Mona: "change it!" and Mona immediately stopped
what she was doing as she ran to the wall and pressed on a loose brick which
turned the room into a torture room while Mona returned to her mistress and
knelt there as Anne told her: "Mona, you know what to do." and that was when
Mona rose again and got closer to a table.

Then as Mona got ready Anne said: "look at her Lora, once she was one of the two
women who destroyed mom's life... I can still remember how mom talked about the
two of you with such a fear instead of doing what had to be done but I can't
blame her after she told me what happened to her I guess that she was devastated
after all the trust that she put in you: 'Lora was my best friend and I never
thought that she will be able to do this to me, Anna... why she did it?' I can
still hear her screaming form her nightmares or even worst: Living them until
she couldn't continue." Anne said as she rose from her chair and moved forwards
to where the now naked Mona was standing.

"You see when I was at the age of 14 ma told me everything and I used to dream
of using the both of you, to see you broken and tormented as ma became." Anne
said as she grabbed Mona's hair and pulled it roughly.

Then as Mona began to scream from the pain Anne continued laughing: "you see
Lora, ma became a general slave which is exactly what Elizabeth Montgomery or
Mona as she is known by now became... a general slave is a slave who doesn't
have a specific field of expertise but trained to be an expert in all of the
fields so that the mistress will be able to have fun with her slaves."

Mona's torment took a few minutes and when she was released then she immediately
grabbed what was on the table and then with a pure terror on her face she began
to put everything in its place after she dyed Lora's pussy to Black so that no
one will know that she is a natural Blonde: the first thing that she did was to
release Lora's hands and to put them in a leather fingerless gloves while Lora
tried to reach her pussy which was on fire after Mona didn't allowed her to cum,
then attached to chains to the d-rings on the gloves and that was when Anne
pushed on a button and Lora felt how she was raised up until Anne pushed the
button again and this time Lora stopped with her feet still on the floor as Mona
put a collar on Mona's neck and a slave-bracelet for each leg.

Then Mona shoved a vibrator to Lora's ass and a butt-plug to her ass and then
when everything was in place Anne turned everything on before she took Mona out
of the room, then for the next few hours Lora heard Anne shouting for pleasure
as her slave did her job well and then she heard Mona screaming from pleasure as
Anne fucked her body with a replica of the terrible Trollish dildo, that had
already deflowered the virginal anuses of Silver Valkyrie and Justice Lady.

Then when there was finely quite Lora finely fell asleep but she didn't had much
of a sleep as she was awakened by a whip and there was Anne who pulled the plug
and the vibrator out before she pulled a Black thong which had a v-cut in the
front and the back over Lora's long legs until it reached her crouch and then
Lora felt that it had a little slit in her ass just where the hole was but she
couldn't guess for what.

Next Anne pulled long, fishnet stocking over the bound woman's legs before she
put a boot which felt like a horse's hove on each leg, then Anne took an iron
brand and pressed it to Lora's right cheek before she put a leather harness over
the screaming woman's upper body and then after Anne finely finished with the
harness's straps she finely took the ring-gag from Lora's mouth as she put a
thick chocker over Lora's neck.

Then Anne took a head-gear with a horse's bit attached to it and after attaching
it to Lora's head and to the collar she said: "tell me, 'pinky' how was your day
with Mona?"

"Stop this, what are you planning for me and where is Liz?" Lora said.

Slap.

"I told you, I'll turn you into my slave and you will become the new sex-therapy
for mom so that I will be able to have fun with Mona, other then that I decided
to turn you into a general-slave like Mona but you will be owned by mom and just
in case you will refuse then on the table over there you can see a folder full
with information about illegal activities during the elections and in your
private life, not to mention also that mom's story is over there." Anne said.

"You know that your mom is insane and that no one will believe her." Lora said.

"You are right with that, mom is incapable of doing what she wants to do but I
have a list of testimonies that will put you has the one who brought mom into
slavery and ruined her life, you know people like her: family, friends,
ex-boyfriend who accidentally became your when mom 'joined' the sorority, her
college professors and the list is still long." Anne replied with a smirk.

"Y-you wouldn't dare..." Lora began say as she felt something stuck in her pussy
and nipples.

"Yes I would, now what I am?" Anne asked.

"My mistress." Lora whispered.

"What was that?" Anne asked.

"MY MISTRESS..." Lora said.

"And who are you?" Anne asked.

"I'm Pinky, mistress." Lora said.

"That's right and you know what your first training will be?" Anne asked.

"No mistress, what?" Pinky replied.

"For the rest of the night you will learn how to be a ponygirl and from tomorrow
you will pull my cart just like Mona when she began but Mona is my slave and I
mostly use her as a domestic slave so until mom will return you will be the
general slave and she will be the domestic." Anne said as she took a mask with a
zipper on the mouth and attached it to Lora's head-gear.

When it was over Lora tried to say something but all she could do was to whine
while Anne shoved 'a tail' to her ass.

Then Anne said: "well I'm done, from now on those cloths will be the only cloths
that you'll ever wear and whenever they will be washed you will be neither
servicing mom or in pain... the zipper on your mouth will be used as a gag which
means that whenever that will be open you will only be able to use your tongue
and to make sounds like the ones animals make: whines, growling, barking and
your view will be just what you see through the holes since you can't move your
head and now let's begin your training." Anne said as she attached the harness
to a chain on the wall and then she  began to whip Pinky.

Suddenly Pinky saw Mona (who was supposed to be in a deep sleep by now) dressed
as a schoolgirl outfit which included: a sheer white blouse that was three sizes
to small which was tied the shirt tails together, it was almost as if Mona was
wearing a Bikini with sleeves, a plated skirt which was obviously made for a
twelve year old because it was way to short and it barely covered her ass. 

There were also White knee socks and black patent leather shoes, and a pair of
flowered cotton panties, completed the outfit which made Mona to look like a
slut when the outfit came along with her make-up.

Then Mona came closer to her and when she was close enough Mona began fondling
Pinky's voluptuous body with unmistakable erotic intent while Anne laughed at
her slaves and whipped Pinky while Mona began to moan as she enjoyed playing
with Pinky's pierced nipples.

That night as promised Pinky learned how she should act as a slave and then when
it was time for the cart pulling she saw that the area was secluded which meant
that the evil Anne was able to take her out for a very long time and just like
in Mona's case there was no way that she will be able to escape the same faith
and she also knew that Anne will be able to break her will in a very short time.

And indeed it took Anne just a week to turn Lora from what she was into a
broken, submissive slave that will do whatever her mistress will tell her to
without any arguments while Anne taught Lora a brand new language in which Pinky
was allowed to speak in as she was not allowed to speak like a human anymore.

The end of part 1.




From a mayor to a slave, part 2
By the outsider.
Lisa returns home, and a visit from the past.

Part 2 -returning home.

It's bean a month now since Lora was kidnapped and turned into a slave while
Lisa was in the hospital recuperating after she was shot during the successful
operation of capturing Lora.

Over the last month Lora or as she was known by now, Pinky thanks to her pink
flesh became a totally changed woman in compare to what she used to be as she
was tortured and trained in such a way that after the first week she already
became the woman that Anne planned for her to become while on her part Anne
became quite and expert as her boss, Geri Phillips or as she was also known
Shyster dame, kept an eye on her but she never gave her any comments about her
training methods infront of Mona and Pinky as she knew that Anne won't fear
doing the same for her.

After spending a weekend with her boss, Anne learned that Mona can be used to a
few things just like the slaves in her now second home: Morganna's clinic and
today for the first time since she was kidnapped by Anne and Lisa, Mona was
dressed in a replica of Valky's chauffer uniform which included: red g-string
abbreviated matching red vest, red chauffer's cap and just like the one Valky
had the outfit once belonged to an organ grinder's monkey as they were on the
way to the hospital for getting Lisa out of there.

Before they left the house Anne dressed Pinky in a maid's uniform which
included:  super abbreviated flounced skirts, that didn't reach the top of their
thighs, no undergarments, with white lace aprons that extended between their
bounteous breasts but did not cover them, black fishnet stockings with garters,
doily caps.

Then when it was time to hear the news at 07:00 Anne's cellular rang and when
she answered she got a big surprise:

"Hello." Anne said.

"I'm looking for Anne Smith." A female voice said.

"That's Anne, who is it?" Anne said.

"Anne, I don't know if you remember me but my name is Dr. Brigs and I used to be
one of your professors before I had to leave the college." The woman said as
Anne tried to remember.

"I'm sorry if I sound rude but can you please be more specific, you see my mom
was in the hospital and for the lest month all I can think about is her so maybe
if you can tell me more then I will remember." Anne said.

"Well, I used work at the campus psychology department's research units and I
made a research which was in the field of advertisement where a friend of yours,
Ms Barbara Derman, who used to be independent, intelligent, and resourceful
college coed of today took part of." Dr. Brigs said.

Suddenly Anne remembered, it all happened one year before she dropped out of
school and returned to Empire-city to become her mother's legal guardian when
her only friend at that time, Barbara Derman, needed money until she found a job
at the beginning of the second semester of their junior year which lasted until
the Summer of that year when she vanished.

Anne could remember how lonely she felt at college after Barbara vanished after
all it was hard for her being a declared lesbian and to have friends because
most of her "friends" left her and that was her situation until the day that she
dropped out of school and it was a pure luck that Gerri-Phillips was nice enough
to give her and her mother a second chance in life.

Anne tried to find her friend but her quest was cut short when she heard about
her mother's breakdown and that she needs help, she could still hear her mother
begging her to come home and to help her so that she won't be send to the "nut
house" and that she will be free.

"First of all: where is Barbara and what do you mean by 'who used to be
independent, intelligent, and resourceful college coed of today'?" Anne asked.

"Well, Barbara is right here with me and you'll have to see her in order of
answering the other part of your question." Dr. Brigs said.

"Can you provide me proofs that this is really Barbara?" Anne asked.

"What kind?" Dr. Brigs asked.

"Describe me how she looked BEFORE she vanished." Anne said.

"Ms. Barbara Derman was 20 years old, long rich brunette hair, brown eyes,
average height and weight, in very good health and with a grade point average
that put her in the top 10% of her class, she had a "C" cup, her waist will be
corseted down from it's thick 28 inch and she used to be heterosexual who used
to go out with selected men." Dr. Brigs said.

"And?" Anne asked.

"Well as I told you already she had a small breasts, Long rich black hair, big
waist with short hips and she was very smart... Other then that she was very
conservative and she never believed that she will love to be with women." Dr.
Brigs said.

"And?" Anne continued her line of questioning.

"Before I'll answer I have a question for you." Dr. Brigs said.

"What?" Anne said.

"What are you doing for living?" Dr. Brigs asked.

"I'm a lawyer." Anne said.

"Then please be patient with me and I will give you a psychological report about
what happened at the second semester." Dr. Brigs suggested.

"I'm listening." Anne said.

"Ms. Barbara was a woman of priorities, and right now her number one priority
was her education and career. Both were first and foremost on her agenda, and I
remember that she went through three changes:

The first one was making Barbara feel more relax in being restrained down into
the lab chair, you see she used to complain a lot and after six sessions Barbara
no longer complained about being tied down. That was a change that elated me
because I was able to see quantifiable results of that particular behavioral
change in her currently working computer model. My theories were being proven
correct and that excited her greatly, especially for what she had planned in
part two." Dr. Brigs began.

The second change was having Barbara wake up each morning later and later for
her daily exercising and as a result, about half way through the semester,
Barbara was no longer performing any exercises which resulted in a small change
in her body and no longer did Barbara have the physique of a hard body so you
see she was looking less like a sharp angled athlete and more like a soft,
curvaceous and voluptuous woman." Dr. Brigs said.

"I didn't get the last part, didn't she witnessed it?" Anne asked.

"Barbara witness the gradual change in her body and just wrote it off to being
too busy with more important area's of her life right now and didn't worry about
it as she figured she had all summer to get back into shape anyway, so a little
slackness in part of her life was no big deal." Dr. Brigs explained.

"And what was the third change?" Anne asked after a moment of silent.

"The third change that I made in Barbara was for her to have a better
appreciation for things that were more feminine, like sexy underwear and
cosmetics." Dr. Brigs said.

"And when the results arrived?" Anne asked.

"After about the twelfth session I asked Barbara again if she wanted that frilly
red bra and panty set I offered her once and this time Barbara accepted it,
reluctantly, but never-the-less she took it and actually wore it in the privacy
of her bedroom when she went to bed." Dr. Brigs concluded.

"Anything else?" Anne asked.

"Yes, she told me once that she wasn't into that kind of extreme girly sexy
things. If her great athletic and womanly body in the nude or wearing some
comfortable white cotton underwear wasn't good enough to get and hold a guys
attention in bed, then she wanted no part of such a guy who got off on slutty
dressed women and now you should see her." Dr. Brigs said and a smile appeared
on her face as she looked at Barbie who appeared from around the corner carrying
a mop and a bucket.

Barbie's entire body was covered from head to toe in hot pink rubber and the
only parts which remained open were her: eyes, body orifices and nipples which
were pierced and ringed too with a big shiny rings hanging down from long hard
erect nipples and over her mouth was inflatable bladder gag which was pumped
until there was a glassy eye look from Barbie's eyes in combination with a whole
head hardness with lots of thin black leather straps going around her pink latex
clad head as they were: buckled all nice and firm and she was dressed in a tight
latex maid's outfit with her huge tits barely contained inside with a black
leather corset which was uncomfortably tight under the outfit and that was when
Barbie suddenly felt a shock in both her Pussy and ass which meant that it's
time to lick her mistress and that she will be ready for work.

There was no clue to the woman that she used to be as Dr.  Brigs came true with
her promise and changed the helpless woman's demeanor as she turned into a
subservient slave, since her training Barbie was kept in the pink outfit and
after the surgeries that she went through there was no more a trace that will
say that she used to be Barbara Derman.

"Yep, that Barbara alright." Anne said.

"Your probably wondering what happened to her since you last saw her, right?"
Dr. Brigs asked.

"Yes." Anne replied.

"Well, one day she arrived into my office and wanted to stop but it was just to
late as I already had her under my control, then I explained to her that we have
'special interests' that we share." Dr. Brigs said proudly.

"And what those 'special interests' are?" Anne asked.

"Well, I like women but my sexual appetite is for a special type of woman. You
see I don't like the aggressive types, the proverbial biker dykes, or the
feminist woman of today. The women that I like are very feminine, the lipstick
powder puff type. I like bimbos! That's right my dear, I like busty, big hair,
small waist, broad hipped, dainty, air headed girly girls. Basically the
complete reverse of what Barbie used to be and I like them submissive and in all
sorts of fetish wear too. Mmmmmmmmm, I get so aroused just thinking about it and
I am happy to say that Barbara Derman became just that." Dr. Brigs said.

"Can you please call me in one hour after I will release ma from the hospital?"
Anne asked.

"I have a lecture at the Empire-City university in one hour so what won't you
come here and we'll meet, let's say at 17:00 after the day's work?" Dr. Brigs
offered.

"I'll be there." Anne said as both women hang the phone and Anne rested for the
rest of the drive.

Meanwhile at the other side of town Dr. Brigs watched her maid who was now
dusting.

Suddenly Dr. Brigs remembered seeing Barbie's bug eyed expression over inflated
hot pink cheeks and she got so excited right now.

And to top it off, Barbie's long blonde hair was pulled through a hole at the
top of her latex hood and braided into a long pony tail.

Barbara or Barbie as she was now known was under strict regime of brainwashing
as her mistress forced her to look at a special tape which lasted for an entire
hour and had subliminal massages which were so strong that there was no way that
Barbara was to escape from no matter how much she tried.

Poor Barbie's pussy and ass were filled with Long, fat, rubber dildoes for your
pussy and ass, much bigger than those that she used to wear, these were vibrate
and shock her remotely so that her mistress will be able to control her even
from afar.

After Barbie got comfortable with the size and the feeling of having them inside
of her ALL the time then her mistress   work out a code for her toy to follow:
One ass shock for turning left, one pussy shock for turning right, a vibrating
ass plug for backing up and a vibrating pussy plug for moving straight ahead and
one big ass shock to get you going and a equal or better shock to you pussy to
stop.

And when she had guests then she allowed them to play with Barbie through the
night like some wind up toy doll which was her statues now.

Barbie's once athletic build was replaced with one more becoming to a sex object
as her former "C" cup breasts turned into a "DD", her waist became corseted down
from it's thick 28 inch until it reached to a hour glass tiny 18 inch, and her
hips flared to a sexy curvy 38 inches as she was practicing each and every day
walking in gradually higher and higher heels until she was wearing 5 inch
stilettos and walking in hip swaying gyrating struts.

 Barbara's once brunette hair was colored and styled into a wonderful big blonde
bimbo stereotype and her face made her look like the proverbial emptied air
headed bimbo that as Doctor brigs once told her: "men fantasize to fuck but
would never ever marry." with big vacant puppy dog eyes, a cute little pixie
nose and a full set of voluptuous pouting lips aching to be kissed, or suck
something which in most of the time when Barbara did not serviced her mistress
or one of her friends then she had her mistress's panties in her mouth and she
sucked them as a reminder to what she was now after five years of sexual
slavery: a "thing" to be used by her mistress's whim.

As Dr. Brigs promised long ago she also used Barbara a hooker as she dressed her
toy up in shiny red rubber and black leather swaggering, Barbara was now used to
go around street corners trying her best to attract someone she can have sex
with for money.

Most of Barbara's regular clients were her mistress's friends who picked her up
and used her for the night, anyway they want.

Most of those clients were women just like Dr. brigs once told her so she spent
most of her time licking some strange woman's pussy or sucking, and pussy
fucking, some guys long fat hard cock all night long, deep throat a guy without
gagging and when she was bad then Barbara's punish was a gang bang of: cock
after cock after cock, or pussy after pussy after pussy and sometimes even both
and all of that was on tape so that they will be able to watch it together later
on as Barbie perform orally on my own pussy.

Barbie always planned to escape but she found that she can't after Dr. Brigs
took over her entire life.

Then Dr. Brigs came to Barbie and pressed the remote that shocks her slave which
made her slave to jump a bit and to bounce her breasts before Dr. brigs told
her: "well Barbie, it seems that we're going to have a friend for dinner so I
want you to set another plate for a 'colleague' of mine, the name of that person
is: Anne Smith, clear?"

"Yes mistress." Barbie said.

"I know that your body is still sore from the last punishment but this gang-bang
will teach you not to put that much salt in the soup next time." Dr. Brigs said.

"Yes mistress." Barbie replied.

"Now Barbie, for the next hour you will serve me and then I will put the gag
back into your mouth before I will go to work... while I will be there, Barbie I
want you to continue with the house work, the cooking, the cleaning and the
dusting not to mention that you still have to: do the laundry, cut the grass,
clean the toilets, do the windows, vacuum the carpets and the rest of your
chores, do you understand Barbie?" Dr. Brigs said.

"Yes mistress." Barbie replied.

"Again let me remind you that you are not allowed to leave this house, do you
understand Barbie?" Dr. Brigs said as she removed Barbie's outfit and began to
play with her pierced nipples.

"HHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA... Yes mistress, I will do as
you told me." Barbie said after Dr. Brigs twisted the rings in her nipples.

Then for the next Ten minutes Dr. Brigs began to pull and twist Barbie's nipples
before she took Barbie to her (Dr. Brigs's) bedroom where Barbie serviced her
mistress for the next hour and then when the hour was over then Dr. brigs
redressed Barbie in her maid outfit, put the gang in place and went to work
after she inflated it to it's now usual size.
	
* * * * * * *
Meanwhile at another side of the city at their clinic Morganna and Shyster dame
ate a late breakfast after they went to sleep very late and while they talked
Justy and Valky were under the table dressed in the shreds of their once proud
costume as they serviced their mistresses who were hardly able to keep their
mind on their conversation.

Morganna and Shyster dame thought that it was funny to see the two
ex-superheroines dressed this way as they showed the slave what was their place
in life after 12 years of being slaves.

Since Morganna met Shyster dame ten years ago the two became very close friends
who have lots of things in common but the most important of all was their love
to their job as a mistresses, which also connected them to Wendy while Leticia
on her part just wanted to torture and use Granny and Soapy.

Then Morganna asked Shyster dame: "So how the kid is doing?"

"She is fine, according to what I know she is on her way to get Lisa out of the
hospital." Shyster dame replied.

"Do you think that she will need something, Shysty?" Morganna asked.

"I really don't know, that girl is very unpredictable." Shyster dame replied.

"By the way, how does Lisa feels?" Morganna asked.

"She is just fine, there is no need to worry." Shyster dame assured her friends.

"It was very nice of her defending me with those cops." Morganna said.

Then just as Shyster dame was about to answer there was a bloodcurdling scream
and it was clear to all four women that Leticia was tormenting and punishing
soapy with the help of granny and if they were right then Leticia was now using
a pair of Pliers on Soapy's right nipple while Granny is doing the same to her
left.

Over the last Nine years since she was captured and turned into a slave, Granny
was becoming more and more like Leticia and no one knew if she did it because
she was afraid of Leticia or that the evil redhead got into her, in any case
granny became just like Leticia even though she feared her and was a submissive
slave whenever the women was in the room.

* * * * * * *
Anne arrived to her mother's hospital room after she finished her job with her
busty chauffer and she saw how Lisa was happy to see her as she was gently
placed in the wheelchair by a Blond nurse nurses who dropped to their knees once
they finished, then as Anne came closer to her mother she looked at the nurses
and she saw that each of them had a black dog collar around their necks and that
each had a stockings on their legs as she heard Lisa saying: "can you please
have Mona to close the door, pumpkin? I have something to show you."

"You heard ma." Anne said as she looked at Mona who immediately did as she was
told.

Then after the door was closed then Lisa said: "pumpkin, I want you to meet your
new slave: 'Mitsi' and she can become and excellent maid or that you can save
lots of money if you'll use her instead of that Boutique that you are going to
and if that's not enough then she can become your general slave instead of Mona
who will become your personal sex-slave." Lisa said as Mona dropped to her knees
and began to beg her mistress to agree until Anne had no choice but to make it
easier Lisa ordered Mitsi to take of her outfit and that was when Anne agreed
after she saw Mitsi's body.

Ten minutes later the door to Lisa's room was opened and out came Anne who
pushed her mother while Mona was from behind them as she took the luggage and
held a leash which was connected to a woman who wore a standard French maid's
uniform from rubber.

It's tight shinny bodice was edged in white frilly ruffles.

It's short black skirt lifted straight out by the many pretty white petticoats
underneath and it's associated accessories of: white apron, maid's cap and
ruffled wide choker with the word: "slut" in it finished the most becoming image
but under all that, each girl wore a complete black rubber catsuit with attached
gloves and hood.

A very form fitting hood to which holes were made for their eyes, mouth and
nostrils.

The woman's mouth was packed full of something, a thick an inflatable bladder
type with holes running through the center. These were blown up so huge that the
helpless woman looked like a Hamster with food pouches pack to bursting; it was
so bloated that who ever looked at her could no longer see the lower part of her
eyes any more. 

Then as they checked out the helpless woman gave a fight but she was no match
for Mona who wanted to please her mistress so that she will use her later on.

Then after a long 10 minutes of walking they got to a van where Anne put Mona
and Mitsi in the back together with: 'twit', 'twat', Charlene, 'Muffee',
Kitty-Kitty and Karol who Mystique gave her as a present, then Anne closed the
door after she ordered her 6 professional slaves to start mitsi's training.

Then Anne helped her mother to get into the van before she went to the driver
seat and started the car.

* * * * * * *
the hour was now 13:00 and Barbie knew that it was time for the usual TV time so
she went to the TV room where she stripped of her maid's outfit, and then after
taking of her gag, Barbie copied her mistress as she situated herself in the
correct position after attaching a few more metal disks to monitor other private
parts of her completely nude body.

Then she connected both dildoes to their corresponding shafts that protruded
from the chair at just the right angle, then Barbie pulled a final piece of
equipment into place, it was a long penis shaped dildo on the end of a flexible
stand which she placed it so it's head and small centered hole was right in
front of Barbie's clenched lips but still did not obstruct Barbie's view of the
television.

Barbie remembered how she used to force her head back into the head rest as far
as it would go in trying to escape that damnable thing an\d to make troubles for
the psycho and a tear rolled down her face as she remembered that it was still a
mere fraction of a inch away from her tender luscious lips.

Then Barbie moved arms so that her hands were covering each of her full beasts
as she remembered what her mistress told her a long time ago:

"Now my dear, this is what's going to happen. You are going to watch a series of
videos, X-rated ones. The first one will show a woman having intercourse with a
man. You are to watch the video from the woman's perspective, even to the point
of mimicking her movements and sounds. If you want to moan and groan more than
she does feel free to do so. When her breasts are touched, fondled and massaged
you will do the same to your own, even when the man does it to her. When he
begins thrusting his cock in and out of her wet pussy the chair device your
pussy dildoe is connected to will do the same. In short my precious sex toy, for
all intent and purposes, you will be that fucked over woman in the movie. Kind
of interesting isn't it my little love muffin.

The next film will be of another woman having anal sex with a guy, and of course
you will copy her behavior to a tee as the both of you are butt fucked in
unionism. Once again the connected dildoe up your butt will match what you see
in the picture. The film after that will be of a woman giving a guy oral sex.
That is why this fake cock is so close to your mouth. You will give this dildoe
the exact same blow job the woman gives that guy, and you will enjoy doing it
too, or at least act like you do. Even though I know you believe woman should
never lower themselves into performing oral sex, you will soon suck this cock
like it was the most natural thing for a woman to do. Do you understand me
Barbie kinds?

The final movie will be a woman getting a gang bang. A whole bunch of guys will
be fucking her in all three holes at the same time. You of course will get and
perform the same way. Now, for your sake, I hope you decided to go with the
flow. Hell, you might even have an orgasm, or two, or three, or. But whether you
have an orgasm or not is unimportant, what is important is for you to imitate
those women's behavior as best you can. This is the beginning of your training
as a slut, a cum hole, and sex toy for others. You will run through each video
several times until I see you have mastered your new trade. After that, we will
shut down the equipment and go home.

Tomorrow will be another day with a quick review of today with something else
new to learn. That is how the entire summer is going to be, review of what was
and experience something new, just like school. Instead of a rich variety of
academic professors training and educating your mind for a future of your own
creation, "I" am going to train and educate your mind, body and soul for a
destiny of "MY" choosing. And of course change your entire life in the process."

And then as she remembered what her mistress told her the next day another tear
rolled down her face as she turned the monitors on and for the next few hours
Barbie was once again under the influence of Dr. Brigs's subliminal massages and
in each time that she used it Barbie sealed her way out of her sexual slavery.

A few hours passed when the doctor entered the room and she was accompanied by a
stunning blonde who pushed a woman on a wheelchair as her doll and lab rat was
finishing up on yet another of her many training lessons in servicing men and
women alike as Barbie was watching and emulating the woman being gang banged on
the television.

All three of her orifices were being fucked by three artificial manly cocks that
the good doctor provided for her while the doctor stood behind Barbie's head
watching her Barbie Doll deep throat the rubber cock in front of her as she was
doing an excellent job of mimicking every move of the woman in the video and she
could see how Anne became more and more furious.

Then Dr. Brigs took hold of Barbie's hands from her breasts and laid them back
on the chair's arm rest and she was delighted that she didn't have to give a
verbal order to do so as she considered it as another successfully obstacle in
the mind control ladder was accomplished by a little adjustment in the good
doctor's model.

Again she smile in pleasant satisfaction while Lisa saw how her daughter was
about to kill the mysterious woman, then Anne whispered to her mom: "I have a
deal to close with the good doctor mom, please wait for me here and enjoy the
show." Then Lisa signaled her daughter to come closer to her and whispered: "go
pumpkin, you have a pet to require... my only sorrow is that I'm not capable of
doing this for you..." then Anne kissed her mother and went out of the room with
Dr. Brigs as they left Lisa with the doll.

Then a few minutes later when the movie ended and the TV went blank then Barbie
began to rest after she was "fucked" for a five hours without a stop and that
was when she saw the woman in the wheelchair and as she looked around she saw
that the room was almost empty but she didn't say a thing.

Then the door opened and there at the step were: Anne, Dr. Brigs and Mona who
was still dressed in her chauffer's outfit.

Then Barbie heard Dr. Brigs saying: "Barbie, that's your new mistress: Mistress
Anne, from now on you'll do as she say or else you will be punished and we don't
want that to happen, right?"

"Yes, mistress." Barbie replied.

"You will show her the same respect that a slut like you should do, well it was
nice to talk with you." Dr. Brigs said before she kissed Barbie and removed her
from the chair.

Then Barbie looked at her new mistress and she recognized her: "Anne..."

SLAP.

"So tell me bitch: do you remember when we were in college and you used to talk
about me behind my back as I was the only one who was less important then you
because my mom was a slave?" Anne asked.

"Yes, mistress." Barbie replied.

"How did you know about ma?" Anne asked.

"Mom told me, mistress." Barbie replied.

"And who is your mom?" Anne asked.

"My mother's name is: Elizabeth Derman, mistress." Barbie replied.

"Who is that?" Anne asked.

"The bitch who used to torture me on a daily basic in my training period, I
remember how she used to laugh when she heard me scream when she used to torture
me in some sadistic torment." Lisa told Anne.

"Ho really." Anne said with en evil smirk as she looked at Barbie who was very
different from what she used to be in the last time that they met.

Suddenly Anne had a great idea as she ordered Barbie to go under Lisa's dress
and to licked her until they were ready to leave, then Anne took of the outfit
that Barbie was dressed in with the help of Mona until Barbie stood there naked
and then Anne came closer to her and played with her pierced nipples before she
took Mona to a separate room while Barbie got under Lisa's dress and began to
please her as she was trained.

Meanwhile in the other room Anne fucked Mona after she informed her that from
now on she will become her lover and the responsible for Barbie's discipline who
will become her Barbie doll until the end of the day with the new tapes that Dr.
Brigs gave her and that was when Mona understood that Anne had something very
nasty planned for Barbie.

Then one hour later Anne and Mona reentered the room and just then Barbie stood
and Anne saw from the way that Lisa was twitching in her chair that she just did
the best deal in her life as she came to where Barbie stood and that was when
she saw that Barbara Derman was no longer and that her athletic build was
replaced with one more becoming to a sex object: her breasts went from a "C" cup
to a "DD", her waist who once used to be a thick 28 inch turned into a hour
glass tiny 18 and her hips flared to a sexy curvy 38 inches.

Barbie's brunette hair was colored and styled in a wonderful big blonde bimbo
stereotype and her face made are look like a proverbial empty air headed bimbo
with her big vacant puppy dog eyes, a cute little pixie nose, and a full set of
voluptuous pouting lips aching to be kissed or to suck something.

Then Anne began to prepare Barbie for the trip home in the exact same way that
Dr. Brigs did when she got her: first Anne bound her nude toy with those cloth
Velcro straps, then Barbie's arms were bound together behind her back and again
to her torso.

Another set of cloth restraints were used to hold the two metal dildoes that
Anne told Barbie to put on deeply inside her two lower orifices while her upper
legs above her knees were held together with another tight strap, then Anne told
Barbie to slip her feet in three inch high heel shoes before a long trench coat
was wrapped and fastens around Barbie's bound form, thus hiding it to the casual
observer.

A final article of clothing for Barbie to wear was Lisa's panties, fully soaked
with her sexual juices panties and these Barbie wore inside her mouth, all of
it, packed deep in her horrified teary eyed succulent mouth.

Then Anne told her to keep her lips sealed around it and to try and suck every
last drop of her sweat nectar down her throat by the time they arrive to her
house and Barbie complied with disgust and repugnance as her mouth actively
chewed and her throat muscles swallowed as much as they could.

Then Anne said goodbye to Dr Brigs and escorted Barbie to the van and then after
Anne helped her mom to get into the van they both drove off into the setting
sun.

Anne cheerful and optimistic expectations of seeing a dream soon to be realized
as she will teach that bitch how it's like to be mocked and ridiculed while the
other was in numbing shock, terrorized to the bone with fear as to what the next
day might bring as she was forced to sit between and Anne and Lisa who pulled
Barbie to he lap and began to spank the dumb doll's ass while she listened to
Mitsi's screams as the former nurse was once again raped by the other more
professional slaves.

One hour later when they got to the house the slaves began to take all of
Barbie's "stuff" into a room which was perfect while Mona pushed Lisa to the
kitchen and Anne took Barbie to a "little chat":

"You may congratulate me, Slut! The State Bar Commission has cleared me of all
charges that were thrown at us for being associated with known criminals and
finely reinstated me! I can practice law again! You see after the sudden
disappearance of our mayor, Mrs. Lora will, it seems the case completely
evaporated!  Isn't that wonderful? Now I know how my boss felt when she was
cleared." Anne said with a smile while Barbie hung her head in disgust as she
couldn't believe that the daughter of her mother's slave was now her mistress
and that successful, but worse was to come.

"In fact, new evidence has turned up, from some mysterious source, 'proving'
that it was one Barbara Derman, who was guilty in there's a warrant out for her
arrest, and the 'narcs' have impounded your house and car, and everything else
you own! You see it seems some more evidence turned up, that you were involved
in drug money laundering! Tough Break, Barbie, you better be very nice to Ma and
I, or we may have to turn you over to the authorities, is that clear?" Anne
asked Barbie.

Then as Barbie sobbed in despair, at the destruction of her reputation and her
only escape route, Anne ordered her: "Say: 'Hello Anne. My name is Barbie.'!"

"Hello A-Anne..." she stuttered, trying vainly to rub her crotch against the
blonde.

"My name is... is B-Barabie."

"Why..." Selene released her grip and dropped her hand to the other woman's
crotch rubbing her pussy through her skirt while Barbie moaned and pushed her
hips forward.

Anne resisted for a moment, giving Barbie the pressure she desired so much and
then moved her hand away.

"... That doesn't sound much like a Barbie." She rubbed again for a moment and
then pulled her hand away again as Barbie whimpered in frustration.

"The Barbie I know has a much higher voice, she sounds like the little girl she
is... I can still remember her on the doctor's chair." Anne said.

Then after she saw that she had no choice Barbie whined in frustration and
humiliation, recalling the little girl voice she had used on the chair.

"Try it again!" Anne ordered.

"Hello Anne, My name is Krista." Christina repeated, speaking in a little girl's
breathy voice.

"Better, but it's 'Miss Anne' to a little girl like you." Anne told her.

Barbie didn't even wait to be told.

"Hello Miss Anne, My name is Barbie." she whined.

Then Anne laughed at her former friend.

"Good Barbie, that's your 'Krista voice' from now on, Understand?" she chuckled.

"Yes Miss Anne." Christina panted obediently, jerking her hips forward at Anne's
hand.

Then without another word, Anne brought her lips down to barbie's face in a
fierce kiss. Moaning in passion, the blonde woman accepted the kiss, bringing
her arms up around the black woman and pulling her closer.

Immediately, Anne pulled her mouth away.

"Keep your hands clasped behind your back, Barbie!" Anne ordered.

Barbie looked up at her, dazed.

"But..." she tried to speak.

"Do it! and don't forget the voice." Anne insisted, pulling her other hand away
from the woman's crotch.

"Yes Miss Anne." Barbie said with her voice.

Then Barbie put her arms behind her back and clasped her hands together.

Suddenly, she shuddered as a thrill of lust ran through her body at the
submissive act but didn't have time to contemplate it as the black woman went to
work on her.

The two women kissed, the black woman's tongue aggressively searching out and
toying with that of the moaning blonde as Anne's right hand roamed up and down
Barbie's back while her left hand grabbed hold of the blonde woman's trenchcoat
and ripped it open, scatting buttons across the living room.

Suddenly Barbie's moans raised to a fever pitch as she felt the other woman's
hands teasing and playing with her rock hard nipples and then with her rings as
she ached to reach around and pull the other woman close to her, to wrap her
legs around the other woman's waist and squeeze her tight but knew that the
moment she moved her hands from behind her back, the other woman would pull
away.

So all she could do was writhe and moan and wriggle in the other woman's grasp,
giving Anne complete control of her body letting the woman play her like a
finely tuned instrument.

Suddenly it became clear to Barbie that Anne knew what she was doing as if that
was one of her methods of gaining control: first Lisa is incharge of making the
woman horny and easy and then Anne breaks their spirit and their will unless it
is someone like her and Mitsi who being treated in much complicated way.

Time and again she brought the whimpering blonde to a near climax only to back
off at the last moment.

"What's your name?" she whispered, her tongue exploring the other woman's neck.

"Oh..." The blonde twisted and bucked, parting her legs to give the black woman
complete access.

"...my name is Barbie... Miss Anne... oh, please... please..." Barbie began to
cry.

Helpless under Anne's expert touch, the blonde slave moaned her little girl name
over and over again, in her little girl voice, begging for the release that she
so desperately needed.

"Oh, please..."

Tears ran from her green eyes to mingle with the glistening tracks left by the
black woman's tongue on her face.

Her huge and firm breasts bounced and jiggled wildly, peeking out from her torn
coat as she bounced herself up and down... up and down... on Anne's finger as it
mercifully slid in and out of her sopping pussy... rubbing against her inflamed
clit until, finally, her world exploded in a riot of lust and pleasure, spiced
with pain and humiliation as her body shook with an incredibly intense orgasm.

Head thrown back, moaning and panting her new name in her new voice, she threw
herself against Anne as a second and then third wave of pleasure crashed over
her body, sweeping her under and carrying her up... up...

"Oh god..." Barbie let out a final shudder and slumped back against the
doorframe.

Finely Anne released her grasp and the young blonde slowly slid down the side of
the door until she sat with her back against the frame. 

Then Anne smiled as she looked down at her and by her looks Anne knew that she
owned her: the blonde's mouth was open and panting; her wide, brown eyes were
empty and vacant, staring blankly upwards as the final tremors of orgasm swept
through her body soaking body and that was when Anne knelt down besides her
doll.

Barbie's brown eyes focused on Anne, kneeling in front of her.

"Oh god, that was... I..." she repeated.

"Shhh... That was just the beginning." Anne shook her head, smiling.

Barbie looked puzzled.

"But, I..."


Anne frowned as she reached forward, grabbed the blonde woman's nipples and
twisted viciously and Barbie let out a squeal and tried to squirm away, but
Anne's grip was firm.

"You've forgotten already? This is going to be a long night." Releasing one of
the girl's nipples, Anne grabbed a handful of blonde hair and twisted her
captive's head around until it faced the wall mirror in the bedroom.

"Look!" she commanded.

Barbie looked.

She saw herself: her wavy, blonde hair teased, tousled and matted with sweat;
her eyes, open and vacant in a face still glistening with sweat and spittle; her
small breasts, red and abused jiggling from behind the torn fabric of her
blouse; her slender legs spread wide and inviting on the floor; her work skirt
bunched up at her waist, exposing her gaping pussy and wet, glistening thighs...

"Take a good look, that's not a Barbara Derman... that's my little Barbie. My
little lesbian toy... a Barbie doll who loves - who needs - to have her pussy
stroked by other women... who's going to learn all about pleasing me with her
tongue... who's going..." Anne hissed, her mouth inches from the blonde's ear.

The blonde woman began to pant as a fresh wave of lust arose within her at Anne
as the feel of Anne pinching her breast: pain at first, had become pleasure, and
she felt an ache burning in her pussy... spreading upwards...

"...do you understand?" Anne asked.

Barbie understood as she turned away from the mirror.

"I'm sorry, Miss Anne." she whispered, speaking in her little girl voice as she
clasped her hands behind her back, offering up her body for the other woman's
use.

Then Anne wasted no time. Dropping one hand to the blonde woman's pussy, she
leaned forward and brought her lips to the young blonde's face for a long,
passionate kiss and when their lips finally parted, Barbie was panting and
squirming on the floor.

"That's alright, Barbie, You're a good girl, aren't you?" Anne murmured, her
face inches away from Barbie's glazed, Brown eyes.

"Yes, Miss Anne, I'm a good girl." Barbie whispered, eyes wide.

"You'll learn?" Anne asked.

"Yes, Miss Anne." Barbie replied as Anne leaned forward and slapped her.

Then as Barbie sobbed in despair Anne continued to chortle:  "Now, that I'm
reinstated to practice law again I decided to have a full time chauffer like  my
boss so you will become my chauffeur, from now on!  Always wanted a chauffeur
with big boobs! You might as well start your new duties today!  You can drive me
to the police so that I will be able to get more information and to testify on
you." Anne said as she walked to her desk and return with a contract which said
that Barbara will become her "personal-assistant" which means that Anne will now
own her.

Then she returned to her desk where she opened a small jeweled casket and then
after she took a phallus out she strapped the fearsome object within the casket
on her waist. 

Sunk in despair, it was a moment before Barbie noticed what her tormentor was up
to.

Now, the horrifying sight of Anne's Trollish Phallus bobbing between Shyster
Dame's thighs, devastated her as Anne informed her: "when ma was in collage that
was the same phallus that your mother used on her to break her and to make her
"easier" to gain excess with, she was dumb enough to sell this thing with mom as
a reminder for the "good ol' days" and now it is a poetic Justice that the same
phallus who destroyed ma will be used on the daughter of her tormentor, don't
you think so?" Anne asked Barbie.

It was the same terrible instrument that Anne used so brutally, to break the
will of Pinky and Mona before she enslaved them to her dominion. 

Suddenly Barbie's head swam dizzily, and she slumped to her knees, nearly
swooning in revulsion and terror.

Anne deliberately misinterpreted Barbie's near swoon just like her boss did to
the Silver Valkyrie ten years ago (see Morganna's Clinic GW) and forced Barbie
to suck it.

Barbie jerked her head back in horror, at Anne's obscene suggestion but Dr.
Brigs's long abuse (both physically and mentally) had destroyed her will to
resist cruel domination as the broken spirited ex member in the feminist
protested in heart rending whimpers but when Anne thrust the monstrous Phallus
in her face, Barbie obediently took it in her mouth and sucked on it, though the
effort nearly suffocated her.

When Anne was fully satisfied, that the weeping, choking Barbie had sufficiently
degraded herself, she hauled the half swooning doll to her feet, and brutally
rammed the giant phallus into her body, Dr. Brigs had fiendishly conditioned the
proud feminist to respond to the dildo's domination like the kind of woman who
Barbie used to fight against and never excepted them as women when they were in
college but soon Barbie was grunting and moaning in the throes of hateful sexual
arousal.

The end of part 2.

Note_1: this is a pure fantasy and ALL of the characters and the events are
made-up.
Note_2: Shyster dame and Morganna Morgul are being used with GW's permission.
Note_3: Barbie, Dr. Brigs, Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee and Karol are being used
with Musker's permission.
Note_3: the discussion between Anne and Barbie is used with Parker's permission.




From a mayor to a slave, part 3
By the outsider.
Lisa starts to work as the receptionist in Shyster dame's office after Anne
suggested it to her boss while Barbie is being trained and used while Anne as a
meeting with Ada-dark and her slaves.

Part 3 - The new receptionist.

It's being a month since Anne bought her doll from Dr. Brigs who made a deal
with Anne who allowed her to continue her research on Barbie and so for the
entire month Barbie got an increased dose of mind programming and today was no
exception after Anne and Dr. Brigs signed on a contract which said that Barbie
belongs to Anne who allows the doctor to use her.

Barbie's new room was shared with the rest of slaves that Anne got as a present
from Mystique and it was down in the basement where there was a role of 6 cages
(twit and twat shared a cage after they were trained to be a lesbian sex-slaves)
in the size of a washing machine inside a room which was called by the slaves
as: "the dungeon" because it was full in torture equipments.

Next to that room where the slaves were kept was the room of Dr. Brigs in which
she monitored Barbie's progress and also used to sleep.

Barbie once again woke inside her cage to the sound and the feeling of the
vibrators inside her Pussy and her ass which was red after Anne spanked it for
an entire hour last night after she failed to serve a few of her now regular
"Johns" as she joined Granny and worked under Suzy-Wang's guidelines and her
breasts tied with a rope above her cup-less leather bra which went over her
shoulder down to her ass, in her ass it was placed in her crack as it went
between her legs straight into her crouch and from there it was attached to her
collar but the door to the cage was open as always as both miss Anne and her
knew that she won't try to escape after all of the subliminal massages that Anne
and Dr. Brigs put her through.

Then she looked at her sides and so that as always she was the one who woke the
earliest (over the last month Barbie was trained to wake up at 06:00 before miss
Anne got into the room and used her after she took her out of the cage), then
Barbie began to cry as she thought about what she could be if she never got the
job at that dammed semester: she could be in Anne's shoes or even in a bigger
company and to crush Anne and her Boss, Geri Phillips, who she used to dream on
working for.

Then the door to her room was opened at 06:00 and as always Miss Anne came into
the room and after taking Barbie out of the cage, Anne forced her to lick her
shoes for 5 minutes, Barbie was forced to service her as Anne set on her face
first with her ass in Barbie's face for the next 55 minutes and then with
Barbie's pussy at her face until it was 08:00 when she went to work after she
released her from the bondage Anne reached down and began to play with Barbie's
clit before Anne took a paper out of her pocket and then as she handed it to
Barbie Anne said: "Barbie, I decided that from now on you will have a specific
schedule to work with so I wrote this list for you, read it!"

"Yes Miss Anne... a schedule for my toy:

Pussy licking according to my instruction and only for those that I agree.
Blow jobs according to my instruction and only for those that I agree.
Being with Dr. Brigs for mind re-programming 9 hours.
Servicing me for 10-15 hours.
French Maid service for 16 hours.
Modeling fetish wear for 24 hours after being told.
Modeling bondage wear for 24 hours after being told.
Ballerina foot training 2 hours.
Pony-Girl training 4 hours.
Puppy-Dog training 4 hours.

Note: Barbie, you'll remain naked as the only thing that you will wear will be
your collar unless I'm telling you something else... by the way I decided to be
nice to you and to give you a little break in your miserable life: if you will
finish with your training (our little project of changing you does not being
count as a part of your trainings) in less then 5 months and you will stick to
them then I will let you to re-wear your pink suit." That was a lie because Anne
had other plans for the air-head bimbo who stood there infront of her.

But in other thoughts she might let the slut to wear the suit before her mother
will join Barbie as another mindless slave but her owner will be: Lisa who will
love to have her under her control and to get the revenge that she wanted.

"Do you have any questions?" Anne said.

"No Miss Anne." Barbie said smiling for the first time since she became Anne's
toy, them after a few minutes of silence Anne began to play with Barbie's
pierced nipples before she pulled and twist them hard and then after she was
convinced that Barbie suffered enough she stuffed a dildo into  Barbie's ass and
another into her pussy before sending her to the next room which became the
doctor's private office where she was greeted by Dr. Brigs which was sterile and
full of research equipment and off to the side was the well padded industrial
type beauticians chair facing directly into a hanging television set.

The doctor motioned her to sit down in the chair so things could get started, as
always Barbie was a bit apprehensive with the sterile-ness of it all but once
again she found herself relaxing to the situation with the help of the good
doctor's pleasant personality and the knowledge that she'll be punished if she
won't co-operate so she sat in the chair and noted how her body slowly sank into
the soft cushions of the chair.

The first thing the doctor did was to fasten, with Velcro, a wide black cloth
like strap across her chest, above and below her breasts. This was to monitor
her respiration. Associated straps at her waist, thighs and ankles where also
fasten in order to keep her body still while the other devices took accurate
readings of her body's functions. Next, the back of her head was gently placed
into a cup like head rest and another cloth strap was wrapped around her
forehead holding her entire head still and facing the TV set. The doctor told
her this was necessary as there where two special high tech cameras on top of
the television that would be focused on the pupils of her eyes. They would
follow her eye movement and thus echo back where her sight of interest was while
the commercials played through.

Two more wide bands of cloth circle both of her upper arms and held them to the
back of the chair's cushioned arm rest, these where blood pressure cuffs that
would be monitoring her pressure throughout the experiment.

Her wrists too where fasten to the arms of the chair which would measure pulse
rate as Barbie wondered why there was two of each, but before she could ask the
good doctor told her the redundancy was necessary for accuracy, reliability and
statistic analysis. Being a former "A" student Barbie knew how important good
true readings were especially when used in conjunction with some heavy
statistical numbers crunching.

She hoped that Dr Brigs would later share with her the details of the experiment
even though she knew that the only one to see them other then the board was Anne
and Barbie was very curious about anything that Anne could use in the future in
case she will regain control over her life in order of keeping her in her
current career as a brainless bimbo.

Next, several small circular pieces of metal where taped to her skin all over
her body, from head, arms, chest all the way down her thighs and legs. Long thin
multicolored wires lead from them to a small box off to the side. These would be
measuring body temperature, EKG, EEG, and assorted other body electrical
signals.

Then the doctor looked at her nude, wired up lab rat with hungry eyes. It was no
longer necessary to bind Barbara down to the chair. A simple command of "stay"
to Barbie was all that was necessary.

Then the Doctor pulled a final piece of equipment into place. It was a long
penis shaped dildo on the end of a flexible stand. She placed it so it's head
and small centered hole was right in front of Barbara's clenched lips but still
did not obstruct Barbara's view of the television. Barbara forced her head back
into the head rest as far as it would go in trying to escape that damnable
thing, but it was still a mere fraction of a inch away from her tender luscious
lips.

Then she connected both dildoes to their corresponding shafts that protruded
from the chair at just the right angle and then Dr. Brigs pulled the final piece
of equipment into place, it was a long penis shaped dildo on the end of a
flexible stand which she placed it so it's head and small centered hole was
right in front of Barbie's clenched lips but still did not obstruct Barbie's
view of the television and once again Barbie was on her way for hours of sex
just like Anne planned when she wrote the contract: Barbie was Anne's
personal-slave and as such she had to serve any 24/7/364 but since she had to be
kept broken and Dr. Brigs needed a lab rat then both parties came to an
agreement that whenever Anne went to work then Barbie will show up at Dr.
Brigs's and will be trained.

On her part Barbie liked to be with Dr. Brigs who was nice to her while Miss
Anne was very mean to her as she used to punish Barbie all the time as she kept
her naked accept for her usual collar, leash and slave-bracelets while the only
times that she used to dress her was when Barbie went out of the house which was
not very often.

Suddenly the door opened just as Barbie was on the middle of emulating the girl
on the TV who was in the middle of a gang-bang when: twit, twat, Karol,
Kitty-Kitty and Charlene entered the room.

Then without a word: twit began to lick and suck her right toe while twat did
the same to the left toe, Charlene began to lick her right breast without being
slept by Barbie's hands who massaged her boobs like crazy as she reached another
orgasm while Karol did the same to the other breast as Kitty-Kitty began to lick
her face.

Then as she looked at them Dr. Brigs understood what was happening: Anne wanted
to turn Barbie's state to a permanent one and to make sure that no one will be
able to save her so she gave her bigger dose of stimulations with the help of
her slaves who form now on will be there on a permanent basic and daily status.

* * * * * * * *
Geri Phillips set in her office with the naked Valkie under the table slobbering
on her shoe which was deep inside the former superheroine after an entire hour
in which she licked it while her evil mistress looked at the new receptionist
who arrived with her daughter and looked very cheerful even after she heard the
news that she won't be able to walk anymore and yet she looked happier then ever
before.

Then the receptionist left her post where Pinky was under and rolled to Geri's
office and asked: "Miss Phillips, can I have a word with you?"

"Sure Lisa, come on in." Geri said.

"I want to take you for everything that you did for Anne, it's bean rough two
months on her and thank to the fact that I knew that you were there for her then
I was able to get well so fest... you see miss Phillips Anne is all I have and
if I had to be worried about her then I was still at the hospital or dead but
you were there for her at the worst time of her life and I wish to thank you for
everything that you did for her." Lisa said and smiled at Geri.

"Anne is a very special girl, Lisa and I was very lucky to meet her when I did
because she brought with her something that was missing with the other interns
that I used to have." Geri said.

"What's that if I can ask Miss Phillips?" Lisa asked.

"Talent, she was an undiscovered diamond and I was lucky that I found that
diamond before someone else did... I guess that the only two lawyers who were
better then her are me and the former District Attorney Ulrica Wodden who
vanished after she was involved in drug money laundering and a few other crimes
during the last decade." Geri said as she pulled her shoe out of Valky's mouth
and began to rub the drool over her slave's bare pussy as the helpless woman
began to quietly sob like a baby.

"Can you so me another favor, Miss Phillips?" Lisa asked.

"What?" Geri asked.

"Can you please thank Miss Morgul, Wendy and Mrs. Morgul for the way that they
treated Anne?" Lisa asked.

"Of course, but what about you?" Geri asked.

"What about me, Miss Phillips?" Lisa asked.

"We were concern about you and especially after Anne told us that you won't be
able to walk, so how are you doing?" Geri asked Lisa with an embraced tone in
her voice.

Meanwhile Anne just returned from court with Mona and she heard her mother
replying to Geri's answer: "Don't be embraced miss Phillips, I can't walk and
that is a fact but I can still function with the mental problems that I have and
since I don't like to be home while poor Anne needs to work for me in order of
keeping the house then I want to work so that I won't cause her any financial
problems especially now when she has to work so hard for paying to my treatments
it's not right."

"You are right Lisa but let me be Anne for a moment and to try to explain how
Anne sees things from where I see, again I'm not going to be Anne just to bring
her side." Geri said.

"Please do." Lisa said.

Then as Geri began to talk Anne shook her head as she agreed with every word:
"You are Anne's mom and she cares for you, after you had your mental breakdown
Anne was in a state of shock and didn't knew what to do... so she decided that
she will give you a second chance in life which as your legal guardian she can
do so after you're being shot at and lying in the hospital she goes for her boss
and asks to have bigger clients so that she will have enough money to support
you while in the meantime she is going on a "crusade" to restore your owner as
she was inspired by Morganna Morgul who told her all about her family tradition
and it's all for you."

"You are right Miss Phillips but you are forgetting one thing." Lisa said.

"What's that?" Geri asked.

"Anne as a noble boss who takes her and turns her from a student with troubles
and no good mother into a young lady..." Lisa was interacted by Anne who jumped
into the office.

"I'm sorry ma but I couldn't take it anymore, you are my mom and you will always
be my mother first before: my job, my friends, my slaves and even before Miss
Phillips who I love like I love you, no offence." Anne said.

"None taken." Geri said.

"The only reason for me to do something in your name is my love for you, I
remember how you used to run for me when I was a little girl even though your
body was so weak from the way that you were tortured until I was born and yet
you ran, when I was band from a trip because of the fact that you used to be a
slave then you took me on a trip of my own and the list of what you did for me
is so long that we won't live enough time but I remember everything ma and that
means that I will never let anyone to hurt you again, now if you will accuse me
I'm going to have a meeting with Miss Ada dark." Anne said and then before she
left the room she kissed her mother on her head and then after she left Lisa
once again thanked Geri and returned to her station while Geri thrust the other
shoe deeper and deeper into her mouth, until it was lodged halfway down her
throat as the humiliated Valky began to lick the shoe just like she did the
other.

* * * * * * * *
Meanwhile at the basement Barbie was watching and emulating the woman being gang
banged on the television as all three of her orifices were being fucked by three
artificial manly cocks that the good doctor provided for her and still after all
of this time in which Barbie was Dr. Brigs's doll she still tried to gain
control over her body but she could not control it.

She tried countless times to stop sucking on that damn dildoe, or to get out of
the chair, or simply not watch those obscene videos but not once did she have
any success, so even if she did get lucky and knock out the doctor or one of the
slaves with a hard fist to the side of their head, what good would it do if she
couldn't get out of the chair.

No, she will bide her time, wait for that one key moment when the Dr Brigs lets
down her guard, or another bug in her system is discovered by Barbie and then
she will act and without mercy even though she knew that she will fail of doing
so after all of the brainwash that she was through since becoming: Barbie doll
and no one was able to save her.

Suddenly the door opened and Mitsi came into the room with the zipper in her
crouch open, then she came to the doctor and slowly began to strip her of her
cloths in slow motions as she slowly moved her body, teasing both the doctor and
Barbie who suddenly realized what Mitsi trying to do (most of the time Barbie
was as smart as a rock unless miss Anne was out of the room) and she liked to
see it because the evil woman who turned her into this Bimbo is about to get
what she deserves and as she thought about it she massaged her nipples so hard
that they became so stiff that it hurt her.

Then Mitsi grabbed Dr. Brigs's right boob and began to tease if: first the
nipple, then the aureole, then the whole breast, top and bottom, from there
Mitsi slowly began to do the same to the left boob before she began to lick
every inch between Dr. Brigs's boobs, then Mitsi slowly licked Dr. Brigs's neck.

Once Mitsi finished with the neck she slowly licked Dr. Brigs's face until she
reached to her lips and that was when she gave her a long, wet kiss as she
pushed her tongue into Dr. Brigs's mouth which had better taste then the one of
her owner's (Lisa's) panties so she tried to take her time before she slowly
began to lick every inch of her back down to her ass.

Once she reached Dr. Brigs's ass she first licked her the doctor's eight cheek,
then her left and when she licked her ass they heard Barbie moaning as she tried
to get free from her bonds and to shake of the other slaves and Anne's control
over her: mind, body, soul and will but after all of this time in which she was
under a strict regime of brainwashing there was no way out but all she was able
to do was to massage her stiff nipples.

Then Mitsi licked Dr. Brigs between her legs until she reached her Pussy and
from there she licked Dr. Brigs's entire body and when she finished both women
fell to the floor while Barbie was in the middle of a gang-bang which was a mix
of women and man and all of her body was in motion as she remembered how she
used to be and she was sure that if she saw her now then and that she still was
free then she thought that she was a slut.

Then Dr. Brigs looked into the slave's eyes and saw herself reflected there as
she heard Mitsi moaning as she hated this part in her new life before she looked
at the chair laughed when she saw how ridicules Barbie looked as she was fucked
by both the machine and her slaves, then Mitsi stood up and began to lick the
tormented And humiliated Barbie's neck.

* * * * * * * *
Meanwhile in the other part of the city Anne and her chauffer, Mona, arrived to
dark mansion's gate where two heavily armed guards stopped the car.

Then one of the guards approached the car and when he stood a few feet from the
car Anne opened her window and the guard asked her: "who are you and what are
you doing here?"

"My name is: Anne Smith and I am Miss Dark's lawyer, she called me on the phone
and got an appointment." Anne replied.

"Are you Anne from the Phillips firm?" the guard asked.

'Yes." Anne replied.

"And the name of your boss is Geri Phillips?" the guard asked.

"Yes, that's Phillips with a P." Anne replied annoyed with the line of
questioning.

"Please follow the road until the front door and please don't move from the
road." the guard said as the gate opened and the car began to move.

On the way to the mansion Anne saw more guards and attack dogs then she ever saw
in her life as she said: "Miss Dark must be very rich woman, don't you think so
pet?" Anne asked Mona when she suddenly saw that her chauffer drove with one
hand but she didn't say anything because not like in Barbie's case she liked to
see Mona smiling and having fun.

"Why are you saying that, mistress?" Mona asked.

"There are more guards and attack dogs in this area then there are in Fort
Knox." Anne said.

"Maybe Miss Dark is paranoid, what do you think mistress?" Mona asked.

"You can forget about it, Miss Dark is one of Geri Phillips and Morganna
Morgul's closest friends something that means that she has something in common
with both women who none of them is paranoid, only careful whenever they are
doing any move." Anne said.

"Then maybe she is rich like you said." Mona said.

"There is more." Anne said and for the next hour which left for them to drive
there was a silence as Anne took a little nap and Mona massaged her enlarged
right teat.

* * * * * * * *
Meanwhile at the office Geri became hungry after she skipped breakfast so she
went out of her office to the receptionist station where Lisa just finished to
put a few paper work in Granny's legal file, it seems that the longer that Lisa
was there the longer she had to take the file of Granny who always had the same
charges against her: prostitution, drug dealing and seduction of a police
officer.

Only yesterday granny was arrested while wearing heavy make-up while she was
dressed in a revealing dress. 

Translated, that meant, very low cut so that her naked breasts were exposed to
just above her areolas and a skirt so short that as she walked her naked,
hairless pussy would be peek out and sheer, thigh high stockings, that held
themselves up and open toed with four to five inch high heeled shoes.

Then Geri said: "Lisa, would you like to have a break for lunch?"

"I have lots of work to do, Miss Phillips." Lisa said.

"No you don't." Geri said.

"What do you mean?" Lisa asked unsure of what to do.

"I mean that you have a slave that can do this for you and that if she will fail
you then you can use Anne's office to punish her." Geri said.

"Will you help me if I will need it?" Lisa asked.

Suddenly Valky came from Geri's office wearing: a tiny apron, her collar and her
sunglasses which covered the shiner that Morganna gave her in both eyes over the
weekend after she decided that in order of celebrating the anniversary to
Valky's enslavement Morganna allowed Valky to wear the remains of her once proud
uniform which was now reduced to a thong before she informed the humiliated
woman that they will make a rematch which was much worst then the first because
this time Morganna kept beating and kicking Valky until the helpless woman
couldn't move before she forced Valky to make the Valkyrie Submission Ritual to
the victor.

And so once again as she wore the remains of her outfit then Valky was bound by
a Valkyrie Warrior's honor:  Once she shamefully yielded her surrender, she had
no choice, but to comply and so with heavy heart, Valky bent her stiff, haughty
back, and crouching low, kissed Morganna's boot in submission. 

Never generous in victory, Morganna, spitefully, kept her vanquished foe to her
mortifying task until the sobbing ex-superheroine kissed and licked every inch
of her boots but then just as Valky thought that it was over Morganna gave a
strong fist to her left eye which was untouched in the first battle and then she
forced Valky to lick her boots for an entire hour while she set in the comfy
sofa.

Then when the hour was over Valkie was taken to Morganna's room where she was
gang-banged by the mistresses and the rest of the slaves.

Valky looked for a moment at Geri and Lisa before she went to what used to be
her office (now it was the closet where Valky's chauffer uniform were kept along
with the cleaning equipment that Valky the cleaning girl used when her mistress
was out of the office) and then after a few seconds Lisa saw Valky coming out
with a cleaning cart which included: trash can, mop, bucket, broom, lots of
cleaning sprays, a few rugs which used to be the last outfit that Valky were as
Ulrica Wodden and a few other things as she marched into the toilet wiggling her
ass.

But Lisa decided to keep Pinky who was tied naked (accept for the collar and the
ring-gag) under the table while she will go to eat with Geri who came behind her
and then she began to push Lisa to the exit.

When they were out of the office Geri locked the doors and put the sign on
closed and then she pushed Lisa to her car and the two drove to the restaurant.

* * * * * * * *
Once Mona parked the car she turned to the backseat where Anne slept and woke
her up, then as Anne woke and was out of he car she hooked a leash to Mona's
collar and looked to where Mona pointed and that was when she saw a collared
redhead woman in the middle of a gang bang while about fifty men were milling
around waiting their turn at one of her three orifices. 

Although the woman was forced into doing this, she obviously was receiving some
amount of enjoyment from being used like this. 

As Anne looked at that woman it made her wonder, how long the woman would lest
without being screwed regularly by all those big cocks and if not wanting to get
gang banged, would at least want to get screwed by a man with a large cock. 

The redhead didn't even notice that Anne was watching her, as they were fucking
her so fast and furiously until about an hour and a half after he arrived. 

She no longer was getting sore from all the fucking she was getting on a regular
basis and in fact was beginning to enjoy all the attention her body received,
even though some of it was rougher than she preferred. 

Suddenly a naked blonde woman came from behind Anne and said: "Mistress Anne?"

"That's me, who are you?" Anne replied.

"I'm 'slut' and the woman over there is 'cow', please follow me." slut said as a
tear rolled down her face, then she turned around and led Anne and Mona to some
office where she asked them to wait while she will go and get the mistress.

Once slut left the room she closed the doors and that was when Anne began to
look around the room and saw that in all of the pictures over there were a few
motives: the first one was that both Cow and Slut were there with a tiny apron
like the one that Valky wears at the office or that they were completely naked,
the second thing was that there was a brunette who always was dressed and
tortured the two humiliated slaves.

Then she looked through the window and now she saw how the men were gone and
slut came to help cow to her feet when a voice said: "the former owners of this
mansion until I was able to show them the right way for them to live by."

Then when Anne turned around she saw a brunette who was dressed in a long gown
and that was all Anne could see.

"I'm Ada-Dark, are you Anne Smith?" The woman said.

"Yes, that's my a... 'chauffer' Mona." Anne said.

"You mean slave?" Ada asked.

"Yes, this is my slave Mona... she can be trusted." Anne said.

"Do you know what my problems are?" Ada asked when there was a knock on the
door.

"Yes and I have a few suggestions for you Miss Dark." Anne said as Ada opened
the door and slut entered.

"Please sit." Ada said as she went to her desk and set in her chair while slut
knelt there and looked at her mistress who set in her auntie's chair.

Then after Anne set down she said while she put a paper on Ada's desk: "If
Margarita Van Pelt would declare a bankruptcy then everything will go to the
trustee in bankruptcy and no one won't be able to get at it because no one will
know where the money went to, this paper is a contract that will give you a
control." Anne said.

"Basically, Margarita Van Pelt would sign over all her assets to a trustee,
whose job it is to distribute those assets among her creditors. The bankruptcy
period lasts one year, during which all of her wages and other income will go to
the trustee. She and her niece Fleura will, of course, be allowed to keep a
certain percentage of their income to live on but everything else will be
distributed, then at the end of the year, her creditors will accept whatever
payment they get from the trustee and Margarita Van Pelt will discharged." Anne
paused for a breath before asking: "Do you have any questions?"

"No in this subject, that will help me with the financial problems but what
about the other problem?" Ada said.

Then Anne put to contracts on the table and after Ada read it she shouted:
"Anne, the duration of the contract is for three years..."

"Is the maximum legal length for such a document, Any longer and it would not be
binding, after the three years are up, however, you will be able to declare them
insane just like Geri did with Judge Deirdre Mainwaring after she heard that her
friend became a criminal and lost her mind." Anne said.

"That's great idea, and now if you will excuse me I have a job to do, slut here
will escort you to your car while I will go to have a word with Margarita Van
Pelt, do feel free to come around in a week to see how I managed." Ada dark said
as she shook Anne's hand before the lawyer went out of the office and into her
car, she still had a few things to do before returning to the office to get
pinky and her mom.

Once in the car Anne told Mona to drive home, once she got there Anne got to the
basement and after she released Barbie she told Dr. Brigs to say goodbye to
Barbie who is about to be a brand new woman.

Then from that day Barbie was put through constant abuse until eventually she
become Anne's little willing fuck toy, taking everything and anything she threw
at her which included some pretty horrendous torture, being fucked by three or
more gangs for five days straight, usually taking on two or three men at a time
as she was trained by Dr. Brigs or prostituting herself for some quick cash for
the gang and being pierced. 

Then on the first week after Barbie was broken Anne had Barbie's nipples,
tongue, belly button, clit and pussy lips pierced all in one sitting with no
pain killer and then gang banged the sore woman for twelve hours straight as
both remembered how Barbie used to humiliate Anne because of what are mother
used to be. 

Her right ass cheek was branded with: "My name is Barbie Doll" while her left
cheek was branded with: "Property of Anne Smith" while her right boob, just
above her areola was tattooed with the word: "Whore" while the left one said:
"Slut" and another tattoo in the middle of her belly, between the bottoms of her
tits and her navel said: "I'm a Barbie Fuck Toy".

Then at the second week after she was broken, Anne decided to make her a new
makeover which at the end made Barbie to get more and more into a Barbie type
figure: the first thing that Anne did was to have her belly lipo-suctioned by a
doctor who did favors for Anne after she was able to make her into a rich woman
in a law-suit and then saved his ass in her divorce , removing what little fat
she did have between her ribs and her hips, shrinking her already small waist of
19" down to a tiny 15". 

The doctor also gave Anne an illegal drug in the US that would reroute all
future fat build up from her thighs and belly to her boobs. 

After one week Barbie's boobs grew another cup size but Anne wanted them even
bigger still so that the bitch will suffer, so she was given hormones to make
her produce milk and once she started producing milk, a different hormone to
really make her produce milk as her DD boobs grew to 39-E, then they grew to
39-F and when her milk production was at it's maximum, they became 40-G, almost
H sized boobs. 

She not only no longer minded being fucked in the ass, she actually enjoyed it
almost but not quite as much as regular fucking, deep throating a cock was now
an art, something she could do but most women couldn't and she loved the taste
of cum but she no where as near as she liked pussy juice, fresh from a pussy. 

Other then that she used to seat in the chair for longer periods of time with
headphones until she became just what Anne planed and that was when Anne dressed
her doll in a new outfit which included: red high heels, her chest was sealed in
a tight black leather girdle, a leather G-string which was more like a string
bikini which rode high on her hips and was cut down to her hips so that now her
midsection and belly were bare was placed around her hips with the knots firm
but easily untied whenever Anne desired access to her.

Finally, After Barbie modeled her outfit for her mistress she had her kneel
before her as she circled her neck with a leather collar and that was when Anne
knew that she owned her, completely, irreversibly, when she closed the latch on
the collar, and she whispered, unbidden, the words she had been waiting to hear
from her while a tear rolled down Barbie's cheek as she said in an hypnotic
tone: "Miss Anne, please accept this slut as your sex slave." before the broken
woman dropped to her hands and knees and began to lick the feet of her mistress.

And so as the lest traces of Barbara Derman began to disappear, she slipped into
her role as Anne's slave and concubine as she did all of the thing that Anne
told her and that included also that Barbie will take a part in a movie.

* * * * * * * *
One week later:

Elizabeth Derman was going through her mail when she saw a package with
Barbara's hand writing on her so she opened the package and saw inside a note
and a video tape so she picked up the note which also was in her daughter's hand
writing and read:

"Dear ma.

I'm 'ike here with like you're fwiend, like that is so cool and funny u no de
slav L... her daughter miss hey is so kool n like smawt, not like me like I'm
kinda hev 10 poimt of YQ n I dump. Miss hey sey that I'm spasiel n dat sun we'we
going to ve togader, cool.

Yove Barbie"

That was strange but when she looked at the tape she saw that her daughter's
situation was worst then she thought as she saw what her daughter did in the
last 5 years and what she turned into while there were also parts in which she
talked before every scene and it was obvious for Liz that her daughter became as
smart as a rock.

Once the tape Liz really felt sorry for her when Anne pierced her as she
listened to her screams of pain, followed by a brutal day long fucking while her
clients  as she referred to them pulled and yanked on her freshly pierced studs
and rings. 

Another time was when Anne took Barbie the operation which finished her makeover
and gave her the shape of a Barbie doll.

Another time was when she saw her daughter naked and tied to a strange looking
chair while Barbara was sucking on a dildo like some slut and massaging her huge
teats while a bunch of women licked her and stimulated her body as she suddenly
heard a voice saying:

"There, there, my sweet girl. Don't be like that. It won't be too bad. In fact,
it will be so gradual that you will not even know it's happening to you until it
is all over with and far to late for you to do anything about. We have the whole
summer together to get it done in. By the time the next semester starts your
fading athletic build will be replaced with one more becoming to a sex object.
You breasts will go from a "C" cup to a "DD", your waist will be corseted down
from it's thick 28 inch, to a hour glass tiny 18, and your hips will flare to a
sexy curvy 38 inches. I'll have you practicing each and every day walking in
gradually higher and higher heels until your wearing 5 inch stilettos and
walking in hip swaying gyrating struts. I'll have your hair colored and styled
in a wonderful big blonde bimbo stereotype. And your face, well, I know this
doctor friend who owes me a big favor. With his expertise and my guiding hand,
we will have you looking like the proverbial emptied air headed bimbo that men
fantasize to fuck, but would never ever marry. You will have big vacant puppy
dog eyes, a cute little pixie nose, and a full set of voluptuous pouting lips
aching to be kissed, or suck something.

"By the time the summer is over with you will look nothing like you look today,
no one will even recognize you as Barbara ever again. And with my subliminal
behavior changing methods, you will act and sound nothing like yourself either.
And the best part of all, I will have a lawyer friend of mine legally change
your name too, for the simple price of a blow job, by you of course. You will go
from Ms Barbara Derman, independent, intelligent, and resourceful college coed
of today, to Barbie Doll, wanton bimbo sex toy of Dr Madeline Brigs.

"My very own Barbie Doll, who I can play with however I want. And I will too.
I'll dress you in all sorts of tight sexy clothes and have you model them for
me, and maybe for some of my very close girlfriends too. You will wear all sorts
of fetish clothes. Lots of latex, rubber and leather outfits. I think you will
learn to love the feel of them on your skin as much as I will love feeling them
on you. If not, no big deal. There's nothing you will be able to do about it
anyway. My training methods will see to that.

"And we will play. All sorts of sexy and exciting games. You will learn to
become Barbie the adorable obedient French Maid. You will be her a lot, both in
fantasy and in real life too. This way I will have no need for any outside maid
service when you move into my home. It will be so nice watching you do the house
work, the cooking, the cleaning, and the dusting in your tight latex maid's
outfit with your huge tits barely contained inside. I can just imagine hearing
the distinct clicking sounds your 5 inch heels make on the hard wood floors as
you scurry to get you chores done on time or else risk punishment, and punish I
will too my little strumpet. It's all part of my life, my passion, my desire.
And soon yours too.

"Then there will be Barbie the Hooker. All dressed up in shiny red rubber and
black leather swaggering around street corners trying your best to attract
someone you can have sex with for money. Maybe I'll have some of my friends pick
you up and use you for the night, anyway they want. Won't that be fun? Licking
some strange woman's pussy or sucking, and pussy fucking, some guys long fat
hard cock all night long. Hmmmmm, I'll have to train you to deep throat a guy
without gaging. It's no big deal just a lot of practice that's all. Maybe I'll
have you do a gang bang. That would be interesting, cock after cock after cock,
or will it be pussy after pussy after pussy, maybe even both, we'll see. It does
sound like something I would like to have a tape of though. Then we can watch it
together later on as you preform orally on my own pussy. Now that sounds
delicious, doesn't it doll?

"Oh, and maybe, I can rent you out as a secretary or receptionist. On second
thought, that might not be a good idea. I think it would be a little too much
for my precious little air headed bimbo to deal with. However, we can role play
it. That's it! You won't have to tax that soon to be little numb brain of yours.
Just go through the motions as your working comrades come by and use you for
various sexual cravings, both men and women.
"But the most wonderful adventure that I am going to enjoy with you, and as such
we will be doing it quite often. It is something that really gets my juices
flowing to the max. My greatest passion in life you might say. My goodness, it
get's me so hot and wet just thinking about it. Mmmmmm . . . I can feel my
panties getting so wet right now. Maybe later I'll let you smell and munch on
them on the ride home my pet. You'll like that won't you? Ha, ha, ha, ha, in a
few hours from now, at least you will look like you do.

"But the thing that really gets my pussy gushing is BONDAGE, and disciplining
sweet bimbo's like your going to be into sweet submission. I have a whole
dungeon loaded with all sorts of gear and apparatuses. And your going to
experience every last one of them, many, many times doll.
"I can't wait to show you off at one of those kinky parties. You will be my
submissive kinky Frankensteinist as I lead you around tether at the end of a
leash. Your bimbo self will be displayed in complete restrained regalia. Your
entire body will be covered from head to toe in hot pink rubber. The only parts
left open will be your eyes, nipples and body orifices. But not for long.

"I'll have you wear a severe black leather corset. Oh I am afraid it is going to
be very uncomfortably tight on you dear. But by then you will want to please me
in every way possible, so you will beg me to wear it so very tightly. Really
Barbie, you will beg. I'll train you to.
"Your arms will be held behind your back in a black leather single glove. Don't
worry my dear, when that time comes having your elbows touch behind your back
for extended periods of time will become second nature to you. Although it will
take some time to get you to that level, but I will be diligent in your training
and won't let up a single moment no matter how hard or how long you beg and plea
for mercy. That goes to show you how much I really care about you sweetie pie.

"And lets not forget about your shoes, or I think this time we will go with
boots. Yes, knee high, stiletto heeled, black shiny boots. I may even have you
wear a pair of short linked ankle cuffs with them. I do so love watching a bound
bimbo mince around in dainty little steps with her heels clicking upon a hard
floor. But then I told you that already didn't I slave girl.

"Let's see what else is there, oh yes, we have to fill up your holes too. Oh
that is easy. Long, fat, rubber dildoes for your pussy and ass, much bigger than
you are wearing now. I think I'll have them vibrate and shock you remotely. Yes,
then I can control you even from afar. We can even work out a code. One ass
shock for turning left, one pussy shock for turning right. A vibrating ass plug
for backing up and a vibrating pussy plug for moving straight ahead. And one big
ass shock to get you going and a equal or better shock to you pussy to stop. Oh
won't that be great. I can even have people play with you through the night like
some wind up toy doll. But then again, at that point, that's exactly what you
will be.

"Oh my goodness, I almost completely forgot about your head. Well that just will
not do. Let me think. A rigid corset neck collar first off. It will hold that
pretty empty head of yours still, erect and constantly looking forward. A gag is
a must. I can't tell you enough how much I love hearing the distressed sounds of
a gagged woman. All the moans and groans of a helpless femme fatale emanating
from a well packed mouth makes me cream my panties, WHOPS! I just did! Oh well,
something for you to snack on, on the way home tonight dear. And that vacant
teary eye expression when you feel your on the very edge of chocking if that gag
was made just a bit bigger. Oh yes, we're definitely going to have to practice
on controlling your gagging response. I don't want anything bad to happen to my
little toy doll now that I have her. I guess you can tell that your going to be
gagged a lot, practically all the time in fact. Oh well, such is life, your
pitiful little life that is.

"So, I think an inflatable bladder gag in combination with a whole head hardness
will look good on you at that party honey pot. Lots of thin black leather straps
going around your pink latex clad head. First, I will buckle them all nice and
firm, then I'll pump up that bladder gag until I get that glassy eye look from
you. Oh your going to look so cute with those straps biting deeply into your
latex covered face. Seeing your bug eyed expression over inflated hot pink
cheeks. That image of you in my mind's eye is getting me so excited right now.
And to top it off, I'll have your long blonde hair pulled through a hole at the
top of your latex hood and braided into a long pony tail. Oh, that reminds me.
Have you ever heard of a ponygirl dear? Never mind, you will experience it soon
enough.

"My oh my, you are certainly going to be one kinky exotic sight at that party. A
firmly restrained bimbo in contrasting colors. People will envy me owning such a
doll like you. They're going to want to touch you all over. Especially those big
fat tits of yours. Oh did I mention that your nipples are going to be pierced
and ringed too. Yes indeed, big shiny rings hanging down from long hard erect
nipples resting on a bountiful ripen pair of pussy wetting breasts. My oh my, I
can almost taste there sweet milk now.

"Yes indeed my tender love doll, you and I are going to be a major hit at that
party, and all the other parties we will be attending too. I just know,
together, we will be quite the popular social couple. Of course this means we
will have to have a tremendous wardrobe of clothes to wear. Mine will be very
fashionable and chic, in a dominating fetish kind of way. While yours will be
nothing but bright rich colors of slut wear accented with intense, tight,
immovable, hole filling bondage. It will be a grand experience for the both of
us my love object. Maybe by then you will be able to appreciate and be aroused
by it as much as I do. If not, no big deal. By then you will be to far into
playing the bimbo slave girl to put up much of a rebellion for me. Poor, poor
Barbara."

And as the more the voice talked Barbara began to massage her nipples harder and
harder almost as if she was hypnotized by the voice while the rest of the slaves
continued to lick her and the machines fucked her until the voice finished and
Liz heard her daughter shouting: "Yes mistress, Please let me cum." Before she
returned to suck the dildo which was next to the lips.

There were lots of times that Liz felt sorry for her daughter but the last time
that Barbara's mistress really got to her, over her treatment of Barbara was
after her breasts really grew to balloon size after she began producing milk.

Liz just could imagine how hard it must be on her back to be lugging around the
huge, heavy breasts that she now sported on her chest with no support at all.

The worst part of it all, was that her boobs were constantly full of milk and
her only method of getting any relief from the pressure in her boobs was to beg
her mistress or some slave to suck on her boobs, put her in the milking machine
but Anne decided that they'd let them explode before giving her any relief after
the way that Barbara talked Anne's mom six months ago after Anne bought her.

Then Liz Panicked when she realized who the mistress was: it was Rachel Smith's
daughter Anna who according to the rumors that she heard after the disappearance
of Elizabeth Montgomery (Mona) that Rachel's daughter returned and after her
mother's breakdown she swore to get revenge over all of the women who ruined her
mother's life.

Two of those women: Lora will and Elizabeth Montgomery vanished from the face of
the earth like Barbara who now showed up with a new look and she knew that it
was just a matter of time before she will be next in line.

The end of part 3.

Note_1: this is a pure fantasy and ALL of the characters and the events are
made-up.
Note_2: Shyster dame and Morganna Morgul are being used with GW's permission.
Note_3: Barbie, Dr. Brigs, Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee and Karol are being used
with Musker's permission.
Note_4: the sexual activities of Mitsi and Dr. Brigs is based on a scene from
the story Raggedy Anne by Thrall but not like in that story the scene is between
a fairy and her doll and it's less detailed and it is used with the author's
permission.
Note_4: the outfit that Granny was arrested in is taken from the story: A Bad
Neighborhood by Ted E. Bear and it is used with his permission.
Note_5: what Anne and Mona see when they arrive to the meeting as well as
Barbie's body modification, piercing and tattoos are based on Moesha's outfit
and changes from the story: Kidnapped on Their Wedding Night by Ted E. Bear and
it is used with his permission.
Note_6: Anne's suggestions to Ada-dark were taken from the story: Career
Opportunities by Parker and the contract came from the story: and it used with
his permission.
Note_7: the outfit that Barbie wears at the end of her training is based on a
mix between the two outfits that wonder-woman wore in the story: The capture of
Wonder woman by Willow after she was caught and it is used with his permission.
Note_8: the voice that Elizabeth Derman hears belongs to Dr. Brigs and it was
taken from the story "the lab rat" by Musker.
Note_9: the movie is based on the movies that the gang who enslaved Moesha
turned to her husband who had been transformed into a woman, for all practical
purposes on the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding night." by Ted E. Bear and it
used with his permission.




From a mayor to a slave, part 4
By the outsider
Anne is getting four new slaves.

Note_1: the below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you
are under age 18 or are offended by such material.
Note_2: this is a pure fantasy and ALL of the characters and the events are
made-up.

Part 4- new beginning.

It's being a year since Dean's trial was over and now he set on a chair as he
set on a chair and got a blow-job from his gang's ebony sex slave, Moesha, who
was naked as she was brought to his trailer after she was gang-banged for 21
hours without a rest and though she was tired the poor woman worked hard to
please him because she was to afraid to resist after five years in which she was
used and abused but she didn't tried to escape because she was afraid that
something bed will happen to her husband who became a woman and now he was
allowed to visit her only Once in a year because Moesha was to busy in doing
whatever Dean and the gang planned to her and Monique (Moesha's husband) was
busy as she worked for her mistress as a sissy boy assistant for her clientele.

The lest time that she saw Zack he was broken and he looked totally different
then the man that she remembered (vaguely) as he was dressed with a corset which
was so tight that Zack could barely breath, the corset also had a bra built in
and inside the bra cup was a pair of synthetic tits, with very long, thick
nipples, very sheer black stockings up his already shaved legs which were
attached to the garters that hung from the corset and a pair of tight, pointy
toed, high heeled shoes on his feet, locking them on his feet, until they let
him out of them.

Poor Zack wore a fake pussy, in black that stuffed his cock up tight inside of
the fake pussy, while his balls sat inside the "pussy lips".

The fake pussy was actually very interesting: First a little catheter was forced
into his pee hole so that he would be able to go to the bathroom and so that his
pre-sperm would lubricate the pussy sleeve and his sperm would leak out of the
fake pussy sleeve when he came, his cock was forced into a very small tight
sleeve that had a ring for his cock head to slip through. 

The fake pussy was made from a very soft, skin like material that easily
conducted the heat from his body making it even feels like a pussy. 

The fuck tunnel itself was just a very tight sleeve that began just behind his
balls and as the cock slid into it, it rubbed against Zack's balls and over his
cock which was trapped as they were, inside of this fake pussy, they became
super sensitive and getting fucked would make Zack cum and cum and cum, just
like a woman. 

The fake little clit, when manipulated, either by hand and/or mouth, or when he
would be getting fucked, would trip a sensor which would send small electrical
charges to the ring circling the base of the head of his cock, also getting him
off, fast and often. 

Of course, Zack didn't know that when they put it on him but he quickly find out
the first time someone played with his fake clit and fucked his fake pussy.

Other then that his eye brows were plucked until they were thin lines, his
make-up was expertly applied including: foundation, blush, eye liner, eye
shadow, fake eye lashes and nails (already painted), and lip stick.

Other then that her husband now had 'D' cupped tits himself, his cock has shrunk
to a mere 2" BUT no one but he sees it anymore as he wears his artificial pussy
24/7/365 except for the hour a week it's removed so he can bath and clean the
area normally covered by the artificial pussy, Monique as he was now known was
wearing 7" high heeled shoes almost every waking moment for so long, that
walking around bare foot or in anything shorter than a 5" heel is painful and
her hair has grown out so that he only wears wigs to change the color of his
hair to blonde (in three shades) or red ( in two shades).

Then he looked at her and smiled as he remembered how she used to look like: was
a real black beauty at 5'8" and 120 pounds, her long, thick, straight (yes
straight, with only a slight kink to it) hair fell to the middle of her back
while her skin was on the dark side of the spectrum, it wasn't quite as dark as
Monique's (Moesha's husband Zack) and she actually had green eyes. 

While overall it could be said that she was voluptuous with a 39E-23-37 figure,
both her arms and legs were on the thin side and she had dainty feet and hands,
just as her enormous breasts stuck out in front of her body, her compact,
protruding ass stuck out in back. 

In other words she had a really sexy package to offer, while now Moesha became a
completely different woman: as her nipples, tongue, belly button, clit and pussy
lips pierced, her right ass cheek was branded with "Property of The Road Hogs"
while her right tit, just above her areola was tattooed with the word: "Whore",
while the left one said: "Slut". 

There was another tattoo in the middle of her belly, between the bottoms of her
tits and her navel said, "I'm a Barbie Fuck Toy".

Her belly was nice and flat after she have being through a lipo-suctioned by a
doctor who did favors for the gang which removed what little fat she did have
between her ribs and her hips, shrinking her already small waist to a tiny 19",
and now her tits grew into an "H" cup. 

Then he began to wonder if the way that he used to think about Lesbians as he
remembered the lawyer that represented him and got him free after a week while
his former lawyer was "unable" to do anything for a year, he could still
remember what he thought at the lawyer when he forced saw her in jail:

He started at her feet, which were clad in black ankle boots with six inch
silvery metal spike heels, up to her long legs covered in black fishnet
stockings attached to garters that extended below her very short black leather
micromini skirt.

He then looked at her hands which had: long two-inch cherry red nails were each
adorned with several cheap silver nail rings, and each finger had at least two
rings with several that had chains leading to slave bracelets around her wrists.

Dean then scanned her huge chest, her "C" tits were barely covered with a tight
black leather bustier that pushed the lawyer's tits up into mountains on her
chest and she could see the outline of two large nipple rings through the tight
leather and a small silver ring in her navel.

Dean could barely make out the lawyer's original face under her heavy make up:
her lips looked swollen and were painted a bright shiny red and it made it look
like she had a permanent pout, her eyes were rimmed in heavy black eyeliner with
extremely long black lashes that looked completely fake as her eyelids were
covered with a silvery purple eyeshadow, and her dark eyebrows were tweezed thin
and in high arches.

The lawyer's ears each had four big silver hoops dangling from them and she also
had one small (fake) silver ring in the right side of her nose and two more
(fake rings) in her right eyebrow, then he looked at the long flowing curls of
pure white hair and which was teased up into a very big and slutty eighties
style.

She looked like the ultimate wet dream from the darkest corner of someone very
perverse mind.

But then in court where the other gang members came with Moesha who was dressed
in a short, white leather dress with a matching shoes and a pair of sheer
stocking and a red leather collar as her face were covered with the same make-up
that the lawyer had to see that bimbo they saw a tiny blonde woman who was
dressed in a very conservative way without any piercing or make-up and then
after the trial was over and they asked her she said: "if I came to jail like
this then you never even looked at me, you just listened to me and then you
might let me represent you or that you gave me the chance to represent you so
that I will be humiliated like your slave well let me tell you one thing: I am a
mistress as you know and you better try to respect me after all I made you
believe that I'm dumb but here you are free after a week while it took your
lawyer an entire year to set you free." Then after Dean apologized they signed
on a contract: Legal fee for Moesha.

Suddenly as he once again came in Moesha's face he remembered how his lawyer's
assistant used to give him blow-jobs or just tease him,

Then as Moesha cleaned him he remembered when his lawyer told him her name,
Anne, as he suddenly remembered all the offers that Anne made in her attempts to
buy Moesha so he called for the mistress and after a long talk they decided to
offer Anne the following offer: Moesha and Monique in return for other slaves.

Meanwhile the mistress arrived to the camp with Monique who was dressed in her
now usual outfit and when they were Dean's trailer they saw Moesha naked on the
floor and then after getting permission from her mistress Monique went to where
her slave was crying on her knees and tried to calm her down while Dean put the
phone on speaker and dialed his lawyer's number.

Meanwhile the mistress went to where Moesha and Monique were and ordered Moesha
to lie on her back, then she ordered Monique to lick Moesha like the good sissy
boy that she was after she dragged her by her hair and that was how the two
slaves remained until the conversation with Anne was over and the mistress left
with a sobbing Monique while Moesha returned to her gang bang which was about to
lest for another 7 days as it was the exact month in which they kidnapped Moesha
and for her wedding night which was at the seventh day the gang members planned
something special for their sex slave who prayed that Anne will be able to find
another slaves who will take the places of her as the gang's straight sex slave
and Monique's place before the end of this week as she knew that they planned 48
hours of pure nightmare for her as it was a tradition that she will live her
worst nightmares at.

* * * * * * * * *
Meanwhile in Anne's basement Barbie attached to the milking machine as she was
both brainwashed and trained but this time the change was that instead of
massaging her teats with her hands the milking machine did it while her hands
were tied to the chair's arm-rest, then Anne came into the room and looked how
her cow is doing and she was pleased as she said: "Barbie, how many women your
mother knows who are not married and   can answer to the following descriptions:
Afro-American woman, 5'6 and built like a brick shit house and Afro-American man
who is an effeminate man?"

Then as Barbie pulled her mouth of the big Dildo she smiled at her mistress and
said in her new permanent voice which reminded a little girl's voice and not the
one that a woman in her age might have: "like Mom's friends are all like married
Miss Anne." as Anne came closer to her and began to rub Barbie's hair as she saw
her sex slave violently trying to get her hands free so that she will be able to
touch her mistress and heard as she moaned while crying in frustration.

Then Anne put her hand on Barbie's moist Pussy and began to play with Barbie's
pierced lips, then as the helpless doll began to moan once again the evil Anne
cooed her with a smile: "aw poor Barbie wants to cum? Poor bed that you used to
be a bitch."

Then Barbie took her lips of the dildo and began to beg in her childish voice:
"Please Miss Anne let me cum... I'm so sorry for the way that I treated you..."
but suddenly she was cut by Anne who ordered her: "tell me what you are?"

"I'm a bitch, nothing but a miserable bitch whose only role in life is to serve
you Miss Anne... please let me cum; I need it to be free..." Barbie began to
degrade herself and continued until her mistress was pleased and allowed her to
cum, then after the helpless slave finished Anne said as she pointed at Barbie's
Pussy: "Barbie, if you will tell me what I won't to know then I promise to
release your hands so that you will be able to play with your pierced lips."

"Tina and Mark Lambada, miss Anne." Barbie replied and as promised Anne released
her hands from their bonds, then she turned of the milking machine before she
placed Barbie's hands on her breasts before the "little girl" began to massage
them as Anne turned the TV on and once again Barbie found herself emulating the
women on the TV as she was being fucked by the machine and stimulated by the
rest of the slaves as Anne told Karol to lick the left side of Barbie licked the
right one and then Anne took Charlene and then she left them with dr. Brigs who
loved to see Barbie so helpless and humiliated but not as much as Anne loved it.


* * * * * * * * *
Meanwhile the mistress and Monique arrived home where Monique went to change her
cloths to a maid's uniform which included: a pair of gray hose with red garters,
impossibly uncomfortable skyscraper heels, tiny white maid's apron, that didn't
quite reach the juncture of her shapely thighs, and a silly looking maid's cap.

Then when Monique was ready she came down to where her mistress was she heard
her mistress saying as she began to mop the floor: "you sure... I never thought
that she will be so fest... Monique has become quite submissive and feels guilty
about the position that he & Moesha are in... what can I do?... yes he became a
pest but is new mistress will take of him... yes I will talk to her... when does
she expect Monique and Moesha?... tonight?... very well then in tonight at 20:00
after we will get the slaves then Monique and Moesha will get a new mistress."

Then the mistress dialed the phone number that she said and a voice said:
"Hello." and the mistress could hear a woman screaming in the background as she
said: "May I speak with Anne smith please."

"That's Anne and who are you?" Anne replied.

"Monique's mistress, I called to tell you about her." The mistress said.

"Please do." Anne replied.

"You see Zack or Monique as he is known today, has been given heavy does of
female hormones, therefore, he is a lot more effeminate in his actions and
thinking, if for no other reason than the hormones. Between the hormones,
dieting, corsets, and exercising, his former male figure too has become more
womanly, in addition to his huge breasts, he's lost some his muscle tone, and he
no longer has to shave, as he no longer grows hair on his face, though he does
have to shave his armpits and legs and crotch." The mistress began her lecture
and she noticed that Monique sobbed when she said her former name.

"The hairlessness, the women's clothing, which is all he has to wear now, and
the make-up and perfume that he wears, the beauty parlor appointments to fix his
hair and nails, plus the facials etc., affect him mentally; sort of like forcing
him to think of himself as a woman, as everything he does practically, is
feminine." The mistress continued.

"His body is shaped more like a woman's now, with a big chest, sporting huge
tits, a thin waist, partially accomplished with corsets, and wide hips." The
mistress continued took a little break before she continued: "He even has
noticed that his ass appears to be more padded than it used to be (when he sits
down). With his cock trapped inside of the fake pussy, he can't even jack off so
he even has to masturbate like a woman does it, complete with a fake clit and
pussy hole." The mistress stopped as she drank from her cup of water and that
was when she saw Monique looking at her humiliated.

"He can't even pee standing up so like a woman, he needs to be seated. As to
sex, as a man, you can only get up so often during a short period of time but if
he were gang banged, he'd keep on having orgasms, just like a woman would. He
enjoys having his clit sucked or played with, even though it's fake, it's
somehow connected to his cock, as is the fake pussy hole." The mistress
continued.

"His boobs and nipples are real enough, and he enjoys when men fondle him and
suck on his nipples and even though he's still really a man, he has become to
enjoy kissing men, especially those who are bigger and stronger than he is." The
mistress continued.

"His hair is growing out, but for the time being, he is wearing a wig
everywhere, even in the Mistress' home." The mistress finished her lecture.

"What he feels about his wife?" Anne asked.

"Monique blames herself and feels guilty about the position that Moesha is in."

"Can you tell me what you are using him for?" Anne asked.

"Why?" the mistress asked as she motioned Monique to lick her legs and the
helpless slave did as she was told.

"I want to know how to use Monique." Anne said.

"Very well then." The mistress said.

"So?" Anne asked and the mistress began another lecture:

"You see Anne, I'm a dominatrix, who punishes bad little boys (men) by tying
them up and whipping them and Monique is my assistant, and generally does the
tying up of these men, then, to further humiliate these men, who all know that
Monique used to be Zack, and in fact still has a cock down there somewhere
hidden inside of the fake pussy, she has Monique make love to them, as a man
would, sucking their cocks and taking their cocks into her ass hole." The
mistress began are lecture and she was pleased that not like Dean here was
someone who wanted to learn even though this person was a little strange and
according to her snitches was a lesbian mistress and a vicious one but that
never was proven but that snitch like the rest was to afraid of even talking
about Anne.

"You see some of my clients are enthralled over the idea that Monique is a
she-male, with a fake pussy, and get off on the idea of fucking  her as they
would a real woman, so with those men, she has sex as if she were really a
woman, allowing them to fuck her in her fake pussy, and then sucking their cocks
clean of their sex juices, the longer that Zack is Monique, the more I treats
her like a girl friend, doing things together, when we aren't attending to
business, that two close women friends would do." The mistress finished and
after an hour of talking both women said goodbye and that was when the mistress
forced Monique to lick her Pussy for an entire hour and then when it was over
she humiliated her assistant by forcing her to strip until she was naked and
that was how Monique was forced to remain until it was time to exchange her for
a slave which was more of what she wanted in the first place.

* * * * * * * * *
Meanwhile Barbie's mom, Elizabeth Derman, just returned with her husband from
the police where they checked on how the investigation to find their missing
daughter goes when they saw a tape placed on their door step so they took her in
and that was when they saw Barbara naked as she cleaned the floor when the
screen suddenly became blank and when it was over they saw Barbara beginning to
wear something pink before the screen once again became blank.

Once the picture returned they saw a woman in Barbara's new size whose entire
body was covered from head to toe in hot pink rubber and the only parts which
remained open were her: eyes, body orifices and nipples which were pierced and
ringed too with a big shiny rings hanging down from long hard erect nipples and
over her mouth was inflatable bladder gag which was pumped until there was a
glassy eye look from Barbie's eyes in combination with a whole head hardness
with lots of thin black leather straps going around her pink latex clad head as
they were: buckled all nice and firm and she was dressed in a tight latex maid's
outfit with her huge tits barely contained inside with a black leather corset
which was uncomfortably tight under the outfit and that was when they saw a note
over the woman's head which said: "after a long time Barbie returns into her
life" and then for an entire hour they saw the girl works and moans as she
massaged her nipples and tits were cut out.

Then they had to stop because they had friends coming over so they stopped the
tape and got ready so they got up and after consulting each other they both got
dressed just in time of greeting their guests and for the next three hours their
mind completely worried about their missing daughter until a gang members forced
their way into the house.

The women who were there began to scream when the men grabbed them and took
Elizabeth to a separate room in which she was forced to service groups of 5
members as she was tied to a bad next to her naked husband lay next to her and
was forced to watch when a big man named: Donkey came closer to him and asked:
"What is your name slave?"

"I'm not a slave..." Barbie's father tried to say when he suddenly felt how
Donkey's fist went down on his erect dick.

"My name is Zack." Barbie's father when the big Donkey began to laugh as he
said: "I once fucked some Zack and I hope that you will be better then he was."

Then as Donkey to his cock from his pants and shoved it into Zack's ass and that
was he said: "don't worry about your friends, you see we already took Tina into
our camp and Mark is about to become a sissy like Monique over there but for you
two we have special plans as Liz will meet her mistress and you will become my
personal slave."

Then Donkey began to pound Zack's ass until he was empty and that was when he
pierced Zack's cock and trapped in a semi-erect state inside of a cock cage that
wouldn't let him get totally soft and would hurt really bad if he got an
erection, then he placed Zack's balls in a soaked leather ball sack with a
little sack for each nut and tied up tightly. 

Then a couple blow driers were then trained on the ball sack until they shrunk
down squeezing tight enough to let him know that they were trapped but not tight
enough to do any permanent damage, just enough to drive him crazy, then he
forced Zack into pink panties and Red dress before he led Zack with a leash
connected to his cock cage out of the room after he placed a wig on Zack's head.

Once downstairs he saw Monique who was dressed as a female slut with an outfit
which included: Short skirts, low cut tops, to display her huge tits, and high
heeled shoes on her knees next to Moesha who was also dressed as a slut but with
a sexier outfit which included: white lace blouse which was open in a V all the
way from her shoulders to a point on the center of her waist, showing all of her
glorious cleavage.

There was a minimal red bra which could be seen through the blouse and plainly
visible across the open skin below her bounteous breasts.

She also wore a black leather micro mini skirt, black fishnet hose, and thigh
high glossy black spike heeled boots which came to just below the hem of her
skirt, there was a wide shiny black choker around her neck, a belt which was
deeper in the front than the sides pulled in her tiny waist almost as much as a
corset, also in glossy black, and gloves which matched her boots came almost all
the way up her arms to the short sleeves on her shoulders.

The fingers of her left glove seemed to loosely hold the short golden chain
strap of a small black purse and even though she was very humiliated she was
also very happy knowing that this is the lest hour that she will be the gang's
sex slave and she was right because not to long after that Anne appeared and
after she tied their hands and shoved a ring-gag into Moesha's mouth she
attached a leash to Moesha's collar and then after asking Dean and the mistress
if they were sure both said Yes because they needed a changed and that was when
she took Moesha and Monique.

Once they got to the van Monique opened the doors and in it they saw a bunch of
women gagged and tied like Moesha while a Blonde woman moved around and made
sure that each was tied properly, then Anne began to explain to the to slaves:

"Before I will let you to get re-acquainted at home then here are the rules:

1. I'm your mistress and you will do as I say, in case one of you will refuse or
fail to do as I say then Moesha will be punished.
2. Monique, you will become my assistant and as such you will have to know
everything about my slaves and other assistants who you will serve because they
are above you because each one of them knows what is are gender... you know what
you will serve EVERY ONE in my house who will tell you to and especially Mona
who will become your second mistress so while you will act as my secretary then
she will be your mistress from two reasons: the first one is that both ma and
myself her lesbians and the second is that none of us will ever touch you
because you used to be a man. Now keep in mind that every complaint that I will
get you see every complaint that I will get about your performance will give
Moesha an hour of torment, if you will arrive to 10 complaints or more then that
will give Moesha 5 hours of non-stop gang-bang and if you'll get 50 complaints
or more then you won't be permitted the monthly hour with Moesha for 6 months
and in that time Moesha will work in the streets with Sherri. Now remember one
more thing: I know that the mistress used to use you for and if you will fail me
then I know a special place for you which is a whorehouse for "women" like you
who gets to be fucked or that I will send you to work for your former mistress,
now Monique, lick my shoes!" Anne suddenly ordered and the broken Monique began
to lick for an hour until like Valky in the office she slobbered over her
mistress's shoes and that was when Anne signaled her to stop and stand as she
continued:
3. Neither of you is allowed to talk unless I'm talking to you.
4. Moesha, you will work as a whore under the strict eye of school-girl Sherri,
come here my dear!" Anne told Sherri after she informed her new slaves.

Then the back door was opened and both slaves saw that the new mistress's van
was full with woman and then came school-girl Sherri who was dressed in a
schoolgirl outfit, then Anne asked her o tell Moesha about her whores and after
she had a smile on her face the woman finely said with a French accent as she
pointed as one miserable Blonde: "you see that Blonde with the long, high pony-
tail with a white lace ribbon drawn into a large bow? That is my little whore,
Charlotte who used to be the biggest enemy of the sluts back in France."

"You see I had her face painted with thick, pale pink lipstick and red blusher
which gave her a beautifully tarty look that perfectly matched the effect
created by the skimpy maid's costume, as you can see the outfit itself was a
thing of beauty. It displayed her svelte figure perfectly, the tight, black silk
squeezing her breasts upwards, the twin points of her nipples molded and clearly
visible beneath the thin material." Sherri continued.

"The plunging neckline and puffed shoulders were trimmed with white frills, as
was the thigh-length skirt's hem, white petticoats flared under the tiny skirt,
hanging clear from tight panties and stockings. Gossamer thin, white net gloves
went from her fingers to upper arm; black stiletto high-heeled shoes clasped her
feet, and, as a final touch, a bib-like apron was tied around her torso with a
large bow, matching the one in her hair." Sherri said.

"Once I got her signature on a contract it was easy to mold her into the perfect
little whore and when she is not busy then the bitch is serving as my slave as
she waits on me hand and food, right slave?" Sherri said and through her sobs
the helpless woman said: "Yes Mistress."

Then Sherri pointed at a Blonde girl who was dressed in a tight, black polyester
skirt that barely covered four inches below the rounded bottom of her
ass-cheeks, bright, pink sleeveless top clearly revealed the outlines of her
nipples, and hung only halfway down her front, clearly exposing her stomach.

The only other item of clothing the girl was wearing was a pair of shiny black
pumps and the girl's  tangled, matted hair gave her a wild, sexy appearance, as
it hung down over her face, half concealing her wide, brown eyes and thick,
pouty lips as she said: "that's Jen-Jen and she is another one of Miss Anne's
slut." Sherri began but suddenly she was stopped by Anne who told her while
shoving Moesha into the van: "look, Moesha is my newest whore so she doesn't
need to hear this briefing, only Monique should hear it as she will become my
assistant so please take her in." then Sherri who just loved to see the slaves
and especially the sluts in pain so she took Moesha in and then she tied her
between Charlotte and Jen-Jen before she returned and continued her explanations
about the helpless, sobbing Jen-Jen:

"You see Monique, No one was happy to see Jennifer who, to an outsider, might
have seemed surprising with her thick, black hair, flawless alabaster skin, full
red lips and slender, athletic despite-the-fact-I-never-lower-myself-to-
exercise body, Jennifer Watson was one of the most desirable girls on campus. At
least as far as looks went and the male students of the Phi Phi Phi fraternity
were certainly just about as appreciative of good looking women as one would
expect them to be." Sherri began.

"You see Monique, this particular good looking woman, however, was the president
and head agitator of the local chapter of Concerned Students for Political
Correctness and in her second year at Bakersville College North, she had been
instrumental in the college's decision to withdraw funding from the fraternity
newsletter as a result of certain allegedly sexist comments." Sherri said and as
her mistress saw that she wasn't looking she said: "when we will arrive into
your new home there will be a test and if you will fail then you will whip
Moesha for 100 times and if you will fail then I will send the first pictures
that your former mistress took... I want a loyal assistant and if you will fail
then I will send her the movie, clear?"

"Yes mistress..." was all Monique could say as she began to concentrate and then
Sherri continued: "she had later caused the fraternity's sponsoring professor to
be suspended indefinitely because of some unsubstantiated allegations regarding
sexual proposals he had made to a female student (who had, incidentally,
received a failing grade just prior to the accusations). All things considered,
Jennifer Watson had been a thorn in the side of the fraternity during her four
years at BCN." Sherri replied as Anne took over while Sherri drank some water:
"her most recent success, however, topped them all: she had been working for
years now to get the PPP's annual "Slave Auction" cancelled. Each year, the PPP
fraternity and some of the girl's from one of the sorority houses on campus held
a mock Slave Auction to raise money for improvements to their facilities."

"For the last few years, they had been raising money to add an indoor pool to
the fraternity house. Not only had Jennifer spearheaded the successful drive to
cancel the Slave Auction (due to the fact that it "trivialized the experiences
of visible minorities who had suffered slavery in the past and mocked the state
of women everywhere, whose present existence was little better than slavery at
the hands of the male oriented hierarchical society"), but she had convinced the
college to expropriate the money raised over the last few years and put it
towards the commission of a piece of modern sculpture celebrating Sisterhood in
the twentieth century." Anne said

"then Jen-Jen was kidnapped and became the sex slave until they hired the help
of Mdm. Kim for training her and so for about three hours every morning and then
every afternoon, Kim taught Jennifer the rudiments of stripping, at first, she
kept her clothes on. Kim taught her: how to stretch and move her sleek body to
show off most effectively her various 'assets' (as Kim called them), she learned
to bump and grind her crotch in an obscene circular motion; how to prance with
grace on the four inch pumps they forced her to wear continually. Jennifer was
taught how to swing her narrow hips in a sexy manner and how to move in a way
that caused her tits to bounce up and down on her chest just so." Sherri said.

"In short, she was being trained to act the perfect slut." Anne said.

"You are right Miss Anne, when the 'basics' were over, Kim started in on the
actual stripping and against her will - but enthusiastically, under threat of
the cattle prod - Jen-Jen learned how to remove her various articles of
clothing, one by one, in way calculated to drive men wild. Again and again, the
mortified girl was forced to strut her stuff in front of Kim and the sorority
girls, and slowly... teasingly... strip down to nothing. Once naked, she was
instructed in the 'fine art' of showing off some of the usually hidden parts of
her body: slipping her hands under her firm titties and pushing upwards,
crouching with legs spread to show off her pussy; turning, back to the audience,
spreading her legs and bending at the waist..." Sherri said.

"When Kim was satisfied that she had made a good start on the actual stripping,
Jennifer was shown some other necessary skills for her new role in life: the
oriental woman demonstrated: how to apply thick layers of what was almost stage
makeup for use under the bright lights of the catwalk, how to pout like a
spoiled slut and run her pink tongue over her now bright, red lips and how to
blow sexy mock kisses to an imaginary audience. She was also shown how to tease
her own nipples - after, of course, they had been suitably rouged - so that they
stood proud and firm on her chest." Anne said.

"You see Monique, the original time that she was supposed to work for Kim was
for a three months but when the time came to get her freedom she was screwed as
the pudgy blonde girl who was responsible for her training walked over to the
table where Kim was sitting. She pulled a piece of paper - the contract - from
her purse and placed it down on the surface in front of the oriental woman. Kim
didn't say anything; she just took out a pen and signed, I saw the contract and
it stated that for the next seven years since the contract was signed then
Jen-Jen  be stripping and fucking your way from one side of America to another
and then she will be sold for the highest bidder." Anne explained.

"It also stated that from that day while Jen-Jen did not worked she had to be an
airheaded bimbo and that she was subservient to Mdm. Kim." Anne explained to
Monique.

"I don't get it mistress..." Monique tried to say when her mistress signed her
to shut her mouth as she said: "I know, after all you are a dumb bimbo so I will
explain in easier words: the three months was a trial period. To see how they
liked her and evidently they like her a lot so they've signed her for the full
seven years in which she won't be bored because the 'Pussywillows' is a chain
and that means that they've got clubs all across the country. so Jen-Jen will
get to do all sorts of traveling." Anne explained gleefully.

Then Still smiling, the pudgy blonde girl walked slowly forward until she was
standing right in front of the horrified Jennifer.

"The last thing that Jen-Jen remembers is the last conversation that she had
with Tammy, the girl who was in charge over her training after she explained to
Jen-Jen about the contract:

"Noooo..." Jennie screamed after she heard Tammy.

"Quite an opportunity, I'd say." Tammy joked.

"Tammy, you can't... Jennifer cried.

"Slut voice!" Tammy was suddenly stern. Immediately, Jennifer's voice deepened
to a sexy purr.

"Please, don't leave Jennie..." she breathed hoarsely.

"Bimbo voice!" Tammy said.

"Oh... don't leave me." Jennifer begged, voice high while Tammy, however,
ignored her pleadings as she turned and began walking away.

"Nooo... you can't... Please..."

 "Oh." Tammy stopped and turned.

"This comes with the deal..." she said, tossing a slender, metallic object to
Kim and the oriental woman caught it without standing, the object was the cattle
prod that I also bought." Anne said as she looked at the sobbing slut.

"Jennifer began to cry and scream - strangely appealing in her new voice - but
Kim just gestured to Sue to take the crying girl backstage. Tammy's last view of
Jennifer was of her well rounded ass, tightly packed into the polyester
miniskirt, swinging back and forth as the tall blonde stripper led her, still
crying, into a back room." Anne finished.

"How did you get her mistress?" Monique asked as her mistress looked at her.

"When she returned to Empire-City I bought her and her contract and with my
knowledge I was able to turn her contract into a permanent deal and that was how
I got myself a slave with many talents and she is the third bio-sexual slave
while at the same time she is the only Bio-sexual slut that I have but you will
learn it as my assistant but remember: that my personal slave is Mona who sit in
the driver seat and not like me she is a bio-sexual slave so from time to time
she will keep you company while I will use Moesha for my needs, by the way you
two will get some time together but most of her time will be split between
Sherri and myself." Anne informed Monique who began to cry as she realized that
she lost Moesha twice.

Then Anne pointed at a blonde girl which it was clear that she had taken pains
to make herself appear older and de-emphasize her attractive features as she
looked like an over-sexed teenager, her blonde hair was streaked with platinum
and was teased up into a high ponytail and her ears were now triple-pierced, and
held long, dangling pieces of junk jewellery and the conservative business suit
that the girl used to wear was replaced with a tight, pink tube top and short,
leather miniskirt with pink, plastic pumps.

Then Anne said: "Monique, that is Krista or as she used to be known, Christina
who used to be until she once plaid a trick on her former mistress and now
Krista as the mind of twelve year old but she as a lot of talent like all of my
slaves well accept for you, you will be the only one who want be active since
you are not a woman and 99.9% of my slaves her lesbians." Anne said.

"And what is her job, mistress?" Monique asked.

"She is one of the sluts." Sherri replied as she pointed at a woman who wore
short skirt slit up the side; bright red halter top under a gold, spangled
jacket with fake-buckskin fringe, plastic high heels and on her face she wore
the same heavy, overdone makeup as the others, but the face underneath looked
too pretty - too fresh - for it.

Then as they looked at her Sherri said: "That's squealer, who I bought from a
guy named Taylor but that was not the name that she was born with... the name
that she was born with was Sandra Little or 'Sandy' to her friends was used to
the Living in a big city like LA required a certain amount of caution; a certain
amount of awareness of what was going on.." Sherri began.

"Sandra, however, had grown up in a small town and had only recently moved to
the city in order to attend university. She was just in the middle of her first
term of med school, and her mind was on other things - books; classes; tests -
anything other than what it should have been on as she crossed the street at
night on her way home from a long day at school. She did not have much in the
way of money, and what little there was had gone to cover books and tuition.
Hence, she had been forced to take up residence in a somewhat unsavory area.
Still, there always seemed to be people about, and Sandy felt fairly safe there
but unfortunately for her she was raped and left in a black neighborhood before
she became a white whore for black people and got the name: squealer but you
will never find out why." Anne said.

Then Sherri pointed at a woman

Then Anne pointed at a woman who were a six inch heels, black stocking,
ultra-short leather skirt and a tank top and a woman who was dressed as a maid
all wisp and frills which barely covered her naughty bits as she informed her
assistant: "That's Barbie Dahl, she used to be the CEO of a company before she
was reduced into a slut, by the way the name of that maid is Jennifer and over
there at the crate I've my puppy-girl, Karen who became a bitch as she was
trained... now for the rest of the ride I'll allow you to lick me all the way
home where we will train you to become my assistant and just so you'll know
after all the time that she spent as my slave then all she wants is to pleasure
me, now Monique I want you to close the door... DO IT NOW!" then a scared
Monique closed the door and once the door was closed she bowed her head.

Then Anne told her: "Karen is naked except for a set of thick pads on her knees
and tight, fingerless mittens on her hands. These items are never removed; Darcy
has sewed them shut and set a layer of glue over the stitching, her mouth is
kept open by an "O"-shaped muzzle; she can still receive food and manipulate her
tongue but she cannot bite down or speak in any way." Anne began her lecture.

"Now Karen can't speak in any case as she is only permitted the sounds a dog
would make: barking, yelping and growling and according to what her former
mistress told me she has become quite proficient at the growling because she
just hates being treated this way." Anne said.

"Her arms and legs are secured by an ingenious set of chains and bars which keep
her on all fours at all times and as with the gloves: these are permanently
attached and she will never walk upright again.

"The feather-duster has been replaced by a real dog tail as Darcy, the butler of
Jennifer and Karen's mistress, has modified one of her dildos by adding on a
long tuft of golden hair which by now became a permanent occupier as her ass was
free only when nature called... you see Monique, the butler tried to match her
natural hair color but I don't think he has succeeded." Anne continued.

"Now our Karen is able to wag her tail quite convincingly and I was told that it
is only removed when she needs to defecate, which she indicates by whining in a
certain manner, lucky for us she slept since I bought her and of course, she
also wears her leather dog collar like the one Moesha as but not like Moesha
Karen is married to a mail like my first puppy-girl, now remember Monique that I
need to test you and remind it to me when we will return home or else you will
be sorry because the first thing that I do will be to punish Moesha and then I
will send you into an obedience school for slaves like you." Anne warned Monique
who began to sob as she licked her mistress's pussy.

Then she shoved Monique onto the floor of the passenger seat and as the car
began to move until it got to where it wanted Monique licked her mistress while
Anne knew that the gang will remain there until the lunch time of tomorrow so
her mother's present will have to wait.

Then after a few hours of driving they got home and then while the sluts were
led to the house by a leash as Anne ordered her newest maid: "Get your ass into
the house and start to make dinner, now." Then after the maid said: "yes
mistress." she turned around and got into the house while Anne un-tied Monique's
hands and began to quiz her and luckily for Moesha (who was by now tied to next
to Barbie and did what Barbie did) she got all the answers right.

Then Anne informed Mona and Monique: "Mona, take my assistant into the house and
start to pump her ass until she will become your sex freak and train her like I
trained you and remember that I want you at midnight for our usual sessions..."
Anne said as she moved closer to Mona and kissed her on the lips Monique, let me
remind you that you must do whatever Mona orders and that every complaint that I
will get about your performance will give Moesha an hour of torment, if you will
arrive to 10 complaints or more then that will give Moesha 5 hours of non-stop
gang-bang and if you'll get 50 complaints or more then you won't be permitted
the monthly hour with Moesha who will work in the streets with Sherri." And then
just as Anne finished Mona grabbed Monique and led her to her new room (Mona's
room) where Monique was used until Mona had to return for her work.

Then just as Mona and the sobbing Monique got into the house then Anne's slave:
the former Ms. Americana who was now known as: "the Black bitch" who was dressed
in her new outfit which included: Black plastic pumps, a pair of sheer Black
stockings with attached garter belt, leather panties with a slit on the front ,
Black half body corset made of leather, a pair of black leather Opera gloves,
and a leather chocker which said: "Black bitch" as she was accompanied by,
wonder witch who Anne got as a present from Mystique after she returned
Kitty-Kitty five weeks ago because Mystique missed her beloved secretary who
became her lover after they finished with Mr. Brightman.

Now after five weeks of non stop brainwashing and other mind control techniques
wonder-woman was long gone as she turned in wonder witch (and from the look of
MS. Ameicana she was on the way to join her) with a brand new look: her chest
was sealed in a tight black leather girdle which was dominated by a screaming
death falcon insignia replaced her the golden falcon pattern still covered her
breasts as it was a dark macabre mirror of her old uniform which would come to
represent horror and death to the Warlord's enemies.

Instead of her blue-and-star bottom, wonder witch had a leather G-string tied
around her hips and a leather collar circled her neck and in the front of it was
inscribed with his seal marking her undeniably as his, other then that she now
got back her Tiara and Amazon artifacts but after all of the: training, pain and
humiliation that she have bean through she was to afraid to go against the will
of her new mistress who just dominated every moment of the former superheroine's
awaken moment.

Then after the two slaves landed Anne ordered them to go and to do their chores
and once they left she opened the crate and out came Karen or: "Dot" as she was
known by now came out after she pulled the leash and then once she was out she
began to growl while Anne studied her as she began to understand the bitch who
was a thing of beauty even in the high of Anne who was very strict.

Then after she learned how to control the bitch she looked at the poor girl who
became very quite after Anne signaled it to her and now she was free to look at
the girl and she enjoyed it as she saw how cute and beautiful the naked "Dot"
was except for: a set of thick pads on her knees and tight, fingerless mittens
on her hands.

Then Anne looked at her lovely mouth is kept open by an "O"-shaped muzzle; and
that was when understood that "Dot" can still: receive food and manipulate her
tongue but she cannot bite down or speak in any way as she is only permitted the
sounds a dog would make: barking, yelping and growling and as her former
mistress told Anne, Dot has become quite proficient at the growling because she
just hates being treated like some bitch as she never really excepted the idea
of becoming a Puppy-girl.

Then Anne looked at her arms and legs are secured by an ingenious set of chains
and bars which keep her on all fours at all times and as with the gloves these
were permanently attached to her hands and then after she tried to take them of
and couldn't Anne decided that "Dot" will never walk upright again.

Then she looked at Dot's ass and saw a dildo by adding on a long tuft of golden
hair and that was when Anne thought that the butler was a complete   idiot as he
tried so hard to get it to match her natural hair color, however, he put a color
which was to bright but she was pleased because when she gave her the signal Dot
was able to wag her tail quite convincingly and that was when Anne decided that
like in the mansion of Dot's former mistress, the tail will be removed ONLY when
she needs to defecate, which she indicates by whining in a certain manner or
when Anne or will fuck her like she is doing with Muffee.

Then Anne saw something glittering from the woman's right nipple and when she
looked she saw a small engagement ring with a description which said: "to Karen,
I'll always be with you." and that was when Anne remembered who Jennifer and
Karen were as she remembered the story: it was one year after Anne began to work
when this two girls in about her age vanished in Scotland and there was a big
tension between London who denied that the girls her on British soil and
Washington who wanted them back.

Suddenly it hits Anne like a rock that was thrown at her: Barbie, Twit, Twat,
Charlene, Muffee, Karol, Charlotte, Christina, Jennifer, Jennifer, Karen and
Squealer were all about Anne's age and all of them vanished in the period
between the time that Anne dropped out of college until her third year as Geri
Phillips's intern and she remembered reading Barbie Dahl's story in the
newspapers or when she heard Morganna and Geri talking.

Then after Anne finished to look at her "puppy" she led the naked girl into the
house by the leash and once she got into the house then Anne could hear
Monique's screams as Mona fucked (or tortured her), then Anne got to her new
slave, Jasmine who was formally known as the Wasp who was dressed in a full body
cloak and looked more like a robot then as a woman with her: Polished steel
glistened from every curve, silver gleamed from her lips, and burning red eyes.

Then after she gave her the leash and told her to make sure that Karen will join
Muffee in the kennels with no way to escape, Anne then went to see how her
leather slut, Barbie and the rest of her sluts were protracting and then before
she went down to the doctor's room she met her mother and after she told her
about her tormentor she realized that her mother became happier as she said: "I
will wait pumpkin, after all as a slut she needs to learn." And then both mother
and daughter began to laugh as they both enjoyed the idea that other people will
make it easier for them to take over Elizabeth's mind.

Then she went down and looked with Sherri at the sluts and Barbie who were now
in the emulating the woman who was gang-banged by man, then Sherri asked Anne:
"what are you planning?"

"I'm going to turn those lovely girls into a bio-sexual sluts, that way WE will
be able to use them for a bigger slice of the community and not only for males
or females. Take Moesha for example: Moesha was used as a straight sex-slave
when she was the gang's sex slave which means that only men touched her and not
like her "Husband" Monique she is not accustomed for servicing women which is
not good because all of my slaves must learn how to service women." Anne said.

"Then why won't you use Monique?" Sherri asked.

"Monique was a man and not like a few women that I know I'm not going to touch
her, besides Monique in reality is the slave of my entire staff of slaves and
assistants so don't worry about her... besides if everything will work according
to my plan then Monique's life will become a permanent lesbian gang-bang." Anne
said.

"Wait one minute Anne, I think that I lost you: for you are referring to Monique
as a woman, then you said and I quote: 'her "Husband' when you talked about
Moesha and now you are saying that Monique will take a part in a Lesbian gang
bang... so without being rude can you please explain to me what Monique's gender
is?" Sherri asked Anne confused.

"You need to understand Sherri: Monique was once a man known as Zack and he was
married to Moesha but they were kidnapped at their wedding night by the gang
that I bought Moesha from... while Moesha was remained with the gang Zack was
sent to his former mistress who I bought him from and that was where he got the
name: Monique and he was given heavy does of female hormones, therefore, he is a
lot more effeminate in his actions and thinking, if for no other reason than the
hormones which changed his look and voice." Anne began to explain.

"Between the hormones, dieting, corsets, and exercising, his former male figure
too has become more womanly, in addition to his huge breasts, he's lost some his
muscle tone, he no longer has to shave, as he no longer grows hair on his face,
though he does have to shave his armpits and legs and crotch." Anne continued as
she saw that Sherri was mesmerized.

The hairlessness, the women's clothing, which is all he has to wear now, and the
make-up and perfume that he wears, the beauty parlor appointments to fix his
hair and nails, plus the facials etc., affect him mentally, sort of like forcing
him to think of himself as a woman, as everything he does practically, is
feminine. His body is shaped more like a woman's now, with a big chest, sporting
huge tits, a thin waist, partially accomplished with corsets, and wide hips. He
even has noticed that his ass appears to be more padded than it used to be (when
he sits down) with his cock trapped inside of the fake pussy, he can't even jack
off, he even has to masturbate like a woman does it, complete with a fake clit
and pussy hole." Anne continued.

"He can't even pee standing up, like a woman, he needs to be seated. As to sex,
as a man, you can only get up so often during a short period of time but if he
were gang banged, he'd keep on having orgasms, just like a woman would. He
enjoys having his clit sucked or played with, even though it's fake, it's
somehow connected to his cock, as is the fake pussy hole." Anne continued.

"His tits and nipples are real enough, and he enjoys when men fondle him and
suck on his nipples. Even though he's still really a man, he has become to enjoy
kissing men, especially those who are bigger and stronger than he is. His hair
is growing out, but for the time being, he is wearing a wig everywhere, even in
the Mistress' home." Anne finished her explanations.

"And what happened to my new slut, Moesha? Moesha's attitude after she's turned
into the gang's sex slave and what she feels about Monique?" Sherri asked.

"She feels used and trapped, she's highly humiliated and embarrassed about the
way that the gang made her dress, and the things that they make her do, and even
about how her body betrays her, giving her pleasure when she's doing those
filthy, nasty things or letting them do filthy, nasty things to her." Anne began
to explain.

"Moesha loves Zack/Monique. He's the man of her dreams who she married and she
doesn't blame him for their being kidnapped, nor does she blame him for what the
gang is now doing to the two of them. Her love may have dissipated just a
little, due to the extreme circumstances of their new lives, as she feels that
she's not as worthy of his love, due to the things that she is forced to do, or
allow to happen to herself." Anne said as she looked at Moesha who looked as if
she agreed with each word that Anne said as she massaged her enlarged nipple or
rubbed her full H tits.

"Possibly, his inability to satisfy her sexually, might have a small thing to do
with it, but trust me, it's very minor in the scope of things but you can be
sure that once Mona will finish with Monique then she will never be the same as
she will be able to satisfy every slave or assistant that she will meet get my
permission to." Anne said as both women looked at the sluts.


Then after a while as Anne got to the main floor she saw Mona coming out of the
kitchen and she was escorted by Monique who followed her as the woman held her
leash and she looked as a completely new woman as her hair was bleached, curled
and streaked with platinum and her face was covered with tarty make-up.

Other then that Monique was dressed in: a sheer white blouse that was three
sizes to small, a navy blue, pleated skirt which it was obviously made for a
twelve year old as it barely covered her ass, White knee socks and black pattent
leather shoes, and a pair of flowered cotton panties, completed the outfit and
it was clear the Monique was very humiliated.


The end of part 4.

The permissions:

1. Shyster dame and Morganna Morgul are being used with GW's permission.
2. Barbie, Dr. Brigs, Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee and Karol are being used with
Musker's permission.
3. All of the things that the mistress tells Anne on their conversation are
being used with Ted E. Bear's permission.
4. Moesha, Dean, Monique, the mistress and the "road-hog" gang were taken from
the story: Kidnapped on their Wedding Night by Ted E. Bear and they are used
with his permission.
5. Charlotte, Sherri, Christina, Barbie Dahl, Jennifer (from the story: "Pool
party), Jennifer (from the story: Dear diary), Karen and Squealer are being used
with Parker's permission, that story may use Parker's characters but it is not a
sequel to any of his stories and each outfit that parker's characters are
dressed in came from the stories that they were taken from.
6. Ms. Americana is used with Mr. X's permission.
7. the way in which Moesha, Ms. Americana and Wonder woman are dressed came from
the story: "the capture of wonder woman" by Willow as well as the wasp's new
look which came from the story: "The capture of the wasp" and all are used with
his permission.




From a mayor to a slave, part 5
By the outsider
Anne as getting four new slaves.

The decliner:

The story below contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up.

The permissions:

1. Shyster dame and Morganna Morgul are being used with GW's permission.
2. Barbie, Dr. Brigs, Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee and Karol are being used with
Musker's permission.
3. All of the things that the mistress tells Anne on their conversation are
being used with Ted E. Bear's permission.
4. Moesha, Monique\Zack and Monique\Tits are used with Ted E. Bear's permission.
5. Charlotte, Sherri, Christina, Barbie Dahl, Jennifer (from the story: "Pool
party), Jennifer (from the story: Dear diary), Karen and Squealer are being used
with Parker's permission, that story may use Parker's characters but it is not a
sequel to any of his stories and each outfit that parker's characters are
dressed in came from the stories that they were taken from.
6. Ms. Americana is used with Mr. X's permission.
7. Cupcake, the new wardrobe that Anne wanted for Barbie and the way in which
Moesha was dressed were taken from the story: "Becoming cupcake" by the mayor of
Cherish.

Part 5- the return of Shyster dame.


One day after Anne recruited: Moesha, Monique, Charlotte, Christina, Barbie
Dahl, Jen-Jen, Jennifer, Karen and Squealer as part of her staff, Sherri came to
Anne's room and when she got into the room after she knocked and got permission
Sherri saw Anne sitting on a chair while twit and twat slobbered on her right
shoe while Mona and the broken Monique slobbered on the left.

As she looked at Monique she saw that the helpless woman had a rough time last
night and then she said: "Anne can we continue the discussion that we had
yesterday about Monique?"

"Of course but first tell me: How Moesha is doing?" Anne asked.

"Moesha is sleep now after she was tied to the chair from the time that we
arrived until 05:00... she is doing just fine and if everything will go as we
planned then she and the rest of the sluts will be ready to do their work, this
afternoon." Sherri answered.

"This afternoon?" Anne asked.

"Yes Anne, this afternoon... you see Anne each of the sluts spent such a long
time doing their jobs and Moesha as I understood was a sex slave so all we had
to do with all of them was to re-program their mind while we trained them to
become a bio-sexual slaves so that they will be able to service both men and
women while we began to shift both your preference and intensity to women over
men or in other words we are about to change the sluts into Barbie's situation
which means that they will become a prisoners in their own bodies and while we
will control their: bodies, mind and souls then the only thing that both the
sluts at first and then if you will choose it the rest of the slaves will be
able to do is to view as they will become a submissive sluts who will be as used
neither by you or anyone that will strike a deal with me." Sherri answered.

"And how will you keep them safe?" Anne asked.

"I have a friend who is the owner of a motel not far from here and he told me
that he will keep Six free rooms in which they will be kept and their 'Johns'
will enter in one by one or in a groups of 2-10 men or women... he told me that
he will take 15% of the profits and at the end of the day he wants a blow-job
from each slut, so if you will say: Yes then the deal will start from tonight."
Sherri said.

"Now look Sherri, I decided that Barbie will remain here with me and she will
serve as my personal-slave now after Dr. Brigs left 10 minutes ago... from now
on she will have the following schedule: 08:00 until 17:30, then she will work
as a maid from 17:30 to 20:00 and then she will work as a leather slut from
20:00 until 02:00 when she will be brought home and sleep in her cage from 02:00
until 06:00 on regular days." Anne said as she moved on to the next subject.

"And when the slut will get to rest?" Sherri asked.

"The slut will get to rest on Sundays when she will sleep until precisely 16:00
then she will be work as a maid until 19:00 and from then until 03:00 she will
work as a leather slut just like she was trained, but keep in mind that all of
these schedules will be changed if I will decide to use the doll for other
things accept for those." Anne replied.

"Like what?" Sherri asked.

"I have lots of things that I can use Barbie for like: Ponygirl, puppygirl,
sex-slaves and etc... don't forget Sherri that now after all the: training,
abuse, humiliation, brain-wash and etc. I have Barbie's mind, body and soul
under my hands or in other words: she is my puppet to do with as I please...
other then that I have a score to settle with my slut and now after I 'legally'
bought her then every decision concerning her future is mine to decide on, not
like Monique's case who as you know is Mona's intern which means that I may be
her mistress but Mona is the one who uses her and between us, the reason why
Mona hates Monique so much is because Mona has lots of rage in her after the way
that she was treated by me but she can't hurt me so she takes all of this and
'throws' it on Monique who misses Moesha and wants to be with her." Anne said.

"Speaking on Moesha, do you know what her relations were with: her husband,
Donkey, Dean, Darlene and the other "old ladies"?" Sherri asked not wasting Anne
time.

"Well lets see, as far as I know her relations with Zack\Monique slowly drifted
as he had been transformed into a woman by his former mistress for all practical
purposes through hormone treatments, he now has tits as big as his wife's, and
though he still has a cock, it's trapped and hidden inside of an artificial
pussy, that when he gets fucked in it, causes him to cum, but it feels more like
a woman's orgasm and as you know he can't take that pussy of and he was not
allowed to visit very often at this point, now after I got him he will never be
able to become a man and Mona will change him but she will make sure that he
will never forget that he is a she-male or in other words: he don't have a
gender." Anne said and Sherri smiled.

"And as to the gang members: she never had any emotional ties while to them
she's just a piece of ass to use and abuse as she was their sex slave and to the
"old ladies" she was nothing but as the occasional slave." Anne said.

"Does Moesha miss her husband when she was with the gang?" Sherri asked.

"Yes, she missed him greatly, and she was appalled by what the gang has done to
him, and actually resents it but there's nothing that she could do about that
nor what they did to her because she feared them more then she fears me." Anne
said.

"How did you know all of that?" Sherri asked.

"From Dean and the way that Moesha looked when I first saw her not to mention
the chat that I had with the slaves on the way here while you slept." Anne
replied.

"Tell me Anne, do you think that in case something will happen to you then
Monique will try to take Moesha back?" Sherri said.

"Yes but she won't be successful because Mona will destroy her and Moesha will
never let her do that." Anne said.

"And do you think that while Moesha was at the hands of the gang and Monique was
still with her mistress then let's say that Monique will get free, then do you
think that she would try to save Moesha?" Sherri asked.

"Monique, formerly know as Zack, was never a very athletic individual, so
physically, that's out of the question. Also, Zack/Monique was warned, that if
he/she ever escaped, bad things would happen to Moesha: possibly death, possibly
she would be sold off to a whore house, so that's not likely to happen.
Especially since the longer that he has been a she-male the more submissive he's
become." Anne replied.

"And what if the gang and the mistress get arrested then what will happen to
Moesha and Monique?" Sherri tried to make Anne's life but she couldn't as she
saw Anne smiling.

"There always was a zero percent chance of them both getting arrested at the
same time, or even close to the same time but, if one group or the other group
were to get arrested, Moesha & Monique/Zack would be too afraid to say anything,
for fear that the other would be harmed... besides Sherri toy need to understand
that Monique has become quite submissive and she feels guilty about the position
that Moesha and her are in so now if Mona will play her cards right then she
would finely get someone to use and abuse... some that she will be able to take
all of her anger for the humiliation that she was put through since she got here
over, right Mon?" Anne replied.

Then after a few minutes Mona said: "Yes Anne." Before she returned to work on
Anne's shoe after she pressed Monique's head to Anne's shoe and slapped her ass
nine times on each cheek, over the time that they spent together both Mona and
Anne developed a special bond in which both women became very close until Anne
one day told Mona not to call her mistress anymore but to use her private name
without the word: Miss infront of it.

"Tell me Anne, if you never had the chance to buy Moesha and Monique then do you
think that the gang would buy Monique as a sex slave?" Sherri asked.

"You see the reason that the gang didn't keep him in the 1st place, is that
they're homophobic. They are embarrassing & humiliating both Moesha &
Zack/Monique by having him live his life as a she-male, meaning that he is
neither completely male, nor is he/she a female. Yet, at the same time, he/she
is both a male and a female. In a way, Dean & the gang get off on the fact that
he/she sort of looks like a female, especially when dressed up, because of
his/her huge, natural boobs, and even though he still has a cock between his
legs, it's hidden in the fake pussy." Anne began to explain.

"They also know that the man is bi-sexual as well as the homosexuals, get off on
screwing this sissy boy in the ass, as they all know that he still has the right
equipment between his legs. So to turn him into a sex slave for themselves, just
wouldn't feel right, knowing that she is really a he, since they only want to
have sex with women, even though they sold him to the Dom, for this express
purpose." Anne finished her explaining.

"What her former mistress used to use Monique for?" Sherri asked.

"The Mistress, is a dominatrix, who punishes bad little boys (men) by tying them
up and whipping them and Monique was her assistant and she generally did the
tying up of these men, then, to further humiliate these men, who all know that
Monique used to be Zack, and in fact still has a cock down there somewhere
hidden inside of the fake pussy, she has Monique make love to them, as a man
would, sucking their cocks and taking their cocks into her ass hole." Anne once
again began to explain.

"Some of the Mistress' clients are enthralled over the idea that Monique is a
she-male, with a fake pussy, and get off on the idea of fucking her as they
would a real woman, so with those men, she has sex as if she were really a
woman, allowing them to fuck her in her fake pussy, and then sucking their cocks
clean of their sex juices. The longer that Zack is Monique, the more the
Mistress treated him/her like a girl friend, doing things together, when they
aren't attending to business, that two close women friends would do, why do you
ask?" Anne asked.

"Well, the friend that I told you like to fuck "women" like Monique so if you
will agree then we might have him take less percents of whatever the sluts will
make for one hour with Monique or that he will agree to give the rooms for free
while he will take 10% or maybe even 5% of the profit, it is all depends on you
and on how Monique will be dressed." Sherri told Anne.

"It doesn't depends on me, I may be the mistress but he was given to Mona and
the slaves so, Mon, what do you think?" Anne asked.

Then Mona stopped once again, lifted her head and said: "I think that if you
need the money, Anne then Monique will be ready... all I'm asking is that you
will let me know when she needs to be ready and for an entire hour Monique will
service that men while the 'sluts' as you refer to them will be in the rooms."
Before she restart to work on Anne's shoe after slapping Monique's ass 10 times
on each cheek.

"Is there anything else?" Anne asked.

"Yes, the British saddle that you ordered arrived... do you think that your boss
will be pleased?" Sherri asked.

"Well I talked with Wendy, she is Leticia's daughter, and according to what we
agreed: I'll get the pro jumper saddle that will give Geri's horseback more
security and safety for jumping, Wendy will get saddle carry begs that will
certainly keep your saddle clean and dry., Morganna will get the saddle stands
that will give long, service life to my boss's needs and Leticia will get for
her a head-gear that will be easy to adjust and a trim jaw-band so that it will
be easier for Geri to attach the reins that I bought her when she will be in the
cart that all of us bought to her." Anne said.

"Who will pull the cart?" Anne asked.

"Justy." Anne replied.

"Okay then if you will excuse me I have to go to do the phone call." Sherri
said.

"And I have to go to work, I'm late and ma will kill me... before I'll forget,
since we still have to tame the sluts then you tell him that we will send
Monique over to him starting from today and the sluts will begin their jobs in
two weeks so in that time they will be trained while we will improve the chair
and until then, Sherri you will serve as my assistant while Monique will learn
her job as my assistant while Mona will train her as my general slave,  until
the time that Monique will finish her training Moesha as she knew her will be a
distant memory as she will be loyal to me and Monique won't be interested in her
as she will be forced to service every: slut, maid or slave that will cross her
path." Anne said as Twit and Twat stopped and began to lick each other and to
play once they got to Anne's bad while Mona took Monique for farther training
and Anne and Sherri each went to her way.

Then before she went to work, Anne went to Dr. Brigs's room where are Doll spent
the last 24 hours has she said goodbye to her former mistress until 5 minutes
ago and since the doctor left she moved her cage into the room as Miss Anne
ordered and waited for her naked as she knelt next to her chair.

Then when Anne got into the room, Barbie began to kiss and lick her shoes until
Anne motioned her to stop and then as she knelt Anne ordered her to stand and
then she began to strip her emotion-less slave and when Barbie was naked Anne
told her: "from now on Barbie, whenever we will be at home or out of the house
then you'll follow the following rules:

1. From now on you are my doll and as such you will never use your brain again
unless I will let Barbara to return but that slut won't be free again.
2. As my doll you will serve in the positions that I will choose for you.
3. As my sex doll you will serve only me unless you won't behave unless I will
decide to punish you or that I will need money.
4. You're body and soul belongs to me.
5. From now on you have no rights after the way that you laughed about ma and
used to humiliate me in collage infront of my friends... and now it is my turn
to ruin you.
6. From now on you are not allowed to talk unless I'm speaking to you.
7. From now on you don't have free will and everything that you will do, will be
what I will tell you to or in some cases that will usually will be in bed room:
I will allow you to.
8. From now on you are not allowed to serve any men or women unless I will tell
you otherwise.
9. From now on whenever we will be home you will be naked accept for the dildoes
that you have and the collar unless I will let you wear anything else.
10. From now on when I will have guests or we will be alone then you will call
me: Miss Anne and when you talk to my friends you will asked for their names,
for example if you will talk with my boss then you will call her: Miss Phillips
because sluts like you are not allowed to use the private of a respected women.
11. From now on then just like with your former mistress: Barbara Derman will
switch places with Barbie and come out to express herself sometimes or at least
try too. You see what I am saying is that I love conflict and distress just like
Dr. Brigs and I love to tease to a point that might be considered over the top
and in Barbara's case she will be tormented.
12. From now on you will live in the room next to my room as you will become the
replacement of Mona who turned into my personal-assistant and the mistress of
Monique.
13. From now on you will never use your mind because you are no longer as one.
14. From now on you will only desire me.

Those are the rules that I have for you until now but I will have more in the
future... You are a slave Barbie and as such I want you in top shape so I
decided that the room at the empty door on the 2nd floor will become the gym
where you will be trained, clear?" Anne asked as she looked at Barbie who
reminded her some sort of robot.

Then just as she looked at Anne, Barbie said: "Yes miss Anne." as Anne motioned
her to follow her, then after 3 minutes they got to the room Barbie saw that all
of the furniture were belonged to a little girl as they and the room that was
painted in bright colors and there was a bed for little girls, a colored cage
and a replica of her chair that was colored.

Then after Anne opened the closet and the chest, the helpless girl was terrified
as Anne dressed her in Black lingerie: fishnet stockings and leather garter belt
Anne dressed Barbie with a very short, very clingy dress with the words: 'ANNE'S
SLUT' on the front in big letters, over that part of her anatomy before forcing
a pair of 5" heels, then Anne painted Barbie's face with bright red lipstick and
dark eyeshadow before she led Barbie to her car where she set her in the
passenger seat ad then after she set in her chair, she pressed the gas and drove
away from the house to the house of Barbie's mom where the gang gave Elizabeth
Derman a new name, Liz, and then before they left the house, they fucked her a
few more times before they whipped her and gagged her with one of her husband's
dirty socks and belt until they left the house.

Then a few minutes later Liz saw her husband come into the room and he walked
funny (after a night in which Donkey and Bob did turns to use his ass) as he was
dressed with a loincloth and a collar with a dog tag which said: "I am the
property of mistress Anne" like she was forced to wear after the last man
(Donkey) finished to fuck her ass, another man (Bob) finished to fuck her pussy
and the last man (Dean) finished to fuck her face.

Then when he stood infront of her he removed the loincloth and she saw the cage
and the sack which was on Marta's cock (that name from the moment that they
finished her training became her new name as he became a slave) and then she
heard her humiliated husband saying as he removed her gag and kissed her softly:
"you see honey, last night after the masters took you over here they separated
all of us and I have bad news:

1. Our friends were taken and I don't know where.
2. From now on my name is: Marta and your name is: Liz.
3. We have a mistress now and Barbara belongs to that mistress and we will see
the new Barbara and her mistress, today."

Then without any farther words he untied her and dragged her naked body to the
kitchen and tied her naked to a chair.

* * * * * *
Meanwhile at the office Geri Phillips was busy in tormenting the helpless Valky
who stood naked infront of her on one leg she was forced to say: "I'm a dirty
slut." over and over while she wore on her head a jester's cowl and it was clear
from the face of the former DA that the woman who set there in the chair was NOT
Geri Phillips but that she was the sadistic Shyster Dame who vanished two years
ago after there was a police investigation which was close to find that Geri
Phillips was Shyster Dame and saw Geri was forced to say goodbye to an important
part in her life and for the next two years she was forced to only be Geri
Phillips in public until with help of her intern, Anne (at those times) she was
able to clear her name and to clear the road for the return of Shyster Dame.

Then she suddenly remembered Justy's shiner and her face suddenly had fear
smeared all over it as Geri began to whip her until there was a knock on the
door and after Geri told the person to come in she heard: "Can you please open
the door for me, miss Phillips... it is hard for me." then after Geri told her
to wait she grabbed Valkie's hand and placed her naked in the infront of her
with her hands on her head and her legs spread before she then attached two
wires on Valky's nipples with a duck tape and then after attaching the wires to
a remote she informed the terrified Valky: "if you will be nice then I won't
punish you but if you will: do faces, talk without permission or do anything
like that then I'll shock you." Before she shackled her helpless slave's legs
and arms.

Then once her slave was secured she forced a pink ball-gag into her slave's
mouth before she opened the door and Lisa wheeled herself into the room and once
she got to the table she looked at the humiliated Valky while Geri did her way
to her chair and then when Geri set in her chair she asked: "How are you, Lisa?"

"I'm worried Miss Phillips and I need your help." Anne said.

"What happened?" Geri said.

"Do you know where I can find Shyster Dame?" Lisa asked.

"Shyster Dame?" Geri asked shocked as she looked her slave and pressed her
remote which electrocuted Valky's nipple after she saw her doing a face for a
few seconds.

"Yes, I want to know where I can fine Shyster Dame even though I think that I
know where I can fine her." Lisa replied.

"Why do you want the help of that woman?" Geri asked.

"Anne is about to try to capture flag-girl and I'm afraid to what will happen to
her if she will try, please Miss Phillips... according to the rumors that I
heard Shyster Dame or Shysty to her friends captured Justice Lady or Justy as
she is known now, I know that I may be insane but I am begging that you will
help my daughter, Shysty... I know who you are and maybe no one but Anne will
believe me but I know." Lisa said.

"How can you be so sure that I am Shyster Dame?" Shysty asked.

"well, first of Anne was your biggest fan and I still keeps the Shysty's
collection in which she kept all of your pictures... last night I came across
the collection and I saw a picture of Shyster dame which match you." Lisa
replied.

"So are you going to turn me in?" Shysty asked as she once again shocked her
slave this time for two minutes after she dared to make a noise without
permission.

"No, I will never do that... all I want from you is to know that you will teach
Anne so that she won't get hurt... I'm terrified of what will happen to her...
please Miss Phillips... if I could then I was now on my knees... please Miss
Phillips, teach her." Lisa replied with a begging tone and a worried look as a
tear rolled down on her cheek.

"I will do that, thank you Lisa." Shysty replied.

"I'm sorry if it sounded like I'm blackmailing you." Anne said as Shysty saw
that the helpless woman tried to choke a tear.

"Don't worry, Lisa... I will talk to her and see what she knows." Shysty said as
she tried to comfort the helpless woman.

"Thank you, Miss Phillips." Lisa said as she began to wheel herself toward the
door.

"My name is Shysty." Shysty told Lisa as she opened the door and then she
returned to torment the helpless Valky.

Meanwhile Anne parked her car infront of Liz's house before she put her
apathetic slave's (who now after long training couldn't show emotions anymore)
hands in a leather fingerless gloves and cuffed them before she said: "Barbie,
it is time for you to have new code words that will tell you when I want you as
Barbara and when I want you as Barbie... so from now on when I'm saying: slut,
you will let Barbara to come out and play with me and whenever  I will say:
"Doll" then you'll switch back to be Barbie, is that clear?"

"Yes Miss Anne." Barbie replied in her little girl's voice.

"Okay then, let's try them... slut." Anne said smiling as Barbie began to change
while fucking herself on the dildoes which were attached to the chair.

Then after a few minutes she heard Barbara shouting with anger: "ANNE YOU
BITCH... LET ME GO RIGHT NOW OR ELSE YOU WILL BE SORRY WHEN I WILL GET YOUR ASS
AND ARRANGE FOR YOU TO GO THROUGH THE SAME THINGS THAT I HAD TO GO AS THE SLAVE
OF THAT PSYCHO BITCH, DOCTOR BRIGS... YOU WILL NEVER GET AWAY WITH THIS AND I
WILL SEE TO THAT AND YOU CAN COUNT ON THAT... JUST WAIT YOU LITTLE WHORE AND NO
ONE WILL BE ABLE TO DO NOTHING AS I WILL THROW YOUR MOM INTO THE LOONEY HOUSE
WHE..." then after Anne couldn't take it anymore she slapped her slaves and
immediately told her to be quite before she said: "Will see who is the whore,
bitch... you see last night your family had a visit from a few of my clients and
now Tina and Mark Lambada don't live anymore as each was taken in order of
replacing Moesha and Monique as you may remember, after all you was the one who
gave them to me... now, I thought about letting you just watch but because you
couldn't keep your mouth shut then you are now sentenced to watch from your
prison cell as you will pleasure your own mother, you sick pervert... and now,
it's time to sleep you my dear DOLL."

Then after Barbie returned, Anne took the handcuffs and gloves of before she led
her slave to the house and when they got to the Kitchen she tied Marta with the
help of Barbie and gagged her mouth with a pink ball-gag before she ordered
Barbie to pleasure Liz and then after everything was ready she placed Marta in a
position that he will be forced to see everything before she left to work as she
heard Liz's moans which were full with pleasure and fear while Marta's moans
were full of fear.

* * * * * *
While all of this took place Mona left her slave, Monique, tied naked to a
bondage cross with: a bar which pressed her tits tied together and a pink
ball-gag in her mouth which kept her screams quite while the other sound was her
moans and the vibratos in her ass and "pussy" as she went to the clinic to talk
with Morganna about the birthday party as she was ordered by her mistress.

Then thirty minutes after Mona left the house, Moesha came into the room and she
looked stunning as she wore: Pink 4" high-heeled leather pumps in classic style,
sheer Pink stockings, Pink garter belts, tight, Pink leather dress that was so
short that Monique could see the edge of her pink thong, a Pink leather vest
with a zipper which left her stomach bare and had deep cleavage and a pink
collar with four d-rings and a dog-tag which said:

Name: Moesha.
Owner: Anne.
PN: 1076896
Occupation: slut.

Moesha's hands were perfectly manicured with a "baby pink" polish ending in one
inch square tips, her hair resembled that of a dolls. Long, platinum blonde
tresses done into a severe French curl that began at the top of her head (where
a pretty pink bow rested) and trailed down to the small of her back.

But the change didn't finished there as Monique looked an Moesha's face which
was angelic beauty, with her new high cheek bones; two, round eyes of an almost
opaque, blue nature, long eye lashes fluttered like a doll's, Moesha also had:
Pencil thin eyebrows rose high, button nose resting above a set of unbelievably
fat, full lips, shaped into a cupid's bow and was made into a perfect, bee-sting
pout,

Moesha's new lips were so puffy that she couldn't even close them as they seemed
to always be open in a perpetual "o" and were swathed in a coat of thick, pink
lip gloss and then Monique began to cry as she thought about what a sight his
wife became and her heart snapped at the time that they lost.

Then Moesha came closer to Monique's cross and that was when Monique could see
the outlines of her ex-wife's ringed nipples while Moesha began to tease her
with her finger and then as Monique looked she saw that just like in her case
Moesha wore her wedding ring before she looked at her pierced face.

Then Moesha stood next to Monique and as she took of the ball-gag she said: "How
are you Monique? I never felt better after I finely became a bi-sexual even if
it means that I had to pay a price which is my love to you as I'm moving from
this house into a motel that a friend of Miss Sherri owns and there I'll serve
as a bi-sexual slut... you need to understand something Monique, when I was with
the gang I was: tortured, gang-banged, abused and humiliated while now even
though I had to turn into a bi-sexual in less then 72 hours I feel that it is
all for the best because Mistress Anne told me that most of my clients will be
women and yes they might abuse me but not like the gang did."

"Tell me Moesha, what do you know about Anne?" Monique asked.

"Why?" Moesha replied.

"Maybe I will be able to..." Monique began to say something but she stopped when
she heard Moesha laughing.

"Why do you laugh?" Monique asked Moesha humiliated.

"That was funny: Anne incase you forgot is the grand mistress and that means
that she is only doing what she wants to do without asking anyone for
permission... besides when your training with Mona will end you will become a
slave to all of the slaves that Anne has and then you will think just like me
and the rest of the 'sluts' as Mistress Anne and Miss Sherri are referring to."
Moesha replied with a little smirk.

"Did you miss me when we were separated?" Monique asked.

"Yes." Moesha said.

"And did you ever blame me for what happened to you?" Monique asked.

"For a very short time, yes... but I never really had the time to reflect on
things as I was fucked 24/7/12/364 but now after I have some time for myself to:
rest, think, sleep or talk with one of my new friends then I can take my time to
think about my life and my dreams but I'm not going to live Mistress Anne
because she is the best thing that happened to me... ever." Moesha replied.

"Aren't you gross with the idea of you servicing women?" Monique asked.

"I was grossed out by having to go down on another woman... but after what I
went through in the time since we were kidnapped I'm taking it as a relief as I
know that these women using me as a slut but if one day Mistress Anne would like
to use me as her sex slave, fuck me with a huge strap-on dildo or straps a
double dildo into my mouth, so that one end is going down my throat, while the
other end is sticking out and then she will tell me that I have to bob her head
rapidly back and forth, in order to fuck her pussy then I will do it, I'll do
even other things so that the mistress will know what I'm thinking about her,
and what about you" Anne replied.

"That will gross me." Monique said.

"Why do you lie to me?" Moesha asked.

"What do you mean?" Monique said.

"According to what the girls and I see then you are virtually gay now. Yes you
have tits and even an artificial pussy but underneath, there's still a cock. You
have been forced to suck other men's cocks until they came in your mouth and
then you had to swallow it all... not only that but you also had to take their
cocks into his ass, as well as your artificial cunt and you had to kiss these
men while making out with them... so only for that lie I will talk with Miss
Sherri and if I'll get the chance then with Miss Mona and I will make sure that
you will join us for one hour in a day... ho wait you are going to join us today
and if you will be good then that will become permanent." Moesha said furious.

"How do you know all of that?" Monique asked.

"I'm a slut as this says and that was the only thing that Miss Mona and Miss
Sherri talked about since they went out of the mistress's room at 08:00... by
the way I was ordered to tell you that we will meet once in a month unless you
will be bad 6 times and that will be when we shell meet for one hour once in
three months... personally I prefer the later choice but no one asked me... and
by the way I know nothing about Mistress Anne, she is a pure walking riddle."
Moesha said as she returned the gag to Monique's mouth and left the room on the
way to the motel with Sherri and the rest of the sluts.

Meanwhile in another part of the city Wendy arrived to her office and after she
settled in she called the clinic and talk with Morganna who was in a very good
mood today:

"So Morg. In my opinion it will be better for us to do the party in my home;
after all I have bigger 'crew' then what you have in the clinic and with the
help of..." Anne began to say as she saw Shysty walking next to her room and
then she switched the subject and began to explain to Morganna about what is a
libel and a slander: "so you see Morganna a libel according to the Law us: A
false publication in writing, printing, or typewriting or in signs or pictures
that maliciously damages a person's reputation OR The act or an instance of
presenting such a statement to the public so we can sue them and if we will be
able to get Gerri to testify then we might win.

Now a slander according to the Law is: Oral communication of false statements
injurious to a person's reputation OR a false and malicious statement or report
about someone."

"Geri is there right?" Morganna asked.

"Yes she does... now these kind of sues are generally, treated as civil wrong or
tort, so a person like you who is feeling themselves libeled can sue and if
successful may be awarded monetary damages. What one may write about a public
figure is generally much broader than about a private person... A
superhero\superheroine or a public figure like you may equal be regarded as
public figure, though there is no cases germane to the point but I can't tell
you how much we can win but if you will decide to sue then I'll take 2% of
whatever we will win, that's once in a lifetime offer after I missed your
birthday a few months ago." Anne said.

"So as my lawyer, do you think that I should sue?" Morganna said.

"I would say: Yes and that you have great chances of success but we need to be
very careful so I'm not going to tell you that there is 100% of success... after
all ma as you know is not capable to testify and I need to speak with uncle Mark
and with Geri." Anne replied.

"Very well then, did you get the presents?" Morganna asked.

"Yes, so what do you say?" Anne asked.

"We all will be there, and now if you will excuse me I have a few things to
do... by the way Anne: you have a regards from Mona." Morganna said.

"Yes I have to go to... thank you for your time Morg. Well, I will go to talk
with Geri now.

Then after each hang up the phone Anne went to speak with Shysty while Morganna
had Justy between her legs.

Since the capture of Supermom non of the slaves accept for Supermom were not
allowed to exercise and they were forced to watch as the body that each was so
proud at slowly began to disappear and replaced with a body that reminded them
their servitude which was very voluptuous without any mussels.

Then as Mona was on her way out of the clinic she bumped with Granny who began
to gain weight (just like her mistress planned) after she was bend from the gym
until she got to Leticia's weight and that was when Leticia began to transform
the poor woman until she looked in her body just like an older replica of
Leticia and as such she was forced to start wearing dresses like the ones her
mistress wore but while Leticia's dresses wore were a regular dresses and
underwear, Granny was naked under the dresses which showed half of ass and had
huge cleavage.

Other then that Granny was forced to where shoes which were less comfortable
then the ones that Leticia had on, then after 10 years as her slave Leticia got
her revenge on Granny who dared to stuck her nose into Leticia's business and
that was the beginning of her family's enslavement and because they became
immortals then the humiliated slaves were stuck in their bodies.

Then after she was out of the clinic then Mona drove to the house of Barbie's
parents and once she got there she dragged Barbie's father to Barbie's room used
to be with a few packages full with cloths and then she began to arrange them in
the closet after she threw all of Barbie's former cloths on the floor, then
after she finished told the helpless man: "the mistress will be here soon and
she will deal with you.", then she took all of Barbie's former cloths and took
them to the car before she returned to the house and took Barbie with her.

Then when they were out of the house Barbie and Mona closed all the shades and
when they were out of the house Mona took Barbie to Lisa and drove home to be
with the helpless Monique.


* * * * * *
When Mona and Barbie got to Anne's office they saw that she had a guest which
looked as a human Barbie doll just like Moesha and Barbie but this girl was
white, then as they came closer they saw that the girl looked just like a real
doll with: 34E breasts, her hair resembled that of a doll's with long, platinum
blonde tresses done into a severe French curl that began at the top of her head
(where a pretty pink bow rested) and trailed down to the small of her back.

Her face was angelic beauty.

Porcelain skin with rosy, high cheek bones; two, round eyes of an almost opaque,
blue nature. When she blinked, her long eye lashes fluttered like a doll's with
pencil thin eyebrows rose high when she took in her cute, perky, button nose,
resting above a set of unbelievably fat, collagen enhanced lips, shaped into a
cupid's bow which were made into a perfect, bee-sting pout.

The doll's lips were so puffy that she couldn't even close them as they seemed
to always be open in a perpetual "o" and were swathed in a coat of thick, pink
lip gloss and then they noticed the Doll fingering her new lips and then she
inserted her crusty finger deep into the her mouth. Instinctively, the doll's
fat lips closed around his finger, inviting and welcoming it like a tight vagina
before she fucked her own face.

Then they looked at the doll and saw that she was dressed in a pink, baby doll
nighty, a diaper strapped around her waist; pink booties and matching mittens on
her hands and feet; rubber panties around her diaper and petticoats; and her
hair done up in ribbons and curls.

Under the flouncing nighty, the doll wore the rigid, 16-inch corset, so that her
34E breasts were lifted upright, giving the vision of this darling baby girl,
with a sluttish twist: her pussy was packed snugly with a long, ribbed vibrator,
ready to buzz all night long making slumber close to impossible.

Then after Mona finished to look at the doll, she heard Anne saying: "Mona, that
girl next to me is: tits... once she was known as Monique and like Barbie but
not like Miss Barbara Derman as the doctor called her, Monique was a Poor
college girl looking to make spending money on the weekends, you see she
answered an ad that leads to her abuse, and ultimately, into slavery... After
giving her a Mickey, which knocks her out cold, she was stripped, bound placed
in-between 2 walls in a self-contained room with monitors." Anne began tit tell
the new slave's story.

"And then what happened?" Mona asked.

"2 large dildos were forced into her ass and cunt, a clital stimulator is
attached to her clit, a waste pipe from a toilet on the other side of the wall
is forced deep into her mouth and she was tied up in such a way that she can't
get it out of her mouth... Her nipples were clipped to a board that moves away
from her, whenever someone on he other side of the wall flushes the toilet, thus
making the clips bite into her nipples harder and yank them away from her body,
which of course pulls her tits as well until later she was auctioned off to the
highest bidder." Anne finished the story while she motioned tits to stand up and
strip, then after tits did as she was told and stood naked next to her mistress
then Mona saw that she had welts all over her body.

"From where those welts came from, Anne?" Mona asked.

"Well Mona, in the lest 5 years she was used as a sex slave and once in a while,
maybe every 3 or 4 months, she had to go through this experience all over again
so at the second year when her master forced her into doing this all over again
as a punishment or to some party, she was be terrified of it and tried to escape
but she was caught and since then each and every time before that happened she
was whipped until she was to broken and had to do that even though she
considered it to be both gross and painful..."

"So you used it to turn her into a loyal slave?" Mona asked after catching her
mistress's way of thinking.

"Yes, I offered her the following deal: she will become my sex slave and I won't
use her as a part of the pluming, she won't have any rights and she will accept
me as her only mistress and she agreed to anything, in order of not to have to
do that again and as I know myself: she will beg me that I'll take control over
her miserable life." Anne said laughing at the miserable woman.

"And what happened to her personality as a free woman?" Mona asked.


"Her personality, by this point after 5 years of having been a sex slave, I'm
quite sure that she is rather submissive, and would do any sexual act, no matter
how perverted she may have thought of it before she became a sex slave, right
Tits?" Anne asked her slave with a sadistic smile.

"Yes Mistress Anne, I will do anything you say." Tits said.

"Tell me tits, who changed your name?" Anne asked and everyone in the room (who
could think) knew that those questions came in order of humiliating her.

"My former master, Mistress Anne... he thought that it will be funny to have a
slave called: tits." Tits answered humiliated.

"Is that your private name, and if yes then what is your full name?" Anne asked.

"No mistress, my private name is: Big, and my full name is Big Tits." Poor tits
answered as she choked a tear.

"That's okay tits, now I want you to get dress and return to your position! Now
Mona there is no need to get tits new wardrobe because she already as one thanks
to her former owner." Anne ordered and as tits did as she was told, Anne turned
to Mona and Barbie smiling as she said: "now, the name of that doll is: cupcake,
cute doesn't she? Now Barbie I want you to meet your twin sister... just like
you she is a mindless slut but not like you she has only one personality... Now
Barbie, say hallo to your sister, Cupcake!" Anne ordered and Barbie replied with
her childish voice: "Hello Cupcake, Miss Anne: who is the older?"

"You are silly... after all you arrived here first, now seat next to your sister
and do as she does!" Anne ordered and Barbie did as she was told.

Then Anne turned to Mona and said: "Mona I decided that Cupcake here will be the
twin of Barbie and therefore, I want you to buy for Barbie a new wardrobe was
broken up into many categories. The first selection of clothes will seemed to be
tailored for a four year old girl living in Victorian England, and it will be a
collection of little girl Alice in Wonderland dresses that will be based on
microscopic waistlines; puffy, billowing petticoats that lifted the hemlines of
skirts that wouldn't even reach the middle of her thighs; lacey, satin frocks;
small, cute aprons; large, stiff bows; soft, gentle ribbons.

The collection will resemble a pedophile's wet dream and any grown woman forced
to put on such dresses was soon reduced to a cutesy, little baby doll of a girl
and to match the assortment of bright dresses, I want you to open two draws
below the hanging clothes that will be filled with creamy, white stockings,
garter belts, chokers, frilly ribbons and bows, dainty gloves, and a collection
of Mary Jane shoes... each with a ballet-sized heel... each made in a bright,
patent leather, Any questions?"

"Yes Anne, who is that girl?" Mona replied.

"I will tell you later, now moving on... the next assortment will be of rubber
clothing: Latex, PVC and straight rubber outfits littered the corner of the
closet with a mounting dumbness to her expression, cat suits, micro-minis,
full-body suits, halter tops and the occasional pair of pants, hobble skirts,
and cut-out tops.

All the outfits will be accompanied by a different type of heel: open-toed
platform mules with 6 inch heels were lined up under the rubber outfits.
Although this assortment of clothing came in pastel colors just as bright as the
first... the heels were a little more racy. Darker shades of pink, lavender,
blue, yellow, orange and white were the colors here. And a few pairs seemed to
have no color at all, and were clear." Anne said.

"Anything else, Anne?" Mona asked.

"Yes, the next collection will be made of uniforms: While the majority of the
uniforms seemed to be French Maid outfits, none of these outfit should be your
ordinary maid's outfits that you'd find in a Halloween store, I want each outfit
to have a severe, hourglass waist and the proper cut-outs in the ass and
breast-line area. The fabrics of the maid's outfits ranged from latex, to
rubber, to vinyl, to satin, to cotton..." Anne explained to Mona.

"Anything else, Anne?" Mona asked.

"Yes Mona, there will also be different outfits like: Tops that had names
stenciled in them and since Barbie can no longer read then I want them to have
the following names like Cupcake as on some of her shirts: "Barbie Girl; Barbie
Slut; Fuck Doll; Airhead; Bimbo; Bimbo Slut; Tits; Property of Anne; Cum
Deposit; Cunt etc." Anne said and so Mona smiling, then when she saw that Mona
didn't have any questions she continued and said: "Barbie should also have a new
variety of toys and bondage gear after the good doctor left so I want you to but
for her: huge assortment of plug gags which included binky gags, ball gags,
dildo gags, ring gags to an assortment of dildos ranging from anal plugs to a 12
inch black dildo which I will use to tease both Cupcake and Barbie with by
forcing her to lick it like a lollipop for the rest of the tour."

"Speaking of lollipops... I bought form Cupcake's former owner, Melvin, a supply
of an assortment of candy that they will enjoy after all the times that they
were slave. Starting with cum-flavored lollipops shaped as long, fat cocks
(which could be purchased at any candy store in the front rack), now Barbie and
Cupcake will also chew gum all the time." Anne said.

"They will also be encouraged to blow big bubbles and pop them all over her
mouth, that way the dolls will be looking as dumb as I want them to and that
will also remind them of what that they had become, and you can be sure that I
will use it against Barbara Derman when she will come out." Anne said with a
sadistic smile.

"Ha, A-Anne... I-I-I d-don't want to upset you b-but c-can you tell me how pay
for all of this?" Mona asked.

Then Anne took a credit card out of her purse and threw it on her table as she
said: "I want you to pay with that Card Mona... a long time ago that card used
to be owned by: Barbara Derman, but now after we both know that poor Barbara was
thrown to 'prison' and can't get out then you can feel free to use that card."

Then after Anne finished Mona picked the card and asked Anne: "Who was Cupcake
before she turned into a little Anne Fanny doll?"

"Allison Anders was an 18 year girl with a high I.Q. and a creative, passionate
mind that would drive her to seek avenues of her life that would lead to
infinite happiness, she was an independent woman. A feminist. An idealist. She
had dreams, hopes, and goals... a future." Anne replied.

"Then, how she became a Doll?" Mona asked.

"Well, Mona... It had been close to seven months since she ran away from home in
search of a music career; you see home was not where the heart was. It was not
in a house where a drunken man she cringed to even call "step-dad" used her ass
as an ashtray coaster." Anne began Cupcake's story.

"It had started just a couple months after her mother had taken ill with cancer.
The man she called step-dad had quit all his sexual innuendos and sly glances.
He had stopped pausing at her bedroom door to beat off as she pretended to sleep
and he had stopped pretending that he loved her mother. Rather, Allison's mom
getting sick was the best thing that could've happened to him." Anne continued.

"She always figured that he hadn't really loved her mother anyway. She even
imagined that it was her face that was really on his mind, every time he screwed
her mom and who was to blame him? While Allison's mother was a looker back in
her day she had hit the wall. Too many years of drunken mourning over her
husband's death had put her directly in the path of Lyle Corbett. Less than a
year later, Lyle was Allison's new step dad and the days of panty sniffing and
late night ejaculations in their blue, carpeted hallway had begun." Anne
continued.

"Allison was her father's child. Yet she had her mother's looks: 5.6 in height,
118 pounds, B cup and blonde hair which she wore almost shaved to the scalp. It
was her look and she didn't care what anyone felt about it. Allison never took
to the baby Jane look that so many aunts and uncles loved about her as a little
girl." Anne continued.

"She had a B cup?" Mona asked.

"Yes Mona, a B-cup... she rebelled against her looks: Never having a solid
school life Allison didn't fit in anyway. She had no strong friends to speak of
and no hobbies or guys to fuss about... you see Allison wasn't necessarily a
tomboy. She liked boys alright but she only respected musicians. It was what she
strived to become after all... For her, getting wet over a guy meant listening
to Billy Corgan's fake harmonic at the climax of the guitar solo for "Soma." It
meant listening to John Lennon's voice crack... It meant taking Led Zeppelin's
song "Going to California" literally." Anne said.

"And so hear she was, an acoustic guitar over her back that she was still
learning to play... crumpled maps in her backpack along with a collection of
lyrics, clothes and stolen 7-11 sandwich packs. She had crossed the California
border from the southern part of the state while hitching a ride with a bunch of
frat guys who ignored her B breasts, thin lips and short, "boyish" haircut, yet
continually studied her hippie jeans and red cowboy boots with frowning faces
and jock-type chuckles." Anne said smiling as she looked at her dolls.

"To this, Allison's reply would always be: "I'm a musician. Aren't I entitled to
my own look?" But the 'look' was just a cover for the fact that Allison was
beyond desperate. Sure, she was finally in California. It had taken months of
sleeping in motels, sneaking around, stealing food, and hitching rides across
half the country to get here. But she was here. Still, L.A. was a long ways off.
She had only ventured as far north as San Diego and still had a ways to go. Yet
her destination seemed hopeless since Allison had lost a majority of the
confidence that got her this far. Who was she fooling anyway? She wrote great
lyrics, but her playing was only sub-par. She was no Jewel or Melissa Ethridge
who were two musicians that she despised and her 'look' was some sort of mesh of
'country' meets 'hippie'." Anne finished her explanations.

Then Mona said: "well then, if you will excuse me Anne... I have a job to do."
before she left the room, living her mistress with the dolls whose face became
as red as a tomato after all of the face fucking.

Then after she got to the driver seat she drove to the house of Barbie's parents
where Anne had unfinished business and she was pleased that Mona was so
successful in completing her mission, maybe she will give her something special.

* * * * * *
Meanwhile back at Anne's house Monique was still naked when the door opened and
she hoped that Moesha came back to talk with her but instead of Moesha he found
a white brunette who reminded him of Ms. Americana because of her mask but
everything else were different: this woman was broken, and the only things that
she wore were a collar which said: "property of Mistress Anne" and an apron in
the colors of the flag.

Other then that her hair was teased into a high ponytail, her red and white
boots were replaced with Black high heels, on her belt instead of the famous "A"
she had the initials: "POMA" and Monique could hear the sound of a vibrator
coming from the helpless woman who had to steal balls attached to her legs by
heavy chains.

Then the woman came from behind Monique and just like the other slaves who came
into the room, she took of his gag and then she began to lick her ass before the
metallic woman, Jasmine, came into the room and then she said with a nerve
breaking Metallic voice: "*Hello Monique, my name is Jasmine but I was known as:
the Wasp until I was captured and turned into Ultron's slave, completely.*"

"Hoooooo... w-What... mmmm... do you... huff... mmmgfff... mean? HOOOOOO...
How?" Monique tried to say through her moans.

"*my personality has been rewritten to ensure that I gave him unquestioning
servitude, and part of the reprogramming process was involved in what you may
call: connecting some nanocircuity to me on order of maintaining a constant
mindlink with Ultron, so that i would be under his control without cease.*"
Jasmine answered.

"And what happened to your personality?" Monique asked.

"*What's left of my personality is now reflective of my mistress's: evil,
merciless, cruel... you see if my original personality still exists, it is
trapped within the mental barriers that Ultron has placed in her mind, helpless
to control anything in the outside world. It is entirely possible, however, that
I simply was reprogrammed and reshaped beyond all return while his captive.*"
Jasmine finished.

"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHH... and... mmmm... you b-became... Mff... A-Anne's... Mgg...
slave... Nggg...?" Monique asked.

"*After my master finished with me he shut me down and threw me into the trash,
Mistress Anne found me in the dump and after she re-programmed me I became 'the
guardian of her slaves' which means that none of the slaves won't escape...
besides Zack, your ex wife and the rest of the sluts will return home,
tonight.*" Jasmine informed Monique who had a sad look when she heard that name.

"Please don't call me that... Ahhhhhhhh... what do you mean? yesss... Nggg...
why?" Monique mumbled.

"*I will call you as Mistress Anne told me... I meant what I said: your wife and
the rest of the sluts will return home because Sherri's friend tried to get away
from the deal so unfortunately for you, so tonight you will spend the time with
Mona while there will be a birthday party for mistress Anne's boss and there is
a chance that Mistress Anne will use you.*" Jasmine said and Monique could hear
Anne laughing as Jasmine left the room while twit and twat came in and each
began to lick Monique's nipple (twit licked the right while Anne licked the
left) while Monique began to sob.

Then after a few seconds Wonder-Witch came into the room dressed in her outfit
as she held in her hand a leash which was attached to a collar who was on the
naked of Flag-girl who still was dressed in her outfit with a matching single
glove which held hr hands behind her back and a ring gag which was attached to a
full head harness, then when the two were close enough wonder-witch forced the
slave to her knees and tied her to Monique's hips with a few ropes after she
positioned flag-girl's mouth on the fake Pussy.

Then once wonder-witch finished she whipped flag-girl's back and the helpless
girl began to lick Monique's pussy with disgust as she knew that Monique was a
man and that she still have what was left of her cock in there until
wonder-witch was satisfied and released her, then before she took flag-girl away
wonder-witch grabbed Ms. Americana's freshly bleached hair and informed the two
sobbing ex-superheroines: "if you'll ever try to escape again then you will be
brought here where each of you will lick Monique like you did until now BUT in
the next time then you two will arrive and leave this room at the same time
after 10 hours of licking.

Meanwhile in another part of the house, Lisa who remained home had her slave
Pinky to jump around the room naked on one leg as she said: "I'm a dirty slut."
Over and over while her mistress lay in bad and rested after she had 5,000
orgasms non stop after her slave licked her for an entire hour, then after five
minutes in which the now sobbing ex-mayor Lisa asked her slave: "tell me Pinky,
how was it when Anne shoved that stick into your ass? Was it as painful to you
as it was for me? Did you like that feeling? I know I didn't but then you always
was stronger then me... do you remember in high-school when that guy almost
killed me? I do, I also remember what he told me: 'that's a present from a
friend...' well it is a good thing that I've a secret weapon who love me so much
that she is putting everything on the line."

"Listen to me Rachel, I never wanted to do that... please let me go and I..."
Pinky tried to say for no avail as she saw that the women in the chair became
angrier by the minute.

"Rachel died 10 years ago when her daughter became her legal guardian after she
had a breakdown... the only one who came to the help of the late Rachel and her
little girl, Anna, was a sweet lawyer who offered Anna a job at her office even
though she knew that it was a risk because Anna's hart was with her insane
mother and not in her job but Anna was smart enough to do her job while in the
same time keeping her mother out of the loony house." Lisa said.

"You and your daughter are insane, Mistress." Pinky said.

"I know that I am but Anna is another story, now how was it to have a broom
stick in your ass?" Lisa asked.

"Why are you calling her Anna? That's not her name... And no I didn't liked
it... it was painful and humiliating not to mention that all of that time in
which I faced the floor might have given me cramps, I'm sorry for what I did to
you Rachel... please snap out of it and let me go, I promise that I will never
tell anyone about you and that sadistic daughter of yours." Pinky said.

"No deal, Anna is the ONLY mistress of this house until she will get more
company... tell me how was it when Anna pushed you into that room that you were
trained in?" Lisa asked.

"That was sick; now let me go you bitch or that I will hurt you." Pinky tried to
gain the control that she used to have over Lisa a long time ago in the sorority
but all she received from the former slave was an evil grin.

"If you will do that then Anna will tear you into two pieces, my dear." Lisa
said smiling from her bad.

"She won't do that; I will make her to understand." Pinky tried to say.

"No you won't, Anna is my daughter and as such she grew up with all of the pain
and humiliation that I went through... she is the most dangerous woman that I
know and if you will only touch me then she will do some things to you that I'm
to afraid to do, after all you were the one who tricked me and had fun on my
expans... and Anna never forgot how miserable I was in my birthdays or when I
saw her returning from school, the changes that my little girl will hear what
you have to say her very slim and the odds are that she will make your life even
worst then what they already are." Lisa said and Pinky could see that her smile
was even bigger.

"Tell me 'mistress' why are you calling her: Anna? That's not her name." Pinky
asked trying to make Lisa to sweat a little.

"That was the name that I gave her and that will be the name that I will always
call her, no matter what you or anyone else will tell me... she is MY daughter,
I was the one who saw her growing up humiliated by all of those girls who knew
our little secret BUT in every time that someone humiliated her she got even
until my breakdown in which she had to take control on our lives but Anne had
friends that she could always trust in the clinic, Cherish city, and in a few
other places... some of them came from her work while she met the other
somewhere in the line of her life... you see because of me Anna was forced to
get more mature then the rest of the girls in her age and since we are a family
of one parent then we both had to work but I always tried that Anna will get
everything and she grew into such a lovely young woman that I have to say that
I'm very proud of her and now after she got: you, Mona and the other
no-good-daughter-of-70,000-bitches who used to fuck every man who saw her before
she came to shock and torture me then I'm even prouder then what I ever was, now
get back down here and continue to do your work1" Lisa informed Pinky with a
proud smile on her face while Pinky obeyed her mistress after she heard her
using a foul mouth for the first time in her life and she began to fear the
cripple woman who lay in the bad with a pure hate in her eyes.

* * * * * *
When Mona finely arrived home she saw that the sluts stood there in the curve so
she signaled them to come closer and then she asked: "where is Sherri?"

"She is gone, Miss Mona." Christina answered.

"What do you mean by gone? Did she gave you something to do?" Mona asked.

"After we returned she got into the house and left with Wonder-Witch." Moesha
answered the first question and then just as she finished Charlotte said: "and
she didn't gave us something to do." As she answered the second question.

Then Mona came closer to Barbie Dahl (who only wore: a pair of Pink Plastic
sandals, Black leather skirt without any panties, Red Leather bikini top with a
shiny metal clips and a collar with her name on it) and after Mona put her hand
on Barbie Dahl's ass she said: "Very well then, I want all of you accept for
Moesha to start and take those new cloths to Barbie's room and by that I meant
for the doll's room, then I want that you will place them on her bad and Barbie
who will wait here for the new furniture, once they will arrive show them the
way to Barbie's room and then I want you to have sex with them in order of
paying for them... if they will refuse then you will agree to every deal that
they will offer you, is that clear Barbie or that you want to be a part of the
pluming tonight at the party?"

Then after Mona finished Barbie Dahl shook her violently as she motioned: Yes,
and then she said: "I will do everything mistress." And that was when Mona took
Moesha to her (to Mona's) room where they saw Moesha literally hanging from the
cross after she received more pleasure then she ever had.

Meanwhile outside of the house a few minutes after Mona and Moesha got into the
room and the rest of the slaves began to do what they were told, a truck came
into the parking and then 11 big and strong women came out, then after Barbie
offered them the deal that Mona told her they refused and the new deal was that
while they will work she will service them in the truck and then she will take
part in a lesbian gang-bang.

Then after she considered her options Barbie agreed and so after she showed them
the room she serviced them one at a time until they finished and then she was
gang-banged (still dressed) for an entire hour until everything was set and then
she crawled into the house.

Then after teasing Monique, Mona ordered Moesha to strip and once she finished
then after she gave Moesha the kea to the handcuffs and ordered her to release
Monique, Mona said: "now Monique, do you remember when Anne told you that you
will become the slave of her slaves? Well when I visited in her office today she
told me to use Moesha in order of training you for that job so today you will
learn how to serve women and in the party today you will have sex with every
slave that you will see and the mistress or I will allow you to... we know that
you prefer men but this is what the mistress chose for you and that will be what
you will do."

"Moesha, please don't do this." Monique began to beg but Moesha slapped her hard
before saying: "I'm sorry Miss Mona but there is something that I have to say:
you see Zack, I have no choice... that what the mistress wanted and I don't want
to return back to my former life, Zack... I like to be here with the mistress,
Zack."

Then after hearing Moesha and seeing how Monique was humiliated by her former
wife she said: "Now for the next few hours you will learn: how to use your
tongue in order of pleasuring women because most of the slaves are miserable and
need some comfort in their life, you will learn how to take a cock in your ass
as a strap on dildoes will be delivered to the slaves who will get permission,
basically we will teach you how to be a slut shell we begin Moesha?"

"Yes Miss Mona." and with that Monique's training began.

Meanwhile Anne's car arrived to the house of Barbie's parents and after Anne
told her dolls to wait for her in the car she went into the house after she told
her dolls to wait for her in the car and while they did as they were told they
used the opportunity to get some rest.

The first place that they went to was Barbie's old room where Barbie's father
was tied to the floor sobbing, then Anne kicked him and when he looked up he
said: "So the little slave returned, where is my daughter: Rachel?"

"I don't know what do you mean, what daughter are you talking about?" Anne
asked.

"Don't play dumb slave, my daughter: Anna Smith!" the man said.

"First of all MY mother is not dumb like your daughter and by the way: I'm Anna
Smith and you are my slave: Dummy." Anne said.

"That can't be, you look just like your mother... so what you came here for?"
Dummy said.

"I'm here to finish a score with your wife but here I am finding my father, the
man who ruined mom's life so I guess that I will start with you." Anne said.

"What can you do?" Dummy asked s he mocked her.

"Well Dummy: the first thing that I will is to turn you into my goon, then I
will make sure that your sex life will go down the drain by making you to hate
men and women as you will be to ashamed with that cage, then I will make sure
that you and Liz will love each other but you two won't be able to be together
without fighting..." Anne began when she was rudely interrupted by the man
infront of her who began to laugh.

"And then what Anna? Besides how are you going to do? Did you became a fairy or
a witch?" Dummy said mocking his half daughter.

"Well, I am not a witch or a fairy for your luck because if I had powers then
you were in troubles, now before I'll tell you how I will do that let me finish:
you see Liz will become a bi-sexual slut and there will be a very long line for
her holes as she will take 10-15 men at the same time or 2-8 women at the time
and you will be here to be fucked by men ONLY at night while your not working as
my goon. Other then that you two will sell your cars and while you will drive on
that bike then Liz will remain home and work hard to get money for me... and I
will be able to do all of that with will be possible with the help of that
remote." Anne said as she showed Dummy a remote before she pressed on the button
and then after Dummy was in a full trance she released him and then after she
re-programmed the minds of Barbie's parents Anne returned to the car and they
drove home with Barbie's mom.

When they got into the house then all of the slaves and the sluts stood in line
has Anne said: "Now as everyone here knows, my boss has a birthday party today
and after speaking with Morganna today we decided that all of my female slaves,
especially the more well endowed ones, will be used as servers/waitresses for a
party."

"You will only wear really tall high heeled shoes, and their arms are tied
tightly behind their back, that will force your shoulders back and your tits out
and each of you will be fitted with a tray, to serve either drinks or hors
d'oeuvres." Anne said.

"Now there will be two groups that each will get a tray: The first will get a
tray that will sit just above your tits, and will be held up by both a strap
around your necks and another one around their backs. The bottom of the tray,
the part sitting on your tits, is filled with spikes, so that the more things on
the tray, the more painful it is to the slave... in this group there will all of
the women whose breasts her between: DD to HH." Anne said.

"The second group will get a tray that will sit just below their tits so that
their tits sit right on the top of the tray. The tray is held up identically,
around the neck and back. This time the idea is, that as the guests take their
drinks or hors d'oeuvres, the slave's tits get fondled and mauled... in this
group all the rest will take part of." Anne continued.

"Now my dear slaves... while you are serving the guests as waitresses, you might
also consider filling their ass holes with a large butt plug, and attached to
the large butt plug is a horse's tail that almost reaches the floor and let's
not forget the vibrating dildo, with a clital node, pressed tightly against your
clit, and turned to it's highest setting and a pair of large Ben Wa balls... by
the way: those in the second group will have their nipples fully erect, and then
tie a string around the base of their nipples, to keep them erect, now the first
group will go with Jasmine and me while the other group will go with
wonder-witch and Sherri... ho before I'll forget: Monique you will go with Mona
and Barbie and Cupcake you will get into your room where you will strip and have
fun." Anne finished and then the slaves were split as each went with the
person\persons that Anne told them and when they were ready then each was led
downstairs and their only comfort was that Monique was more humiliated then the
rest of the slaves and sluts.

And so the party began And Anne got a raise.

The end of Chapter 5.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 6&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;The preparations to the wedding of Mona and Monique\Zack.&gt;

The decliner:

The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up.

Note_1: that is the last chapter that the permissions will be at the bottom of
the story.
Note_2: That story is NOT a sequel to any of the stories that I borrowed
characters from, it is based only on what I know from the stories and just so
you know the story that the original author wrote might have another ending, for
example in the story "Yakuza Snuffbabes" by Llabmik Joy and Tiffany died at the
end.

Part 6a - Monique's wedding.

It has bean only Six months since Anne executed her boss's birthday party
according to Morganna's plan and now over the last six months she had planned
the wedding of her beloved Mona and her choice from some reason, Monique, who
made Anne and everyone who knew her sick as they knew that she wasn't a real
woman but a sissy who turned into a woman and today it was their wedding night
exactly 10 years after Monique and her first wife, Moesha, were kidnapped by the
gang.

In that time Anne also hired Dr. Brigs to Barbie's pleasure had now two dolls to
deal with as she helped Anne to come up with a program that will turn Moesha
into Anne's mindless slave and yet will be able to save 99% of her personality
that Anne will be able to play with.

Today not like in the other days Mona got permission from Anne to remain with
Mona and to make sure that Monique will become so hopeless and broken that she
won't dare to do anything without the specific order of her mistress\Dom\wife
Mona who decided to brake her wife and that her wife will be there in case the
mistress wanted her, tonight after the ceremony she will talk with Anne about
that question.

Meanwhile downstairs at the large dining room Anne assembled all of her
"veteran" slaves, dolls, assistants and maids on one side while a new group of
women stood on the other side and then after Anne arrived with her dolls and
Lisa arrived with her private and humiliated nurse, Anne said: "Barbie, Cupcake,
Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Karol, Moesha, Monique, Tits, Charlotte, Sherri,
Christina, Barbie Dahl, Jen-Jen, Jennifer, Karen, Squealer... I like you to
meet: my new maids, Emily Johnson and Donna Stanton... I also want you to meet
my new slut, Stacie Erickson, who was sold to me by my clients: Jackie who
standing next to her in the business suit..." then Anne took a little break
before she continued and said: "I also wants all of you to meet my new Doll:
Barbie and her sissy husband, Sport who I won over a game of cards... and the
last person is Brenda Davis who is a professional ponygirl and she was given to
me by my friends: Cindy York and Joan Halloway after I was the prosecutor in a
trial in which Cindy was the defense and after I won both the trial and a bet 
then I won myself a professional ponygirl who won lots of tracks, and she is the
raining European champion and just so you'll know, the women who is standing
next to her are: Cindy York and Joan... now as you can see there a few co-eds
over here who came from China together with Amber and Lynn who were a couple of
spies, those co-eds and the two spies will become the crew of maids that will
work in and out of the house... now I also have three harem girls whose names
are: Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen."

Then as everyone looked at the new Barbie and they saw that she had 60DD cups
and she was dressed in: a much-too-small pink and white polka-dotted tube top,
with tiny, skin-tight shorts, and of course, bright pink 6" heels.

Her face was painted with bright red (fuck me) lip stick & nail polish, rouge,
black eyeliner, maroon eye shadow, black mascara and just like the rest of
Anne's dolls she had: a long, platinum blonde tresses done into a severe French
curl that began at the top of her head (where a pretty pink bow rested) and
trailed down to the small of her back.

Her face was angelic beauty with a Porcelain skin with rosy, high cheek bones;
two, round eyes of an almost opaque, blue nature. When she blinked, her long eye
lashes fluttered like a doll's with pencil thin eyebrows rose high when she took
in her cute, perky, button nose, resting above a set of unbelievably fat,
collagen enhanced lips, shaped into a cupid's bow which were made into a
perfect, bee-sting pout.

The doll's lips were so puffy that she couldn't even close them as they seemed
to always be open in a perpetual "o" and were swathed in a coat of thick, pink
lip gloss and then they noticed the Doll fingering her new lips and then she
inserted her crusty finger deep into the her mouth. Instinctively, the doll's
fat lips closed around his finger, inviting and welcoming it like a tight vagina
before she fucked her own face.

Then Anne said: "well because I already have a Barbie so I will call you:
Dolly-doll, and now can you tell me how you were trained?"

"Well mistress, Dolly-Doll learned like a few Barbie basics... for example: how
to walk:  No slouching and stop walking like a man.  Dolly must hold your head
up, shoulders back; stick those new tits out like you're proud of them... after
all the first parts of Dolly's to enter a room are Dolly-doll's nipples so when
Dolly walk, she should cross those legs a bit; which means that Dolly should put
one foot directly in front of the other so that her hips sway like, well, like
the office bimbo." Dolly-doll began.

"Dolly used to be much too aloof when she was handed a compliment but now she
smiles and look into his eyes - and every man's eyes for that matter - like he's
the most fascinating creature you've ever met." Dolly-doll continued.

"Now when Dolly talk to a man, she don't look him in the face for more than five
seconds without glancing down at his cock, you know how they love that so Dolly
should: play with her hair a bit, lick her lips and try to seduce him."
Dolly-doll finished.

Then Anne smiled and informed her slave: "well that won't work anymore because I
am a lesbian and since you are MY new Barbie doll then you will serve me and you
will serve men when I will tell you as you will be put into the program that
your new family: Cupcake and Barbie Doll are taking a part of, understood?"

"Yes mistress." Dolly-doll replied.

"And you will call me and the rest of my dolls: Miss Anne, now who trained you?"
Anne asked.

"I had a few, Miss Anne." Dolly-doll replied.

"Who is this man with you, Shayla?" Anne asked as she pointed at a skinny and
nervous man who seemed to be afraid of women.

"That creature is Dolly-doll's husband and he will do just about anything when
threatened with violence or pain including eating ME at a moment's notice, or
giving his wife to anyone who asks, as you can see mistress I gave him a
buzz-cut, I also had him dressed in skin-tight bicycle shorts with a small,
wrinkled T-shirt, and girlish sneakers and ankle-socks." Shyla answered Anne's
question.

"You know what this means right Shayla?" Anne asked with a smile.

"No mistress, what?" Shayla asked.

Then after a few minutes Anne said: "I'm not your mistress anymore and just like
Mona you became a slave\mistress which means that you can control your slave and
I won't be able to do anything to stop you while you will remain as my slave and
assistant BUT you will spend more time with him then with me... now Dolly-Doll
go and stand with your new family members!"

Then after Dolly-Doll stood next to her 'family' members the slaves looked at
Stacie Erickson who was dressed in a very tight red outfit which had lot of
cleavage on the front and showed her tight ass, a Red collar and a matching
plastic 7" heels pumps and her face was painted with bright red (fuck me) lip
stick & nail polish, rouge, black eyeliner, maroon eye shadow, black mascara and
her Blonde hair now had, long French curls which reached to her heart shaped
ass.

Then they looked at the new maids and saw that while Donna Stanton was dressed
in a conservative French maid outfit then the other maid, Emily Johnson, was
dressed in: 6" plastic pumps, black fishnet stockings, garter belt, a tiny black
dress which had a slit on each side and showed lots of cleavage as it ended 2.5"
above her knees.

On her long neck she had a collar and on her head she had a ridicules maid's cap
and her face was painted with a heavy, slutty makeup such as bright red (fuck
me) lip stick and a nail polish, rouge, black eyeliner, maroon eye shadow, black
mascara and as always since she was demoted to a maid she had a gum in her
mouth.

Then they looked at Lynn looked fetchingly demure in her severe, tailor-made
business woman ensemble: below-the-knee navy blue skirt, white silk blouse,
form-fitting navy blue jacket, sheer stockings and gleaming black high heels
while her daughter, Amber, looked totally ravishing in her cheerleader outfit.

Both were classic full-figured, lightly tanned, California blonds.

Then they looked at the 10 female Chinese co-eds and so that each girl was
wearing an identical schoolgirl uniform: white blouse, pleated plaid skirt, navy
blue kneesocks, black penny loafers Blue vest and pink ribbons which held their
black hair in pigtails.

Then after they finished they looked at the three Blonde girls who stood next to
Mistress Gretchen who was dressed in head-to-toe leather outfit with spiked
boots.

Then Anne smiled as she looked at the girls who only wore stockings and high
heels before she said: "and now each girl will introduce herself, Miss
Gretchen." and that was when Mistress Gretchen grabbed the hand of the first one
who was terrified and then after the girl got into the center of the room she
said: "Hello Mistress Anne, my name is Cheryl and I am the slut of the group...
in a good day I can serve 10-14 men and 10 women."

Then after Cheryl finished she heard Anne saying: "I'll make a deal with you:
tonight you will work in my party and if you will do a perfect job then 90% of
your clients will be women unless I will decide otherwise, do we have a deal?"

"Yes mistress." Cheryl replied.

"Very well then, please return to the line... Gretchen, get me: Melody!" Anne
order as if talking to a slave.

"Who do you think that you are speaking to me like that you bitch?" Gretchen
said.

"I am Anne, the mistress of this house." Anne replied just as Gretchen attacked
her and so a match began which lasted for 2 minutes.

After it was over Gretchen was naked on the floor Anne informed her as she tied
her hands behind her back and Melody walked to the center of the room: "All of
my assistants her slaves and you'll learn as tonight you will be in a sex-show
with Cheryl... and that means that I am giving you into the hands of: Cheryl
Melody, and Brandi for training but first this slave wants to introduce
herself."

"Hello Mistress Anne, my name is Melody and in the sheik's palace I was
electrocuted as a part of sadistic experiment." The slave said.

"Very well then, I will offer you a deal: tonight you will still be shocked BUT
if tonight you will be nice then from now on I will only shock you when you are
a bad slave or when I will be board, deal?" Anne asked.

"Yes Mistress." Melody replied as she returned into the line and without a word
came the last girl who said: "Hello mistress Anne, my name is Brandi and until I
came over here I was the personal toy of: Achmed the Shitfucker!" the slave
replied.

"Tell me about him!" Anne ordered.

"Well mistress... He loves covering a woman with excrement from head to toe...
you see mistress, He works it into her hair, massages it into every square inch
of her skin: her face, her earholes, her breasts, between her toes, under her
fingernails, up her nose. He works it into every crack and orifice. That's
foreplay for good ole Achmed the Shitfucker!" Brandi began.

"WHAT?" Anne screamed shocked.

"Yes mistress, he takes his time so that you can really savor the experience and
then he coats his dick, slips it inside and gives you a long, leisurely fuck.
You two are a perfect match!" Brandi finished and then after a few seconds of
silence Anne said: "I understand that you have a special diet which is made
from: a dog's shit and piss so starting from tonight you'll begin to eat the
shit and drink the piss of a puppygirl, clear?"

"Yes Mistress." Brandi replied upset that there was no deal and then just as she
turned to go back to the line she felt a whip and when she turned she saw Anne
shaking her head.

"Now here I the deal, slave: if you will be good tonight then I will consider
adding to your diet some human food, do we have a deal?" Anne asked.

"Yes Mistress." Brandi replied as Melody and Cheryl came closer to Gretchen and
then the three slaves dragged her with them to the line and while they did that
Anne's 'veteran' slaves looked at the ponygirl who was dressed in a: pair of
Black boots which arrived to her knees, black fishnet stockings, Black
garter-belt, black thong, black leather harness with a head gear attached to it
and her "C" cup tits were shown, black horse-bit and a black mask which made
sure that the view of her field was very small.

Her hands were tied behind her back by a pair of cups which were attached to a
D-ring in the harness and she head bells on her harness and on her pierced
nipples, in her ass the helpless ponygirl had a butt-plug with long hair
attached to it.

Then before she left with her dolls to their new room she said: "Now before I'll
forget the following girls need to come with me: Moesha, I decided that you will
turn into my newest doll but not like the rest you will be able to think and to
keep in touch with your husband for one hour in a month so that you will have on
what to talk with him... Twit and Twat, you to will remain in the position that
your first mistress had in mind for you while your friend, Charlene, will turn
into my personal assistant which means that I will use you in case my dolls will
be to busy or when I will be board and that means that you will have to learn
everything about my slaves, maids and dolls... now Charlotte you will remain
with Sherri who will make you to work your ass of, Christina you will be the
little girl in my room, now since I'm not a financial lawyer or a business
woman, I'm a criminal lawyer and so I decided that Barbie Dahl will become my
financial adviser so that I will have money to support my dear mother."

"Now most of the time I work my ass of for idiots who can't even write their
names and so I decided that Jen-Jen will become my entertainment and that means
that you will dance for me and now Squealer, all I know about you is that you
hate being a slut so I decided to turn you into my personal new Doll in return
for a total submission and loyalty to me, do you agree?" Anne asked the shocked
Squealer who suddenly had a huge smile on her face.

"Yes Miss Anne, I will do whatever you say... just please don't make me have sex
with other people again." Squealer begged.

"Very well then, you will become my doll and after Mona will become a mistress a
married woman then Charlene will get a full time job so you better start
learning about the slaves." Anne said smiling to her new assistant.

"Yes Miss Anne." Squealer said.

"That will be all for now... now Melody, Cheryl and Brandi you have until the
wedding ceremony to break Gretchen, now everyone that I said their names will
come with me and that includes my dolls: cupcake, Barbie, Dolly-doll, Karol and
Moesha while the rest of you will get to work and start to get ready for the
wedding party!" Anne said and then she went away with the women that she said
while the other went to do their jobs.

Once Anne and the group got into the room she ordered them to strip and then
after they all were naked Anne put a leather, fingerless gloves on Jen-Jen's
hands before she threw the naked girl into a cage and Jen-Jen knew that she is
about to be the dancer and that she won't go anywhere while Charlene reverently
led her friends: twit and twat into a cage.

Then Anne led Barbie Dahl to an office table with a: phone, word processor,
several framed pictures of kittens and a nameplate with her name: "Barbie Dahl"
on it, she hated the nameplate more than anything else in this humiliating
parody of a secretary's station and with the candy-colored furnishings and
feminine decorations it was both symbols to remind her of what her new status
became: the bottom of the totem pole, junior to absolutely everybody; the least
important accessory; a mere decoration.

Her only comfort was that Monique's life was worst then her and that was when
Anne pulled the chair which had two 8" dildoes which were connected to the chair
with lots of straps, then after Anne forced Barbie Dahl to sit in the chair she
began to strip the straps and lock them up with the help of Charlene and then
after they finished Barbie immediately began to work while Anne took the dolls
and Charlene to another room where she began to bind Moesha as she followed
Anne's instructions as she bound squealer as followed: The first thing that Anne
did was to fasten, with Velcro, a wide black cloth like strap across her chest,
above and below her breasts which were used to monitor their respiration with
associated straps at her waist, thighs and ankles where also fasten in order to
keep her body still while the other devices took accurate readings of her body's
functions.

Next, she gently placed the back of her head into a cup like head rest and
another cloth strap was wrapped around her forehead holding her entire head
still and facing the TV set while Barbie and Cupcake set in the chair, then when
they finished they did the same to Dolly-doll and once she was ready then Anne
said: "Now my dears, this is what's going to happen: You are going to watch a
series of videos, X-rated ones: The first one will show a woman having
intercourse with a man. You are to watch the video from the woman's perspective,
even to the point of mimicking her movements and sounds... now if you want to
moan and groan more than she does feel free to do so, when her breasts are
touched, fondled and massaged you will do the same to your own, even when the
man does it to her.... When he begins thrusting his cock in and out of her wet
pussy the chair device your pussy dildoe is connected to will do the same. In
short my precious sex toy, for all intent and purposes, you will be that fucked
over woman in the movie. Kind of interesting isn't it my little love muffin."

"The next film will be of another woman having anal sex with a guy, and of
course you will copy her behavior to a tee as the both of you are butt fucked in
unionism... Once again the connected dildoe up your butt will match what you see
in the picture. The film after that will be of a woman giving a guy oral sex and
that is why this fake cock is so close to your mouth. You will give this dildoe
the exact same blow job the woman gives that guy and you will enjoy doing it
too, or at least act like you do. Even though I know you used to believe woman
should never lower themselves into performing oral sex, you will soon suck this
cock like it was the most natural thing for a woman to do, do you understand me
Dolls?"

Then all the dolls automatically shook their head yes, as Charlene looked on in
shock.

"The final movie will be a woman getting a gang bang, a whole bunch of guys will
be fucking her in all three holes at the same time... You of course will get and
perform the same way... Now, for your sake, I hope you decided to go with the
flow and become my dolls. Hell, you might even have an orgasm, or two, or three,
BUT whether you have an orgasm or not is unimportant, what is important is for
you to imitate those women's behavior as best you can... This is the beginning
of your training as a slut and sex toy for others.... You will run through each
video several times until I see you have mastered your new trade." Anne informed
all of the dolls smiling.

"Tomorrow will be another day with a quick review of today with something else
new to learn and that's how the entire summer is going to be: review of what was
and experience something new, just like school but instead of a rich variety of
academic professors training and educating your mind for a future of your own
creation, "I" am going to train and educate your mind, body and soul for a
destiny of "MY" choosing and of course change your entire life in the process."
Anne continued.

"I bet you are wondering why I'll have you watch videos of a man, men, having
sex with a women since I am a full fledge lesbian, aren't you my little cum
twats? Well two reasons: first, the system needs a true base line regarding your
sexual responses.... Having you imitate two women making love would have given
me many false reading and result in you actually setting yourself free from me
one day and we can't have that, now can we sweeties? So I had you watch, and
mimic, what comes natural, and IS natural to you. Well, maybe the gang bang and
oral sex was not quite in your repertoire, but never-the-less it was useful and
IS now but tomorrow or later on before the wedding we will start training you on
women and soon you will think of nothing else but having sex with women, I can
hardly wait for that day doll." Anne said all excited.

"Second, even though I am a lesbian and you are being transformed into some
"thing" that I want you to become, it doesn't mean I won't share you with others
and those others being male too (or at list half-male) and I'm not talking about
Monique... Thus you will have to please them in anyway they like which means
taking it in whatever hole they want to stick it to you in, and that is why the
vanilla training itinerary but fear not my soon to be bimbo tarts, you will not
have very many men to please. I will see to that." Anne said before she pressed
the button which started the program.

Then as the dolls did as they were told Anne dressed Charlene in a Chauffer's
uniform which included: red g-string abbreviated matching red vest, red
chauffer's cap and a Black boots before she took her to the car and they drove
to the office.

Meanwhile in another part of the room Monique was sitting on a chair with a
ring-gag inside her mouth with a 19" but-plugged which was shoved deep into her
ass (after it was dipped in a Tobasco sauce) which was very sore after Mona
spanked and waxed it for the last two hours since it was 03:00 and then she
fucked Mona for three hours since she woke up from the excitement of getting
married to this broken 'woman' who over the last six months Mona spent on
training her to forget that she used to be a straight man, then a she-male as
she turned Monique into her submissive slut.

Then Mona shoved a 9" dildo into Monique's mouth which she had to suck loud
until Mona told her to stop and pulled it from her sobbing fiancee's mouth but
then she had a change of heart so she re-placed the dildo in Monique's mouth and
began to viciously fuck Monique's face and to slap her hard while the poor woman
screamed and drool began to drop from the abused slave's mouth for ten minutes
until Mona thought that her slave was abused enough and set in the chair so that
Monique would be able to lick the dildo and humiliate herself but unfortunately
for Monique, Mona had a riding crop which she used on her helpless fiancee whose
screams became a muffled yelp.

Then a few minutes later Mona informed her sobbing fiancee: "now honey, after
we'll get married tonight you will be: humiliated, tortured, fucked in your ass
and service me... and remember that if you want to see Moesha in the hourly
visit and not to talk by mail then you must make me happy and to be a real nice
submissive, got it?"

"MMM... MMMOOONNNAA." Monique replied threw her gag as Mona pulled the dildo out
and began to pinch her nipples hard before she took another dildo and after she
dipped it in a Tobasco sauce just like the but plug she shoved it into the
artificial pussy and watched as her wife squirmed and moaned in pain.

"You will never tell me: NO and tonight at the ceremony you better not to try
and humiliate Anne and me or else Moesha will be in a gang bang for the next:
360 days... now I'm sorry honey but Anne wanted me to get Barbie's parents to
the party so I have to go but I will return with Barbie's father who will enjoy
to fuck you after Anne cancelled his sex-life six months ago as a revenge for
what he did to her mother, Lisa." Mona said as she began to whip Monique's
nipples before she began to stuck pins on her body, then when on all the pins
ran out she covered the body of the now fighting and screaming Monique with
cloth-pins before she left her slave and wife to be sobbing from the pain and as
she thought about Moesha and blamed herself as she couldn't protect her, as she
promised to do in her wedding vows 10 years ago.

* * * * * * *
Meanwhile in the firm it was now 08:30 and Anne was not supposed to come into
the firm with the ceremony and party arrangements when the main door opened and
there was a brunette woman who wore: a pair of glasses, Black leather outfit and
a pair of boots and she was accompanied with a pair of young women, one of them
was a redhead with long hair which was in a ponytail and rested on her back
while the other had a brown hair that reached her neck.

Then just as the brunette was about to go to the receptionist, Anne got into the
firm dressed in: long Black dress, white buttons shirt, tie and a jacket and a
pair of glasses on her face while she was lecturing the humiliated woman who
walked next to her and was carrying a few folders and a briefcase.

Then when Anne arrived to the receptionist's station she kissed her mother who
looked completely shocked before she moved on while Lisa asked the Brunette:
"Hello, welcome to Phillips and co., I'm Lisa and how may I help you?"

"I'm Anastasia DeCobray and I have a meeting with Anne Smith." The woman
replied.

"Please wait." Lisa said as she pressed a button.

"Yes Lis' what can I do for you?" Anne asked.

"Anastasia DeCobray arrived to your meeting..." Lisa began to say when she saw
Anne arriving from her office.

"Anastasia, please come with me." Anne said.

"Before we will go to your office, Anne... Now may I introduce you to your new
slaves: Lady-Jane and Scarlet who once were members in the GI Joe." Anastasia
said before she and her captives followed Anne to her office and once in the
office they saw that there was a box with something written on it and then after
Anne and Anastasia set down she ordered the ex soldiers to strip.

Then after they heard the order then both Lady Jane and Scarlet opened the
trenchcoat and dropped it on the floor before they walked to where Anne set and
once they got to her they stood infront of her and looked in silent horror as
Anastasia gave Anne a remote and said: "Lady-Jane and Scarlet are two of the
most dangerous women that we know and that was why after they finished their
training as sex-slave we connected their mind and will to this remote by the
cobra shaped bracelet that each wears on her forearm which they can't remove and
because they also can not touch the remote then you can say that they are locked
in a prison within her own mind, able to see and hear but unable to control
anything while they will do your beading."

"I know what you mean, I have some of those back home." Anne said as she handed
the briefcase which was full with money to Anastasia who walked away after she
counted the money (which were used later on for her retirement pension) and left
a silver Bikini top on Anne's desk.

Then when they were alone Anne put the remote on her desk and began to read the
instructions for the remote until she knew everything and then she tore the
paper before she inspected Lady-Jane  who was dressed in: green Bikini which had
lots of cleavage on the top while in the bottom the bikini rode inside her ass
while on her hands she had green fingerless opera gloves with the cobra symbol
(which Anne removed, not wanting to share her new toy with anyone) and a cobra
shaped bracelet on her right forearm and on  her feat she wore a pair of green
sandals and her face just like the face of Scarlet were covered with: bright red
lipstick and nail polish, rouge, black eyeliner, maroon eye shadow and a black
mascara.

When Anne finished to look at lady-Jane she began to inspect Scarlet who was
dressed in a silver bikini bottom which had a V-cut on the front and just like
her friend's it rode deep into her ass, a Bikini top was made of three pearls
chains which connected and held two golden Cobra symbols on her tits and showed
more then it covered which Anne replaced with the silver Bikini top (from the
same reason that she removed Lady Jane's gloves), on her left hand she had the
same cobra shaped bracelet on her forearm while on her other hand the sexy
redhead had a silver slave bracelet while on her wrist she had 3 silver
bracelets and just like Lady-Jane she had a pair of sandals but hers was in
silver.

Then Anne informed the new slaves: "okay my lovelies, from now on you will live
according to the following rules and it doesn't matter if the remote is ON or
OFF:

1. I'm your mistress which means that you have to do what I order you to.
2. From now on when I ask you a question you will answer with a simple: 'yes
ma'am' or in some cases 'no ma'am'
3. Your former life are not important accept for your fighting skills which will
be used to protect me.
4. The only cloths that you will be allowed to wear are what you have in now.
5. You will never attack me or anyone that I know when the remote will be off.
6. Lady-Jane, this rule is for you: because you are no longer a lady then I
strip you of that title and from now on you will answer to: Jane.
7. From now on your hair must to be in a bun and your makeup must include:
covered with: bright red lipstick and nail polish, rouge, black eyeliner, maroon
eye shadow and a black mascara.
8. From now on your only existent will be in order of servicing me.

Do you understand me?... now after you answer I want you to kneel next to me
with your hands on your ass for posture.", then when Anne finished the new
slaves answered in unison: "Yes ma'am." like two good and trained soldiers
before each woman knelt on each side of her chair with her hands on her ass
(giving Anne a nice view on their cleavage) and that was when Charlene without
any need to be ordered crawled under Anne's dress and began to lick her.

Meanwhile Mona arrived into the house of Barbie's parents where she was greeted
by a sobbing Dummy who was naked and she could see his pierced body parts as
well as the cage and the leather ball sack with the little sack that his balls
were in as well as the welts which Lisa left him with after she visited with
Anne last night.

Then Mona followed him to the living room and while they waited for Liz to
finish and when she finely did finished then the former happy couple were
standing with a vibrate, Long, fat, rubber dildoe inside their ass infront of
Mona as they remembered how they used to sit together where Mona set and laugh
about what they did to Lisa as they drank some wine but now here they were
infront of this big titted slut.

Then Mona decided to have fun with Liz so she took her to her room where Mona
dressed her just like her daughter when they lest saw her so she took out the
dildoes and then Mona covered Liz's entire body will be covered from head to toe
in hot pink rubber before she dressed her in a severe black leather corset.

Then Mona tied Liz's arms behind your back in a black leather single glove and
she kept pulling the straps until Liz felt her elbows touch behind her back and
then she forced Liz's lets into a knee high, stiletto heeled, black shiny boots
with short linked ankle cuffs with them, and then as the bound bimbo mince
around in dainty little steps with her heels clicking upon a hard floor Mona
went to the table where she put the vibrator and the she re-filled Liz's holes
with the Long, fat, rubber dildoes but now it was also in her ass and not only
in her pussy before she said: "Now remember slave:  with this I can control you
even from afar, so this is the code that we will work by: One ass shock for
turning left, one pussy shock for turning right, A vibrating ass plug for
backing up and a vibrating pussy plug for moving straight ahead and one big ass
shock to get you going and a equal or better shock to you pussy to stop, clear?"

Then after Liz shock her head in comply Mona began to work on the area of her
head as she placed a rigid corset neck collar first off which held that pretty
empty head of Liz still, erect and constantly looking forward before she shoved
an inflatable bladder gag into Liz's mouth which was a nice combination with a
whole head hardness will look good on you at that party honey pot with lots of
thin black leather straps going around your pink latex clad head.

Then after Mona finished to buckle the straps all nice and firm she began to
pump up that bladder gag until she got that glassy eye look from her eyes (which
she remember how it felt from the time that Lisa trained her before the second
breakdown.) and then she took her downstairs where she called Anne to the office
and once there was an answer she heard Lisa screaming: "ANNE, THAT WAS MY
FAVORITE CHAIOR... NOW WHAT I NEED TO DO? DID YOU FORGET THAT I CAN'T WALK OR
EVEN STAND WITHOUT THAT CHAIR? WHO WAS THE GEANIUS WHO GAVE YOU THAT BRILLIANT
IDEA TO SQUASH MY CHAIR UNDER THAT MAMOTH? JUST TELL ME AND SHE WON'T BE ABLE TO
SIT FOR A WEEK AFTER I WILL DO WITH HER... SHE WILL SWEAR THAT IDEA FOR THE REST
OF HER LIFE..." then when Lisa calmed down a bit Mona heard a woman saying:
"Phillips and co. how may I help you?"

"My name is Mona and I'm looking for Anne." Mona replied.

"One minute please... Miss Anne you have a call." the woman said.

"TELL HER THAT ANNE IS BUSY!" Mona heard Lisa screaming but then after a few
minutes she heard Anne saying: "Relax ma, I'll get you new chair, Hello?"

"Mistress, what happened?" Mona asked.

"A fat woman came into the firm and wanted to meet with me but we couldn't get
her into the office, we tried everything from butter to mom's chair." Anne said.

"So why Mistress Lisa is upset?" Mona asked.

"Because I had to use her chair to push that woman in and when she set on it the
chair broke up." Anne replied.

"Mistress Lisa won't take her frustrations on me once again, right Anne?" Mona
asked.

"No, I sent Charlene to bring her the second chair... she blames me so there is
no need for you to be worried besides I hope that until the ceremony she will
feel better... by the way Mona, I found the where the 'rude' hide the money that
he got for all the cars that he sold." Anne said.

"Really? You are going after that for 2 years now and every time there is a
problem... what make you so sure that this time you found it Anne?" Mona asked.

"I checked and rechecked and since 1969 London became bigger then what it was."
Anne replied.

"And where did he hide the cash, Anne?" Mona asked.

"In Soho, London under one of the most famous stores in the area and according
to a check that I made we're going to get 999,999,999.99$ if what I think is
right and after all of this time that I spent as a lawyer I can assure you that
I am write." Anne replied.

"So are you going to London?" Mona asked.

"No, by the way have you finished what I told you?" Anne asked.

"I finished with Liz and now it is time to get Dummy." Mona replied.

"Very well, go back to work." Anne said as she hang up the phone and while she
helped her mother into her new wheelchair Mona told Liz to wait as she took
Liz's husband with her to his room and thought what to do with him.

* * * * * * *
Back at Anne's office the now topless Jane licked Anne's right shoe while the
topless Scarlet licked her right shoe and Charlene was dancing naked as two
women came in carrying a gym beg: the first one was a redhead who was dressed
in:  a white lace blouse which was open in a V all the way from her shoulders to
a point on the center of her waist, showing all of her glorious cleavage with a
minimal red bra which could be seen through the blouse and plainly visible
across the open skin below her bounteous breasts.

She wore a black leather micro mini skirt, black fishnet hose, and thigh high
glossy black spike heeled boots which came to just below the hem of her skirt.

There was a wide shiny black dog collar around her neck with her name: "Meredith
Jane Osborn" printed in the dog tag, a belt which was deeper in the front than
the sides pulled in her tiny waist almost as much as a corset, also in glossy
black, and gloves which matched her boots came almost all the way up her arms to
the short sleeves on her shoulders and her fingers of her left glove were
seeming to loosely hold the short golden chain strap of a small black purse.

The other one was a more mature blond who was dressed in: hot pink Lycra spandex
micromini dress, a pair of pink knee high boots, ring collection which had each
finger was adorned with a garish stone of one sort or another, nose ring, two
huge loops of silver were strung through her ear lobes, and four bands of silver
were placed around each wrist.

The black leather choker was strung around her neck, and then hitched with a
tiny padlock that her key sometimes refused to open.

Then Anne asked them: "are you my new henchwomen: Meredith Jane and Ellen?"

"Yes Miss Anne." Both women answered in unison and that was when Anne saw
Charlene who stopped to dance and tried to cover herself as she tried to
maintain and regain some of her lost dignity.

"Well them: Scarlet and Jane go to punish Charlene while the two of you will
change into your identities!" Anne order as her new henchwomen (another word
for: slaves in Anne's vocabulary) who obediently began to strip while Scarlet
and Jane stopped to lick Anne's shoes and went to where Charlene stood and began
to spank her ass after each grabbed one of her hands.

Then when the two women were naked, they opened their begs and began to dress in
their: dark green full bodysuit, skimpy leotard, opera length gloves, thigh high
boots with heels that made them cringe, a choker, and a large bag that looked
like a purse with a shoulder strap with a latex mask that they pulled over the
head, with a long Green Goblin hat on top in a very erotic way as they saw that
Anne's full attention was on them.

The face that was painted on this mask was almost too beautiful to imagine.

Then Meredith Jane and Ellen picked up the tiny leotard and slipped their legs
through its openings and again like always they were astounded at the way it
rode high on their torso, the leg openings actually starting at her waist. It
barely covered her crotch, and she could feel that it covered very little of her
ass cheeks, either and it clung tightly to her waist, and as she brought it up
to her now huge breasts, it molded to them, hugging each globe tightly.

Then they pulled the shoulder straps up over her arms, and felt the support
given to their breasts by the leotard shaping them and molding them tightly.

Then they reached for the first of the boots (and as they did it they gave Anne
a good look at their cleavage as if they tried to seduce her so that they won't
have to return to the man who did this to them) and pulled down the zipper to
open it up.

Leaning against the wall, they slowly inserted her foot into the extreme arch
and wiggled their toes to settle them into the pointed toe of the boot.

Then they pulled the zipper up until the boot was secure around their upper
thigh.

It was not a hard leather but some kind of material that molded itself to her
calves and thighs and then they picked up the other boot and repeated the
process and then when they finished the heels raised their ankles at least six
inches off the floor but Meredith Jane and Ellen found that they had no problem
balancing in them (as they continued to seduce Anne who they knew that was a
lesbian who collects a beautiful things) and after taking a few cautious steps,
discovered that walking in them seemed like second nature.

Then they reached down and picked up the two gloves, pulling one onto each arm
and seeing that they clung to her arms the way the boots did their legs and then
they picked up the shoulder bag, and slung it over her head to their right
shoulder, letting it hang near their waist's left side. It was hardly necessary
for clothing purposes, but they found themselves putting the choker around their
neck as if it belonged there.

Then they picked up the mask and slowly after turning their hair into a buns
they pulled it over their heads, then after a short inspection Anne said as she
smiled with an evil smile: "well, Meredith Jane and Ellen, I decided that you
two will become my slaves like: Charlene, Jane and Scarlet... do you agree?"

"Yes mistress." Both women answered in unison.

"From now on the five of you will be called: Jane, Scarlet, Charlene, Meredith
Jane and Ellen Smith as you will become my submissive lovers at night when we
will go to bed while you are not serving in the positions that I will tell you
and that means that you will do as I say, is that clear?" Anne asked and each
slave answered to her one at a time as they were told.

Then after all the slaves finished Anne ordered: Jane and Scarlet to lick her
right shoe while Meredith Jane and Ellen were told to lick her left shoe and
Charlene was told to lick her pussy until she was pleased and thought that they
degraded themselves enough as the began to slobber over her shoes and that was
when told Meredith Jane and Ellen to change cloths and when they finished Anne
gave Charlene her cloths and boots and once she was dressed Anne took all of
them to the car and they drove home as Anne had a job to do in the new building
that she bought and in which she held most of her slaves as it was built by
cells like a jail so that the slaves will feel right at home.

Meanwhile back at Barbie's parents dummy was on his hands and knees licking
Mona's shoes with a pair of rollers in his hair which was longer then Mona's
hair while the sadistic slave thought on a way to humiliate him as she knew that
her mistresses for the next 15 hours would like to see him, it was hard for Mona
to concentrate because she loved Anne but at the same time she felt free but for
her relief she knew that even though she is free from one mistress she still has
Lisa to deal with while her bride remains Anne's slave so she was happy because
she knew that Anne won't use Monique (because Monique made her sick and she
always used her to pleasure the other slaves) who will become her source of
freedom when Lisa will use and torture her.

Then after she pulled herself together Mona told Dummy to stop as she shoved
pink dildo into his ass, then she helped him to his knees before she took one of
his hands and placed it on the dildo while the other went to the cage and then
she told him: "use your hand to fuck your ass while with your other hand you
will grab your caged dick and start to pull it as if that dick of yours was rock
hard and enjoy the pain!" then when she finished he began to do as she ordered
him while Mona went to the closet and chose cloths for him as he looked at her
moaning.

Then after Mona finished she set on the bed and after she took a camera and
pointed at the helpless dummy she said: "So tell me, dummy how is it to be the
slave of your own daughter and her mother who love to see you humiliated?"

"HOOOOOOOOOOOO... h-how Th-that b-bitch doesn't hu-hurt... mmmgfff... y-you?"
Dummy answered.

"Don't hurt me? I have more red welts then skin but if you will ask mistress
Lisa then you will find out that she hates you more then she hates me and maybe
I'll be able to make sure that she won't hurt me... now are you ready to get
dressed?" Mona asked.

"Please, have mercy?" the broken dummy said but it was for no avail as Mona took
the dildo from Dummy's ass and helped him to stand and then after she ordered
him to take his hand of from the cage she dressed dummy in: short skirts which
barely covered his cage, tight, low-cut blouse, displaying lots of tit and a
little areola (as he turned over the last six-months into a she-male like
Monique used to be until Mona decided with the permission of Anne that Monique
will become a lesbian), crotchless panties, half-cup with nipple-less cup, thigh
high stockings and 9" spiked stiletto, high heeled shoes, and heavy slutty
make-up which was consisted of: bright red (fuck me) lip stick & nail polish,
rouge, black eyeliner, maroon eye shadow, black mascara.

Then she called the office and after she informed Lisa in what she did and heard
how happy her mistress was and after she got a promise from Lisa that if she
really did it then she will have more time free to spend with Monique she took
the two slaves and drove to Anne's house.

* * * * * * *
The first car to arrive was Mona's car with the sobbing couple in the trunk,
then after parking the car Mona went to her room as she knew that Jennifer and
Erica (Ms. Americana's name as Anne's slave) will come soon and will take them
to the kitchen where they will be locked in some cabinet as she went to her room
where she saw Monique mumbling: "Moesha I love you." and that was the straw who
broke the camel's back.

Then when Mona came closer to him she was surprised to see that Monique was
asleep and so as she began to pull the pins out the poor woman began to scream
until the last one was out and then she saw Mona pouring alcohol on her body and
she began to fear.

When Mona finished she released Monique before she dressed her in: short skirts
which barely covered the artificial pussy, tight, low-cut blouses, displaying
lots of tit, and perhaps even a little areola, crotchless panties, half-cup bra,
thigh high stockings and 10" spiked stiletto, high heeled shoes, and heavy
slutty make-up.

Then Monique took her fiancee, a few tapes and a camera and began to film as for
the next 6 hours until it was 19:00 and in that time Monique was take out in
public to show him off, then Mona took her fiancee to a strip bars, and let the
men paw her or in some cases she made her work as a stripper, where the men will
put their tips, in his "bra" or "panties", before Monique did some lap dances
and friction dances.

Then Mona took Monique to some back alley where many homeless men are residing,
and let them have their way with her after she let them know that Monique
especially likes to get ass fucked, and is a bj specialist while she taped it
all in order of using it in the future and then as they went to the next place
she informed him that to the months the daily hour with Moesha that she thought
of letting her to have with Moesha her canceled and that she will talk with Anne
about it before the party.

Meanwhile 3 hours after Mona left with Monique, Anne's car arrived to the
building and then just as the car stopped Charlene tried to escape but she was
stopped by Jane and Scarlet who dragged her to the building as Anne led them
inside until they got a room which had a map and a cargo crates, then after they
stripped Charlene and re-dressed her in: gold halter bra with fringe trim and
purple and green veiled skirt, they tied her to a chair, Anne took them on a
tour.

In the first cell they saw the famous: JoJo who was disappeared five years ago
and here she was dressed in a short red plaid skirt which barely covered the
edge of her pussy with white, tight tie top which was way to small for the
helpless woman.

In the cell next to her was: Joanne who used to work in an health-club before
she was disappeared at the same time and was dressed just like when that
happened with: Sweatband holding her long blond hair in place, a loose sweat top
covering the fact that she was bra-less, skintight spandex shorts that revealed
no trace of a panty line but did outline her cuntlips, wearing expensive running
shoes and white sweat socks, Joanne was one yummy fitness babe.

Then they moved into the cell before the cell of JoJo where they saw JoJo's
friend Lisl who was dressed in: plastic sandals, leather micromini skirt,
leather bra with shiny metal clips and a plastic Black collar, Lisl's hands had
a slave-bracelets which were attached to the ceiling while a Japanese woman
spanked her Pussy with one hand and waved with the other to Anne.

At the cell next to Lisl was Mitzi, a former stewardess who vanished with her
friend Kirsten from the health club and from her look she was there to long as
she wore: 6" heels, fishnet stocking, skimpy black dress which had a huge
cleavage with two slits and the sides and looked as if it was held by the tiny
straps and the chain link belt which was tied around her neck.

And in the cell next to her was Kirsten who was dressed the same as Mitzi accept
that her dress was tied around her neck.

At the next cell they saw: Cheryl and Patrice who were tied to a post and
squealed hoarsely as a pig rested the tip of their ass-reamers against the tight
entrance to their windward passage and began screwing it open.

In the next cell were the two sisters: Joy and Tiffany who was dressed in a
Spicy Rag Doll costume which included: a midriff top and cap sleeves, mini
skirt, apron, choker, mob cap, yarn pigtails, and striped leggings with their
stepmother, Ursula, who was dressed in a Heidi Ho Dress which included: a tight
fitting bodice with scoop neck, puffy sleeves and red heart accents around skirt
as she humiliated the helpless girls.

Then Anne opened the door to the cell and grabbed Joy and Tiffany's hair before
she dragged each one to separate cells and threw each girl in after she dressed
them in a matching outfit which included: flat black shoes, white stockings
which arrived to their heels, pink garter, lacy red panties and bras, a plated
skirt which was only 2" under the pussy line which allowed a view of their
panties when they bent, white buttons shirt with all the buttons missing and a
jacket which supported the letters: AP (Anne's property) on the dash.

Other then that each slave had a 10" Plastic vibrator in her Pussy and another
one in her ass which had a remote and when the little "girls" were good then
they got a treat, each slave also had a ben wa balls which made them so horny
and kept the two helpless slaves in a constant arousal on the way to the cells,
their faces were painted like a doll's face and each supported a different
hairstyle: Joy had her hair done in pigtails while Tiffany had a blonde
ponytail.

From there Anne took her new assistant back to wear Charlene was and allowed
them to look at the albums which had a before and after pictures of the slaves
and that was when Anne heard someone coming and when she turned around she saw
her friend: Daryl Dannen, who was dressed in a formal, red evening gown with her
slave: Lydia Wilson, one of her former students, who was dressed in a slut
outfit which included: in a super tight, super low cut blouse with no bra on
underneath, so that her areolas and nipples are very obviously tenting the thin,
stretchy material of the blouse, a skirt so short that her pussy and ass cheeks
are peaking out, and a pair of 6" spiked high heeled shoes.

And there was Lydia's former boyfriend who was dressed in: Red garter belt, Red
stockings, a 9", red butt plug with a Red tail attached to it and a pair of Red
6" spiked heeled sandals.

Then after her Anne saw her friend: Caitlan, who she didn't get to see when she
was sent of after what happened and there she was with her slave who was also
her sister-in-law: Marilee, who was dressed in a tight, Pink spandex minidress
and a pair 7" pink pumps and her brother who used to "rat" on her but now he was
dressed in Pink garter belt, Pink stockings, a 9", Pink butt plug with a Pink
tail attached to it and a pair of Pink 6" spiked heeled sandals.

Then after Anne hugged her friends she saw Lisa being pushed by her
personal-slave, Mitzi with a sadistic smile on her face and when she was close
enough and Anne asked her what happened she answered her: "Anna, I'm tired of
being someone that I'm not."

"What do you mean?" Anne asked.

"I'm not a mistress, that is Lisa's job and she as well as I need to have a
break from this job... you see Anna, I love you with all of my heart but it is
time for me to move on and that Rachel will return to be what she is: a quite
woman who loves her daughter and smart enough to know when to back down... I had
two breakdowns Anna, Lisa is to dangerous for me and if I won't stop then I will
be in trouble BUT the good news her that I found a new love and Mitzi agrees to
let me have a chance with her as two free women so please don't be upset but I'm
giving you Mona as a gift, BUT I want to share Liz and Dummy so that I will be
able to use them and I would also like to request that Dummy will turn into a
transsexual and would only love to have sex with men more then with his own
wife." Rachel concluded her arguments and before she knew what happened Anne
hugged her and wished her luck after she promised her that she will do most of
what Rachel wanted.

Then after thy finished Anne released Charlene and took her together with Jane,
Scarlet, Meredith Jane and Ellen to a corner and when they arrived to that
corner Anne began to explain the situation to Meredith Jane and Ellen while Jane
licked her right foot, Scarlet licked her left shoe and Charlene licked her
pussy: "look, I know that the two of you are not trusting anyone but I decided
to give you a chance to live some sort of life."

"What do you mean?" Meredith Jane asked her.

"You see: I have my own vocabulary and in it a henchwoman is a slave BUT not a
regular slave. It means that even though I will be your mistress, then the
henchwomen will actually live their lives as free women, and that what I want
the two Goblinettes Ellen and Meredith Jane to become even though you will have
to work for this life. But you won't be controlled by the Green Goblin or anyone
else but for your mistress who knows the best what is good for you so do you
prefer me over the Green Goblin?" Anne asked.

"Well, don't take it wrong... we would love to be yours but you'll need to break
the control that so do you have any magical or scientific abilities?  Maybe just
good hypnosis skills? It has to be something which would go to the basis of each
girl's mind, eliminating the connection to Norman and initiating a connection to
you." Ellen explained to Anne who motioned them to follow her until they got to
a soundproof cell.

"Well, let's try something... I want you to look into my Blue eyes... feel
yourself being drawn into them... you are powerless to resist me... do you feel
it?" Anne began to hypnotize the women.

"Yes Miss Anne." both women answered in unison.

"Good... now I want the two of you to listen to what I say because everything I
say is true and you know must obey me so you BELIEVE you are hypnotized, deeply
under my hypnotic influence... Helpless to resist me... You BELIEVE this, so it
is true. As I touch your body you know it belongs to me, as my voice touches
your mind you know that it, too belongs only to me..." Anne continued her work
as she began to strip the women infront of the shocked eyes of Ms. Daryl Dannen
and Caitlan who laughed at her when she told them that she knows a few new
tricks and then when Anne finished to strip the two women she took out her
little notebook from her purse and wrote in it: 'Buy a nice gift to: Geri,
Morganna, Wendy and Leticia... that is the 2nd time that the tricks that they
taught me helped me.' before she closed it and returned it to her purse.

"You know what a mantra is? It is a phrase that you repeat that holds an
important truth for you....you have a mantra, Lydia. Your mantra is-- I MUST
obey Miss Anne in ALL things... why don't you repeat your mantra for me?" Anne
asked smiling.

"I must obey Miss Anne in all things." Meredith Jane and Ellen answered.

"Again, my pets!"

"I must obey Miss Anne in all things."

"Say it again!"

"I must obey Miss Anne in all things."

"Say it over and over until I tell you to stop and say it LOUD!"

"I MUST OBEY MISS ANNE IN ALL THINGS ....I MUST OBEY MISS ANNE DANNEN IN ALL
THINGS.... I MUST OBEY MISS ANNE IN ALL THINGS... I MUST..... I MUST ... I MUST
..."

Then as the entranced women shouted the phrase over and over again the sound was
absorbed by the padded interior of the soundproof cell while Anne opened the TV
which showed the program that she worked on with Dr. Brigs and then after a few
minutes she said: "That's true Meredith Jane and Ellen that I don't have any
powers but that never stopped me... and as we know it so just listen now as I
instruct you on how you must listen and obey each of my commands... You know
that it is your place in life to be my slave... I am your Mistress... you WANT
to do EVERYTHING I tell you to do... You have no free will... You MUST do
everything I tell you to do..."

This time without even being commanded to do so both women repeated the
instructions: "I MUST do EVERYTHING you tell me to do...Mistress" as Anne smiled
in triumph before she said: "Now, when ALL resistance has left your mind, when
you know deep in your heart you are ready to totally surrender to me, with no
resistance, no hesitation you may fall to your knees and worship me... you will
KNOW when you have surrendered completely so you will know when it is time to
kneel down before me... just keep repeating your mantra in your mind and you
will know... you will know you are too weak to ever resist me... you will
know..." Anne said and then she left the two women to look at the show while she
went to some cell and looked into the cell where the hated prosecutor Jane and
the supermodel, Lucy Lovelace, who disappeared after the accident in the psych
hospital and here they was almost nude and truly made a bizarre appearance:
their torso was covered in an assortment of black leather straps with a wide one
went around her waist, tightly and seem to act as an anchoring point for all the
others.

The rest of their body harness went over their shoulders, crisscrossed their
chest, circled the base of their breasts and even ran down between their legs
and shaven labia lips, practically disappearing betwixt them while their arms
were forced behind their, elbows to wrist, and multi-strapped securely there.

On their feet she wore what looked like hoofs: the base of the shoe was "U"
shaped exactly like that of a horse's and then it rose up their highly arched
foot to just under their calf as it clearly forced her to walk on the balls of
her feet without any heel support what-so-ever.

But the most striking part of this human animal's costume was her head gear:
First off, their long flowing black hair had been shaven clean off on both sides
of their head, leaving a center furrow of hair running over and down their head
and this horse-like mane was braded with colorful ribbons throughout it's entire
length.

Another series of thin straps formed their head harness and was used to hold
their metal bridal bit firmly in their mouth and the bit was pulled so deeply
back and over her tongue that it caused the corners of their mouth to be shaped
into what looked like an artificial smile.

Other little accessories were added to complete their pony dressage: All their
straps had small shiny metal studs attached to them to make the artistic
symmetry of her harness and bondage really stand out, their make-up was put on
heavy to enhance her cute passionate long lashed eyes and taught red lips and a
large wide black fluffy plum was attached to the front of their head harness and
an equally flamboyant long black fluffy tail was mounted to their rear end with
a fashionable big arc draping behind their (These two attributes alone gave them
that exquisite show pony look) A couple of tinkering bells were hanging from
their pierced nipple rings drew even more attention to them when they became a
bit anxious at times and began to twitch just like a horse.

But for now, they just stood there, quietly, passively, next to a stack of aye
with her legs held straight and together, their torso bent slightly at the waist
with their chest majestically jutting forward and their head held high and
proud, while their eyes were cased down just like a well trained domesticated
beast.

Then Anne moved to the next cell where Susan Phillips who used to be a married
woman with one child was there dressed as a prisoner and seamed to be very
humiliated with that outfit.

On her head was a simple brimless round hat with the black and white horizontal
stripes marking her as a sentenced criminal...

The rest of her prison garb was also of this alternating horizontal stripes but
in her case, it was painted on her nude body in latex as she was covered in
horizontal unwavering zebra stripes from just under her chin all the way down to
her ankles and whether on purpose or accident, the color across her erect
nipples and shaven pussy were both the same which made her total nudity all the
more conspicuous.

But her costume did not end there as her arms were fasten behind her back at
elbows and wrists with handcuffs, her ankles were tethered by leg irons that
forced her to walk in short mincing steps and to keep his prison ward in silent
check, she wore a bright red ball gag strapped and locked behind her head too.

Then she moved to the next cell where Lillith Hardcastle was standing there
crying as she wore the tight bodice and flowing ankle length petticoats of a
fair young damsel in distress ad she was bound in subjugating figure hugging
ropes with her arms bound behind her wrist to wrist and elbow to elbow in
tightly cinching coils.

With more rope wrapped around her small corseted waist and arms to hold them
fast against her and to keep the fettered maiden in silent captivity a cloth
cleaved gag was forced between her ruby red lips and tied firmly behind her
head, under her long wind blown auburn hair but alas, said lady's gag was not as
simple as it looked as her mouth packed to it's fullest with more penetrating
cloth to which her cleaved gag only kept it deeply in place.

Anne remembered when she got her and it was quite a shock to her because Lillith
used to be the banker of Geri Phillips and she remembered answering her calls
first as Geri's intern and then as Geri's employ about financial things.

At the cell next to her was: Ai-Ling who was a petite oriental woman stood
silently, dressed as a Chinese princess in her beautiful red and gold robes of
silk and she couldn't have been more than five feet tall as she carefully hand
feed an Amazon like woman from her plate.

That South American woman was once known as: Minette who was sold to Anne by her
friend, Mistress Karla, and now after the long time that she spent with Anne
after she was sold; she had to be at least twice her diminutive size in both
height and muscle mass.

The contrast between the two was incredible, especially when one considered the
fact that the dark skinned woman was the owned property of the little china
doll.

The big woman had her arms bound behind her in a very strenuous back prayer
position with her hands folded together between her shoulder blades.

She wore a wide red and gold leather waist cinch that constricted her middle so
tightly that one could see the outline of her lower rib and pelvic bone around
it while another, smaller, matching strap ran from the front to the back of it
between her legs and It's function was to hold two visibly monstrous dildoes,
even for a woman of her size, deeply into her lower openings.

Upon her feet were laced what one could only describe as red and gold leather
ballet boots whose unnaturally steep arching souls and towering heels forced her
massive form to walk on the very tips of her toes but right now she was
balancing herself in place. She was bent way over forward at the waist with her
big firm sexy rear end acting as a counter weight behind her in order for her to
receive her food at the hands of her Mistress.

Her long black hair was pulled back into a pony tail that was held several
inches off her head by another matching leather strap. For such a large and
powerful woman she still had the soft ladylike features of benign beauty and
around her neck was another red and gold leather collar with a very small gold
link chain running from it to a leather strap around the frail wrist of the
china woman.

As the Herculean woman chomped on her food a mere inch or two from the food
plate, the oriental woman slowly stroked the side of her slave's face with
warmth and devotion. Her dainty little hand slowly moved to her pet's huge
pendulous breasts that hung down from her chest like enormous bovine milk sacks.

Even her hard erect nipples were large enough to be comparable to those found on
a milking cow.

The china woman took her time to gently caress her affectionate pet's utters as
the Amazon acknowledged her 'owner's' admiration by slowing her mouth chomping
appreciably and letting a soft moan of contentment echoed her gratitude with a
cute little smile crossed the doll like face of the china woman as she heard the
light crisp sound of tinkering bells when she gingerly jostled the golden chimes
that hung from each of her pet's pierced and ringed teats.

Then at the next cell there were: Nikki Bauer, the former Mother Maccabeus who
was kidnapped from Ireland, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee and Kelly who were kidnapped in
Japan and: Michelle, Ingrid and Linn who were kidnapped in Africa and were
dressed as serving maids serving maids with the French maid coat check girls
right on down to their smiling gagged faces, were meandering about the party
serving drinks in total bound subservience with their heads erect and eyes cast
down.

But these serving wenches had more done to them then a complacent gag as their
arms were bound tightly together behind their backs in a matching black vinyl
single glove, wide black leather collars which had two small linked chains
running down from its front to the edge of their serving trays that was also
fastened tightly to their waists.

And a final: although totally unnecessary, contrivance to their forced
submission was the addition of thick leather cuffs placed around their tender
feminine ankles with a small chain tethered them together, which only made it
that much more difficult for them to walk around with.

That is, if one did not count their locked on five inch black shiny stiletto.

Then Anne went to where she left Charlene with Scarlet and Jane who punished her
while Anne did a little tour and when she stood infront of her she first
addressed Scarlet and Jane as she looked at them in the position where they saw
the remote: "rule number 8: when you are home then you will be topless." then
without a word both women removed the bikini top, then when they were topless
Anne told them to stop punishing Charlene and to lick her shoes before she
addressed Charlene: "you were a very naughty girl today, Charlene... if this
will continue then I will have no choice but to punish you, do you want it?"

"No mistress." Charlene answered.

"Then will you remain naughty?" Anne asked.

"No mistress." Charlene answered.

Then after Anne saw that Charlene was honest then she dressed her as the
benevolent daughter of a powerful African King as she now wore an abbreviated
leopard skin top that left her middle and arms bare while it hung itself over
one of her strong but feminine shoulders, her skirt was down to her ankles and
made of the same animal like skin with a few slits in it to reveal her sexy
black legs when she walked with pride.

Then Anne took her to a mirror where Anne's newest assistant, Granny who was
dressed in her slut outfit which included: white pair of 5" boots, Black fishnet
stockings, Red garters, pink laced underwear with Red ribbon in the front with
the letters: "APS" (Anne's Personal-Slave) on the front and the phrase: "I'm a
dirty slut" on her ass which were covered with a skimpy skirt which had a slit
on each side and was so short and mall that it barely covered the underwear and
if she was naked then the skirt began from the middle of her pussy from the
front and showed the edge of her ass from the back.

Other then that granny had a white, laced, half cup bra which left most of her
boobs shown, a tiny jacket, and a collar which said:

"Name: Bertha Smith.
Owner: Anne Smith.
Number: 67-212-13
Occupation: general slave.

Granny's face who once was the symbol of Justice were now painted with heavy,
slutty makeup such as: bright red (fuck me) lip stick & nail polish, rouge,
black eyeliner, maroon eye shadow, black mascara and fortunately she was there
after she was sold to Anne by Leticia for 5,000$ which Anne paid immediately as
she knew who the slut used to be and once there got home then Anne and her
slaves put granny through a killer diet and an intensive training until was
broken after five minutes as and got her body back after three days as she was
trained in how to be a good slave for Anne and fortunately for her she survived
but in that time she also realized that she must be extra nice to Anne who was
more sadistic  and cruel then Leticia as she enjoyed to see her suffer.

then granny began to turn her hair from flowing mane into a flowing African
braids while Anne did her makeup until it was flawless before Anne marched the
poor woman into her cell with Charlene following them and once Granny was in the
cell and the door was closed, Anne turned to Charlene and asked her: "Do you
know why I need so many slaves?"

"No mistress, why?" Charlene asked.

"I need an entertainment." Anne replied before she told Charlene to enter into
some cell in which Charlene was forced to wait for Anne until she finished all
of her businesses in the building and was about to go to the wedding ceremony
and the reception ceremony but meanwhile she went to the next cell where she
saw: Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia, Pam, Vikki and Charlene.

Chrissy, Vikki and Charlene were dressed as a kinky Pumpkin maid serving smokes
and mints to the guests as she was in pain.

Not only from having their arms pulled agonizing together behind her back, nor
from the way their body seemed to jerk now and then when she stood quietly too
long in one place, but she knew that it would hurt them more from how the guests
used her lighter and mint prongs that hung from their nipples.

Anne also knew that her guests wouldn't care how much pain they caused these
women as they will grab and pull the dangling utensils without a second thought
or that they will play tug of war with this women as each tried to pull said
items in their own direction first.

The poor women will be twisted from one side to the other as her nipples and
breasts were pulled in whatever direction the dominant party was at the time,
then Anne decided to try them so she came closer to Chrissy and used the tongs
roughly as she first took a mint for herself and then for her human pet,
Charlene, who will be forced to take, chew and swallow it.

Then she looked at Karla, Cynthia and Pam who were bent over giving head to one
stationary dildoe while thrusting her pussy up and down. As their heads were
shaved and their breasts, lips and Pussy were enhanced as their flesh was
covered with a peach colored glistening goo that made their move like a sex
hungry robot. In fact, there was a sign suspended from the ceiling with the
words "The Functioning Rubber Sex Dolls of Anne" as they wore sexy red lingerie
which was framed and left open their big bouncing breasts and full tight pussy.

They were also wearing a pair of five inch matching red sandals and a florescent
red page boy wig that made their look all the more synthetic and bimboish.

Then after Anne took the sobbing Charlene out of the cage, she returned to where
she left her friends, she arrived to the cell of the coeds and Amber all naked
as they were trained to piss, shit and vomit by an order into a bucket while
Lynn stood there as she was only wearing a tiny apron and had to clean them
while a small Chinese woman gave them orders and laughed at them.

Then after she had some fun Anne went to where her dolls were and after released
them from the chair she began to dress them.

The first one that Anne was suppose to dress was Karol but she ordered Charlene
to do it and the helpless slave was forced to do that as she dressed her friend
in a Pink floor length dress that was cut in such a way that her breasts and
pussy were shown in front and her ass in the back, with a hobble skirt and a
vibrator so that she has to take small, mincing steps, as she walks and then
when Charlene finished she was ordered to dress Dolly-doll in the same outfit
while Anne dressed Barbie in multi layers of latex that is peach color.

Then when Anne finished she led Barbie to a mirror and it was clear that Barbie
tried to fight her half-sister for no avail as Anne laughed at her as she teased
her hair up high before she put a collar around her neck which said: "owned
slut", then after Barbie tried to resist her again Anne said: "it's tough to be
you, right my little sister\slave?" with a big smile.

"Just wait until I'll get out of this you bitch, I will kill YOU and YOUR
MOTHER." Barbie informed Anne who began to laugh.

"And how ill you do that Barbie, when under my guidelines you became the lovely
creature that you are as from one side you accepted your destiny as my toy while
we were able to turn you from a whore into a perverted woman who thinks on one
things: having sex with her older sister but you can forget it because you are a
spoiled brat and as such you don't deserve to have sex with me but you will
serve me hand and foot." Anne answered.

"I will never work for you..." Barbie began to reply as she was interrupted by
Anne who told her: "Barbie shut your mouth until I will allow you to but you can
to be sure that it will be after you will humiliate yourself to my satisfaction
tonight.", then Anne began to put on her half-sister a new makeup like she never
put on before which included: bright red (fuck me) lip stick & nail polish,
rouge, black eyeliner, maroon eye shadow, black mascara while her half-sister
just stood there smiling like idiot and allowed Anne to do with her as she
pleased while moaning once in a while sobbing most of the time.

Then Anne dressed cupcake who was easier then the sobbing Barbie in: Pink ballet
heels, Pink stockings with garter belt, no panties with a pink petticoat ballet
skirt that is so stiff that it rises up and shows her ass and pussy whenever she
bent or moved to fast then in the way that her owner planned for her.

Her arms would be in front of her, holding a flower bucket but hidden in the
flowers would be handcuffs so she couldn't get free and try to spank or to hurt
Anne who took it upon herself to break and humiliate her dolls, the top of her
gown had a heart cut out where her enormous breasts tried desperately to squeeze
through, pink lace gloves up to her elbows with cut outs for her nails and a
stiff, white leather dog collar that kept her neck erect.

There were lots of bows and ribbons in her hair and on her dress as well as a
dildo gag which attached to the back of her fake dentured teeth so she couldn't
speak at all which was a very good thing for Anne who threat to use it in order
of humiliate cupcake if she won't be a good girl and then after Anne made sure
that the gag was in place she teased cupcake's hair into a big, high and
white/blonde style.

Then Anne told Jane to get granny where her friends were while Scarlet was told
to get Charlene to room six after she dressed her in: gold halter bra with
fringe trim and purple and green veiled skirt where there was a surprise for
her: the harem slave, Fatima, who trained her and was the dominant in the couple
and then while they did it Anne went to where her friends and when she got there
Anne heard a women's moan and a voice that she never heard before which sounded
like a women's moan but much deeper and it sounded strange to her so she rushed
to where the sound came from and there she saw her two friends naked and moaning
as their slaves licked them but that was not the strange thing for her, after
all she grew up in a lesbian environment which gave her support for everything
that she did. plus as a mistress and a former maid to a lesbian boss she saw and
took part on everything and even invented a few systems to use on her slaves who
knew that there was no way out of their fate after she finished to retrain them
so that they will feat her state of mine but here they were: Caitlan's brother
pumping the as of Lydia's ex boyfriend.

This site was very bizarre and strange for Anne who learned that men like those
were strait who preferred women who looked like her and her mother but here
those two man were and from Anne's shocked face it was obvious that she was
amazed and shocked at what she saw which was not something that she expected but
then she saw that each man had a leash which was attached to her mother's chair
and there was Mitzi who whipped the ass of Catlein's brother, John, who pumped
the ass of Lydia's ex, Phil, while they both begged Rachel to let them stop but
the smile on her face reminded Anne of Lisa and then she caught something: her
mother gave up on Lisa the lesbian mistress in order of becoming Rachel the
femdom or in other words as Anne explained to Mona: "ma chose a new life which
included herself being able to be in control over both sexes, that is her way to
get revenge on those who hurt her but she is to afraid of doing this to them so
she takes symbols: Mitzi is the women who hurt and betrayed her, Phil as she is
calling him represent in her eyes the men who betrayed her when she was younger
and if you will think then you will remember that her boyfriend's name when she
became your slave was Phillip John the third so you know what John represents."

Then after a while in which she looked at the men Scarlet and Jane returned with
Granny who was still dressed in her "slut outfit" and had a leash attached to
her collar and then after they gave her the leash Anne told them to go and bring
Meredith Jane and Ellen to her with their bags as she then turned around and
went with the sobbing granny to her private chamber (Anne and all of her
assistants had a chamber in the building) in which she kept her dolls and there
inside a cage was a woman who Anne used to refer to her as: Cleo in short or
Cleopatra in her full name and she was the proof that time traveling was not a
dream but she was kidnapped by Anne's henchwomen who destroyed everything in the
lab so that she won't be able to escape before they kidnapped her after a fierce
struggle but she was no match for Jasmine who laughed at her.

Poor Cleo' thought that she was free but here she was inside a padded cage with
a six inch chain which connected her wrists behind her back and an eighteen inch
chain connected her ankles, hobbling her movement but allowing her to walk, a
large ball of cloth material into her mouth and secured it in place with a scarf
which they tied firmly at the scruff of her neck which remained there as well as
the heavy, metal chastity belt.

It consisted of three parts, all connected: A thin metal belt encircled her
waist, connected to that was a shield that covered her entire pubic triangle,
then an even thinner band was attached to the bottom of the shield and ran
between her thighs and then was drawn deep and tight into her anal cleft and
then padlocked to the back of the belt.

Around her neck she had a leather collar and a leash to match, then Anne opened
her cage and ordered her slave to make her beautiful and so for the next two
ours Cleo worked on her mistress while the sobbing granny looked with horror on
the gallery which decorated the room which was the main entrance to Anne's
office in this building.

The room was nicely decorated but nothing outlandish. In the center of the room
sat a receptionist dressed all in hot pink rubber.

Her name was Bunny, the female officer who abused Anne's mother in the hospital,
and she welcomed Granny inside.

Bunny looked like the proverbial big breasted blonde bimbo: she was very
pleasant in a high voiced air-head kind of way with big blonde hair, heavy
make-up, gaudy jewelry, a short very exposed dress with nothing under it, and a
matching pair of shiny pink high-heel shoes and she seemed very self-absorbed
(not like when she was in the hospital after Anne finished with her and showed
her what fear is all about) in filing her nails while chewing and popping her
bubble gum, with her mouth open.

Poor granny wanted to escape from this horrible place but one look bunny she
just grinned and giggled to herself at a passing thought she had as to whether
Bunny was really this way or somehow forced to act like this due to some
financial debt she incurred

Bunny then invited Christine to look around at the "before" and "after" pictures
that were all around the room.

Granny found the visual adventure quite enlightening (not to mention arousing
too) as there were many pictures mostly of women and some men undergoing some
sort of make-over that bordered on a complete transformation.

The men all seem to be transformed into serving girls like maids and waitresses
but after hat Leticia and the rest of the women in the clinic did to her: granny
was far more interested in the women for it seemed that the "before" and "after"
pictures made a much more "erotic" impression on her than the men.

She was beginning to wonder if she had some lesbian leaning or just enjoyed
seeing good looking women made into submissive sex objects.

The "before" pictures where all the same type: a woman photographed from the
waist up, some in fetish wear, most not, and all sporting a relaxed warm happy
smile who all seemed to be quite capable, intelligent and well groomed as they
looked like: executives, secretaries, college coeds, lawyers, and in general,
your basic high caliber rolemodels of today's women.

Granny could not make out anything that showed a weird or kinky interest at all
but the "after" pictures seemed to be totally reverse of that image. In fact,
the difference was so striking that she seriously thought that maybe these
beautiful women were tricked or forced into these so-called "make-overs".

As Granny walked around looking at the pictures there seemed to be a theme
related to the "after" photos: they all showed the women in either submissive
roles of servitude or made to look like some stereotype male fantasy slut as
there were the French maids, waitresses, harem slave girls, bimbos and dolls who
were all dressed in erotic clothing of latex and leather. Some were in bondage
and some were not.

She found pictures a French maid Fluffy who was the daughter of a judge who
forced her mom to return to one of her masters who abused her all the time and
it got worst after the escape.

The "after" showed: French Maid who was dressed in the stereotype uniform of
black satin.

It had a tight bodice and a short skirt which billowed out with layer upon layer
of fluffy white short petticoats and the dress was all trimmed out in white lace
with a very low neck line displaying her well endowed womanly assets that seem
to quiver ever so inviting with every dragged step she took.

She had on the standard little white apron around her waist and its
corresponding white maid's cap upon her very blond upswept style hair, she had
on a pair of very high black shinny stiletto heels, over a corresponding black
pair of lovely fishnet stockings and the combination of extreme shoes and chic
nylons made her legs look ever so sleek, curvy and alluring.

It was obvious that she was not used to walking in such bizarre footwear because
she was forced to take quick mincing steps whenever she was dragged forward but
in her current condition that was the least of her worries.

Even though her maid-like presence was quite eccentric in and of itself, what
made it all the more eye catching (and for some reason exciting for Granny to
watch) was that she was also in severe bondage as well: Her arms where held
tightly behind her in a black leather single-glove, the leather formed itself
tightly around her entire arms from the tip of her pod-like squashed hands to
almost the very depth of her armpits, with her elbows squeezed tightly together.

The leather was so tight and thin that one could almost see when her arm muscles
made an involuntary twitch of discomfort beneath it.

Her face was made up very fetchingly with eye makeup that gave her those big
puppy dog eyes but her lower face, just below her cute little pixie shaped nose,
and was wrapped with a tight leather strap that extended right down to the very
tip of her chin. From the drop of the girl's jaw and Granny could see that her
mouth was bountifully packed with some sort of mouth stretching material and the
strap that went around her head to hold it all firmly in place was so tight that
the top and bottom edges of the black thick leather etched deeply into her
checks as her soft cherub flesh spilled over it's buried edge.

Granny found the girl's expression a bit unsettling too: her eyes showed she was
in extreme discomfort bordering on pain but at the same time, embossed on the
front of that black leather gag was a set of big red smiling lips which It's
effect on the casual viewer (and Granny) was one of mixed emotions: Part of her
was sympathetic to the poor girl's condition, but at the same time she found
herself arousal and excited by the comical smiling bound serving wench she saw
expertly displayed before her.

Then she saw a leash that her other end was connected to a shiny chrome ring on
a wide leather collar around her neck which forced her head erect and staring
forward. Christine also saw something engraved on that collar too, a name . . .
"Fluffy".

The "before" picture however showed a brunette not a blond with her hair flowing
sedately down and around her shoulders. She wore a demure white cotton sun dress
with a high neck line which seemed to flow around her and did nothing to show
off her otherwise strained sexy silhouette as in the "after" photo.

She had a warm inviting smile that echoed class, charm and optimism.

She could be anyone's upper class young wife, or a youthful socialite with a
dedication to raising money for some worthy charity and she looked like she had
the world by the tail, without a care which was quite the opposite of her
distressed, agonizing, expression of helplessness with teary pleading eyes of
mercy as seen in the "after" image.

Then Granny continued her tour and saw two dignified women (who used to be an
officer whose mom was the lawyer of Lisa in the court while the other was the
daughter of the prosecutor) turned into chained harem girls as they wore the
abbreviated costume of an Arab slave girl with sheer billowy pantaloons and
tight multicolored halter that forced their breast up and out.

Their wrists, arms and legs bound with snug fitting metal cuffs with shiny gold
chains that hobbled and restrained them which prevented them from escaping, but
it also made it difficult for them to defray the curious male hand in heat.

Their heads where covered with an opaque veiled material that only left their
eyes visible and granny knew that behind those veils of anonymity was a stuffed
mouth packed to mind-exploding silence and held firm in by miles of cloth
wrapped tightly around their lips and head but their eyes told it all as they
seemed to scream 'Help Me!', 'Please let me go!', 'This is wrong, I made a
mistake, I beseech you, I beg you, Please, Let Me Go!'.

Oh yes, their eyes spoke volumes to Granny who feared for her fate as she saw
her pictures: the "before" was a replica of what Morganna had on the wall in the
clinic but the after showed her as she looked now and her eyes just like the
eyes of the rest not only for freedom, for the chance to go back to their old
life, to the "before" pictures, but on how they where betrayed. Betrayed by a
close friend, a relative or a loving soul mate. How they where lied to, coerced
and forced into this sexually perverted world of power, domination and
submission or in granny's case: were caught to be turned into a laughing stock
but granny didn't had a clue that someone from her past looked at her in the
shadows with her blonde slave.

Granny could see it all in their eyes and somehow it made her pussy so excitedly
wet even after she remembered her family and friends, then she remembered Wendy,
the sadistic young woman who is abusing her granddaughter and as she SAW them in
her mind she wanted to play with herself but she was afraid of Anne's reaction
so she continued her tour.

Christine came across another set of pictures.

The "before" showed a doe eyed young college girl, who was the daughter of one
of her mother mistresses and was kidnapped two days ago by Anne's henchwomen
from the university.

This girl was from the University of Michigan; at least that's what her sweat
shirt said in the picture who seemed to be the atypical healthy, athletic coed
who Anne loved when she was younger: the late free willed Barbara Derman for
example. She had dark shoulder length hair, bright brown eyes, an air of
accomplished intelligence and a big energetic smile, ready for whatever life was
to throw at her.

Except for possibly what she became in the "after" picture.

The "after" picture showed her dressed in a slight variation of one of those
casino waitresses Granny used to see at the main floor of the casino that
Leticia took her to and she remembered how Leticia used to gamble she went after
'johns' who will be willing to fuck her so that her mistress will have money.

Instead of Caesar's standard Roman toga uniform with high heel sandals and tall
hair, this girl had on a kind of white Playboy bunny costume with a serving tray
strapped to and hanging from her body, on her head was the cute fuzzy long bunny
ears with one ear bent over to the side while the other stood straight up and
she had on a collar, but her was a wide black leather one embossed with the
name: "Flopsy".

Her arms wore shoulder length white latex gloves that were bound behind her back
at wrists and elbows with thin tight black leather straps. on her feet were not
the standard high heel sandals but 2" ankle boots that forced her to stand and
walk on her toes like a ballerina which were made from shiny white patent
leather with a short tether chain connecting them.

Her body was encased in the famous Playboy bunny suit except hers was again
slightly modified and made from white leather.

Flopsy's suit had a built-in bra cups like a bustier to lift and separate her
obviously above average breasts but they where also made of less material so, in
her case, not only were the tops of her soft malleable tit flesh freely exposed,
but also both of her nipples and aureoles too. Her torso was so firmly
compressed by the corset-like garb that it not only kept her silhouette firmly
displayed and erect, but shaped it into a comic book type over-the-top image of
a voluptuous female sex object that young boys, and grown men, drooled over.

But poor Flopsy's makeover didn't stop there: In a mock token of surreal
sadistic pleasure and satire, the bunny theme was carried out to an even
grandeur scale for this "once upon a time" liberated college coed. What seemed
to be an image of a bunny girl eating a carrot was in fact a large carrot gag
forced deep into her mouth as her thick ruby red lips were stretched wide and
taut around the bright orange carrot as its green garnish dangled out in front.

Two smaller carrot-like objects swung burdensomely from her freshly pierced and
ringed nipples and another carrot similar to her gag but much, much bigger was
grievously forced deep into the bunny girl's pussy. This time however, only the
long green stalks were seen on the outside between her puffy strained pussy lips
and from the back where her cute white fuzzy bunny tail rested so sedately, one
could only imagine how said tail held its firm position on the backside of the
exotic serving bunny girl.

The final object of erotic servitude to Flopsy's uniform was a serving tray with
her arms bound behind her the tray had to be mounted to her waist with a strap
that circled and cinched around her tightly compressed waist and her lower bound
arms. Another strap shaped like a "Y" held the front of the tray level by being
fastened to a ring hanging from her collar.

Granny began to fantasize having Flopsy follow her around the casino with her
drink and gambling winnings atop the tray. The poor girl would be in dire
torment trying to keep up with her mistress while maintaining her balance and
not spilling her mistress's drink or money while at the same time having to bear
the physical pain and humiliation of having three main orifices violently
assaulted and put on public view.

Her pierced nipples painfully stretched by the swinging weights of her "what's
up doc?" carrots and the muscle spasms of having her feet forcefully distorted
and made to walk in foot wear that was beyond normal human endurance.

Oh such mind visions were beginning to make Granny so unbelievably horny. No
longer did she feel sadness or empathy for the plight of these victimized women.

All she felt now was lust with her heart pounding, pussy gushing, and orgasmic
screaming lust and then it was when granny slowly moved forward as her soft
velvet hands roaming over her body, her hips and thighs, between her legs and
squeezing her beckoning breasts. A soft moan of pleasure flowed slowly from her
full pouting lips.

She looked off to the side and saw a wide display of more "before" and "after"
pictures called "Dolls" and she found herself drifting seductively in that
direction.

Again, more "before" pictures with different women, but never-the-less all these
women were of above average character and beauty. But again, these women too
were unknowingly deceived.

The "after" were again sexually surreal.

These women were made up, dressed and posed on little elevated display stands
like dolls.

There was Fifi the rubber French maid who was connected to Anne in the fact that
her parents were gynecologist who abused the knowledge that Lisa used to be a
slave and forced her to make sexual acts for them in return for they taking care
of her, when Anne heard it she went to them and tried to talk with them but the
disagree any knowledge saying to Anne that her mother is insane and should be
locked away.

On her way out of their office she met their daughter, Linda, who wanted to be a
lawyer so she tricked her to come over and since then no one saw Linda again but
Lisa\Rachel got free treatments and they became very nice to her.

She was completely covered in layer after layer of polished tight rubber, not a
single patch of flesh was exposed, only her eyes. She was posed on her stand,
smiling, leaning a bit forward, a serving tray in her hands with a bottle of
wine and two glasses on it.

Next to her was a nurse who used to be the main nurse which took care of Rachel
and abused her on the second day so once she finished her shift and went home,
Anne sent Jasmine to get her and since then she was changed from head to toe as
she had big blonde frizzy hair with a nurse's cap pinned to the top.

She wore a very tight and very short nurse's uniform.

Her basketball size tits strained the fabric to almost bursting and the hem of
her dress was so short that Granny could see her pussy lips which held something
opaque, fat and round strained between them. She had the standard bimbo made up
face that denoted a surprised air-head lived inside.

Then she saw another doll on a stand who was the sister of the ex mayor of
Empire-city, Mrs. Lora will, who used to have for Rachel's expense when she
heard what happened to her until she was kidnapped by Jasmine and turned into
the epitome of the California beach girl with: long bleached blonde straight
down hair and a big sunshine smiling face.

She wore only a very small bikini that did nothing to hide her sexy bombshell
body with her massive tits and ass with a diminutive waist in between while her
nipples and pussy lips could easily be seen poking through the electric orange
of the fabric which make a strikingly contrast to her dark brown sun-tanned
skin.

She was posed seductively on her stand with her legs together, one hand on her
hip and the other behind her head as her body formed a very erotic lazy "S".

There was a prostitute doll too which was called: Hooker Kate who was Barbie's
older sister whose tits and ass were poured into a skin tight black and red
accented latex dress. She wore hip-high black and red laced up 6 inch heel boots
while her arms encased in matching shoulder length latex gloves.

Her face and big red hair were heavily made up to reflect her street tramp
lifestyle as she too was posed on her display stand like she would if she stood
on a street corner waiting for a john.

There were more and more "after" pictures of women dressed and posed as various
life-sized fantasy sex toys were spread across the "Dolls" display and each one
was making granny more and more aroused.

And then she came to a final photo of the series.

A photo that had no "before" picture and the "after" picture was just a photo of
the stand, some sort of clear human shaped plastic shell with a face painted on
it and a plastic rod or pole sticking half way up from the stand with two what
looked like clear dildo shaped rods attached to it. It took a bit of time for
granny to ponder (after 9 years as a slave it was hard for her to think)
especially as worked up as she was, but then it hit her.

Big Time and in more ways than one.

She went back to the first "after" picture and looked more intently, then the
second, and the third.

There, she pointed her finger at the right shoulder of the beach bunny girl and
then back to nurse big tits, there on her chest just above her deep cleavage,
and again on her left labia lip. Grabby stood back from the display board and
took it all in.

What it really meant?

Why they were all called "Dolls"?

All of them, all of the women were encased in that clear plastic rigid shell, A
shell with a smiling woman's face painted on it and eye holes to see through.

She could see it in the pictures, a slight reflective sheen picked up by the
angle of the light and the camera.

One had to look hard for it but it was there, proof positive and then again she
could see it in the women's eyes: The hopelessness, the terror, the pleading,
the begging, the praying for help and the betrayal. All above mouth full gags
with painted pouting lips on them.

Somehow these women where encased in that unyielding plastic cocoon, dressed in
a male fantasy costume, and then put on that deliciously evil displayed stand
with one monstrous dildo forced deeply into their hopefully wet pussy, the other
shoved far up between tightly clenching ass cheeks. The vast majority of their
weight resting on those plugs and that narrow crescent shaped short rail that
connected those malevolent probes buried brutally inside them.

Their feet barely touching the floor and acting only as balance.

'How long, where those women forced to remain like erotic bizarre display
dummies?" she thought.

Meanwhile Bunny continued to file her nails and pop her bubble gum oblivious to
the orgasmic moans coming from Granny who couldn't control herself anymore as
her hand reached under her panties as she mumbled: "I'm sorry mistress..." just
a short distance behind Bunny's receptionist's desk.

When granny regained her composure, a few minutes and a second orgasm later, she
was glad no one else was in the room. Although she didn't have a single
exhibitionist bone in her body, she knew she would not have been able to stop
the waves of orgasm that hit her if other people were present with her.

For some reason she did not count Bunny as a viable human being as she moved to
another picture and was startled by what she saw, It was a picture of a girl
friend of her granddaughter who she met in college or once upon a time girl
friend. Her name was now: Bambi but she once was known as: Laurie Dalton and
according to the rumors, she was kidnapped 8 years ago.

She was very attractive and sexy young woman with her long flowing brunette
hair, her mesmerizing innocent brown eyes and a drop of one dead voluptuous
womanly figure but in the "after" picture she was turned into a puppy dog with
the skin, tail, muzzle, the whole nine yards of a furry little doggie.

And then as she turned around she saw her as she was now, she tried to speak
with her but all she got was an animals voices and then for the first time since
she got there Bunny said: "will you be quite you fat slut?"

"What?" granny replied shocked.

"I told you to be quite you over grown cow... Mistress Anne places some special
electrical devices that keep her from speaking and filtering sound going into
her ears so she can only hear a limited number of commands and vocabulary and
the rest is to be all jumbled. I dare say that after she lived like that for 8
years she came to believe that she really is a little doggie which means that
she can only hear mistress Anne, as do as she is being told, tell me do you have
a relatives in this dark inhumane place?

"No, why?" granny asked when a masked woman who was dressed as a as latex
raggedy Anne with: Blue Skirt with apron, red bodice, white hat and striped red
and white stockings.

On her head under the heat she had a red wig so that granny won't be able to
know who she was until it was to late, then the doll motioned granny to follow
her without any words before she turned around and walked away, the way that the
doll walked reminded her of Wendy, the " mean, vicious, and malicious girl." As
she refer to her whenever she was with one of the other slaves of the clinic but
there was something about this doll who seemed to appear from no where but even
though her guts told her not to go it seemed that the doll just put a spell on
her which was stronger then anything that she saw Morganna doing over the last 9
years, infect she seemed to be possessed by this girl even though there was
something strange happening.

Then as they walked Granny who begged the doll to stop saw Anne who was dressed
as a saloon madam with an outfit which included: a pink velvet dress with lace
corset and feather trim, lace glovelettes, and lace purse with the topless:
Scarlet and Jane who came to her after they showed Meredith Jane and Ellen their
room where they were now having sex with each other for the first time.

On Anne's right she Morganna who was dressed as the statue of liberty with
headpiece, dress with attached drape and sash and  a leash attached to Valkie
who crawled behind them with a "tail" in her ass next to Justy who was dressed
just like Valkie but her collar had a cow bell attached to the lowest d-ring.

Her leash was in the hand of Shysty who was on Anne's left and was dressed to be
Morganna Morgul with: Red wig, green mask like Morganna always wore as it became
her trademark, green, tight, see-through leotard, and green boots and it seemed
that the three women were walking toward them and smiling at the doll who waved
her hand like some mechanical doll but again didn't said a word.

Then when they were neck to neck the doll slapped Anne on the ass before she
returned the favor as the other women laughed at the idea that here was Wendy
dressed as one of Anne's dolls, leading granny and has the obesity to spank the
ass of her "mistress" when she knew that if it was dopey or one of the other
slaves then she would have to punish her and maybe that what she wanted Anne to
do later after she will finish her business with the party which the reception
ceremony was about to start in two hours.

Ten the doll arrived to some cell and then after she bowed her head she motioned
granny to come inside before her and once they were in the doll locked the door
and once the door were closed the lights were turned on and for her horror she
saw Leticia sitting on a chair and there were dopey and Soapy but no clue to
Wendy.

Then Leticia asked her while the other slaves motioned her not to answer: "look
granny, Wendy is not here and I always wanted to know what you thought about my
little Wendy."

"Wendy here?" Granny asked.

"Do you see Wendy?" Leticia replied.

Then granny answered after looking around but not behind her because she thought
the doll was like the rest of Anne's miserable dolls, slaves and maids and so
she answered honestly and used a lot of curses until she heard Wendy's voice
ordering her: "look behind you!" and when she did she saw the evil redhead as
she just took of the wig and allowed her hair to fall on her shoulders as she
was dressed in her: green boots, green skirt, white buttoned blouse, green
business jacket, and a pair reading glasses and then she screamed her lungs out
as for the next two hours she was raped by her daughter and granddaughter or
that she was tortured by: Wendy or Leticia who had a score to settle with the
cow, Soapy or Dopey but no one heard her because it was sound proof cell.

Anne who wanted to show her dolls to Morganna and Geri seemed to be in a very
good as they walked into the room where her dolls were and there was Barbie who
lay on her back while the leather outfit was on the chair as Anne shoved a
finger into her mouth as she introduced them to Gruber who was the man
responsible for the appearance of her dolls.

Barbie wanted to yank Anne's hand from her mouth, but she found all she could do
was stare down, cross-eyed at Anne's hand like a frozen idiot as Anne's finger
popped out of Barbie's mouth with a wet slurp with a set of dentures attached.

Then Barbie immediately raised her pink fingers and began searching for her
teeth.

Why were there no teeth in her mouth?

Her teeth were in Anne's hand and all that Barbie was greeted with was a set of
shiny, wet gums where her teeth once were.

"Now Barbie, what do you think?" Anne asked.

"Ma eef!" pleaded Barbie.

"What, dear. I believe you're enquiring about your teeth?" Anne asked as Barbie
helplessly shook her head up and down, frantically, her hand still covering her
new mouth.

"Why, what good would teeth do a set of lips like that?" Anne asked, and with
that she pinched Barbie's lower lip.

"You see my dear little sister: you'll wear your dentures when we have to make
appearances and even then, they'll be fused together with a cast of my dildo
behind them, after all that is your and cupcake's new lollipop. Little girls
like lollipops, don't they?" Anne chuckled, as he fidgeted with some sort of
dildo at the back of the wet dentures in his hand.

"I told you that you will be humiliated and here are the judges: my boss, Miss
Geri Phillips and mom's new best friend: Morganna Morgul... Ohh, you'll find
opening your mouth when they're in quite a treat... since I can sometimes make
it impossible. These ones here are able to open, but don't get used to that.
Most of the others will be fused together."

"Wha hafff u uun?"

"I removed your teeth, silly girl. After all I told you that you will be
humiliated and what does teeth will be good for a cock sucker like you anyway?
Don't you see, I don't care what comes out of your mouth, only what goes into it
and in this case, your client's dicks is what goes into it. Your new mouth as
became my new cum deposit. And when you get too chatty, I'll just insert your
"special dentures" in." Anne gestured to the dildo, which he attached and then
removed from the back of the dentures.

"All you'll be able to do is smile and look pretty." Anne said as her friends
began to laugh while Barbie shook her head back and forth in shock but it was
quickly forgotten as she took in the rest of her new body: The pink, feminine
nighty did little too hide her new, 34E breasts, Nipples the size of a finger
tip pointed out from the thin fabric... almost groping for the air before them.
Losing the urge not to touch them, Allison lifted her breasts as high as she
could and was amazed to feel how firm they were, and how they sagged very little
when she released them. Rather, they seemed to bounce even higher up then they
previously sat.

Next, she took in her waist.

Anne had a thing for 18 inch waists as she shrank her waist from 19" to 18" and
so two of Barbie's ribs had been removed. It was her first surgery, since it
took the longest to heal.

Barbie's hips flared out around a 34 inch bubble butt shaped into a heart and
when she sat, it felt like a pillow under her ass then only the pillow was her
ass.

Since the pink nighty ended at her belly button and Barbie wore no panties,
exploring her now hairless vagina was easy...

Two, thick lips, dripping and hungry surrounded a clitoris the size of a
quarter, it seemed.

The nether lips of Barbie's cunt resembled a flower, ready to bloom and swallow
any fly that landed in its trap.

Continuing down: Barbie took in her new, stocking-clad legs which were hairless
underneath like the rest of her body, they seemed to go on forever, ending at
the soles of her 7-inch mules.

"Ahh, and let's not forget the kicker." Anne said as she reaching up to the
collar of Barbie's baby doll nighty, Melvin pulled the ruffled lace down just
far enough so that she could make out a steel collar painted white and layered
in pink lace which the words: "Barbie - Property of mistress Anne. Please Return
if Found!"

Barbie was numbed by the new discovery of her new body but a new shock overtook
her a second later as she couldn't read any of the words on the collar.

Then as the two women clapped their hands and hugged Anne they saw the girl
blushing almost as read as a tomato and then they helped her to dress cupcake
with in: Pink ballet heels, Pink stockings with garter belt, no panties with a
pink petticoat ballet skirt that is so stiff that it rises up and shows her ass
and pussy whenever she bent or moved to fast then in the way that her owner
planned for her.

Her arms would be in front of her, holding a flower bucket but hidden in the
flowers would be handcuffs so she couldn't get free and try to spank or to hurt
Anne who took it upon herself to break and humiliate her dolls, the top of her
gown had a heart cut out where her enormous breasts tried desperately to squeeze
through, pink lace gloves up to her elbows with cut outs for her nails and a
stiff, white leather dog collar that kept her neck erect.

Meanwhile Lisa arrived to her room where they saw 4 cages, on the first one was
a sign that said:

Former name: Roger Claybourne.
Current name: Margaret Stewart.
Sex: bisexual.
Owner: Lisa Smith.
Captured by: Meg Claybourn.
Use: general slave.
Likes: makeup, women's clothing and women Lingerie.
Hates: manly things

On the next cage there was a sign which said:

Former name: Jeff Phillips.
Current name: Lora Will.
Sex: bisexual.
Owner: Lisa Smith.
Captured by: Mitzi.
Use: general slave.
Likes: makeup, women's clothing and women Lingerie.
Hates: manly things

Then each guy saw a cage with his name on it in the "former name" line but all
the rest was clear.

Then the door opened and as they looked two men walking into the room with a
black leather hood on their heads with only their mouth and eyes shown which
were locked in horror at Mitzi almost as if they tried to beg for the mercy of
the leather covered woman who asked one of them: "tell me slave Margaret: are
you gonna be a good slave for mistress Lisa?" then as she came closer to the
men, they saw the man on the right shaking his head.

Then when Mitzi was close enough then both men dropped to their hands and knees
and began to lick her peach colored boots until Lisa finely said: "I think that
he wants his dentures, Mitzi."

Then Mitzi asked him: "do you want your dentures back, slave Margaret?" and the
humiliated slave immediately nodded: yes, like crazy.

"Will you ever try to bite your mistress in the future, Margaret?" Mitzi asked
and again Margaret nodded her head but this time the answer was: Yes.

Then after Mitzi finished she walked to where Lisa was and once she was at the
reach of her hand Lisa opened the zipper and fucked her pet with the dildo that
she had inside her pussy and that was when the two slaves saw that these men
were dressed in a pair of fishnet-stockings which were attached to a garter belt
and that each slave also wore an interesting male chastity belt which looked
like a woman's chastity belt accept that this one had a hole in the front that
the slave's dick came out of and had the possibility to be attached into a
cock's cage while at the back there was a hole which in the case of that slave's
case was stuffed with 9" vibrator with some hair attached to it.

Their nipples were pierced and the rings had 3 pounds weights which were
attached to it, each slave also had a slave-bracelet on each of his wrists, each
slave had a large training collar around his neck and the remote was in Mitzi's
pink leather purse and they knew that she won't think twice about using it if
they will: be bad, humiliate or upset Rachel or won't do as they are told.

Then Mitzi opened the door for Margaret's cage and then the helpless man went
into the cage before she opened the door to Lora's and the slave got in.

Then after Mitzi closed the door she locked them before she helped Lisa to get
into the bed and once she took the new slaves to the next room where for the
next two hours they screamed their lungs out as they were transformed into a
copy of Margaret who sobbed in the cage while Lisa went to sleep.

Then Margaret thought of Lisa who was her lover before they were caught as she
was now lying on a giant four-poster bed, on her back with each of her wrists
were held wide. handcuffed to opposite posters, with Yellow panty in her mouth,
held fast by a black scarf and her fully exposed waist, breasts, and the milky
white globes marred with angry tinges of red as her eyes were teary and puffy
with smeared with mascara as she licked Meg Claybourne's ass who controlled all
of her family's financial empire after the disappearance of her husband and
became Anne's business partners after she heard what happened to her husband.

Margaret remembered in horror how Meg was furious about him for cheating on her
with this dumb blonde, and so when she arrived to the building 7 months ago she
thought that she will fine her husband but instead she found two women: one was
sitting in a wheelchair and looked like a mistress while the other was covered
with Black leather outfit with an attached: hood, boots, fingerless gloves and a
collar.

Then as she looked at the woman she saw that only her tits were shown when the
door opened and she saw her husband who looked like a very different person as
he wore: 10" pink pumps, pink fishnet-stockings who was attached to pink garter
belt, Pink tight spandex dress which showed his dick jumping to all the sides as
he moved (after that meeting his dick was hardened and put inside a cage without
being free since) with a black leather belt around his waist.

Around his neck he had a collar which said:

"Name: Margaret Stewart.
Owner: Lisa Smith.
Personal number: 986752
Use as: General slave."

Other then that he: almost looked like a woman, had a perfume, had female
jewellery and he was glad that he didn't had to talk because just as he got
there Lisa with the help of her private pet, Mitzi, removed his teeth and it
just killed him when he saw that while he had to lick porridge then Mitzi had
her teeth and ate fish and licked worm Milk from a ball like a cat as she
didn't: took a nap, ate, served her mistress or trained them.

And it also killed him that Mitzi slept in the bed with her mistress while he
and the rest of the male slaves slept in a cage in which they were forced to be
on their hands and knees.

Then the leather covered woman came to him and pulled his dress up and then Meg
saw the chastity belt before the woman pulled the "Tail" out of his ass and Meg
so that it was 14" vibrator and then as she put it back in she heard how her
husband squealed and screamed like a pig before she went to sign on the contract
with Anne that will give her Lisa as a sex slave and a place to live in so that
she will be able to see how Lisa humiliates her husband and maybe even giving
her some advises in return for her to give them a financial back and that Anne
will get half of the control for the ex couple's bank account and full control
over Lisa's account.

Meanwhile in another part of the house Mona just arrived home with Monique and
told him: "this wedding will be a fake wedding, once we will be married then you
will spend most of your time in that tour while I will go and be with Anne, my
true love, but you will never be with Moesha again... you see I'm not angry with
you yet that you are loving Moesha, after all she is your wife and there is no
way that Anne or myself will be able to get between you guys but if you will
continue to think about her then I will be, so a word to the wise DON'T DO IT!
But in any case it doesn't matter so I talked with Anne and we came with an
arrangement that you two will be back together and we won't come between you but
to remind you who you belong, you will never remove the pussy and you will take
part of male gang-bang infront of the camera... and just so you'll know: we have
camera's all over your new room so we will know what you to are doing."

"So what are you going to do about it?" Monique asked.

"I'm not going to do anything... you see mistress Anne and Mistress Rachel made
a new deal and in that ALL of the male slaves will go to her and all of the
female slaves, accept for Mitzi, will become Anne's slaves so in another words
honey: I will return to Anne while you will get the opportunity to play with
Mistress Rachel's cat, Mitzi." Mona said as she led Monique to Rachel's room.

Once they got to the room Mona knocked on the door and after a few minutes the
door was opened by a sobbing man who was dressed by a school girl with: a pair
of Pattent leather shoes, white knee socks with a description at the end which
said: "woman on training", red plated skirt which was so short that it barely
covered her ass and pussy so that Mona and Monique saw the chastity belt.

Other then that the slave was dressed in white button shirt with a vest, tie and
red jacket and the symbol on the dash said: "I'm a student in SU", then as they
looked farther they saw that he had a collar which said:

"Name: Lora will.
Owner: Mistress Lisa.
Number: 7865420
Use: general slave.

Then they looked farther up and they saw that his face was covered with slutty
makeup and that his hair was slicked back and then after they finished and came
into the room they saw that there was another slave dressed like him while
another two sobbed in the cage and there was Mitzi naked next to her owner who
rubbed her head smiling as Mitzi purred like a cat and plaid with a ball.

Then Mona said: "Mistress Lisa, may I have a word with you?"

"Is that Monique?" Mitzi asked.

"Yes Mitzi." Mona said smiling in a sadistic smile.

"Stephanie and Elizabeth, take Monique to her cage!" Lisa ordered and the slaves
immidiatly took Monique to her cage before Mitzi got up and put got each slave
into her cage.

Then after all five slaves were in the cage, Mitzi return to the bed and began
to lick her mistress's teat while Mona looked at the sign on the first cage
which said:

Former name: John La'voom.
Current name: Stephanie Will.
Sex: bisexual.
Owner: Lisa Smith.
Captured by: his sister, Caitlan.
Use: general slave.
Likes: makeup, women's clothing and women Lingerie.
Hates: manly things.

Then Mona looked at the second cage where the sign said:

Former name: Phillip Andrews.
Current name: Elizabeth Montgomery.
Sex: bisexual.
Owner: Lisa Smith.
Captured by: Daryl Dannen.
Use: general slave.
Likes: makeup, women's clothing and women Lingerie.
Hates: manly things.

And then she looked at Monique's cage where she saw her sobbing fiancee and red
the sign:

Former name: Zack.
Current name: Monique.
Sex: she-mail.
Owner: Lisa Smith.
Captured by: the "road-hog" gang.
Use: general slave.
Likes: makeup, women's clothing and women Lingerie.
Hates: manly things.

And then after she got permission Mona left the room and went to the room of her
mistress, Anne, who was on her bed with Cleo's face buried between her legs as
she looked at Wendy, Leticia and their slaves using granny after she said
goodbye to her boss and Morganna who returned to the clinic to get some rest
before the wedding tonight.

Then after a few minutes Anne drove to the airport to get her friend: Miranda
and her now broken willed slave, Puta who by now after 10 years as a slave was
like Mitzi to Lisa even though it took Lisa only a few months to get her cute
little Mitzi who was very excited to see what Lisa will dress her in for the
wedding as she knew that the outfit will be interesting.

The end  of chapter_6a.

The permissions:

1. Shyster dame and Morganna Morgul and the rest of the family are being used
with GW's permission.
2. Barbie\Barbara Derman, Dr. Brigs, Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee and Karol + a
few of the outfits being used with Musker's permission.
3. The way that Liz Derman was dressed after Mona finished with her was taken
from the story: "The lab rat" by Musker.
4. All of the things that the mistress tells Anne on their conversation are
being used with Ted E. Bear's permission.
5. Moesha, Zack\Monique, and Monique\Tits are used with Ted E. Bear's
permission.
6. Charlotte, Sherri, Christina, Barbie Dahl, Jennifer (from the story: "Pool
party), Jennifer (from the story: Dear diary), Karen and Squealer are being used
with Parker's permission, that story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a
sequel to any of his stories and each outfit that parker's characters are
dressed in came from the stories that they were taken from.
7. Ms. Americana and flag-girl are used with Mr. X's permission.
8. Cupcake, the new wardrobe that Anne wanted for Barbie and the way in which
Moesha was dressed were taken from the story: "Becoming cupcake" by the mayor of
Cherish and the way that she was dressed to the wedding is used with the
author's permission + this story is NOT a sequel.
9. Donna Stanton, Emily Johnson, Jackie, Stacie Erickson, Cindy York, Joan
Halloway and her ponygirl: Brenda Davis are used with the permission of Jackpot,
this story is Not a sequel
10. Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story "Surrendering
Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author:
11. Night_Writer and just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a
sequel to the story.
12. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
13. Meredith Jane and Ellen Osborn as Green Goblinettes were taken from the
stories: " Green Goblin Strikes Back " and " Spider-girl - Sequel to Green
Goblin Strikes Back ", the way that Anne first saw Meredith Jane was taken from
the story " The Further Perils of Wonder Woman - Wonder Woman - Mistaken
Identity - Part 2 The Cat is Back" and the way that she saw Ellen was taken form
the story: " The Mansion with the Morphing Manifesto". All of the stories were
written by Steve Zink and used with his permission.
14.  the way in which Scarlet and Lady-Jane are dressed was taken from the
picture: : Gi Joe Slave Girls Temple.jpg and it is used with the painter's
permission in the Peter Temple.com templestudios@hotmail.com
15. Caitlan, Marilee, Daryl Dannen and Lydia Wilson are characters who belong
to: A_Nony_Mouse in being used with the author's permission.
16. Cleopatra's situation in the cage was taken from the story: "Cleopatra" and
Roger and Lisa were taken from the story: "caught and nailed", both stories were
written by: Leones and the characters are being used with his permission.
17. The outfits in which some of the girls are dressed were taken from the
story: "Casino" by Blair Brek and being used with the author's permission.
18. Roger, Meg and Lisa Claybourne were taken from the story: "caught and
nailed" and Cleopatra's situation was taken from the story "Cleopatra" by Llyons
and used with his permission.
19. Jeff Phillips was taken from the story "Susan's new life south of the
border" by the headhunter and used with his permission.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 7&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;New slaves arrives, the preparations to the wedding of Mona and Monique
continue and Anne reviling a humane side to Mitzi and uncovers part from her
past to a VERY close friend just before the reception ceremony.&gt;

The decliner:

Note_1: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you
are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and
ALL of the characters and the events are made-up.

Note_2: that story is NOT a sequel to any of the stories that I borrowed
characters from, it is based only on what I know from the stories, for example:
Anne, Lisa, Mitzi, Mona and a few others won't be found in any of those stories
because they belong to me.

Part_7 - let's get ready to rumble.

When flight 101 from JFK to ECP Anne waited with Mona to her friend, Miranda,
but she didn't had any idea that that she is very famous in out of the borders
of Empire-City where she kept in touch with Morganna and the women of the clinic
and especially with her new girlfriends, Wendy, who had fun with her but there
were two couples five women who wanted to sell her their slaves.

Then ten minutes after the lending when her friends, Miranda, went out to the
waiting terminal Anne ran to her friend and hugged her friend who was
accompanied by Puta who as always was dressed as a slut and carried the
suitcases of her mistress who ran toward Anne, and then both slaves saw the love
between the two evil woman who since their first meeting three years ago became
such a great friends.

After a while the two women stopped to hug each other when Miranda told Anne:
"you know that you are very famous, Anne?"

"Why are you saying that, I'm just a woman who works here within the boundaries
of EC and there is NOTHING famous about me, except for my clients and the
payments that I'm willing to get for all the work that I've done." Anne replied
when eleven women came closer to where they were standing and kissing, in that
group there were three Blondes who each of them was leading a brunette on a
leash that all of the women on the leash wore a very long trenchcoat and Anne
heard a buzz under the trenchcoats.

"That is why... you see Anne, these are: Bratty Sneers and her slave milky,
Kandy and her slave: little Cathy and Fate and her slave baby, How long you to
waited?" Miranda introduced them to Anne.

"Not much, I'm living close by... did you brought me the pictures that I asked?"
Anne asked Miranda.

"Ho yes, now you will be able to get three more slaves for free." Miranda said
smiling as she handed Anne an envelope while Mona and Puta took the leashes from
three girls while Anne the led them to her van which had a horse's trailer
attached to it which she used to take granny for a rides as she treated her as
both a working mare and a cow, and then she asked Milky who had her hair in
short, Black pigtails with no makeup:

"Tell me Milky: what is your real name?" Anne asked.

"My name is: Lynn Kravitz, mistress." Milky replied.

"Why your name is: Milky, and what are your relationships with this group?" Anne
asked.

"I am: Cathy's sister\slave and Baby's aunt\lover, mistress." Milky replied.

"What do you mean by: ' I am: Cathy's sister\slave', Milky?" Anne asked
confused.

"Well, you see mistress: when I was in the hospital having my baby, Cathy used
me as her slave and made me to have sex with: men in the toilet, the doctors who
rested in the lounge and with the nurses so I had to do as she ordered me when I
came out... and that included of becoming her sex slave for a while." Milky
explained.

"Then what are Cathy and Baby's real name?" Anne asked.

"Baby's real name is: Melissa Mitchell-Blake and Cathy's real name is: Catherine
Mitchell-Blake, Mistress." Milky replied.

"How did you become a slave, Milky?" Anne asked.

"I went with Cathy and Baby to Veronica's where we were caught and sold to
Bratty and from her we were separated." Milky replied.

"Tell me, what your former mistress used you for?" Anne asked.

"I was her sex-slave, doggy-girl and cow-girl, mistress." Milky replied.

"And did you like that?" Anne asked.

"Yes mistress... it might sound selfish to you but I did." Milky replied.

"Why?" Anne asked.

"I had sex with Bratty, I ate well, I was laid a lot and there were no diapers
that I had to change." Milky replied.

"What do you mean by: 'there were no diapers that I had to change', Milky?" Anne
asked confused.

"You see mistress... I have a baby back home in Seattle with my husband, Kevin,
who I did not have the chance to see after I was kidnapped." Milky replied.

"Tell me how all of you were dressed when you were sold, Milky!" Anne ordered.

"You see mistress... I was dressed in a diaper and my hair was in a pigtail,
Cathy was naked and Baby was dressed like now but she never had a scar or a
brand." Milky said.

Then Anne turned to Baby who was a lovely looking teenager with her mother's
figure and face which had lots of potential in the eyes of someone like Anne who
needed a daily practice so that she will be in shape, and that was when Anne
asked baby: "Tell me baby, what you know about Cathy?"

"Well, mistress... ma worked in a strip bar and Cathy was known then as 'honey
homemaker' when she was still the sex-slave of Mistress Patty and Mistress
Beth... after 2 years we were caught as ma became a mistress of her own and we
met after a year and we were caught and separated as: ma was given to Kandy, I
was given to: fate and my aunt remained with Bratty." Baby replied.

Then after a little chat with Catherine who looked very cute with her now
shoulder length hair in long black pigtails, Anne turned to Bratty, Kandy and
fate as she informed them "Now from now on there will be a few changes in your
life as you will become part of my lesbian slaves."

"NEVER, we'll never work for you!" Bratty screamed before Kandy and Fate added:
"FORGET IT!" but all they got in return was Anne's rolling laughter until they
reached the van and that was when Anne stopped laughing as she said: "you two
will become my slaves because if you won't then I'll publish the pictures that
Miranda was nice enough to bring me, you really think that you are here by a
coincidence? Now I want you all two to stand here next to me and to watch with
me while the rest of the slaves will take of their coats."

A few seconds later all the slaves were without their coats and Anne began to
inspect them starting with Milky, who was completely naked except for her collar
with the leash attached to it and a "tail" which was 12" vibrator with hair
attached to it, then she looked Baby who only had on her a pair of gloves,
stockings and a bow in the collar of a Dalmatian's fur, a tail and a brand which
made Anne completely furious when she saw it because she knew that removing it
will leave a scar on her slave but she had no other choice as she hated to
share.

Then after she finished Anne looked at Cathy who was dressed in a Diaper, a bib
around her neck with a picture of a kitty and the phrase: "Pussy bib", and then
after Anne finished the inspections she told the slaves and the slaves in
training to get into the trailer and then after they were in then Anne and
Miranda set in the backseat and talked while Mona set in the driver-seat next to
Puta who set in the passenger seat and that was when Mona drove home and on the
way she could see how Puta took small looks of horror at her mistress, has she
knew what will happen to her once they'll get home.

Meanwhile back at the house, Mitzi just finished to get all of the male slaves
out of the cages and then she told the new boys in her territory to strip until
they only wore the special chastity belt that all of the male slaves in Lisa's
room were forced to wear before she moved into part two or as Lisa used to refer
to this: "the breaking point" in which Mitzi attached a chain to the ring at the
bottom of the belt before she put a leather fingerless gloves on the hands of
the helpless males.

Then after Mitzi finished, she removed the cages from the dicks and instead of
them she attached a vacuum to the hole in the front which covered all of the
puny things of Margaret and Lora who couldn't make it stiff after the months
that it was in the cage without being released before she shoved a broom stick
into the ass of each slave while she turned on the vacuum who began to suck the
life out of the helpless men who began to scream and cry like little girls.

Then Mitzi went to the next room and brought Monique with her who was pierced
just like Moesha and as the sobbing slaves looked on they saw that
Monique was now a pathetic, mere shadow of what she used to be until now and she
hoped that Lisa will agree to talk to her and then as if some force told her
that Lisa said: "well Zack, Anne talked with me about allowing you and Moesha to
live together like in your first few nights in the gang's camp but the
conditions for that are:

1. Your pussy will remain on you all night.
2. You two won't talk about trying to escape from us.
3. You will become subservient to me.

If you won't do this then this is your future: Moesha will return to Anne who
will put a shocker collar, you will return to be with Mona who will become one
of your mistresses (the other two her Mitzi and me) and you won't see her for a
month in which you will wish that you ever tried while Moesha will be trained by
Anne, clear?"

Then after Monique nodded: yes with tears of joy Lisa continued: "On the one
hand, you two will still get to spend time together, even though you can't have
sex in the traditional sense but you will still get to spend time together when
you are not doing the rout that Mona took you on today but for you it would be a
plus."

"Now Monique: you get the strange twist, that under these circumstances;
possibly you will begin having lesbian like sex, as that becomes their only
alternative. Then, after you will begin having lesbian sex, in order to stay
together, Moesha must wear a very thick, 18" double dong with nine inches of it
buried in her cunt, and the other 9" goes into your ass hole, for the first hour
that they are together... Moesha has to fuck you fast and hard, making you cum
while getting ass fucked say at least 3 times, or that you won't get to spend
that night together." Lisa continued.

"You see Monique, the irony of that being, is that the woman is fucking the man
as if he were the bitch in the relationship." Lisa finished as Mitzi grabbed
Monique's hand and took her naked to a cell in which Moesha greeted him naked as
well but she was in lots of pain from the heavy tits that she now had and then
as Mitzi left the couple together she "accidentally" left the door open as the
two women began to talk:

"Ho my god, Zack... what have they done to you?" Moesha asked.

"This evil woman, Mitzi just pierced me, Moesha... I have to wear dentures."
Monique told her wife as she hugged her and cried on her shoulder while Moesha
tried to calm him down.

"And what happened to you, Moesha?" Monique asked.

"Well... ever since Miss Anne got me I was trained and retrained on how to be
her doll... miss Anne taught me that she knows what is the best thing for me and
because she is so smart she just has to be right, after all it can not be that
someone as wise as Miss Anne will be wrong... you see Miss Anne is the sun in my
life and I like the two couples of twins: Barbie and Cupcake fuck toy and Dolly
and Karol Doll, must to serve her because she is so smart and I need her
guide-ness because I'm a dirty slut who must to have boundaries to serve a queen
like Miss Anne." Moesha replied.

"What are you talking about Moesha, it can't be that you like that bitch so
much... just think of the all the time that we lost, this is our chance to
escape." Zack said pointing at the door.

"No Zack, please listen..." Moesha tried to say but she was interrupted by Zack.

"Moesha, this is our chance... let's go out from this place and live our life
together." Monique tried to get Moesha who tried to stop her, but instead of
listening to what she said, Monique got dressed in the only outfit in the cell
which was a business suit before she told Moesha that she will return with help
and ran through the door without noticing Mitzi who was behind the door smiling
as she went into the cell with a divorce papers which Anne told her to get
Moesha's signature on it so that Monique will be able to merry Moesha.

Then after Mitzi was close enough to Moesha, she put the divorce contract
infront of Moesha who signed on it against her will after the intensive
brainwashing that she went through over the lest six months and today in
particular Moesha became a mindless doll to the world and a broken willed slave
for Anne.

Then after the contract was sign by Moesha, she began to cry while Mitzi ordered
Moesha to pleasure her has she set on the bed as a price from Anne and Lisa for
the successful mission that she accomplished, and when Mitzi finished to give
Moesha her instruction, the helpless woman went of the bed dropped to her knees
infront of Mitzi and began to lick her pussy as she began to cry very quietly
while Mitzi laughed and had an evil smile has she knew that it was just a matter
of time before part two will begin when Monique will go to the closest police
station where she will be caught.

It took Monique some time until she got to the police station Monique went to
The captain of the precinct who agreed to help her but she didn't had a clue
that he was on their payroll as Anne promised him that he and the rest male and
female officers in the station will get Monique as the station's sex slave after
the wedding, and so not wanting to get in troubles with Anne so he told a swat
team to return Monique to her mistresses while on the way back she was raped by
the team.

When they arrived to the main house Anne was already there testing the skills of
her new housewives Blair Jones who arrived with Stephanie, Blair Johnson and
Catherine Mitchell who were dressed in the same outfit which included: tiny
Apron, the new collars and her hair was tied behind her head with some old rug
as she was dusting.

Then Monique saw on the floor two young teenagers in a perfect 69 position while
four other teenagers who were only dressed in a collar and a thong licked her
shoes, while a blonde woman was kneeling at Anne's right and then after Anne
motioned her new slaves to stop and follow her she told Monique that her
punishment will be decided by Lisa and that she is not allowed to see Moesha for
quite a while after the wedding ceremony.

Then as Mona grabbed Monique and led her to Lisa's room she saw Moesha going
humiliated after Mitzi and then both women changed the slave and each returned
to her room and there wasn't any exchange of words between Moesha and Monique
who tried her best to talk with her wife, but she didn't had any idea of what
Lisa had in store for her and about the divorce contract that she is about to
sign as a part of her punishment but first Mitzi took Monique  to some special
room where she forced her to sit in the special chair which was an adult sized
baby high chair and just like a real high chair, it has a removable plastic tray
and then after she began to walk out of the room Wendy heard the door of three
cages being closed.

After Monique was inside the chair then Mitzi injected her Novocain and began to
remove her teeth one at the time while Monique looked in horror through a mirror
until she fainted as she was unable to look has she heard Mitzi laughing.

Then when Monique woke up she saw herself without any teeth in the mirror and
then she looked to her side and saw how Mitzi moved around in such a grace that
she never saw before as she was now dressed in her black cat outfit which was
made from a few layers: the first one was a full leather bodysuit and a
protective gear in order of keeping Mitzi safe just in case, on the leather
outfit Mitzi had another outfit of fur which arrived to her neck and then she
had on her head a hood which reminded a cat's face almost like a real British
Blue and in her ass she had a "tail".

Around her neck she had a collar that was filled with diamonds and on her golden
tag she only had her name and the name of her owner who just loved the grace
that her "cat" moved at as she looked at the beautiful creature who nursed her
when she was in the hospital and even after that and became her sole real friend
except for Morganna and Geri "Shysty" Phillips and that she loved almost as much
as she loved her daughter who became her best friend as their relations became
very close since the "big one" as Anne used to refer to the 2nd mental breakdown
which forced her to become her own mother's legal guardian.

Mitzi natural long black hair was out of the hood and the mask as it jumped and
then she turned around and Monique could see how it covered half of her face,
the outfit that she wore was so tight that Monique could see every curve of the
woman's body and as she watched Mitzi swaying her hips has she walked slowly to
the bed where Lisa lay and began to teased her mistress with her tail before she
walked to the cabinet.

Then as Lisa sank in her thoughts Monique saw how the other male slaves looked
at Mitzi and cried because they wanted her as the woman slowly returned with a
baby food in one hand and a spoon in the other and Monique felt how the men
looked with lust but not as much as they looked at Monique who was actually a
man and as much as Mitzi seduced them she was nothing in compare to Monique or
another men.

The as Monique looked another looked at Mitzi she looked like a furry angel as
her breast swayed in the rhythm of her walk and that was when Monique wished
that she still was a man to grab that cat and rock her world but he knew that
she would break his neck as her heart was now belonged to Lisa who she was loyal
to that woman who spoiled her in return for her love and the feeling of security
that Mitzi provided for her after a very long time in which Anne was her ONLY
source of security.

Then when Mitzi was close enough to Monique she allowed the helpless woman to
look into her deep, big blue eyes which made Monique to drown in them as the
woman began to feed and coo her as if she was a little baby which basically was
the case as far as Mitzi and her mistress were concern while Lisa began to moan
as she loved what Mitzi did.

* * * * * * *
It was one and a half hours before the wedding when Morganna allowed her slave,
Valkie, to stop licking her before she dressed the former heroine and DA in a
slut outfit which included: a collar, black crotch-less fishnet pantyhose, pink
garter belt, red spandex dress which covered half of her ass and pussy and had a
very low cut in the cleavage, a crop-top with the words: "Toy for use" on it
before she forced Valkie to help her with the costume which was quite funny for
both women because the last thing that Morganna symbolized to Valkie and to
herself was freedom and liberty but since both Morganna and Anne thought that it
was cute and funny then she decided to dress like that and besides: Morganna
loved the color.

Back at the house Wendy just came into Anne's room accompanied by a crawling
Granny and Wendy's personal slave, Dopey, who went quietly behind her mistress
without any words as she carried her poor grandmother's slavery uniform while
her grandmother was red from all the torments that she went through after she
didn't talk nicely about Wendy who reminded her why she had to fear her and be
nice to her.

When they arrived to the room they were greeted by a woman with bleached hair
who had a HH tits and was dressed in an outfit which included:  7" pumps, Black
fishnet-stockings which were held by garters, skimpy black dress which was tied
behind her neck with lots of cleavage and a slit on each side, chain link belt
and red collar with a dog-tag which said:

Name: Puta.
Owner: Miranda.
Number: 8762375

Then on another look Wendy gusted that Puta's pussy was shaved when suddenly the
slave motioned Wendy to follow her and then after she forced Dopey to kick her
granny's ass the sobbing women entered while Wendy laughed at the slaves who
once were the mighty: Supergran and Superlass who used to make so much troubles
to her auntie and mother while now granny became an animals to be used for:
moving cargo, pulling carts or being milked while Dopey turned into a sex slave
and also the mate Wendy's donkey, Eeyore, and her dog, Spot, whenever she was
bad and needed to be punished or when the sadistic woman wanted to humiliate her
whenever Anne came to visit or when she was board and wanted something to do and
once in a while whenever Leticia was in the mood then Dopey was forced to have
sex with her mother.

Then after a few seconds in which Wendy followed the woman she arrived to where
Anne was with the head of a young Blonde between her legs who licked her
mistress while there were other two who licked each of Anne's breasts quietly as
they sobbed quietly from the humiliation of being dressed in diapers while Anne
moaned as she enjoyed the skills of her slaves who were naked accept for a
slave-bracelets on their wrists and legs which were attached by a chain and also
an apron which was tied around their waist and a diaper.

After a few seconds, when Anne saw her friend standing there she smiled at the
shocked redhead who looked around Anne's more veteran slaves were in their cages
waiting to be used by Anne and the dolls resting on the bed and there in the
corner was a lovely brunette chained to the wall by a leash which was attached
to a collar which had the name: "Milky" printed on it and three Blondes who were
tied on a chair like the ones which Anne used to re-educate her dolls but these
women's tits were attached to a sucking machine and the three cows were forced
to produce milk but there was a vacant chair which was larger then the rest.

Then Wendy got what the chair was for so she forced Granny to sit there on one
of the chairs which had 20" dildo which went into her huge ass while a 12" dildo
was right in her pussy, and then she set next to Anne and the two began to laugh
and joke about the slaves and especially about the big cow in the corner and on
the floor she saw a that there was another brunette (with the name: "Baby"
printed on her collar) who was dressed in a pair of gloves, stockings and a bow
in the collar of a Dalmatian's fur and had a scar on her ass while her face was
buried between Anne's legs and she could hear whimpers coming from the girl.

Then Wendy saw another brunette (Cathy) who was dressed as a baby with was ready
to leave she kissed Anne and then as a baby with a Diaper, a bib around her neck
with a picture of a kitty and the phrase: "Pussy bib" under it and then Wendy
saw that the binkie that she thought that Cathy had in her mouth was actually a
gag in the shape of a binkie as she set inside a chair like Monique was in.

Then as Wendy left the room, Mona came into the room as she held a leash which
was attached to the posture collar of Anne's personal sex dummy, Tina, who now
looked like a stupid and quite happy doll as she used to be the girlfriend of
Inez's former boss and the owner of a big television corporation which was now
owned by Lisa Smith and Lora Jones (Mitzi's former name) for the last 6 months
since the former owner, Antonia Monro (Tina's former name), vanished from the
face of the earth and became Anne's toy after she won her for the best costume
in the society.

Tina was dressed in quite an interesting way: if you looked at her then you
would see blonde mannequin dressed in: 7" pumps, black stockings, black fishnet
stocking, red evening gown which looked more like a sleeveless robe that was
closed with a diamond and showed the zipper in the front of Tina's new skin and
her over sized nipples and areolas, on her shoulders she had a fur coat, on her
hands she had a black opera gloves and in her left hand there was a clutch-beg
and a pearl bracelet, around her neck she had two pearl necklaces which one of
them was used as a leash to drag the dummy (which usually was the case as Tina
was very humiliated and going out of the house was not on her agenda) and on her
head Tina had a blonde wig and a red hat with a veil which covered the tiny
holes of her eyes so she had problem in escaping.

Just a regular dummy, right? WRONG.

Under her "skin" Tina was in a great deal of pain as her hands were held in a
long strap gloves which were buckled so tightly that her arms and forearms were
on her stomach with no way to move, a duck-tape was wrapped around her head and
on it was a leather skull cap which was there in order of keeping the tape from
her hair that will never see the son again as that cap NEVER came of (this way
it was easier to get Tina back into the suit after she ate) and over the hood
and around her face there was a duck-tape that was used as a gag, mask and a way
to keep Tina with them because she could see very little in the tiny holes that
Inez left when she dressed and re-dressed her but she always new when her
mistress or her personal trainer, Mona, wanted to humiliate her.

On her hands, Tina was forced into a Venus corset which kept her real arms
tightly under it as her new floppy arms were attached to the straps that she had
on her shoulders and lately she got the posture collar to hide the zipper on her
back and to make sure that her head will be up so that she will see the people
who touch her tits better and lately she also got 10" vibrator that was placed
deep in her ass and another 9" vibrator that was placed deep inside her pussy.

Poor Tina looked exhausted after the walk and training that Mona forced her to
go through but it didn't stopped Mona who took of the Dummy's dress and removed
her wig before she led the helpless woman into a treadmill, when they got there
she put an harness on the dummy's body before she forced her to stand on the
treadmill and began to attached chains to the doll's body.

Once all of the chains were connected Mona pressed the start button and as she
went to her new room where Monique already waited for her naked and sobbing on
the bed after she was forced to sign on a divorce paper which canceled her
marriage to Moesha and now she was free to merry Mona.

Then as Tina began to run on the treadmill Anne pushed the remote in her hand
and the vibrators began to buzz and making it harder for her dummy before she
gave Moesha and Barbie one whip for a doll and then the two began to whip Tina
whenever she stopped or slowed down and after that Anne forced all of the new
slaves who were free and not milked into their cages before she went to the bed
and rested while looking at her dummy runs and suffering and then as Anne went
to Milky and dragged her to the bed, poor Tina tried to sob quietly as she
remembered how she once again return into that "skin" and turned from a sex
slave to a dummy.

It was at the end of the first month of her training when Mitzi caught her being
rude to Lisa and try to spank her which was the last straw for Anne, after a
month of attitude and being rude Tina met Anne's fury as she re-dressed her in
her dummy outfit and since then the only way that she is able to receive food or
water from is by an infusion from a vein in her leg.

Meanwhile in another part of the house Mitzi and Lisa got planned on a way to
dress the slaves starting with Margaret who wore his chastity belt as well as
10" pink pumps, pink fishnet-stockings who was attached to pink garter belt,
Pink tight spandex dress in which he felt how is dick vegan to shrink more and
more after it was out of the cage after two and a half years, with a black
leather belt around his waist.

Around his neck he had a collar which said:

"Name: Margaret Stewart.
Owner: Lisa Smith.
Personal number: 986752
Use as: General slave."

Other then that he: almost looked like a woman, had a perfume, had female
jewellery and he was glad that he didn't had to talk because after Monique's
attempt to escape Mitzi and Lisa retaliated in a collective punishment as they
took the dentures and locked them in the vault after they changed the code and
no one knew for how long.

Then the next victims on the list were: Lora Will who wore who a school girl
uniform which included a pair of Pattent leather shoes, white knee socks with a
description at the end which said: "woman in training", red plated skirt which
was so short that it barely covered her ass and pussy so that Mona and Monique
saw the chastity belt.

Other then that the slave was dressed in white button shirt with a vest, tie and
red jacket and the symbol on the dash said: "I'm a student in SU", then as they
looked farther they saw that he had a collar which said now:

"Name: Lora will.
Owner: Mistress Lisa.
Number: 7865420
Use: general slave.

Other then that his face was covered with slutty makeup and his long, bleached
hair was slicked back.

Then Mitzi looked at the next victim on her list which was Lora's younger
"sister" Stephanie Will who was now naked except for her chastity belt and then
it came to her as she dressed Stephanie in: 9" mules, red fishnet-stockings,
green garters, red laced bra and a Cherrie red collar which said:

"Name: Stephanie Will.
Owner: Mistress Lisa.
Number: 9717070
Use: General slave.

But that was not enough humiliation as far as Mitzi was concern so she grabbed a
hood which was shaped as a pig's head and put it on his head and after she tied
the ropes very tightly she then shoved 14" pink vibrator with a pig's tail
attached to it into Stephanie's ass who tried hard not to make a sound because
all of the slaves new that the next thing that they will loose will be their
hair and then after a few minutes in which Mitzi fought against Stephanie's ass
the vibrator was finely ALL the way in.

Then after Mitzi returned the three ready slaves into their cages and locked
them she turned around and saw Elizabeth Montgomery trying to escape so she ran
after her and once she caught her then Mitzi began to: kick and spank her until
she gave up and then Mitzi tied him to a chair and began to think on a way to
punish Stephanie.

Then after a little chat with Lisa, Mitzi decided that the first thing that she
would do will be to shave his head and then she tied him to a cross has she
began the first phase of braking him which was torture until he won't be able to
resist and then Mitzi will attached a vacuum over his cage and won't stop it
until the only way that he will be able to grow it will be if he will take
Viagra (like she did with Lora and Margaret) but since Mitzi knew his future
with Lisa then there was no need to handle him with a silk gloves and Mitzi was
allowed to be rough.

* * * * * * *
Meanwhile in her room, Anne told: Cathy and Baby that they are not allowed to
have sex with anyone but themselves and that they must pleasure her after before
she gave Baby a strap on dildo the two couples began to fuck while she took her
dummy of the treadmill and led her to the bed where the poor woman was left to
be used by the dolls.

Then Anne on her part went to Milky and after she stopped the machine she began
to ask her some questions and the tired woman on the chair answered her while
she was interrupted by the moans of: Kandy, Fate and Granny and then Anne began
to release Milky and once she (Milky) was free she dropped to her hands and
knees as Anne put a new collar around her neck which said:

Name: Milky.
Owner: Anne Smith.
Number: 9097575
Uses: doggy-girl and sex-slave.

Then Anne attached a leash to her doggy and led her to one of the posts of the
bed where there was an over size doggy-bed with a blanket and a pillow, and then
after she attached the leash to a d-ring in the bed and then as Anne's new pet
tried to get some sleep then Anne on her part went to the cage of bratty who was
dressed just like Milky used to and then after Anne set on the sofa she forced
Bratty to serve her after she made her hair into pigtails while Anne wrapped a
barbwire over her tits.

A few minutes later after Anne was pleased she allowed Bratty to stop and then
she put a collar around her neck which said:

Name: Piggy.
Owner: Anne Smith.
Number: 9097575
Uses: cowgirl.

And that was when Anne led her to the chair that Milky set on and after she tied
her in and attached the sucking machine to her tits before she pressed the
button in the machine and the new cowgirl began to work until Anne was pleased
to see that the girl was in pain and that was when Anne went to the bed where
she saw the dummy squirming while the dolls pressed on the remotes to the
vibrators and now it the turn of Moesha and Barbie who had their fun in abusing
seeing the helpless Dummy squirm while Dolly-doll and Karol held her legs and
Moesha who looked by now more like a real doll then human set on her face.

Then after Anne put each triplet in a bigger cage and injected Piggy with a cow
hormones she took Milky out of the room to another room where Milky was fucked
for the next ten minutes and after that she spent another ten minutes in
learning tricks before she was forced to lick Anne for another ten minutes.

Meanwhile Mona arrived to her room where on the doorway she said: "honey, I'm
home." when she saw a figure coming closer to her, then when the figure was
close enough Mona saw that it was Monique but that she had more piercing on her
body and that she had a special kind of chastity belt around her waist which was
like any other women's chastity belt except that this one had enough room for
15" inch (which was the maximum that Lisa and Mitzi used) dildo in the ass and
that on she had: "wimp" written on his forehead, "whore" on her chest, "I'm a
cocksucking slut" on her left tit and "I only loves men" on her right tit.

On her stomach between the lowest part of her tits and her navel Monique had
"I'm a dirty slut who only good for sucking cocks with my teeth-less mouth."
and, then Mona looked at Monique's face and saw that it was covered with slutty
makeup such as bright red (fuck me) lip stick & nail polish, rouge, black
eyeliner, maroon eye shadow, black mascara.

And then she looked at the way that he was dressed and it was clear to her that
it was Mitzi's doing as Monique was now dressed ONLY in a Red see-through, laced
thong with a very deep V cut in the front and an cupless bra but there was
something strange in Monique's face as for the first time in month she seemed
happy to see Mona but there was no smile and Mona remembered when she once
bumped into Margaret and when Margaret said that he was sorry then Mona saw that
he had no teeth.

Then Mona began to tease him and taunt him while in another room Lisa watched
on, Mitzi came into the room with a sobbing Stephanie whose demeanor had changed
considerably: Rather than the self- confident young woman he had hired as a desk
clerk just over three months ago, he saw a frightened, subservient boy, blue
eyes cast downward, trembling body awaiting the commands of his cruel mistress
and it looked very strange to Lisa that this guy who tried to escape only 30
minutes ago.

Lisa thought that she saw everything as a slave but this was beyond strange as
far as Lisa was concern as this ex rude boy was now dressed in a tight pair of
blue jeans with a hole for his cage with the word: "love" on his right sleeve,
"slave" on his left sleeve and a hole on the back of his jeans with the words:
"fuck me" above it and the word "here" under it.

Stephanie also had a pink tank-top with the words: "I'm a stupid fuck", on each
of his wrists he had a slave-bracelet which was attached to the ring in his
bellybutton, each of his ears had rings with 5 pounds weights attached to them
and he also had a blonde wig of French curls and that really shocked Lisa who
remembered how in her days the male slaves were tougher.

Then Mitzi forced the humiliated slave to strip and to get into his cage and
once he was in then Mitzi closed the door and came to the bed which Lisa lay in
and has she lay there facing the ceiling between Lisa's legs, Lisa began to play
with her breasts while Mitzi played with little ball like a real cat.

* * * * * * *
It has been exactly 35 minutes since Anne left the room when the door was open
and there were Anne with a strange remote on her belt as she led Milky who was
still naked except for her collar and another woman who was dressed in a pair of
plastic sandals, long dress and a tight long shirt into the room has the woman
carried a suitcase in each hand and had a gym beg on each of her shoulders.

Then has Anne re-attaching Milky's leash to the d-ring the woman stripped until
she was completely naked except for the sandals and then after Anne finished she
set on the sofa and read the manual while the woman knelt there infront of her:

"Thank you for buying the ultimate love doll, your customized Ultimate Love Doll
has been programmed to perform certain inconsequential tasks improperly. This
gives you, the Owner of the doll, the opportunity to inflict whatever level of
punishment you desire. You may choose your Doll's response to punishment to
include:
1. begging for more;
2.  tearful contrition for her bad behavior;
3. a Level Four orgasm
4. All of the above.
Other then that she's been programmed with advanced sexual technique, ladies and
gentlemen, and like all our Ultimate Love-Dolls, may be returned for reinforced
or upgraded programming. In addition to the basic sex protocols, the Darcie
model has been conditioned to many fantasy scenarios, including: Ponygirl,
French Maid, Exotic Dancer, sex slave, the girl next door, spokeswoman, the
cheerleader of your dreams, lingerie model, the perfect naked model for your
paintings, sex toy, Barbie doll, dummy, receptionist, secretary, personal
assistant (see page 55) and even a First Night Honeymoon."

Then Anne stopped to read and looked at the remote before she ordered Darcie to
place all of her outfits inside four closets which Anne bought especially for
her new toy and has Darcie did as she was told, Anne continued to read:

"Let's take for example what you requested, the ponygirl outfit which as you can
see is an elaborate system of straps and buckles that could be used for
different restraints: the bit itself is a leather bar clenched between her
teeth, with two shiny metal rings pressed back on her cheeks that served as the
connection to the reins.

The ponygirl's back will be arched as she will stand at attention on her
high-heeled pony shoes and either as a touch of whimsy or realism, we send you a
crested tail that will be plugged between her firm asscheeks. The Darcie-model
as no signs of humiliation or desperation in the LoveDoll's eyes, but a familiar
opaque doll-eyes, looking straight ahead and we promise you that the girl's
breasts will rise and fall with the breath of her prior exertions.

Once a LoveDoll has been commissioned, we can re-program them in the Incubator'
into anything the owner wants. You can upgrade your standard LoveDoll to be: a
French Maid, complete with accent, a raunchy courtesan from the streets of New
Orleans, The high school cheerleader of your youthful fantasies, charming
ponygirl or the rest of the things that I mentioned earlier.

One of our clients even married his LoveDoll, God knows why but it's what he
wanted. It's just a question of jacking in a new program and we have hundreds to
choose from, with new ones being developed all the time, and as you requested we
spared no discipline. It's my understanding that you want to enter your little
filly in some races and that you are tired from doing all the work.

The LoveDoll is the most trusted thing because she doesn't have a mind of her
own to use in order of planning her escape."

Then as Anne continued to read, Darcie finished her work and knelt infront of
her new owner and listened to the moans of the slaves in the cages until Anne
finished went to the closets which now occupied Darcie's outfits and looked at
them and then after she finished, Anne put fitted Moesha with a shocker collar
which works two ways and then she informed Moesha: "now, in case you don't know,
that is a shocker collar which works two ways: Normally, you will be fine, as
long as she is in her mistresses house, but if you will go more than 50 feet
from this remote, then it will shock you in such excruciating pain, that it
would knock you to the ground BUT since from time to time, I will want to take
you with her then there's a portable transponder, that as long as you'll be
within 100 feet of it, you'll be alright, otherwise the collar shocks you,
Clear?"

"Yes mistress." Moesha replied.

"Now, after Monique tried to escape then I decided to put stronger security on
you so here is another catch: there is also a range of 100 feet that you will
have to stay in or else you'll be shocked and the only one who knows how to
cancel it is me but with Monique's attitude I don't see why to let someone like
you to go away... ho before I'll forget my dear, not only that you have to stay
within 100 feet from the remote but, any tampering with the collar set it off
and the last thing is that I can shock you as many times as I want so from now
on you better be extra nice to me and also to reduce the number of feet between
you and that remote so from now on there will be no more tantrums, yelling, foul
mouthed attacks or asking me to let go, clear?"

"Yes mistress." Moesha replied in tears and that was when Anne went to the sofa
and allowed her fingers selected "Oral" on the remote, and watched the
Darcie-Doll respond. The flicker of consciousness in the Doll vanished, its head
lowered to the programmed task and then as Anne leaned back in her chair, she
closed her eyes and felt the first touch of the warm breath and searching tongue
of her private Ultimate Love Doll for a while before Anne told Darcie all about
her plans for her as she remembered the exposure that she did on Morganna and
Geri saw what will be a better revenge then to have sweet Darcie to become the
spokeswoman of Morganna's clinic and the firm when she won't be busy in doing
Anne's biding.

After a few minutes in which Anne had one orgasm after the other she stopped the
LoveDoll and dressed her in one of the maid's uniform which included: white
satin apron, white lace hairband, collar and cuffs before she chose the maid
option and then after giving Darcie the order to clean the room she went to her
bed and got Tina while the dolls split to couples and began to have sex in a 69
position still dressed in their outfits.

Meanwhile back at Mona's room she attached to shocking vibrators which she held
the remote which she used to make the now leashed Monique to dance after the
poor woman licked ALL of her footwear until Mona thought that they were clean
and not one minute sooner which meant that Monique had to clean the shoes until
she was slobbering all over them, then after a few minutes in which Monique
cried and begged that Mona will stop, the door opened and in came Miranda and
Puta who was now dressed in her slut outfit which included: Black 5" pumps, red
fishnet-stockings, red garter belt, red thong, black leather miniskirt, red mini
gloves and a black sheer short and she had a collar around her neck which was
attached to the leash in Miranda's hand.

Then after a little talk with Mona, Miranda began to teach her how to break
Monique's will while in the other side of the house Stephanie stood naked with
his hands tied to the ceiling by a chain and his legs were in a leg spreader
while he had a vacuum shoved way into his ass while he had another one on his
dick which sucked him for the lest 35 minutes.

Other then that Lora and Margaret were forced to whip him hard while Elizabeth
just finished to stuck pins into his flash and was now beginning to place
cloth-pins on poor Stephanie's body who was beat up so badly by Mitzi that she
could barely resist while he turned into her bitch until the party.

Then as poor Stephanie moaned Mitzi informed all the males in the room: "do as
mistress Lisa saying or pay the price, try to escape or revolt and your ass will
be mine and that might be your future." and since non of the slaves wanted that
to happen to him so after that day no one tried to escape or revolt while
Stephanie turned into a bisexual slave and now he and the rest male slaves are
about to be sold to some rich couple who collected slaves like him and paid for
Lisa: 999,999,999,999$ which ALL of it went to Mitzi's account as her salary who
became even more loyal to Lisa who sent Mitzi back to school with Anne's
blessing so that she will be able to become a doctor which was her dream ever
since she was sent to the ER when she was at the age of 10 after tough asthmatic
attack, and now with no males in the room the two will have more time together.

Then Lisa looked at her watch and removed Mitzi mask who immediately turned
around and began to lick Lisa after she saw the number of dollars that she had
in her bank account which was usually on minus but she was interacted by a knock
on the door so after Mitzi covered the body of Lisa with her body she went to
the door and in came a man and a woman.

Both of them were Blondes and The man was dressed in a tuxedo, while the woman
was dressed in a backless red dress without a bra and a cleavage which was
deeper then everything that both Lisa and Mitzi saw in their life time but then
as she moved to check the slaves then Both women saw that this woman did not had
a bra which was very strange for Mitzi who until now was taught that only slave
were dressed like that but here was a woman who was free and yet she wore that
thing.

Then the man set on a chair next to the bed and began to talk with Lisa while
Mitzi set on the bed and looked at him while Lisa held her hand: "my name is
Eric and the name of that woman is Erica, my sister, may I ask what your names
are?"

"My name is Lisa and that is Mitzi." Lisa answered as she noticed the man
staring at Mitzi's tits who ignored his looked and kept her eyes on him and his
sister so that non of them will try to hurt her and more important then her,
Lisa, until they finished and Eric backed of as he feared Mitzi who was ready to
hurt him and the strange woman in the bad.

Then Eric went to where his sister stood and after a little chat he handed Lisa
a check which she gave to Mitzi with the amount that they agreed on but this was
only for: Stephanie Will and Elizabeth Montgomery and they left Lisa and Mitzi
with Margaret Stewart and Lora will who were in their cages naked except for
their: Chastity belt, collars, hoods and cages with the sacks.

* * * * * * *
Its bean 30 minutes before the wedding reception and Anne had dummy dancing
before her has she held a remote which was attached to two vibratos inside her
ass and Pussy which shocked her according to the rhythm of the songs while the
poor woman desperately tried to escape but she was in to much pain to
concentrate and the bondage that she was in did not helped either.

Next to Anne's feet was Darcie who licked the shoes of her mistress who rested
on the sofa with her Black hair and looked at her doll who was now dressed like
a slut, in a super tight, super low cut blouse, with no bra on underneath, so
that her areolas and nipples are very obviously tenting the thin, stretchy
material of the blouse, a skirt so short that her pussy and ass cheeks are
peaking out, and of course a pair of 6" spiked high heeled shoes.

Then after a while Anne stopped to use dummy and allowed her to get some rest
for a while, then as the poor woman lay on the sofa, Anne took her LoveDoll to
some closet and after changing the options from 'slave' to 'maid' Darcie
responded s she removed Anne's robe and began to help her dressed with: Black
panties, stockings, garter belt and Bra, long black gown and a pair of white
gloves which covered her hands along with some jewelry and makeup.

When she was ready there was a knock on the door and once Darcie opened it Lisa
came in dressed like Anne in her chair which was pushed by her Black cat, Mitzi,
and had leashes attached to Margaret and Lora who was dressed in: 10" pink
pumps, pink fishnet-stockings who was attached to pink garter belt, tight Red
spandex dress which showed his dick jumping to all the sides as they moved and
the outlines of their pierced nipples with a black leather belt around his waist
and a thick Black posture collars were held tight around their necks.

Other then that each of their faces was covered with slutty makeup which
included: overdone pink blush which covered their entire face, bright pink
lipstick, their eyes were rimmed in heavy black eyeliner with extremely long
black lashes that looked completely fake as her eyelids were covered with a
silvery purple eyeshadow, and her dark eyebrows were tweezed thin and in high
arches, each of their ears each had four big silver hoops dangling from them and
some female perfume.

On their heads each slave had a Blonde wig which now after the long hours of
training and the operations that Mitzi forced the two sobbing men to go through,
they looked just like dumb sluts with an "A" cup which were ready for everything
except or the things that Mitzi warned them not to do and even though they were
very humiliated non of them talked because the dentures were out of their mouth
and Anne saw that Mitzi followed the order that she was given by Lisa after
Monique's attempt to escape which was to humiliate the slaves and to make sure
that they won't try to escape and that was what she did as she used Stephanie to
send them a massage and dressed them this way to humiliate them.

Then Lisa asked Anne: "so you decided to return to your natural color, pumpkin?"

"No ma, it is my costume." Anne replied with a big smile on her face.

"What do you mean by costume, Mistress Anne?" Mitzi asked confuse.

"Well, when I go to work and on the way home everyone who look at me see me as a
dumb Blonde since my hair is usually Blonde, right? Well after doing some
thinking, I decided to go as a 'smart' brunette like the dumb bimbo in my
suitcase used to be." Anne replied as she went to another side of the room where
she opened a suitcase and out of it came out a naked woman with a collar which
had a dog-tag which only said her name: "Bimbo" and a 'tail' in her ass.

"Do you want to tell me that this is: Kelly Johnson?" Lisa said shocked.

"Yes ma, do you remember how we caught her?" Anne asked with a huge smile on her
face.

"Ho yes I do." She answered.

"Please tell me, Lisa..." Mitzi began to beg when Lisa stopped her and began the
story: "You see Mitzi; I was bumping into this girl two weeks ago in some store
and she insulted me but I was to afraid of doing something so I ignored her
until I arrived home so I told Anne about it and she came up with a plan."

"What was the plan, Mistress Anne?" Mitzi asked quietly, not wanting to upset
Lisa's daughter.

"Kelly was very stuck on herself, Intelligent, successful and beautiful and so I
decided to use Barbie and the others to teach me a lesson and give me a full
control over Kelly's life and business... so I was set out to ruin her
reputation and career as I set her up to become an even bigger bimbo fuck toy
then what Barbie is." Anne began.

"And then what happened, Mistress Anne?" Mitzi asked and gave Anne the feeling
that she is talking with herself as she remembered her first talk with Dr. Brigs
when she phoned Anne about Barbie.

"After the slight she got a call from me telling her that she was very rude and
inconsiderate and that I am going to teach her a lesson so she better to be
ready but she didn't listened to me and then one week later with the help of
Geri I was ready to go and do my plan, you see Mitzi... Kelly was a very
successful businesswoman and so we arranged that she will be invited to a formal
reception that the law firm that she used is having." Anne began to explain.

"There were many important people present and Kelly was on top of her game,
mingling and impressing everyone." Anne said as she looked at Mitzi who was
shocked because that was the only time in which Anne gave someone a compliment
and especially to someone that she hated and it was obvious that she hated that
woman but that was nothing in compare to what she said next.

"Kelly was wearing an extremely expensive long backless black formal gown that
is held up by a clip behind her neck.  The dress shows off her every sensuous
curve and as she mingled and met people... She knew all the men want to screw me
and the women are consumed by jealousy. Pretty stuck up attitude huh? Her then
brunette hair was up to show off her face and neck better and she had her face
and nails done at the spa earlier in the day so she looked and felt like a
million bucks and have the attitude to show for it." Anne said as she saw that
Mitzi looked as if she is talking with someone else.

"Are you with me, Mitzi?" Anne asked concern.

"Yes, Mistress Anne." Mitzi said but it still was not her voice.

"Call me Anne; you seemed to be unfocused... what's the matter?" Anne asked
Mitzi who looked nerves.

"It was the first time that I heard you complimenting someone... Anne." Mitzi
replied.

"Anyway... Kelly was dancing with the senior partner in the firm a handsome
older gentleman and they were making small talk when she saw Barbie, me and Geri
walk in smiling and our eyes meet and that was when she saw that I had the "get
ready to get yours" smile on my face... you know the smile don't you Mitzi? I'm
sharing that smile with ma... anyway we were dressed to fit in and just moved
around the outside of the dance floor as we looked at her dancing as she was
moving in circles to the slow song and tried to keep her eye on us. She flushed
and distracted as the following questions came when she saw me: why is she here?
What is she going to do? Why is she smiling at me? Panic started to overcome her
as she lost me in the crowd." Anne continued smiling as she checked Mitzi's
outfit and looked at the fur which seemed so soft.

"The song ended and the gentleman and the other couples left the floor as the
band was taking break. Kelly stayed to try to find me before moving off the
floor as she needed to know where I was and her mouth goes dry as her panic
continues to grow when suddenly she felt a hand grad her arm and twist her
around, she stumble in her 3 inch heels and fell forward into Barbie as I came
up behind her. Barbie pulled her into her one arm tightly around her waist to
hold her (Kelly) against her and the other around my neck." Anne said as she
looked at Mitzi who was confused but for her luck she was able to continue as
Lisa explained to Mitzi what she didn't understood.

"Very heterosexual she was stunned as Barbie's lips touched her and in Barbie's
embrace with Kelly's arms trapped at her side to everyone in the room we are
kissing each other passionately. Kelly was horrified at what she was doing as
she had a reputation that is being damaged... very publicly damaged at the
public display of lesbian affection and that was when she thought: 'this cannot
be happening to her. Especially her!' then after what seems like an eternity
Barbie broke her hold and Kelly stumble back a step as their eyes met and she
could feel how flushed Kelly was embarrassed beyond her wildest imagination so
she smiled and turns and leaves the floor in a slow confident sexual walk." Anne
stopped to take a little break.

"Kelly's eyes caught Barbie behind sway softly as she walked when suddenly she
remembered where she was and look around every eye in the room is on her.  In
the eyes she saw shock, smiles, disappointment... a few people are pointing and
laughing. So she went to run her hands down her dress to gather some compose.
HER DRESS. Oh my god in their embrace she had broken the clip that was holding
up the front of her dress and so she was standing topless in front of over 500
important people with her perfectly round full 36C breasts exposed for everyone
to gawk at and that was when she felt that crawling into a hole.... her pride oh
my god!" Anne said mockingly as Mitzi quietly began to laugh. Even though she
still did not catch most of the things that Anne said.

"Kelly's hands flew up to cover them and she looked for the exit and began
running. In heels and after only a few steps as she reach the edge of the crowd
gathered to watch my humiliation her dress fell from her hips down to around her
legs... she stumble, trip and fell face first to the floor... unable to get her
arms out she land with a thud... stunned she felt the crowd close around her and
as she began to get to her feet someone reached out and grabs her dress gathered
around her ankles and pulled, she screamed rolled to her butt and too late reach
down as it slides free of her shoes and that was when she saw one of my friends
smile and throw her $1,000 gown out onto the dance floor... she began
perspiring, she is flushed in humiliating embarrassment, as all she wore under
the gown was black silk thigh highs and a black thong so she was more naked then
clothed and need to escape the situation." Anne said smiling as she saw Mitzi
looking at the petite woman who by now held Anne's thigh.

"Panicked she roll to her knees and began to get up and scream as someone smacks
her exposed behind so she fell back to the ground and crawl on all fours a few
feet before trying to get to her feet again, again someone spanks her but she
was ready for it and manage to get up.  With each hand covering a breast she
pushed her way through the laughter, comments and most humiliating the groping. 
When she felt nails of a woman's scratch her hip as someone tried to rip her
thong off, so she pull away managing to save that small part of what is left of
her wardrobe. Her hair is disheveled and is falling around my face." Anne said
as her throat began to dry but luckily for her Darcie was still on 'maid' and
she brought her water just as Anne almost fell to the sofa.

"Are you okay... Anne?" Mitzi asked in concern.

"Yes Mitzi, that usually happening to me when I excited from something... now as
I said: everyone were enjoying her humiliation, and if you will ask me they were
enjoying it way too much." Anne said showing more humane side then the monster
that her slaves, Mitzi or even Lisa remembered.

"She finally got to exit and looked around where to go. She saw the ladies room
but Barbie was standing there smiling as the crowd began to form around her
again and she felt two strong hands grab her upper arms and half carry her out
the front door with her hands fighting to keep her beautiful breasts covered,
she was too embarrassed to fight them so it was easier." Anne continued with the
humane side that she showed which freaked Lisa as she feared that her daughter
lost her mind and that she is doomed to go to the loony-farm.

"Anyway they took her to a limo and shoved her into the back onto the floor. Her
mind was exalted, as finally she was safe away from the crowd, she took a breath
to relax as she felt a needle jab her in her butt and everything went dark."
Anne finished almost chocking as she grabbed the water glass and drank
everything with her last strength before she told the dolls to get naked.

Then after the dolls were naked Anne said: "now, since we have to break Dolly
into her new role I decided that you dolls will remain here, and so as our Dolly
will lie on her back then: Karol will lick her pussy, Moesha will lick her ass,
Barbie will lick her right breast while Cupcake will lick her left breast... ho:
Darcie will lick both of her feet and suck ALL of her fingers... all of this
will take place everyday for four hours unless Dolly will need more because I
want her to be addicted to women so that it will be easier for me to take
over.", then as Anne finished all the dolls went for their positions while Anne
went to granny and after releasing her Anne dressed her in her slut outfit which
included: white pair of 5" boots, Black fishnet stockings, Red garters, pink
laced underwear with Red ribbon in the front with the letters: "APS" (Anne's
Personal-Slave) on the front and the phrase: "I'm a dirty slut" on her ass which
were covered with a skimpy skirt which had a slit on each side and was so short
and mall that it barely covered the underwear and if she was naked then the
skirt began from the middle of her pussy from the front and showed the edge of
her ass from the back. Other then that granny had a white, laced, half cup bra
which left most of her boobs shown, a tiny jacket, and a collar which said:

"Name: Bertha Smith.
Owner: Anne Smith.
Number: 67-212-13
Occupation: general slave.

Granny's face who once was the symbol of Justice were now painted with a fresh
lair of heavy, slutty makeup such as: bright red lipstick and nail polish,
rouge, black eyeliner, maroon eye shadow, black mascara, then after Anne
finished she went to a brunette wearing a bikini with the American flag printed
on it and had strange thing on her head and said: "so Brenda Wade, what you
think about your clone? She is much better then you and once your brainwash will
be over then you will become just another mindless toy and Ms. Americana will
become a criminal, but first let's start with a few questions: who is Lady
Midnight?"

"Lady Midnight is one of current DA and her name is: Angela Grear, she became
that job after the disappearance of the former DA, Ulrica Wodden, and as far as
I know she wants to interrogate: You, Morganna Morgul and Geri Phillips,
mistress... her age is: 34, she is African-American, her height is 5'9" and her
weight is: 132 pounds... her eyes are brown and she is dark hair and her
measurements are: 38D-24-38, mistress." Brenda replied hypnotized.

"Describe her to me, Brenda!" Anne ordered as Mitzi and Lisa left the room.

"Who is: power-lass? Give me full report!" Anne ordered as she smiled to herself
as she remembered how feisty Brenda used to be when she arrived and how
cooperative she became.

"Power Lass is also known as: Karen Clark and she is a nurse who just moved to
the local hospital to try to get some information about: Judge Deirdre
Mainwaring and the former lt. governor Vera-Vein... Her age is: 23, she is
Caucasian, her height is 5'8" and her weight is: 125 pounds... her eyes are
green and she is Blonde hair and her measurements are: 38DD-24-38, mistress."
Brenda answered as Anne pressed on the remote and Brenda felt how her mind is
being stolen and as she began panic, Brenda reached to her head but then she
remembered the fingerless leather gloves and she began to cry.

Then after she finished her discussion with Brenda who looked now vacant, Anne
rubbed the slave's head and laughed before she dressed her in her new uniform
which included: Black 6" Plastic pumps, Black leather miniskirt, black leather
bra and a frilly maid cap before she took: Kelly, Dummy and Darcie.

On the way she passed next to a full size picture of Anne and Lisa which made a
little tear roll down the young woman's cheek as she looked at the picture which
was taken when Anne was just three years old and she remembered that day: her
mother just was fired from another job and even though both women were very
upset they still had their smile on, as Anne remembered what Lisa used to tell
her until she was at the age of 12: "young girls like you my sweet little Anna
need to do as they are told, and to smile even if they don't like doing that
that and that they won't to escape.", Anne never understood at those times what
her mother meant and since that time Anne always remembered the promise that she
gave her mother that one day her mother will get the life that she deserves.

As a lawyer Anne always remembered where she came from and never allowed her
feelings to come between her and her work, unless Geri asked her to work on
cases that she couldn't because she remembered her mother, and the quest that
she had to go through in order of finding peace and quite but if she needed the
money then she always came up with a solution that she could live with and still
keep her job.

As she looked at Lisa who smiled at her from the picture, she remembered how
strong her mother was and how she always tried to help Anne whenever she could
but unfortunately for Lisa in most of the cases, she had to watch her daughter
being abused and humiliated as malicious people found her secret and used it
until she didn't had a choice but to tell Anne all about it which made Anne
furious but not about her mother, but about the people who used it and slowly
Anne separated herself from human contacts until she first saw Geri at the
Lunacy Commission, to have Judge Deirdre Mainwaring declared insane, and 
appointing Geri as her permanent Legal Guardian and later on that day she saw:
Wendy, who taught her slowly everything that she had to know on how to act like
a mistress, and after a few meetings she also became her ONLY friend that she
could talk with about everything from Anne's plans for those who hurt her mother
to food.

Then Anne slowly went closer to the picture and rubbed the cheek of her mother
as if she tried to calm her down and to make her feel better when Miranda walked
by with Puta and came closer to Anne, then when she was close enough she asked:
"Anne, is that you?"

"Yes Miranda, that's me." Anne replied.

"What are you doing?" Miranda asked.

"I'm looking at this picture, of a very happy mother and daughter who I used to
know 23 or 25 years ago... look at them Miranda, they are so happy and it is
almost hard to believe that this little girl will turn into a monster." Anne
replied.

"What do you mean, Anne?" Miranda asked.

"This little girl will become the legal guardian of her own mother, that's the
most terrible thing that could happen to such a sweat flower... do you know what
the meaning of my name, Miranda?" Anne asked almost laughing.

"No, what?" Miranda asked concern as she saw Anne for the first time showing
emotions.

"It means: Please, in Hebrew and that is what my mother used to scream when she
was in college for three months, before she was sold to that s. o. b. who abused
her without any mercy as she used to be a slave." Anne replied as she put her
hand on the woman's face and then moved it down to the child's face.

 "Is that your mother?" Miranda asked as she saw that Anne was crying.

"Yes Wendy, a very long time ago." Anne replied quietly.

"Were you crying?" Miranda asked softly.

"Yes." Anne replied.

"Why is she sad?" Miranda asked as she put her hand over Anne's shoulder as she
tried to comfort her friend, who put her head on her shoulder and tried to calm
down.

"She lost her job at those times and I just told her that another man called me
'slave' and told me that my mother will be at his bedroom tonight." Anne replied
with anger in her eyes.

"You had a very tough childhood, don't you Anne?" Miranda said with sympathy.

"Yes, everywhere I looked and went there were always people who pointed at me
and laughed, or threatened me that something bad will happen to mommy... there
were times in which I refused to leave mommy alone and there were times in which
I heard mommy talking with uncle Mark saying that she wants to commit a suicide
and begged that he will keep an eye on me or that she wanted to kill the both of
us as we were all alone but uncle Mark found a solution and together with the
rest of the family he bought us a ticket to Israel where I had a peaceful
childhood until I was six and we returned to visit and mom told me everything."
Anne said.

"Why you never talked about your family?" Miranda asked.

"Why do I need to talk about a group of pigs who acknowledged mom's existence
for the first time when she was shot, after they betrayed us and left us on our
own for years to fight and live in a nightmare in which mom used to wake up
screaming and crying for years? Why do I need to talk about those pigs who
allowed me to grow up without any connections to my family who saw me as a
bustard and mom as a whore? Why do I need to talk about people who we erased
from our life long time ago?" Anne asked in her normal and quiet voice but
Miranda could see that her friend was very tormented and upset as she saw the
rage in Anne's eyes.

"But Anne, they are your family..." Miranda tried to say.

"WERE my family... I don't have anyone accept for ma, and she don't have anyone
but me... now that Rachel and Anna are dead then the only family that Anne knows
is: Lisa and the only family that Lisa knows is Anne, if we will ignore the fact
that she has great relations with Lora." Anne said with a huge smile on her face
as she remembered how happy Lisa was.

"Who is Lora?" Miranda asked.

"Lora is now known as: Mitzi." Anne answered with a smile.

"Anne, it might sound a little provocative... but why Israel from all the places
that that you could go to and why did you return here?" Miranda asked.

"Well, ma was always so ashamed in her past and she felt that if we will go to
Israel then maybe she will fined something that she lost a very long time ago:
her fate that everything will work out fine and that she will be free tomorrow
and if not then, then in the day after but as far as she is concern that day
never came until she met Geri, Morganna, you, Leticia and Mitzi who in some way
accepted her and had a few things in common with her... you see Wendy, Israel
always was a special place that mommy could go to when she was raped and abused,
she NEVER forgot what she is and her believe in Israel and when we walked in the
streets of Jerusalem made her feel complete and as far as to the 2nd part of
your question: we missed our family but we had to leave sooner then we expected
as mom got threats on our life from some people which I'm going to fine even if
that will be the last thing that I'll do, you know Wendy maybe that is why I'm
feeling so close to your aunt." Anne said.

"What do you mean?" Miranda asked.

"Your aunt, Morganna, is a haunted woman just like we used to be and maybe this
was our destiny to meet... look at that picture, you know why I'm smiling?" Anne
asked.

"No, why?" Miranda replied as she looked at Anne who had another tear rolling
down on her cheek.

"Because ma always told me: 'young girls like you my sweet little Anna need to
do as they are told, and to smile even if they don't like doing that that and
that they won't to escape.' and she was actually talked about herself, you see
that is one of the things that she was trained to think, feel and work by as she
never had the choice to choose." Anne said as another tear rolled down her cheek
and dropped to the floor.

"So you are telling me that your mother actually tried to beg for your help?"
Miranda asked.

"Yes and No, you see Miranda: ma never needed my help until her 2nd breakdown
where she lost control over her life and I'm still trying to know why, but I
think that in those time she just tried to comfort me whenever I came home upset
and humiliated with the feeling that I have no where to run and that I'll always
be called a slave or maybe she knew what I'll become and she wanted to make me
stronger so that I'll be able to one day become a tool in her plan for revenge
but I don't think that she planned on being shot in the process." Anne said with
a very strong feeling before both women held each other for a while.

"Tell me Anne, when will your crusade will be over?" Miranda asked.

"When mom will be free." Anne replied.

"And when will it be?" Miranda asked.

"I don't know." Anne replied as another tear rolled down on her face, then after
Anne took one last look at the picture and that was when they went to the party.

* * * * * * *
The first guests who arrived to the reception were Anne's friends: Kiko-Sunami
from Japan who was dressed as a geisha and from behind her was a French woman
who was dressed in a slut outfit which included: Pink sport shoes, white knee
high socks, Red stretch shorts that had a V cut in front that was a good three
inches below her belly button and were cut high in back so her cheeks would hang
out. 

Her top was white cut-off tank top with spaghetti straps and a kitten print on
it and her hair was put in pigtails with ribbon which left the ends long.

Next to arrive was Chin-Lee from China who was dressed as a Chinese princess,
and she held a leash which was attached to an American woman who was dressed in
a catholic school uniform which included: black shoes, white knee-high socks,
red plated skirt which ended 1" under her pussy and 0.5" under her ass and had a
slit at the side, laced Black panties (with red ribbon in the front), white
bottomless shirt which was tied around her waist, Pink laced bra with an orange
ribbon, Black tie, green jacket.

The helpless woman's hair was painted red and fell on her shoulders while the
other part was in a ponytail, her face was white which made it easy to have them
painted as a doll's face as they had: red lipstick with thin red lines going out
of it, pink harts of Blush with other thin lines on her cheeks, her nose was
painted red, black eyeliners were smeared on her eyelids.

Then as Lisa entered into the room with Mitzi and her slaves she began to laugh
has she recognized Chin-lee's slave as the female officer who arrested her in
the hospital after she was shot so she motioned Mitzi who pushed her to Chin-Lee
and then when she was close enough, Lisa motioned the young woman to bend and
she hugged her.

Then came Anne's last friend: Morgan Jones from Ireland who was a gorgeous
redhead and was dressed as a saloon Madame in an outfit which included: a pink
velvet dress with lace corset and feather trim, lace glovelettes, and lace
purse, while her slave was dressed as a Moulin Rouge girl in an outfit which
included: skirted corset top with tails, separate panties, feathered headdress,
long opera gloves, stockings and jewelry.

Then after a few minutes Anne's clients and Boss arrived starting with: Morganna
Morgul arrived to the room and was dressed as the statue of liberty, but Lisa
knew that she was Morganna because she still had her mask on and the look of
Morganna as the statue of liberty made Lisa smile as Morganna was just the
opposite to what she came as.

As always Morganna was followed by Valkie who was dressed in her chauffer
uniform which included: red sunglasses, red g-string abbreviated matching red
vest without buttons, red chauffer's cap was standing next to with her head bow
down and her hair was free.

Then after her was Wendy who was dressed just like: Princess Erishka with a gray
outfit and after her was her humiliated slave, Dopey, who was now barefooted and
had a dog collar round her once stiff neck, her long, glossy, golden hair was
tied back with an old rag, and her pussy was covered with naught but a troll's
dirty, castoff, loincloth, she obediently served her cruel mistress in all
things while immediately after her was Geri who was dressed as Morganna with her
slave, Justy, behind her dressed as a Parisian whore with a sluttish, demeaning
outfit, which included: a scarlet brassiere and matching garter belt, a pair of
white lace bikini panties with a red heart in the center at the front and a hole
in her ass which had a "tail", a pair of sheer tan nylons and fastened the black
garters.

And then came Leticia with Dopey from behind her who was dressed in a maid
uniform which included: super abbreviated flounced skirt, that didn't reach the
top of her thighs, no undergarments, with white lace aprons, that extended
between her bounteous breasts but did not cover them, black fishnet stockings
with garters, doily cap and a collar with special vibrators in her ass and in
her Pussy.

Then arrived Vultura who was dressed in a long, Black wedding gown and Black
pumps accompanied by her daughter, Raven, who was dressed the same as her mother
and their slave: Crimson Hawk, who was naked and just when they were inside,
crimson hawk's daughter and former partner: the Black Bitch who was dressed as
an innocent schoolgirl and led her slave, Pinky, who was humiliated as she
crawled naked behind her mistress.

The next guest to arrive was: Mdm. Kim who was dressed as rider as she was all
decked out in a fashionable riding outfit which included: a pair of highly
polished riding boots, a cream colored pair of professional riding pants and
blouse and a well tailored black riding coat that really complimented her lovely
feminine form.

Then while the tiny dominatrix went to talk with Lisa and slapped the riding
crop in her hand impatiently against her open palm, her obedient slave, Piggy,
entered the room in her uniform of servitude which included: a pair of gray hose
with red garters, impossibly uncomfortable skyscraper heels, a tiny white maid's
apron, that didn't quite reach the juncture of her shapely thighs, and a silly
looking maid's cap and as she did her way to her mistress, Deedee Malenkov
arrived with her slave: Athenia who was once known as Fairmaiden who was dressed
in her uniform which included: white boots, and her brief costume in which her
bosom and crotch of her uniform had been cut away, exposing her sprightly
breasts and delicious pussy to full view in the front while her back was cut
high so that her cheeks would hang out and bounce as the helpless superheroine
would walk.

Then after all of the guests arrived they went outside and saw the parade of
carts as Anne led the way as she set in a cart which was pulled by poor Granny
who not only had to suffer Wendy's wrath earlier but now she had to suffer the
humiliation that Anne poor her through as the poor woman was now naked accept
for: her collar, her white "tail", a slave bracelet on each wrist and a head
gear with a horse-beat which were placed in her mouth.

The next cart was pulled by: Brenda Davis, who was dressed in her pony outfit
which included: a pair of Black boots which arrived to her knees, black fishnet
stockings, Black garter-belt, black thong, black leather harness with a head
gear attached to it and her "C" cup tits were shown, black horse-bit and a black
mask which made sure that the view of her field was very small.

Her hands were tied behind her back by a pair of cups which were attached to a
D-ring in the harness and she head bells on her harness and on her pierced
nipples, in her ass the helpless ponygirl had a butt-plug with long hair
attached to it.

In the cart was Monique who was dressed in: White 7" plastic pumps, pink
stockings and garter belt, short skirt which was cut so short, that showed her
half of her ass in the back and half of her "pussy" in the front, a thong to
hold the vibrators that she had in her ass and Pussy, white cupless bra, pink
collar with the following in the dog-tag:

Name: Monique.
Owner: Lisa Smith.
Mistress: Mona.
Number: 9717570.
Uses: GENERAL.

Mona's hair was bleached; Mitzi did the impossible as she painted the black
"woman's" face with so many blushes that they were almost as white as snow and
covered with slutty makeup, but the most humiliating thing for her was that
instead of a veil she had the red thongs that she lest wore when she saw Moesha
before she tried to escape and after in the following cart was Mona who was
dressed in: Long white wedding gown with a veil which covered the smile that she
had on her face as she now had a legal document signed and sealed by: Lisa and
Anne who now after the humiliation, pain and suffer that she went through was
now officially a mistress as far as Anne and Lisa were concern.

The cart that Mona set in was pulled by Anne's newest Musk and Jasmine who were
dressed in: a pair of Black boots which arrived to their knees, black fishnet
stockings, Black garter-belt, black thong, black leather harness with a head
gear attached to it and their "C" cup tits were shown, black horse-bit and a
black mask which made sure that the view of her field was very small.

Then as everyone looked Geri led Justy to where she had to stand as the new
couple were about to enter and as Monique and Mona followed Anne, Geri reminded
her slave the punishment that she will get if she won't be nice, and then the
ceremony began with Mona signing her name while poor Monique was forced to sign
in her former name: Zack and the date showed that they got married ten years
ago, a few months after Monique and Moesha were kidnapped (got a divorce) which
meant that the couple was married for nine years and their witness was: Brenda
Davis, which in her case was just a few days before she became a ponygirl.

After the contract was signed, the lovely couple followed Anne to where Justy
stood and after a short ceremony the couple was married and then, Monique was
stripped until she was naked and as the guests began to mingle and to have fun,
Mitzi unleashed the male slaves who grabbed Monique and began to fuck her, and
as everyone watched Anne slipped to her office along with Milky, where there was
a Japanese man sitting in one of the chairs and next to him were a geisha and a
woman who was dressed in a potato sack which was cut in a way that her: ass,
pussy and tits were shown and she also had a rope used as a belt.

The poor woman was shackled and she also had a Neck corset which Anne decided
that it will remain there until she will learn to be a good little slave, on the
collar she had a heavy metal chain around her neck with the words: "princess
bitch" printed on the lock, a ball gag and a pair of leather, fingerless gloves
on her hands.

Then as Anne came closer to the table the man and the geisha stood up and after
Anne set at the table she opened her file cabinet and took out a suitcase which
she handed to the man who bowed and left, Anne came closer to the two women and
then as she set on a chair and grabbed the gagged woman's hair and pulled it,
the geisha knelt next to her as Anne asked: "Are you Chi-Chi?"

"Yes mistress." The woman replied.

Then Anne told Chi-Chi: "I read the file that your former mistress sent to me
and I know everything about you starting with the fact that you were once:
American, before you went through all of those surgeries which literally turned
you into a Japanese woman and since you are already trained and no one remember
who you were then I'll put on you this shocker, and I won't put you through the
re-education process... but you will be trained to become a lesbian sex-slave...
and before I'll forget: from now on you have a new name that will be: Ororro, so
that you'll always remember where you came from.", then when Anne finished she
put a chocker around Ororo's neck and when she finished, Anne wrote the word:
"SLUT" with bright Red lipstick before she kissed the Ororro on her lips.

Then after she finished, Anne informed the gag woman her plans: "There, there,
my sweet princess, you know that this is the best solution for your problems and
with my methods I will have you ready until the summer, next time when anyone
from your country will see you, your fading athletic build will be replaced with
one more becoming to a sex object: your breasts will go from a "C" cup to a
"DD", your waist will be corseted down from it's thick 28 inch, to a hour glass
tiny 18, and your hips will flare to a sexy curvy 38 inches... I'll have you
practicing each and every day walking in gradually higher and higher heels until
your wearing 5 inch stilettos and walking in hip swaying gyrating struts like a
slut.

I'll have your hair colored and styled in a wonderful big blonde bimbo
stereotype and your face, well, I know this doctor friend who owes me a big
favor, and with his expertise and my guiding hand, we will have you looking like
the proverbial emptied air headed bimbo that men fantasize to fuck, but would
never ever marry, not like chi-chi you won't go the entire way but I do promise
that: you will have big vacant puppy dog eyes, a cute little pixie nose, and a
full set of voluptuous pouting lips aching to be kissed, or suck something."
Anne said before she took a little rest and looked at the girl who tried to get
free as she heard Anne's plans for her.

"By the time the summer is over with you will look nothing like you look today,
no one will even recognize you as princess Samir ever again and with my
subliminal behavior changing methods, you will act and sound nothing like
yourself either And the best part of all is that: I will legally change your
name too. You will go from princess Samir, independent, intelligent, and
resourceful college coed of today, to Doll, a wanton bimbo sex toy of your
owner, Anne." Anne informed the princess who began to panic with every word that
Anne said.

"My very own Barbie Doll, who I can play with however I want, and I will too:
I'll dress you in all sorts of tight sexy clothes and have you model them for me
and maybe for some of my very close girlfriends too. You will wear all sorts of
fetish clothes. Lots of latex, rubber and leather outfits. I think you will
learn to love the feel of them on your skin as much as I will love feeling them
on you. If not, no big deal. There's nothing you will be able to do about it
anyway. My training methods will see to that.

And we will play all sorts of sexy and exciting games: You will learn to become
Doll the adorable obedient French Maid. You will be her a lot, both in fantasy
and in real life too, this way I will have no need for any outside maid service
when you move into my home and it will be so nice watching you do the house
work, the cooking, the cleaning, and the dusting in your tight latex maid's
outfit with your huge tits barely contained inside. I can just imagine hearing
the distinct clicking sounds your 5 inch heels make on the hard wood floors as
you scurry to get you chores done on time or else risk punishment, and punish I
will too my little strumpet. It's all part of my life, my passion, my desire and
soon yours too...

Then there will be Doll the Hooker, who will be all dressed up in shiny red
rubber and black leather swaggering around street corners trying your best to
attract someone you can have sex with for money... Maybe I'll have some of my
friends pick you up and use you for the night, anyway they want. Won't that be
fun? Licking some strange woman's pussy or sucking, and pussy fucking, some guys
long fat hard cock all night long is a nice option as we always needed someone
like what you'll become to close deals, and I promise that you will work over
time for us and after a while you would not to live in ANY other way... I'll
have to train you to deep throat a guy without gagging, it won't be such a big
deal for a whore like you, just a lot of practice that's all, and maybe I'll
have you do a gang bang if you'll b good... That would be interesting: a spoiled
brat like you servicing or being fucked by cock after cock after cock, or will
it be pussy after pussy after pussy, maybe even both, we'll see. It does sound
like something I would like to have a tape of though, and then we can watch it
together later on as you perform orally on my own pussy while I will make a list
of clients... Now that sounds delicious, doesn't it doll?" Anne said as she
looked at the woman whose efforts to escape began to slow.

"Oh, and maybe, I can rent you out as a secretary or receptionist, but on second
thought, that might not be a good idea. I think it would be a little too much
for my precious little air headed bimbo to deal with. However, we can role play
it. That's it! You won't have to tax that soon to be little numb brain of yours.
Just go through the motions as your working comrades come by and use you for
various sexual cravings, both men and women but the most wonderful adventure
that I am going to enjoy with you, and as such we will be doing it quite often
is: BONDAGE, and disciplining sweet bimbos like you going to be into sweet
submission. I have a whole dungeon loaded with all sorts of gear and apparatuses
and you are going to become an occupant as you will experience every last one of
them, many, many times doll." Anne said as the woman began to cry and scream
through her gag as Anne took a glass of water and drank it.

"I can't wait to show you off at one of those kinky parties. You will be my
submissive kinky Frankensteinist as I lead you around tether at the end of a
leash and your bimbo self will be displayed in complete restrained regalia...
Your entire body will be covered from head to toe in hot pink rubber and the
only parts left open will be your eyes, nipples and body orifices but not for
long as I'll have you wear a severe black leather corset. Oh I am afraid it is
going to be very uncomfortably tight on you dear BUT by then you will want to
please me in every way possible, so you'll beg me to wear it so very tightly and
you will really beg me as I'll train you to." Anne finished for now as she went
to the table and began t work on a few documents, when suddenly she said while
giving Chi-Chi a rope: "Your arms will be held behind your back in a black
leather single glove... Don't worry my dear, when that time comes having your
elbows touch behind your back for extended periods of time will become second
nature to you. Although it will take some time to get you to that level, but I
will be diligent in your training and won't let up a single moment no matter how
hard or how long you beg and plea for mercy... That goes to show you how much I
really care about you sweetie pie." and as she talked the Ororro stripped the
woman and re-dressed her in: an orange thong, then she put on her wrists and
around her legs golden handcuffs with a chain and then came the most humiliating
part in the new wardrobe of the ex-princess: Golden collar with a leash attached
to it.

"And let's not forget about your shoes, or I think this time we will go with
boots. Yes, knee high, stiletto heeled, black shiny boots. I may even have you
wear a pair of short linked ankle cuffs with them as I do so love watching a
bound bimbos like you mince around in dainty little steps with her heels
clicking upon a hard floor, but then I told you that already didn't I slave
girl... now let's see what else is there, oh yes: we have to fill up your holes
too. Oh that is easy: I'll feel them with long, fat, rubber dildoes for your
pussy and ass, much bigger than you are wearing now and I'll have them vibrate
and shock you remotely, so that I will be able to control you even from afar and
we'll even work out a code: One ass shock for turning left, one pussy shock for
turning right... A vibrating ass plug for backing up and a vibrating pussy plug
for moving straight ahead. And one big ass shock to get you going and an equal
or better shock to you pussy to stop. Oh won't that be great? I can even have
people play with you through the night like some wind up toy doll, but then
again at that point that's exactly what you will be and you will learn
everything including the fact that if you won't be here then you will be
punished." Anne said as the new slave began to scream and moan.

"Oh my goodness, I almost completely forgot about your head... Well that just
will not do, let me think... I know a rigid corset neck collar first off. It
will hold that pretty empty head of yours still, erect and constantly looking
forward, a gag is a must. I can't tell you enough how much I love hearing the
distressed sounds of a gagged woman. All the moans and groans of a helpless
femme fatale emanating from a well packed mouth makes. Oh yes, we're definitely
going to have to practice on controlling your gagging response... I don't want
anything bad to happen to my little toy doll now that I have her, so I guess you
can tell that your going to be gagged a lot, practically all the time in fact.
Oh well, such is life, your pitiful little life that is." Anne informed Doll as
she was helped by Ororro to seat the now fighting slave on the table.

"So, I think an inflatable bladder gag in combination with a whole head hardness
will look good on you at that party honey pot, lots of thin black leather straps
going around your pink latex clad head. First, I will buckle them all nice and
firm, then I'll pump up that bladder gag until I get that glassy eye look from
you. Oh your going to look so cute with those straps biting deeply into your
latex covered face, I can't wait seeing your bug eyed expression over inflated
hot pink cheeks. That image of you in my mind's eye is getting me so excited
right now and to top it off, I'll have your long blonde hair pulled through a
hole at the top of your latex hood and braided into a long pony tail. Oh, that
reminds me. Have you ever heard of a ponygirl dear? Never mind, you will
experience it soon enough, which reminds me that I'll team you with: Barbie,
other slave who went through some of that process." Anne said as she looked at
Doll, while Ororro finished tying the ropes of a black hood which covered her
entire head accept for her nose and mouth, and pulled the hair through the hole
and tied her to a chair.

Then once doll was secured, Anne led Ororro out of the room and locked it as she
returned to the party and took Ororro for a tour while doll tried to escape,
once they were in Anne went to get granny and they past next to Monique who was
tied to a table and was fucked in her ass by the father of Anne and Barbie while
she saw Mitzi standing there as she held a leash which was attached to Lisa's
newest slave, Sport, who was already the subject of Mitzi's plans as he remained
the same frightened man as he was with his former mistress, but now Sport had a
buzz-cut instead of all the hair that he used to have, and he was dressed in:
pink skin-tight bicycle shorts wrapped around his knees while he had a red thong
covering his dick, small wrinkled T-shirt with the words: "slave in training."
printed on the back, a pair of pink girlish sneakers and pink ankle-socks and it
was obvious to everyone that none of the men liked it but Monique and sport
didn't have a choice.

Once the two arrived to where the ponygirls rested, Anne released Granny and the
two dragged her to Anne's room where she was tied back to her "post" and once
again began to be milked as Anne informed her 'cows': "from now on, ALL of you
will have to work overtime, as if your lactation is the sole source for my idea
which is to start my own line of "wholesome" dairy products and with: Darcie Mc
Vey as my spokeswoman, and Milky as a backup, we're going to be reach and since
the firm is in need for money then we decided that some of my slaves will be
working overtime as cows." before she changed her dress into an outfit which
included: blue gown, sash with attached peplum, black choker, gloves, headband,
and net slip.

Then as Anne was dressed she went to Baby's cage and when she stood next to the
cage, Anne informed Baby: "I'm going to open the cage and once it will be open,
you will crawl under MY gown and whenever I'll stand then you will start to
lick... we will use this vibrator as a sign so you'll be able to know when I'm
going to stand and when I'm going to walk which means that you'll have to crawl,
clear?"

"Yes Mistress." Baby replied.

Then Anne opened the cage while informing Cathy: "Now I decided to have a new
chamber maid and that maid is about to be you, Cathy or should I say: Honey
Homemaker... that my dear means that you are about to: clean, cook, scrub the
floor and act like a regular made unless I will decide to use you in another
way, so now I want you to get your ass out of that cage so that I'll be able to
dress you up!", then after she finished Cathy went out of her cage and looked at
her daughter, baby, who was sobbing as Anne put a shocker collar around Cathy's
neck with a dog-tag which said:

Name: Honey Homemaker.
Owner: Anne Smith.
Number: 090717148
Uses: General.

Then Anne went to her table which had a gym beg on it, and then after she
pressed the remote Anne opened the beg from which she took: a pair of slippers,
a tiny apron, necklace, an old rag and a rag.

Then as Anne dressed Honey, she saw the humiliation in her eyes and then when
she finished: "now honey, for your sake I hope that you'll do better job then
the last maid that I had and you really shouldn't worry because I'm not going to
use you as a slut... for now because I need a toy like you to play with after a
long hard work, not to mention that you will serve my spokeswomen:  Ms. Mc-Vey,
who used to be a reporter until she was turned into a mindless LoveDoll, and
Ororro who used to be one of the most famous race queen who worked for the Itto
corporation, now return to your cage!"

Then after Cathy was back in her cage, Anne opened Baby's cage and after she
placed a vibrator deep inside Baby's ass, the teenager crawled under her dress
like she was ordered before Anne pushed the remote which sent signals to the
vibrator's in the asses of: Baby and Milky and returned to the 2nd part of the
reception party with her and it was just in time because now: Anne and Barbie's
father was once again fucking Monique in her ass after he got 2 pills of Viagra,
Margaret was fucking Monique in her "pussy" after he got: 7 pills after his dick
was finely out of the cage after two hand a half years and was so small that he
looked like a woman before he got naked.

Other then that, Monique was sucking Lora's dick after hit got the same
treatment that Margaret had, but Anne didn't remained there long as she moved to
where the "female entertainment" was but not before she saw Mona standing
smiling next to Mitzi and the sobbing Sport (who by now knew what Lisa's plans
were for him but he feared for his wife Barbie who was no where in site, as he
was informed by Mitzi that now after Anne got her there is no way that she will
let her go to "get well" and returned to be his true love, Sarah.) at the side
of the room as her 'wife' was raped and had to bare the fact that she was
officially divorced from Moesha while she had no where to go after Anne reminded
her that if anyone will know that she and Moesha ere alive then she will go
straight to jail for: faking her death, selling Moesha to the gang and a few
other crimes that he will spend his entire life in jail while: Mona will abuse
Anne's female slaves while Mitzi will work on the male slaves and their
testimonies will clear Anne who will remain there ALONE with her (Monique's)
Moesha who will be helpless against Anne's will.

Meanwhile in Las-Vegas, Nevada Donald-Mitchell, Cathy's former husband, met with
his son and Lynn's husband, Kevin, after it's bean two years since Catherine,
Melissa and Lynn vanished and the police closed the case, but it looked odd to
Donald who remembered the times in which Catherine acted very strange before she
committed herself.

Then as the meeting was almost over, Donald informed the two young men that
someone saw a few women who looked like: Cathy, Melissa and Lynn so they decided
that Kevin will go there, and look if that information is true but they had no
idea where to look or where to start so they decided to that the first place
that he will start at will be a lawyer firm which is called: "Geri and company."
In which he would talk with a lawyer called: Anne Smith who was by now very
famous and known for dealing with the strangest clients such as: the notorious
Morganna Morgul.

* * * * * * *

After the party was over and all the guest returned home, Anne went to her room
where Milky helped her to get naked and then after she led her niece, baby, to
her cage Milky went to where Anne stood while Anne opened a secret door and once
it was opened the dolls got in.

Once all the dolls were in the room they got naked and went to bed, while Anne
led Milky to granny's chair who looked at Anne in the same look which she used
to look at Wendy while she was still in the clinic and was forced to have sex
with her daughter and granddaughter, then when Anne looked at her Granny saw
that the evil brunette suddenly had a smile like Morganna used to have and then
she realized in horror that Morganna was the inspiration to what Anne became as
she was now: self confident than Let, so long as things are going well and every
one is obeying her she is not sadistic and doesn't go out of her way to abuse
the slaves.

Anne also reminded Morganna to Granny because just like the later, family
tradition is very important to her, and while Morganna would most abuse and use:
Valkie, Anne on the other hand made sure that ALL of the people who abused her
mother will be humiliated and everything that she did was with the full support
and help of her mother until Lisa became cripple.

Then Anne informed the sobbing woman that from now on whenever she is not milked
then she will be used her for doing some domestic chores like: gourmet cooking,
scrubbing the floors with a mop or with a pair of brushes which were connected
very tightly to her huge breasts as her maid, or that she will be working as her
private gardener with a special focus on roses which were Lisa's most favorite
flowers and reminded her of Anne: lovely from one side and can sting if you are
not careful.

Then Anne informed Granny that other then her domestic chores, then she will be
used as a working mare and a cow since there are nor enough cows and that she
will be naked and barefoot ALL the times unless she will work as a slut and once
she finished Anne led Milky to the bed and fucked her for a while before she
once again tied her leash to the d-ring and then Anne went to sleep.

The end of chapter 7.

The permissions.

1. Moesha and Monique\Zack were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their
wedding night" by Ted E. bear and used with his permission.
2. Morganna, Shysty, Wendy, Leticia, Meggy, Scorpion, Valkie, Justy, Soapy,
Dopey, Granny and the other of GW's characters are being used with the author's
permission and can be fined at his shelf on this site.
3. Moesha and Monique came from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding night" by
Ted E. Bear and they are used with his permission.
4. Catherine Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate, Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn, Kevin, Donald
and Chip were created and owned by Rebecca, in books which are available from
eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also housewivesatplay.net and also a few of the
ideas were inspired by her comics and it is used for MY personal use ONLY.
5. Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.
6. Darcie was taken from the story: "return of the ultimate lovedolls" by
Vendatrix.
7. Ms. Americana is used with Mr. X's permission.
8. Musk and Jasmine were taken from the story: "'Tis the Season" and are used
with the permission of Musker.
9. Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story "Surrendering
Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author.
10. Roger "Margaret" Claybourne was taken from the story: "caught and nailed" by
Llyons and used with his permission.
11. Jeff "Lora Will" Phillips was taken from the story "Susan's new life south
of the border" by the headhunter and used with his permission




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 8&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Anne gets a surprising proposal but she founds a way to refuse in the nicest
way while Lisa and Mitzi continue to have their usual fun.&gt;

The decliner:

Note_1: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you
are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and
ALL of the characters and the events are made-up.

Note_2: that story is NOT a sequel to any of the stories that I borrowed
characters from, it is based only on what I know from the stories, for example:
Anne, Lisa, Mitzi, Mona and a few others won't be found in any of those stories
because they belong to me.

Note_3: I would like to thank: Ted E. Bear and Musker for the help and the wise
advices that they gave me for the wedding and for TWO very special "muses" who
one of them gave me a story to put her in my story, and the other one gives me
new ideas whenever I'm looking at her work and I would also like to thank GW for
the help in this chapter.

Part_8 - you will never know what life will send you, but always remember to
enjoy it.

It's been one month after the wedding and Mona and Monique were still in their
honey moon which as Anne promised, would be for two months in which they were
sent to Hawaii, where Monique was forced to pleasure Mona when they were in the
room as she spent all of the time tied to a bed, unless Mona sent some people to
the room and Monique was a part of a gang-bang which was filmed as Anne ordered
so that it will be used for marketing Monique as the perfect thing for her
costumers in the special sex-clubs in which she was forced to work back at:
Empire-city.

Anne was just finished to eat her breakfast which was made by Granny, who for
the first time was dressed in her domestic outfit which included: a metal belt
which was placed around her waist and was connected by chain to a 3 pound
prisoner ball, a pair of slave-bracelets around her legs which were connected by
a very short chain, her collar, and a black leather hood which covered her
entire face and had a hole which her now long hair was pulled through.

Then after Anne finished eating, the poor woman lay on her lap while Anne began
to spank her (Granny) with the hairbrush that Leticia used to spank her on an
hourly basic, until the miserable woman who once was a strong independent woman
was now sobbing like a little girl as Anne took it upon herself to train the
miserable woman until she learned a very important lesson, which Leticia always
talked after she had an argue with Morganna and took her frustrations on the
helpless slave: "you see cow: growing up in the shadow of my Morganna, who
always used to bully me, it was necessity for me to learn how to use her fists
just to survive. Once started, I found it exciting and stimulating fun,
particularly if your opponent was at a disadvantage... I discovered at an early
age, that I really liked hitting other people, particularly girls who were
prettier or more popular than I was, and that included most of the female
population and since you USED TO BE one of the most beautiful, popular women in
the world automatically aroused all of my resentful envy and that is why I'm
going to teach you how to be submissive slut, and the first lesson will be brush
101."

A few minutes later, when Anne finished she sent Granny to the garden to start
working on the roses while Anne went to her room where she met her slaves and
since it was her first week of in five years, then Anne decided that she would
spend more time with her slaves and will get to know them better.

When Anne got to the room the phone rang and Anne decided to say that she is not
in, in a very special way so she put the call on speaker and said as Baby began
to lick her pussy: "Hello, you have reached the phone line of Anne Smith, I'm
not in right now but if you will leave a massage after the scream then I'll try
to get back to you..." then Anne pinched Tina who was without her "skin" who
began to scream.

Once Anne stopped the pinch she heard Geri saying: "Ms. Smith, this is your boss
speaking... once you'll get this massage please call me because there is a guy
here in the office, whose name is Kevin Kravitz who said that he arrived here
from: Seattle to speak with you about is wife, Lynn, so move your ass over here
before I will hurt him."

"What do you mean by hurt him?" Anne asked.

"You don't want to know." Geri replied.

"Please ask him to return in a week." Anne asked her boss and a few minutes
later she heard Geri screaming at the man, before Geri hang up the phone.

Then after Anne hang up the phone she went to where Baby was, who now except for
her stockings and gloves also wore a diaper with a hole in her ass for the
"tail", and then Anne led her to her desk where baby crawled under the table and
Anne began to write a response letter:

"Dear Nancy,

I was very happy to red the letter that you spent me, and I especially liked to
hear that my milk products helped your daughter to get better and also that you
received the pictures of Ms. Mc'Vey, it was very heart worming for her to hear
that people are still remember are even after the long time since she retired.

As you know our products are very healthy and natural (not like the Milky-Milk
products), and as such we are very happy to have such a healthy cows which we
keep under a strict diet to keep their milk as healthier then the one of our
distinguished competitors, as you know we are still a small company with very
small funds, but I can assure you that as long as there are people like you who
enjoys then we will keep a very high standards for our Milk, which it's price
will be decreased over the following months.

All of the celebrities, who works for our company doing it for free and they are
willing to do it for as long as we will need, in favor of legal advises which
our expert gives them for free... which if you will think on that is very funny
as Bratty, Fate and Kandy are accustomed to get more money, especially Bratty
after she used to stand at the end of the "Milky-Milk productions" but as you
know that company is now part of my corporation and I need some competition so
here in Empire-city because I don't want to be declared as a Monopoly, because
as you know there is the Anti-Monopoly law in this great country of our which
states that a monopolies are not allowed in this country.

You asked me: "what you prefer to be: a monopoly or to be a company with healthy
competition?" and I will answer you this way: as a consumer I will tell you that
this law is a great law because it gives us, the consumers the opportunity to
choose between the best companies and to buy things that we need at the lowest
cost so that the money will be used for better: education, health budgets and a
few other things in which we, the citizens, of a country can get better future
for our children and to make the best with our money.

HOWEVER, as a business owner I will tell you that I prefer to be the only
company in the market so that I will be able to get more money, and by doing so
I will be able to give back to the community in which I grew up and to use my
powers to do good things and to donate my money for charities like: the war on
drugs, better education plan, better buildings, better infrastructure and also
to help children who needs it like this company is doing here in Empire-city.

I know that there are monopolies that use their powers to get more control over
the market, and I agree with what you wrote to me in the last letter which you
sent to me that the word "monopoly" in the eyes of the "little person" sounds
like a monster and with some of the monopolies that we used to have I agree with
you and that is why the governments should control their economies, BUT as a
true believer in the free market I also want to believe that the average person
can make his or her decisions so that it will be based on the information that
he or she has without the fear of being punished by one of the sides in the
conflict.

Please write to us soon.

The CEO of the company."

Then after Anne signed on the letter, she read it one more time before she
proudly put the letter in an envelope and enjoyed Baby who licked her, while she
looked at her sex-toy, Tina, who was without her dummy's "skin" as she
helplessly squirmed on the lacing stand but now the former CEO had a ring-gag in
her mouth while her blonde hair was still covered with the leather skull cap
which also held her new gag in her mouth as she helplessly drooled over her gag
and her entire chin while she looked in horror on her new "skin" which now also
had an opening for her mouth which the helpless Blonde knew that Anne would
force her to use it for licking her ass and pussy or in cleaning her boots as
the sobbing woman would have to it porridge.

When Anne finished after a few minutes, the door opened and Tina saw a young
Black woman who was absolutely stunning as her skin was very smooth, her Black
hair was free and reached her body but the thing which caught Tina's attention
was the woman's big, deep Blue eyes which gave her the feeling of drowning as
she looked at her getting closer and closer to where the helpless woman stood,
and that was when she took the helpless woman of the lacing stand and began to
turn her around before she dressed her in her new skin, and for the first time
Tina realized her future as she saw that Anne did her homework: this woman used
to work for her and was discriminated in pay because of her skin and she was
fired three weeks because Tina turned into a doll, because she only asked for a
raise so that she will be able to pay for the surgery of her father and that she
will be able to release him from the hospital.

On her part, the woman never forgot how Tina humiliated her when she dared to
ask for a simple raise or offered that she will get her paycheck in advance, but
she never got it until one day which was three days after she was fired a blonde
woman came to her and gave her the money that she needed and vanished.

Three months later after her father was free, the black woman began to search
for the nice woman who helped her and it was very hard because the blonde never
said a word or gave her any clue of who she was until one day she came into a
lawyer firm and so a slut walking into an office with the words: "Anne Smith,
lawyer." On the door, so when she came into the room the slut was nowhere to be
found, instead of the slut she saw the back of a blonde who was dressed in:
Black flat shoes, stockings, knee length skirt and a jacket.

Once the lawyer she turned, the black woman introduced herself as: Latifa Jones,
and that was when she looked at the woman she saw the blonde woman who gave her
the money and since then both women met a few times until they became a couple
but before they got more serious, Anne told Latifa that she prefers to be "free"
and then at the wedding ceremony, the woman saw the slaves and realized that
even though Anne loved her like the way that Lisa loved Mitzi, but not like her
mother: Anne wanted to be free of commitment as she didn't gave her trust to
anyone.

Then after Latifa finished she asked Anne: "say Anne, how long you have her?"

"Six months, and still counting." Anne replied with her newly found wit.

"You know, now I know why I like you so much: you don't like anyone and when you
do like someone then you can be honest with him." Latifa said as Anne's eyebrow
rode high.

"Two things:

1. I DON'T like men.
2. If you'll betray me then you'll become one of them.

Other then that I'm very cute and if you will look at the way in which I grew
up, it is very easy for me to hold a grudge and I have the memory of a nomad
which mean that if you'll betray me, then I will never forget it." Anne informed
Latifa.

"Say Anne, will you accept me as your slave?" Latifa asked Anne who was shocked.

"What?" Anne asked as she almost fell from her feet.

"Well, now after daddy is the nursing home and I lost my job, will you accept me
as your slave? You see: I can't fine another job to do and so I'm asking you to
consider my request in the most serious way that you know how." Latifa replied
as Anne' gave her Kelly's leash and told her to take her for a walk.

Then as Latifa took Kelly to a walk, Anne took Milky and led her to Lisa's room.

Once they got to the room, Anne knocked on the door and once it was open and the
two women got into the room Anne saw her mother in bed with Mitzi who was naked,
resting next to Lisa on one side as they looked at Sport who was naked in his
cage as he only were the cage, Sack and the chastity belt as well as his a black
hood which covered his entire face accept for four holes: two tiny holes for
breathing and two a little bigger for looking and a neck-corset tied around his
neck.

Then Anne lay on the bed next to her mother and while she talked with her mother
for Ten minutes, Mitzi toyed with Milky like a cat that was toying with a mouse
until Anne finished her talk with her mother, and then they left the room as
Anne's heart became heavier as she knew what she had to do and she knew that she
hated what she will have to do next.

Then after Anne walked away, Lisa saw Mitzi taunting her ex-boyfriend from
collage, Bob, who forgot Lisa and now he was a married man with wife and two
kids, but unfortunately for him, he had 17" vibrator in his ass as he wore the
first outfit that each new slave wore (until Mitzi decided that he is ready to
become a woman) and also included: black fishnet stockings with attached leather
garter belts, a pair of handcuffs, leather straitjacket, neck corset and a
headgear which was connected to his neck corset but he didn't wore the
chastity-belt because he was impotent and Mitzi had other plans for him.

Then when Bob was out of his cage, Mitzi put a leash in the d-ring and took the
helpless slave for a run.

Once Mitzi left the room, Lisa looked at Margaret who was in her cell dressed in
full body corset as he cleaned Mitzi's leather boots and sobbed helplessly, as
he remained the only slave who was not sold to Eric and Erica who offered Lisa
billions for him but she never sold him because: he was the only slave who
belonged to Mitzi who destroyed him as he became a submissive bisexual who was
by now attracted to man and he was very glad that Lora's wife was still at the
cantina at the: "la casa putas" and couldn't see what he became... or at least
that was what he thought without knowing that Anne had a Mexican friend called:
Juanita Morales, who bought Susan and traded information about Margaret with
Anne in return to: Lora will and most of Anne's slaves as well as video tapes of
them in action.

Meanwhile across the city, Kevin tried to fine Anne's address after he had a
tough time with her boss and he saw that she lived in a house which once was
owned by: Laurie something who disappeared ten years and since then the house
was used by: Anne and her mother, but when he arrived he saw that there was NO
way that someone lived there because it was a bigger dump and so he had to start
back from scratch and that was when he took a taxi to the airport as he realized
that Anne will contact him when she will be ready and it won't help him to look
for her.

* * * * * * * *
It's been one hour after Latifa left the room, and when she returned she saw
Anne sitting on the sofa with Darcie licking her pussy so she came closer to
Anne until she stood infront of her and then when she finely stood infront of
Anne she asked her: "did you think about what I asked you?"

"Yes I did... I have good news and bad ones, the bad news are that I won't
accept you as my slave, I saw you're suitcases and I don't believe that you told
me the truth." Anne replied.

"I will leave as soon as I will be able to." Latifa said with a tear in her
eyes.

"I don't want you to leave, Latifa because I want to have more serious relations
with you, and that is the good news." Anne said with a smile.

"What do you mean, Anne?" Latifa asked.

"Well, I decided that you will become the submissive in our relations and that
means that you will have to do as I say without any discussions, and in return I
will give you Tina as your toy and Kelly as your puppy to be dominated when I
won't be able to play with you... BUT I promise you that as my submissive you
will get more sex then you ever had, so what do you say... Latifa?" Anne asked.

"I agree, so what is the first thing that I need to do?" Latifa asked with a
smile.

"Strip until you will be naked and sit next to me." Anne replied and as Latifa
did as she was ordered by her dominatrix, Anne turned to: Cathy, Cheryl, Brandi
and Melody and ordered them to get Latifa's suitcases in and put all of her
cloths together with the new wardrobe which Anne bought are and to put in a pile
ALL of the conservative cloths as Latifa won't be needing them anymore in their
current form and because of that they will be changed.

Then after Latifa got naked, she set next to Anne who told her: "now Latifa, the
first lesson that you are about to get is about to be called: 'teasing the
dominatrix and pleasuring myself' in which you will do the following: hold one
of your teats and start to lick it after you will pull it up for Five minutes
without stopping and then I want you to do the same with the other one for
another five minutes, understood?"

"Yes Anne." Latifa replied as she began to do what Anne told her, while Anne
smiled at the woman and after kissing her pet's head she took of her wrist-clock
and put another clock on the table.

"Then after you'll finish I want you to take your hands and play with your
nipples for another five minutes, before you'll start to masturbate for five
minutes and then I want you to take a dildo in your pussy for five minutes
before you will suck it clean, understood?" Anne asked her submissive
girlfriend.

"Yes Anne." Latifa answered as she reached an orgasm and began to cry from all
the pleasures as she realized that Anne began to turn her into sex addicted, but
better yet: Anne turned her into her private sex toy and she liked it.

"Now, from now on you'll have a new name: Bambi, which you'll have to learn
to... now once you will finish with that I want you to start to read those
magazines on the table so that you will learn some techniques to tease me and
once we will be in bed, then you will have to pleasure me but do not worry your
pretty head because once I'll be pleased then you are about to get more sex then
you'll ever had but that means that you'll have to become a lesbian and stop
loving other men or women who are not me as you are my special lover and I want
you to myself... you will also be required to be naked most of the times, and
you'll have to cut all the ties with your past (accept for the one with your
father) because they can't help us to get anything and also because most of them
are men and i heard that your ex fiance wants you back, so once you are mine
then you will have to be loyal to me and to me only, understood?" Anne asked the
panting, naked woman who set next to her and began to sweat as she hugged her
little lover who was more submissive then what Anne expected, and smiled at her
while inside Anne laughed as she knew that she had her and there was no way that
she will return to her former life as the woman loved Anne now more then ever.

Then as pet began to moan as she enjoyed her new life, Anne told honey to get
Tina who was by now ready in her new skin and to position her so that she will
lick pet's pussy and as she did what she was told she saw her sister, Milky, and
her daughter, baby, on the coffee-table in a 69 position with Milky on top.

Then once Tina was positioned and began to lick her pussy, honey returned do her
chores while Anne told Dolly-doll to lick Latifa's right teat while Moesha
licked the other one in the same time in which: Barbie and cupcake oral massaged
her feet as Latifa slowly accepted her role as the submissive part in the
relationships as she knew that though Anne will control her life now, that might
be better life then the ones that she used to have as she completely accepted
the life as Anne's submissive after Tina began to lick her and she reached one
of the biggest orgasms that she never had.

Then Anne reached another orgasm, she took the constitution and began to work on
the civil sue against the former CEO, president and the owner of Tina's
corporation as together with Latifa she decided to sue them on offences against
Latifa's right as their lawyers tried to drag on the trial for getting the last
payment which Latifa desperately needed to keep her father in the nursery home
and she also filed for the supreme court as the bale which a court once forced
Latifa to pay was to high: 9,999,999.99$ after she tried to show new evidences
concerning the reasons in which she was fired.

Meanwhile in Lisa's room: Mitzi returned from her walk Bob who was sweating and
squealing like a pig after the long training and the whipping which he got, once
he was back in the cage Mitzi crawled into the bed and began to lick Lisa who
was covered with the blanket and began the moan while Bob began to cry in his
cage as Mitzi told him her plans for him which meant problems for him.

Then after a few minutes in which Mitzi licked Lisa, she (Mitzi) got out of the
bad and after getting Margaret out of the cage she led the sobbing men to the
coffee table and after she tied him up, Mitzi went to the other cage and took
Bob who knew what will happen next as she forced him to take 9 pills of Viagra
and then as he began to grow, Mitzi replaced the vibrator with 19" butt-plug and
once he was ready then Mitzi tied him to Margaret's ass and he began to fuck the
helpless slave while Mitzi took of the hood and the neck-corset.

Then after Mitzi finished, and after she lay in the bad she gave Lisa the remote
to the plug and as Lisa began to rub Mitzi's hair she kept Bob fucking Margaret
while every round hour Mitzi came and forced Bob to take another 9 pills which
slowly made him addicted to Viagra and it didn't took long before he was broken
willed and was ready to do what Lisa and Mitzi told him to as both women were
very pleased.

* * * * * * * *
It was almost lunch time when Latifa stood infront of Anne, still naked after
her dominatrix finished to teach her how to act in her new role in life, and now
it was time to show Latifa the new wardrobe of cloths which Anne bought her (as
well as her former cloths which wore modified so that it will be perfect for her
new role in life) as it also included most of the cloths in Cupcake's wardrobe
which was broken up into many categories.

Starting with a selection of clothes that seemed tailored for a four year old
girl living in Victorian England, Latifa beheld an entire collection of little
girl Alice in Wonderland dresses. Microscopic waistlines; puffy, billowing
petticoats that lifted the hemlines of skirts that wouldn't even reach the
middle of her thighs; lacey, satin frocks; small, cute aprons; large, stiff
bows; soft, gentle ribbons.

Any grown woman forced to put on such dresses was soon reduced to a cutesy,
little baby doll of a girl and to match the assortment of bright dresses, Anne
opened two draws below the hanging clothes that were filled with creamy, white
stockings, garter belts, chokers, frilly ribbons and bows, dainty gloves, and a
collection of Mary Jane shoes... each with a ballet-sized heel... each made in a
bright, patent leather.

Moving on, Latifa was led, to an assortment of rubber clothing: Latex, PVC and
straight rubber outfits littered the corner of the closet with a mounting
dumbness to her expression, Latifa stared on as Anne produced cat suits,
micro-minis, full-body suits, halter tops, and the occasional pair of pants,
hobble skirts, and cut-out tops and that was when Anne's student began to moan
as she liked what she saw and wanted more.

The outfits were accompanied by a different type of heel: open-toed platform
mules with 6 inch heels were lined up under the rubber outfits.

Although this assortment of clothing came in pastel colors just as bright as the
first... the heels were a little racier: Darker shades of pink, lavender, blue,
yellow, orange and white were the colors here. And a few pairs seemed to have no
color at all, and were clear.

Latifa was next hauled to a collection of uniforms.

While the majority of the uniforms seemed to be French Maid outfits which were
not your ordinary maid's outfits that you'd find in a Halloween store, rather
each outfit had a severe, hourglass waist and the proper cut-outs in the ass and
breast-line area.

The fabrics of the maid's outfits ranged from: latex, to rubber, to vinyl, to
satin, to cotton.

As the hour pushed on, Latifa was introduced to all sorts of different outfits:
Tops that had names stenciled in them and Latifa was in heaven as she read the
names of some of the shirts: "Barbie Girl; Barbie Slut; Fuck Doll; Airhead;
Bimbo; Bimbo Slut; Tits; Property of Melvin; Cum Deposit; Cunt etc."

Then Latifa was also introduced to a variety of toys and bondage gear: from a
huge assortment of plug gags which included binky gags, ball gags, dildo gags,
ring gags to an assortment of dildos ranging from anal plugs to a 12 inch black
dildo which Anne teased Latifa with by forcing her to lick it like a lollipop
for the rest of the tour.

When the tour was over, Anne saw that Latifa was floating with emotions and then
she came closer to the woman and hugged her naked and soft body before she took
her to the bed and after she put on a strap on Dildo, Anne began to fuck Latifa
and she actually enjoyed to hear the woman moaning and begging to get more and
to be dominated by the Blonde who smiled at her from behind.

Meanwhile in her room, Mitzi and Lisa still had Bob fucking Margaret who moaned
like a woman so loud, that it only took three minutes before Anne who was
dressed in a long robe, and Latifa who was dressed in Red babydoll arrived over
and was shocked to see the two men fucking each other while the two women on the
bed laughed and giggled.

Then Anne came closer to the bed and once she was close enough, she put her hand
on Lisa's head and said: "ma, I want you to meet Latifa who is my lover... by
the way ma, you never told me that this kind of men in the league of Bob here
loves men... I remember your stories on how he betrayed you but this is
absolutely a shocking."

"Nice to meet you Latifa, this woman here is Mitzi and as far as what I told you
Anne: until Mitzi showed me I never had the clue that he is this way and love
men, so if you need to know then thank Mitzi... by the way pumpkin, did you know
that Mitzi here used to work as a dominatrix in some club while she was paying
for her studies?" Lisa replied as she smiled at Mitzi.

"No, I never had the clue because I was not the one who found Mitzi... however,
I am very pleased that you found someone like her who can take my place as I
need to do a study of my own in a strange subject for me which is called: Love,
because as you know I never experienced that thing and it will be such a great
thing for me to get more in touch with my feelings and my lost feminine side BUT
I do promise you that I won't leave you and that I'll be there for you when you
will need me... and now please forgive me because I've to train Latifa for her
new role in life as the submissive in our relationship." Anne said and then she
kissed her mother and left the room with Latifa whose hand was in her crotchless
panties while Mitzi and Lisa continued what they did before Anne arrived and
each couple actually was relieved because now Anne could spend more time with
Latifa and her slaves while Lisa could spend more time with Mitzi and to enjoy
the shows that Mitzi arranged for her with her actor and "actress".

Then a few minutes after Anne and Latifa left, Mitzi placed a ring gag in
Margaret's mouth before she placed a dildo infront of Margaret and then after
she helped Lisa to get into her wheelchair and pushed her over to where the
helpless couple, Mitzi began to fuck Margaret's face while Lisa pressed on the
remote.

Then after Latifa and Anne returned to their room, the two re-started what they
stopped three minutes ago and they enjoyed it until it was time to eat lunch.

Meanwhile in the dining room, granny just finished to set the table and finished
with fixing lunch, when Anne arrived to the room laughing as she was dress with
a robe as she led a naked, black woman who held a leash to poor dummy and then
as they began to eat the once proud woman crawled under the table and began to
lick her evil mistress while she heard Anne who still worked on the re-education
of Latifa who was a natural born submissive and enjoyed her new life as she saw
how many "cows" Anne had.

Once they finished eating, Anne took of the metal belt with the help of Latifa
who then helped her lover to get granny to a rickshaw and once they attached the
slave-bracelets to her hands, Latifa took a "tail" and shoved it into granny's
ass who began to scream until it was it and then  she secured a neck-corset
around Granny's neck (just as she was trained) before she took leather hood and
after she tightened the ropes then Latifa took a headgear with attached ring
placed and began to tighten it.

Then after the helpless woman was secured and the straps were attached to the
neck-corset, Latifa gave granny a smack on her right, large nipple and that was
when she began to giggle so innocently that Anne became very proud of what she
turned the former receptionist into, while Latifa continued to humiliate granny
as she took a mask shaped like a horse's face with horse's hears as well and
when she finished with that, she went to Anne who kissed her for the next few
seconds before Latifa returned to work with a big smile on her face as she saw
how Anne was proud of what she was able to turn Latifa into.

The next item which Latifa got for the "mare" was a pink crotchless pants which
were very tight and then she attached a sign with two chains which said: "I used
to be someone, now I'm not." to Granny's pierced nipples and that was when the
reins came.

Then as Anne grabbed the reins, Latifa attached Tina's collar to one of the
leashes of the rickshaw before she grabbed a blanket, an then after she kneeled
infront of Anne and began to lick her, Anne covered her with the blanket while
she controlled the pony infront of her who did everything that she could think
about in order of escaping from the evil women while she was whipped and
re-whipped by Anne and when they returned then Latifa and Anne returned granny
to her milking post before the two came to Lisa's room and said goodbye to
Margaret who was about to be send to the former mistress of Monique, before they
returned to their room and watched a movie staring: Honey, and in that movie she
worked in a sex club and was fucked by hundreds of men while some guy talked
about her next to the camera.

The end of chapter_8.

The permissions.

1. GW's characters are being used with the author's permission and can be fined
at his shelf on this site.
2. Catherine Mitchell, Melissa Mitchell, Patty Johnson, Beth, Bratty Sneers,
Fate, Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn, Kevin, Donald and Chip were created and owned by
Rebecca, in books which are available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and also a few of the ideas were inspired by her comics and
it is used for MY personal use ONLY.
3. Roger "Margaret" Claybourne was taken from the story: "caught and nailed" by
Llyons and used with his permission.
4. Cheryl, Brandi and Melody were taken from the story "Sheik Rashid's
Vengeance" by Llabmik and used with her permission.
5. Darcie was taken from the story: "return of the ultimate lovedolls" by
Vendatrix.
6. Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.
7. Monique, Moesha and Monique's former mistress were taken from the story:
"kidnapped on their wedding night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's
permission.
8. Latifa's outfits were taken from the story: "Becoming cupcake" by the
mayorofCherish and used with the author's permission.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 9&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Anne talks with a fan about her life, Lisa's surprise, a day in the mall, a 2nd
confession from Anne,&gt;

The decliner:

Note_1: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you
are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and
ALL of the characters and the events are made-up.

Note_2: that story is NOT a sequel to any of the stories that I borrowed
characters from, for example: the story "The lab-rat" by Musker ends when Dr.
Brigs takes her doll, Barbie Derman, to her home and into her new life and non
of the characters that I attached (Anne, Barbie's Parents and etc.) are in the
story.

Part_9 - A lesson in History.

It's been a one hour since Anne's meeting with one of her fan who arrived with
two Blonde women, who looked to Anne like an experienced sluts when the
questions became more interesting for her:

"How will you describe Anne Smith before she became a mistress and as Mistress
Anne?" the fan asked.

"Anne before she was a mistress was a nobody with helpless and broken mother
(who couldn't even do her job as a mother), she was an outsider and an outcast
by the society that she lived in, while after she became a mistress she was
accepted by her new friends even though she was the youngest mistress and maybe
even the most terrified as she was not used to be a mistress." Anne began to
reply as she looked at the loyal Latifa who held her hand and tried to comfort
her.

"And what about Mistress Anne?" the fan asked.

"Mistress Anne on the other hand represents my dreams, you see she is fearless,
powerful, and always ready to help her mother but she has a problem with trust
after what she went through." Anne replied.

"What do you think about your family?" the fan asked, forcing Anne to deal with
her feelings.

"My family is not important, as you know I grew up in Israel after those pigs
tried to erase my mother and myself, the bustard, from the family tree... I
always used to believe that they wanted to get away from their guilt but there
is nothing that they can do so that my mother or myself will forgive, them don't
get me wrong: I love Israel BUT I don't think that what my "family" did to us
was forgivable... yes, I'll admit that I'm a basted in both meanings BUT I'm Not
betraying my family." Anne replied.

"You mentioned Israel, what is your best memory from that country?" the fan
asked.

"Jerusalem." Anne said smiling.

"If someone came to you today, and asked the differences between you and the
mistress that you used to be when you first started what was your answer?" the
fan asked.

"When I began my role as a mistress, I was "Mistress Wimp", that means that I
was new and afraid to use my authority but now I'm more: "mistress outsider"
which means that I'm not a member of ANY groups, However I do try to keep my
authority but I'm not using any tortures but instead I'm letting Latifa and Mona
to do that part." Anne replied.

"Say Anne, if other mistress would come to you and offer to buy a slave, would
you agree?" the fan asked while putting her hand inside the skirt of one of the
women who arrived with her, and as she looked at Anne she saw that the woman had
a sadistic smile on her face as she looked at the two sluts.

"Good question Gina, I guess that in most of the cases the answer to that
question will be: yes BUT she will need to look sexy enough so that I will be
able to use them... so, what do you want in return for your sluts: Candy and
Bambi?" Anne asked as she saw Latifa's hand working in her pussy while the black
woman moaned and had the time of her life.

"I'll give them to you for: 1,000$ and a promise that you will give me free
legal advices for a year." Gina offered.

"Deal." Anne said smiling.

"How many women you got from women like you?" Gina asked.

"Women like me?" Anne asked.

"Mistresses like you." Gina corrected herself.

"Who knows? I don't go with a notebook and write: X from a mistress, Z by bet
and Y from a master." Anne explained smiling.

"Did your mother really wanted to kill herself?" Gina asked.

"Yes, her life was so miserable that she just wanted to end it." Anne said as
she felt a tear rolling down her cheek.

"What you think about: Morganna Morgul?" Gina asked.

"I think that she is great... after all she was my one of my mentors and I think
that she is one of the greatest people that I met." Anne replied as she pointed
on an old oil painting which showed: her, Lisa, Gerri, Morganna, Leticia and
Wendy smiling while the slaves were crying.

"Will you ever retire?" Gina asked.

"No... you see Gina, I have a role to play and a mother to take care of." Anne
replied.

"Anne, if this was a story and someone would ask you to describe your part, what
will it be: a heroine or vileness?" Gina asked.

"Both... you see if someone would check my history then I might be am heroine:
I've a mother whose life were ruined by a group which I dismantled and I have
Latifa, who has you can see is a black woman who was discriminated in her
working place because of her skin and here she is getting a poetic justice for
some and a revenge for the others as she is now the mistress of the woman who
was responsible for the life that she used to have and you also may find other
stories in my past." Anne said.

"But?" Gina said.

"But on the other hand I promise you that most of the people, who will see me,
will think that I'm vileness and now if you'll excuse me, I have to go." Anne
said, and then as Gina left Anne turned on the television and she and Latifa
enjoyed another movie staring Honey which started with a picture of some beach
with crystal clear, blue water and white sand.

Then a few minutes they saw: Honey naked as she plaid volleyball with one of her
former mistresses which was named, Beth, with her hands tied behind her back so
she had to answer with her head and serve with her feet and it was very funny
how the helpless slave jumped and bumped the ball with her head before she fell
on the sand and was forced to eat some send, and that was when they began to
enjoy the movie which was called: "Adventures in the beach".

Meanwhile in another room Lisa and Mitzi just woke up after they had a very long
night of watching the "local" channel which showed Moesha and Dolly-Doll having
sex infront of their ex and current husbands who were tied to a chair in some
room, which Anne convinced her uncle to "sponsor" after she found some dirt on
him with the help of Lisa as a revenge for what he did to her mother, but as far
as Anne and Mitzi were concern he still had a few things to do.

Then as Mitzi looked up at Lisa she saw a sadistic smile which caught her
surprised because she knew that this woman was as delicate as a flower and very
helpless but she liked the idea that from now on she might be more free to her
"art" but she also knew that today was not a good day for Lisa because that was
the day in which both: Rachel Smith was murdered in replaced with Lisa who was
an un happy woman who couldn't love anyone until she met Mitzi who was able to
teach the miserable woman how to love once again and that was when Lisa told
Mitzi: "tell me Mitzi, what you think about my pumpkin?"

"I think that Anne loves you very much, Lisa and that you might feel as if you
are alone on this day but please don't forget that you have TWO women who love
you and want to see you as happy as possible." Mitzi replied unhappy from the
question.

"Tell me Lora: do you know why I called Anne, Anna?" Lisa asked.

"No I don't Lisa, why?" Mitzi replied.

"Anna in Hebrew my dear Lora means: Please, and since Anna was my only daughter
I gave her to names but someway along the road she lost the 2nd name... you see
both names were a plea to my little daughter that she will bring me some hope
and she did her job, and in the process we became very close... you know, it is
very funny: when I was in Anne's age I was nothing but a sex-slave to be used by
my masters and mistresses while Anne is dedicating herself to bring her mother
some justice." Lisa said before she shocked Mitzi and stood up on her legs and
began to walk around the room.

"LISA, you're walking, but how?" Mitzi asked Lisa almost crying from her joy.

"It is all thanks to you Lora, you see all of the times that we had sex it was
actually my therapy... I know that it might sound strange and ridicules but it
is true, and I want to tell you that I love you very much." Lisa said as she
began to strip and put on a strap on dildo and began to fuck Mitzi for the first
time, and had such a great time to hear that woman who helped her over the last
one and a half years moaning from joy and begging for more.

Then a few minutes later, Lisa led the former nurse to bob's cage and after they
released him then Lisa and Mitzi began to re-dress while the helpless man begged
for mercy and the first thing that they chose was a thong like chastity-belt and
as they put it on, Mitzi just couldn't stop to giggle as she watched bob trying
to resist and crying until they finished and once they finished, Lisa went to
pick some cloths while Mitzi looked at bob and saw how the man that he used to
be was gone when he saw Lisa standing while she attached the cage and sack to
the belt (but not like in Monique's case he had full erection) and then before
he could say anything to Mitzi they saw Lisa returning with a few things in her
hand and then they began to dress him with the outfit which Lisa chose for him
which included: Black 5" plastic pumps, Black pair of fishnet stockings, black
pair of garter belt, black leather skirt, black leather "A" cup bra and a wig
before they trained him in how to wear make-up and then after both women got
dressed, Lisa put a neck corset around Bob's neck.

Once Bob was ready, Lisa attached a leash to the collar and then after Mitzi and
her got dressed they took him to the mall and they planed special thing to him
because he was the first "woman" that they took for shopping.

Meanwhile in another room in the Monique was crying next to some guy that she
never saw as she was forced to look at Moesha having sex with a white copy of
herself who answered to the name: Dolly-doll while Moesha only answered to the
name: Barbie.

* * * * * * * *
It's been an hour since Lisa and Mitzi took Bob to do some shopping and now they
were in "Victoria's" and while Bob was given different types of cloths to wear
by Mitzi, Lisa talked with the saleswoman about the idiot brunettes who were six
months ago at the department store in Seattle and she was given a tape and 100%
discount for everything that she bought to poor bob.

The next stop was a beauty parlor, where Bob's shoulder length hair was bleached
and as the helpless man looked at Lisa he saw Rachel and then he remembered how
her love for him destroyed her, and then he realized that from her bitterness
Anne was born and grew up as the reprehensive for that hatred even though it was
Lisa who was supposed to be full with it and now he knew that Rachel who loved
him was dead and replaced with: Lisa Smith who was ready to cooperate with that
monsters: Anne and Mitzi.

Then the women who worked on his hair put some rollers and led him to the next
station where another woman began to work on his face and once she finished he
returned to the woman who worked on his hair and after she took the rollers he
was led to Mitzi and Lisa who took him for the car and headed home and once they
were in, Lisa and Mitzi led Bob to the room and just as they finished to strip
him to his chastity belt and on the way to the car they had a little chat as
Mitzi asked Lisa: "Tell me Lisa, what are you going to do with him?"

"Well, a few months ago when I still worked at the firm Anne was sent top
someone who turned out to be his son who humiliated my sweet and innocent little
daughter... don't get me wrong Lora, I know that Anne is not that innocent but
she worked hard and what he did to her was almost devastating so we going to
teach him a lesson on what it means to mess with Anne... you see Lora, I'm going
to give him to one of my only friends whose name is: Linda P. Johnson, who is
more experienced dominatrix then both of us and she will teach him a few
things." Lisa explained.

"What the P stand for?" Mitzi asked.

"No one knows." Lisa replied.

"And do you think that she will agree?" Mitzi asked concern.

"Ho Yeah, she just loves to humiliate men." Lisa replied with a smile.

"When did you meet her?" Mitzi asked.

"I first met her in Israel, she was just three years older then me and after she
serviced in the army I hired her to be Anne's tutor so that she will help her to
overcome her learning disabilities." Lisa answered.

"And then what happened?" Mitzi asked.

"Slowly she became Anne's "older sister" and took her to visit in a few
places... I still remember how whenever Anne had one of her Asthmatic attacks,
Linda always came and took us to the hospital... you know Lora, I think that
Anne spent most of her years in the emergency room because every attack just was
worst then the other until we met this doctor who checked her and told her that
there might be some surgery which might save and help her." Lisa said as a
shiver went up her spine.

"And did that Surgery worked?" Mitzi asked.

"Yes, and since then Anne only became stronger after she spent three days in the
hospital with none of her "friends" coming for a visit." Lisa said.

"So that's why she never wanted to meet anyone?" Mitzi asked.

"Yes, BUT Latifa changed all of that." Lisa answered.

Then both women began to talk about other things and then after they put the
sobbing bob in the backseat and got in, they drove home.

Meanwhile in Anne's room, the lawyer set with Latifa and looked at honey who ran
around the room and cleaned it and it was very nice to see how she ran around
with her blonde her swaying from side to side while her boobs jumped up and
down, while on her other side she saw Anne with Chi-Chi who was dressed as a
geisha but Latifa could see that the woman had 6" healed boots and that on her
ankle she had a chain which was connected to a steal ball while at their feat on
her hands and knees was the former princess, Samir, who only had a Black leather
collar around her neck and she was held by Krista who was dressed in a
schoolgirl outfit which included: black shoes, ankle-high socks, a red plated
skirt which was just at the edge of her pussy and showed half of her ass and a
white buttons shirt which was tied around her waist.

Other then that, Krista's face was covered with makeup as always and Anne kept
her much in the same way that her former mistress used to keep her but Anne used
her for other things, and no one other then Anne and Latifa was allowed to use
(like the rest of the women who came with her and the dolls) unless they got a
permission from Anne.

Then as Latifa began to moan, Anne went to continue the training of her
puppy-girls: Bubby (who was formally known as: princess Samir), Kelly, Karen,
Baby, Milky and Muffee.

* * * * * * * *
It has been now three hours since Anne began to train her "puppies" as she now
rested while Candy licked her pussy and Bambi licked Latifa's Pussy, after they
put all of the "puppies" back into their kennel shaped cages and it wasn't long
before Anne almost fell asleep when Barbie came into the room naked with her
cloths tucked under her arm after she spent an entire 6 hours "convincing" Bob's
son to hire Anne who had some plans of her own for him after she got the
pictures that Lisa and Mitzi took.

Then when Anne saw Barbie standing in the door way humiliated after the horrible
ordeal, she pushed Candy aside as she stood up, and said as she walked toward
her tormented slave: "so Barbie, did we caught him?"

"Yes Mistress." Barbie replied submissively.

"Tell me Barbie, do you remember how you used to make fun of me because my
mother used to be a slave?" Anne asked.

"Yes Mistress." Barbie replied.

"I never liked that... you see Barbie: I used to have a friend who was a lesbian
like me and she used to tell me about you but I never believed her until you
gave me a confession, but don't try to remember because that was after I had you
brainwashed six months ago... over the last six months lots of things as changed
in our relationships after you signed on a contract in which you gave me powers
of attorney so that I will be able to sell everything that you own (and you can
be sure that I was surprise to see how much you own), you also signed on another
paper directing that I am free to spend: all of your money on your future
education, and the best part of the story is that you've been declared insane by
the lunacy commission and since I'm your closest relative then I became your
legal guardian, isn't that great?" Anne informed poor Barbie, and as she looked
at Barbie she saw that the poor woman was in a state of shock and even though
she smiled and looked happy, everyone could see that she was just the opposite
but after the re-education and brainwashing that she went through then there was
no way for her to show what she felt as she knew that the worst was still to
come.

Then after a few seconds, Anne allowed Barbie to cry and as the helpless woman
put her face in her hands she heard Anne continue her lecture: "Won't that be
super, Barbie? You know that I'll take special care of you, aren't you my poor,
dippy darling?"

"Yes Mistress." Barbie answered, still crying.

"Infect, you can count on that, slut... just one more thing before I will
continue: from now on you will be my chauffeur! I always wanted a chauffeur with
big boobs like the one of my boss, but you are better and the best part is that
you might as well start your new duties today! In fact you can drive me for a
meeting in which I will get special pills for you as I decided that it is time
to get you to the next level, any questions?" Anne asked and as she looked at
Barbie she had great time as she saw the woman trying to resist.

"Yes mistress, what those pills will do?" Barbie asked.

"Those pills are apart of a research which your former mistress, Dr. Brigs,
began and they will make sure that 99% of you will be under my control... they
won't erase you as: Barbara Derman, but they will turn you into an obedient,
mindless sex slave. You see Barbie: the friend that I told you about was in the
campus psychology department's research units and she was the one who was
responsible for what happened to you, tell me Barbie: do you remember the black
girl that you once accused in stealing?" Anne asked with a sadistic smile on her
face.

"Yes... (sob) mistress... (sniffle) her name... (whimper) was: Rachel Mamba."
Barbie said.

"Yes Rachel... anyway she came with the idea for the research which was made of
four phase parts: the first phase of the research was to fined the perfect
candidate and to take over her mind (that was what dr. Brigs did to you over the
second semester of your junior year), the second part was just before the summer
when you was hooked and the good doctor turned you from: Ms. Barbara Derman, who
used to be an independent, intelligent, and resourceful heterosexual college
coed of today, to: Barbie Doll, who is nothing but the bisexual wanton bimbo sex
toy of Dr Madeline Brigs." Anne said as she slowly stroked the hair of her
crying and humiliated Doll.

"The third phase Barbie, was from that summer when your fading athletic build
was replaced with one more becoming to a sex object: Your breasts went from a
"C" cup to a "DD", your waist were corseted down from it's thick 28 inch, to a
hour glass tiny 18, and your hips flared to a sexy curvy 38 inches. The good
doctor had you practicing each and every day walking in gradually higher and
higher heels until your wearing 5 inch stilettos and walking in hip swaying
gyrating struts." Anne began and as she talked, Anne forced Barbie's hands down
before she forced Barbie to look at her.

"Dr. Brigs also had your hair colored, and styled in a wonderful big blonde
bimbo stereotype but what can I do that your clients prefer to see you in other
styles and we are here to do as they pleased... And your face, doctor Brigs took
you to see her friend who owed her a big favor after she brainwashed his wife to
become a ponygirl, and with his expertise, her guiding hand and my vision: we
had you looking like the proverbial emptied air headed bimbo that men fantasize
to fuck, but would never ever marry and after he finished, You have big vacant
puppy dog eyes, a cute little pixie nose, and a full set of voluptuous pouting
lips aching to be kissed, or suck something." Anne said before she snapped her
fingers and Barbie suddenly dropped down on her hands and knees and began to
lick her mistress's 5" heeled leather boots.

"By the time the summer was over with you looked nothing like you used to look
at that day and before him, and no one (myself included) recognized you as
Barbara ever again. And with the doctor's subliminal behavior changing methods,
you acted and sounded nothing like yourself either... And the best part of all
was that the lawyer friend who legally change your name too, for the simple
price of a blow job, is now a judge here in empire-city and my boss and myself
use you for our advantage, and that was how you went from Ms Barbara Derman:
independent, intelligent, and resourceful college coed of today, to Barbie Doll:
wanton bimbo sex toy of Dr Madeline Brigs." Anne finished the recap of events.

"Now Barbie, after you will start to get the pills then you will go through Six
phases:

1. humiliation.
2. anger.
3. fear.
4. frustrations.
5. resistance.
6. submission.

"You will become a better Barbie Doll, make no mistake about that. But you will
still be Barbara Derman too, that part of your persona can not be destroyed
whatsoever... What you will be in fact is a person of two personalities, or
identities if you will and My job, and my pleasure I might add, is to make
Barbie Doll the dominant type... you see slut: Barbara will slowly fade into the
background, her identity, her thoughts, her wants, her dreams, all that Barbara
is, is going to be repressed, encapsulated and placed way back into your mind
Kind of like a faint echo, I know that you heard it before, but this time there
will be no resistance." Anne said with a sadistic smile, while Barbie on her
part slobbered and kissed all over Anne's boots, just like she was trained as
she watched: Morganna's slave, Valkie.

"Barbie is going to come forth in all her: stereotyped, bondage loving,
submissive bimbo self. And if I have my way about it, that is how you are going
to stay, forever and ever. Unless I get tired of you, in that case I will start
to loan you at a handsome profit to one of my friends or business associates.
They are always on the lookout for a lovely piece of mindless fluff that can
lick pussy and suck cock like she was born to." Anne said as she looked at
Barbie who dropped to her knees.

"But because I am so deviously clever (and a bit sadistic) then I am going to
have Barbara switch places with Barbie and come out to express herself
sometimes, or at least try too. What I am saying is that: I love conflict and
distress. I love to tease to a point that might be considered over the top. I
make no excuses for it, that's just the way I am and I actually like myself this
way too. No doubt to you, to your upmost regret and so when you are looking ever
so bimboish, all nicely package in total scrumptiously tight bondage, them I am
going to let you, Barbara, come out and play. Of course there will be very
little that you can do in that situation other than to: try and fight for your
freedom, get angry with me to the point of trying to attack me, or be so
despondent that you would beg me to take you out of this functioning bizarre
reality and put you back into your little tiny box deep in your own subconscious
mind. Which I will do, but only when I want you there, not before as we have
some scores to settle." Anne said smiling.

"So why am I telling you this? First off, to taunt you even more than I already
have, I so love doing that... so my dear, may the best person, or in your case,
sex doll win, and now I want you to get naked and once you'll do then take the
plunger and start to unplug the toilet, understood?" Anne asked.

"Understood mistress." Barbie replied as she was in a state of total shock from
what she just heard: her life as she knew it would soon be changed totally
upside down by a mad woman as they will become worst and she was powerless to
stop her, and this time there was mot any glimpse of hope as she knew that
nothing will stop Anne from destroying her.

Then after Barbie was naked, she went to do what her mistress told her (against
her will) and while she did it, Anne gave Honey her uniform as the chambermaid
which included: super abbreviated flounced skirt, that didn't reach the top of
her thighs, no undergarments, with white lace apron, that extended between her
bounteous breasts but did not cover them, black fishnet stockings with garters,
doily cap.

And then once Honey was dressed, she returned to her work while Anne took Latifa
to the bed and they had sex.

The end of chapter 9.

The permissions.

1. Moesha and Monique\Zack were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their
wedding night" by Ted E. bear and used with his permission.
2. Catherine Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate, Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn, Kevin, Donald
and Chip were created and owned by Rebecca, in books which are available from
eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also housewivesatplay.net and also a few of the
ideas were inspired by her comics and it is used for MY personal use ONLY.
3. Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.
4. Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story "Surrendering
Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author.
5. Barbie and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat" and Muffee came
from the "Halloween trilogy" by Musker, and used with the author's permission.
6. Charlotte, Sherri, Christina, Barbie Dahl, Jennifer (from the story: "Pool
party), Jennifer (from the story: Dear diary), Karen and Squealer are being used
with Parker's permission.
7. The chambermaid uniform of Honey is being used with GW's permission.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 10&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Anne and Latifa are on their way back from Israel, while the new Bob start his
new job.&gt;

The decliner:

Note_1: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you
are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and
ALL of the characters and the events are made-up.

Note_2: that story is NOT a sequel to any of the stories that I borrowed
characters from, for example: what I wrote at the last chapter about Barbie was
my own interposition.

Part_10 - two slaves to the mistress....

It's been an entire month since Anne's license was revoked after she allegedly
insulted a judge, and since that time Anne took a vacation to Israel with Latifa
in which they spent the first two weeks in the dead-see and visited all of the
sited around it and in the rest of the time they visited all of the places
between Eilat in the south until the Golan mountains in the north including
Jerusalem in which both put a note in the west wall and what they requested was
granted as they had great time and there were no problems.

It was now their last day in Tel-Aviv on the way to the airport, and Latifa was
very excited because it was the first time in which she was in Israel which was
nothing like she thought and as Anne promised her Israel was very safe and
secured and not like they saw on the TV which shocked Latifa who saw that Israel
was a very safe place and not like she used to think.

Once in the airport Anne and Latifa went at the duty free and bought a few
souvenirs, and just as they were about to go to the gate 2 minutes before the
time of get into the plane for the flight when Latifa asked Anne: "Anne, what
the word: kosher means?"

"Kosher means that the product is according to the Jewish Halacha, for example
in order of getting a kosher meat then you have to cover it with salt and to
make sure that ALL the blood of the animal is out as the holly book-say: "thy
shall not eat meat with his mother's milk.", if you want an example for
something which is not Kosher then you have the pig... you see Latifa, there is
no way that you will fine pig in a Jewish restaurant because according to the
holly-book and the Halacha." Anne explained.

"Say Anne, how is it that you know so much and you're not a rabbi?" Latifa asked
as they got to the gate and gave their ticket.

"A rabbi is a job for males... However, I have a better job: I am a mistress who
makes me the most dangerous thing around AND I have very strong allies." Anne
whispered as they were on the bus to the plane, and then once they sited Anne
held Latifa's hand (who had a fear of fling) until the plane was in the air.

"You know Anne, I like it when you are explaining things to me... by the way,
and how long we will be in the plane?" Latifa asked with a smile.

"In this one, or in the next?" Anne asked.

"In this one." Latifa answered.

"11-12 hours, and then once we will be in JFK we will get into another plane for
another hour that will take 3-5 hours." Anne replied Latifa before kissing her
on the lips.

"In what part of the day we will be in our home?" Latifa asked after Anne
finished.

"Midnight, but you know what Latifa I need to do something in New-York so if you
want then you have three options:

1. Fly to Empire-city without me.
2. Fly to Empire-city with me.
3. You will remain in New-York with me.

I'm sorry that I didn't tell you this before but I just remembered." Anne
replied as the pilot began to talk.

Then after the pilot finished the last announcement in English, Latifa told
Anne: "I will remain with you in New-York, but how we will return home?"

"By a train, for a ride of five hours." Anne said before she asked the
stewardess for a favor, and then as the stewardess went to the pilot she put the
headphones and enjoyed the music while Latifa fell asleep.

Meanwhile in Empire-city, Lisa talked with Mitzi as they were on the way to meet
the new Bob: "Tell me Lora, did you ever heard about San-Tsu?"

"Yes Lisa, didn't he was a philosopher which wrote the art of war?" Mitzi
answered.

"You are right, do you know what this philosophy is saying?" Lisa asked.

"No, what?" Mitzi asked.

"It saying in simple words and in Anne's translation that knowledge is power,
and as long as you have that knowledge then you are the strongest... and you
know what, Anne is right." Lisa said.

"How do you know that?" Mitzi asked.

"Anne gave me that book when she first became a mistress, and from that book
Anne got her philosophy which saying that as a mistress she must have all the
knowledge about her slaves... you see Lora, Anne always told me that if she
wants to remain in power then she must have the power to control and to keep her
slaves." Lisa said smiling.

"And how does she implement that philosophy?" Mitzi asked.

"Well, Anne once told me that she has two phases: planning and executing... for
example, when Anne wanted to get Pinky she was almost obsessed with her as she
wanted to catch her without any life casualties (my legs doesn't count), then
when she was ready she told me the plan and then after she finished, we went to
work and we did it with the minor casualty of my legs, but as you know that was
for the best." Lisa said as she kissed Mitzi before they arrived to the cell of
the new Bob, which was the exact copy of a jail cell and in the middle of the
room was a blonde woman who was naked and they could hear her crying.

Once the door of the cell was open, the woman stood and both Lisa and Mitzi
began to laugh as they looked at the former man who now after a sex exchange
surgery became a black woman instead of the white, Blonde men with Blue eyes
that he used to be and as he looked at the two women he just wanted to crawl
under some rock.

Then before Bob could say anything, they gave him his outfit for today before
Mitzi led him to the local police station where he began his first day on the
job.

* * * * * *
When Latifa woke up it was time to lunch when she saw that next to Anne was a
very strange, Blonde woman who looked as if she became from some comics with her
small waist and her huge breasts and that the woman was dressed in Red stretch
shorts that had a V cut in front that was a good three inches below her belly
button while her breasts were covered with a tiny bikini top.

Suddenly the woman stood up with her back to Anne and Latifa, who could see that
the shorts were cut high in back so her cheeks would hang out before the woman
set down and continued to apply Anne's instructions as she smeared the lipstick
around her mouth.

Once she finished Anne turned to Latifa and said: "Latifa, I want you to meet
'candy' as she will be known and represented from now on... you see Latifa, I
just received her services as my new 'office manager' from her former boss who
told me that she used to be a secret agent, who disappeared five years ago in
the south-America and since then she moved from one country to the other."

"Nice, but does it safe?" Latifa answered still shocked.

"Yes it is, you see Latifa: Susan here was on her way to see me anyway so now
that we met, I have no need to rush back to empire-city and Geri will have more
time to help me with getting my license, I have a feeling that the judge who
blamed me won't know what hit her, by the way do you remember the song that I
taught you?" Anne said with a smile.

"Yes I do, and by the way: you are sick." Latifa answered.

"Why?" Anne asked.

"Only someone as sick and perverted and you can love that song." Latifa replied.

"What, you didn't like it?" Anne asked.

"No, I did not." Latifa answered.

'You have no appreciation Latifa, that song is considered to be one of the
greatest songs ever." Anne said.

"Yes, if you can't hear." Latifa agreed.

"Latifa, that song has everything from: pop to a Jewish theme." Anne said.

"Yes, but still I can't believe that you taught me that song... what will my
family will say?" Latifa asked before Anne kissed her on the lips.

Then a few seconds later Anne began to imitate Latifa's family while Latifa on
her part just laughed and laughed until tears began to roll on her face and then
she took a little break and put headphones on Candy's hears in which she heard a
music with a subliminal massage which said: "I am Candy! The lesbian bimbo slave
girl of Mistress Anne. I live to serve and bring pleasure to my Mistress. I am a
sex doll, to be dressed as my Mistress likes, and to bring to orgasm whomever
she desires. I have no mind of my own. I can not remember facts, figures or
dates. I am a bimbo, an air head, a pet and a slave. My tits, my ass, my pussy
and my mouth all belong to my Mistress, and she can use them however she wants.
I am a lesbian. I am a bimbo. I am a slave. I am Candy and Mistress Anne is my
owner.", until the end of the flight all candy would know is that she belongs to
Anne.

Meanwhile in empire-city, the new Bob arrived to the police station dressed in
the outfit for today which included: 7" pumps, Blue stockings, black fishnet
stocking, red evening gown which looked more like a sleeveless robe that was
closed with a diamond, fur coat, black opera gloves and in her left hand there
was a clutch-beg and a pearl bracelet, around her neck she had two pearl
necklaces which one of them was used as a leash to drag Bob to the street and on
his head Bob had red hat with a veil which covered the tiny holes of her eyes so
she had problem in escaping.

Then once Bob was inside the station, he went to the receptionist and said:
"Hallo, my name is Pussy and I was sent here to take over Monique's job after
all she is married now... so what do I need to do?"

"Sgt. Jones, please take Pussy here to cell 101 and leave her there for the rest
of the day." The receptionist asked, and as she finished the Sgt. came and took
Pussy into the cell where she was left for 48 hours as she finished the
remaining time in Monique's contract and feared the future.

The end of chapter 10.

The permissions.

1. What Candy hears was taken form the story: "Out of the Frying Pan and into
the Fire" by Musker and used with the author's permission.
2. Monique was taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding night" By Ted
E. Bear and used with the author's permission.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 11&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Anne wins a bet, a horseback riding, a game of darts, new fates, a walk through
the ranch, a lunch with the mistresses, first john and Anne accept Latifa's
dare.&gt;

The decliner:

Author's Note: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading
if you are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy
and ALL of the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel
to any of the stories that I borrowed characters from, for example: Justy,
Granny and Valkie remained with their mistresses.

Part_11 - I'm the mistress.

It has been Six days after Anne had another surgery in her nose to help her
breath better, and now she was out of the doctor's office after he finely took
the tampons out of her nose and her face had a few spots of blood after the
doctor put a salty water in her nose and a big splash came out of it, BUT the
good news for the poor woman was that the pain that she suffered from was almost
over.

Because Anne was very weak, she was forced to take small steps as she couldn't
walk straight and was very tired and upset until she saw the limousine which
waited for her and next to the door she saw her newest and last chauffer,
Valkie, standing humiliated in her chauffer uniform which included: red g-string
abbreviated matching red vest, red chauffer's cap which once belonged to an
organ grinder's monkey (and were infested with flees) and as she looked at the
humiliated woman she remembered how she traded Valkie with Morganna in exchange
to Valkie's younger sister.

Then when Anne stood next to her, she took the bands which held the poor woman's
in a pigtails and informed the almost crying chauffer: "now slut, I forbid you
to put those bands in your hair and to hold it as it was until now anymore,
clear?"

"Yes mistress." Valkie answered like a little girl who talked with the
headmistress in her school before being punished.

"You are a slave, and as such you have to do as I say or else I will turn you
in... you see Valkie, I know that you are the former DA, Ulrica-Wodden of our
fare city and so if you don't won't to have the 'narcs' and the police back on
your ass and you better be extra nice to me and to my friends, got it?" Anne
asked as she saw the helpless chauffer shivering.

"Yes mistress." Valkie answered helplessly as she pulled the sunglasses up.

"Now slave, I decided that from now on you will work as my chauffer and that you
won't get paid, clear?" Anne said with a smile.

"Yes mistress." Valkie answered with tears, but after a slap she stopped to sob.

"Now, here is the first rule: when anyone talk to you, then you must answer
unless I give you special permission by pinching your ass, understood?" Anne
asked with a smile.

"Yes mistress." Valkie replied.

"Now, our first stop will be: Phillipsberg High School, where we will pick up
Kate or as she is better known to you, buttercup." Anne informed Valkie as she
got into the car.

Once Anne was in the car, Valkie closed the door before she went to the driver
seat and drove to Phillipsberg High School as she was told to pick up poor Kate
Winston who used to be the Athletic Director until she met Geri Phillips's older
sister: Laurel, the music teacher, who enslaved the school's principal, Rosemary
Harrison, who demoted her best friend into the becoming the new janitor, while
he became the new Athletic Director and took over her office.

When poor Kate was in school she was forced to where a plated skirt without
anything under it, white (and too tight) shirt which she wrapped around her
waist, ankle high socks and a pair of sneakers which were two sizes smaller then
what she needed, and her duties included: cleaning the toilet, cleaning the
uniforms of the different squads, taking out the trash, serving Laurel and the
rest of the staff (accept for poor Rosemary, who was not cleared to enjoy
another slave and couldn't pay for her) while back at the house she was a
cowgirl named: 'Bertha' who was milked on a daily basic.

Then as the car arrived to the parking lot it was a few minutes after the guard
and the last student was still in school so Anne opened the backseat and looked
at: Justy (who was exchanged for other judge who did troubles to Geri) lay in
the trunk naked with a tube ran from the center hole in her gag to a bag filled
with liquid hanging from the top side of the trunk.

Since the trip would take several hours and she didn't want her new possession
to become dehydrated, so Anne arranged for the liquid to slowly drip into the
back of Justy's throat. This liquid had a mild muscle relaxer added to it, so
that Justy would not suffer from any muscle cramps while on her journey.

A wire cable was connected to the base of the dolly that activated the dildos
inside of poor Justy's lower orifices which their activation was done
automatically by a simple little electronic device, inside the trunk, or by a
remote wireless module.

The dildos were capable of vibrating, rotating and of producing a mild electric
shock, if it were deemed necessary.

Finely after everyone were out of the school primacies, Anne noticed another
Limousine arriving while she and the itching Valkie went to the school and as
they were inside the school primacies both mistress and slave had a strange
feeling which finely came to an end after a man who was dressed like Valkie came
out of the driver seat and set on the hood like some hood ornament.

Then Anne led poor Valkie across the school until they got to the tracks, and
that was when Anne saw something that she liked very much: in the middle of the
track next to two piles which consisted skirts and tank-tops was Laurel, the
music teacher, who held to remotes in her hand which sent orders to the shocking
collars of the helpless Kate and Rosemary who were naked accept for their
sneakers and looked very humiliated as they were screaming in horror each time
that they were shocked.

Then as the current round was over, Anne slowly did her way to the track with
Valkie's support (who by now, after 15 years with Morganna was very submissive,
like Justy) and then once they were next to Laurel, Anne received the remote
which controlled Kate's shocker and said as loud as she could: "Say, how about a
bet?"

"What do you have in mind, Anne?" Laurel asked shocked.

"If I will win, then I'll get: Rosy and Kate... However, if you will win then
you will get them." Anne explained and almost fell as she became tired.

"How many rounds?" Laurel asked with a smile.

"The best 2 out of 3, each round will be made of 5 laps around the track."
Valkie answered (trying to please Anne on her first day as a slave, so that Anne
will like her and won't torment her like her former mistress: Morganna) instead
of Anne who had a bigger smile.

"And what are you going to do with them?" Laurel asked.

"I'm going to turn the winner into a cowgirl for good, and the looser will
become my ponygirl." Anne answered after Valkie gave her a bottle of water and
renewed Anne's powers.

"I don't get it Anne: the winner is the quicker one so not turning her into the
ponygirl? And what is a cowgirl?" Laurel asked confused.

"Well, in the case before of us you might be right BUT since Kate has bigger
breasts then Rosy then she will be able to produce more milk to me and it will
be wise investment to have that kind of cowgirl while on the other hand, Rosy
will be a better investment as a ponygirl because of the way that she is
built..." Anne explained before she took a little break in which she motioned
Kate to come closer to her, and once she did then Anne began to rub her ass
while she quietly sobbed.

"But don't worry: as a ponygirl, Rosy will remain here in school and you will be
able to take advantage of her situation whenever she will be here and won't be
to busy in doing her duties which are about to include: pulling carts and racing
sulkies like a horse, but I have to warn you that as MY pony she won't be here
much as she will have to train and to become a champion like the rest of my
ponygirls... however, I have some bad news which are that if Kate will win then
she won't remain here in school because as a cowgirl she will move to live with
the rest of the cows in her own little stable made for her with straw and such."
Anne began to explain.

"I would feed her a sparing diet of vegetables and grains and she would even
exercise her on a tread mill to make her body lean and hard. I would force her
to defecate like an animal, outside. When the lactation drug will begin to work,
I would milk her like a cow. That ought to really drive Kate wild, seeing those
special mechanical milking cups sucking milk from her bovine sized udders each
and every day that I will decided to keep her as 'Buttercup' (that will be her
new name, Laurel) And to make it all the more humiliating for her, and adding to
her Kate's persona, I would have my cute Buttercup's pussy stimulated each time
she will be milked. Soon she would be trained to be sexually aroused, and then
to orgasm, each time someone plays with her tits or treats her as something less
than human and from a personal experience I can tell you that whenever a cowgirl
is being fucked while she is being milked, then her milk becomes a little
sweater." Anne said before she almost fainted.

"Can we use the remotes to rush them?" Laurel asked, and Anne shook her head:
Yes, while Valkie helped her to stand.

"You know what? I'm in." Laurel said with a smile as she grabbed Kate's hand and
led her to the starting line while Laurel did the same to the sobbing Rosemary
who tried to get free but it was for no avail and saw the race began and it was
over after an entire hour with Kate wins 2/3 and that was when Anne led the two
humiliated women (who were still naked) to her car where she forced Rosy to get
into the backseat from the left and after she fastened the safety belt, Anne
took a pair of handcuffs and tied her hands together before she forced a pink
ball gag into the helpless slave's mouth.

Then Anne went to the trunk, and after she took out Justy who was dressed in her
maid uniform which included: super abbreviated flounced skirt, that didn't reach
the top of her thighs, no undergarments, with white lace aprons that extended
between her bounteous breasts but did not cover them, black fishnet stockings
with garters and doily caps.

Once Justy was out of the trunk, then she and Valkie were forced to help their
evil mistress to dress poor Kate in her cow suit which was made from:  spandex,
in white with big black splotches on it, with a special white and black open
face hood made up with big cow's ears on it, then they passed over Kate's neck a
special collar for her sweet Buttercup.

It was like those no barking dog collars and each time she tried to speak, she
got a bad shock as the only sounds she was able to make would be those of a cow,
a mooing sound, then over the collar they placed big cow bell which was hung
from her collar that would clang each time she moved around on all fours.

On her hands buttercup had special cow hoofs that couldn't be taken off, except
with a special key while on her feet would be those ballerina knee high heeled
boots, also in the white and black colors. Her lower and upper legs were bound
together so that she had to walk on her padded knees and a butt plug would be
placed into her bung hole, with a cow's tail hanging down from it and then once
the former teacher\janitor was ready then Valkie and Justy loaded her into the
trunk.

Once the door of the trunk was closed Anne moved Justy right part of the
backseat and once she was secured, Anne told Valkie as she got into the limo:
"drive to the ranch, Valkie!" and then after she was in, Valkie went into the
driver seat and drove to Anne's retiring range (in which Anne, her mother,
Latifa and Mitzi now lived) where they will leave: Kate, Rosy and Justy at the
stables before they will return home which was a couple of feet away so that it
will be easier for Anne to move from the house to the stables of the ponygirls
or the cowgirls.

Meanwhile at the ranch Latifa dressed Tina in a thong and she just finished to
put on the bondage belt around the helpless woman when the door opened just as
Tina was helplessly bent, and as she saw the door open she 'pushed on the
paddle' and tried to escape but she bumped into Mitzi (who held a pair of rains)
who began to laugh as she dragged the humiliated sex-doll back into the room and
helped Latifa to put a saddle on the girls back.

Then once the saddle was secured, Latifa led Tina to the tracks and once they
got there then Latifa jumped on the saddle and held Tina's hair while Mitzi did
the same with poor Tina as Mitzi decided to call Bob because he was the exact
copy of what the helpless sex-doll used to be exactly 1 year ago just after she
disappeared.

Then after a thirty minutes of riding, Latifa and Mitzi stopped and after they
tied the horses: Latifa and Mitzi began to play darts on Bob's tits who was tied
as if he was on a cross while all they had to do with Tina was to tie a rope to
one of the rings in her collar and she was secured until Bob's tattooed ass was
sore, and then both women came to where Tina stood and after they took of the
fake areolas and opened the zipper they began to play with Tina's nipples until
they left the cheap rubber blow-up doll and returned to torture Bob.

* * * * * * * * *
It has been one hour after Anne left the school primacies with her slaves, and
she just led Justy and Valkie to the house in which she lived with Latifa (Lisa
and Mitzi lived in a house not far) after she put Kate at the milking post in
her stable which was basically a table with two large holes for her breasts and
it also had 4 straps which held her legs and hands tightly to the table.

On her back she had two other straps which crisscrossed her back while there
another strap on her lower-back and another strap for each of her hips, then as
the milking machine began to work the former teacher began to squirm and try to
resist while Anne (who knew that there was no way that she will escape) locked
the door of the stable.

Next was poor Rosy who was naked with only a restraining glove which held her
hands behind her back, a collar with 4 rings which had a chain attached to it
and two pairs of handcuffs: one for her knees and the other for her 9" boots and
again Anne kept the door to her stable closed as a security measure in case Rosy
will try to escape from her.

Once they were inside the house, Anne led: Justy and Valkie to a room at the 2nd
floor where they bound Anne's special cow, Justy, stringent with her hands
secured behind her back, on her knees, bent over at the waist as the chain on
her collar had been clipped tightly to a ring in the floor.

Then Justy's knees were pulled outward by two elastic straps, forcing her to
strain to keep her legs closed. If she relaxed, her legs were pulled apart and
her pussy was lowered onto a large dildo which Mona bought on the honeymoon and
Darcy, the former feminist activate who cost Anne her license and became her
slave, had fixed to the floor.

For the next 30 seconds, Justy grunted as she tried desperately to keep her legs
closed, but the straps inevitably won, inexorably sliding her further and
further down onto the dildo and then after a while, she would give up, and allow
herself to be completely impaled but then she would grunt in anger and squeeze
herself up off the intruder and then after Justy was secured Anne took a
barb-wire and began to 'decorate' the poor woman's breast with it before she
placed a cloth-pin on the helpless woman before she attached the milking-caps to
Justy's breasts and began to milk her.

The next phase on Anne's plan to keep her promise to Geri was to put a collar
with four rings around Justy's neck and to attach it to the wall until the
helpless woman's back was as straight as a pencil, that way whenever the machine
pumped her beasts Justy pushed to the machine and suffered BUT that was not the
worst part because once Anne left the room with Valkie, three rats came into the
room and began to crawl all over Justy who was helpless to get them of.

Then Anne led Valkie to her (Valkie's new room) in which she dressed her like
her aunt was dressed as the handmaiden of princess Erishka who was the
Morganna's great, great, great, great grandmother and now Valkie was barefoot
with a dog collar tied around her once stiff neck and her long, golden hair tied
back with an old rag while her divine, womanly nakedness covered with naught but
a troll's dirty, castoff, loincloth.

Then Valkie obediently served her cruel mistress, Anne who was pleased with her
new slave locked her in a cage before she went out of the room and after she
locked the doors, Anne went to her room and after attaching a leash to Milky she
took her for the daily walk and it was a great fun for Anne who walked behind
her and enjoyed the view of Milky's ass swaying from one side to the other until
they got to their special place which had a view of the entire ranch.

Once there, Anne led Milky to some cave while she imitated and mocked Milky's
former while saying: "Okay Milky, its kinda time for you to learn, like a few
things."

"Yes mistress." Milky replied as if Anne was her former mistress who by now was
in Kate's situation, while her mistress striped in the cave and put on a huge
strap on dildo and then once the dildo was strap in Anne pushed Milky's legs
until they reached her chest and hen without any words Anne placed the dildo in
Milky's pussy and began to fuck her for 3 minutes past and then she asked:
"Milky, what's the matter with you? You seem to be distracted."

"AAAHRGG... i-it's just... HOOOOOOOOO... Th-that i-I miss m-my... OHHHHHHH...
Nicole... OW... HO... MFF... RAM IT, MISTRESS...  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhrgg...
m-my... mff... l-little girl is living with her... Ahhhh... hooooooooooo...
mmm... oooooooooooooh... mmmmm... ho... ho... hooo... OW... ho... nff... ho...
ngf... mmm..." Milky screamed and tried to say while Anne began to pull the
dildo out of Milky's pussy after she had one major orgasm after another and her
cum after 27 minutes.

Once the entire dildo was out of Milky's pussy, Anne said: "you know Milky; I
seemed to neglect your ass over the last trips over here, right?"

"Yes mistress." Milky agreed with Anne as she hoped that the sexy brunette will
fuck her ass soon.

"Do you like it when I fuck you?" Anne asked with an evil smile.

"OW... HO... yes mistress... OOOHHH... HOOOOO..." Milky answered her mistress
still suffering the affect of her last orgasm.

"And who you belong to: Kevin, Bertha?" Anne asked.

"No mistress, I belong to you... I'm your sex slave." Milky answered as Anne
forced her to turn around and once she was on her hands and knees then Anne
fucked her and again Milky experienced one major orgasm after the other for
another for another 30 minutes, and then once Anne pulled the dildo out of
Milky's ass, she forced Milky to suck and clean it until Milky began to slobber
all over it.

Then Anne led Milky to some stream and forced her to clean herself in it, and
then after Milky did her mistress's biding and was out she heard Anne saying:
"tell me Milky, what you know about that Jennifer from the movies?" as she came
closer to Milky and began to play with her nipples.

"Well mistress: I only know that she used to have some sort of relations with
Baby and Honey, but I don't know when." Milky answered Anne who gave her some
soap.

"You see, someone sent me her diary in the mail today and according to that she
used to be: Honey's slave and Baby's lover... however, today she is married to
some rich girl named: Karen Burke, but I'm going to bring her (Jennifer) over so
that we will have some fun but until then I'm going to take you to the limit and
there is nothing that Baby or Honey can do about it... but if they'll try then I
will hold you responsible and your punishment will be no sex for an entire mouth
as you will wear the steel bondage gear." Anne said, but then she decided to
give Milky some hope and that was when she added: "However, if you will be nice
and won't say anything then I promise that you will get more sex then you can
handle with." Before she placed Milky's "tail" back into her ass after a long
absence, and then as she looked at Milky's face she saw how happy Milky was.

Meanwhile Hilda, who Anne bought from one of her former clients, Dita, was on
her knees in the kitchen dressed in a replica of the original outfit in which
Justy grandmother was dressed which consisted of: a scarlet brassiere and
matching garter belt, and a pair of white lace bikini panties with a red heart
in the center infront of Lisa who enjoyed her restored "charms" while she did
Lisa's now weekly pedicure with such an expertise as poor Hilda slowly trimmed
Lisa's toenails with a tear in her eye as she thought about her mother.

Then without any other words, Hilda applied red nail polish.

She dreaded this chore, because if she made the slightest mistake, then Lisa
used to tell Mitzi who would punish her unmercifully, she could never forget the
terrible week of torture she endured after Mitzi flogged her back with a bull
whip, because she spilled the polish and she knew that if she'll make a mistake
then according to the way in which Anne was educated then if the punish is
justify then she won't interfere.

Then once Hilda finished the door opened and a few seconds later Latifa, Mitzi
and Anne (with their slaves) arrived to eat lunch together as they did over the
last few months ever since Anne lost her license accept for when she represented
her mother and the company which she owned and stood at the head of together
with: Morganna and Geri who each owned 25% of the shares and the right to put a
veto when one of them thought that there was some resolution which didn't set
right with them.

Then after all the mistresses set down, granny, Valkie and Jennifer began to
serve the food while the mistresses ate and had fun at the expans of the
helpless slaves, and then after they finished to eat: Anne and Latifa went
upstairs where they had sex for two hours while Lisa and Mitzi did the same and
the maid bossed the two slaves around before Granny went to her corner (which
was not far from the motel in which Anne held her sluts at the end of the ranch)
where she met with Suzy Wang who waited for her daily shoe shine and indeed just
like always Granny dropped to her hands and knees, and began to lick and slobber
over the whore's shoes while the whore pulled the back part of Granny's skirt
and showed Granny's ass which was covered in Pink laced panties and though
Granny was old there was no mark over her ass or well shaped body.

Then after a few minutes in which a crowd of men looked at the old whore, Suzy
told granny to start giving blow-jobs to everyone there and once she (Granny)
finished to do as she was told, Granny was told to crawl under the skirts of the
other sluts who were in the area and serve them before Suzy led her to the first
client of the night who paid for her: 10,000 dollars for an entire hour.

 * * * * * * * * *
"WHY THAT SON OF A BITCH, I'M GOING TO MAKE THAT PIG WISH THAT HE NEVER MESSED
WITH ME... FIRST HE ROBS ME OUT OF MY LICENSE AND NOW HE FILES FOR A LAW SUE
AGAINTS ME, I SWEAR LATIFA THAT THIS SON OF A BITCH WON'T GET AWAY WITH THIS
EVEN IF I'LL HAVE TO GO TO THE EXTREME WITH HIM... READ MY LIPS LATIFA: THAT GUY
IS AS GOOD AS DEAD ONCE I'LL GET MY HANDS ON HIS SQUIRMY NECK, NO ONE DOES THIS
TO ME AND GETS AWAY WITH IT... MARK MY WORDS: HE WILL PAY DEARLY FOR WHAT HE DID
TO ME." Anne screamed after she received a call from Geri that one of her
(Anne's) biggest competitors files for a sue against her as he found out that
Anne had some connection to the kidnapping of Lora will, the former mayor of
Empire-city, and tried to blackmail Anne.

"Why are you so upset, Anne?" Latifa asked with a smile on her face

"What do you mean, Latifa? You know that this son of a bitch trying to blackmail
me." Anne answered after she calmed down.

"So? Think about if, Anne: you have Lora will, right?" Latifa asked with a
bigger smile.

"Yes, so?" Anne replied confused as she looked at Latifa who set on the bed in
the laced, pink panties which Anne bought her before she went to take the
tampons out of her nose.

"So you can use Lora Will... think about it Anne: you are Lora Will's mistress
and you have more information about her then what that blackmailer has so you
can 'persuade' the former mayor to see things YOUR way... Anne please return to
me, I need you." Latifa replied as she began to walk forward Anne.

"What do you mean by: 'Anne please return to me, I need you.' Latifa? I'm right
here." Anne asked just as Latifa stood behind her and began to massage her back
very slowly.

"Well, ever since we returned from Israel you stopped to work with: Anne Smith
but you began to work with Anna Smith and I'm sorry but I don't like Anna, she
is too soft and I need to have Anne back." Latifa replied as she slowly began to
lick her mouth before she came infront of Anne and set on her lap with her face
toward Anne and then without any words she began to lick Anne's face almost
daring her to join but once Latifa finished she returned to the bed and set on
Tina's face who began to lick her ass while she heard Anne saying: "Too soft?
I'm too soft? We will just have to see about that." As she went out of the room
and then after a few minutes she returned with Valkie who was naked and afraid
inside of a cradle shaped cage.

Then Anne took poor Valkie out of the cage with the help of Darcie and Honey
(who were dressed the same), and once she was out then the first thing that Anne
did was to dress the former DA in a diaper, then Anne took two pink ribbons and
tied Valkie's hair in two brands before she took a bow and placed it on Valkie's
head to keep her face visible without any hairs.

The next thing that Anne did was to place a baby's apron around Valkie's before
Anne forced the helpless Blonde to put pink baby's shoes on her feet and pink
Baby's mittens on her hands and before she informed the new "baby": "now, since
you are a wanted drug dealer then I can't use your original name then I'll have
to give you a new name which you'll learn to respond to or else you'll be
punished... now let me think... I know, you're new name will be: Pamela, that
way I will be able to use you as my chauffer and once you won't have to drive me
around then you'll spend your time as little pam-pam in which you won't use the
letter: R, instead you'll put: W and smile, understood?"

"Yes mistwess." Pam answered and she could see how pleased her mistress was.

"Now as you know: Latifa and I are a team and as such we share Tina... so let me
warn you: if you will do anything that will humiliate Latifa then you'll be
punished, understood? Now remember two things Pammy:

1. You have no life but to serve me and my friends.
2. I know ALL about SV, JL and SG so don't try to escape because your friend
will pay for it, AND you will be in jail.

Now Valkie, I know what you are thinking and I'm warning you: one mistake and
Morganna will be a saint in compare to Latifa, who will get free hand as she
will punish you and I won't do anything to stop her... if you will do something
against my mother then I'll know and you will spend some time with Mom's lover,
Lora, who will be very happy to teach you a few things, understood?" Anne
informed the sobbing woman.

"Yes mistwess." Pam answered humiliated as Anne forced her back into the cage,
and once she was in the cage: Pam put the binkie back into her mouth and cried
while Anne went to where Latifa lay on the bed and after placing in a box which
looked like an action figure's, Anne looked at the other boxes where she saw the
rest of her dolls: the former Ms. Americana (Brenda Wayne), Cupcake, Barbie,
Dolly-doll, Karol, Moesha and Darcie who may lost control over who they were
after Anne conditioned ALL of them to be like Barbie who was the prototype.

And then once she finished then Anne had another idea, and so she brought: Honey
and Baby to the bed and forced them to have sex with each other like they did in
the video that they received and then as Latifa began to moan from the pleasure
of seeing Anne's return, Anne asked her: "Who was too soft?" before she kissed
Latifa on her mouth.

The end of Chapter_11.

The permission.

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW, while Rosemary Harrison, Laurel Phillips and Kate Winston
were taken from the story: "Another Lesson" by GW and being used with the
author's permission and can be fined at his shelf on this site.
2. Moesha and Monique came from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding night" by
Ted E. Bear and they are used with his permission.
3. Catherine Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate, Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn, Kevin, Donald
and Chip were created and owned by Rebecca, in books which are available from
eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also housewivesatplay.net and also a few of the
ideas were inspired by her comics and it is used for MY personal use ONLY.
4. Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.
5. Darcie was taken from the story: "return of the ultimate lovedolls" by
Vendatrix.
6. Ms. Americana is used with Mr. X's permission.
7. Barbie was taken from the story: "The lab rat" by Musker, and used with the
author's permission.

Notes:

1. The way in which Justy was left was inspired by the stories: PARKER1 - DEAR
DIARY by Parker and: In Enemy Hands, part 3 by GW and the end of Housewives at
Play #8 by Rebecca.
2. Valkie's last outfit was inspired by the last few pictures in: Housewives at
Play #8 AND the 13th page of Housewives at Play #6.
3. The way in which Justy was kept at the trunk and the outfit of Kate were
inspired from the story: Out of the Frying Pan and into the Fire by Musker.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 12&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Anne's proposal for her first recruit, a different kind of cowgirl, a little
chat, Lisa's cowboys, Moesha's assurances, Mandy's decision and training after
seeing the surprise.&gt;

Author's Note: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading
if you are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy
and ALL of the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel
to any of the stories that I borrowed characters from, for example: Justy,
Granny and Valkie remained with their mistresses.

Part_12

It has been Seven AM when there was a knock on the door, and once Anne opened it
she saw her friend, Samantha Jordan, with her mother, Amanda, whose hair was
platinum Blonde and was dressed in a trenchcoat which and white button shirt
which was close all the way to her collared neck who was close in a posture
collar and that the poor woman appeared to be a little disheveled and her arms
weren't in the sleeves of the jacket.

Then after Samantha kissed Anne on her cheek and was in the house, she went to
her mother who stood there very quite and once she was close enough then she
removed her mother's coat before she opened the shirt, and then while Anne
looked at Amanda who was bound in a Japanese style and had her hands tied behind
(wrist to elbow), she listened to Samantha who said: "doesn't ma look great? It
almost kills me to let her go but then again: ma always used to boss me around
and drive me crazy... so if you are as good as you claim then I want her to be
trained as a: slut, striper, maid, slave, Ponygirl, puppygirl, cowgirl, lingerie
model, porn star, personal-assistant and if you can then I wish that she will be
dressed as a sex-doll like Tina and that she will be trained to be the perfect
LESBIAN sex slave... I had enough from her and her men so I want her to become a
lesbian and that at the end of the process she will submit herself to my will."

"That's fine by me, and since you are such a great friend then I will also train
her to become a winner." Anne said as she came closer to Amanda and attached a
leash to her collar.

"Say Anne, what you mean by: 'I will also train her to become a winner.' Anne?"
Samantha asked.

"You see Samantha, MOST of the: cowgirl, puppygirls and cowgirls... those who
became winners are mostly my girls... HOWEVER, whenever a close friend of: Ma,
Latifa, Lora or myself comes to me then I offer them this special offer..." then
Anne pointed at Milky who had two Black bands which held her short hair in two
short brands as well as a white: thong, opera gloves and stockings with Black
spots and a "tail" with black hairs.

Then after Samantha looked back at Anne, she added: "Milky here is one of the
examples to my success... you see, when I first bought her from her former
mistress she used to be naked all of the time and used as a cowgirl until she
arrived to me and turned into general-slave so now I can use her for more then
one thing... you know what, instead of trying to convince you with a useless
words why won't I give you the tour?" as she pressed at the end of the remote
which she held, and Amanda immediately dropped to her knees.

"What was that?" Samantha asked worried.

"The leash that I attached her may look normal, BUT it is not because whenever I
will push on that collar she will be shocked... you see Samantha: your mother's
ass belong to me and so from now until the end of her training and the pay for
my services will have to learn how to act and whenever she will be bed then she
will be punished, but don't get me wrong I'm going to have her trained... so do
you want that this will happen to your mom?" Anne asked with a sadistic smile.

"Yes, I do." Samantha said without thinking.

Then Anne gave Samantha a contract and said: "Then all you have to do is to sign
on the contract, now I have to warn you: if I will find that you went to the
police, or in case you won't be able to pay me then your mother will remain here
in the pound for three months in which you'll have to pay or else you will join
her as a colleague.", that was another attempt to stop Samantha but she was to
eager to sign and once she did then Anne untied the ropes and once she finished
and Amanda stood completely naked, Anne gave her pink thong with: "Anne's
property" written on it's front and after Amanda wore them, she felt how the
string at the back rode into her apple shaped ass and that was when Anne allowed
to wear her shirt without buttoning the buttons before she tied poor Amanda's
hands behind her back, and then after she placed a dildo in Amanda's ass and
Pussy before she led the two women out of the house.

The first place that they went to looked like an area for training horses, where
they saw a woman who was wearing a black thong and black knee high boots with
her hands tied behind her back while a rope was attached to one of the woman's
pierced nipple's while the other end was held by a white haired woman who
laughed as she whipped her.

Then they stopped and as they looked, Anne said: "look at her, Sam... once she
used to be a respectable principal at the local school until her trainer, Laurel
Phillips, became her former mistress but now after three weeks in which she went
through a strict trainings and diet she became a champion in all 7 continents
and as far as I know she is worth more then twenty billion dollars BUT she is
not for sale because she is one of the girls who provide me with extra cash...
you see, once the slave is under my wing then she signs on a contract which
gives me power of attorney over the her assets so that I'll be in full control
over the slut... once she sign then whatever the slut owns is used for her
training and that includes your mother's assets and money as she gave her rights
to me... you know, now when I'm looking at her I think that if you want her as a
cowgirl then we'll have to get her bigger breasts, something like a "FF" cup,
believe me Sam: that's the best thing for your slave, don't you think?"

"Yes, you are right Anne. Wait a minute, I recognize her... that's Rosemary
Harrison." Samantha said as she slapped her helpless mother's teat.

"Yes she is... in a week the miserable woman will return back to school after
her courses on: "how to be a better principal" but in reality once she will
return to school, being a principal will never be part of her calendar and while
her name will be on the paper, the one who will make the decisions by the power
of attorney will be: Laurel Phillips, while the actual principal will be most of
the time here practicing." Anne said as she began to walk with Amanda following
her without any need of being shocked.

The next place which Anne led them to was the stables in which Anne kept her
ponygirls until suddenly on the way a strange looking girl came to Anne and then
they saw that it was actually a boy dressed in a pink thong and a skirt which
was: Microscopic waistlines; puffy, billowing petticoats that lifted the hemline
of the skirt that wouldn't even reach the middle of his thighs which was made
of; lacey, satin frocks; small, cute aprons; large, and on his head was a stiff
bows; soft with gentle ribbons.

Other then that he had a little teddy and then he gave Anne a note, and while he
read they could see that on his apron had: "I love to be punished by women."
printed on the skirt and then Anne said: "Samantha I want you to meet Sue... Sue
here belongs to my mother and she used to be the son of that pig who was one of
the people who cost me my license but no one will see none of mom's slaves but
you will never meet them, only the my new recruit will see them."

"What do you mean by: "New recruit", Anne?" Samantha asked surprised.

"Well Samantha, you are not the only one who has control over Amanda... sorry:
Mandy, you see once you brought that bimbo over here then the both of you
belongs to me because the camera taped you selling her to me and through her
training I'll get lots of: pictures and movies of your mother turning from:
Amanda Jordan, a judge and a mother to Mandy: a slave who won't be able to even
think without her mistress... who ever she is, now Mandy: if anyone touch you
without my permission then feel free to hurt her or him." Anne informed Samantha
who looked at her mother and for the first time over the last decade since she
became her daughter's slave that her mother had a gigantic smile on her face as
she knew that her daughter was finely screwed as she prayed in her enslaved
heart that her mistress won't be able to pay as she realized that Samantha
wanted to keep her as her slave for a very long time as she followed Anne (and
that was her last chance to see her tormentor being treated like she was) then
Samantha said: "Anne, I have to go now so I'll meet you two when her training
will be over." before she ran to her car.

"Well, I never knew that Samantha could run like that, and you?" Anne asked.

"Like no mistress Anne, I kinda thought that a smart goddess like her doesn't
run." Mandy answered.

"What?" Anne asked as she didn't understand anything.

"Like no mistress Anne, I kinda thought that a smart goddess like her doesn't
run." Mandy repeated what she said with fear.

"TALK NORMAL!" Anne ordered.

"I said that I didn't know that, mistress Anne." Mandy answered.

"Then why you didn't say that?" Anne asked.

"Mistress Samantha conditioned me to look and to act like a dumb slut... she
cost me my life mistress Anne, and I don't have any choice but to obey her and
to do what she wants me to." Mandy answered as a tear rolled down her cheek.

"Say Mandy, why won't we return to the tour?" Anne asked as she removed the
leash from the collar and put her hand on Mandy's shoulder before she added:
"I'm not going to let Samantha to get you... you see, you are made from the
stuff that 90% of my slaves are maid of and as such I'm going to train you to be
MY general-slave so that I will be able to use you as Sam's babysitter when she
will join you and I have a proposal for you: if you will agree to sign on a
contract that will submit your life to my will then in exchange I will let you
to become the mistress of your daughter BUT no matter what you will remain
submissive and loyal to me, do you agree?"

"Yes mistress, I will do whatever you will want me to for that." Mandy said with
excitement.

"Well then, let's continue with the tour... I have a surprise to you." Anne said
as the two women continued their tour.

Meanwhile in another part of the ranch, Mitzi and Lisa went side by side as they
held hands and looked at the cowgirls (or more exactly cowsissies) which
basically were men who were injected me with cattle hormones.

The needles went into their bum (not their nipples or anything crazed like that)
and the vets who injected them were a bit nervous about it, so they basically
reduced the dosage to correspond to the men's bodyweight, versus cows. Then they
cut that in half, and that's the dosage they gave them. 

The poor men received an injection every three or four days until they had a
pair of breasts and they started to give milk, and then a few more injections
until they thought that the men were giving enough milk, and then they tapered
it off slowly for a couple of weeks. The whole thing took about a month, and
Lisa finely was able extract her revenge as she bought back the "women" that she
traded and to humiliate the men who were forced to have these names and the men
from her past which.

"Tell me Lora, how many gallons of Milk those cows can give?" Lisa asked.

"I don't know, why?" Mitzi asked.

"I talked with Anne, and it seems to me that her cows bring ten times more then
ours... do you think that we should give them bigger sizes to get more milk?"
Anne asked worried.

"Yes, I believe that we need to do that and I thought about "FF" size cup or
HIGHER." Mitzi replied.

"Lora, I can't carry "EE" cup and you have problems with "FF" cup then please
explain to me this: how a man who never had breast like us (AND if he did they
were smaller) can manage to carry it?" Lisa said trying to trick Mitzi.

"First of all we are not talking about you, but just so that it will be clear:
you have "DD" cup, I have "EE" cup and LATIFA is the one with the "FF" cup, now
if Latifa can move around like a cat with those mountains on her then it won't
be to bad that the men in our life will have the same and especially those who
hurt and humiliated you." Mitzi said.

"You have no shame, are you?" Lisa asked.

"Not since I met Anne, as far as it is hard for me to say: she is my
inspiration." Mitzi replied as she slowly took her free hand and slipped it
under her dress and began to pant after a few seconds.

* * * * * * * *
It's been an entire hour since Samantha left her mother, Mandy, with Anne who
removed her neck corset and in that long hour Mandy did her best to satisfy her
new mistress as she hoped that her daughter won't be able to pay for the
treatment that she was about to receive from Anne who seemed to like her job to
much as she walked behind Anne and as she looked around, Mandy saw a female
security guards in short skirts or pants with brown shirts and ties who was each
leading an helpless girl who was conditioned physically and mentally to become a 
puppy-girl and she remembered how she used to deal with those creeps but now as
a slave she hoped not to meet them because they looked at her as if she was
nothing but a piece of meat.

Then Mandy saw a cart which was pulled by a blonde ponygirl stopping next to
them, she saw that the ponygirl was dressed in: knee high boots, a diaper, black
leather harness and a headgear which was attached to the harness and had a
horse's bit in her mouth.

Once the cart stopped, Mandy saw that it was full with rocks and then while Anne
helped the black woman out of the cart and put her hand inside the panties of
the woman ho looked like a Barbie doll with her: 19" waist, "H" cup breasts and
that her right tit, just above her areola was tattooed with the word: "Whore",
while the left one said: "Slut", another tattoo in the middle of her belly,
between the bottoms of her tits and her navel said: "I'm a Barbie Fuck Toy"
while a scar decorated her right as cheek like that girl, Baby had and that the
black woman wore garments which were nearly transparent and a size or so, too
small for her voluptuous, which included: a scarlet brassiere, matching garter
belt, a pair of white lace bikini panties with a red heart in the center and
white boots.


Then after the initial shock was over, Anne said as she took her hand of the
panties and allowed Moesha to suck it: "now Mandy, I want you to meet Moesha
Doll... Moesha here is not a part of what we are doing her because I bought her
and someone else had the fun of changing her, BUT she is a prototype of how you
and Samantha will look at the end of the process, any questions so far?"

"No mistress." Mandy answered, as she saw how much Moesha loved to suck Anne's
finger.

"You see Mandy: in her former life, Moesha here was free woman and she had her
entire life ahead of her until the end of her first year in college when she was
captured by a gang of bikers who turned her into their "sex freak" and gave her
this body... now because Moesha was conditioned to serve men only then I had to
re-educate her (until sucking my finger was the closest thing for the life that
she knew) and now after she is free of men, we had a little discussion in which
Moesha here pledged her loyalty to me like five of her colleagues and saw she
became a trainer to a ponygirl that you know very well, do you know who is
that?" Anne teased Mandy who looked at the Blonde woman who was dressed in a
strapped harness and the horse-bit in her mouth.

"No, that is impossible..." Mandy began to say.

"Who is she Mandy?" Anne asked again.

"Ulrica Wodden, mistress." Mandy replied with fear in her voice.

"That's correct: Ulrica Wodden, who has you are well aware of became my slave
under a resolution of the court and as such, Ulrica here must work to keep her
new life because if she will fail then she will go to jail and so the only thing
that she is wanted for is to give her a copy of the resolution which names me as
her owner and mistress... However, when I got her I signed on a sharing contract
with her former mistress who will remain out of the picture and according to
that contract: Ulrica will spend Friday and Saturdays with her former mistress
and in the rest of the time she'll work here by being my chauffer and while not
doing saw then she must help with the farm by being a filed ponygirl (not like
you), any questions Mandy?" Anne asked smiling.

"Yes mistress: what is a filed ponygirl? And what I will be?" Mandy asked with a
fear.

"A filed ponygirl Mandy is a ponygirl like what Ulrica became there are three
kinds of ponygirls:

A filed ponygirl - that ponygirl is like what Ulrica became and she is
considered as a working-horse, just like at the farm.
A racing ponygirl - this kind of ponygirls is made to pulled carts on the tracks
in a team or single competitions and if she wins silver or gold then it's
ILLIGAL to hurt her because she is on the status of: pedigree, and if anyone
will hurt her then she will loose that title and the privileges that this title
gives her and her owner.
A show ponygirl - that ponygirl is dressed not racing or working but she is made
to look pretty and to win rewards for her grace and attitude.

Now as far as your question: I'm going to train you two kinds: racing ponygirl
and a show ponygirl and once we'll finish I'm going to start signing you to take
part in as many races as I will be able to AND you will WIN each and every one
of them... trust me Mandy, none of the ponygirls that I bought came after the
second place and 90% of them arrived to the first place so you will never be
abused again after all said and done AND you will repay me by being as tough as
you can when you will become your daughter's mistress, Any questions?" Anne
asked and just as she finished, Mandy came closer to her and gave her a kiss on
her right cheek.

"No mistress, but if my hands were free then I would show you a few amazing
things that I can do and that Samantha doesn't have a clue about them." Mandy
said with a smile.

"Maybe later... now Moesha, return to work and don't forget that we have a
meeting tonight in which you will turn into a mistress yourself." Anne reminded
Moesha.

"Thank you, Mistress Anne." Moesha said as she returned to the cart, and then
once in the car she whipped Valkie and as they returned to work a tear rolled
down over Moesha's face as she feared what she will turn into.

"I guess that you are wondering how Moesha can be a mistress, right Mandy?" Anne
asked as she pushed Mandy so that they will return to the tour.

"Yes mistress." Mandy replied.

"Well, I am the main mistress BUT I decided that since I can't do anything by
myself then I will share SOME of my power with a few slaves who proved that they
are wordy of my trust, and Moesha is one of them as she was able to tame
Ulrica... you see Mandy, those that I'm turning into mistresses MUST have a
resentment in them so that they will be able to do whatever needed in order of
getting results and with what Moesha went through, I see only good things in her
future as a "mistress" and so I'm going to change her status tonight." Anne
explained to Mandy who wanted to be in Moesha's shoes and to have her bratty
daughter as her "slave" so that she will be able to teach that brat a lesson
after the decade of humiliation and torture that she was put through.

Meanwhile in another part of the ranch, Lisa stopped infront of one of her cows
who had his face covered with cloth-pins and said: "you know, I really enjoy to
see you like that... now I'll ask you once again: was it smart to conspire
against and destroy the life of my cute and innocent daughter who never did
anything to you or to your family?"

"I will tell you this one more time: I'm a reporter and that was my job... I
never had anything against your "cute and innocent daughter" but the fact is
that she was responsible BUT the fact his that she was responsible for the
abduction of: Lora-will two years ago in which you were shot... and as I told
you before: I am not to blame that your daughter was stupid enough that she
allowed someone to talk about it, tell me what you have against free
journalism?" The cow asked.

"Lisa doesn't have anything against "free journalism", she even thinks (not like
Anne) that the government needs to let you do your job and even help you...
However, Both: Lisa, Anne and I think that when a journalist uses his or her
power to destroy someone without hearing their side of the story should loose
their license." Mitzi said as she came and stood next to Lisa, dressed like
Moesha.

"Tell me, Rachel..." The cow tried to say but he was stopped by Lisa who asked:
"How do you know my FORMER name?" shocked.

"I was your first client, tell me: do you..." the cow tried to say but he was
stopped by a hard smack on his face.

"Lora, can you do me a favor?" Lisa asked Mitzi who smiled her sadistic smile as
she knew what Lisa wanted.

"What?" Mitzi asked, pretending to be not that bright.

"Well there are three things that I wish to ask you:

In the future, just in case I will loose my mind, remind me to leave him as he
is... a man with a pair of teats.
Turn his breast in a "MMM" cup and don't stop milking him.
Torture him as only you can... or in other words: when you are in the same room
with him don't think like Lora (who I love almost as much as I love Anne), BUT
think as my little Mitzi.

Do you agree?" Anne asked as she hugged Mitzi.

"You bet." Mitzi answered and Lisa could see how her wheels began to work and
she loved it.

Then after a few seconds, Mitzi began to work while Lisa set on a rocking chair
before she slipped her hand into her dress and began to finger herself and to
moan while she saw how Mitzi returned to her old, notorious self.

* * * * * * * *
It's been for hours since Anne took Mandy to a tour, and now they got to the
last station after Mandy spent most of the time as she serviced Anne and as a
part of her examination tests and now they were about to get into the building
when Mandy said: "Mistress Anne, it seems that Mistress Moesha wants to talk
with you." as she pointed to where Moesha stood.

"Well, I will talk to her while you will go into that building... now remember
your training will begin as a ponygirl so if someone ask then give him the note
that I gave you earlier." Anne said as she motioned Moesha to come closer to her
and Mandy entered the building.

Then after a few seconds when Moesha stood infront of Anne, she said: "Mistress
Anne, may I have a word with you?"

"Yes Moesha, come and sit with me." Anne said as she led Moesha to a bench.

Then once they set Anne said: "What is it, Moesha?"

"I'm afraid mistress... you see until now (as you know) I was a slave without
any rights or authority and if I can be honest with you: I'm a submissive and
that's not a mistress material, other then that I feel really bad about doing it
because I was as I said: I was a slave and I didn't like to see one of the gang
members or you coming to me in order of bossing me around... that always made me
sick, please don't get me wrong mistress: I love to be with you as your slave
because you are not doing to me what the gang did and you can't be that bad to
me but I still see you as a threat... please forgive me mistress but I just
can't do it." Moesha said terrified from Anne's reaction as a tear rolled down
her cheek.

"May I tell you a story on the subject of: "How I became a mistress?", Moesha?"
Anne asked as she put her hand on Moesha's shoulder and tried to calm her down.

"Yes mistress." Moesha said as she began to enjoy Anne's touch.

"You see Moesha: It all started when Ma or as she was once known: Rachel Smith
who was a very religious woman who most people will call a nerd (as she used to
wear thick eyeglasses and had her hair then was as black as a crow and was in
ponytails, long black dresses with white shirts with bottoms, on her legs she
always had socks and shoes) arrived to college with her Only friend, Lora
Thompson, who was a pledge at some sorority  convinced her to join her sorority
like she was ordered by her "big sister" (Elizabeth Montgomery who is now known
as Mona) but Lisa was about to become a Lesbian sex-slave for a few months
before she dropped out of school to be forced into becoming a strait slut.

You see Moesha: she was in this "profession" for five years until she was
kidnapped into becoming once again a sex-slave, but this time for a couple who
used to torture her until she was free when she gave birth to her daughter who
she called: Anna which means please in Hebrew (that's me!) but the girl legally
changed her and her mother's name: to Anne and Lisa Smith so that their pest
will be forgotten by all but then a few years later Lisa couldn't do her new job
as a maid anymore, and so she was declared insane and her daughter was forced to
become her own mother's legal Guardian.

You see at that time I didn't had a clue on how to proceed until this Lawyer,
Geri Phillips, came to me, and then after she introduced herself she led us
(mother and me) to her car where we saw a blond women who wore: red sunglasses,
red g-string abbreviated matching red vest without buttons, red chauffer's cap
was standing next to with her head bow down and her hair was free... Any
questions so far?" Anne asked after a long introduction.

"Yes mistress, how this connect to me?" Moesha asked.

"Simple Moesha, in a way you are just like my mother: the both of you became
sex-slaves at the same age, you both very submissive and the lives of the both
of you were destroyed, the only difference that I see in the both of you is that
you started as a straight sex-slave and became a lesbian while she went from:
straight to Lesbian to bisexual to Lesbian... any questions?" Anne asked after
she finished as she began to rub the upper side of Moesha's right tit for a
while until she saw that Moesha was relaxed.

"I'm sorry mistress, but I still don't see the connection." Moesha answered as
she tried to be as calm as she could.

"Ma, was never a dominant person to be a mistress and she never thought that she
will be able to perform well as a mistress until six years ago when we met: Geri
and her "roommates" who trained us and taught us everything that we needed to
know... now in your case: I will take Geri's role as I'll train you slowly on
how to be a food mistress BUT you will remain subservient to me and as an added
bonus I will offer you this deal: I will not rush you to become a mistress as I
know that this is the most difficult thing for you but I want you to take under
a consideration that if you will agree to become a mistress then, read my lips:
you will get to spend more time with Monique but then there will be one
condition which is that Monique's "pussy" will remain on her for all the time,
any questions?" Anne asked as she saw Moesha smiling from the moment that she
mentioned Monique who disappeared with Mona since they moved to the ranch.

"I have only one question mistress: what will be my status as a mistress?"
Moesha asked, still smiling.

"Well, since the operation that I went through I became very weak and saw I
decided to give slaves who were loyal to me SOME of my power and authority...
those slaves will become my assistants and they will even though they will
remain slaves, they will be able to decide when someone will be punished BUT I
will be the one who will give the last permission." Anne explained to Moesha,
whose smile only got bigger as she heard Anne talking.

"Other then that Moesha, as a mistress you will be able to make other women to
do what you want them to... and the best part is that as a mistress you will be
able to talk with Mona in order of reaching for an agreement that will allow you
to have some time with Monique, Moesha you must come to an agreement on that
subject because the both of you want to have: Monique and so the both of you
will have to compromise... on my part I promise you to come with the best
solution for that problem and all you will have to do is to discuss the terms
and to negotiate until the both of you will be pleased, BUT once I'll give you
my solution I won't interfere in the process (unless you won't be able to reach
for an agreement), and once you will get it then I promise to help you to make
sure that BOTH sides will live up to that agreement, any questions?" Anne asked
Moesha who looked very excited.

Suddenly, Moesha grabbed her head and gave her a kiss on the lips before she
said: "and what will be if after we will reach to that agreement, Mona will say:
"Moesha is a slave and I'm free so why do I need to keep the agreement?" and she
will try to get out of the agreement?"

"First of all: Mona and Monique belong to me (just like you), and so NO one will
get away from that agreement as far as I concern... you don't need to worry your
lovely head about it Moesha, because Mona will NEVER do something to disturb my
happiness, any other questions Moesha?" Anne asked as she saw how Moesha was now
calm and stopped to shiver from fear.

"No mistress Anne." Moesha said.

"Well then, I hope that you will be able to get into your new role in life as
soon as possible and I promise to help you to adjust to your new life... now if
you will excuse me: Mandy is waiting to me so why won't you go back to work?"
Anne asked as she stood up.

"Yes mistress." Moesha replied as she stood up.

"One last thing: whenever your boobs are fool then I want to see you being
milked so that it will be easier for you to focus." Anne informed Moesha as she
turned and went into the building while Moesha returned to Valkie, then after a
few minutes in which Anne looked for Mandy she found her looking at some room.

When Anne arrived to where Mandy stood and looked at the window, she saw poor
granny barefoot as she was standing in the last things that she wore when she
was turned into a slave which were: blue sweater and sky blue panties which as
always were tangled around her knees next to a short chubby redhead and a Blonde
maid who was under the table and licked the redhead's pussy, while the later
lectured the old woman who faced the wall with her hands over her head which was
bow down.

Then after a few minutes in which they watched the humiliation, Anne said:
"Mandy, you found granny... I began to wonder where she is and now I know: she
is here with her daughter (that's the blonde under the table) and her former
mistress, doesn't she look great? Her sister told me that she was on a diet but
I had NO idea."

"Yes mistress." Mandy said shocked from what she saw.

"From your reaction it seem to me that I forgot to mention that: this place is
the re-education center in which we train the women who come over here to become
something else... you see we have here facilities in which: judges, executives,
secretaries, college coeds, lawyers, feminist activates and in general, your
basic high caliber rolemodels of today's women are being transformed into every
fetish known to both men and women starting from a serving girls like maids and
waitresses to ponygirls and puppygirls.

Each: girl, teenager or a woman who come here by a client is being re-educated
to match the client's dream (no matter how weird it is), while I have one girl
who belongs to me who I am using as a lab-rats to test new kind of ways in:
mind-control and behavior modification, while the other part of my slaves are
being changed to feet my fantasies... However, there are a few women who I see
as a threat me and so they suffer the most sever body and mind modifications in
order of giving me a way to control them and so they are put to a longer process
in which some of them will turn into the walking stereotype." Anne began to
explain as she grabbed Mandy's hand and led her to a room in which she saw a
blonde woman standing there who looked just like Moesha did with the acceptation
that the hair of this girl was a flowing French-curls, and on her face she had a
slutty makeup which included: heavy Blue eyeshadow, Egyptian eyeliner, bright
spots of blush on her cheeks, pink lips and a face which was as white as ghost
from the powder.

Other then that, the Blonde woman was dressed in a pair of gray hose with red
garters which went all the way down her legs until it reached to a pair of
impossibly uncomfortable 7" skyscraper heels, white skintight crop top and a
black Lycra very mini skirt which was so tight that whenever the woman bent,
then anyone who stood from behind her received a good look at the two tattoos
that the whore wore on her ass cheeks, with one said: "Bunny" the other said:
"naughty slut" and that was when Anne said: "Mandy, I'd like you to meet the
latest addition to the ranch: Ditsy."

"Hey Mandy, like my name is: bunny because I kinda like to have sex and stuff."
Ditsy introduced herself.

"You see Mandy: Ditsy used to be a lawyer named: Susan M. Peterson, for some
feminist group and she was one of those who were responsible for me loosing my
license to practice law (which can't be restored) and saw I had something VERY
special for her... you see, when Ditsy arrived here she: used to dress in a very
conservative way, had a "B" cup and her IQ was between 110-130 BUT now since she
arrived here and received her treatment then she turned into that slut, and her
IQ is now stand on: 20 points with illiteracy... now her husband (who was the
reporter who published the story), is now under mom's domination and now after a
very long process his wife belongs to me, and just so you'll know: Samantha will
become just like her because I know that she was the one who told it... so you
see Mandy: All you are is an already broken slave to be used by your mistress or
in another words: BY ME." Anne informed Mandy with a sadistic smile.

"Like Ms. Anne, ditsy was kinda wondering like what would happen to like ditsy
(giggle) and stuff?" Ditsy asked.

"Well ditsy, because you were the one who destroyed me as a lawyer then I
decided to have a few more changes with you: the first change is that I will
make your voice higher, the second is that I'll have your talking abilities
changed so that you'll sound as if you have something in your mouth permanently,
and the last thing is that I'll make you hornier on such a high levels that when
I'll unleash the new you as a part of my escort service: you will be part of my
new income... I'm going to turn you into a bisexual slut like the rest of your
group and the irony in the story is that once you used to fight against women
being used as whores and selling their bodies while NOW you are one of them,
isn't that great?" Anne asked ditsy who did not understand one word of what Anne
said (accept for bimbo) but who shook her head: yes and that was when a couple
of guards came and took her from the room while Mandy discretely smiled as she
liked her daughter's future and that was when she decided as she thought to
herself: 'I will never be free again, my life as turned from good to bad, to
worst so maybe it is time for me to give up and surrender... let's deal with it
Amanda: no one will save you so as far as I see it you have two options that you
MUST choose from and NOW:

Accepting Mistress Anne's offer and betray everything that you used to care for.
Not accepting Mistress Anne's offer and returning to your bratty daughter.

Now that is the hardest decision that you ever had to do, and mistress Anne
wants answer NOW so I think that I'll go with option one and hope that Mistress
Anne won't be cruel like my daughter.', then just as she reached a decision she
heard Anne saying: "I'm sorry Mandy, but your time is up and I need your answer,
so what will it be? Are you going to submit yourself to my will and turn into
Samantha's mistress, or perhaps you would like to remain as you are?"

"I choose to submit myself into your will, Mistress Anne." Mandy said as she
looked directly into Anne's deep Blue eyes.

"Why you decided that?" Anne asked Mandy.

"You see Mistress Anne; ever since Samantha was a little girl I did my best as a
single mother to raise her right... I know that I was not home for a very long
periods BUT she never missed on anything as I used to work on three jobs to
support her as best as I only could until she was 16 (one decade ago) and I was
appointed to be a judge." Mandy began to explain.

"As far as I remember from what I read about you, you were a great judge until
today." Anne complimented Mandy.

"Thank you mistress, but then one day my daughter came to me with a pictures of
me naked with one of her friends and I can explain what happened, you see
mistress: at Samantha's 16th birthday I planned the best party that I could for
her and a few of her friends, for six days I labored to get everything ready for
her and I was so proud when everything was ready but someone drugged me, and it
seems that I had sex with each of Samantha's friends... so here I was with those
pictures and a threat." Mandy said.

"And then, a decade later your daughter brought you to someone who offered you a
deal and that was when you thought to yourself: "no one cares about my ass so
why won't I take her offer and get my revenge?", right?" Anne asked with a worm
smile.

"Yes mistress, I'm sorry that I took advantage of your offer." Mandy answered
still looking into Anne's eyes.

"Don't be, I think that I'll add another class to your program IF you will sign
on that contract which gives me full control over your assets and also a power
of attorney over your bank account (which about to have hundreds of dollars
running into at the near future), and just so you'll know: that class will teach
you how to use the power that I'll give you once Samantha will be ready." Anne
said as she gave Mandy a paper which Mandy signed without even reading it and
Anne saw that Mandy trusted her so much that she decided to cancel the last
paragraph which said that Mandy doesn't want her rights anymore which meant in
other words that Anne actually agreed to treat Mandy like a employee BUT Anne
was immune against law sues by Mandy who was Anne's property and she just loved
it even though she had to resign from her beloved courtroom as she took her new
role in life VERY seriously until she even offered Anne to become her lawyer and
to work for free in a tiny office at the ranch primacies.

"Mistress, may I ask you something?" Mandy asked.

"Yes Mandy: what?" Anne asked.

"What are you going to do with me?" Mandy asked.

"I'm going to make you into a: slut, striper, maid, slave, the two kinds of
Ponygirl that I told you about, puppygirl, cowgirl, lingerie model, porn star,
personal-assistant... other then that you will read new materials like my one of
my dolls: Barbie, who works her ass to my advantage as she is now at a
laboratory taking part in another mind modification experiment made by our main
researcher, Professor Brigs (and if you will be good then later I'll show you a
few of her movies) who informed me that with the help of Barbie, she is about to
fine a way to keep Barbie's state of mind as my slave and to reinforce my
control over the slut... However, not like that dumb bimbo you will be able to
think for yourself as you will be able to make your own decisions, now how about
we will dress you and start your training?" Anne asked after she finished
informing Mandy who grabbed her mistress and gave her a long, wet kiss on her
lips.

Then after Mandy broke her hold over Anne's lips, Anne said: "okay, I'll take it
as a yes... so follow me!" Anne ordered Mandy who followed Anne to another room
where Anne released Mandy's hands, and then without being told the former judge
stripped until she was naked and then she tried to tease Anne BUT her mistress
stopped her as she gave her a Black thong which not like her pink thong was
reduced in the front until it only reached the tips of her pussy.

Then Anne gave Mandy a corset which went from the tip of her panties until the
bottoms of her tits, and after she put it on and Anne finished pulling the ropes
tight enough: Mandy's breasts were pulled up and her waist shrank while her ass
became rounder, when Anne finished it was time for the harness which left her
breasts bare and then Anne stopped for a few minutes in which she played with
Mandy's breasts as she said: "you are such a beautiful woman, Mandy and I'm sure
that you will be the best ponygirl that I ever had the pleasure of training and
so I hope that I won't have to punish you." before she began to close all of the
straps and once she finished Anne rubbed Mandy's hair and kissed her.

Once Anne finished, she took the posture collar out of her purse and placed it
on Mandy's neck and then when she finished, Anne placed a leather set of straps
over Mandy's head (after they teased her hair into a ponytail) and then after
Anne finished to close all of the straps: she attached a strap which went from
the headgear to the collar before she attached a mask to Mandy's headgear which
had two sets of holes in them and was used as a gag, and so for the next few
minutes Anne worked on the mask until she finished.

Then after Anne finished then she attached two other straps which went from the
headgear to the rings at the harness and then she led her to a chair where Mandy
was set and then Anne placed two pairs of knee high boots over Mandy's legs
which made her already long to longer and slimmer, then after Anne finished, she
helped Mandy to stand and then she put a pair of Opera gloves and a cuff for
each of Mandy's wrist and elbow before she cuffed Mandy's hands behind her back
by attaching her elbows to the upper ring in the harness while her wrists were
attached to the lower ring.

And so after her hard labor, Anne now stood infront of her willing ponygirl and
said: "Okay Mandy, we just finished the first phase in your pony training... now
since you were that nice then I'll do something nice to you: from now on
whenever you will be a ponygirl I will ask you yes and no questions, if the
answer is yes then I want you to lift your right leg across your left until it
will reach your thighs, understood?"

Then a few seconds after Anne finished her question, Mandy did as she was told
before Anne continued and said: "However, whenever the answer is: NO, I want you
to do the same with the other leg... now, can you speak?" and then Mandy lifted
her left leg before Anne who was pleased with her ponygirl (who was smarter then
the rest of the ponygirls), and so as a reward Anne informed her ponygirl while
she played with her nipples: "you are such a great girl, continue like that and
you will get Samantha's ass in a shorter time then what I thought about... now
I'm going to train you in walking and I'm going to use this whip for that order,
but don't worry: I promise to be gentle with you... by the way: would you like
to have your nipple pierced and to have a shiny new bell on each one?" Anne
asked and saw how Mandy lifted her right leg up and down as if she was possessed
by the wish to be pierced.

"And what do you think about having a tattoo? Maybe one on your ass that will be
a hart with the word "Mistress Anne" in it so that everyone will know how much
you love me?" Anne asked and just as she finished, Mandy gave her the same
reaction but now it was so violent that Anne feared that Mandy will hurt herself
if she will continue to ask her those question without any protection measures,
so she came up from behind her sweet ponygirl and gently pulled her to a wall
from which she attached a chain to the upper d-ring and then after she whipped
Mandy's hips, the ponygirl began to move.

For the next three minutes, Mandy walked faster and faster until finely her
mistress told her to stop and rest for a few minutes before Anne informed her:
"you did a marvelous job my lovely Mandy, I'm so proud to have such a smart
ponygirl to have and I wished that I could keep you like this but I promised you
that you'll be a 'mistress' so I decided that you'll be a mistress only when I
won't have what to do with you OR time for you, would you like that?" Anne asked
worried but she was surprised to see that Mandy her right leg up and down as if
she was possessed and that was when Anne finely realized that it doesn't matter
what she will offer Mandy because after what her own daughter did to her then
she will agree for every idea that Anne will come up with in order of remaining
there with Anne as her mistress.

The end of part 12.

1. Moesha and Monique came from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding night" by
Ted E. Bear and they are used with his permission.
2. Lynn (Baby) was created and owned by Rebecca, in books which are available
from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also housewivesatplay.net and also a few
of the ideas were inspired by her comics and it is used for MY personal use
ONLY.
3. Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.
4. Barbie and Dr. Brigs (professor Brigs) was taken from the story: "The lab
rat" by Musker, and used with the author's permission

I'd like to thank Ted E. Bear for the way to turn Moesha into a mistress, and
I'd like to thank sir. Jeff for allowing me to use a few of the pictures in his
site.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 13&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Moesha resting, Anne's orders to Mandy.&gt;

Author's Note: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading
if you are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy
and ALL of the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel
to any of the stories that I borrowed characters from, for example: Justy,
Granny and Valkie remained with their mistresses.

Part_13

It has been one week since Moesha became what Anne referred to as "mistress",
and she was now in Anne's living room dressed in her white panties and her red
collar as she read one of the comics books which her mistress collected and it
shocked her that Mistress Anne who was one of the most serious women that she
ever met could have own that kind of collection.

In her hands was one of the first issues of "Garfield" and she was extra careful
not to tare any of the yellow pages so that Anne won't be forced to punish her,
ever since Moesha became one of Anne's assistant she saw that the monster that
she used to consider are mistress was nothing and somehow Anne made Moesha to
feel close to her (especially after the little chat that they had), and she even
began to have feelings toward  Anne which she never felt before regarding her
former owners from the gang.

Then just as she finished the last comics in the volume, and returned it to
where she found it the main door opened and there were: Anne and Latifa arrived
Mandy who was dressed in: long black dress and white buttons shirt which covered
are ponygirl outfit (which now also had: main waist belt over her corset, a
crotch strap and a pony shoulder harness which came instead of her former
harness as a reward) just returned from yet another race in which Mandy arrived
for the first place, over the last week Mandy won so many races one after the
other that her mistresses decided to sign her as: "the Phenomena" and Mandy
never failed as she gave Anne 300% in everything that she did and in return Anne
promised her that she will remain with her BUT Mandy was sure that there was no
way that her dream will come true and she won't return to her daughter who she
feared and despised.

Once all free women were inside the house and closed the door, and then after
she gave Moesha the trophy to put in the trophy cabinet: Latifa went to train
poor Tina on how to be a ponygirl (so that she will have another use of her
rubber doll), while Anne took Mandy to her (Mandy's) room who was much better
then the kennel which Samantha forced her to live in out of the house no matter
how cold it was while Samantha got her own mother's bedroom.

Mandy's current room however was absolutely different because: Anne made sure
that Mandy's reward will be equal to her loyalty and her success so Anne
furnished the room and now Mandy had: TV, a bed for two with soft cousins and a
real blanket (not the rag that she used to cover herself until she became Anne's
ponygirl), clean sheets, a private bathroom with running water in the shower and
a toilette with soft paper at the side... to make it short: Mandy rose from the
dirt to what she considered after the decade of torment to be a mention and she
just loved Anne for putting her in this place.

Then when both women got into Mandy's room, Anne helped her precious ponygirl to
remove her outfit as she kept saying: "you are a very good girl, Mandy... yes
you are, I never saw someone as amazing and precious as you and to be honest I
don't think that I'll ever see a good girl such as you... IF you will keep
advancing in the competitions then I predict that you will be the first ponygirl
that I trained who will turn into a world class champion and then NO ONE will
dare to hurt you and the best part as far as you concern is that I'll have you
as my permanent ponygirl and you will never return to be your daughter's slave
ever again, isn't that great Mandy?"

"Yes mistress Anne, it is the best thing that could have happen to me and I love
it, you are the greatest mistress that I had until now and I hope that you will
remain my mistress but I have a problem." Mandy answered with fear in her eyes
after Anne finished removing her outfit.

"What problem?" Anne asked.

"It seems to me that ever since I came here: you and Latifa have separated and I
feel guilty because of that... you see mistress, a love like the one that you
and Latifa shared is something that special and I will despise myself if I will
be the reason for the destruction of you relationship which is very special."
Mandy answered as mistress.

"Well Mandy, you really don't need to worry about Latifa because when we first
began to date then we agreed that since the both of us are mistresses then we
will be together... and yes, we indeed were separated since you arrived but it
is only in the business, because once we are getting naked then the sex only get
better and better each day that you are here with me and serving as my award
winning ponygirl and puppygirl... so as long as you keeps me happy, then Latifa
is twice as happy because our sex is depend in my mood so Latifa loves it when I
spend time with my favorite ponygirl... and by the way Mandy, I want you to give
100% in the next races because you are quicker then anyone and whatever amount
that you are using is burning you, so as your mistress I'm not telling you to
use 100% but I'm ordering you to, understood?" Anne asked Mandy with an
extremely calm voice which shocked Mandy who was not used to that yet.

"Yes Mistress Anne." Mandy answered as Anne left the room and she fell on the
bed and fell into a very deep sleep and as she went to her room to take Milky
for a walk.

At the same time in another room, Lisa and Mitzi decided to have some fun with
the snotty reporter (who over the past few days was in a great deal of pain as:
cloth-pins decorated his entire face while a regular pins were stuck in his MMM
breasts as a punishment for the way that he treated Lisa 6 days ago) so they
caught one of his friends who was called: Jimbo-Rey (who stood there terrified
between those two women, naked) and decided that he will be the first man to
have sex with their cows and that he will start with: "Big-Berth" (the reporter)
but he didn't wanted anything to do with that so he began to beg until he finely
said: "no please, if you will let me go then I promise you that I'll give you
some gorgeous women."

"I'm listening." Lisa said as she crossed her hands from behind her back.

"You see Lisa I know about a few girls which Anne might want." Jimbo-Rey
answered and then after giving Lisa the addresses: Lisa went to give them to
Anne while he was forced to have sex with the "cowsissies".

Meanwhile at the yard not far from where Anne's house was: Latifa trained her
doll in pulling carts.

The end of Part 13.

1. Moesha and Monique came from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding night" by
Ted E. Bear and they are used with his permission.
2. Lynn (Baby) was created and owned by Rebecca, in books which are available
from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also housewivesatplay.net and also a few
of the ideas were inspired by her comics and it is used for MY personal use
ONLY.
3. Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.




From a mayor to a slave, part 14
By the outsider
&lt;Anne's new slaves, a meeting in the gym, Samantha joins her mother, Anne's
work, in the stables.&gt;

Author's Note: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading
if you are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy
and ALL of the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel
to any of the stories that I borrowed characters from, for example: Justy,
Granny and Valkie remained with their mistresses.

Part_14

It has been six months since Mandy became Anne's ponygirl and once again Anne
and Mandy who was dressed in: long black dress and white buttons shirt which
covered are ponygirl outfit (which now also had: main waist belt over her
corset, a crotch strap and a pony shoulder harness which came instead of her
former harness as a reward) just returned from yet another race in which Mandy
just won and became the world champion just like Anne promised her, but not like
always once they were at the ranch Anne led Mandy to her cart.

Once Mandy was in place, she waited there until her beloved mistress arrived to
the cart and then after she felt the reins Mandy pulled the ranch until they
arrived to the barn where Anne gave her beloved ponygirl a rest while she went
into the building and as she looked back, Anne saw Mandy kneeling.

Once inside, Anne saw a woman named "Bambi" who once used to be known as: Erin
Brecken, who used to be one of Geri's toughest competitors but then after she
disappeared then Geri's firm became #1 again, and here she was dressed in: a
dirty white t-shirt which said: "slave" and denim shorts to wear along with a
beat up pair of mules but no underwear.

Other then that, Anne saw that her once tiny bust increased into a: 36DDs and
that she had two tattoos the whore wore on her ass cheeks: One said: "Bambi" the
other: "PERKY TITS" and Anne couldn't wait to show her to Geri.

The next woman that Anne looked at was called: "it" who used to be once a very
successful business woman named: Blair-Smith but now she was dressed in what
looked like a batgirl "uniform" which was in the same colors of the team which
Moesha won her in a bet, and her outfit included: 4" heels with ankle straps, 
Blue stretch shorts that had a V cut in front that was a good three inches below
her belly button which were cut high in back so her cheeks would hang out (and
as she learned her Anne saw the tattoo which said in read: "I'm a cocksucking
slut"), Her top was a white cut-off tank top with spaghetti straps and Blair's
hair was a permed blonde with strawberry highlights and she didn't wore bra or
panties.

Next were two ponygirls: the first was a black ponygirl named "Raven" who was
dressed in white version of Mandy's pony outfit, while the other one was white
pony named: "Boobsie, the Pony Girl" who was dressed just like Mandy but since
she was more violent then as Anne looked at her hands (which were tied behind
her back and were kept in a leather fingerless glove) that she will train her to
be a show-pony and that she'll personally tame that pony and she was furious
that the pony's former master was such a useless trainer but she knew that Mitzi
bought her so there was no need to be afraid.

Next to "Boobsie, the Pony Girl", Anne saw three helpless women who seemed to be
the pony's friends and she decided to check them up.

The first one was a blond girl named Cynthia, who was dressed as a catholic
schoolgirl which included: white blouse, Blue Jacket, pleated plaid skirt, laced
thong, navy blue kneesocks, black penny loafers Blue vest and pink ribbons which
held their blonde hair in pigtails, other then that Anne saw that the helpless
Blonde had a suitcase so she ordered her to open it and there were all kind of
outfits and "accessories" to be used on the helpless, sobbing girl.

Next was a petite redhead who was dressed in an outfit which included: 7"
leather boots with a small chain running between them and connected to the slave
bracelets on them, Black fishnet stockings with a matching garter belt attached
to them, strap harness with a zipper in her crouch and pussy and that also had
rings which held the skimpy outfit on her, red collar with four rings which said
that her name was: "slave M", Black hood with a zipper that her hair was pulled
through it, a pair of leather gloves and slave bracelets on her wrists which
were tied around her wrists and locked with a golden lock which said: "I'm the
property of mistress Anne" on each.

Next was a woman who was a brown haired woman who was called: Patrice, who was
dressed in a pair of tight cut-offs, at least one size too small, a greasy
tee-shirt that had been in use as a rag for some time, and an old pair of
runners on her feet. Around the girl's neck was a black, leather dog collar with
shiny metal studs and that she had a slender chain attached to a D-ring on the
side (which was used it to control the girl) other then that  Patrice's hands
were free, but they stayed at her side and her face glowed red where it had been
struck not to long ago by Mitzi who bought her from a gang of biker in which she
used to be their sex-slave like Moesha and their mechanic, and she kept her eyes
submissively downward as she saw that her mistress looked at her.

Then Anne grabbed the chains of: Patrice and "slave M" and once she tagged them,
both slaves went behind their new owner and it was very clear to Anne that both
slaves were taught some obedience in their former lives since they left college
and turned into a pair of obedient and broken willed slaves.

Then as she looked at the slaves, Anne said: "Okay my name is Anne "the bustard"
Smith and I will be your owner and sole mistress from today, if you will be nice
and do as you are told then I promise that you won't suffer... now all of you
arrived here in order of doing as you are told and so I have a few announcements
concerning your duties as my slaves:

1. Bambi, you used to be one of the greatest lawyers, but because of you I
almost lost my job more then once as you used to deceive clients about my boss
and take them away, so I decided to turn you into a dumb bimbo, that means that
your IQ will drop so low that it'll reach 10 points of IQ with complete
illiteracy to keep you here without the possibility of escaping (and so that it
will match your body and new role in life as a dumb bimbo), so once I'll say
then you'll go with Jasmine.
2. "It", you'll come with me... now I decided that you will become the
cheerleader and the water-girl of my pony team, and when you won't be to busy by
serving Mandy (who is the most important ponygirl around) then you'll serve as
my maid and your uniform will include: only a pair of gray hose with red
garters, impossibly uncomfortable skyscraper heels, a tiny white maid's apron,
that didn't quite reach the juncture of her shapely thighs, and a silly looking,
maid's cap and I promise you that if you'll be good then you'll get the surprise
of your life.
3. "Raven", you are the African champion as a show-ponygirl, the European
champion as a racing-ponygirl and the Asian champion as a field ponygirl so you
will be a general-ponygirl which means that you will ONLY serve as a ponygirl so
you'll go with Jennie who will take you to your stable and train you.
4. "Boobsie", I'm going to train you personally to become my pony-show but
you'll go with: Jenny here who will put you in Mandy's former stable until I'll
have the time to train you.
5. Cynthia, you will come with me to my room where you will turn into the
replacement of my dolls as you will be conditioned to be my own Barbie doll as
your IQ will drop to 70 or less points helplessly see how your breasts will go
from a "C" cup to a "DD", your waist will be corseted down from it's thick 28
inch, to a hour glass tiny 18, and your hips will flare to a sexy curvy 38
inches.
6. "Slave M", you are about to become my personal slave after a few tiny
modifications in your outfit and attitude but for now you'll go with Laurie who
will train you.
7. Patrice, you will be my general slave, and that means that I will be able to
assign you to do whatever it is that I'll need... but for now you will go with
Samantha here who knows exactly what to do.

Now just so you'll know: NONE of you have any rights anymore, understood?" Anne
asked once she finished and ALL the slaves shock their heads: yes, and then just
as Anne was about to leave the building with "It" and Cynthia, Latifa came into
the room holding a sex balloon which looked very real (and very used) as it had
red hair, Red lips, shiny skin and it wore: pink gloves, boots and mask (which
covered her eyes only) and as Anne looked better she saw that the doll's "Pussy"
was sewed up and had a chain which was attached to a little waist by a .

Then as Anne touched the balloons areola she heard a soft moan which sounded to
her as a mix of frustration and pleasure so she looked at Latifa who told her:
"Anne, this is one of a kind model... you see a friend of mine bought that
balloon and had lots of fun with it, and he told me that according to the guy at
the store that he bought it from: that balloon is one of a kind."

"Why you bought it for me, Latifa?" Anne asked surprise.

"From three reasons:

1. I felt guilty that I am the only one who has a sex-doll.
2. You always told me that you wanted to be a cloths designer, so I bought you
this mannequin so that you'll be used.
3. You were such a great person when we first met, and this is the way that I
wanted to thank you for EVERYTHING that you did for me.
4. When we will have sex, you will be able to dress her in a way that will make
you hornier.

Other then that, today is your birthday and tomorrow will be the day in which we
met so I bought you this balloon." Latifa answered with a smile.

"And your present is right under your pillow." Anne said as she motioned to a
few of the guards who stood there and they took the new slaves to where they
needed to be while Anne took "It" and Cynthia to the cart and then after she
tied the helpless women to the back, she got into the cart and then she
mentioned to Mandy who rose before the ponygirl began to run with the helpless
slaves from behind.

Meanwhile in the ranch's gym, Professor Brigs just had Barbie as she ran on the
treadmill naked as she had a vibrator working in her ass and pussy while once
again she was used as a lab-rat for another drug which was supposed to change
her body and the results were very pleasing as Barbie's waist shrank yet another
two inches and they now stood on 14", her hips flared by another two inches as
it now stood on 40" and the best news that she was able to tell Anne about was
that Barbie's "DD" tits rapidly grew and now stood on full: "EE" cup and began
to produce milk.

Then as professor Brigs looked at her sexy lab-rat, she remembered how Barbie
used to be seven years ago when they met and a big smile appeared on her face as
she saw her creation broken willed and submissive just like she promised the
helpless woman who made her famous as all of the researches which Anne allowed
her to use Barbie for got her an international acknowledgement, and in return
she helped Anne to control Barbie's life in return for the right of using the
helpless blonde whenever Barbie was not used by her mistress who held her on a
very short leash, not wanting that her main source of income will escape or
worst: will be able to regain control over her life.

Then after a few minutes professor Brigs increased the speed, and so how poor
Barbie's tits jumped up and down as if they were possessed until finely 5
minutes later, she decreased the speed just has Barbie was on the verge of
getting cramps and then just as Barbie thought that she was safe: professor
Brigs began to whip her ass and she was forced to run even faster.

While professor brigs was keeping an eye on Barbie who was by now sweating like
a pig as she ran on the treadmill, Lisa and Mitzi stood next to their slave:
Jimbo-ray, ran on another treadmill which was set on the maximum as a punishment
for not bringing "Lulu-bell" (who was also known as dummy) an orgasm.

Poor Jimbo-ray was very humiliated as he was dressed in the tight chastity belt,
but not like in the case of the other male slaves who were belonged to Lora and
Mitzi: his balls were twice bigger then the puny things that he used to have and
his dick was stiff and long to the limit, then as they looked at him Mitzi asked
professor Brigs: "What are you doing?"

"I'm checking a new pill for Anne... you see Lora, by making the lab-rat to run
to the limit I can see by those machines how the changes play a role in Barbie's
life and by monitoring at the changes every 24 hours and comparing them with the
former results I can see what the pill is doing and what are the side affects of
the pills... for example the pill that we are testing now is supposed to change
her body and break her spirit." Professor brigs replied.

"And, what art the results?" Lisa joined the conversation.

"Well, the first time in which I gave her the first pill was a week ago three
times in a day just like the box say and I pleased to say that the results are
very pleasing as Barbie's waist shrank two inches and it stand on 14" instead of
the 16" that she used to have, her hips flared by another two inches as it now
stood on 40" instead of 38" and the best news are that Barbie's "DD" tits has
rapidly grew and now stood on full: "EE" cup and began to produce milk."
Professor Brigs answered.

"That's amazing, are you sure at that?" Mitzi asked.

"Yes, but there is more: according to the chart each time that she took the
pills then she lost 5 IQ points... that means that if her IQ originally stood
on: 160 points then now she is standing on a pathetic 55 points and the only
reason why you do not see it was because when I first got her under my control I
turned her into a person of two personalities, or identities if you will and the
one that you usually se with Anne is Barbie but the charts are talking at the
original Barbie who was known as: Barbara Derman, and what are you doing with
him?" Professor brigs asked.

"We're punishing our slave." Mitzi answered as each returned to supervise her
victim.

* * * * * * * *
It's been an hour since Anne and Mandy left the barn and as the cart finely
stopped infront of the house, the door opened and both "it" and Cynthia saw two
maids who was dressed in a uniform outfit just like those "It" will wear, and so
while Anne released her MASKED ponygirl she said: "OK, welcome to your new
home... "It", I want you to go with Jennifer who will dress you up, while
Cynthia will go with Valkie, understood?"

"Yes mistress." All the slaves answered in unison while Anne led Mandy into the
house, where they saw in the living room Samantha, standing there next to the
book cabinet, and then Samantha said: "well Anne, it's time to give me my
slave."

"You have a mistake Samantha, you see your mother is MY slave and as such she
will remain right here with ME... you see you gave her to ME six months ago when
you signed on the contract." Anne informed the two stunned women.

"What do you mean when you said: "you gave her to ME six months ago when you
signed on the contract" Anne? I never gave that whore to anyone?" Samantha
asked.

"Well do you remember the contract that you signed? Well according to that
contract and I quote: 'incase Mandy will be a world champion as a racing
ponygirl, then I, Samantha Jordan, gives my mother, Amanda Jordan, to the holder
of this contract, Anne J. Smith, because my mother needs help and Ms. Smith is
the only person who can give her that help...', so you see: not only that you
gave me your mother, but you also declared me as her legal guardian and again I
quote: 'in case something will happen to me then I, Samantha Jordan, also like
to mention that my mother's legal guardian will be Ms. Smith who will support my
mother, and will do her best to make sure that nothing bad will ever happen to
her as she promised me that she will keep my mother very safe.' So as you can
see: your mother here is the world champ, and now it's time to keep my promise
so you'll go with Lulu and Bell to start your transformation." Anne informed
Samantha as the two guards took her away; Anne began to strip Mandy who seemed
to be very excited as she knew that her dreams will come true as she saw how
Anne became her Santa.

Then when she finished, Anne allowed Mandy to run to the door and to get a
better view of her daughter before Anne led her ponygirl to her room (and Mandy
carried ALL of her stuff which Anne put in a gym-beg), and then once Mandy was
in bed: Anne went to visit her main group of cow-girls.

Once in the room Anne saw: Brenda Wade, Angela Grear and Karen Clark being
milked.

A few minutes later Anne went out of the room as she bumped with: Justy (who was
dressed in the maid uniform in which she arrived) and a very broken granny who
was dressed in her domestic slave uniform which included: old blue sweater off,
sky blue panties which as always by now were tangled around her knees and she
looked like someone did a number on her ass.

Then after Anne touched and heard Granny screaming, she decided to know who it
was so she ordered told Justy: "I know who you are, judge Deirdre Mainwaring, so
I'll offer that you'll start to play with Granny's clit until she will tell me:
who did it?" And as she finished, the big titted woman began to play with the
clit of the woman who used to be her mentor once and then after a few minutes,
Justy felt how her body trembled violently, and she moaned in passionate
response, soon surrendering to an explosive sexual climax but still nothing.

Five minutes later, Justy lost ALL of the respect that she had to granny and
that was when she asked Anne something which shocked her: "May I smack her
around?" and when Anne shook her head: Yes, the former judge felt how she began
to hit her former mentor against her will until the helpless Granny motioned
Anne that she will talk, and once she stopped then she asked Anne: "What
happened to me, mistress? What have you done to me?"

"You found out why people like: Morganna Morgul, Geri Phillips, Anne Smith and a
few others (which you know MOSTLY in the biblical sense) have in common: each
one of those names represent to you one of the mistresses who dominated you and
I think that I know who it was, and if I right then I'm a genius, tell me
granny: was it my innocent Moesha?" Anne suddenly realized who it HAD to be.

"Innocent? That bitch is dangerous... I swear that if I could then I would hurt
her." Granny said not noticing that Moesha stood right behind her.

"Ho really?" Anne asked with a smile as she winked to Moesha.

"Yes." Granny replied still not catching the point.

"Turn around!" Anne ordered, and then a few seconds after she did Granny hid
behind Anne who stood right between Moesha and Granny.

"Nice job Moesha, I see that you learned how to harness the fear factor so that
it will submit to you and not the other way around." Anne said as she was proud
with Moesha who smiled at her, but still feared Anne and still wondered when the
other shoe will drop, and Anne will revert back to her old self.

Over the last six months Moesha went through lots of changes as Anne allowed her
to be more time with Monique as Moesha and Mona's contract gave her the entire
weekend to be with Monique without interference and in that time: Monique
pleasured Moesha who was able to train on Monique without the fear of being
punished, as Anne gave her full protection from Mona's wrath and even saved her
a few times.

Other then that Anne also allowed her to have a little more of her old
lifestyle, i.e., wearing clothes, putting on makeup (or putting it on the way
that she likes to do it more correctly.) Not punishing her so often as she used
to do and not making her do sexual things, because now according to Anne: Moesha
was a mistress so even though there were a few limits on Moesha's freedom, the
black girl felt a little more secure then in the way that she was with the gang
and she became very loyal to Anne in return as she remembered what Anne told her
six months ago.

Moesha was shocked when Anne took her to the mall one day and actually allowed
her to choose cloths and makeup which were just in her taste and she even paid
for them as much as it took.

Then after a few minutes Anne asked Moesha: "Moesha, why have you disciplined
Granny?"

"I told her clean one of the kennels, mistress but she refused so I had to
punish her." Moesha replied with a smile.

"And what did you do to her?" Anne asked.

"Well, first I spanked her ass and then once I finished I took the phallus that
you gave me before I began to fuck her ass until the bitch was done... I knew
that she was done when she was sweating and squealing like I used to... you know
mistress, I feel very bad that I need to do that to her and yet I feel love to
that new power mistress, is everything is alright with me?" Moesha asked concern
as she looked at Anne who began to laugh.

"Moesha, everything is alright with you and it is normal that someone who went
through the kind of ordeal that you went will feel like you... you see you used
to be a SLAVE and to get orders from other people while now my dear YOU have a
little of my powers as a mistress and like mother: you fell in-love with my
powers as a mistress and you want to have some... and now if you will excuse me,
I have to go with these two bimbos two get ready so if Morganna will arrive then
let me know!" Anne ordered before she went to her room, while dragging Justy and
Granny to their room.

Once in the room, Anne threw Justy and Valkie (who was already there) into their
cage so that they will be able to rest and then after she closed the door, Anne
took a hairbrush and began to smack Granny's ass who screamed nonstop for five
minutes until Anne stood up and stripped with the help of the cow on the floor,
and that was when she decided that it was time for a oral-massage, and then as
granny knew that she had no other choice, she gagged a little in disgust, but
with another sob of despairing resignation, she bent her once proud neck and
slavishly began to suck Anne's toes.

Then after 5 minutes granny finished sucking and licking Anne's toes and feet to
her strict mistress's demanding satisfaction, Anne sighed dreamily, and
murmured: "Now, why does that always make me so horny?  Why don't you keep on
going right up my legs!" and as granny looked at her smiling she knew that it
was useless to protest.

Hating herself for her cowardly surrender, she kissed and licked Anne's legs
gradually working her way up the slim thighs of the tiny woman though terrified
of reaching the ultimate goal which she knew that Anne had set for her.

Much as she tried to delay, Granny inevitably reached the juncture of Anne's
thighs and that was when Anne (who thought that granny worked to slow) guided
Granny's head between her legs as she pulled her hairs, but there were technical
problem: Granny's incredibly muscular body was so large that it was impossible
to fit between Anne's puny thighs, to achieve the proper angle of approach, so
Anne informer her slave: "I've got it!  Flip over sow!"

Though mortified by the degrading and offensive command, Granny obediently
twisted her supple body, with the agility of an acrobat so her tender, pink
mouth could reach Anne's pussy, and so crouching awkwardly, granny closed her
eyes and taking a deep breath, reluctantly pressed her face into Anne's crotch,
to pay worshipful homage to the loathsome woman who had bought, re-educated, and
enslaved her.

As she inexpertly kissed and sucked, Anne played with her nipples and they
obediently stiffened in perverse excitement, then as Anne grew ever more
excited, as granny's tongue flicked her clit.  In her selfish eagerness, she
slid down off the hassock right on to granny's beautiful face and then as her
round and firm buttocks closed the slave's tearful eyes, with their sweaty
weight, and forced granny's distinguished patrician nose deep into her butt
crack. 

Anne's flesh almost suffocated her, but granny dared not cease her odious duty;
she continued to obediently flick her delicate tongue, even as she gasped
brokenly for breath, then when Supergran finally succeeded in satiating her
mistress, Anne remembered a promise she'd made to Morganna and Leticia.

"Well, now's as good a time as any!"  Anne thought, with an evil grin of
anticipation, so then she rose from granny's shuddering body, and ordered the
whimpering grandmother to lie face down across the hassock.

"Don't peek, Bitch!"  Anne chortled warningly, and when granny turned her head
in despondent curiosity Anne smacked her face before she said: "You'll ruin the
surprise!" and by now, granny knew better than to disobey her mistress's evil
commands and so with another whimper or resignation, she slumped across the
hassock, her face drooping toward the floor, while Anne made her preparations:
as granny was trembling in dread crouched in miserable obedience across the
hassock, Anne tiptoed up behind her and after she strapped around her waist, the
terrible trollish dildo, that had already deflowered the virginal anuses of the
entire family, she remembered how Morganna had made her promise to use it on
granny's broad bottom or other slave as it was: "a matter of family tradition!"
as Morganna said. 

Then as the dildo was in place, Anne crept silently up behind the once
distinguished grandmother as she braced herself, she lined up the fearsomely
huge dildo exactly between the muscular beach balls of granny's vulnerably
exposed backside and then with a wrathful lunge, Anne propelled herself forward. 

Her careful aim was rewarded, when the dildo's huge, knobby head, battered its
way through granny's small, tight sphincter on the first lunge.

The terrible anal rape caught granny once again completely by surprise! 

At first she couldn't even guess what frightful calamity had befallen her. She
only knew a terrible, stabbing pain was tearing her rectum apart which was
followed by an enormous evil presence, driving deep into her behind, ramming
into her lower body cavity with a dreadful, all consuming, potent anguish that
mashed her insides to jelly, with its atrocious power.

Driven nearly insane by the frightful pain in her magnificent derriere, granny
twisted and turned frantically, to escape, and then as she rammed her hips in
and out, Anne twisted and pinched the nipple of granny's enormous left breast to
hold her steady, but it was hardly necessary.  The huge phallus, itself, driving
with irresistible force, so deep into her vulnerable vitals, impaled granny's
huge muscular body like a butterfly by a pin.

Rearing and plunging like a stallion on Spanish fly, Anne rammed the mighty
Morgul phallus in and out of granny's ravaged body with exuberant abandon until
Anne at last called it quits, she tried to pull the dildo from granny's
tormented rectum, but it wouldn't budge, stuck fast in the tight muscular
sphincter and so Anne had no choice but to unbuckle the dildo from her fat
waist. 

Once she was out of the dildo, Anne planted her foot on granny's broad bottom,
and tugged on the straps with both hands, until finally with a forceful heave of
her fat body, she pulled it free with a loud plop and a very long scream from
her tormented slave and that was when Anne led her slave, granny, to the closet
and forced her to help Anne dress in: riding boots, riding pants and white
button shirt before Anne dressed her sobbing slave in a saddle and a pony-bridle
to which she attached a pair of reins.

Then Anne forced Granny's hands into a pair of fists before she wrapped them in
a tape and then once the pony was ready, Anne wait to a steel box which lay on
the floor and in it she saw a figure of a woman who was wrapped in a black tape,
and had a collar which said: "Katie" but for now Anne decided to leave her as
she was, and that was when she took Granny for a ride.

Meanwhile is Lisa's stable, Lisa and Mitzi just gave Jimbo-ray another chance
and as they looked on him pumping Bertha's ass Lisa said to Mitzi: "You know
Lora, that Brigs character is very interesting then what I imagined."

"Yeah, and that Barbie character is absolutely amazing... but what did she meant
when she said that she is doing experiments on Anne's behalf? I never knew that
Anne could co-exist with another woman who has the same powers as her." Lisa
asked.

"Well maybe your daughter decided to be more social then what she was until
now." Mitzi answered.

The end of chapter 14.

The permissions.

1. Moesha was taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding night" by Ted E.
bear and used with his permission.
2. Valkie, Justy, Soapy, Dopey and Granny are being used with the author's
permission and can be fined at his shelf on this site.
3. Moesha and Monique came from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding night" by
Ted E. Bear and they are used with his permission.
4. Barbie and Dr. Brigs (professor Brigs) was taken from the story: "The lab
rat" by Musker, and used with the author's permission.
5. Bambi was taken from the story: "Dangerous Wagers", "It" is based on the
Blair from: "Blair Becomes Owned", "Boobsie, the Pony Girl" was taken from the
story: "Casino", Cynthia, Patrice and "slave M" were taken from the story:
""Pledging Omega"... all the stories were written by Blair-Brek and used with
permission.

Other notes:

1. What Anne is doing to granny is based on what happen to granny in GW's story:
"Super mother's day"
2. "It" and Bambi's outfit and look are based on the story.
3. Patrice's outfit is based on the outfit in the story: Wedding Present by
Parker.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 15&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;The only survivor, a slave from the past, meet the new mistress, Bimbo 101,&gt;

Author's Note: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading
if you are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy
and ALL of the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel
to any of the stories that I borrowed characters from, for example: Justy,
Granny and Valkie are names that I gave those characters.

Part_15

It has been a week since Anne received custody over the daughter of her only
friends from the Kibbutz, which was a 15 year old girl name: Sarit Levi, who was
turned 15 as her mother and father were murdered in a mysterious explosion and
the girl was a rack as she was forced to celebrate her 15th birthday in the
hospital pacing from one side of the room to the other until she heard the news
about her parents and since then she shut herself from the world and didn't want
any connections.

Anne heard about the horrible news when she received a letter from the kibbutz
in which she was asked to come and take care of the helpless orphan who lost
everything, at first Anne refused to believe it but then after she received the
pictures: she flew to Israel as fast as she could and decided to help the little
girl.

The hour now was 10:00 and Anne just finished reading to Sarit one of the
stories that she loved more then everything and now she helped the girl to eat
as she begged in a very soft and kind voice: "Sarit, I know that it is very hard
for you, and I will understand if you will refuse but please talk to me... tell
me anything so that I will know how to help you."

"Bring my family back to life." was all of Sarit's answer and as Anne looked at
her she saw how her face which once were shining and happy were now vacant.

"Sarit, I can't do that but I wish that I could so that I will see your smile
again..." Anne answered Sarit.

"Tell me Anne: would you like to know what happened to my mother and father?"
Sarit asked.

"Yes Sarit, I do." Anne answered.

"Very well, it was the morning of my birthday (that was when I last so them
alive) when I... (Sob) went to school after kissing mommy and daddy... (Sniffle)
I guess that they worked that day on a surprise party for me... (whimper) and
for the first time in my life I was suppose to have a cake, a big one you know,
with candles and everything... (Sniffle) so after reading the newspaper I went
to school which was... (Sob) I'm sorry Anne." Sarit did her best to tell her
story but she kept on sobbing, and Anne could see how a tiny tear rolled down
her cheek.

"That's okay sweetie, take your time." Anne said as she put her hand on Sarit's
shoulder as she tried to comfort the little girl.

"Anyway... (Whine) I went to school which was... (Whimper) not far from where
they were murdered... (Choke) you see Anne, when it happened the hour in Israel
was exactly 10:00:00... (Sob) and that was when a big explosion was heard and we
saw the flames so while everyone... (Sob) ran to one side, something pulled me
to the fire... (Snuffle) and there on the ground I saw... (Sob) my mother and
father on the ground motionless as a group of: terrorist supporters... (Sniffle)
sorry "peace activates" stood there and Showing their support for the terror as
they were about to go on another crusade to save the terrorists." Sarit said,
and as she talked Anne felt how she held Anne's hand while slowly bending until
her head slowly lay on Anne's lap.

"Sarit..." Anne tried to say something, but she just couldn't as she heard the
helpless orphan who was looking for her support.

"Anne, when I arrived to the area, next to my mother I saw a hand who was on the
ground and was not attached to everything..." Sarit informed Anne.

"You mean?" Anne asked, and Sarit shock her head: yes.

"Yes, that is exactly what I mean... (Sob) my mother and father had their
hands." Sarit said to the shocked Anne.

"I'm very sorry." Anne said.

"Anne, may I ask you for a favor?" Sarit asked.

"Yes, what is it?" Anne answered without thinking.

"Please teach me: how to be a good mistress such as you... I always heard mommy
talking about you and the way that you live so please teach me." Sarit began to
beg.

"I'll do it." Anne said, as she helped Sarit to eat while they continued their
chat.

"Anne, may I ask you something personal?" Sarit asked.

"Yes, what is it?" Anne replied in her gentle voice.

"Mommy told me once that she met you as you were a: social service girl, right?"
Sarit asked Anne who seemed to be confused.

"Yes, so?" Anne replied.

"Why weren't you in the army?" Sarit asked.

"I was 21." Anne replied.

"The old 21 or the new 21?" Sarit asked.

"I'm the new 21 and my mother is the old 21." Anne replied.

"Ho Anne, I'm so sorry... please forgive me Anne it seems that I misjudged you."
Sarit said.

"That's okay Sarit; if I was in your shoes then I guess that I would do the
same." Anne replied.

"No Anne, it is not okay... here you are trying to be kind to me and to help me
and all I'm doing is giving you attitude because I thought of you as something
else." Sarit replied shamed of the way that she acted.

Then once Sarit finished to eat Anne helped her to stand with the help of her
lovedoll, Darcie, and then she held her to a room which had a sign in the front
which said: "Anne's personal slaves: the ex Captain Judy Anderson of the Capital
City Vice Squad (AKA: piggy), the ex DA, Ulrica "slut" Wodden (who is also known
as: Valkie and Silver Valkyrie), the ex Appellate Court Judge, Deirdre "tramp"
Mainwaring (who is also known as: Justy and Justice lady), Ms. Laurie "bimbo"
White (who is also known as: Soapy and Supermom), Laurie's daughter Betty
"Ditzy" White (who is also known as: Dopey and Superlass) and her mother: Bertha
"old cow" White (who is also known as: Granny and supergran) who are all here to
serve Mistress Anne." And when they got in, Sarit saw the slaves inside their
cages but instead of 5 cages she saw 6.

A few minutes after they were in the room, Anne led Sarit to a cage and told her
while handing her a key: "Sarit, I want you to meet your new slave: the local
high School Principal, Rosemary Harrison, who will become your slave as you will
join into her school... you see my dear: Rosy here need to have someone strong
enough to control her, so why do you say?"

"I'll take her." Sarit said.

"Well then, why won't you take her to the living room to try her out while the
rest of my slaves will be working on moving her stuff into her new room?" Anne
asked Sarit whose face was as bright as the sun, and she had huge smile on her
face as she opened the cage and took her slave out of there, then once Sarit and
her slave were out of the room Anne took out her slaves who went to work and as
she looked at them: Anne remembered how piggy's former mistress gave her to Anne
in return for a few legal favors and as a pay of her debt to Anne.

Anne remembered how the media used to describe piggy as a self-confident woman,
who by force of character and hard work: Judith had worked her way up to Captain
in the twelve years since she left college, with a Master's Degree in Police
Science, she had won several medals for valor in her career, and was a
superlative street cop. 

She sometimes regretted her promotion, because she spent so much time behind a
desk.

Other then that Judith was also a black belt in the martial arts. There wasn't a
person in her squad (man or woman) who she couldn't beat in hand to hand combat
and she knew that, behind her back, the other cops called her "Punchin' Judy."  
No one would ever dare call her that, to her face, of course, but secretly, she
wasn't displeased with the nick name. She knew it denoted wide-spread
recognition of her skill.

And there she was after 2 years with her former owner in which she was:
blackmail, and abused by the tiny woman who controlled her together with some of
the richest women in own who were also a members of the spa in which she used to
personally serve her former mistress, two evenings a week, at my discretion and
to serve drinks to her former mistress's guests at the personal-parties as she
was dressed in her uniform which were a ridiculous, demeaning parody of a French
Maid's Uniform, obviously so scanty that it couldn't conceal, but would only
emphasize her nudity which included: only a pair of gray hose with red garters,
impossibly uncomfortable skyscraper heels, a tiny white maid's apron, that
didn't quite reach the juncture of her shapely thighs, and a silly looking,
maid's cap.

This uniform was the inspiration for the way in which Anne dressed her maids in.

Then as Judy moved next to her, Anne saw Judy's ass tattoos which said: "the" on
her left cheek and "end" on her right which was precisely the case because the
new Judy was humble in submission as she was now belonged to Mistress Anne who
forced her to quit her job in her: body, soul and mind!

Once the slaves finished, Anne put them back in their cages and that was when
Anne went to another room in which she had a brown haired woman who was
patterned after the proud Power Mesh uniform she once wore, that seemed so long
ago, now. Of course, the body suit was made of some other material, and it
lacked strategic material at bust and crotch (which were reveled), net stockings
and red and yellow garters that she wore with her jaunty red and yellow boots.

Then Anne walked to her slave and, as she stood behind the slave's back she
inspected her back which was reduced until it was only a string which rode into
her ass and then she said while petting her slave's ass: "it was very smart of
you to remove the pages from your diary in which you wrote how it was to be a
slave Cynthia my dear, BUT unfortunately for you: your former mistress who you
murdered kept everything and I was to busy in gathering information on you."

Then Anne lay on the bed and a few minutes later, Cynthia began to oral-massage
Anne's feet while her mistress told her: "you are my slave now, Cynthia, and as
such I'm going to give my best speech which is called: "the facts of life.", do
you want to hear that?"

"Yes Mistress." Cynthia answered submissively as she took a little break, and
then after a few minutes she went back to work.

"Well Cynthia, in most cases slaves like you are the most loyal slaves, because
they used to be proud and independent until they met someone stronger then them
who was able to break them by showing them who the boss is, or in one of my
mentors' words: "Superheroines make wonderful pets, once you domesticate them! 
No matter how tough they think they are, a stronger woman can always break
them." And: "Superheroines do make such nice pets!" as one of my other mentors
told me once and since I met your niece, Justy, I found out that they were
right... now on other note: we've checked the formulas of the power mash outfit
AND that of your powers stopped you from getting older (just like your niece) so
that means that the both of you will be young forever but don't worry: now that
your niece is legally insane and as a legal guardian no one will believe her AND
now the only problem is you but I think that I'll be able to find something a
way... I know: you will go thru the same process that your niece did, but do not
worry: once you will be declared insane I will take a good care of you my dear
and you will learn to be such a great slave." Anne finished, and then she
enjoyed her slave who was obediently working on her feet.

Meanwhile in the living room, Sarit finished to train Rosy in doing doggie
tricks who saw how her new owner aimed all of her powers against her as she
said: "you are a very bad doggie slut, I just can't believe how useless you are
and here I thought that all of Anne's slave her obedient slaves but I was wrong
and I'm very happy for that because now I can train and shape you to become the
greatest slave in the world... you see slut: I never liked going to school, in
fact the only reason why I went to school was to be educated but now I'll have
another reason which is to have fun and you can be sure that I'll have fun by
showing up on your door step whenever I'll have free times, understood?" as she
watched her collared, naked slave as she was drinking from the toilette.

"Yes mistwess Sawit." The helpless principal answered like a baby so that she
will remember her new place in society, as she took a little break from drinking
out of the toilette.

"Other then that slut: when any of my teachers won't be able to arrive then you
will call me to your office where you will wait for me at the door naked and
collared so that we won't waist any time, in fact I want you to remain naked and
collared in your office so that I will be able to have jump for a visit... in
fact the only times that you will be dressed will be when you will arrive to
school and when you'll have important meetings but other then that: I'll keep
you under surveillance with the help of your secretary who hates you and a
surveillance Camera to make sure that you will wait for your "teacher" naked
inside your room, understood?" Anne asked the humiliated teacher.

"Yes mistwess Sawit." Slut answered as she began to be even more humiliated with
every word which Sarit told her, while on her part Sarit so in her imagination
her toy in action.

"Now slut, not only that I forbid you from wearing any cloths but I also forbid
you to leave your office... you see slut: you may be the principal but as far as
I know it is only in the paper while the music teacher, Laurel Phillips, is
doing the decisions so from now on there are a few things that you must to do:

1. You will always address me, as: Mistwess, or as: Mistwess Sawit or as: Ma'am
or as: Mdm. Sawit! It's time you learned your place in life, Slavegirl slut!
2. You will turn over 99.9% of your salary to me on payday, that's 99.9% before
deductions, of course! 
3. You will surrender all your bank accounts to me.
4. You will give me any information you have, that might be useful to me in my
work!
5. You will use your powers to give me a protection as I am the new girl in
school, and I am having "problems" with my English... for your luck I'm blonde
so everyone will believe you.
6. From now on slut: you'll lay off those people I tell you to lay off and only
go after the ones that I will tell you to, mainly my competitors! This way no
one will bother me because I'll have my personal attack-bitch to control, while
you on the other hand will never have your life back.

Now slut, do you have driving license and a car?" Sarit asked her helpless slut.

"Yes mistwess." Rosy answered.

"That's good because today after we will get some rest then you will take me to
the nearest Mall and we will do some shopping, understood?" Sarit informed her
slave.

"Yes mistwess." Slut said with a tear in her eye.

"You see slut, all of my former teachers and principals used to go on a which
hunt and there was nothing that we could do but now after Anne will be able to
adopt me according to the local laws then I will be the mistress and the owner
of a principal who will be the victim of my fury... you see slut: before I
arrived to the states I lost MY entire life and now I have the opportunity to
start a new page in life as: Sarit L. Smith, and until It will happen I will
have full control over your: body, soul and mind... now slut, you are way to
muscular for me so it seems that I'll have to train you in such a manor that
you'll gain more weight and become chubbier while your sex appeal will remain
the same because I always despised the former principal that I had because she
always picked on me, so you my dear will become her replacement accept for the
fact that for once I will have a principal who will be as you Americans say:
"the pupil's pet" and believe me that you'll never be the same, understood?"
Sarit finely asked with a very sadistic smile on her face as she suddenly
grabbed her slave's head and flushed the water, showing a complete disrespect
for the helpless principal.

"Yes mistwess Sawit." Rosy answered.

"I have lot of things that I want to do with you, slut and you can be sure that
none of them include letting you go... you are my slave and as such you are
about to experience lots of humiliation starting from tomorrow, you see until
the summer vacation will be over you will have the pleasure of turn into my
submissive bitch and I will control everything that you will do no matter how
degrading it will be

"YES MISTWESS." Slut shouted as she dried her hair, just before her mistress
pulled her by the hair and led her slave to her room where she lay on the bed
and Rosy began to lick her pussy until Sarit was pleased and then she threw her
into her cage after she dressed her helpless slave in a standard French maid's
uniform.

It's tight shinny bodice was edged in white frilly ruffles and it's short black
skirt lifted straight out by the many pretty white petticoats underneath and
it's associated accessories of white apron, maid's cap and ruffled wide choker
finished the most becoming image but under all that, Rosy wore a complete black
rubber catsuit with attached gloves and hood and in her mouth the helpless
principal had a smiling gag which made her look warm and inviting.

* * * * * * *
It's been a few minutes after Anne and Cynthia arrived to a room which was built
like a class with two tables with three chairs attached to the floor next to
them, which were occupied by a busty blonde woman with vacant, dumb looks on
their faces like in tin's skin, next to each other, and in there Anne informed
her slave: "Cynthia, welcome to: Bimbo 101 where you can see the results of one
of our psychological experiments which most of the bimbos began before they
arrived here like: Cindy and Caitlin (at the first two places from the door) who
dropped out of school, since reading and writing was a bit beyond them now and
later they found various jobs around town, mostly at strip clubs, any questions
so far?" As she went and stood next to the first desk from the door which had 3
Blonde women (2 teens and one adult) and when Cynthia looked at them she saw
that the two teens wore the same outfits such as another woman which included:
cut-off jeans held snuggly against her round ass as her tits bounced through her
blouse, which was tied up at the bottom to show their stomach complete with a
naval ring.

Then Cynthia looked at Mandi (the older bimbo) and saw that she was dressed in a
slut outfit which included: a white lace blouse which was open in a V all the
way from her shoulders to a point on the center of her waist, showing all of her
glorious cleavage, a minimal red bra which could be seen through the blouse and
plainly visible across the open skin below her bounteous breasts.

She wore a black leather micro mini skirt, black fishnet hose and thigh high
glossy black spike heeled boots which came to just below the hem of her skirt.
There was a wide shiny black choker around her neck, a belt which was deeper in
the front than the sides pulled in her tiny waist almost as much as a corset,
also in glossy black, and gloves which matched her boots came almost all the way
up her arms to the short sleeves on her shoulders.

Other then that, on her shoulder was a short golden chain strap of a small black
purse.

"No ma'am." Cynthia answered.

Then after Anne pinched Cynthia's nipple she said: "the last member of this
group is called Mandi (with an I) who used to be known as: Amanda Jenkins, who
used to be a secretary to some guy named: Vince Rouse, who was the one
responsible for those Bimbos situation... now at the table next to them you can
fine: Brenda Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and ex Detective Jennifer
Black... you see Cynthia: Brenda Williams had been working at a dead end job for
years. Her life seemed empty to her. Since divorcing her husband three years
ago, she had been raising her 18 year old daughter, Jane, and her 15 year old
son, Jonathan (who is now with my mother, working as her housekeeper together
with Sport, or should I say: bunny), Sometimes she felt like she was letting
them down, but she had to tell herself to keep going. After all, secretaries
don't get paid a lot of money.

She used to work for a cosmetics company which was called: "NEW LIFE COSMETICS"
Her boss, Mr. Holden, kept her busy most of the day. She mostly answered phones
and did computer work. The company, New Life Cosmetics, supposedly did a lot of
experimental work. She rarely saw anything other than her desk and rarely talked
to anyone other than her boss and her friend, Tammy who was another secretary
there. They would meet up in the copy room and gossip about whatever was
happening that day and occasionally, they would see scientist's running back and
forth through the hallways. But they would never talk to anyone. They were a
very secretive organization, any questions so far?" Anne asked smiling at the
dumb blonde infront of her.

"No ma'am." Cynthia replied.

"Good slave, anyway her daughter used to be a feminist activate with good head
on her shoulders and the last member of the group is: EX Detective Jennifer
"Jenny" Black from the FBI who was investigating the changes in Jane and Brenda,
as a part of bigger investigation which the FBI had begun since New Life had
begun producing these new perfumes which changed women's personalities... now
each bimbo began her phases in another way: Brenda was the first one who began
the process with a subliminal massages while 24 hours later her daughter joined
the party as she used a perfume and the last one was Jennifer who was left in a
special tank for 96 hours in which she smelled and sucked to her lungs ALL of
the perfumes with a short breaks to eat and drink every 12 hours." Anne said as
a sadistic smile crossed her face.

Then Cynthia looked at the bimbos starting from: Jane whose hair was streaked
blond in a long flowing French curls which fell al the way to her lower back,
her makeup was made-up like a hooker and she was wearing a mini-skirt and a tank
top that barely covered her up as her new "HH" tits stuck out proudly from the
generous cleavage that she had.

Next was Brenda, who looked so adorable as she was dressed as a little
schoolgirl in an outfit which included: a child's sleeveless undershirt, a pair
of bloomers, and a blue and white calico dress that barely covered her crotch,
her shoes were shapeless blocks and her hair was held as a pigtail by two pink
ribbons while a red bow rested on her forehead.

Next was Jenny who was the main target of Anne's experiment, then as Cynthia
looked at her she couldn't believe her eyes as she remembered her "before"
picture from the gallery and that woman was not the Jennifer Black that she saw
as she started at her feet, which were clad in black ankle boots with six inch
silvery metal spike heels, up to her long legs covered in black fishnet
stockings attached to garters that extended below her very short black leather
micromini skirt that was so short that she could see the clit ring that Anne had
given her.

She then looked at Jenny's hands: Her long two-inch cherry red nails were each
adorned with several cheap silver nail rings, and each finger had at least two
rings with several that had chains leading to slave bracelets around her wrists.

Cynthia then scanned over to her huge chest: Her HH tits were barely covered
with a tight black leather bustier that pushed Jenny's huge tits up into
mountains on her chest and Cynthia could see the outline of two large nipple
rings through the tight leather, and a small silver ring in her navel.

Then Cynthia saw that around her neck was a dark red leather choker with a small
pendant that said: "Bimbo" on it and she could barely make out Jenny's original
face under her heavy make up: her lips looked swollen and were painted a bright
shiny red which made it look like the bimbo had a permanent pout.

Her eyes were rimmed in heavy black eyeliner with extremely long black lashes
that looked completely fake, her eyelids were covered with a silvery purple
eyeshadow, and her dark eyebrows were tweezed thin and in high arches and then
as Cynthia came closer to the bimbo (after her mistress allowed her to) she
noticed that Jenny's ears each had four big silver hoops dangling from them. She
also had one small silver ring in the right side of her nose, and two more in
her right eyebrow.

And then she looked at what had most surprised her: the bimbo's lovely dark mane
of hair was gone! It had been replaced with long flowing curls of pure white
hair which was teased up into a very big and slutty eighties style. She looked
like the ultimate wet dream from the darkest corner of someone very perverse
mind.

Then Cynthia looked at their teacher who was dressed in: flat black shoes, long
dress which reached until the floor and a white shirt. Other then that the hair
of the teacher was in a tight bun and she was absolutely humiliated and that was
when Anne said: "now Cynthia, that woman over there is the teacher of this class
and her name is: Tim-Tam, mainly because that is the only name (accept for mine)
that the bimbos can say without giggling and still feel good about their state
of mind and the low amount of IQ in the room... speaking on which: did you know
that if you will add the points of IQ which belongs to the bimbos then you'll
receive precisely: 60 points? Each one of those bimbos was exposed for a
different kind of experiment which at the end left them with a miserable 10
points of IQ." And then she dragged Cynthia out of the room to her bedroom where
Cynthia helplessly licked Anne's pussy while on her side was Latifa with Tina's
head in her pussy and as Anne looked at Tina she saw that her hairs were
bleached and hung untamed and tangled, giving Tina a well-used look.

The end of part_15.

The permissions.

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW and they are used with the author's permission.
2. Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW and used with the
author's permission.
3. Rosy was taken from the stories: "Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson"
by GW and being used with the author's permission.
4. Cynthia (power miss) was taken from the stories: Fraulein Power's Trophies,
Latin Holiday and "Fraulein Power" by GW she is used with the author's
permission and can be fined at his shelf on this site.
5. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: Bimbo Dot Com by MrGray
and used with his permission.
6. Brenda Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black
were taken from the story: What Men Look for in Women by MrGray and used with
his permission.
7. Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.

Other notes:

1. The outfit which Sarit dressed Rosy was borrowed from the story: Cornucopia
by Musker and it is used with the author's permission.
2. The outfit which Jennifer "Jenny" Black wore and her look were borrowed from
the story: Wonder woman and the new U-salon by Ghost_Hand and it is used with
the author's permission.
3. The outfit that Cynthia wears is based on the story: Fraulein Power's
Trophies by GW and used with the author's permission.
4. The history of: Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: Bimbo Dot
Com by MrGray and used with his permission and it is used with the author's
permission.
5. The history of:  Brenda Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective
Jennifer Black were taken from the story: What Men look for in Women by MrGray
and used with his permission and it is used with the author's permission.
6. The history of Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW
and used with the author's permission.
7. The rules which Sarit made were taken from the stories: Punchin' Judy and by
GW and used with the author's permission
8. Mandi's outfit is used with Stevezink's permission.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 16&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;08:00, 10:30, 12:30&gt;

Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to any of
the stories that I borrowed characters from, for example: Justy, Granny and
Valkie are names that I gave those characters.
2. ALL of the characters named in the different permission's section are owned
by the author\artist who I borrowed them from and if anyone wants to use them
then he\she MUST to get written permission from the original author\artist.

Part_16

It was the first day of Sarit in her new school and already she was furious
because she found out that she will have to wear a school uniform which was so
degrading that Sarit decided that she won't wear those awful things. However,
she didn't say anything about: Rosy, fate, Kandy and bratty not wearing it,
because as the principal of the school she will have to set an example. And so
she had her slave dressed in: flat, black moccasins, ankle high socks, knee high
skirt with a slit at each side which showed the diaper that was hiding under it,
long white button blouse with nothing under it accept for a baby apron which
said: "pussy kitty" on it.

Other then that: Rosy had on her shoulder golden chain which was attached to a
black purse with another few things that the helpless principal will be forced
to where while on her part.

On her part, Sarit was only dressed in a pair of: white sport shoes, ankle high
socks, Blue jeans with a pair of panties under them and a green t-shirt with a
bra under it.

Then on the way to school in Rosy's new car, Sarit asked her slave: "is
everything was done like I told you, slut?" as she smiled a sadistic smile to
the sobbing girls at the backseat.

"Yes mistress." Rosy answered in fear as she looked into Sarit's eyes which had
a strange glow as they looked on her.

"It better be slut because if it won't then I'll take you back to that club and
I will arrange for you to be gang-banged for five days straight and this times
you will have to deal with 10-14 men and women and believe me that this will
only be the BEGINNING of your punishment, so describe me my class!" Sarit
ordered her frightened slave with a sadistic smile.

"W-well mistress: the class will be made from 39 other submissive girls in your
age. It will be easier for you to enslave them and mark them in the triple
cherry mark (like you marked me) whenever you'll finish to enslave them. The
name of your new teacher, mistress is: Alexandra Prince. And as you requested
mistress she is a feminist with a medium bust." Rosy answered.

"Tell me about her, slut!" Sarit ordered as she looked out of the window and saw
her new high-school.

"W-well... (Gulp)... m-mistress: Mrs. Prince used to be the president of the
school's education board..." Rosy began to say as she was interrupted by her
mistress who asked: "what's that?" as she bent toward her slave and slipped her
hand into the blouse of her slave before she played with her pierced nipples as
the helpless woman began to explain what is the education board, and then after
a while she said: "she is very strict woman who scares me mistress. I remember
how once she shouted at me because some pupil was not dressed properly."

"Really? Well slut, if that's the case then you may earned yourself some freedom
for a while... now let's go: you have to introduce me and I have a bitch to tame
but don't worry slut because it won't take me long to make her dancing by my
music, and you'll help me as you will give her the same beating which you got
before I'll start to work on her mind... then I will come for you at the first
break to see what you are doing and once I'll arrive, I want you in your "baby"
costume at the door, understood?" Sarit asked the humiliated principal as she
went out of the car once the car stopped.

"Yes mistress." Rosy answered.

"Now, once we will get to the office, then the three of you will keep Simon
company... while you, my beloved slut will go into the office with me and once
we will be in then I want you to close the door until you will be dressed in
your diaper while I will take care of Mrs. Tramp... if you will do anything
without my permission then I will talk with my step-mothers and I promise you
that you we will have lots of fun." Sarit informed her slave as she literally
threw her out of the car and then slut led her mistress to her office where
Alexandra was waiting for them.

"YOU'RE LATE." Alexandra shouted at Rosy and Sarit, while Sarit set down and
slut closed the door and began to strip next to it until she was naked and then
as Sarit motioned to her she crawled under the table and began to lick her
mistress's shoes.

"No we're not tramp, you're early... you seem to be nice so I'll let you know:
I'm going to enslave you." Sarit said very quite as she looked at the shocked
teacher.

"You wouldn't dare..." Alexandra began to say as she suddenly saw Rosy jumping
on her while Sarit left the room.

Once Sarit was out she looked at her slaves who only wore their diapers and then
she heard a kind voice asking to her: "Hi Sarit, so how's school so far? Look I
have tickets to see Brittany Speers today, would you like to join me?" as the
screams began.

Then as Sarit turned around, she saw Rosy's secretary and the 2nd slave (and
lover) that Sarit had: Ms. Simon Va-boom who was the sexiest woman in the
faculty and the star of the wet dreams of the boys and lesbians in the school,
but unfortunately for them Miss Va-boom fell in-love with Sarit who enjoyed the
charms of her body as she focused on Simon's "FF" cup tits and training the
secretary in using her tongue over Sarit's body as they tormented slut during
the last few months and as far as Sarit was concern she owned her as Simon got a
tattoo which was shaped as a three cherry leaf (and she was the only one who
knew why it was three and not two cherries) in the middle of a heart on the back
of her hand with the left one said: "Simon", the middle said: "Sarit" and the
last said: "RTS".

"Simon, my love, how are you? Are you the responsible for this?" Sarit asked
with a smile as she looked at the babies.

"I'm not bad when I see you my love, and you? Ho by the way I did it, they
looked so boring dressed in those outfits that I thought that I'm about to die
so I told them to strip until I saw those diapers and decided to leave them that
way... can they please remain here with me until the end of the day my love?"
Simon answered smiling as she bent over and gave Anne a good look over her huge
firm breasts which she knew that Sarit loved so much.

"I'm great; ever since Anne adopted me I'm in heaven... there is another reason
why I feel this way: Anne and Latifa got married in a civil ceremony, that was
the first time in which I saw that a judge can get to people who love each other
married (it is good that we have Justy and that Anne can make magic) and so now
I have two step-mothers who love and cherish me... ho, if you would like then
they will remain here." Sarit replied.

"That's great... by the way Sarit, I'm sorry that I wasn't able to come to your
birthday party... I had to package all of my stuff because I was thrown out of
the house for not loving a boy." Simon apologized.

"Don't worry Sim' we will work something out... I know: you will move into the
ranch, I just talked about it with Latifa and she agreed in one condition: that
we will talk with Anne and ask for her permission... now wanted to ask you
something." Sarit said.

"Yes my boobs are real." Simon said and sounded tired of that answer.

"Really? Well anyway... boy that was some announcement." Sarit became confused
as she looked at the lovely Simon.

"What was your question?" Simon asked blushing from the reaction that she
received from Sarit.

"Yes... what was my question?" Sarit asked still confused.

"Sarit, do you like me?" Simon asked.

"No, I LOVE you." Anne replied.

"Me or my body?" Simon asked.

"Both of them, my love." Sarit answered.

"When will you move in with us, Sim?" Sarit asked.

"Today, my stuff are already at the car and now all I need is you step-mother's
permission my love... shell I call them" Simon answered.

"No Sim, no one will answer you because Anne is at the tracks with her "team"
and Latifa is out until 10:30 so that won't be wise." Sarit replied.

"Okay then... Say my love: can you do me a favor?" Simon asked cautious.

"What?" Sarit asked.

"I need to get a raise... you see Sarit, I ran for six months now after Rosy so
I thought that maybe now you can do something." Simon answered shamed as she
needed to bother Sarit with her unimportant problems.

"I'll talk to her my love... don't worry you will get the raise that you
deserve, you know what let's bargain: what do you say about 50%?" Sarit asked.

"70%" Simon answered with a smile.

"55%" Sarit raised her offer.

"70%" Simon answered still standing by her offer.

"75% and that's my final offer... take it or leave it." Sarit said.

"Okay, you won... what can I say Sarit: you are tougher then me, and I'm so
ashamed of my failure. It seems that once again you showed me who's the better
woman." Simon began to put some Drama in the air as Sarit began to laugh with
every word that Simon said.

"What can I say Simon, I'm better then you." Sarit replied.

"Yes, indeed you are my love. And I am nothing but a clown here to make a fool
of me by trying to bargaining with you, I can't believe how naive I was when I
thought that I could do better job then you." Simon continued with the Drama
until she finely got serious and said: "thank you Sarit, for all the things that
you did to me." as she threw her head down to the table.

Then after she raised it up Sarit kissed her on her lips and went into Rosy's
office with Simon's raise offer. Then after a few minutes she came out with a
leash in her hand which was attached to Alex who only wore: a pair of baby
shoes, diaper, apron and had her hands tied behind her back. But now Alex seemed
a little changed to Simon as she looked broken.

Once they arrived to the class, Sarit locked the door of the class before she
led Alex to the board where she said: "hello everyone. My name is Sarit L. Smith
and that is my assistant, Baby. From now on whenever there will be the educator
hour I'll teach you how to be submissive lovers. And since today is the first
day: we are about to have great time together on Baby's expans, any questions?",
then as she finished the rest of the girls in the class smiled at her.

And then a blonde girl said: "what is your relationship with miss Prince?"

"Baby, what was the mistake of this girl?" Sarit asked.

"Miss Prince is dead... I'm your slave and my name is: Baby diaper." Baby
replied and that was when Sarit began the new class.

Meanwhile in another part of the city at the raising tracks, Mandy and Anne just
won the third round in the third place and now they were on the way to their
tent where "it" (who was dressed in cloths which reminded her batgirl uniform
accept that now instead of blue she had Black) and Cynthia (who was dressed in
her slave uniform) who began to removed Mandy's: headgear, mask and shoulder
harness.

On the floor not far from the post were: Raven, "Boobsie" and Brenda Davis who
all already ran as they were in their pony outfits which were just like Mandy's.

Then as Anne set down on a chair with a moaning sack next to her feet, Hilda
came to her and asked: "mistress, may I talk with you?" as she was dressed in
her new uniform which included: Black boots, brown skirt which was in the edges
of her pussy and ass with a little slit on each side and no panties, white one
size to small blouse with the words: "Mistress A's slave" printed on the back.

"Yes Hilda: what is it?" Anne replied.

"When will I be free and you'll release me?" Hilda asked.

"Well Hilda, you see I have a problem there: you see I know all about you and
that is why I decided not to let you go." Anne replied.

"I'm sorry if I might sound rude mistress but you don't know anything about me."
Hilda replied.

"Ho no? Well I guess that I'll have to prove it to you: you was born as Princess
Diana in Themyscira which is the island of the Amazon's where you were trained
until in 1939. You moved to the states where you fought against the fascist as
Wonder-woman and worked as Diana Prince until 1940 when you was caught by Ilsa
and you served her until 1942 when you was able to escape. But not for long
because you used that year to get your revenge until September 1st 1943 where
you surrendered yourself as a hostage to the Gestapo, in exchange for a large
number of Allied prisoners who scheduled to be executed.

Once the prisoners were safely across the Swiss boarder, you escaped the
fascist's interrogation Center, with ease and fled into the Black forest, where
you planned to rendezvous with your futuristic Amazon aircraft.  Although the
plane was not discernible to the naked eye or tracking devices, you prudently
aimed to stay out of antiaircraft range of the military facility. 

You circled through the dark, night forest, until you thrown her pursuers off
your track. And now, you were headed for your intended rendezvous point.
However, one pursuer, more determined, and clever, then the others, the
relentless, merciless: Commandant Dita Kramm, was not fooled by your maneuver
and taking a shorter rout headed you off before you reached your goal. And so
once she caught you then you had a little fight and that was when you was
arrested." Anne said as she rubbed Mandy's hair as the ponygirl placed her head
on Anne's chest and rested.

"Then what happened, Miss Anne?" Mandy asked and Anne saw that her ponygirl was
exhausted.

"Hilda was taken to a cell where she was kept for the rest of the day until Dita
came over that night and raped her. In the following days Hilda was under an
interrogation which also included all sorts of sadistic tortures until she
finely talked and from that day she was assigned demeaning tasks like: working
in the stables, cleaning the toilettes that would humiliate her and further
break her spirit. For now she had an even more dastardly goal in mind and she
finely reached that goal. A few months later she became the commandant's
protegee and she was dressed in: Black boots which came instead of her red and
gold. Brown skirt which was only one inch above her pussy and ass instead of her
once proud stared blue pants. A gray see-thru shirt with the symbol of the
fascists on her shoulders and on her heart instead of the red and gold bodice.
And the last change was that her hair was held in a bun instead of being free.
She served Dita until 1945 when Dita died in the expositions and Hilda was
liberated and then she rested for six months before she met: Gerda Von-Hipper
did I missed something until now Hilda?" Anne asked with a smile as she motioned
Milky and Mel (the new name that Anne gave Baby) to lick her.

Then as Mel Milky slowly began to lick Anne (like Anne trained her) so that Anne
will be able to focus as Hilda answered her: "no mistress." In the tone of a
little girl talking to her teacher.

Then just as Anne was about to continue, a strange looking woman got into the
tent with six ponygirls (2 blondes, 2 brunettes and 2 whose hair was honey like)
who five of them were dressed like Mandy and the last one was dressed like Mandy
used to be dressed in the corset before she got a black thong. All of them had a
rope attached to the ring that rested between their boobs, and then she came
closer to Anne shook her hand and said: "You are Anne right?"

"No I'm the main pony, Anne is out... OF COURSE I AM ANNE WHAT DO YOU THINK?
ONLY ANNE COULD BE DRESS LIKE THAT AND BE PROUD OF THE FACT THAT SHE HAS SUCH A
GREAT PONYGIRL SUCH AS MANDY. Now what do you want from me?" Anne suddenly asked
quietly as she shifted her moods from: calm to anger, to fury, to anger, and
calm again.

"I'm sorry for the stupid question." The woman apologized as she heard the
ponygirls giggling and then just as she was about to whip them, Anne said:
"touch them and you can leave MY tent. but if you would like that I'll buy them
then offer me something before the next races instead of my ponygirls who are
exhausted and can't move a single muscle and that's include Mandy here on my
chest." And that was when she took the ropes from the woman's hand.

"Well mistress Anne, I originally wanted to give them for you so if it is okay
by you then I'll introduce you to them: the name of the brunette with the
ponytail is Lora J. Johnson. The name of the brunette ponygirl with the free
hair is: Pia P. Sanders. The name of the blonde with the long hair is Carol W.
Montgomery. And the other blonde's name is: Lulu T. Peterson. The name of the
last one who wears a thong is: Donna-Joe Smith. And the name of the last
ponygirl is: Angel B. Clark. Now all of them were trained as general ponygirls
and are ready to b used by you." The woman said before she gave Anne a briefcase
with the information about the ponygirls and left the tent.

Then Anne stood up and led the leashed Milky and Mel (who by now became Anne's
favorite pets after Mandy) to where the new ponygirls stood and looked in the
eyes of the ponygirls after she sent "it" to sign them.

Then after a few seconds, Anne said: "that's impossible."

"What miss Anne?" Mandy asked.

"Those ponygirls worth more then 999,000,000$ each. You see Mandy: Pia, Lora,
Carol, Lulu, DJ and angel's fathers are a few of the richest oil tycoons while
their mothers own a few humongous corporations in media. In one year their
families get the amount of money that I said before and so I'm going to use them
to get money and no one will know that the money finely ends up in my hands. You
know it's funny: here I am, the no good bimbo who was discriminated because of
my look and lost those cases now own their daughters." Anne said as she hugged
Mandy who buried her face in Anne's round and firm right tit.

"Really? How can you be so sure that they will pay?" Mandy asked before she
removed Anne's blouse and began to kiss her mistress's belly and breasts.

"Yes they are and now they're mine and no one will save them from their fate...
you see their families will do everything for them which means that they will
give me a hand with the fixing of the ranch so that my ponygirls will be able to
talk thru their masks, right slaves?" Anne asked as she began to play with Pia's
nipples.

"Yes ma'am." The helpless ponygirls answered in unison.

Then after a little decision in which Anne offered the new ponygirls a deal, Pia
informed Anne who smiled as she heard the answer: "We will take the deal and do
whatever you would like us to, Mistress Anne." And then once "It" returned with
a number they secured the new ponygirls in place, Anne led them to the starting
line where she gave a little speech and they were going for the first round.

* * * * * * *
It has been 10:30 and the first break recess was about to begun when Simon
listened to Rosy and Baby's screams which began a few seconds ago after Sarit
led Alex (who spent the last 2.5 hours and still had another 4.5 hours to go as
she was used by her pupils who submitted themselves to Sarit's will) to Rosy's
office where they met with Rosy and Laurel Phillips who received Alex as her
slave.

Then for the next five minutes Rosy and Alex went under the table and as the two
mistresses talked on one side of the door, Simon set next to her desk and looked
at the "babies" who were tied by a pair of cuffs for a while and then as she
moved her head, she saw a strange ebony woman next to her table, and asked
quietly: "may I help you?"

"Yes, I'm looking for Simon Va-boom; do you know where I can find her?" The
woman replied as she looked at the cute secretary's hands.

"I'm Simon, what can I do for you?" Simon asked.

"I'm looking for my step-daughter." The woman replied.

"And who is that?" Simon asked.

"Sarit L. Smith." The woman answered.

"Are you Anne Smith?" Simon asked confused.

"No, I'm Latifa Smith. We just got married after the both of us realized that we
love each other to much and that we can't find anyone else, not to mention that
this was the ONLY way for me to get Anne's commitment to me since she is a
bustard and according to our religions she can't get married... and I have a
joint custody over Sarit so that's make me into her second step-mother... wait
that tattoo, I have one just like that but mine say: "Anne" when you're saying
Sarit." Latifa said as she showed Simon her wrist.

"Sarit told me that this is unique." Simon said.

"That tattoo is really unique because it is made to show LOVE, tell me does
Sarit have one?" Latifa replied.

"Yes, she is one with my name on it... on her hart and wrist." Simon replied.

"Then she really loves you Sim, because that means that she never keeps you in
her memory and in her heart... how old are you Simon?" Latifa asked.

"19" Simon asked and saw the big smile on Latifa's face.

"Tell me, why aren't you in collage?" Latifa asked.

"I'm a bustard Latifa, and that means that not only that I can't merry but it
also gives an excuse for not wanting me around." Simon replied.

"You need to talk with Anne... can you please give that package to Sarit?"
Latifa said as she handed her Simon a package and then she went to her car where
in the passenger seat was Tina who saw for the first time the light of day as
she was stuck in her "Skin" and had to where what she wore when she arrived to
Anne accept that now for farther humiliation she was forced to wear a diaper.

Then for the next hour or so, Latifa drove to the other side of town where she
grew up as she heard that her mother was there looking for her after she left
them when Latifa was at the age of three and wanted to have some sort of
connection with her daughter who refused to have any connection with her.

When the car stopped, Latifa went to see her mother as she rushed her sex doll
by pulling the necklace and once she got into the house then Latifa slapped her
mother so hard that she fell to the floor and then she asked: "what do you want,
Mariah?"

"I want my daughter back... I heard that you are with that Jew and I'm here to
take control over your life." Mariah said as she tried to get up but Latifa
kicked her back to the floor.

"THAT "JEW "AS YOU CALLED HER, DID MORE TO ME IN A YEAR THEN YOU DID TO ME SINCE
I WAS BORN. YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT THAT "JEW" WELL LETS TALK ABOUT HER: ANNE
HELPED ME TO GET A LAW DEGREE SO THAT I WILL BE ABLE TO WORK FOR MY LIVING AND
THAT I WANT BE SO DIPANDABLE, ANNE THEN TAUGHT ME THAT IF YOU WANT TO DO
SOMETHING THEN THE BEST THING IS TO DO IT YOURSELF. (if you will touch one of
her hairs then I will hurt you and I won't be the only one), THAT "JEW" WAS ALSO
ONE OF THE MAIN DONERS TO MAKE THIS NEIBORHOOD SAFE AGAIN AND YOU KNOW WHAT:
AFTER ANNE WAS GRECIOUS ENOUTH TO DO ALL OF THAT SHE ALSO PAID FOR MY FATHER'S
SURGERIES AND SHE IS STILL PAYING TO SUPPORT HIM." Latifa shouted at her mother
who tried to move but once again Latifa kicked her.

Then Latifa's grandmother said: "you know my dear daughter, I had to trick her
that she will arrive over here and unless it was for that "Jew" as you called
her: paid for my surgery and helped us more then once when we were in troubles
while you was no where to be seen on some crazy and\or dangerous crusade when
your daughter needed you the most. This "Jew" taught her what you had to like:
morals, standing and fighting for her rights and a few other things, and now
when that infant arrived over from Israel: Latifa became much happier woman then
what she was until now so Latifa: go with your lover and do not worry because
your mother knows perfectly that all of us are lesbians and so you don't need to
worry about the fact that Anne is a Jew and that your mother will hurt you, her
or anyone who lives in that ranch because then I'll make her life a living
hell."

"Thank you grandma." Latifa said as she kissed her granny before she left the
house to the mall to buy apples and honey for Anne and Sarit, and then as she
arrived back to the ranch she saw Anne who hugged and kissed her while she saw
Anne leading Milky and Baby out of the house after she placed the new ponygirls
in Mandy's room and then when Anne noticed Latifa she came closer to her and
gave "Boobsie" to her lover.

"How was your visit?" Anne asked Latifa.

"I can't tell you Anne, because if I will then it will hurt you and I can't do
that for someone like you." Latifa said apologizing and then she saw how Anne
hugged and kissed her.

"That's okay Lati, I won't pressure you." Anne said as Milky and baby began to
rub themselves on Anne's thighs like a pair of kittens just as the now redhead
Honey did her way and stood next to Anne who gave her a new uniform of servitude
and it didn't take long for her to put it on because there was pitifully little
to put on, only a pair of gray hose with red garters, impossibly uncomfortable
skyscraper heels, a tiny white maid's apron, that didn't quite reach the
juncture of her shapely thighs and a silly looking maid's cap.

Then Latifa took a picture to memories the re-birth of "honey homemaker" but now
as the naughty maid as she stood in humble submission as she now awaited Anne's
inspection, nervously wringing her hands, mortified beyond belief by her
demeaning outfit.  It was worse, incredibly worse, than being dressed in her
former outfit because now she was more exposed and she didn't had her mask to
provide her with protection and yet she could not run away as something powerful
held her there.

suddenly as Honey looked at Anne standing next to her with her: knee high boots,
tight white pants, black belt and the grey sleeveless shirt she understood that
she and her family were meant to be slaves, and that was when she decided to
start to cooperate with her mistress just like baby and Milky did and that was
when she marched next to Anne who put her hand on honey's swaying ass as they
took honey's younger sister (Milky) and honey's daughter (baby) to a walk as if
they were a pair of doggies as both wiggled their asses for the amusement of
Anne who after one kilometer began to play with honey's but-plug.

Meanwhile in another part of the ranch, Lisa and Mitzi took a little romantic
trip together as they attached a few of their ponysissies to a chariot and then
after they got into the chariot Mitzi's sister, Kitty (who became Lisa's second
kitty literally) took the reins and after she whipped the slaves, the chariot
began to move.

"What do you think about Sarit, Lisa?" Mitzi asked.

"I think that this little girl is an inspiration... first she lost her parents
and then though she was devastated and in pain, she could pull herself from the
grave that she was in, until she was able to manage a new life and to deal with
the suffering of her lost." Lisa answered with a smile as she held Mitzi's hand.

"But she had help, and maybe that is why she was successful, think about it Lis:
she had you, Kitty, me, Latifa and Anne to support her and pull her up... I
don't think that anyone in Sarit's situation was able to recover from those
blows without any help or support, don't you think so Lis?" Mitzi asked with a
smile before she kissed Lisa on her lips.

Then a few seconds later, after Mitzi broke the kiss Lisa answered: "I agree
with every word that you said about Sarit, BUT I think that Anne and Latifa's
contribution is bigger then hours because they were the ones who re-educated
her, while all we did is to listen to what Sarit had to say as we accepted her
into her close and paranoid... besides you need to remember that Sarit was
educated in Israel so that gives her a little edge that only Anne (from the
mistresses of this ranch) knows how to approach Sarit and speak to her without
scaring her or alarming her that what she is doing is a plot to trick her." Anne
replied.

"What do you mean by:" how to speak to Sarit without scaring her or alarming her
that what she is doing is a plot to trick her" Lisa, I do not understand?" Mitzi
asked and after Lisa explained to her she was shocked as she asked: "Really?
That is what she believes?"

"Unfortunately: the answer is yes with a capital Y... and there is nothing that
anyone can do about it accept for letting Sarit feel that she can trust us and
that we won't danger her." Lisa said with fear as she looked at Mitzi.

"What happened Lisa?" Mitzi asked.

"Will you leave me now?" Lisa asked.

"No way... the fact that you told me that only going to help me in order of
getting closer to Sarit, because I want to proof to her that she don't need to
fear me. but I don't think that this is the right time because if what you're
saying is true, then I really don't know her as much as I did and I didn't had a
clue that this is what she thinks so I think that I will wait until I will be
able to have a little chat with her... so I guess that for now I will leave her
alone until she will be able to trust me." Mitzi said smiling and gave Lisa
another kiss.

* * * * * * *
The hour now was 12:30 and Anne was in her play room as she just finished
putting the last slaves, Honey in her cage.

Anne's playroom was the biggest room in the farm, because there were a few lines
of cages across the wall (with 2-3 levels each) which were covered with heavy
blankets so heavy that the slaves could only be lifted by a machine so that the
slaves won't be able to know what Anne is doing, those blankets were lifted only
when Anne gave them food and water or when she came to take someone and as you
walked in, you could hear the whimpers and the sobs because ALL of the slaves
knew that there were no way out unless Anne wanted that they will do something.

In those cages Anne kept her personal slaves who were forced to be on their
hands and knees since the cages were very low, which included: Honey, Lisa
Lovelace and the former Prosecutor Jane, Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Tits,
Charlotte, Sherri, Christina, Barbie Dahl, Jen-Jen, Jennifer, Karen, Squealer,
Emily Johnson, Donna Stanton, Barbie, Barbara "Barbie" Derman, Brenda Davis,
Raven, Cheryl, Brandi, Melody , Muffee, cupcake, Barbie, Dolly-doll, Karol and
Moesha, Amber and her mother Lynn, JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl,
Patrice, Joy, Tiffany and Ursula, Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki
Bauer, the former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle,
Ingrid, Meredith Jane, Ellen, Scarlet, Lady-Jane, the ex Captain Judy Anderson
of the Capital City Vice Squad (AKA: piggy), the ex DA, Ulrica "slut" Wodden
(who is also known as: Valkie and Silver Valkyrie), the ex Appellate Court
Judge, Deirdre "tramp" Mainwaring (who is also known as: Justy and Justice lady)
and her aunt: Cynthia (who is also know as: Cynthia Lane and power miss), Ms.
Laurie "bimbo" White (who is also known as: Soapy and Supermom), Laurie's
daughter Betty "Ditzy" White (who is also known as: Dopey and Superlass) and her
mother: Bertha White (who is also known as: Granny and supergran), Hilda (who is
also know as: Wonder woman, Diana and Diana prince), Mandi, Cindy, Caitlin,
Brenda Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Jenny Black.

And there in the middle was a cage in which Anne kept: Mel and Milky, who could
see everything because their cage didn't had a blanket.

Then as the caged slaves looked at Anne, they saw her pulling the sobbing sack
next to her sex-balloon who now had a permanent collar which had a dog-tag with
the name: "April" on it and a bow which kept her hair of her face after Anne
removed her pink: thigh high boots, mask and opera gloves and today she dressed
her balloon in a pair of black 9" boots, harness made of ring and straps and
black leather hood which had a hole that her hair was pulled out from and was
teased into a ponytail which was held by a bright red ribbon so that her hair
was actually was made to be like a slave's hairstyle from the roman empire.

Then just as she wanted to open the sack with her new slave and to play with
her, when her cellular-phone rang and on the other side was Simon who said:
"hello, my name is Simon Va-boom and I'm talking from Phillipsberg High
School... May I speak with Anne Smith?"

"This is Anne Smith, are you the famous Simon who conquered the hart of Sarit?"
Anne asked as she motioned Darcie to follow her.

"Yes, I'm that Simon but I'm not sure about the conquering part." Simon replied.

"Yes Simon, what can I do for you?" Anne asked as she led her lovedoll.

"May I call you: Anne?" Simon asked.

"Sure, you can call me Anne." Anne answered as she lay on the top of Milky's
cage which was padded.

"Well Anne... (gulp) you see I love your daughter very much and I wanted to know
if I can move in with you... (gulp) you see I promise that I'll pay the rent and
help you with the housework, please Anne I have no where else to go as my
parents threw me out of the house because I'm in-love with Sarit so I was
wondering if you don't mind having another girl to join in?" Simon asked as she
crossed her fingers and prayed that Anne will agree.

"You don't need to worry Simon, as far as I am concern you can come over here
and be a part of our family, are there any questions that you won't me to
answer?" Anne asked smiling.

"Well yes there is, you see Anne... Sarit told me about her family and I got a
little confused about the ages of your family, so can you please help me?" Simon
asked a little afraid.

"Sure: my age is 25 and Latifa's age is the same as my age, my mother's age is
50 (you see she gave birth to me when she was very young) and Mitzi's age is
49.5 and Sarit is now 16 years old... how old are you Simon?" Anne asked as she
pressed on: "women", then "Lust" and then she pressed on: "adorations" before
she looked at the LoveDoll's eyes who switched from: vacant to lust as she
caught Anne's body and that was when the lovedoll walked to Anne before she
began to lick Anne's shoes.

"I'm 19 year old, Anne." Simon replied.

"Very well then, I will meet you at 15:45 when you will return over here with
Sarit, goodbye." Anne said as she pressed on "Oral" and looked how the lovedoll
slowly began to take of her pants and underwear before she began to lick her
pussy, and it seemed to her that Darcie liked it because whenever Darcie
finished Anne returned her a favor and so as she was trapped in this doll's
body, Darcie began to love being Anne's lovedoll.

Suddenly just as Anne got relaxed, she saw Mandy coming to her with what looked
like Tina but it couldn't be Tina because she just saw her out of her skin as
she was whipped by her mistress and the screams were bloodcurdling with every
stroke that the poor blonde received as a part of her now daily whipping.

Like Tina, this girl was looked as a blonde dummy until the last detail as she
also was dressed in: 7" pumps, black stockings, black fishnet stocking, red
evening gown which looked more like a sleeveless robe that was closed with a
diamond and showed the zipper in the front of her skin and her over sized
nipples and areolas, on her shoulders she had a fur coat, on her hands she had a
black opera gloves and in her left hand there was a clutch-beg and a pearl
bracelet, around her neck she had two pearl necklaces which one of them was used
as a leash to drag the dummy and on her head, like Tina the girl had a blonde
wig and a red hat with a veil which covered the tiny holes of her eyes so she
had problem in escaping.

Then Anne pressed once again on "oral" and she could see how her lovedoll was
frustrated as she wanted to please Anne in such a way that her mistress won't
have a choice but to return her a favor as she looked at the dummy and the anger
was visible in her eyes while Anne asked: "okay, who is that and what have you
done with Samantha?"

"Thing, answer Miss Anne's question!" Mandy ordered and the dummy immediately
began to talk with fear after she was tortured and abused non stop by her mother
after she curtsied obsequiously, if a little awkwardly, in anticipation of
serving her and as she talked Anne could see how her lips moved: "My name is
thing, that name was given to me by my beautiful and wise mother, Mandy, to
remind me that now after I saw the light in our life, mistress Anne, that I'm a
not important in compare to my beloved mother and her owner who is the most
important in my life."

Then after thing finished, Anne asked Mandy: "What have you done to her?"

"Well miss Anne, the first thing that I did was to work with professor Brigs on
a way to clean her mind... then after her mind was clear I used all kind of
methods to brake her will and the power to resist me like: shoving needles into
her skin, whipping and spanking her, humiliating her and a few other ways before
I re-educated her and now I've got an obedient slave who knows her place and
willing to give me what I deserve instead of all the attitude that she used to
have, right thing?" Mandy asked.

"Right mistress." Thing answered her mother after exactly one second and
received a slap.

"What was that for?" Anne asked.

"She didn't replied me fast enough miss Anne, you see I learned from my daughter
four very important lessons:

1. When your mistress talk to you, you MUST answer immediacy after she finished.
2. You have no brain to use, so don't give me a reason to believe that you are
using it.
3. As a slave you MUST to obey me.
4. Your mind, body and soul belong to me.

So you see mistress: What goes around comes around." Mandy concluded.

"Is it the same skin as Tina has?" Anne asked.

"Yes and no... you see mistress: it is the same type but she can open her mouth
and close it because it's not the same model. You see mistress:  Tina's skin is
much nicer them thing's but Latifa wants her to be quiet most of the time while
I on the other hand want to use her." Mandy said.

"Okay then, have fun with her but do keep in mind that I will keep an eye over
you." Anne informed Mandy as she once again pressed on the "Oral", and then as
her lovedoll began to work; Mandy took her toy to share her with her new
friends: Lora, Pia, Carol, Lulu, DJ and Angel who were glad in the fact that
they as a part of their new privileges were bed with sheets and regular cloths.

Meanwhile Simon just hang up the phone after she made another few calls and then
she went into Rosy's office where she found Sarit sitting at the principal's
chair, and thanks to the new table which had no modesty board on the front the
submissive secretary saw the once proud principal on her knees licking Sarit's
pussy as she was dressed in a ridicules costume which included: a hood, cape and
boots like batgirl had but that was when the connection ended as the humiliated
principal wore a diaper instead of the purple bodysuit and a slave bracelets to
decorate her hands.

A few minutes after Simon entered the room, Sarit said: "Stop slut!" and Simon
saw how Rosy stopped, put her hands on her tits and then she pushed them up as
she bowed her head until they touched each other and that was when she began to
lick and suck them loud enough so that her mistresses will be able to hear her
just like she was trained over the last six months, and then as Rosy helplessly
humiliated herself Sarit looked at Simon who closed the door and got naked:
"so... what did Anne said, pumpkin?"

"She agreed my love... I'm moving in today at quarter to four in, we are about
to have so much fun my love." Simon said with a smile as she locked the door
naked.

"So, that is a reason for a celebration... slut, pick up that phone and tell
Laurel to inform Ms. Tramp that I will remain here until 14:45 and that she will
tell Ms. Tramp to let her use her body and to release the class at 15:00 sharp."
Anne ordered as she gave Rosy the phone to the floor and as Rosy did as she was
told, Sarit asked Simon: "What kind of cloths do you have, my love? Please don't
be shy and give me the entire list."

"Everything that you bought me: thongs, crotchless thongs, crotchless panties,
cupless bras, laced bras, pumps, mules and a few other things, say Sarit: what
is your favorite song?" Simon asked.

"A song to peace, real one and not what we have." Sarit replied.

"Why?" Simon asked.

"That song speaks about the hope for peace in Israel... you see Simon there are
a lot of songs that talk about that hope BUT only one who speaks about it
without any mambo-jumbo as you Americans say." Sarit answered.

"And what about that song from the Eurovision?" Simon asked.

"That to." Sarit said as they're "baby" just hang the phone and that was when
Simon set on a chair and Rosy began to lick her.

* * * * * * *
the hour now was 15:45 and Anne watch television as Darcie licked her when the
show was cut with a braking news massage and then they saw the local anchor who
said: "Channel 69 News Anchor, Dyssi Daim here, with another breaking, news
flash. Forgive me, for saying so, but this is so sad as we just found out that
the death of Sarit Levi here was indeed a suicide bomb. Over six months ago we
brought you the story of this brave girl. As we announced: Sarit's parents were
killed in a mysterious bomb and Only Sarit never gave up against all odds. The
only one who Sarit got support from was a local lawyer called Anne Smith. We
would like to apologize for all the things that we said about her..." then Anne
closed the door and smiled.

The end of chapter 16.

The permissions:

1.  Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW and they are used with the author's permission.
2. Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW and used with the
author's permission.
3. Rosy was taken from the stories: "Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson"
by GW and being used with the author's permission.
4. Cynthia (power miss) was taken from the stories: Fraulein Power's Trophies,
Latin Holiday and "Fraulein Power" by GW she is used with the author's
permission and can be fined at his shelf on this site.
5. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: Bimbo Dot Com by MrGray
and used with his permission.
6. Brenda Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black
were taken from the story: What Men Look for in Women by
7. Barbie\Barbara Derman, Dr. Brigs, Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee and Karol + a
few of the outfits being used with Musker's permission.
8. The way that Liz Derman was dressed after Mona finished with her was taken
from the story: "The lab rat" by Musker.
9.  Moesha is used with Ted E. Bear's permission.
10. Charlotte, Sherri, Christina, Barbie Dahl, Jennifer (from the story: "Pool
party), Jennifer (from the story: Dear diary), Karen and Squealer are being used
with Parker's permission, that story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a
sequel to any of his stories and each outfit that parker's characters are
dressed in came from the stories that they were taken from.
11.  Cupcake, the new wardrobe that Anne wanted for Barbie and the way in which
Moesha was dressed were taken from the story: "Becoming cupcake" by the mayor of
Cherish and the way that she was dressed to the wedding is used with the
author's permission + this story is NOT a sequel.
12.  Donna Stanton, Emily Johnson, Jackie, Stacie Erickson, Cindy York, Joan
Halloway and her ponygirl: Brenda Davis are used with the permission of Jackpot,
this story is Not a sequel
13.  Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story
"Surrendering Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author:
Night_Writer and just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a
sequel to the story.
14.  The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
15.  Meredith Jane and Ellen Osborn as Green Goblinettes were taken from the
stories: " Green Goblin Strikes Back " and " Spider-girl - Sequel to Green
Goblin Strikes Back ", the way that Anne first saw Meredith Jane was taken from
the story " The Further Perils of Wonder Woman - Wonder Woman - Mistaken
Identity - Part 2 The Cat is Back" and the way that she saw Ellen was taken form
the story: " The Mansion with the Morphing Manifesto". All of the stories were
written by Steve Zink and used with his permission.
16.   the way in which Scarlet and Lady-Jane are dressed was taken from the
picture: : Gi Joe Slave Girls Temple.jpg and it is used with the painter's
permission in the Peter Temple.com templestudios@hotmail.com
17.  Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, in books
which are available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and also a few of the ideas were inspired by her comics and
it is used for MY personal use ONLY.
18.  Darcie was taken from the story: "return of the ultimate lovedolls" by
Vendatrix.
19. Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 16b&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;A direct continuance to chapter_16.&gt;

Author's Note: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading
if you are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy
and ALL of the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel
to any of the stories that I borrowed characters from, for example: Justy,
Granny and Valkie are names that I gave those characters.

Part_16b - Sarit's justice.

As Anne closed the door, she saw Simon and Sarit smiling as they heard the good
news. It was the only time in which Sarit didn't play and looked at her step
mother with a pleased look in her eyes as she said: "You did it Anne. Finely
after an entire year in which the Justice was far away, I'm finely can put my
past behind me and start a new life here in Empire-City."

"You welcome Sarit. I told you that good things come to those who wait, don't
you think so Simon?" Anne asked looking at the two teens.

"Yes I do Anne, may I ask you something?" Simon asked as she looked quite
nervously at Anne.

"What?" Anne asked.

"Well, Sarit told me that there are two kinds of Jews: "Franks" and Ashkenazim
and I wanted to know what the difference is?" Simon asked.

"Well Simon: Ashkenazim are Jews who arrived from the western and the eastern
part of Europe who have family names which sounds Europeans, while "Franks" are
Jews who came from one of the three:

1. Areas which were ruled by the Ottoman Empire.
2. People who lived in Spain until 1492.
3. People who were born in countries in the Middle East.

Now, the "franks" and the Ashkenazim may be part of the same religion BUT they
live a separate lives and the way in which they pray are different." Anne
replied.

"What do you mean, Anne?" Simon asked.

"I mean that if for example I'm a "frank" and Latifa is Ashkenazi, then I pray
in one way and Latifa pray in another, thou we both use a sidur." Anne
explained.

"What is a sidur, Anne?" Latifa asked.

"Sidur is a book in which all of the prays can be found. For example when my
parents came to their last resting place we had a problem because I'm an only
child and since I'm not a boy\man then I couldn't read the prays..." Sarit
answered.

"Well then Sarit: it's time to celebrate and not to cry." Anne said as she led
the three other women to her car and drove to a restaurant.

The end of Chapter_16B.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 17&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Anne in her playroom, Latifa and Pinky, Anne's guest, Sarit's friends, Anne's
new slave,

Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to any of
the stories that I borrowed characters from, for example: Justy, Granny and
Valkie are names that I gave those characters.

2. ALL of the characters named in the different permission's section are owned
by the author\artist who I borrowed them from and if anyone wants to use them
then he\she MUST to get written permission from the original author\artist.

Part_17 - It's good to be me.

It was 08:00 when Anne was resting in her playroom. Between her legs, Anne had
Milky who licked her pussy, while on her part Anne looked at her right side
where she saw granny, dopey, and Justy who has always in that hour raped the
collared Soapy while Chimp (who was formerly know as Valkie) was dressed in her
chauffer's uniform and humiliated herself by acting like a monkey.

Then Anne looked at her right where she saw Moesha who was dressed in a pair of
bright red 6" leather boots, tight bright red leather pants and an half cup
bright leather bra as she was walking to her former cage and took Monique out of
there. Moesha though still afraid of Anne just loved her new life as for the
first time in years she was allowed to make a decisions and got the support of
her mistress, instead of being used as a sex freak like she was in her former
life form as "Barbie doll" as she was known then was killed and now all she was
left with was her first name and a reminded of her life as a doll. And so her
new name was: Moesha B. Doll, which she hated more then anything.

Then just as Anne was about to fall asleep, she saw Latifa coming into the room
with a fresh bandage in her left hand and a bottle in the other. Once Latifa was
close enough she slowly bent down and removed the bandage from Anne's hand as
she said: "How could you let that happen?"

"What can I say Latifa? I worked when on the computer when my skin suddenly blew
up." Anne answered as Latifa finished removing her bandage.

"How all the strangest things happen to you?" Latifa asked.

"Who knows? Maybe I am blessed." Anne replied.

"Blessed? You are calling having a hole in your finger at the size of Lake
Michigan being blessed?" Latifa asked.

"Yes, I have now time to think about a few things." Anne replied.

"Like what?" Latifa asked.

"Like how I love you, and how fun it was to capture pinky." Anne replied.

"How did you capture her?" Latifa asked.

"Well as you know: I kidnapped her with mom. I still remember how she screamed
and fought me when I shoved that broomstick into her ass, you should have seen
her because she was so cute." Anne said.

"I can imagine it." Latifa answered as she finished putting the bandage on
Anne's finger.

"Say Lati, what would you say about having another slave?" Anne asked with a
smile.

"I would love to." Latifa said as she stood up.

"How does Sarit and Simon?" Anne asked.

"They partied all night. Now after the truth finely was told, Sarit is showing a
softer side and who knows: maybe she will even learn to trust Mitzi and me, what
do you think?" Latifa asked.

"I'm sure that you are right. But she needs time to learn all that she can about
her new life so don't rush her." Anne answered as Latifa left the room to fine
Tina.

Then when she was alone, Anne stood up and led Milky to her computer as the ex:
mother sister and aunt crawled on her hands and knees. Once they got to the
table, Anne told Milky: "Okay, that is what about to happen: I'm going to work
on the computer and to see if some of my favorite stories were updated. And you
are about to be under the table licking me."

Then as Anne slowly moved the chair and set down, Milky obediently went under
the table and began to lick her mistress while Anne began to go to her favorite
sites until she had enough and then she logged of the internet and went to her
photo-program which was set on her collection which included pictures of all of
her slaves in folders.

Meanwhile in another room, Sarit and Simon woke up and decided to play with
their slave so they took her out of the cage. Then after she was out Sarit said:
"you know Simon; maybe we can have her trained to be a general-slave. It would
be so great to have this bitch working her ass as our slave, don't you think
so?"

"What is a general-slave?" Simon asked.

"The new version or the old version?" Sarit asked.

"The new one." Simon replied.

"Well, a general slave used to be a slave who can be used for more then one
things. But in Rosy's case: she is a sex slave and so I think that this can be
the basic." Sarit said.

"Agreed." Simon said as they dragged her into the school, and once she was in
they returned to bed.

* * * * * * *
It's been a few hours since Latifa left the room, and Anne now forced the
families to take part of a race. When that race began, Honey and Soapy were tied
to a bed with a leg-spreader as their daughters were forced to fuck their
pussies with the biggest strap-on Dildos that Anne could fine while baby still
used her tongue, but now she worked on Granny who was milked.

The machine was loud enough so that Anne was able to here it goes: "skwort...
squirt... split... suck... suck... suck... skwort... squirt... suck... suck...
suck..." and it was so painful on granny's tits (which were sore from the
torment) that Anne could here are scream through her gag.

Then after she calmed down and Darcie finished working in her pussy, she saw
Sarit and Simon with two brunettes coming to where she was. Once the girls were
close to Anne, Sarit said: "Anne, I want you to meet Simon's sisters: "riddle"
and "subliminal". We call them like that because Subliminal have the ability to
know what other people think of her."

"Nice can you prove it?" Enigma said as Anne looked on shocked because that was
exactly what she wanted to say.

"Two things subliminal:

1. Don't do that again.
2. I like you.

And why do you call her 'Enigma'?" Anne asked as she pressed "orgasm" on
Darcie's remote and looked as the lovedoll began to moan and pent.

"Enigma can solve difficult problems." Sarit answered.

"We will see about that. Tell me Enigma: what walks on two and as another who
walks on four?" Anne asked.

"Don't you know any tougher riddles, Miss Smith? The answer to that riddle is
simple: a mistress with a pet-slave." Enigma replied.

"I'll think of something." Anne said.

"You see ma, my friends were kicked out of the house because they were too
gifted. Their parents believed that they were too dangerous and gifted for their
own good so they need a place to live in." Sarit said.

"Please let us live here, Miss Smith. We have no where else to go." Enigma said.

"Yes Miss Smith. I'm sorry for the way that I acted with you; it's just that I
thought that you would like to know what I'm capable of." Subliminal answered.

"Okay, what are you true names?" Anne asked.

"I'm Nina." Enigma answered.

"And I'm Susan." Subliminal said.

"Does your stuff here?" Anne asked.

"Yes Miss Smith." Enigma said.

"Are you twins?" Anne suddenly asked.

"Yes Miss Smith. But we are not identical twins." Subliminal answered.

"First of all if you are about to live here then you'll call me by my first
name." Anne said.

"And what's that?" Enigma asked.

"Anne." Subliminal whispered to her younger daughter.

"You may live here, now please leave this room, I have a few things to do with
Darcie here." Anne said and the four teens immediately ran out of the room
before Anne could change her mind.

As the four teens left the room, Anne looked at Granny before she heard a noise
and turned around. Once Anne was with her face to the door, she saw Barbie
coming into the room dressed in: 7" pumps which were locked on her ankles, black
fishnet stockings with attached Black garters, Black spaghetti mini-dress which
only reached 2" under the edge of her pussy and 1" under the edge of her ass,
BUT it did had lots of cleavage and a collar.

Other then that Barbie's hair was slicked back but it was tangled and messed as
she just finished another porn movie in which she serviced 3 men who abused her
holes. Barbie's face supported a new makeup which included: white powder which
made her face look like a ghost, very bright and shiny red lipstick, pink round
of rouge for each cheek, midnight blue eyeshadow, black mascara, her eyes were
rimmed in heavy black eyeliner with extremely long bleached lashes, and her dark
eyebrows were tweezed thin and in high arches.

Then Anne stood up and walked to where Barbie was. Once Anne was close enough
she saw that Barbie's makeup was smeared so she said while taunting the helpless
girl: "Barbie, I always knew that you are a bimbo material. You see now when
professor Brigs took 2 years of sabbatical then I'm going to use you to the
limit of your abilities." Anne said.

"Like, you're a slut... *giggle* Anne." Barbie tried to insult Anne.

"That is a possibility. But then I'm not the one selling my body, that job is
yours." Anne answered.

"Like, I like sex and stuff (sob), but more then that I kinda like the paper
thingy. If I kinda get 'nough then y'll have to like give my DT to me so that I
will be smarty then you." Barbie said smiling as she saw Anne smiling.

Then after writing something in her notebook Anne cooed: "say Barbie: what is
your IQ now? Are you as smart as you used to be? Honestly I don't believe that
it could be higher then 10 points."

Normally the old Barbara Derman saw that as an insult. But now after the mind
modification that she went thru to become: Barbie just twirled her hair as she
stared at Anne's tits with a dumb, slutty grin permanently on her face whenever
she saw them. This pair of melons worked like a magic as they were always able
to somehow give the now brainless bimbo the urge to do what Anne told her and to
accept her new life as the dumbest bimbo around.

"No, me like smarty and stuff. Me always smarty then Anne... (Giggle)..." Barbie
said, after she remembered to answer.

"Darcie, Barbie here is to dumb to get naked. So if you want to experience the
most significant orgasm in your miserable life then please help her to strip."
Anne said as she stopped Darcie's enjoyment and saw how the furious lovedoll
began to strip Barbie before she grabbed her by her hear and led her to her
cage.

Once Darcie finished her task, Anne pressed on the remote to the vibrator in her
pussy and the one which controlled her mind: Darcie experienced what Anne
called: "the major one" while Anne put Barbie in a lesbian gang-bang and forced
her to serve all of the seventy plus slaves. Then as both the lovedoll and the
bimbo were busy Anne fixed the sign on the door with the help of Milky's
assistant to: "here lives Anne's dolls: Anne's coeds, Honey, and her daughter
Mel, Milky-Milk, Lisa "Liz" Lovelace and the former Prosecutor Jane "dummy"
Malone, Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Tits, Charlotte, Sherri, Christina, Barbie
Dahl, Jen-Jen, Jennifer, Karen, Squealer, Emily Johnson, Donna Stanton, Barbara
"Barbie" Derman, Brenda Davis, Raven, Cheryl, Brandi, Melody , Muffee, cupcake,
Sarah "Barbie-doll" Phillipsberg, Karol, Moesha Doll, Amber and her mother Lynn,
JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy, Tiffany and Ursula,
Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the former Mother Maccabeus,
Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid, Meredith Jane, Ellen, Scarlet,
Lady-Jane, "It", Bambi-doe, Cynthia "fetish" Jones, Megen "slave M" Mahoney,
Patrice, the ex Captain Judy Anderson of the Capital City Vice Squad (AKA:
piggy), the ex DA, Ulrica "slut" Wodden (who is also known as: Valkie and Silver
Valkyrie), the ex Appellate Court Judge, Deirdre "tramp" Mainwaring (who is also
known as: Justy and Justice lady) and her aunt: Cynthia (who is also know as:
Cynthia Lane and power miss), Ms. Laurie "bimbo" White (who is also known as:
Soapy and Supermom), Laurie's daughter Betty "Ditzy" White (who is also known
as: Dopey and Superlass) and her mother: Bertha White (who is also known as:
Granny and supergran), Hilda Kramm (who is also know as: Wonder woman, Diana and
Diana prince), Mandi, Cindy, Caitlin, Brenda "Candy" Williams, and her daughter
Jane "Mindy" Williams and ex detective Jenny "Bimbo-slut" Black."

Meanwhile in another room, Latifa talked with Pinky while Tina licked her shoes.

"Do you know who I am?" Latifa asked.

"No mistress, I was locked at that awful cage in the basement until now." Pinky
replied.

"I am Latifa and I'm Anne's wife and housewife." Latifa replied.

"Who is Anne?" Pinky asked trying to remember.

"Anne is the blonde woman who "show you the light" a few years ago." Latifa
replied.

"Showed me the light? That bitch kidnapped me and kept me locked in the cage. My
hands were tied behind my back and a broomstick rested in my ass." Pinky said.

"I know. She only got better since. You may say that Anne was gentle with, but I
won't... you see I like Lisa and I know everything." Latifa said.

"I had no choice." Pinky said.

"Yes you did. You could have refuse and not join that sorority at the expans of
your best friend who loved you." Latifa said.

"Yes, you are right... but you don't know everything." Pinky asked.

"Like what?" Latifa asked.

"I'll only tell you if you will let me go." Pinky replied with a smile.

"No I'm not going to let you go. But you on the other hand is about to tell me
everything that I would like to know." Latifa said as Pinky smile vanished.

"Or what?" Pinky asked.

"Or else I will have to show you that in compare to me, Anne is a saint. You see
I was one of the people who taught Anne who taught Anne how to punish her
slaves, right slut?" Latifa asked Tina who shook her head violently, while her
mistress went and closed the door.

* * * * * *
"Welcome to my humble home, Rachel white cloud." Anne said as she greeted her
Indian friend.

"Humble? No Anne, my tent is what you may call Humble. This place can be
declared as a reservation with enough Indians. And you know what: I talked with
the women in the reservation and since we are the only one who survived then we
want to live here under your protection as I see that you know how to bend the
law to please your will, Mistress Anne." Rachel answered.

"First of all: NEVER CALL ME MISTRESS ANNE IN PUBLIC, and funny. Since when do
you have a sense of humor?" Anne asked Rachel after she specifically pointed the
mistress point.

"That's not funny Anne. I always had a sense of humor." Rachel said.

"Then you won't mind telling me a joke. Won't you?" Anne said.

"Very well Anne: Some husband tells his wife to go and get him a chainsaw."
Rachel said.

"I don't seem to know that one, please continue." Anne said.

"So the wife goes to the hardware store and tells the clerk that she needs a
chainsaw. The clerk looking at her and after a few seconds saying: "I do not
have a chainsaw but I have a parrot." As he is showing her the parrot. So the
wife ask him: "what can this parrot do?" and he answer while releasing the
parrot from the cage: "This is a very special parrot, miss. You will tell him to
cut something and he will do that." But the wife don't buy that story." Rachel
said before she took a glass of water and drank.

"Then what happened?" Anne asked.

"The clerk said: "parrot to the table!" and once he finished, the parrot flew to
the table, stuck his beak in the table and that was split into to equal parts.
Then after the clerk showed her the same process on other furniture, the happy
wife bought the parrot and took him to her home. Later that evening, they when
the husband came h had a little chat with the wife who according to that:

'Well, did you got me the chainsaw that I requested?' the husband asked.

'No I did not. But I did bought you a parrot.' The wife answered so the husband
is telling her: 'What parrot? Parrot on my pines!"..." And that was when Rachel
finished the joke, with Anne on the floor laughing for a few minutes as Rachel
went to build her tent in one of the farthest point of the ranch.

Once Anne calmed down she looked at her newest slave. This girl was dressed like
batgirl with: purple spike boots, purple shirt with a golden bet symbol, a cape
and a hood. But this was the only connection as this girl had a diaper instead
of her pants, slave-bracelet on each hand which were connected by a silver chain
and a leg spreader.

Then as Anne got closer to her captive, the helpless girl said: "please, there
must be a mistake. I'm not batgirl... I only went that way to a costume
competition, please let me go." The helpless girl said.

"I know that you are not batgirl. Your name is Betsy B. Montgomery and you're
the daughter of one of the "most important financial advisor" who was one of the
people who were responsible for the lost of my beloved license. So I decided to
change your name into: babybat... However slut, you aren't going to fight crime
because you are way to dumb for it and no slave of mine will be good for our
society." Anne informed the helpless girl while another woman came into the
room. Once the woman was close to Anne, she asked her: "what do you want from
me, Miss Smith? I already paid the price of loosing my parlor." The woman said
as she put her table next to the squirming Betsy who tried to get free from her
bondage.

"Well thing because I own: you and your salon for piercing and tattoos then I
decided that you'll work extra hard as my slave so that I won't loose money. You
see slave: I'm your mistress so you will do whatever I told you in that note.
Now slave, I want you to do as this list tells you and don't dare to forget a
simple thing because the way for a lesbian gang-bang is shorted then what you
think." Anne warned her slave before going out of the room.

Once Anne left the room, slave took a pare of scissors and removed babybat's
shirt. Once the shirt was cut into shreds, slave took a needle out of her beg
and shoved it all the way across babybat's right nipple before she did the same
to the other nipple, and then after she finished slave removed the diaper and
shaved babybat's pussy.

Once poor babybat's pussy was shaved, slave began to stuck pins across babybat's
pussy lips and clit. When slave finished, she took a serenade and informed the
helpless babybat: "one of the orders on the paper was two inject a silicone into
your lovely: cunt, lips and boobs." And that was when she began to inject the
silicone.

The end of chapter 17.

The permissions:

1.  Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW and they are used with the author's permission.
2. Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW and used with the
author's permission.
3. Rosy was taken from the stories: "Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson"
by GW and being used with the author's permission.
4. Cynthia (power miss) was taken from the stories: Fraulein Power's Trophies,
Latin Holiday and "Fraulein Power" by GW she is used with the author's
permission and can be fined at his shelf on this site.
5. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: Bimbo Dot Com by MrGray
and used with his permission.
6. Brenda Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black
were taken from the story: What Men Look for in Women by
7. Barbie\Barbara Derman, Dr. Brigs, Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee and Karol + a
few of the outfits being used with Musker's permission.
8. The way that Liz Derman was dressed after Mona finished with her was taken
from the story: "The lab rat" by Musker.
9.  Moesha is used with Ted E. Bear's permission.
10. Charlotte, Sherri, Christina, Barbie Dahl, Jennifer (from the story: "Pool
party), Jennifer (from the story: Dear diary), Karen and Squealer are being used
with Parker's permission, that story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a
sequel to any of his stories and each outfit that parker's characters are
dressed in came from the stories that they were taken from.
11.  Cupcake, the new wardrobe that Anne wanted for Barbie and the way in which
Moesha was dressed were taken from the story: "Becoming cupcake" by the mayor of
Cherish and the way that she was dressed to the wedding is used with the
author's permission + this story is NOT a sequel.
12.  Donna Stanton, Emily Johnson, Jackie, Stacie Erickson, Cindy York, Joan
Halloway and her ponygirl: Brenda Davis are used with the permission of Jackpot,
this story is Not a sequel
13.  Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story
"Surrendering Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author:
Night_Writer and just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a
sequel to the story.
14.  The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
15.  Meredith Jane and Ellen Osborn as Green Goblinettes were taken from the
stories: " Green Goblin Strikes Back " and " Spider-girl - Sequel to Green
Goblin Strikes Back "
16. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, in books
which are available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and also a few of the ideas were inspired by her comics and
it is used for MY personal use ONLY.
17.  Darcie was taken from the story: "return of the ultimate lovedolls" by
Vendatrix.
18. Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 18&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Shopping with the slaves,&gt;

Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to any of
the stories that I borrowed characters from, for example: Justy, Granny and
Valkie are names that I gave those characters.

2. ALL of the characters named in the different permission's section are owned
by the author\artist who I borrowed them from and if anyone wants to use them
then he\she MUST to get written permission from the original author\artist.

Part_18

'How could Mistress Anne do this to me? I always been a loyal slave, and now
when our special day arrived she bring her new slave, Misty, with us. It's not
fare.' Moesha thought as she held the leash of Milky who crawled naked and
wiggled her ass while their mistress held the hand of the new slave. Misty was
actually a young man who Anne bought 24 hours ago and was still dressed in the
outfit which he was brought to the ranch, which included: pink 5" female boots,
a pair of pink sheer stockings with an attached black garter belt, g-string, a
pair of white opera gloves, black collar and a bow to keep his long hair out of
his face.

Other then that each of the new slave's also had a piercing in his: nipples,
eyebrows, ears and nose.

Then as they got to the elevators, Anne led them to an elevator with the sign:
"for members only". Once they were inside, Misty tried to reason with his
mistress: "please mistress, I promise you that if you will let me go then I want
say anything.", but it didn't work because the only respond that he got was a
laugh.

"Do you think that I spent all of this money on you to let you go?" Anne asked
as she shoved a knee into his balls. Then as Misty screamed, Anne removed the
knee and the helpless slave dropped to his knees while Moesha pressed on a
button which said: -4: the real mall. Once the elevator stopped, Anne and her
slaves went out of the room but they were stopped by a guard who wanted to see
Anne's membership card.

Then once Anne finished with guard, she led her slaves to a sign which said:
'all deals must be closed with neither a blow-job nor a pussy licking. All the
stores in this part of the mall do not accept: credit, cheque or cash, so please
get your slave.', and that was when Anne said: "from now on Misty, you will be
the payment. You see I know all about the way that he couple who owned you used
to deal with you so be ready. Now I'm not going to turn you into a woman or
sissify you, what I do plan on is to turn you into: "thing" and we'll start
today with shaving your ENTIRE head until it'll be as bold as a rock." As she
grabbed one of his hands and ran with him and the two women to a beauty parlor.

Once in the parlor, a woman who was about Anne's age kissed her cheek and said:
"welcome back Miss Smith. What can I do for you and for your slaves today?"

"Well, I need a haircut. Moesha needs her usual style and Milky needs to have
her brands shortened and Misty here came for the full head exchange so I want
you to remove ALL of his hair from the: eyebrows, eyelashes and hair with the
laser so that it won't grow again, and when he'll be ready please give him the
tattoo that we gave Stephanie. Now, Misty agreed to be the payment so please has
another thirty minutes to use them after he will be ready. But please try to
make it as fast as possible." Anne said, and just as she finished two men came
and took Misty while Milky and remained next to her, and once Milky was ready
then she crawled under Anne and began to lick her pussy as they waited an entire
hour for Misty.

Meanwhile in the other part of the country, Betsy's father received a package
with a note which said:

"Dear daddy.

I just wanted to tell you that I'm fine but I have bad news. You see father:
after the party that I went to last Halloween, I was kidnapped and now I'm
nothing but a slave.

Here are a few photos to show you that I'm fine.

Love you and ma - slave Babybat."

Then he opened the package and saw that there were a few pictures, and a tape.

He looked at the first picture, and there was his beautiful girl completely
naked. From her look it was clear to him that she was either crying or was used
as a sex thing. Suddenly he had a feeling that he knows the way that the girl
was dressed but it couldn't be, the first one died a few years ago and ONLY that
slave, what was her name? Ho yes: Rachel Smith, who escaped from him, knew about
that but he knew that it was impossible because Rachel was a submissive.

But that was an accurate copy of his "late" slave, and he knew that if Rachel
was behind it then someone had to help her. Then after he came around from the
shock and each showed his daughter in a new position which reminded him of the
"late" slave.

* * * * * * * * * *
Anne just finished to check her e-mails and was very pleased as one of the
authors who she loved their work answered her:

"Hi Anne,

It is not easy for me to answer such a generous e-mail such as yours. You see
all I got until now is harsh criticism from a few people. I'm glad that you
enjoyed my story but the last chapter that I published was the latest chapter of
my story. You know Anne; you have great ideas for stories so why won't you try
to write a story by yourself? I know that it may be hard for you, but you must
try because your ideas are not that bad and if you would like then I'll help
you.

From what I understood you like my story and I wanted to ask you two things:

1. Why?
2. Which character did you liked the most?

Regards - Enigma."

While their mistress checked her e-mails, Moesha and Milky decided to play
dressing with Misty. So the first thing that the two women took was the rubber
hood with Zipper that Anne bought, and while Moesha tied the ropes after placing
it on Misty's head Milky placed a fingerless opera gloves on his hands.

The next thing that Moesha placed on him was a slave-bracelet on his wrists
while Milky did the same to his legs. Once the slave-bracelets on his wrists
were placed, Moesha attached them to a chain before she forced them into a
single sleeve while Milky placed the notorious chastity belt and cage (but not
like the slaves of Mitzi and Lisa, his dick was puny so that it will be easier
with the g-string that he wore now), then Anne came with a posture collar who
bore a dog's tag which said: "Thing" and secured it over his stiff neck before
the three women shoved him into the trunk.

After "thing" was locked in the trunk: Anne and Milky got into the backseat of
the limousine where Milky began to lick her mistress, and she was very excited
after Anne placed a brand new collar around her neck which said:

"Name: Milky-Milk.
Owner: Anne Smith
Number: 8975-98
Uses: general slave.
Specialties: pet-girl."

Meanwhile Moesha set next to Valkie, and looked at the view while the helpless
chuffer drove away hoping that Anne won't humiliate her as she began to itch
from the bites of the flees.

The end of part 18.

The permissions.

1. Lynn "Milky" Kravitz (sorry for the mistake at the last chapter) was created
and owned by Rebecca, in books which are available from eroscomix.com and
rebeccahap.com also housewivesatplay.net and also a few of the ideas were
inspired by her comics and it is used for MY personal use ONLY.
2. Moesha is used with Ted E. Bear's permission.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 19&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;A-10's arrival.&gt;

Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to any of
the stories that I borrowed characters from, for example: Justy, Granny and
Valkie are names that I gave those characters.

2. ALL of the characters named in the different permission's section are owned
by the author\artist who I borrowed them from and if anyone wants to use them
then he\she MUST to get written permission from the original author\artist.

3. I will take a little break from that story after this chapter, but there will
be a continue in a while.

Part_19 - A-10

"So Moesha, when a-10 will arrive here?" Anne asked Mandy as they ate breakfast
with thing serving.

"In one hour Miss Anne." Mandy replied.

"What is a-10?" Sarit asked.

"That's not the right question, Sarit." Anne replied.

"Then what is the right question?" Simon asked.

"Who is a-10?" Subliminal answered.

"Does she right?" riddle asked.

"Yes she does. You see girl A-10 is a slave who used to be a former
district-attorney who was found guilty in offenses like: taking brides,
tempering with evidences, giving brides to judges and a few other ethic
offences. They are called in the first letter of their name, for example: "A"
and in the number of years that they must be like that, for example: "10". From
here comes the name: A-10, any questions?" Anne asked.

"Yes Anne, I have three:

1. How they look?
2. What they can be used for?
3. How do you move them from one place to the other?

Sorry if they are to hard for you." Latifa said as she looked at Anne.

"Well Latifa: most of them are dressed in a catsuit which the right half is
white, and the other is black. Most of them as a collar and slave-bracelets
which became a part of their new body after the incorporation. The incorporation
is when the outfit takes over what used to be their bodies and changes them.
Other then that each girl have a different set of eyes.

Once the incorporation is complete, the owner can use them in whatever way that
he\she desires. There is no certain way of telling you that the slave won't try
to resist but she works on voice commands so that even people with 5 or less IQ
points will be able to control them. And for the last question: they must be in
the trunk of the car if you are the mistress and you are walking on a trip."
Anne explained.

"Can they be free?" riddle asked.

"Subliminal will answer this question." Anne said, and as she relaxed she was
able to feel how subliminal scanned her mind.

"No they can't. you see Rid, Anne's friend was able to make sure that the outfit
will never be removed from A-10 and now after Anne bought her then she is
basically being owned by Anne." Subliminal said before they finished eating.

"By the way Sarit, the check for you arrived. And it seems that your allowance
as a terrorist victim as increased by two percents because the check stood on:
445$ which is not much. But since you live with me and I give you a financial
back then you have no problem. Now just so you'll know: I told Lillith to put
the check in your trusting fund which is now stands on: 50,000,000$ which I
placed in your name since you've arrived to help you in the future." Anne said
as they stood up and then as Anne Latifa went to do what they wanted while the
four teens went to their business.

Then after everyone went out of the room accept for Moesha, she went to thing
and looked VERY upset with him as she put her hands on her red thong. Once she
stood behind him, she asked: "what was it that you told Miss Anne about me?"
with a tone that was full of rage.

"Nothing Mistress Mandy." Thing answered but he was slapped.

"Never call me: Mistress Mandy in public again or else I will talk with mistress
Moesha. Do you want Miss Anne to catch me? Believe me that if something will
happen to us then we are planning on using you as plan B... So in other words:
don't even think about dressing to us like that when Miss Anne is awake. By the
way Moesha told me that she will show you a few things that she learned when she
was the sex-freak of the gang and believe me that you won't like it. Now
remember that we know a secret about you, so move your ass and start to lick my
shoes!" Mandy ordered and the helpless thing did as he was told.

* * * * * * *
Anne just finished visiting her favorite sites when she got into her outlook
express, and received the next e-mail:

 "Dear Anne.

I don't know ho you got this address that you wrote to me about. I never posted
it and I don't think that there was a way that for you to fined out. I am happy
to hear that you liked the story and I was shocked to hear that my story: "a
blast from the past." Was based on your life. When I wrote that story I never
thought anyone lived this kind of miserable life and that it was only a story,
but I am very happy to hear that you liked it.

Regards - Oz."

Then as Anne finished writing a reply, A-10 began to oral massage her feat when
the door opened and Subliminal got into the room. A few seconds later after she
set infront of Anne, subliminal said: "Miss Anne, I have a problem. You see, I
understand that you used to be a lawyer and I wanted to ask you if you have ANY
advices to me?"

"Well I read your papers and since we live in the US, then my advice to you is
to go to: "the bill of rights" and use amendments: 5,6,7 and 8 which might be
useful for you. Now if you'll excuse me I need to introduce K-9 to her friends."
Anne said and then Subliminal left the room after she hugged and kissed Anne.

Once Anne left her office, she caught poor granny who returned home from another
wild night on the town trying to enter the playroom which was locked. So she
went back into the office and after attaching a leash to K-9, she led her from
behind granny. Then when they were right behind the old woman, Anne said as K-9
pulled the back side of her skirt up: "hi granny, why did you tried to enter
without going through the office?" as she began to spank her for 2 minutes in
which the helpless whore begged for mercy.

Two minutes later, Anne ordered: "strip!" and like the obedient slave that she
was, Granny striped until she was barefoot and naked, while Anne opened the
door. Once she was naked and stood helplessly infront of Anne, k-9 shoved her
into the room (just like Anne told her), and then she dropped to her hands and
knees and took Anne in as she rode on the slave.

The end of Chapter_19.

The permissions:

1. Granny was taken from the stories: Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's
Distress, Super Halloween, Silver Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day,
Morganna's Clinic and Super Retribution by GW and they are used with the
author's permission.
2. Moesha is used with Ted E. Bear's permission.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 20&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Anne getting new powers with the help of her secret weapon: thing.&gt;

Author's Note:

   1.  The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you
are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and
ALL of the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to
any of the stories that I borrowed characters from.

2. ALL of the characters named in the different permission's section are owned
by the author\artist who I borrowed them from and if anyone wants to use them
then he\she MUST to get written permission from the original author\artist.

3. All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca,
in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net.

4. The picture in this story is owned by GW and used with Permission.

Part_20 - Anne's talent.

"Thing, thing, thing... I just finished reading all of the paper work that your
former mistress sent me (and I also finished watching all of the movies), and I
have to say that I never understood what a slut I own. According to the
information in the book: you had more sex in one year then what my mother had
when she was a slave, not only that but all of your clients were men who agreed
to spend 20 billion dollars to be with you and I want it. You see, thing in the
report I saw that you used to have a personal trainer who fucked you so much
until you lost the will to be with women, am I right?" Anne asked as she looked
at the helpless thing who wore: white pair of stockings, black garter belt, a
pair of pink panties with a rainbow printed on his back while the word: 'Love'
tattooed on his left thigh while the word: 'slave' was tattooed on his right
thigh (both visible through the garter belt as they were not covered by the
garter belt or the stockings), a tiny apron, a sign which was hang from his
ringed nipples which said: 'My name is thing. I once used to be a man but after
I drank the milk of: "Milky milk inc.", I lost my manhood and turned into a
submissive sissy.', a pair of pink opera gloves, red slave-bracelet on each
wrist which was linked by a chain to a pipe over his head, bright red lipstick
was smeared over his lips which were stuffed with a pink ball gag and a maid cap
which was placed on his bold head.

Then as the helpless thing once again struggled infront of his smiling mistress,
Anne continued and said: "not only that you are a male slut, I also found out
that you are a porn star who is addicted to: humiliation, bondage, torture and
that you loves to have sex with men and to be dominated by neither a men or a
women. Now thing, thanks to you: I will be reinstated as a lawyer very soon."
Anne informed the struggling slave as she went out of the room to her playroom.

Once Anne got to her playroom she took all of her slaves out of their cages, and
then after all of them stood in one line, she said as she rubbed poor Bertha's
tits and plaid with her pierced nipples: "I have Two news for you:

1. I want that ALL of you will be extra nice to thing.
2. Fatima: do you remember when I once told you: "fil chalb fil el-yoma"? Well
it came, and your brother who sold you to me is now being train by my mother and
you will get him soon, but dir-balak if you will hurt him because we need all
the help that we will need.

Other then that I now have a few announcements to give to some you, concerning
where you will be:

1. Piggy: Mrs. Kim is waiting for you.
2. Slut: Morg. Is waiting for you.
3. Tramp and Slut, Morganna is waiting for you.
4. Geri is waiting for you.
5. Bimbo: Leticia is waiting for you.
6. Ditsy: Wendy is waiting for you.
7. Emily Johnson: Jackie and Maria waiting for you.
8. Honey, Charlene, and Jennifer will do the usual chores.
9. Donna Stanton: Ms. Halloway and Ms. York.
10. Mel, Milky, Bratty, Kandy, Fate and Dopey: as always you will be milked.
11. Charlotte: Sherri is waiting for you in your room.
12.  Barbie Dahl: you have a meeting at your office.
13.  Hilda: Miss Diana Kramm, your only daughter (who was raised by your
mistress) and her step-mother are waiting for you.
14.  Cynthia Lane: Mistress Gretchen is waiting for you.
15.  Squealer:  Stacie Erickson, Barbie-doll: you will all go with Sherri back
to my 'guest house' and continue to work.
16.  Christina, Cheryl, Mandi, Cindy, Caitlin, Candy, Mindy and ex detective
Jenny: your teacher, Baby, is waiting for you.
17.  Jen-Jen: your dancing tutor is waiting.
18.  Barbie Derman, Cupcake, Amber and Lynn: Professor Brigs waiting for you.
19.  Melody: Dr. Li is waiting to get another test in shocking you.
20.  Karol: Dr. Stein is waiting for you.
21.  Brandi: you will return to the special shack that we built for her and her
"trainer", Achmed the Shitfucker.
22.  Twit and twat: Ms. Waneright is waiting for you.
23.  Moesha: you have a date with Monique.
24.  It, fetish, slave M, Patrice and Bambi-Doe: Mistress Tonya is waiting for
you accompanied by her 'thing' that as always will help her.
25.  Lisa Lovelace, the former Prosecutor, Jane, JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi,
Kirsten, Patrice, Joy and Tiffany, Ursula, Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette,
Nikki Bauer, Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle and Ingrid:
Miki told me that all of you are needed at the different stages to continue the
movies that you began but don't worry: you won't take a part in snuff movies,
but as painsluts you will be tortured and put through heavy bondage.
26.  Bertha: you will spend the day with me as you will be punished for all the
johns that you lost.
27.  Ellen, Meredith Jane, Scarlet, and Lady-Jane: you are needed in the temple.

You see girls: all of the slaves that I said their names are now a part of my
personal peep show. You see: I felt bad for separating you from your mistresses
so we maid a deal: from now on you will be a permanent part of my private and
whenever you won't be with a client and your ex-mistress will be around then
you'll be with her. All of you know where you need to go to, so now go!" Anne
said and then as she finished all the slaves did as she ordered them including
Granny who tried to slip with them but was stopped by the leash that Anne
attached to her right ring as she talked, without Bertha's noticing her mistress
because her eyes were close as she tried to keep a tear from rolling down on her
face as she didn't liked Anne's touch and now after hearing her mistress and saw
the leash, she began to cry.

Then Anne led her sobbing slave to the stables, where for the next 10 minutes
she was forced to pick the shit of Eeyore by her hands before she was forced to
have sex with the donkey for the next 20 minutes as her mistress laughed at her
as she sucked the donkey's dick. Once Granny finished, Anne took the sobbing
woman to a station in which she had an electric-clippers which she used to shave
her slave's head before putting a black hood (with only two sets of holes for
breathing and seeing, and a zipper) over the sobbing women.

Then after washing her as if she was a horse with a hose and a special soap,
Anne took a pair of bells with chains and informed the helpless woman as she
attached them to the rings: "now Bertha, from now on you won't get to feel the
sun on your face because I won't let you to take of the outfit that you'll be
wearing. Your days as a slut are over and now it is time that you'll submit
yourself to the ranch, in other words you won't see your daughter and
grand-daughter anymore because I decided to that you will move and after I'll
finish dressing you then I'll show you where."

Once Anne finished attaching the chains to Bertha's nipples, she threw:
Leather-harness with a zipper on her pussy and another on her ass crack, and a
matching garter belt to Bertha who wore it immediately while she chose a pair of
black 8" leather boots which Bertha put on while Anne took a butt-plug which she
placed deep inside her ass and a vibrator which she placed deep inside her
pussy.

The next item that Anne took was a wide, spiked leather collar which she placed
over Bertha's neck, and a pair of padded leather gloves with a ring on each
glove and a golden chain which hang from the right glove in order of keeping
Bertha as helpless as possible, and to make sure that she won't be able to harm
Anne in any way as the helpless woman was now in the process of becoming another
"farm animal" which Anne owned.

Each glove was secured by a rope so thin that in her condition there was no way
that Bertha could take of, but it only got worse because Anne removed the pieces
of cloth which covered her breasts and finely after the now sobbing Bertha was
ready; Anne attached a chain of a prisoner ball to her right leg and a pair of
leg irons before she led her to her first task which was: to remove all the dead
plants which grew in the garden since poor Bertha was there in the last time.
This task was very hard for her because Anne either activated the vibrator or
shocked her by the remote in her hand, and once in a while Anne also used the
phallus under her trench-coat to fuck the helpless slave in her ass or mouth
while the helpless did as she was told and begged for mercy.

Meanwhile in another part of the ranch: Lisa and her loyal "pet" and lover,
Mitzi, were looking on Billy-bob who was fucking the prince's ass while one of
Anne's female slaves, who once used to be a tattoo and piercing artist named:
Maria, was busy in piercing his dick (without any pain killers so that he will
know how his sister felt) after she finished with his: nipples, hears, eyebrows,
nose, tongue and lips which were stuffed with a ring gag.

Then just as Maria finished with the piercing, Mitzi pulled his dick and
attached it to a chain which held it stretched. Then as Mitzi began to do the
same to his nipples and Maria began to work on his tattoos, Sarit came into the
room and asked Lisa while looking at the struggling man: "Lis. I have a problem.
You see I need to write this project about my family and on my adopting family
but I have a problem with the English, what to do?"

"Well, Anne used to have the same problem when we first arrived to Israel, so
she asked her teachers who gave her two wise advices:

1. For someone who not only isn't a native English Speaker BUT also had to learn
a completely new Alphabet, you do rather well. But you are not perfect so you
need to get some help.

2. You need to go back to the basics.

So you see Sarit, with a little help you will be just great, now if you will
excuse me." Lisa said, and as she finished Sarit kissed her and went away.

* * * * * * * *

It has been half an hour after Bertha finished to have sex with: Eeyore, when
Anne attached a brush to each of her sore nipple and used the helpless slave as
a mop after she forced Bertha on all four and shoved a broom stick into her ass
and now after half an hour of torment: Anne led her slave into the shack that
she will leave in from now on.

Once in the shack, Bertha was forced to strip until she was naked (the only item
which remained on her was the hood and gloves) before Anne led the terrified
slave and gave her the tour in which she found that it was a place with two
rooms: the first room was dressing room which only ten contained a closet full
with: harnesses, hoods and the rest of her outfit and the second room was
located at the basement and it was the torture room.

Once in the torture room, Bertha saw: Justy's aunt who was in a torture rack and
Bertha could see how ALL of her pierced body parts: nipples, tongue, nose and
clit, were attached to a chain and were pulled to the limit. Then as she looked
closer she saw that poor Cynthia had a pink ball-gag in her mouth and that her
face had a makeup of a slut on it, and that was when she heard Anne say: "You
see Bertha; this slave was in cooperation with the socialist in the times of the
2nd world war: Cynthia worked for the notorious: Gerda Von-Hipper as her
assistant. That is why Cynthia agreed to have her face covered with make-up so
that everyone will know that she is a slut who agreed to work for the socialist
and betray her country." Anne said as she gave Bertha the following picture:



"Now Bertha these pictures are authentic. And now let's get you ready and just
so you'll know: once I'll finish one of my slaves, who is now called Maria, will
arrive to pierce the body parts that I told her, and she will give you some
tattoos." Anne said and as she talked both women nodded their heads.

"Now, once Maria will finish her work: Mistress Gretchen, your new trainer, will
take over and your training will begin." Anne said pointing at a black haired
woman who was busy in shoving pins into Cynthia's tits after she snapped clamps
on her: clit and nipples. Mistress Gretchen was dressed in: thigh-high 7"
leather boots, Black leather pants which were so tight that it showed the
woman's lovely curves, tight leather vest with holes for her tits (has she
forced the slaves to work on them) and a belt around her waist which had her
whips hanging from them.

Then Anne placed a slave-bracelet on each heel before she attached them into two
parallel poles, and then when Bertha was secured Anne pressed on a button on the
wall and that was when Bertha was lifted from the floor and was stretched to the
maximum. Then when Bertha thought that things can't be worst she saw Anne
dipping a vibrator in a strange powder and as she shoved it into Bertha's Pussy
the poor slave understood that it was a scratching powder and Anne heard her
screaming: "YOU BITCH, YOU ARE WORST THEN MISTRESS WENDY." As she violently
shook and tried to get loose.

Then Anne snapped 7 clamps on poor Bertha's nipples as a punishment, and as the
helpless slave screamed and cursed Anne: the little woman stuffed her mouth with
pink ball gag before she began to shove pins into the skin of Bertha's bold
head. Once Anne finished and Bertha's head was like a pin-cousin, Anne took a
pair of pliers and began to torment the helpless slave by pressing them on
Bertha's hears and leaving them there hanging.

Once Anne finished, she began to shove another pins into Bertha's tits before
she tied them tightly with a rope and that was when she began to whip them until
Bertha's tits were purple. Then Anne decided that it was not enough so she
shoved an anvil with two chains attached to it, and once it was right under the
helpless slave: Anne attached the chains to each of her pierced nipple's rings.

Then Anne took a nine-tail whip, and began to whip Bertha's ass for a while
before she shoved a butt-plug into it (which was covered in scratching powder as
well) and then Anne said: "the next thing on the agenda was brought into my
attention thanks to your former mistress." And that was when Anne took a rope
and attached it to a ring on the wall. Once she secured the rope to the ring,
Anne tightly wrapped it around Bertha's waist before securing it to the wall and
that was when the small woman turned around and walked out of the room and just
as she was out and walked to thing's room to make him ready; Maria came in after
she finished with the prince.

On the way to her office, Anne was met with Morganna who was holding a leash
which was attached to a barefooted woman who had a dog collar round her once
stiff neck. Her long and glossy, golden hair was tied back with an old rag, and
her divine womanly nakedness was covered with a dirty, castoff, loincloth.

Then as Morganna gave Anne the leash, she said: "Anne, I want to present you to
slut's auntie, Beletiva. You see Anne, Beletiva here used to be my ancestress,
Erishka's slave. But she was 'liberated' by slut and was able to escape, but she
never got truly 'liberated' so she needs someone ho will take over her life and
rule them."

"What she can do?" Anne asked.

"Well, she is a servile handmaiden and when she worked for Erishka: there is no
task (no matter how vilely disgusting and demeaning) that Erishka did not compel
her unfortunate, divine handmaiden to perform. In truth, the troll princess,
delighted in degrading and abusing her divine captive, and went out of her way
to find such tasks.  Daintily fastidious, even for a goddess, Beletiva found the
most repugnant and abhorrent of her duties, to be that of collecting and
emptying the odorous, chamber pots of her trollish masters, each morning.  Yet,
even that disgusting task, the erstwhile Divine Huntress learned to carry out
with becoming obedience to her cruel, troll mistress so you can do with her
whatever you want and she'll submissively  do it in order of pleasing you and
that you won't punish her." Morganna answered with a smile.

"What will keep her from hurting me?" Anne asked.

"Princess Erishka thought exactly like you. So she decided to put her handmaiden
under a deep trance, so whenever you would: like that she will use her power,
give her command or forcing her to live by some rule: then you must say the word
slave first like so: slave, place a golden chain in Anne's hand." Morganna
explained and as she finished, Bettina blinked like a genie and Anne found a
golden chain in her hand.

"Why did she blink?" Anne asked.

"Princess Erishka's orders. You see Anne, once Erishka had Beletiva under her
thumb then she reduced her status from a goddess to a genie, and as such she
decided that the former goddess will blink whenever she is granting a wish. The
difference is that you can wish whatever you want and that you can ask as much
wishes as you want." Morganna answered.

"May I change her name?" Anne asked.

"Sure." Morganna answered.

"In that case, your new name is: Bettina, understood, slut?" Anne asked with her
evil smirk.

"Yes mistress." Bettina answered quietly as she stood between her new mistress
and Morganna.

"Okay, I'll take her in return for the usual payment and for sharing a power
that I now own." Anne said.

"What power? Let me remind you Anne one thing: you are a mortal." Morganna said
intrigued.

"Please follow me." Anne requested as she pulled the leash, and the submissive
slave followed until they reached Thing's room.

Once inside thing's room, Anne said: "Morganna, this is thing. Thing used to be
a man until he challenged one of my friends who kicked his ass in a supremacy
match after he became unconscious. Thing was then taken to her basement where he
spent as her dog until he was sold to my friend who trained him as a 'Romeo' for
men."

"What's a 'Romeo' for men?" Morganna asked.

"A 'Romeo' was an agent who was specified in seducing: men, women or both. These
type of agents were used mostly over the cold-war in order of blackmailing women
from the 'west' and I own some information about thing which also allowing me to
once again use thing as a 'Romeo', for example: both the chairman of the State
Bar Commission and that guy who put a bounty on your head like to have thing
dressed as a whore, so here is the deal Morg: I will use thing to solve both of
our problems, and when one of us will be in trouble then we will use thing as
our personal 'Romeo', deal?" Anne asked after a long explanation.

"Deal, by the way: do you have a 'Juliet' agent." Morganna replied.

"Yes, I have Barbie Derman for women and Mitzi is using her parents to capture
male slaves. Now Bettina, here are the new rules for you to follow:

1. Slave: when I summon you, you will arrive immediately.
2. Slave: you will never use your power on me.
3. Slave: you will submit yourself into my will.
4. Slave: you will never use your powers again without my permission.
5. Slave: your name is: Bettina so from now on you will never answer the name:
Beletiva, again.
6. Slave: you will remain dressed as you are.
7. Slave: when someone will ask you: "why are you dressed like that?" then as
far as the world is concern you will answer: "I used to be a dirty slut who
fucked everyone that she met for neither drugs or money, until I met miss Smith
who rescued me from myself by giving me a job. Miss Smith tried to help me with
my sex problem but I was beyond help, so I agreed to be dressed like that in
order of being easier to access."
8. Slave: you will address me as: Mistress Anne, when we will be alone. However,
if I will have company then my name is: Miss Smith.
9. Slave: don't try to escape.

These are the rules until farther notice. If you will be good and do as you are
told without trying to escape then I'll give you happy life without punishing
you, but if you'll be a bad slave them I promise that you'll be sorry,
understood?" Anne asked as she began to release thing.

"Yes mistress." Bettina answered.

"Then the first chore for you will be to lick Morg's boots until they will be
clean." Anne said and Beletiva did as she was told as Anne finished taking of
the last: she ordered thing to strip. Once the helpless slave was naked Anne
dressed him with: 10" pink pumps, pink fishnet-stockings which were attached to
pink garter belt and Pink tight spandex dress in which he felt how his dick was
pressed giants the dress and once he was dressed, Anne told him how to make his
makeup as she placed a blonde wig over his head.

Then after thing was ready, Anne gave Bettina some chores to do around the house
and as she began to do them: Morganna and Anne took thing to his first date.

Meanwhile in another part of the ranch, a black woman released Milky and took
her to a room which looked like a doctor's office, then as she looked around,
Milky heard the woman asking her: "do you like Mistress Anne?" as she led Milky
to a chair in the corner (which looked like a well padded industrial type
beauticians) and began to fasten the belts.

"Yes mistress." Milky answered as the woman went behind Milky.

"Well, she told me to get you and the rest of the animals ready. She told me to
use any means necessary so be nice. Now the first thing that we will do is to
shave your head until it will be as short as your sister's hair, this way we
will keep you healthy." The woman said and before Milky could say anything, the
woman began to shave her head with electric-clippers until she was ready.

Once Milky was ready, the woman told her as she released her: "if I forgot to
tell you, my name is: Rose. Now you are about to be turned into one of Anne's
puppy-girls, now stand-up!" and as she was finished, Milky jumped to her feet.
Then the woman gave milky a full, crotchless body suit with a hole in her ass
and Milky wore it.

Once Milky was dressed, Rose gave her the second part of the puppy costume,
which was a full body fur which had Milky's hands and feet, looks like a paws.
Then as Rose closed the zipper in the back, she informed Milky: "Until now you
always was naked, except for a set of thick pads on her knees and tight,
fingerless mittens on your hands. These items were never to be removed; as the
former trainer sewed them shut and set a layer of glue over the stitching but we
removed them. However, I'm going to do the same process to your new ones.

Your mouth was kept open by an "O"-shaped muzzle over the first month; and do
you could still receive food and manipulate her tongue, you couldn't bite down
or speak in any way, you were only permitted the sounds a dog would make:
barking, yelping and growling. Darcy says she has become quite proficient at the
growling and that won't change. The only change that I plan is to put this doggy
mask over your body." Rose informed Milky as she showed her the mask which
looked like damnation. The mask was molded to completely cover her down to her
lower and upper lips, eye holes were left so that she could see out easily
enough, but everything else disappeared.

Then Rose placed piece of metal inside Milky's mouth. It looked and acted like a
doctor's tongue depressor and it went deep into her mouth and forced her tongue
down flat. This piece of metal went so far in that if Milky tried to speak or
make any loud sounds it immediately made her feel like she was going to gag and
vomit.

Next Rose secured the mask in place as she said: "From now on your arms and legs
will be secured by an ingenious set of chains and bars that will keep you on all
fours at all times. As with the outfit, that is permanently attached and you
will never walk upright again. Finally, the feather-duster will be replaced by a
real dog tail. And now you will be able to wag your tail quite convincingly.
This tail is only removed when you will need to defecate, which you will
indicate by whining in a certain manner. And of course, you will also wear a
leather dog collar after the group will be trained." Rose asked smiling has she
pulled the hood of Milky's costume over her head and now when the puppy was
ready, then she joined the rest of the group, and her mistress introduced her to
the other puppygirls before her training began.

* * * * * * * * *
"Slave, come here!" Anne ordered as she and thing went out of Morganna's car two
hours after they left, and just as she finished Bettina showed up Anne smiled as
she ordered Bettina: "slave: replace thing's dick with a pussy and give him 'DD'
cup so that he will be easier to use!" and just as she finished, Bettina blinked
and thing was as ordered.

Then Anne told Bettina: "slave: send thing to his room and return to your
chores!" and again Bettina blinked and both: thing and her were gone. And that
was when Anne went to look at the slaves who were with their clients.


The end of chapter 17.

The permissions:

1.     Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW and they are used with the author's permission.
2.     Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW and used with
the author's permission.
3.     Rosy was taken from the stories: "Another Lesson" and "After School
Lesson" by GW and being used with the author's permission.
4.     Cynthia (power miss) was taken from the stories: Fraulein Power's
Trophies, Latin Holiday and "Fraulein Power" by GW she is used with the author's
permission and can be fined at his shelf on this site.
5.     Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: Bimbo Dot Com by
MrGray and used with his permission.
6.     Brenda Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black
were taken from the story: What Men Look for in Women by
7.     Barbie\Barbara Derman, Dr. Brigs, Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee and Karol
+ a few of the outfits being used with Musker's permission.
8.     The way that Liz Derman was dressed after Mona finished with her was
taken from the story: "The lab rat" by Musker.
9.     Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
10.    Charlotte, Sherri, Christina, Barbie Dahl, Jennifer (from the story:
"Pool party), Jennifer (from the story: Dear diary), Karen and Squealer are
being used with Parker's permission, that story may use Parker's characters but
it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories and each outfit that parker's
characters are dressed in came from the stories that they were taken from.
1.     Cupcake, the new wardrobe that Anne wanted for Barbie and the way in
which Moesha was dressed were taken from the story: "Becoming cupcake" by the
mayor of Cherish and the way that she was dressed to the wedding is used with
the author's permission + this story is NOT a sequel.
2.     Donna Stanton, Emily Johnson, Jackie, Stacie Erickson, Cindy York, Joan
Halloway and her ponygirl: Brenda Davis are used with the permission of Jackpot.
3.     Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story
"Surrendering Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author:
Night_Writer and just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a
sequel to the story.
4.     The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and
also: Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story
"Sheik Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice,
Joy, Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
5.     Meredith Jane and Ellen Osborn as Green Goblinettes were taken from the
stories: " Green Goblin Strikes Back " and " Spider-girl - Sequel to Green
Goblin Strikes Back "
6.     Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, in books
which are available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and also a few of the ideas were inspired by her comics and
it is used for MY personal use ONLY.
7.     Darcie was taken from the story: "return of the ultimate lovedolls" by
Vendatrix.
8.     Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.

Other notes.

1. Milky's new costume is based on the outfit in a picture by the vet.
2. the way Milky was before she was dressed is based on: Karen's situation in
the story, Parker_01 - Dear Diary by parker.
3. the tortures are based on GW's stories: Wildfire, part 6, In Enemy Hands,
part 3 and Supermom's own mother, Supergran, aims to tame the evil Leticia
Luther, part 4.
4. the picture was taken from: Fraulein Power's Trophies, part 1.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 21&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Latifa becoming a substitute- mistress, while is recuperating from the
harshest Asthma attack that she ever experienced.&gt;

Author's Note:

1.  The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to any of
the stories that I borrowed characters from.

ALL of the characters named in the different permission's section are owned by
the author\artist who I borrowed them from and if anyone wants to use them then
he\she MUST to get written permission from the original author\artist.

All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca, in
books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also housewivesatplay.net.

Part_21 - Anne under siege.

"Anne, if you will continue to calf like that then we will have to send you to
the hospital." Latifa said worried as she saw Anne once again in the bathroom
spiting.

"I have... (Calf)... no other... (Calf)... (Choke)... options." Anne replied.

"Yes you do. Give me your authority so that I'll be a substitute-mistress while
you are resting." Latifa said as she gave Anne a paper and a pen. Then after
Anne field it the paper, then after she gave it to Latifa: Anne took Darcie's
remote and pressed on "Oral" and rested while Darcie did her job and Latifa went
to do Anne's job.

Then as she closed the door, Latifa heard Anne breathing through the mask that
she put on the helpless and fragile woman's face before leaving the room. Then
as Latifa knew that there was nothing that she could do for Anne, she decided to
go to the personal "peeping show" which Anne built for herself, and to look at
the way that Anne placed her slaves so she went to a secret corridor which was
hidden behind the picture of the three year old, Anne, and her mother.

Once in the corridor, Latifa saw a sign which said: "Welcome Latifa, I'm sorry
that I'm not there to guide you. Anyway: all of the windows that you'll see are
one way mirror so feel free to look. By the way: next to each room you'll find a
sign with the name of the "show" and the starts. PS: All of the stars won't
remain here for long as this is only the training center.", then Latifa went to
the first window where she saw: a stage which was set up to look like an office,
and there in the middle of the room she saw Piggy dressed in a maid uniform
which included: a pair of gray hose with red garters, impossibly uncomfortable
skyscraper heels, a tiny white maid's apron, that didn't quite reach the
juncture of her shapely thighs, and a silly looking, maid's cap.

Other then that: Piggy's had on each nipple a set of clamps linked by a chain as
she stood in humble submission, awaiting for her trainer, Sandy's inspection,
nervously wringing her hands, mortified beyond belief by her demeaning outfit.
The ex-captain of Capital City Vice Squad was gone and instead of her was a
broken slave.

In the next room Latifa saw: a stage which was set up to look as a room at some
motel, and there in the middle of the room was Sandy's twin, Cindy, who set on a
chair and spanked: tramp with a hairbrush. Tramp herself was dressed in: super
abbreviated flounced skirt, that didn't reach the top of her thighs, no
undergarments, with white lace aprons, that extended between her bounteous
breasts but did not cover them, black fishnet stockings with garters and a doily
caps just as.

The next room looked like an interrogation room, and there in the middle was
slut who wore: pair of red 7", open heel platform shoes, orange stockings which
were attached to yellow garter-belt, red thong, very short skirt which left half
of her ass visible, pink tube top and red collar as she stood infront of Hilda,
who used to be one of Valkie's friend until Valkie set her up and she was kicked
from the ranks of the other Valkyries, who was dressed as a cop and just as
Latifa moved on: Hilda shoved her bet into the slave's ass.

The next room was an exact copy of Wendy's room, and in it Latifa saw:  Bimbo
who was naked on the bed as Wendy Morgul (one of her former mistress) shoved a
bet into her ass, while in the other side of the room was: Ditsy who was naked
and tied with her legs to Eeyore's dick in her now usual position as she was
fucked by the donkey.

The next room was a copy of Emily Johnson's office when she used to work at the
social security, but now the poor woman looked like an over sexed slut as she
was wearing: 9" pink plastic pumps, pink fishnet-stockings, tight latex skirt,
while infront of her was Latifa's friend: Jackie Roberts who was dressed in a
conservative business outfit and signed on papers while the once proud social
worker: picked her nose with both hands and ate everything that went out on her
fingers.

The next room was looking like a room in a 5 stars hotel room, and there on the
bed was Sherri who had an evil smirk as Charlotte walked into the room from the
bathroom (Sherri just finished to fuck Charlotte and sent her to clean herself)
as she remembered how the former desk clerk used to treat her. Her cheeks
flushed red with embarrassment self-consciousness as she was dressed just like
in the time in which she was enslaved.

Her long, wavy blonde hair had been tied up in a high pony- tail with a white
lace ribbon drawn into a large bow, but as always since they got the room: it
was in a mass. Thick, pale pink lipstick and red blusher - applied by herself
now as she knew how Sherri like her slut, which gave her a beautifully tarty
look, that perfectly matched the effect created by the skimpy maid's costume.

The outfit itself was a thing of beauty: It displayed her svelte figure
perfectly, the tight, black silk squeezing her breasts upwards, the twin points
of her nipples molded and clearly visible beneath the thin material. The
plunging neckline and puffed shoulders were trimmed with white frills, as was
the thigh-length skirt's hem.

White petticoats flared under the tiny skirt, hanging clear from tight panties
and stockings. Gossamer thin, white net gloves went from her fingers to upper
arm; black stiletto high-heeled shoes clasped her feet, and, as a final touch, a
bib-like apron was tied around her torso with a large bow, matching the one in
her hair.

Charlotte fought back the tears as she entered and saw the mistress of the room
looking at her, tottering slightly on the high-heels. She had belatedly come to
the realization that the outfit she had been given was not the normal hotel
chambermaid uniform. By then, however, it had been too late to protest.

The next room was looking like an office, and in it Latifa saw: Barbie Dahl who
stood naked infront of a Chinese woman who was called: Mistress Li, who met Anne
at the court and worked for Anne. Mistress Li's job was to finish the
transformation of the former independent boss into a lesbian sex slave so that
Anne will be able to put her in the position that she wanted.

The next room that Latifa saw looked like Dita Kramm's interrogation room, where
on one side of the room, she saw poor Hilda who was completely naked and
barefooted on her hands and knees as she: kissed, licked and worshiped her
trainer's feet while on the other side of the room, Cynthia Lane was hanging
from the ceiling by her hands and feet while a chain tied to an anvil was around
her.

Then as Latifa continued the tour she saw: Donna Stanton with Ms. York, Brandi
with Achmed the Shitfucker, Twit and Twat who were with their trainer and
half-mistress, Ms. Waneright. Then Latifa moved to the testing area where she
saw: Barbie Derman, Cupcake, Karol, Amber and Lynn who were with Professor Brigs
and Dr. Stein who used them as the test subject for a series of psychological
test conducted as well as Melody who was with Dr. Li who shocked her as a part
of his testing.

The last room that she visited was, where: Lisa Lovelace, the former Prosecutor,
Jane, JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Patrice, Joy and Tiffany, Ursula,
Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, Mother Maccabeus, Vivian,
Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle and Ingrid were staring in BDSM movies under the
supervision of: Miki who enjoyed putting her painsluts under: torture,
humiliation and heavy bondage.

As Latifa looked, she saw that Miki held the slaves that she didn't use in cages
and that she enjoyed her work.

Meanwhile in another part of the ranch, Lisa read the previews which were
written by some of the previews which were written to the story which was based
on their lives (as far as both Anne and herself were concern), which were
absolutely harsh. Then as she read them, she began to laugh as she saw how easy
it was to kill a story that she wished that she could be a member so that she
will be able to do that to others. But then something came over her, and she
remembered how Anne was when they just returned to the states: poor Anne never
received any help or support from anyone of the "perfect English speakers" that
for them English was the first language.

Whenever Anne wrote an essay, she always wanted to put marks for her readers
whenever she made a mistake like: "ho no, I killed the essay.", "am I perfect
now?", "don't read that word!" or something from this type. But then she used to
go to her English Tudor, her mom or Linda and consult with them.

It was very hard for Anne to stand all alone infront of all the critique but
then one day, she met a few people who walked to her as she cried after yet
another "failure" while reading the red marks and the big: F- on her paper.
These people consulted her, and then they told her after reading the paper that
some of the marks were heartless but that she needs to get better, so Anne told
them that she knows that before she told them about a poem that she once read.

The poem was written but a famous person, and in it he called the street:
"Jordan" as he was known: "Yarden", so they asked her what is her point, and
Anne answered: "the men who wrote that poem, was only 2 months in Israel when he
wrote this song. Now I know that English is not my first but there is no
different if I'm writing the word: "sow" instead of "saw". Yes I need to work on
my English but that doesn't mean that I'm doing those mistakes just for the fun
of it, and besides: my grammar is almost as good as a few of those who using
English as their native tongue."

Lisa then tried to read the story, and saw that it was to long. So after a
little checking she saw that each chapter begins with another idea so she USED
HER BRAIN, and decided to take each chapter as a story of its own. Once she
finished, Lisa turned and saw Mitzi naked on the bed. Next to Mitzi was Linda
who was naked and hogtied. Poor Linda was squirming as if she was possessed as
Mitzi used her ass as an ashtray, and that was when Mitzi asked Lisa: "does Anne
knows what happened to her father?"

"Yes and no." Lisa answered.

"What do you mean?" Mitzi asked confused, but she still had a smile on her face
as she and Mitzi maid a contest of who will torture Linda worst.

"I always kept Anna in the dark. However, I gave her some clues to his fate. You
see Lora, Anna is a very smart girl and she already connected the dots. Now all
Anna is waiting for is a proof before she will give her father's head to:
MISTRESS ANNE, who will overcome her hatred for men only to teach him a lesson."
Lisa replied with a smile. Then
* * * * * * * *
Anne lay in her bed, and had Darcie licking her. Her hand was resting on Milky's
head after she just gave her another pat, while on her part: Milky was in a safe
range from Anne's legs as she knew that if Anne shell calf then her legs will
jump like a spring. Then just has Anne was relaxed and looked at her new slave,
Itty Bitty, who was dressed in her usual outfit which included: Red thong panty
and a Red 'Junior Miss Perky' bra which gave her a nice little lift. It utilizes
some of the same technology found in the Wonder Bra.

Other then that, Itty's original face was covered with makeup: Her lips looked
swollen and were painted a bright shiny red, which made it look like she had a
permanent pout. Her eyes were rimmed in heavy black eyeliner with extremely long
black lashes that looked completely fake. Her eyelids were covered with a
silvery purple eyeshadow, and her dark eyebrows were tweezed thin and in high
arches. Itty's ears each had four big silver hoops dangling from them, and she
also had one small silver ring in the right side of her nose, and two more in
her right eyebrow. Then as Itty opened her mouth to inhale another large cloud
of smoke, Anne saw Itty's pierced tongue which had a ring at the tip.

Itty's lovely Red mane of hair which Anne saw at the picture was gone! It had
been replaced with long flowing curls of pure white hair which was teased up
into a very big and slutty eighties style.

Then just as Anne was relaxed for the excitement of seeing her gorgeous maid,
Darcie helped her to get herself into Lisa's former wheelchair. Once Anne was in
the chair: Darcie then pushed Anne to Miki's sets, where Anne saw that ALL of
the actresses were busy: Joy and Tiffany who were dressed in a leather harness
were tied to one spanking horse, while Lovelace and the former Prosecutor, Jane,
(who were dressed the same) were tied to the other with each of there ass cheeks
were spanked by a mechanical arm which held an hairbrush on the left, and a
paddle in the right. Then as Anne and Darcie took a closer look, they saw that
not only that each chain were attached to the other, but that Miki was also able
to make a "Frame" which was stretched to its limit as Miki attached chains to
the rings at the shoulders of her slaves which pulled their backs almost until
they were as straight as a pen and was very painful and dangerous for the
helpless slaves.

On the right side of the room, Anne saw: JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten,
Patrice helplessly sitting in a fisting sling. The slave-bracelet on their hands
were attached to chains from the ceiling, while their legs were spread as the
slave-bracelets on their: heels and knees were attached to other chains. No one
smiled because pins were stuck in their breasts.

Next to them were: Ursula, Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling and Minette who were kept
in a pillory. The poor women were in a great deal of pain as the rings on their
nipples were attached to golden chains from the wall and were pulled to the
limit, just like the ring in their clit which was pulled down and the one in
their nose which were pulled up. Their mouths were stuffed with a ring-gag which
her tongue went through and Anne could fine the traces of cigarette's ash in
them.

In the cages, Anne saw: Nikki Bauer, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly and Ingrid
crying. Next to the cages, on the spanking bench, Anne saw: Mother Maccabeus,
who lay there naked as she just finished licking Miki's Ass while the later
pulled and tormented her breasts. Not like the slaves, Miki was dressed in: 5"
black leather boots, tight, crotchless leather pants with a small hole in the
back, leather vest and a whip.

Then as Anne looked at Mother Maccabeus, she could not stop a smile. The
helpless nun was now looking more like an over-used painslut then a respected
nun with disciples and followers. As far as the nun herself was concern, there
was no way back as she was lost forever in the world of slavery.

Then for the next hour, Anne remained and watched as Miki abused the slaves,
before she told Darcie to take her to professor Brigs's office from which she
took Barbie Derman. Once Anne had enough, she told Darcie to push her to her
room where Anne gave her new maid, Itty Bitty, another few items to wear so that
her maid uniform will be ready like: five inch pink plastic pumps, orange
fishnet-stockings, red garter belt, bright red leather skirt, yellow tank top,
diamond leather collar, tiny apron and a doily cap as well as her bra and thong.

Once Anne finished dressing her maid, she took Barbie to her to the home
entertainment system of her private room, in which Anne forced Barbie to wear
her old outfit which included: hot pink rubber and the only parts which covered
her entire body. The outfit herself remained open at Barbie's: eyes, body
orifices and Nipples which had a zipper on them, and through the tight fabric of
her outfit: Barbie's pierced and ringed nipples were visible. Barbie herself
could feel the big shiny rings hanging down from her long and hard erect
nipples. Then Anne with Darcie's help secured inflatable bladder gag which was
pumped until there was a glassy eye look from Barbie's eyes in combination with
a whole head hardness with lots of thin black leather straps going around her
pink latex clad head.

Then Anne forced a ring-gag into Barbie's mouth, and then she informed the
helpless Blond while she fastened it to the head harness: "now Barbie, I know
how much you love licking pussies. I also know how much you love the "Juice"
which comes from woman's pussies, and that is why I decided that from now on you
will become a part of my home entertainment system, and you will "see the errors
of your way" and convert into the perfect, little Lesbian lover that I wanted
you to be long ago. That means that from now on I'm going to loan you to ALL of
my female friends. Think about it Barbie, when you are not pleasuring or
entertaining me: you will spend the rest of your days licking the pussies of my
friends or that you will be a part of a lesbian gang-bang in my birthdays. That
means that you will be fucked by one strap-on dildo after strap-on dildo after
strap-on dildo, or that you will lick pussy after pussy after pussy... we'll
see. It does sound like something I would like to have a tape of though. Then we
can watch it together later on as you will be performing orally on my own
pussy... or maybe on Darcie's. Now that sounds delicious, doesn't it doll?"

Other then that, Barbie's hair was out of the hood, and the outfit had two
zippers: one of them went from the tip of her pussy and ended between her legs,
while the other went all the way from the tip of her ass-crack and ended between
her legs. Then as Barbie helplessly looked on, she saw Anne shoving a Long, fat,
rubber vibrating dildoes for Barbie's pussy and ass after she unzipped the
zippers. Once they were inside the tormented woman, Anne zipped the zippers and
went to take the next item for Barbie's new wardrobe which was: a black, leather
straitjacket for her slave to wear.

Then Anne fastened a collar with four rings around Barbie's neck. After the
collar was secured: Anne held up the straitjacket and watched as Barbie
submissively placed her hands inside without ANY attempt to resist, and then
once Barbie's hands were inside, Anne informed her while she began to fasten the
straps of the straitjacket. Once Anne finished with the straitjacket, she began
to pull Barbie's hands behind her back, and as she fastened her slave's hands
behind her back: Anne informed Barbie: "until today, you used to be at the phase
of: "a lab rat". But now after all said and done, you became a creature. that
means that as far as I'm concern all I have to do is to put on you this dog-tag
and you will be ready for my friends... ho, I forgot that reading is behind you
since you are to dumb so I'll read:

Name: Barbie.
Owner: Anne Smith.
Personal number: 9097675
Uses: personal.

Now Barbie, you can start to sing: "fish don't fry in the kitchen, veil don't
burn on the grill." To your freedom because no one will save you. Look at you
slut: once you used to be: straight, 20 years old, long rich brunette hair,
brown eyes, average height and weight, in very good health and with a grade
point average that put her in the top 10% of her class." Before she took
something to drink.

Once Anne finished, she pulled a strap over Barbie's hands as she continued:
"But now on the other hand, you are: a sex object. Your breasts are now a "DD"
cup. your waist as turned into a hour glass tiny 18" from the thick 28 inch that
it used to be, and your hips flared to a sexy curvy 38 inches. Your hair is now
colored and styled into a wonderful big blonde bimbo stereotype instead of the
black one that it used to be. And your face also changed into a proverbial empty
air headed bimbo that men fantasize to fuck, but would never ever marry. You
have big vacant puppy dog eyes, a cute little pixie nose, and a full set of
voluptuous pouting lips aching to be kissed, or suck something." Anne said as
she forced Barbie to her knees. Once Barbie was in place, Anne placed a 7 inch
dildo infront of Barbie. Then as Anne took a drink, she saw how Barbie was
mesmerized as she bent until she was on ALL four above the dildo. Then as she
began to drink, Anne pressed at the button which started both Dildoes and that
was when Anne saw how Barbie began to lick the Dildo for a while, before she
lowered her head al the way and began to suck it against her will as if it was a
lollipop.

Has Barbie sucked the Dildo, Anne spread her legs and informed the miserable
slut at her feet while pulling the straps between her legs and fastening them:
"Now after a decade of slavery, you look nothing like you looked in junior year,
no one even recognize you as Barbara ever again, and with professor Brigs's
subliminal behavior changing methods, you act and sound nothing like yourself
either. And the best part of all is that now you turned from: Ms Barbara Derman,
independent, intelligent, and resourceful college coed of today, to Barbie Doll,
wanton bimbo sex toy of Mistress Anne Smith.

Now I know that you are not really my sister... that was my mistake. You see
doll, your father and mother did use my mother against her will so I decided to
take a special care for you. Now, just so you'll know: what you wear will remain
on you as your cloths and from now you'll be on a strict diet of: fluids and
porridge. Wouldn't you like that?" then as Barbie helplessly shook her head: NO,
Anne forced pulled the straps which by now were fastened between her legs and
placed yet another vibrating dildo between Barbie's legs. Once the dildo was in
place, it began to move and Barbie was shaken like a leaf.

Then four minutes after Barbie began, Anne stopped her and forced her to stand
next inside a Black sack made of leather. Once both of her feet were in the
sack, Anne zipped it all the way from her feet until her neck, before she helped
her helpless slave to lie down on her bed. Once Barbie was in place, Darcie
attached a chain from the bed to the ring at the end of the sack and another one
from the head of the bed to Barbie's headgear before she began to fasten the
sack with some Velcro-straps around the sack, and another one which was
connected by leather straps to Barbie's collar and the sack. Once Barbie was
secured in place and couldn't get free, Darcie began to put locks on the straps
before she went to her mistress, Anne, who set on a chair naked and began to
lick her while the later informed Barbie: "Barbie, this sack is called: "Latex
bondage sack". You see: the heavy duty zipper zips up to the limit, making it
very easy to get into and out of, though you won't want to get out once you're
in. This strong latex sack is 67" long to the neck which is 15" in diameter
unstretched. The width is 46" in diameter, again unstretched.

Now in your current state, you have no where to go. That is why I decided that
in another thought, Latifa and I need to have a toy around. So you see Barbie:
from now on you will become our personal toy-slave which means that we will use
your dirty mouth as a ball. You see over the lest year since you came, you
cursed me and now your mouth will be used just as I planned.", then Anne took a
break to enjoy Darcie's touch.

Once Darcie brought her to n orgasm, Anne said: "don't worry, we will not shit
into your mouth. However, we will use it to lick our ass and\or Pussy until we
will get one orgasm after the other so that: Darcie and Tina will be able to
rest at night."

Meanwhile in another room, Sarit inspected Rosy as she danced while: Simon
licked Sarit's pussy naked (Sarit forbade Simon to wear cloths while they were
home), and her younger sisters worked on her nipple, teasing them with their
tongues. Poor rosy, was dressed in: Black bra which was decorated with golden
coins, long sheer Black dress with a slit on the side and a belt decorated with
coins.

Not far from where danced, Kate set next to a table and did Sarit's homework
while being milked, just as Sarit watched Simon who was naked (Sarit told her
never to where cloths at home and she was happy to comply), and that was when
Sarit said: "you know Sim, I love the king." As Simon brought her into another
orgasm. Then after Simon cleaned Sarit's pussy she licked her lips with a desire
for more before she said: "Anne, that's not the king."

"That is the king of the "eastern music" in Israel. This singer was one of the
greats when this type of music was not in the main stream. Just listen to the
music." Sarit replied before she began to sing with the song together with the
singer. Then after a while Simon asked: "What that this song is about?"

"It's about a person who lost his true love, in favor of somebody else. Listen
to the voice of the singer Simon, he is a living legend and I love him." Sarit
said as she looked at her dancer.

"That's nice." Nina said.

"Say Sarit, why won't you let Rosy to lick Sim's ass so that she'll pay for the
deduction in Sim's celery?" Susan asked.

"You heard her." Sarit said. Then after Simon raised her ass, Rosy lay down and
began to lick it.

The end of chapter 20.

To be continued.

The permissions:

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW, Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW
and used with the author's permission.  Rosy was taken from the stories:
"Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson" by GW, Cynthia (power miss) was taken
from the stories: Fraulein Power's Trophies, Latin Holiday and "Fraulein Power"
by GW she is used with the author's permission.
2. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: "Bimbo Dot Com" by
MrGray, Brenda Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer
Black were taken from the story: "What Men Look for in Women" by MrGray and used
with the author's permission.
3. Barbie\Barbara Derman and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat"
by Musker, Ms. Waneright Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Dr. Stein and Karol were
taken from the story: Omens - a Halloween tale and it sequels by Musker and ALL
of them are being used with Musker's permission.
4. Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
5. Charlotte and Sherri were taken from the story: "Charlotte" by Parker,
Christina was taken from the story: "Christina" by Parker, Barbie Dahl was taken
from the story: "Career Opportunities" by Parker, Jen-Jen was taken from the
story: "Pool party" by Parker, Jennifer and Karen were taken from the story: 
"Dear diary" by Parker and Squealer was taken from the story: Squealer" by
parker. All of the characters are being used with Parker's permission and that
story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories.
6.  Cupcake was taken from the story: "Becoming cupcake" by the mayor of Cherish
and the way that she was dressed to the wedding is used with the author's
permission + this story is NOT a sequel.
7.  Donna Stanton and Emily Johnson were taken from the story: "Becoming her
maid" by Jackpot, and Stacy Erickson taken from the story: "Social security
slut" by Jackpot. All of them are used with the permission of Jackpot.
8. Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story "Surrendering
Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author: Night_Writer and
just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a sequel to the story.
9. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
10. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, in books
which are available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and also a few of the ideas were inspired by her comics and
it is used for MY personal use ONLY.
11. Darcie was taken from the story: "return of the ultimate lovedolls" by
Vendatrix.
12. Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.
13. Itty-Bitty was taken from the story: "Itty-Bitty" by Marlissa, and used with
the author's permission.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 22&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Anne continues to use her powers to help the other mistresses and her to
handle the slaves that they own, while the tradition of Anne's family takes over
the ranch for 24 hours.&gt;

Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to any of
the stories or the comics which I borrowed characters from. 

2. All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca,
in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net.

3. This chapter is dedicated for a very special "muses".

Part_22- traditions are great.

Anne just woke-up late in a filmy baby-doll which Latifa bought her, after they
had a night full with sex. Then as Anne took of her baby doll, Milky came closer
to her mistress in her new outfit which had her: breast and pussy shown and
began to lick Anne's pussy while the later rotated Barbie, who was held in the
bondage sack for the last week, and as always by this time a bowl of porridge
waited for her.

In the corner was honey, and she was very busy as she did the homework of:
Bratty, Kandy and Fate as bad as she only could. Anne once ordered Honey to make
them get an F- and after they broke her family, Honey was way to willing to
comply with her mistress's order even though Anne used it to humiliate her and
to show her as a dumb Blonde, but Honey didn't care anymore.

Anne enjoyed seeing Honey so pleased with every F-, so she dressed Honey in a
new outfit which included: black fishnet stockings with matching garters, red
thong, Pink mini-corset and a collar. Honey's hair which once used to be black
was bleached and now it was held in a pair of brands and she was forced to wear
makeup only if she fixed it so that she would look like a slut.

Once Milky finished, Itty-Bitty got into the room dressed in her thong and bra
and a tight, black vinyl poodle-skirt with a matching latex tank top. The skirt
itself was with an Elastic Waist and it was made of: 30% Polyester, 70% PVC
Blend. On her head, itty-bitty had a cute doily-cap and she was now the opposite
of what she was when she used to work as a secretary before turning into: Itty
Bitty Titty Liddy, or in other words: the domestic.

Then after Itty-Bitty knelt infront of Anne, she said: "your bath is ready
mistress Anne.", then Anne petted her head as se looked at "thing" who was tied
thereto a st. Mathew cross. Poor thing was dressed in: Pink boots, pink fish-net
stockings, black garter-belt which kept a pair of g-string over his thighs
(which were stretched so high that it rode into his ass), a collar with a
dog-tag which said: "thing, property of Mistress Anne." and a bow which held his
shoulder length hair in place.

Anne forced Bettina to make a few changes in thing's body and that was one of
the changes, the other was that he got his dick back.

Once Anne got of the bed, she saw how Charlotte got into the room and began to
wash Barbie's rubber. Then before Anne followed Itty-bitty into the bathroom,
she went to thing and pulled his panties so that she'll see his dick which was
so puny that she began to laugh at him, not able to get an erection so Anne
decided to try and help him, and that was when she told Charlotte: "don't use
the vacuum today. I want you to take that vacuum and use it on thing's puny
dick. If I'll catch you even for a minute using the vacuum, you will receive:
100 strokes with my whip. Understood?" Then after shook her head almost
possessed with fear as she heard Mistress Anne talking form Anne's voice, Anne
followed Itty naked to the bathroom. Once Anne was in the bath and the bubbles
covered her body, Itty began to oral-massage her mistress's shapely feet which
became Itty's fetish as well as Anne's entire body as well as the pack of
cigarette which her mistress gave her ONLY if she was good little slave.

Then a few minutes after Anne got into the bath, Sarit came into the room
dressed in a robe with a leash in her hand which was connected to a collar which
was fastened around Simon's neck. Simon herself was stunning as she slowly
swayed her ass from one side to the other, and as she stopped between Anne and
Sarit: Anne could see that Simon's hands were tied behind her back and that the
busty woman had a pole was running up from the center of her ankle chain
straight into her impaled pussy.

Other then that Simon's pierced nipples had a small, golden chain which was
linked to a three pound weight, and she had a barbwire wrapped around her huge
boobs while a few cloth-pins decorated are tormented chest and pussy lips. On
Simon's back Anne could see the welts of a belt which was left after Simon was
whipped just a few minutes before the couple went into Anne's room. Over Simon's
head was a black, leather hood with a zipper that was used as a gag.

Then as Anne blinked, she saw that Simon's red hair reached her shoulders and
that was when she asked Sarit: "So you talked with my grandparents my little
Sarit?" before she saw Simon who proudly shook her head: Yes, while Sarit placed
her hand over the ass of her stunning submissive-lover and that was when Anne
realized that Anne joined her family as she saw that Simon became her personal
love-slave and masochist painslut who florist while being dominated by her lover
and dominatrix.

"Yes Ms. Cohen, they are very nice. I heard what they had to say and I decided
after talking with Simon that we will take the relationship between us to
another level. You know mommy, it was very interesting seeing your family tree
and to fine some information on you and your family that I could not think that
a goody-goody girl like you can hide." Sarit said as she began to twist Simon's
nipples, while the later nodded with agreement to every word that Sarit said.

"First of all: Anna Cohen is dead and buried. However, I am very pleased to see
that you are happy. I see that you decided to declare a match between us, well
little girl: you are not in my league (just like the soccer team that you are a
fan of in compare to mine.), and I really think that as much as I love you: you
do have much to learn about operating as a mistress and as a dominatrix.
However, you are on the right track and maybe if you will keep doing your job
then you will become: a great lover to Simon L. Va-boom and one of my successors
in case something will happen to me." Anne informed Anne who looked worried.

"Are you okay Anne?" Sarit asked after a few seconds, still worried from the
last words which Anne said.

"Yes Sarit. Don't worry. Now: where is what you wanted to give me?" Anne asked
smiling.

"Here Anne, that is the last letter which my mother gave me before I last saw
them. But first I have a question: where is Latifa?" Sarit replied as she ended
Anne an envelope.

"She is resting now. You see Sarit: she spent the entire night in bondage and
pain (like Simon) and now she is resting with her doll, Tina. Can you please
read it for me?" Anne asked with a smile, even-though she was worried from
Sarit's reaction.

"Sure. Don't worry Anne, I'll be fine." Sarit said as she put her hand on her
step-mother's shoulder, and then she began to read:

"Dear Anna.

In case you are reading this letter, it's been one year since Gadi and I died.
If that is the case then I hope that little Sarit is with you and that she is
fine (yes mommy, I'm with Anna and I love it), but if it is not the case then
please go to Jerusalem and bring her to Empire-City, where I hope that she will
be okay.

Anna, I wish to say that I'm sorry for the fight that we had about the future of
the Kibbutz. You were right: the communist way in which we lived is now just a
good memory, and now as you said we became a capitalist society. You left the
Kibbutz and Israel very upset after I humiliated you in the dining room infront
of the members, but you always were a good friend and I hope that the way that I
used to treat you won't be a factor with Sarit's education.

You know Anna, I always was jealous when I saw how you were right again and
again about EVERYTHING including: the peace with the Arabs and the economy. You
always were a revisionist, and if I may say so: you were on the edge of joining
that radical party that you loved so much (ho mom, you never said the name of
that party. Even after you died.) And I blamed you because of that.

I still remember once in the history lessons, when you laughed about the
Kibbutz. The teacher asked you: "why are you laughing?" and you was so bold of
telling her: "when Stalin died you declared a national memory day. However, when
a leader from the other side want to make peace you called him a murderer. Can
you tell me, a person who literally came from other country: why is that?" I
thought that you are one of the feistiest bitches in the school but now when I
think about it: you were right.

The situation here in Israel is just like when the: Oslo agreements were signed,
and you once again were right when you once asked the teacher: "how do you want
to have peace with the Palestinians? They don't want you here, AND they NEVER
canceled the Palestinian declaration with the four steps for the destruction of
Israel?" I never forgave you for those questions but they were correct,
especially now. I have bad feeling Anna, so in case I will die: please come to
take Sarit.

Anna, I also was jealous of you for the way that you used to sing. I remember
watching you, a girl from America who doesn't speak Hebrew very well but you
sang the songs of the "king of Mediterranean music", while I never sang in such
a grace and style like you. Unfortunately after Lisa, your mother, had a total
breakdown you stopped to sing but your voice is still roaming here in the
kibbutz.

Anyway, I'm begging that you'll take care of my sweet Sarit... (She never
stopped mommy, Anna loves me and I hope that you will forgive me for what I
became: a capitalist.), Sarit I forgive you for following Anna's foot-steps,
that woman always was the "mistress of right" as we used to call her. Sarit,
please forgive me for what I used to tell you about Anna, and be good and learn
from her... (I will mommy; I love my step-mother.) Now Anna, please take her out
of the kibbutz to Empire-city and turn her into: Mimi-Anne.

Sarit, we love you: Michaela." Then after finishing the letter, Sarit began to
cry as Simon took her (Simon's) blood covered arms and held Sarit, until she
calmed down.

"Are you okay?" Anne asked.

"Yes mommy, I needed to cry. Sorry, it seems that I'm not quite over their
death. Please don't die young." Sarit begged as she knelt infront of Anne, and
held her hand for a while.

"Don't worry Sarit. I won't die young. I have too much to live for and I'm NOT
planning on die or be killed until I'll be 120." Anne said.

"Why 120 years, Mommy?" Sarit asked confused.

"So that you will be able to write on my tombstone: "Died to young." you see
Sarit I want to live and visit ALL of the places that I never went to. Besides
as a Cohen, I honestly believe that I have the obligation to live much after my
enemies. However, I have a problem which I share with you: a Cohen and a Levi
cannot be in the cemetery. That is why I changed my name into: Anne Smith, or as
I know better: Mistress Anne." Anne said with a smile.

"Sarit, did my granny give you a chance to read the book?" Anna asked Sarit
smiling.

"Yes Anne that was what inspired me and Simon. Anne, both Simon and I are now a
part of your family and as such we want to take part of all the traditions that
your family has. I know what you think Anne, about your family and the way that
they treated you and your poor mother, Lisa. However, I do think that this is
why ALL of us need to join forces. Anne, when I came over here I was alone
without anyone to care for me, BUT then i met Simon (who was the first person
after you and your mother) who wanted to know me and even loved me. What I'm
trying to tell you mommy is that I personally think that even though we are
"personas non gratis" in your family, we must show them that we are better then
them. There is no reason why we should be punished, right?" Sarit said Smiling
while she pushed a few hairs which covered the beautiful face of her
step-mother, and that was when Anne hugged Sarit before Sarit and Simon left the
room.

Meanwhile in another bathroom, Lisa just finished to wash Mitzi who lay naked in
a tub full with blood giggling. Then after Mitzi was out of the tab, Lisa took a
towel and began to slowly rub each of Mitzi's curvy body. Lisa just loved
watching Mitzi naked, so she did that task almost in a slow motion so that she
will be able to enjoy the moment.

When Lisa finished toweling Mitzi, she led her to the bed where Mitzi began to
pleasure Lisa. Mitzi by now was living on a well planned calendar in which she
knew what to do as she began to lick ALL of the fingers on Lisa's right foot.
Once finished, Mitzi opened her mouth and almost swallowed Lisa's entire foot as
she began to Oral-massage her dominatrix's foot with a technique which Mitzi
learned from Bertha (See the story: Super Mother's Day, part 3 by GW) before she
began to lick Lisa's shapely leg until she reached the juncture of her shapely
thighs.

Once Mitzi finished, she did the same to Lisa's left foot. When Mitzi finished
that task, she slowly began to tease Lisa by licking the lips of her pussy
before she moved inside and brought Lisa to cum after experiencing the biggest
orgasm so far while Lisa gently whipped her back with a riding crop. Then Mitzi
began to lick Mitzi's entire stomach before she began to work on Lisa's breasts.

When all of Lisa's two "DD" cup tits were covered with Mitzi's slob, Lisa
watched as Mitzi began to stroke her own eager clitoris, at her lover's
enjoyment with an intense desire to please Lisa. Then before Lisa could say
anything, Mitzi crawled south before she thrust her beautiful face close to the
object of her most forbidden desire.

Her slender fingers toyed with her own excited clitoris, but even more than the
physical stimulation, the excitement of servilely worshipping Lisa has brought
Mitzi to a shuddering climax, at the same time as Lisa came.

Even in the aftermath of that second intense explosion, Mitzi continued to
gently finger herself.  Then Mitzi returned to the times in which she was Lisa's
pet as she laid her head on Lisa's thigh, and glanced shyly up at her lover,
hoping for some word of praise, like an eager, obedient lap dog which came very
soon as Lisa told her: "rest Mitzi, you were marvelous. You are a great fuck and
it is my pleasure to have you here as my loyal lover. From the time that we met
I knew that you are the one for me, so I want you to rest and close your eyes."
And Mitzi did as she was told while Lisa went to her closet and took a strap-on
Dildo.

Once the Dildo was on, Lisa went back for the bed and after attaching a chain to
each of Mitzi's slave-bracelet: Lisa raised Mitzi legs before she rammed the
huge Dildo into Mitzi body. Once the Dildo was inside, Lisa began to fuck Mitzi
for the third time since they got up.

* * * * * * *

It has been an hour after Anne got out of the bath in a silk robe, and with Itty
following her, when she bumped with: slut, tramp, Bertha (or sow as she was
known), Hilda, Cynthia and Ditsy who were forced to say goodbye to Bimbo (who
returned to the clinic with Wendy) at her house of fun which was a new building
which Anne built to keep her "entertainment" in.

All the slaves stood in attention next to honey while Anne inspected them. Each
slave was very humiliated as Anne re-dressed them in costumes which were
basically a mockery of their once proud uniform.

The first one which Anne inspected was: the former DA of Empire-city, slut, and
the former Appellate Court Judge, tramp, who were naked and barefooted. Poor
slut was tied to a stool infront of Anne's favorite chair moaning as a large,
broom stick which was shoved into her ass (Anne promised Morganna to torment
slut, and that was what she did), while tramp's collar had a chain which was
locked to one hand of the chair. Poor tramp's hands were held inside a leather,
fingerless gloves and it was obvious that both women became her bitches.

In the middle of the room, Anne looked ay sow who had a sturdy chain, hanging
from the ceiling, to the fearful Sow's (Bertha's new name) slimly muscled waist.
With a quick movement of her incredibly powerful, little body, the scarlet imp
hoisted the distraught goddess, sobbing in despair, into the air. Sow scrabbled
at the floor with toes and fingers vainly trying to relieve the distressing
pressure on her middle.

Sow was only dressed in a tiny apron with the word: "Sow" printed on it in red.
Behind sow, Anne had her sobbing granddaughter, ditzy, who had large strap on
dildo on as she fucked her sow's ass. Poor ditzy tried to get away but she
couldn't because Anne smartly kept her hands in a fingerless leather gloves. The
other reason why she couldn't was because: Anne put three strings which one of
their ends was attached to the strap-on Dildo while the other end was attached
to a leather belt which was around sow's waist.

Once Anne finished, she saw: Cynthia and Hilda, who were pulling moaning and
squirming "mail bags" as they entered the room. Both slaves were now the new set
of twins as their hairs were bleached and held in a bun, so that they won't stop
the helpless and broken slaves. Each of them was dressed in a matching: 8" Black
platforms (which replaced their Golden and Red boots), gray fishnet-stockings, a
scarlet brassiere and matching garter belt, and a pair of white lace bikini
panties with a red heart in the center and a red mask which only covered their
eyes.

The last item (other then their red collars) was a gray shirt with Symbol of the
German fascist party over their: shoulders and on their harts. All of this was
made by Anne so that they will remember their past and their current status-quo
as her slaves.

Then as the helpless slaves looked on, Anne played: "doggy" with the helpless
Cynthia. The game consisted of Anne throwing her whip across the room, and
Cynthia scurrying after it on all fours, barking like a dog.  When she got to
the whip, she picked it up in her mouth, and crawled back to her mistress. When
Cynthia completed the humiliating performance, Anne never forgot to "reward" her
with a "treat", a sardine which she knew Cynthia detested from reading her file.

The former Power Miss had to sit up and beg for the "treat" while still barking.
Then when Anne gave her the "reward", Cynthia somehow gulped down the abhorrent
morsel gagging in disgust as she did.  After she gagged down the sardine, Anne
forced Cynthia to roll over on the floor, and "play dead", and then beg for
another "treat".

By the time Cynthia gagged down an entire two cans of sardines, Anne was ready
to move on to a new project.  She announced the next degrading chore for her
"pet": "you did better today Cynthia and that is why I decided to change your
name into: coco. So coco, it is time for my weekly pedicure now, Slut!"

Cynthia got out the cosmetics bag with the necessary supplies from the other end
of the playroom, while Anne who was in a good mood set in a chair smiling as she
always enjoyed having Cynthia servilely perform such personal homage to her. 
After she trimmed Anne's toenails, Cynthia applied red nail polish. She dreaded
this chore, because if she made the slightest mistake, Anne would punish her
unmercifully.

Once Anne's finished, she continued the inspection with the now re-instated
governor of Empire-City, Vera Vane, who was dressed in Blue opera gloves and
knee-high boots as well as a red collar with a leash. Then after began to play
with Vera's nipples, she looked at the next slave who was: Fairmaiden who had an
iron collar and chain fastened around her neck. That collar was an unbreakable
badge of her shame and defeat.

A few seconds later, Anne stopped playing with Vera's nipples and that was when
she grabbed both leashes before leading the sobbing slaves to a ring in the wall
to which she attached the chains. And looked over at: Laura Tisdale who only
wore a collar and her hair were attached held in a ponytail by a red ribbon
before she walked over to Milky.

Once Anne was next to Milky, she grabbed her leash as she informed her loyal
puppy, and the rest of the slaves: "you know Milky, you were right. You may be
one of the smallest slaves that I have, and yet you are one of the smartest.
Now, i know that both: you and honey miss buttercup, and that is why I decided
to bring buttercup over here as a reward for your good behavior. Now Milky, I
found a very interesting thing about your sister. Did you know that she used to
have a slave when she was a slave a few years back? Well I found her and she is
on the way.

And now I have a few special announcements:

1. Vera: I checked your authorities as a governor and decided that next week you
will submit a new bill to the rule book. That bill will be called: "the
legalization of the mistress establishment" and the 1st paragraph will state
that EVERY mistress who was a mistress before the law began will get immunity
against lawsuits. The 2nd paragraph will say: who is a mistress, how one can
become one and how long it will take for her to get a license that will be used
as a legal permission. Now I know what you will say and don't worry, the law is
behind you. After all: you will appoint me as your legal advisor. Once the law
will be working, you will declare that the corrupted ex-DA, Ulrica Wodden, who
was a bad apple in the system, was caught and sentenced for a life of servitude
as the slave of: Mrs. Anne Smith, who promised to keep her in place.
2. Laura Tisdale: you will become my general-slave.
3. Fairslut: my close friend, DD, told me that you are an excellent puppygirl,
so I decided to test that theory. You know, I couldn't recognize her when I saw
her. She was a small, female figure, scarlet all over, dancing in mid-air, like
some fairy. Anyway, to make it sweet and short: I'm gonna staht riaght now so
sugah yer gonna submit yer will into mine. Or in easier words: you are about to
use your position was the Managing Director of Station WSHOW, Capital City's
largest television station to support the new bill.

To make sure that you will do as I ordered, my ex-boss, Geri-Phillips, and a few
other mistresses decided to buy that station. So you see: all of you belong to
me for a reason, and as your mistress: I demand that you will do as I say. By
the way Vera, I forgot to mention that you will pardon ALL of the mistresses in
the area including my allies while you will crush our enemies. From now on: you
are a puppet and I'm pulling the strings. Now I did some thinking, and decided
that NONE of you shell see her comfy office or former home as you will NEVER
leave the primacies of the house without my permission.

Now, let's do a little recap: my name is Mistress Anne. And I will take the
control over your life from now on. One thing I can promise you though: once you
will make a mistake, I will be there to punish you. However, if you will be good
then we will have fun together. I know that most of you are being used to be
dominated like your friends: slut, tramp, sow, Hilda, Ditzy and Cynthia but
there is no need to worry because you'll be taken care of in one way or
another."

Then after Anne forced Vera and Laura to sign on a few legal documents which
submit their life to her will, she clicked her hands and her now loyal maid,
Jennifer who was dressed in her was dressed in her maid's uniform which
included: a full, black leather body-suit which had an attached 7" boots, apron
and zippers on her: pussy and tits while a doily cap decorated her Blonde head.

Jennifer was full with resentment (which Anne always knew how to use), so she
came with a costume while Vera was stripped from her boots and gloves. Once the
governor was naked, Jennifer fastened an electric training collar over Vera's
neck before she forced Vera's legs in. once Very legs were in place, her hands
were forced into place while Anne informed Vera: "Jennifer used to be a regular
maid before I bought her and little Karen. In her former life as a maid she used
to be brutally smacked for the smallest mistake, while forced to look at her
best friend used as a puppygirl (and she still forced to see that) so now she
became the perfect maid in return of my promise to give her time to spend with
her friend by training her and taking her for walks together with the other
puppies. Once she will finish, you will give the last speech wearing that belt
and then you will NEVER talk again like the rest of the puppies unless I will
order it. So I guess that it means that: Morganna Morgul, for whom you gave
legal power of attorney, will become the new governor of the district and will
help our friends. however, my dear: you will spend the time in your comfy kennel
while Morganna will use the governor's house, and the most important part is
that Morganna will have power while you will be another bitch in my kennels to
be used as I pleased.", once Anne finished, Jennifer who finished zipping Vera:
forced Vera to her hands and knees and placed a set of chains (in order of
keeping her on all fours) before pulling the hood over Vera's head.

Then as Jennifer placed another collar around the new puppy's neck, Vera tried
to beg but was shocked and that was when Jennifer whispered very quietly so that
Anne won't here: "I know who you are. Do you remember the little maid who tried
to talk to you in Scotland? That was me and you will pay for not listening to me
as I'm the one in charge over the mistress's bitches. I'm now twenty-three years
old in which three of them were used as a maid. I'm sorry for my English, for
three years I received a gag-order, but now after I became Miss Smith's maid and
Mistress Anne's slave I'll make you sorry."

Once Jennifer finished, Anne placed the belt around Vera's waist and once she
pressed on a button in the emote in her hand, Vera found herself in a business
suit before Jennifer grabbed her right hand and viciously dragged her to the
next room. In the next room, Vera saw a sign counting down as she was seated
infront of a blue screen and was told to read from the page which she did when
the sign said: "live":

"Dear citizens. As all of you know, I was not myself lately, and so I decided to
take a long vacation. Before I'll go to my vacation: I am now giving pardon to
the acting governor, Morganna Morgul, who will bring a new bill on my behalf to
the national comity. The new bill will be called: "the legalization of the
mistress establishment". And its 1st paragraph will state that EVERY mistress
who was a mistress before the law began will get immunity against lawsuits.

The 2nd paragraph will say: who is a mistress, how one can become one and how
long it will take for her to get a license that will be used as a legal
permission. I checked with my legal advisor who told me that I don't need to
worry, because the law is behind you. The new bill is a necessary need to our
community in order of punishing a corrupted establishment personal like the
ex-DA, Ulrica Wodden, who was a bad apple in the system, and was caught just
outside the city trying to cell drugs in a sting. Now I know that all of you
think that I'm a softy BUT I believe that we need to send clear massage to
criminals like her, and that is the reason for the bill.

Unfortunately Ms. Wodden refuse to tell where we can fine the master minds of
her operations: Megamaid, Superlass, Fairmaiden, Supergran, wonder woman,
power-miss, Crimson-hawk and the brain of the operation, the Silver Valkyrie.
However, we will find all of them. Now my friends, I have great news. You see, I
am glad to inform you that: Ms. Wodden or prisoner number: 90-650-27 stood on
trial and was sentenced for a life of servitude as the slave of: Mrs. Anne
Smith, who promised to keep her in place.

I also talked with the acting-governor who informed me who will be the new
District-attorney of Empire-city. That woman will be: Geri Phillip. Now I know
that there are a few people who believe that Ms. Phillips is the notorious
Shyster-Dame. That believes is untrue and based on a lie that was published by:
the Silver Valkyrie and her helpers without ANY basic in reality. Now as
everybody knows: in our city the DA is also operating as the legal advisor of
the governor, and no one can have much of knowledge in law as Ms. Phillips.

I hope that I will be able to see you soon.

Goodnight and god bless America." Once Vera finished, Jennifer took of the belt.
However, suddenly Anne had a change of her, and then while her loyal maid and
weapon, Jennifer, fastened a collar over Vera's neck Anne informed her two
slaves while she dropped Vera over her lap and spanked her ass: "Jennifer, I
have a better idea. Because you have been such a loyal maid to me since you
arrived, I decided to give you a pet of your own. I hope that you will be able
to have fun with your new pet (after work) and that you will be able to forgive
me for neglecting you since you arrived. You are a great maid and so I decided
to give you this remote control that will help you to keep your new pet in
place." Once Anne finished, she gave Jennifer the remote, and was ready to start
spanking Laura's ass with a brush as Jennifer left. But then Anne decided to
longer Laura's torment, so she rubbed Laura's ass with the brush as she informed
the helpless slave: "now Laura: the legal documents which you signed, give me
the control over your large bank-account so I guess that the good news for you
will be that your "loving" daughter will get an allowance of: 20,000,000 dollars
from your bank account while Vultura and Raven will get the usual fee which you
paid them of: 15,000,000 dollars each. The rest of your money will be invested
in my businesses of: milk productions, advertising agency which my grandparents
gave me and the race-queen agency that I own. Other then that Beverly and I will
split all of the things that you own like so: I will get ALL of the businesses
and one newspaper, while Beverly will remain with the other newspaper and the
rest of the assets which you used to own as well as a personal slave of her own:
the new police commissioner, Dorothy Andrews. Who knows, maybe one day I will
"hire" Dorothy as well.

Now slave, since my client and your loving daughter, Ms. Beverly Tisdale,
decided to impeach you from the ownership of the company I arranged the 2nd
contract that you signed on which said that you retired by YOUR own will to
work. You see Laura: the reason why you retired was to become one of my new
maids and one of my slaves when the law will be accepted.

Now Laura, just so you'll live by the following rules:

1. You will always address me as 'Mistress'.
2. Since I now share your power with Bev. I decided that you will give me any
information you have, that might be useful to me in my work! You are not allowed
to run around in those skimpy, superheroine costumes.
3. As my slave you will cooperate with: Barbie-Dahl and that slut, Lillith
Hardcastle, so that my: "natural milk" corporation will grow at the expans of my
competitors!
4. You will become my puppygirl, and NEVER walk upright again.
5. You will forget: Crimson-hawk or Falconette. You see slut: they are dead and
buried.
6. You will work for free.
7. Your new room will be in my dungeon next to the ones of: Meredith Jane,
Ellen, Scarlet, Jane, piggy, slut, tramp, and her aunt: Cynthia Lane, Ditzy, sow
and Hilda Kramm.
8. You will submit your will into mine.
9. Your life does not belong to you anymore, but they are mine.
10. You will worship my body and soul.

You lost everything that you had and now it is time for a change. From now on
Laura, you will learn how to become a submissive slave. I know that the two
years that you spent with your daughter destroyed the last shred of:
crimson-hawk, and now it is time to start your training." Once Anne finished,
she spanked Laura's ass five times on each side with the brush. However, Anne's
bigger plan was postponed when the heads of Anne's race-queens union, show-girls
union and exhibition-girls union came into the room and requested Anne's
attention. That woman was a stunning Japanese woman called: Keiko, who was
dressed in: white pumps, red latex thong and pink, latex bikini top without
straps. Keiko was elected to this job with Anne's support as she wanted to know
how the girls were doing, and both of them became close friends.

Then as Anne rubbed Laura's ass she said: "what can I do for you, Keiko?"

"Anne, do you remember when we once talked about the violence against us?" Keiko
asked worried.

"Yes Keiko. You told me that it is doesn't matter where you go, someone always
try to humiliate you or worst, so what can I do for you?" Anne asked.

"Well, a few of us set together and decided that we want to become your
property. You see Anne, we are torn: from one side we DON'T want to become
slaves. However, from the other side we re afraid so we thought that we may wear
your collars, and that way we might be spared as no one will be allowed to touch
us without your permission." Keiko showed her case.

"Wait one minute Keiko, I want to understand: you want to become my property?"
Anne asked shocked.

"Yes Anne." Keiko answered.

"But not my slaves?" Anne asked.

"Yes Anne." Keiko answered again.

"Fine Keiko, if you believe that this might help then let's do it. What I'm
offering is that all of you will get a tattoo that will say: "property of Anne
Smith.", you see Keiko a collar saying to the world that you are a slave.
However a tattoo saying that you are "between the chairs" if I can use that to
describe your case." Anne explained. Then after she finished, Anne gave Keiko a
sack full with papers and said: "all of these papers are legal and recognizable
agreements that will give you ladies what you want." Anne said before Keiko left
the room.

Then when they remained in the room alone, Anne's mood changed and that was when
she decided to start the doggie training but first: Anne dragged Laura into a
tiny room, where Anne trained ALL of her famous slaves. However, Laura won't
leave this room that will become her kennel after the training period will end.

Meanwhile in Rosy's office, Sarit looked at the two sluts which she bought for
her step-mothers's, Anne and Latifa's, birthday. The first one was a blonde
woman who had her big fat melons wrapped with clothesline so they were popping
out more than usual. Around her waist went a steel ribbed corset forcing her
into an even more hourglass shape.

Giant vibrators were stuffed up her pussy and ass and tied in. And weights were
hung from her nipple and cunt rings while a tight knit dress was then put on
where the ropes and weights on her breast were obvious under the dress. And the
weights on her cunt lips hung down below the hem of the dress.

On the slut's wrists were a pair of slave-bracelets which were clipped them
together behind her back essentially handcuffing her. The same was done to her
ankles with a very thin short chain so she could only take short steps. Then in
a closer look, Sarit could see that the slut had in her eyes a pair of contacts
so that her vision was totally out of focus.

Sarit, who once worked for an optometrist, knew that if something was more then
6" away she basically couldn't see it. The funniest part in her mind was that
the slut and Anne shared the same name. Then Sarit, looked at the next woman who
was a mother of her friend but since she became to dumb, her daughter sold her
to Anne. And now she became Rosy's secretary whenever she wasn't busy having sex
for her mistress.

The former respected mother was dressed in: 6" pumps, white knee-high socks with
red trims, Red bikini thong with matching top and a cap that her Blonde hair
went through. Sarit, who was still a rookie in Anne's world, never understood
her step mother. However, she was smart enough to learn from Anne who gave her:
Jamie, the mature Bimbo, as a slut whose only meaning will be to serve her
mistress.

Then when the phone suddenly rang, the mature Bimbo said (just like she was
trained to) in high, proud and perky voice: "Like, Ms. Sarit's--I mean,
Harrison's office. This is her secretary Jamie, how can I, like, help you? Oh,
hey Ms, Jones. Yeah, she's, like, doing work stuff with Sarit...Yeah! I'll stop
by tonight! My pussy's been missing your big strap-on Dildo a lot! Totally, I'll
get her!" before she ended the phone to Sarit who talked with Ms. Jones who was
one of Anne's clients when she worked as a lawyer.

Ms. Jones was the owner of a strip club in Which ALL of Anne's bimbo's and
stripers worked at in an exclusive terms. The agreement was that Anne sent some
of the hottest names  that she owned like: Charlotte, Sherri, Christina,
Jen-Jen, Squealer, Emily Johnson, Donna Stanton, Brenda Davis, Raven, Cheryl,
Brandi, Melody , cupcake, Barbie-doll "It", Bambi-doe, Cynthia Jones, Megen
Mahoney, Patrice, Mandi, Cindy, Caitlin, Candy and her daughter, Mindy who were
a great hit, ex detective Jenny Black and Moesha once in half a year for an
entire week in which Moesha had sex with: men, women, both or in which she
served all the gangs in the area 24\7 just like she was trained by her former
masters.

Other then those women, Anne also sent: her coeds who she bought from Dr. Chan
for: 2,000,000 dollar each, Honey (when Anne did not used her in some way),
ex-supermodel, Lisa Lovelace, one the former Prosecutor, Jane Malone, Amber and
her mother Lynn who were another great hit, JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten,
Cheryl, Patrice, Joy, Tiffany and Ursula, Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette,
Nikki Bauer, the former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle,
Ingrid when they were not used by Miki for a movie.

All of these women were very important to Anne who was proud at them. However,
not like in the case of the race-queens, Anne refused to allow the formation of
a union by her slave, and she knew that after the bill will be accepted, she
will be safe from that awful idea which she dreaded.

While Sarit was talking on the phone, Rosy got into the room after she had the
usual "walk of shame" in which Rosy went to the boy's toilet-room next to
Sarit's class and remained there from: 10:00 to 10:30 as she serviced ALL the
men who walked in, and then she went to the girls's locker room and serviced
them from: 10:30 to 11:00 where she served ALL of the lesbians in school in a
gang-bang.

Poor Rosy was dressed in her "uniform" for today which included: a pair of white
snickers, white thigh-high socks with pink trims, pink latex thong and a
matching tank-top with the address for Anne's site and Red collar. Other then
that Rosy's brunette hair had been permed, untamed and tangled giving her a wild
look as it became a blonde with strawberry highlights. Sarit was able to give
poor Rosy the look of a blonde bimbo as she showed how "respect" she had for her
teachers. All of the rage which Sarit got was aimed at her helpless slave who
sheltered her mistress.

* * * * * * *
"Yes Morganna... No, you will be the next governor. I will take care of him
before attending to the task of finding my father. Don't worry Morg. The road to
the governor's office will be ready by the time of your appointment. Darcie has
already come up with the solution to our problems and my new Media Corporation
will start to work." Anne once again re-assured Morganna who was excited, and
didn't have the desire to see the plan go down the drain before Anne hanged up
the phone.

Once Anne finished, she said while pointing at the doors of the cells on her
left: "here in the cells grandma, you will fine: Laura Tisdale, Fairslut, slut,
and tramp, Sow, Hilda, Cynthia and Ditsy who are my special slaves. Each of
these slaves was once a respected member of this community. However, like my
mother and I, they received a gag-order and were bend from their world. I'm not
blaming you and grandpa, but I do think that you were very quite while my mother
was sent to the wolves and were forced to an exile."

Then while Anne's grandmother looked, she said while taking a book out of her
purse and showing it to Anne who released the broken willed Barbie: "look Anna,
you know that we tried to talk for you right? However, you're mother's brothers
were very convincing. You see Anne, they used the fact that you are a bustard
and that your mother is a "whore" as they put it to exile the both of you.
However, I never stopped gathering information on behalf if you and Rachel. The
information that I got is in this book and will help you will help you."

When Anne finished, she ordered Barbie while playing with her new puppy, Coco:
"I have a special place to put you in Barbie. You see, over the last week, I had
a lot of free time to think what to do with you, and I decided to make you into
the perfect toy."

Then as Barbie looked on, she saw how Anne turned to her grandma and said:
"thank you." Before kissing her grandma on the cheek. Once Anne finished, her
grandma hugged her and went to check how her daughter and Mitzi are doing before
she'll catch her plane. Once they were left alone in the room, Anne replaced the
headgear with the ring gag, with a ring-gag that had Velcro-straps which were
connected behind her head and were kept fastened by a lock.

Once the lock was around her neck, Barbie looked on as her mistress, Anne,
removed her hood and collar before she forced her into another full body rubber
suit which was crouch-less. The second rubber suit was in the collar of Barbie's
original skin, and it also had gloves, and boots attached to it. Once Barbie saw
the outfit she hated it because she had the feeling that this was not all.

When Anne finished zipping the zipper on Barbie's back, the helpless slave
realized that there were holes which her tits went into and that her ass was
completely reveled as she began to shake in horror. Then as Barbie shook, she
looked as Anne grabbed her hair and pulled it through a tiny hole in her new
rubber hood. The hood itself covered her entire head accept for three sets of
holes: the first one was at her mouth, the other one was for breathing and the
last was for seeing.

Other then that, the hood itself also had a long floppy hears. Then as Barbie
thought that Anne finished, the later shoved a vibrator with Blonde hair to her
ass before she dressed Barbie in: Long Black dress, white button shirt and
attached a heavy chain of 4 pound metal ball to her leg. Once Barbie was
secured, Anne led her to a table and informed her: "now slut, for the next few
hours you will be my secretary so you better answer each AND every call." Before
she went to the new puppygirl, Coco lay crying and gently rubbed her head who
was dressed in a puppy costume which was a degrading piece of pseudo animal
flesh. Coco's hands had been changed. In fact, her whole arm was no longer the
representative of a member who was once at the top of the evolutionary food
chain. Her hand was now a paw. She could feel how her fingers and thumb had been
molded somehow underneath her new dog skin. She could even feel some kind of
padding placed under them to cushion them for some reason.

However, the most amazing part was how it actually looked like a dog's paw. It
had the little short digits with their corresponding claws made of rubber and
painted pink. It was covered with very short white dog hair like her snout. And
when she turned it over, it even had the dark padded areas of a dog's paw too.

In the process of moving her paw she noticed how the rest of her arm had change
into a dog's leg. Her arm was rigid, as if something stiff was covering her
elbow joint making it impossible for her to bend her arm there. The only
movement allowed her was at her shoulder and wrist area, and even those areas
seem limited in their degree of motion.

The short fur dog skin was all over her arm, except near her wrist. A white tuff
of fur surrounded her wrist as if it was a grandiose caterpillar, and just above
it was a narrow black strap with shiny metal studs around it.

Coco tried to use her new dog's leg to remove her snout, but it was hopeless.
She could not bend her elbow to reach it with her paw and only ended up banging
it with the side of her arm. Poor Coco's muzzle was not simply rubber glued to
her face. It extended into her mouth as well. In some weird feat of special
effects her muzzle was intricately attached to her skin, lips, teeth, and to the
roof of her mouth as well.

Coco tried to manipulate her lips that seemed stretched and compress inside. But
she did notice that her dog face seemed very rigid as it only allowed her to
open and close her mouth to a certain degree.

Out of a sense of increasing frustration with her inability to remove her dog
face, she began to shake her head. And that was when her long floppy dog ears
flew next to her face.

Coco (who never liked being a puppygirl) could not take it anymore. She had to
get out of there anyway she could. She did her best to get her front legs and
paws under her to raise herself up, and it worked. But in so doing she found
that her own legs had been folded back upon themselves at the knees and held
there. Thus she was only able to stand up on all fours, like a dog. She tried to
turn her head and look what they had done to her back legs, but for some reason
her neck was stiff with little capacity to move her head around. Especially when
she tried to see her hind quarters. She also noticed how her stomach area seems
constricted like a wide belt had been pulled tight around it. She tried to use
her paw again to reach her stomach, but again it was useless.

Her dog costume would not allow even that little bit of flexibility.

Then Anne led Coco to a where she could see that on her shoulders, back and
chest was a froth of white fur shaped into a large ball. She could even see her
bare nipples poking out from it as they were painted a bright hot pink just like
her claws. Around her middle was not a tight belt as she first thought, but a
very constricting leather waist cinch that was also studded with chrome inserts
in a fashionable design.

Her rear end had more of the same. Each leg was doubled up on itself and covered
with more of that white short haired dog skin. Her feet had somehow been turned
and forced to remain over her butt cheeks. And they were kept hidden from sight
under that same dog skin. Her butt cheeks as well as part of her hips and upper
thighs were again covered in round froths of white fur. One for each side
leaving the crack of her ass and pussy in plain view.

Her knees seem to match her front dog legs with fake padded paws attached to
them, hot pink colored claws and all. There was another caterpillar like tuff of
fur around her hind leg just above each fake paw. And another narrowed studded
black leather strap above that tuff of fur. And there was her long tail with a
ball of white fur at the end of it above her ass.

Just then as Anne was about to start look at the papers which her private
detective sent her, Miki got in the room and asked with her sadistic smile as
she hoped that Anne had another victim for her: "you wanted to see me Anne?"

"Yes Miki. Please sit down." Anne said pointing the Japanese woman to a very
comfortable chair.

"Look Miki. We know each other for quite a long time right?" Anne asked Miki who
looked at her confused.

"Yes Anne. Why? You are not going to kick me out right?" Miki asked worried from
Anne's tone of voice.

"No Miki, I'm not going to kick you out. However, I have a very special
proposition for you. You see Miki, I know where my father is and if it is okay
by you then I won't you to use him and a snuff movie." Anne said looking
straight into Miki's eyes, with a glimpse of happiness in those Blue eyes of
her.

"Let me see if I got it straight Anne. You want me to take your father, the man
who you have your life thank to and that I'll kill him?" Miki said still in
shock from Anne's proposal. It was very easy for Miki to make a snuff movie.
However, Anne's offer was that she'll torture her father.

"Miki, the only thing that I share with my father is my life. My life which were
given to me at the expans of my mother. Now Miki, I don't want you to kill him,
because he has a mistress of his own and that is why I can't do to him what I
want to. However, if my plan will go according to the schedule then you will
have another name that will be added to your belt: Linda. You see Miki: Linda is
my father." Anne said and watched as Miki's jaw dropped ALL the way to the
floor.

The end of Chapter 22.

The permissions:

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW, Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW
and used with the author's permission.  Rosy was taken from the stories:
"Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson" by GW, Cynthia (power miss) was taken
from the stories: Fraulein Power's Trophies, Latin Holiday and "Fraulein Power"
by GW she is used with the author's permission.
2. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: "Bimbo Dot Com" by
MrGray, Brenda Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer
Black were taken from the story: "What Men Look for in Women", and Jamie was
taken from the story: "Jamie's new job" by MrGray and used with the author's
permission.
3. Barbie\Barbara Derman and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat"
by Musker, Ms. Waneright Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Dr. Stein and Karol were
taken from the story: Omens - a Halloween tale and it sequels by Musker and ALL
of them are being used with Musker's permission.
4. Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
5. Charlotte and Sherri were taken from the story: "Charlotte" by Parker,
Christina was taken from the story: "Christina" by Parker, Barbie Dahl was taken
from the story: "Career Opportunities" by Parker, Jen-Jen was taken from the
story: "Pool party" by Parker, Jennifer and Karen were taken from the story: 
"Dear diary" by Parker and Squealer was taken from the story: Squealer" by
parker. All of the characters are being used with Parker's permission and that
story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories.
6.  Cupcake was taken from the story: "Becoming cupcake" by the mayor of Cherish
and the way that she was dressed to the wedding is used with the author's
permission + this story is NOT a sequel.
7.  Donna Stanton and Emily Johnson were taken from the story: "Becoming her
maid" by Jackpot, and Stacy Erickson taken from the story: "Social security
slut" by Jackpot. All of them are used with the permission of Jackpot.
8. Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story "Surrendering
Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author: Night_Writer and
just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a sequel to the story.
9. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
10. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, in books
which are available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and also a few of the ideas were inspired by her comics and
it is used for MY personal use ONLY.
11. Darcie was taken from the story: "return of the ultimate lovedolls" by
Vendatrix.
12. Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.
13. Itty-Bitty was taken from the story: "Itty-Bitty" by Marlissa, and used with
the author's permission.
14. Anne and Susie were taken from the story: Cheerleader Picture by Ninja
Turtle.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 23&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Anne continues her job as a mistress with an ancient help, new bodies and
humiliations.&gt;

Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to any of
the stories or the comics which I borrowed characters from.

2. All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca,
in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net.

3. This chapter is dedicated for a very special "muses".

Part_23- Samira Cohen

"So how money you want to keep my secret, Candace?" Anne asked her blackmailer
in a submissive tone of voice.

"Two Million dollar one every week. Tell me Anne: why do you have the: dress and
artifacts of Samira Cohen?" Candace asked Anne pointing at the floating sex
balloon who was dressed in a pink dress which reminded the style of Mortishia
Adams. On her hands Anne had two pink veils and another pink veil covered her
entire face accept for her eyes.

Other that, the sex balloon had around her neck a golden necklace with a very
dark diamond at the middle of it, around her waist was a golden belt and over
her head was a tiara.

"Nice don't you think. Once that woman used to be free until a friend of mine
caught her and after he dressed her in leather outfit, I forced her to drink a
potion and she turned into this. You see Candace; I'm a direct descendant of:
the great Samira Cohen. Now slut, what do you know about her?" Anne continued to
mock her un-suspecting victim.

"She was a nomad. Her nickname was "the band alchemist" because she used to be a
respected member in a community until she was betrayed by her lover who accused
her in having relations with the Erishka-Morgul. Samira was band from her city
and marked with a tattoo which warned people about her. According to the legends
and some of the facts, she used to be very powerful women and liked to use a
very special potion against her biggest enemies. Now if you are what you told me
then you'll probably be able to know its name." Candace said with a smirk.

"The name of the potion is: Shangri-La-El-Ur-Kasdim. You just drank and entire
cup of it and once I'll finish the transformation will begin. You see: that
potion was so strong that none of the women in my family (my mother as well)
were too afraid to use it. you forgot to mention that when Samira died, she
swore that one day there will be a new alchemist around that will be as good as
her, and the family will know it when they will see a girl wearing her cloths.
These cloths that I'm wearing now." Anne said with a dark smile as Candace fell
to floor chocking before she began to shake.

"You see slut, once the transformation will end, you will turn into a creature
called: Zombie. Now as you know from the way that you looked at me when I said
the name of the potion: once the transformation will end, you will never be free
again as the enslaver will take over your life. You see the first thing that
will go will be your ability to resist me and then you'll see. Now you tramp,
not only that I won't give you a cent but I'm going to take over your life. You
see my dear slut, once the potion will finish its job you won't be capable of
doing nothing but to pleasure your mistress and ding her bidding." Anne said
before she went to where Barbie set hopelessly and had lines of drool over her:
mouth, bare tits after the leather piece which covered them was removed.

Then as Barbie mumbled as she tried to answer the calls on the phone which was
infront of her as ordered, but there was no way that she would be able to do it
with the second rubber outfit which Anne gave her only one week. You see, thank
to the second outfit, Barbie's hands has turned into a useless pair of slippery
mittens which prevented her from pressing on the lines and hold the phone at her
hear.

Anne (who enjoyed Barbie's humiliation) looked at her spitting anywhere as Anne
came closer to her and began to taunt her helpless secretary who was in tears:
"is it hard for you? Well Barbie, I never knew that you are such a lazy bimbo.
You are nothing but an animal that is here to entertain me. You and Candace here
have one thing that you share: the two of you used to be very annoying bug until
I squashed you. Poor Candace, she thought that she can come here and blackmail
me because she is so rich. However, thank to Samira: I showed her that dealing
with a mistress is not an easy task. That whore will never blackmail anyone
again, and Sarit will have a new slave to train. I will make sure of that. You
know what, I have a better idea: she will become her puppy-girl so that it will
be easier for her to get over her dumb mother."

When Anne finished, she grabbed her sex-balloon before she opened a secret door
which led her to a steps which led Anne under the face of the earth to a secret,
corridor which was very long and consisted of many cells in which she kept her
slaves and dolls as couples. Each cell looked more like a stable then a regular
cell. Inside the cells, each one of the slaves was naked accept for a pair of
padded mittens (which turned their hands into a useless tool), knee pads with
the words: "Anne's property" printed on it, and heavy taped feet. Other then
that each slave had a collar with a dog-tag which had the slave's: name, number,
owner's name and what they use at.

The doors of the cells were made of two parts: lower part and upper part which
had two frames which contained a "before" pictures where all the same type, a
woman photographed from the waist up in fetish wear, and all sporting a relaxed
warm happy smile. These women all seemed to be quite capable, intelligent and
well groomed. They looked like executives, secretaries, college coeds, lawyers,
and in general, your basic high caliber rolemodels of today's women. There was
nothing to make out anything that showed a weird or kinky interest at all.

However, the "after" pictures seemed to be totally reverse of that image. In
fact, the difference was so striking that she seriously thought that maybe these
beautiful women were tricked or forced into these so-called "make-overs". Next
to those frames was a sign which had the new names of the slaves.

Each door also had two looks on each end, and inside the cell there was a stool
that the slaves set on. However, if it was the cell in which Anne kept her
puppygirls, then there was a straw that they will be able to rest on between
training to their hourly inspection and performance. According to Anne, the only
slaves who were not kept in a cage were her: bimbos and whores who worked in her
motel after she had a feud with the owner of the strip-joint where they used to
work.

There at the end of the corridor, was a regular door and behind it was Anne's
laboratory. Once inside, Anne took red pill forced it into the balloon's mouth
after taking her veil up. Then a few minutes later the sex balloon began to
shake her head and tried to talk but there was no sound, and that was Anne began
to coo her: "ho, poor Alexandra can't talk. Did I forget to tell you that the
cloths that you wear were belonged to Samira's first slave? Well slut you will
never be able to talk again without my permission, as long as that veil is on
your face. You used to be the most promising Lawyer. You were so good that I
almost lost my job, but here you are slut: being used as a mannequin. By the way
slut, I want you to meet your keeper: your younger sister, Amy."

Then before Anne led the puppy in, she locked a chain over Alexandra's waist.
Once the lock was placed, Anne led Amy in and that was when Alexandra so her
sister dressed in: one-piece suit with mittens shaped like paws for hands
attached to it. The outfit itself was made of flexible material; without any
zippers or buttons. Poor Amy has been sewn into the suit. And she had a
butt-plug tail and a gag-muzzle shaped like a snout to complete the suit.

Meanwhile in another room, Sarit lay in her bed with Simon licking her right
boob. Sarit just loved the way that Simon's new flexible body and her
magnificent new tongue worked their magic over her young body. Simon's new
tongue was extended until she was able to lick her own pussy and ass, while her
body was now more flexible allowing her to bend until she reached her pussy and
could kiss it.

On her part; Sarit still treated Simon the same, and in return Simon used her
skilled tongue to bring pleasure to the teenager.

Then after a while in which Simon once again "marked her territory", she
stopped, and that was when she began to tease her pierced left nipple with her
experienced tongue, while using her hands to get the boob closer to her mouth.
Simon may have got a longer tongue and flexible body, however in her mind there
was no need to use neither to perform easy task like licking her own tits.

The two were now resting after a long night of playing, and then as Sarit
watched Simon, she asked her: "do you like your new body my love?"

"Yes Sarit, I absolutely love it. Thank to Anne, I feel like a new woman who can
do almost everything. However, I'm not that sexy as I wanted to be. You see
Sarit; I was afraid that if I'll be prettier then you, then you might leave me."
Simon used one of her new talents, talking clearly while she used her tongue,
and even though she enjoyed herself, Sarit knew that she was worried.

"You have nothing to worry about, Simon. I will NEVER leave you." Sarit said
before she gently pushed Simon's back until she was on the bed, and that was
when Sarit began to lick her Pussy until Simon got an orgasm and "blew" in
Sarit's face giggling as Sarit told her to clean her face.

* * * * * * *
Anne just finished her job in the laboratory before she arrived to the cell of:
Slut and tramp, and began to open the doors. Once the two parts were opened,
Anne grabbed Slut's hand and pulled her out of the cell and once the helpless
slave was out of the cell she was forced to close the doors with the locks
before Anne grabbed her hand and dragged her to her office.

When they were in the office, Anne informed slut: "as you know slut, a court of
law sentenced you to be my slave for life. However, as a respect to the great DA
that you used to be before you began to cell drugs, I decided to turn you into
my personal-assistant. Now I know what you think and the answer is; yes, you
won't be paid for your work, and: no, you will be to busy then to inform the
police who won't believe a scum like you. Now slut as my assistant, you will be
wearing those cloths, now start dressing up!" Anne informed the helpless Blonde
who did as she was ordered.

Then after slut saw that she had no hope she began to dress in her uniform which
included: red fishnet-stockings, Golden garters, Red g-string which was shaped
as a hart and had golden chains running over her leather skirt which its trim
ended 1 inch above the edge of her pussy and had a zipper at the back of the
skirt which Anne left open so that she'll have a better look of the humiliated,
ex-DA's crack and buns. Over her breast, poor slut had a cupless leather bra
with chains running to a ring which her nipples pocked through. It took Anne
lots of time to decided what will be the perfect items to complete the mental
effect, and so the first item which Anne gave slut was the flee bitten red vest
which slut hated more then anything in her life as a slave because there was no
way to close it and just to remind slut where she stood; Anne forced her to wear
the red chauffer hat.

Then after a short inspection, Anne informed slut while rubbing her bare ass:
"now slut, from now on your name will be: Amy-Jones. Now I planned that today we
will go to mall in order of getting you a few things to complete your new look.
But first a few questions: who are you?"

"Amy-Jones." Slut answered her mistress humiliated, with her head bow down in
humble appreciation as she was trained.

"What are you?" Anne asked slut as she zipped the zipper down, and finely
covered slut's ass.

"I am your personal-assistant." Slut answered even more submissively.

"Excellent, now slut; raise your head!" Anne ordered and slut hurried to comply.
Once slut was with her head up, she was led to Anne's car and that was when they
began the tour. The first stop was the tattoo and piercing parlor at the local
mall which Maria bought after Anne gave her what she dreamed about, her freedom,
in return for free works when Anne will need it.

Once Anne's foot was inside the parlor, Maria greeted her ex-mistress (who kept
ALL of the information about her) and said: "welcome to my humble parlor Mrs.
Smith. What can I do for you?" and even though she tried to hide it, Anne
senesced her fear.

"Well, let's start with the fact that ALL of Amy's new jewelry must be
removable. Now I want you to pierce her accordingly: I want you to give Amy: a
nice nose ring, 2 rings on the side of each eyebrow, pierce her nipples, give
her the flower around her bellybutton. Don't worry; you have my finger-print.
However, I worn you: if the flower won't be able to be removed; you will be
sorry.

And finish the job with 4 rings on each pussy lips and another one on her clit.
Now remember; I want to here the bitch scream so NO pain-killers but be very
careful. If something will happen to her Morganna would kill me, and you know
how much she loves to see Amy humiliated, AND in one piece.

Once you will finish with her pussy, I want you to give her the tattoos that I
ordered." Anne finished and looked at Maria who motioned to some woman. When the
woman reached them, Anne saw that the woman was very muscular and was dressed
like a biker cheek in an outfit which included: 5" boots and Black leather pants
with matching shirt, while Maria told her: "Sandra, can you please take Amy to
room five?" then after the woman nodded; yes, she threw Amy on her shoulder and
took Amy to meet her fate while one of Maria's worker tied a "close" sign on the
door.

Once Anne remained alone, she noticed Pinky who was still dressed in her rubber
outfit as she cleaned the floors. Then for the next half hour, Anne heard Amy
screaming as she read the daily newspaper until the doors to where Amy was
taken. There at the front stood Amy with Sandra and another woman holding her
arms as they dragged her to where Anne set.

When Amy stood infront of Amy, Sandra removed her skirt and vest so that Anne
will be able to inspect her slave. The first thing that Anne looked at was Amy's
face which now tattooed and it looked as if they had a slutty makeup which
included: her face was pained white, her lips looked as if they had a cherry-red
lipstick, on her cheeks the ex-DA had pink, round spots, around her eyes was a
silvery shade of eye-liner.

Then Anne looked at Amy's after Sandra turned her. And that was when she saw
that her right ass cheek was branded with "Property of Mistress Smith" while on
her left ass cheek was another tattoo which said: "I used to sell drugs, and now
I became a dumb Fuck Toy". Then Amy was turned again, and Anne could see that
her right tit, just above her areola was tattooed with the word "drug dealer",
while the left one said, "Corrupted DA." Amy also had another tattoo in the
middle of her belly, between the bottoms of her tits and her navel which said:
"I love my mistress." While it continued under the navel until the g-string
with: "who took me under her wing and agreed to turn me into a descent citizen."

On her left thigh she had another tattoo which said: "for women only.", while at
the right thigh was another one which said: call me at: xxx-xxx-xx-xx" while she
also had a tattoo on her left knee saying: "I'm a slave." While her right said:
"Call my mistress."

Once Anne finished the inspection, she ordered Amy to lick the asses and pussies
of the parlor's staff, which the helpless and humiliated woman did. Once Amy
finished, Anne took her to a place which was called: "let us improve the look of
your slave" where Amy spent one hour in the operating room. In that hour her
face was changed a little.

Once Amy was out, Anne was very pleased with the results and once Anne gave her
permission, Amy was taken to a mirror and wanted to die right there on the spot.
In the mirror, the former DA watched in horror as she now looked like cupcake
with her new: a pencil thin eyebrows rose high, cute, perky, button nose,
resting above a set of unbelievably fat, collagen enhanced lips, shaped into a
cupid's bow which were made into a perfect, bee-sting pout. Amy's new lips were
so puffy that she couldn't even close them. They seemed to always be open in a
perpetual "o" and were swathed in a coat of thick, pink lip gloss.

Her cheekbones were made higher with the collagen.

Suddenly as her slave opened her mouth to sob, Anne saw that her tongue was
pierced with three rings (1 golden at the tip, and 2 silver rings at the sides
of the tongue) and that Amy also had a stud in the middle of her tongue and that
was when Anne decided to change her plans for Amy. The next stop on Anne's
original plan was the clothing center. However, now she remembered a formula
which Samira used to use so she had to get Amy to be hooked on cigarettes, and
that was why she bought a pink purse with Disney's characters on them for Amy
before they went to a kiosk where Anne bought Amy twenty packs and a lighter.
Once all of this was in the purse, Anne ordered her to start smocking them.

As Ulrica-Wodden she never smocked as she believed that her body was her temple.
However, after spending one year as Anne's slave she realized that it would be
wise to co-operate with her mistress but she needed help, so Anne took her one
step after the other on the way to the clothing area.

Once they got to the clothing area, Anne sent Amy to get a cart, while she
decided to get her slave a new wardrobe which was broken up into many categories
just like Cupcake's but with more options.

Once they finished, Anne and Amy returned to the car. When they arrived to the
car, poor Amy labored in getting the cloths into the car while Anne informed
her: "you know Amy, you were great today. That is why I decided to allow you to
work late today. You see slut, ever since: ditzy and tramp went "underground"
and sow began to work with her co-owner, Suzy Wang, 24/7 then you have a lot of
housework to finish up! Now, since we are a little shorthanded, today you'll
work triple as hard today. However, since the maids still work; you'll get all
of the humiliating and degrading chores like: cleaning MY private bathroom with
your toothbrush, polish ALL of my shoes, taking out the trash, scoop Eeyore's
drops with your hands, cleaning the floors at the rest of the house with sow's
special brushes and then you will finish the day with "fuckface" as the two of
you will be fucked by her trainer, Achmed The Shitfucker! Do you know why he is
called like that?" Anne asked her terrified assistant.

"No Mistress." Amy answered humiliated.

"That is because he loves covering a woman with excrement from head to toe. He
works it into her hair, massages it into every square inch of her skin: her
face, her earholes, her breasts, between her toes, under her fingernails, up her
nose. He works it into every crack and orifice. That's foreplay for good ole
Achmed the Shitfucker! But like fuckface, you will eat shit. You see, Morganna's
condition was that I will humiliate you, and that is what I'll do as your
encounter with Achmed will be taped. Understood Amy?"

"Yes Mistress." Amy mumbled brokenly as the fleas began to bite the humiliated
slave as closed the door of the trunk. Then as she still scratched, Amy opened
the door for her mistress who informed her: "now remember Amy; you used to be
District Attorney Ulrica Wodden, the criminal mastermind! Now, I received a word
from my informant in the 'narcs' which said that your: house, car, and
everything else you own are mine!

However, it seems that there are more evidence turned up, that you were involved
in drug money laundering! Tough Break, Counselor! You better be very nice me, or
I may convince Morganna to bend you from the parole list. And besides, if to
quote my mentor: "Without her super powers, Silver Valkyrie might not fare too
well in the prison system, especially when it's revealed she's a former DA!",
then as Amy put her face in hands, sobbing in despair; Anne un-zipped her zipper
and forced her to stand there for a while with her ass shown.

Then as Amy sobbed in humiliation, Anne continued to chortle: "Now Amy, your
first act today will be; to drive me to the next meeting of the Lunacy
Commission so that I will be able to appear before her, to have Judge Deirdre
Mainwaring re-declared insane. And then once I will get Geri's support 
appointing ME, her permanent Legal Guardian. That way I will be able to legally
transfer her into my ranch and she won't be able to leave. Won't that be super,
Amy? You know I'll take special care of the poor, dippy darling! In fact you can
count on that, she will work her ass like she never did!" before she went to the
driver seat and drove away with a tear in her eye.

On the way to the ranch, Amy stopped in a red light, and that was when Anne saw
sow and two of her co-mistress, Suzy and Lynn Wang. Poor sow was standing with
her face at some wall, with her hands on her head and her pink laced panties
tangled around her knees wobbling knees, while Lynn tried to calm her dominatrix
down.

Then as the car stopped, Anne could hear Suzy furiously condemning sow: "now you
listen to me, old bag! If I will hear in the future that you refused then I
don't care what neither of the other co-mistresses, Anne or Leticia, will say:
you will be punished. Thanks to you, I lost 500 bucks which I had to return
because the slut decided that she won't give her famous blow-job for someone.
Remember one thing slut: Leticia may have; Wendy and toy to enforce her will,
Anne might have the law on her side but at the end of the day I'm the one who
decide how obedient bitch you were. You see: we all have an agreement which said
that; if you are not good then I get you for an entire week of training. That
means that you have until tomorrow morning to shape up, or else..." then as Anne
began to get into the business, sow entered the car (with her panties still on
her knees) just as the light changed and Amy began to drive after she received
Anne's permission.

In the car, Anne forced sow to strip before she gave sow her (sow's) old:
necklace and blue sky panties which replaced her pink once from the times in
which sow was still free woman. Once sow was dressed, Anne cut the places where
the sweater covered her breasts, before she forced sow to tie the sweater like
she had her t-shirt. After sow did as Anne ordered, the later took a dildo and
began to fuck sow's mouth for the rest of the ride after she ordered Amy to take
the longer path.

Finely after 30 minutes of driving, they finely returned to the ranch. Then
after Amy shut down the car, she submissively opened the door of to the
passenger seat and once Anne and saw were out; Anne said: "that was a very good
ride Amy. Now before you'll start to take the close to my office and model them;
I heard that there was a certain tradition that you and Geri shared. Why won't
you show it to me?"

Once Amy heard her mistress's request, she knew that it was actually an order
made in "Anne's style" as the slaves (who were able to think) referred to it.

Then without thinking, Amy: dropped to her hands and knees, and crawled to Anne
before she bent her stiff, haughty back, and crouching low, kissed Anne's boot
in submission, just like she did with Morganna and Geri's boots. Just like
Morganna, Anne was never generous in victory (Anne's victory was more a victory
over the mind, so she spitefully, kept her vanquished foe to her mortifying
task, until the sobbing superheroine kissed and licked every inch of her boots.

Amy who feared Anne's reaction if she won't be good, did her best until suddenly
she stuck her head under Anne's skirt. Once there Amy kissed Anne's thighs
before she pulled her panties aside and licked Anne's hairless pussy. Once she
finished, Amy asked: "Mistress, why don't you have hair over here?" as she
pointed at Anne's pussy.

"My idiot father wanted to humiliate my mother. So when I was a baby he took me
to a laser surgery to make sure that I won't have hair there. That way my mother
gave birth to a freak and he doesn't have anything to do with it. By the way;
who told you to stop? Believe me that you will pay for that. Now get moving!"
Anne ordered pointing at the trunk. Then as Amy went to do her job, Anne took
sow to the pig-pen where willbore waited for his "wife". After she disappointed
Anne once to many, sow was moved from the warm cell of her grand-daughter to the
pig-pen.

Meanwhile at the ranch, Miki got into the main stage of her movies where Linda
was tied to the torture rack for the 7th day. Miki was dressed in black: full
bodysuit made of leather with attached 5" thigh eye boots and gloves so that she
won't be "exposed to the scum" as Anne put it. Other then that Miki had a mask
on her face which only covered her eyes, while around her waist was a belt with
whips hanging from it.

Then Miki informed Linda and her usual crew of painsluts, as she stood next to
their cages: "I am very disappointed from ALL of you. How long you wretched
bimbos work as my painsluts? The performance that you gave infront of Anne was
the most idiotic thing that I ever saw. ALL of you will pay the price once I'll
finish my work with Anne's father. So you better pray that I won't finish it
soon because your routine WILL be changed for the worst. However, since I'm not
allowed to kill you; I'm going to torture you."

Then Miki came closer to Linda and asked him: "who do you think is the prettiest
painslut: one of the coeds, ex-supermodel, Lisa? Maybe the former Prosecutor
Jane? Or is it one of the original painsluts: Amber, her mother, Lynn, JoJo,
Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy, Tiffany, Ursula, Lillith,
Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki, the former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee,
Kelly or Ingrid?"

"Jojo." Linda answered before Anne opened Jojo's cage and took her out of the
room.

A few minutes later, Miki returned into the room with a leash which was attached
to a collar that was fastened around Jojo's neck. Poor Jojo was dressed in a new
outfit which included black: 9" stiledo boots heels, Leather and Fishnet Studded
Choker Teddy. Then after Miki left the leash, Jojo went to the torture rack with
a nine-tail whip and began to whip Linda's ass until Miki told her to stop. Once
Jojo heard Miki's order she; dropped to her knees, put her hands on her head
before she began to take her tongue in and out of her mouth, without stopping as
she feared Miki's retaliation.

* * * * * * * *

Amy just finished modeling the last outfit, and now she looked together with her
mistress at the twins, Barbie-doll and cupcake, who set on a sofa.  Both
Barbie-doll and cupcake's become a "twins" and looked like a pair of cartoons.

Both doll was dressed in the usual outfit which they wore since becoming Anne's
private doll. The outfit itself included dressed in: a pink, mini Alice in
Wonderland dress adorned her new frame. Modified for an adult (or a teen), the
dress was a pink satin frock, with white lace trim. It began at their neck, just
below her steel collar and stretched tight down their shoulders towards puffy,
lacey sleeves ending just above her elbow.

Over their 34E breast-line, a heart-shaped opening with white lace trim was cut
out of the fabric of the dress. Done very professionally and with an eye for
tease, the heart-shaped hole opened up only enough to reveal the tight crevice
of Cupcake's massive new tits. Two cream colored breasts that strained against
the satin surface, but were not allowed to squeeze through the window of the
dress. Only peak and wink at the observer with nipples the size of a fingertip.

Underneath the dress, the breasts were needlessly lifted and held up at the
crown of a Victorian style corset which ran all the way down to the beginning
mound of Barbie-doll and cupcake's new asses. Laced with whale bone, the corset
further ground Barbie-doll and cupcake's 18 inch waist into a 16 inch hourglass
and emphasized their hips even further. giving their asses the look as if it
existed in its own zip code. Anne had taken great pleasure in setting her alarm
an hour earlier that day, just so she could take her time lacing the sluts into
the prison of the corset making sure to keep it in place with a tiny padlock
which vanished under the satin at the base of the corset.

On the outside, a dainty, white, lacey apron was tied around her microscopic
waist, disappearing at the back of the dress under a huge, stiff, pink bow that
rested above Barbie-doll and cupcake's bubble but underneath the stiff
petticoats that rose the tiny hem of their dress almost horizontally at her
sides, Barbie-doll and cupcake wore a special thong which housed two battery
operated dildos. Dildos which rested safe and snug. one deep in her ass and the
other, deep in her cunt. Walking around with these busy vibrators engorged in
both of their ends felt like riding a horse that was constantly hurdling fences.

On their waist, above the pretty little thong, a garter belt suspended the tops
of two white stockings which encased Barbie-doll and cupcake's legs making them
seem almost doll like in their creamy whiteness. Furthermore, the fasteners of
the garters were clearly visible under the puffy hemline which ended an inch
above the base of her pussy lips. And at each buckle, which held the stockings,
a pink satin bow was adorned.

Staring down at her dress, Barbie-doll and cupcake felt like a Christmas present
for some little girl. A life-sized Barbie Dolls dressed with pink, lace ribbons
and all.

Pink, patent leather ballet heels assured that Barbie-doll and cupcake would be
walking on tippy toes all day long like a pretty ballerina. Even if their mind
would allow them, Barbie-doll and cupcake could not remove the sky-high heels,
for they were padlocked on as well under the satin ribbons of the spaghetti
straps which laced around her ankles.

White gloves, made of an expensive kid, were fastened over the palms of their
hands by a tiny, heart-shaped button on the cuff. The gloves were so tight, that
Cupcake's exposed fingers felt as if they were cut off from the rest of her
hand.

Their make-up was impeccable. Staring at themselves in the mirror infront of
them, Barbie-doll and cupcake were amazed that they had known exactly what to do
with all the different foundations, enhancers and glosses. While their dwindling
intelligence no longer allowed them the skills to figure out how to read a
hand-clock, in little under thirty minutes, both Barbie-doll and cupcake had
perfectly sculpted her face to that of a porcelain doll's.

Starting with a white, creamy foundation, Barbie-doll and cupcake had layered
their face and neck. Next, pink rouge dusted their cheekbones, making them
appear even higher than they had already been lifted. their thin, arching lashes
rose above two round, blue eyes, bathed in pink and black liner and surrounded
up and down by long, batting lashes swathed in mascara. A thick, pink, glossy
coating was applied to her puffy, new lips. And then two more coats were added
on for longer lasting and a more "wet and hungry" look.

When completed, Barbie-doll and cupcake's new lips resembled a hungry, wet
vagina on her face with a color that could practically glow pink in the dark.
The severity of the collagen had fattened her lips into a permanent "o" so that
they were unable to close completely. This gave her the look of silly school
girl, lost and confused by all the complicating things around her. And the fact
that their eyes were as big and as round as a doll's now, did not exactly help
either.

Try as they might, Barbie-doll and cupcake saw a stupid, cutesy, airheaded girl
staring back at her whenever she looked in the mirror.

Their platinum blonde hairs, corkscrewed into French curls, cascaded down around
their shoulders, resting on the twin mounds of her 34E tits. The final pink bow
rested high on top of her curly head and the words "Bimbo Slut" embroided on its
fabric. Bowing their head in shame and sorrow, both dolls instinctively began
sucking on the rubber dildo in their mouth.

 stood her ex-husband, Sport who was hopeless by now as he was hanging from his
ceiling. His eyes were stretched to the limit by slave-bracelets which were on
his wrists and attached to a chain by a lock. Other then that Sport had: a
cock-cage and a sack on his dick, a collar and a sign which said: "my mistress
is using my wife and all I have is this lousy sign.", over his mouth Sport had
gag-muzzle with a chain that held his head eye so that he will be able to see
his hands.

Then as Amy stripped infront of her mistress, Anne said: "Remember one thing:
I'm a daughter of a woman who used to be a slave so I know ALL of the tricks.
You may call this the advantage that I have over the likes of you, or in other
cases; the kind of Sport who wants to have is wife back to him. However Amy, the
only problem that he has, is that wife is no more his. Now Amy, you know what to
do." Anne informed Amy who walked over to Anne's desk in her new pink boots.
Once Amy was next to Anne's desk, she lay over it and stole her own strong
fingers to her golden pussy. Once there, Amy slavered as she fingered her own
pussy and played with her pierced clit, until she achieved frantic release.
However, she did not stop.

Just then Bettina appeared in a genie outfit which included: Veil, Sleeves, Bra,
Thong and Sheer Pants all adorned with coin trim. Next to Bettina was a brown
haired woman, who had on each of her arms; an un-removable golden bracelet. The
only cloths that the woman wore were a maid uniform which included: super
abbreviated flounced skirts, that didn't reach the top of her thighs, no
undergarments, with white lace aprons, that extended between her bounteous
breasts but did not cover them, black fishnet stockings with garters and a doily
cap to finish the picture. Other then that, the woman wore a diamond collar and
around her eye was what looked like a recuperating shiner and her back was full
with purple marks. Then as Anne inspected the new slave, Bettina looked at her
niece until she heard Anne saying: "great job slave. Was it hard to fine her?"

"No mistress. She was with Ilsa where you told me. When I found them, Ilsa was
resting in the sun while Drusilla infront of her in the middle of a gang-bang.
Her former mistress told me that she likes to be in that sack when she is not
being used." Bettina answered as she handed her mistress a body sized bag, still
looking at her niece.

"Great, now return to the ring. Once there you will wait for further
instructions. By the way, I promise you that I will take a special care of Amy.
You know slave, like you; Amy will never be free and that is why I decided to
re-train her until she will become the obedient slave. As my slave you can be
sure that Amy will fine herself. And just so you'll know; I'm seriously thinking
about using Amy here is my arrant-girl for special tasks.", when Anne finished,
Bettina bowed in curtsy before returning to the ring, while Anne turned her
attention to; "creature", who earlier tried to blackmail her as she tried to use
one of the only women who Anne cared for; Sarit against her.

Creature was naked and stared into the area with a line of drool (which was
dried out) in the corner of her mouth. Latifa who agreed to trade: Tina for
creature was not in so Anne inspected the changes which she made, while she
looked at Amy's body which began to shake violently as it wanted that Amy will
stop to abuse it. However, the broken willed slave didn't stop because she
enjoyed it and feared Anne's reaction.

The first thing that Latifa looked at was creature's tongue which extended until
the floor (Not like the ones of: Simon and her), her skin was smooth and
hairless, her face became like Amy's new doll face, and her eyes became gray.
Other then that: her 35AA cup jumped to a full 35H, her waist shrank from its
thick 30 inch, to an hour glass tiny 10 inch, and her hips flared to a sexy
curvy 40 inches. Creature's body itself was stretched from: 3'5 to 4'5 and now
she waited 100 pounds.

Once Latifa finished, she asked Anne: "didn't you go a little over board?"

"No, I once saw this creature on TV in a story about; Samira Cohen. It said that
this creature was called: "heaven" because it is a lover. Samira used this
potion to enslave her enemies, and that is what I did." Anne answered before
Latifa kissed her and left the room holding the hand of her new toy.

Once they were alone, Anne forced Dru into her big, brown sack and tied the end
with a rope. Once the opening was tied shut, Anne looked at Barbie with a smirk
for a while, knowing that she is calling the police. From her body, Anne also
picked that her new secretary was desperate as she wanted to gain her freedom
and former-body once again. However, Anne knew that with the new bill that was
received, no one will touch her. And besides, with the way that Barbie talked,
no one will even look at her.

Then after a while Barbie gave-up, before she hang the phone and returned to
work. Then Anne helped Amy to seat up, and listened to Anne who informed her:
"you are a slut Amy, and we have a problem. That is why I decided to buy from
Morganna your favorite toy. From now on you will be fucked so many times, that
until I will finish with you, you won't have a choice but to love women.", then
Amy saw that just Amy acted just like her mentor, and that was how she knew that
she is about to be fucked. And indeed Amy assumption was true. Because as Anne
spoke, she turned to a drawer in her case, and opened a small jeweled casket.

Then after Anne strapped the fearsome object within the casket, about her waist,
she looked how Amy sank in despair as she noticed what her tormentor was up to.

The mortal life Silver Valkyrie was no longer. And now she saw the horrifying
sight of Morganna's Trollish Phallus bobbing between little Anne's thighs.
Seeing her mistress with the tool who broke and destroyed her life, devastated
Amy. It was the same terrible instrument that Morganna used so brutally, to
break her will and enslaved her to the Witch's evil dominion.

Then, just like her mentor told her, Anne saw how Amy's head swam dizzily, and
she slumped to her knees, nearly swooning in revulsion and terror.  However,
just like her main mentor before her, Anne deliberately misinterpreted Amy near
swoon as she told her: "ho! You want to go down on it, don't you, shameless
slut. Okay, open wide!"

Amy's head jerked back in horror, at Anne's obscene suggestion, but Morganna and
Geri's long abuse had destroyed her will to resist the cruel and sadistic
dominatrix. Then the broken spirited superheroine protested in heart rending
whimpers, but when Anne thrust the monstrous Trollish Phallus in her face, Amy
obediently took it in her mouth and sucked on it, though the effort nearly
suffocated her.

When Anne was fully satisfied, that the weeping, choking Amy had sufficiently
degraded herself, she hauled the half swooning slave to her feet, and brutally
rammed the giant phallus into her body.  Morganna and Geri had fiendishly
conditioned the proud Shield Maiden of Odin to respond to the dildo's
domination, and Amy was soon grunting and moaning in the throes of hateful
sexual arousal.

Then after a while Anne stopped and forced Amy to clean the phallus. Once the
phallus was all cleaned up, she kissed Amy until she felt her slave melting
against her, before Anne suddenly pulled away.  Then, with strength, that Amy
never saw her used, Amy hoisted the Amy into the air over her shoulder, as
though the large, heroically built blond woman weighed no more than a child.
Anne's rashness alarmed Amy, who cried out in dismay. But then she remembered
that Anne LOVES history, so she waited for the next.

Like an evil bird of prey, settling down to feed upon her kill, Anne crouched
beside her delectable victim, and possessively fondled and caressed the helpless
heroine's lush, feminine charms. Amy still trembled in terror of the bestial
mistress; she whimpered in protest, but dared not to resist Anne's insinuating
hands.  As she passively lay beside Anne, shivering in excited dread, she
guiltily admitted, she was hardly sure she wanted to resist.

"Pl-please don't hurt me, anymore!"  Amy whispered, plaintively.

"Shut your mouth Amy, or else you'll be whipped." Anne replied.

When Anne groped at her golden thatched pussy, that none other had ever known,
Amy quavered: "Oh, please don't touch me there!", but all she got for the
"effort" was that Anne laughed at her knowingly, and hissed:  "Soon you will beg
me, for my attentions, Slut!"

"I must! I shall resist her!" Amy told herself, with stern resolution, as she
tried to bring the Silver Valkyrie back for no avail. After All of those years
as a slave, Amy was just a toy for Anne to play with.

Still laughing, Anne thrust her more than ample breast against Amy's lips, and
ordered: "Kiss it!" before Amy gulped back her tears, and sucked the large teat
into her bruised mouth from a fist which Anne gave her earlier.

Then as Amy obediently suckled on Anne's fleshy mammary, hardly realizing what
she was doing, she shyly touched her own deliciously formed, right breast.  Her
timid fingers found her nipple stiff.  It seemed to thrust against her hand,
longing for she knew not.  She delicately caressed its sharpness, in guilty
need.

The beautiful, blonde sweetly submissive tongue lapping at her teat, feverishly
aroused Anne.  She was soon ready for stronger meat. She glanced the length of
that superb, excitingly curved form to her next target, finding it nestled
between those ripe, juicy thighs, so deliciously curved by strong, warrior
muscles.

When Anne slid between her luxuriant, maidenly thighs, Amy's long legs quivered
in apprehension and in perverse, shamed excitement.

Anne roughly pushed Amy's delectably formed thighs apart and without further
ceremony, her head darting with a snake's quickness, she attacked the virtuous
Amy's sweet, maidenly pussy with the hunger of a ravenous beast. Amy stiffened,
and gasped in shock, as that devilish tongue attacked her forbidden, maidenly
treasure. With hardly a pause, it snaked past her firm, delicately formed pussy
lips.  They offered no barrier, but tremulously parted to Morganna's insistence,
like the opening petals of a delicate, budding flower. Finding them, excited and
open to her insidious invasion, even the evil Anne was astonished by the
virtuous Amy's complete physical capitulation to her crude sexual advances.

To her awful dismay, as soon as Anne's sharp tongue touched her virginal
clitoris, the proud Amy's body responded as though jolted by a massive
electrical shock. Overwhelmed by Anne's skillful attack, Amy shivered and
squirmed in passionate response, as that strong, agile tongue artfully cudgeled
her girlishly innocent clitoris into blissful submission.

Indeed as Anne always proclaimed, she knew ALL of the tricks.

Just when Amy thought her captive body would explode in violent passion, under
Anne's insidious assault, her mistress withdrew her tongue and mouth from that
alluring, savory feminine treasure, leaving her victim maddened by unsatisfied
erotic hunger, a terrible insatiable hunger that made sport of her lifetime of
resolute honor and chastity.  With a cruel sneering laugh, Anne slid atop the
Divine Amy's face.

Maddened by the fierce, ravenous, erotic appetite, Anne had kindled in her
voluptuous body; Amy looked up at her from her humbling, slave like perspective,
to Anne's looming genitalia. Reluctantly foregoing her own raging erotic hunger,
Amy hardly hesitated, before plunging her beautiful face into Anne's crotch.
Her mouth sought those swollen pussy lips, with lustful craving.  She kissed and
sucked lustily, as Anne screamed in shocked wonder, when Silver Valkyrie found
that forbidden target: "Why the sanctimonious, blond bitch was born to lick
pussy!"

Anne crowed in delight as Amy thrust and parried with her tongue, driving the
witch to exultant heights of pleasure, Anna's overflowing pussy juices drooled
and dribbled over the heavenly purity of her face, like a polluted river.

Yet, even as she paid her perverted homage to Anne, compulsively serving and
satiating the cruel witch's desire, Amy's own unquenched lustful cravings
tortured her cruelly.  She must quench the inferno that burned and tore at her
vitals, before it consumed her. Oh, she must!  Succumbing to her desperation, at
the little girl's bidding, Amy's own strong fingers stole to the golden thatched
pussy, Morganna had abandoned.  As she still slavered, with undiminished
appetite, at Anne's pussy.

Meanwhile in another side of the ranch, Lisa and Mitzi were in their room and
had sex. Just like in the case of: Latifa and Simon, her tongue was extended
until it was able to reach the floor. Then after Mitzi brought her lover to
another orgasm, she swallowed her tongue and rested on Lisa's right tit while
the later patted her head.

The end of Chapter 23.

The permissions:

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW, Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW
and used with the author's permission.  Rosy was taken from the stories:
"Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson" by GW, Cynthia (power miss) was taken
from the stories: Fraulein Power's Trophies, Latin Holiday and "Fraulein Power"
by GW she is used with the author's permission.
2. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: "Bimbo Dot Com" by
MrGray, Brenda Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer
Black were taken from the story: "What Men Look for in Women", and Jamie was
taken from the story: "Jamie's new job" by MrGray and used with the author's
permission.
3. Barbie\Barbara Derman and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat"
by Musker, Ms. Waneright Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Dr. Stein and Karol were
taken from the story: Omens - a Halloween tale and it sequels by Musker and ALL
of them are being used with Musker's permission.
4. Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
5. Charlotte and Sherri were taken from the story: "Charlotte" by Parker,
Christina was taken from the story: "Christina" by Parker, Barbie Dahl was taken
from the story: "Career Opportunities" by Parker, Jen-Jen was taken from the
story: "Pool party" by Parker, Jennifer and Karen were taken from the story:
"Dear diary" by Parker and Squealer was taken from the story: Squealer" by
parker. All of the characters are being used with Parker's permission and that
story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories.
6.  Cupcake was taken from the story: "Becoming cupcake" by the mayor of Cherish
and the way that she was dressed to the wedding is used with the author's
permission + this story is NOT a sequel.
7.  Donna Stanton and Emily Johnson were taken from the story: "Becoming her
maid" by Jackpot, and Stacy Erickson taken from the story: "Social security
slut" by Jackpot. All of them are used with the permission of Jackpot.
8. Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story "Surrendering
Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author: Night_Writer and
just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a sequel to the story.
9. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
10. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, in books
which are available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and also a few of the ideas were inspired by her comics and
it is used for MY personal use ONLY.
11. Darcie was taken from the story: "return of the ultimate lovedolls" by
Vendatrix.
12. Tina came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by Doggers.
13. Itty-Bitty was taken from the story: "Itty-Bitty" by Marlissa, and used with
the author's permission.
14. Anne and Susie were taken from the story: Cheerleader Picture by Ninja
Turtle.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 24a&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Anne hears from her father why he damaged her, while Lisa informs Sarit,
Simon and Mitzi. Other then that, it's a usual life at the ranch.&gt;

Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to any of
the stories or the comics which I borrowed characters from. 

2. All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca,
in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net.

3. This chapter is dedicated for a very special "muses".

Part_24a -confessions.

"So you see girls; I'm focusing ALL of my energy on retraining Amy. That is why
I decided to give my assistants a status of: "acting mistress". Or in other
words; you will have the power to use to keep my slaves in line. However, if one
of you will try to kidnap one of my slaves she will be sorry. My girls are here
to do as I say. Do you understand me?" Anne asked looking strait into the eyes
of: Kandy and Fate.

"Yes Mistress." Kandy replied.

"Yeee... Haaa..." Fate answered.

"Now, here are the names of the slaves and who they need to meet:

1. Honey; you have a lot of work to finish at he mall. So why won't you take the
1965 Plymouth that I bought you? It doesn't have an air conditioner but it will
do. Besides; no one will look at your car. Or even see you with your boobs
leading the way as you will do your job at the office. By the way. You have
until I'll get there to be with your ex-slave, Jennifer. Once in the office I
want you to inform her that if she wants to have the usual call for her wife,
then she better start to work. And by the way, honey: we just finished fixing an
apartment for you and your roomy, Jennifer, so that the two of you won't be late
anymore. However, you will get a vacation once in a year in which you will be
allowed to see your sister and daughter. Or to be more specific: my
puppygirl\cowgirl, Milky, and my ponygirl, buttercup.
1. Emily: Mistress Donna Stanton wants to talk with you about how a maid should
act at the cleaning station.
2. Brenda; Mistress Cindy York wants you in the track. Once you'll get there
tell her to send Mandy over. I have a bad news for her.
3. Milky; since you became my puppygirl, you will remain with me. However,
Bratty will remain at the milking post.
4. Charlotte: Mistress Sherri is waiting for you in your training room.
5.  Barbie Dahl: you have another "meeting" at your office. This time with one
of my biggest clients from Japan.
6.  Hilda: Mistress Diana who is waiting for you in your training room.
7.  Cynthia Lane: Mistress Gretchen is waiting for you at the dungeon.
8.  Squealer: you have another date with Mistress Kimberly Hurley.
9.  Stacie: Mistress Jackie is waiting for her slut to go out on the streets.
10.  Christina: I have arranged for you to have another date with Mistress Kimmy
Jones. It seems that somehow you conquered her attention so much that she wants
ONLY you whenever she comes over town for a meeting.
11.  Cheryl; you have a date with Madame-La'boom.
12.  Mandi, you have a date with signora Miranda Alejandro.
13.  Cindy; you have a date with Mistress Sue Dread. Don't worry about the name;
she is only interested in sex and humiliation.
14. Caitlin; you have a date with Mistress Samira El-ackabar and her
sister\slave, Jasmine.
15.  Candy; you have a date with Mistress Geri Phillips.
16.  Mindy; you have a date with Mistress Wendy Morgul, and her slave; dopey.
17.  Ex-detective Jenny: you have a date with Candy's brother and Mindy's son,
Jonathan. I want you to show him a "great time" with a special girl.
18.  Jamie; you have a date with that nymph who you used to call daughter. Once
I'll have her hooked on you and the other bimbos, little Amy will be mine.
19.  Jen-Jen and Jamie: your dancing tutor, Mistress Julie Montgomery, has told
me that you finished the studies. That is why I decided to send the both of you
my motel where you will dance and fuck with the costumers.
20.  Amber; you have a date with Mistress Lynn-chang.
21.  Lynn: you have a date with the new mayor and my cousin, Vivian Mc'Smith.
22.  Melody: Dr. Li is waiting to get another test in shocking you.
23.  Karol: Dr. Stein is waiting for you.
24.  Brandi: you will return to the special shack that we built for her and her
"trainer", Achmed the Shitfucker.
25.  Twit and twat: Ms. Waneright is waiting for you.
26.  Mistress Moesha: you have a date with your slave, Monique. Please don't
ware him out. Mistress Mona is still upset about the last time and I don't need
to remind you what she can do.
27.  Batgirl (formally known as "it"); you have a date with the former baseball
team that you used to work at. After all, it is very important for you to keep
touch with your teammates. However, I have no Clue how you will do that when
Fetish has a date with your husband. And just so you'll know; as the new owner
of the team I want you to be perky and airheaded at the field. You see, if the
boys will win then you're up for a week of celebrations. However, if they will
loose then you'll never have to see them again.
28. Morgan; you have a date with your former sorority.
29. Patrice: you have a date with Mistress Cindy and her twin\lover\.slave,
Sandy.
30. Bambi-Doe: Mistress Tonya is waiting for you with her 'thing' that as always
will help her.
31.  Lisa Lovelace, the former Prosecutor, Jane, JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi,
Kirsten, Patrice, Joy and Tiffany, Ursula, Lillith, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki
Bauer, Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly and Ingrid: Mistress Miki
told me that all of you are needed at the different stages to continue the
movies that you began
32.  Sow: Mistress Suzy Wang is waiting for you in the training room.
33.  Barbie-doll, Tina, Milky and Amy: you will come with me.
34.  Ellen, Meredith-Jane, Scarlet, and Jane: you are needed in the temple.
35.  Laura, Vera, Tramp, Piggy, Ditzy and Fairslut: you are waited for in the
"training school" so the new girls will follow the mature once.
36.  Itty, you are needed at the clinic.
37. If I forgot someone then she\they will remain in the cage.

Now I have only two things to say:

1. There are also some men in that list. They are considered to be trainers.
However, you need to treat them as if they were a mistress, so be nice and do
what they say.
2. To the mistress and masters: Keep my slaves in ONE piece. The only one who is
allowed to torture someone is Miki. So let me give you a friendly advice: she
don't mind torturing: men, women, Bisexuals, lesbians or straights so DO NOT
UPSET HER IN ANY WAY OR MAKE ME SENT YOU TO MEET HER. Remember, she might look
cute but she is dangerous.
3. I see slaves here with hair on their pussy lips. That is unacceptable that
the mistress won't have hair while her SLAVES do. So I decided that neither you
will shave it or that I will remove it (sorry for the memory, ma.), if I will
catch one of you then her hair will be removed. I can deal with the fact that
some mistresses have hair, BUT I won't deal with the fact that MY slaves as hair
so be warned.
4. If you have a daughter who is my slave, or about to become my slave; don't
worry, I promise to take a special care of them.

Now, as all of you know; I was in charged by the state to take care of: Amy and
tramp. However, last night Amy was not capable to perform as I wanted. That is
why the training of: tramp and Dru, will be put on hold. Now slaves; GO TO
PLAY!" Anne ordered, and as the slaves did as she was told; Anne looked at her
slave who was kneeling next to her. Amy's back was straight up, and both of her
knees were far from each other, while her hands seemed to be like a dog's paws
as he begs for attention.

Poor Amy was naked accept for her collar as she was in the degrading position.
Anne taught her stupid assistant lots of humiliating positions that will be
perfect for the new Amy (with the help of 'Mistress Hairbrush' as she referred
to her hairbrush). However, Amy believed that begging like a dog is the most
humiliating in the degrading position, Linda got into the room with Mitzi who
held the leash attached to her collar, and once she saw that Anne was free; she
asked submissively: "did you wish to see me?", before Amy was allowed to lick
her owner's pussy. After a month as Anne's closest slave, Amy learned that her
role in life I to please her owner. Nothing more, nothing less.

Once Amy was under the dress, Anne asked while pointing at her pussy with a tear
in her eye: "CALL ME: MISTRESS you son of a bitch. Now I do want to see you and
ask you:  why you did this to me? What does a little baby could have done to
deserve a life time of humiliation like that?"

"It was a very long time ago... Mistress. Both your mother and I were young..."
Linda began.

"STOP THE FUCKING EXUSES, AND ANSWER ME! DO IT NOW!" Anne demanded.

"Very well mistress. As I said: Both your mother and I were young. I used to
drink, and when I found out from a friend what she was, I became furious. I used
to beat her bad, until I found out that she was pregnant. That was when I got
the idea, so I waited until she gave birth to a healthy baby-girl. Once she did,
I waited until she was asleep and then I gave bride to a doctor to make sure
that the baby will NEVER be able to grow hairs over there before I left you and
your mother. One year later after I realized what I did, I came back and wanted
to be a part of your life. However, your mother was terrified of that idea. Here
I was, the man who destroyed BOTH of your lives. I can't blame her, but after a
week I received a card from your grandfather, her father, who wanted to meet
with me." Linda began.

"Then what happened?" Anne asked, and Linda could see that she was furious.

"I came to your grandfather's restaurant\taxi station, and he informed me that
your mother came to a decision: if the only pure thing that she did was damaged
by me, then I will pay the price. In other words, she told me that if I want to
be a part of your life then I MUST loose my manhood and become a woman until the
hair will grow on your pussy lips. I wanted to talk with her, but he warned me
that if I will then I'll get shot. Now to answer your questions: I did it to
humiliate your mother. Can you please...?" Linda tried to ask something but
Mitzi slapped him before she said: "No you're not going to destroy Lisa's life
again by having her sweet and innocent daughter (at least in that case) to do
your dirty work. And FORGET about talking to her because now when I know the
TRUTH, I'll watch each and every move that you will do. Is that all, Anne?"
Mitzi asked, and after Anne shook her head: Yes, Mitzi dragged Linda out of the
room while Anne began to laugh as she though; 'Since when I became sweet and
innocent? Something is VERY wrong with that remark. However, it makes me feel
much better. At last someone is saying something nice about me.'

Meanwhile in another room, Sarit just woke up with a worm smile on her face, as
she looked at Simon who looked so peaceful while she slept next to the little
body of Sarit. Sarit loved the way that the thin, satin blanket covered Simon
and yet showed each of her curves. Even-though Simon's hair was tangled and in a
mess, in Sarit's eyes she looked like an Angel with that beautiful Blonde hair
which fell on her face in such a grace,

Then after a while in which Sarit just stared at the naked body which lay next
to her, she decided to wake Simon up with a very special way, so she crawled
under the blanket until she reached Simon's pussy. Next she began to tease Simon
as she licked her clit one time, but received a gentle kick from Simon. However,
just like her step-mother, Sarit was very stubborn so she gently pushed Simon's
legs to the mattress before she began to lick her. Then after a few minutes,
Simon woke up with a very happy feeling as she came in Sarit's face.

Once Sarit was out from under the blankets, Simon began to lick her face before
she asked: "Sarit, are you sure that this how you learned athletic at the
Israeli high-schools?"

"Sure, the teacher set down while we dropped on our asses and jumped back up.
Just like I taught Rosy." Sarit answered with a smile, while Simon clapped her
hand with her head.

"So I don't need to train like that, Right?" Simon asked worried.

"No, I have a special training program for you. Unfortunately I still have to go
to school so I will train you over the weekends." Sarit replied.

"You are not like going to school, Sarit?" Simon asked.

"Right." Sarit said.

"And what will this program will include?" Simon asked.

"From 08:30 to 10:30 we will train your tongue. Then after a short break we will
start to train your ass from 11:00 to 12:45. Then we will take another break
until 13:45 before we will start training your pussy. Once we will finish with
your pussy, we will play "lick the basketball" with me sucking your tits...
(Giggle...) I said tits, don't tell Anne! She will kill me. Anyway, we will play
that game until 15:45 and then we will see." Sarit informed Simon. Once Sarit
finished, she noticed how Simon's hand were in her pussy working hard while the
teenager began to suck her right tit.

*******
Amy just returned to the room, after she finished cleaning Anne and Latifa's
private toilet bawls, and she was shocked when her pretty head bobbed from the
door. In HER litter was Fairslut who only wore her iron collar, which had a
leash that was attached to a ring in the wall. Over the last our: Anne forced
Fairslut to finger her pussy and piss without a stop, after she drank 100
gallons of water.

At her desk infront of Anne was a Blonde woman who only wore: white 9 inch
platforms which forced her to spread her legs so that she will be able to seat
down. That woman was a busty, big hair, small waist, broad hipped, dainty, air
headed girly girl and from the way that her head was down, it was clear that
this woman was the famous: Barbie Derman. However, Amy knew for a fact (thanks
to her experience as a former DA) that this woman's waist stood on 15", her
chest was now a "FF" cup and her hips were now: 48".

Once Anne saw Amy she gave her permission and come to her. Once Amy stood next
to Anne, she saw Barbie's face peaking from under the bush that grew on her
head. Then as Amy looked at her, she saw that Barbie had big vacant puppy dog
eyes, a cute little pixie nose, and a full set of voluptuous pouting lips aching
to be kissed, or suck something. And indeed, her lips sucked on a big 12.5"
dildo, for Anne's pleasure. After Barbie was kept in the bondage-sack for three
months and was only allowed to: eat porridge and drink water, her will was
completely gone.

Other then that; poor Barbie had in her mouth a gum, her cheeks seemed to be
higher then what she saw in the missing heads. On her hands Barbie head a 5"
nails which were covered with Anne's favorite color, pink, and her pussy was
without one hair. Then Amy looked at Anne who just finished her talking on the
phone, before the later informed Amy: "my private Bimbo is great, doesn't she?
You know Amy, I was very afraid of releasing her on a permanent basic from her
comfy sack. However, after two months in which that bimbo was in and out of the
sack, I finely got the courage to take her out, and here she is. Did you know
that her major was business administration and the law?"

"Like yes mistress. I kinda read it once in the missing classified and stuff. It
kinda made me sad and stuff. But Amy was better after she kinda totally became
mistress Morg's slave and stuff." Amy answered humiliated. Over the last month,
Amy's training got to another level of harshness as Anne trained her from: 05:00
to 24:00 until she learned everything.

"Now Amy, if you think that your training program was tough; then just so you'll
know that Barbie was tougher. You see while you had the easy life, Barbie here
was neither in bondage or took part in a female on gang-bangs. Those gang-bangs
took an entire mouth, and in them Barbie was only allowed to service my:
race-queens, models, show-girls, strippers, bimbos, sluts and slaves. Then she
spent one week with Mistress Miki and Mistress Gretchen doing BDSM movies before
she returned for another three weeks of gang-bang. Once those two weeks were
over; she spent the last month with: Mistress Kandy, Mistress Fate, Mistress
Donna Stanton, Cindy York, Mistress Sherri, Mistress Diana, Mistress Jackie,
Mistress Sue Dread, Mistress Joan, Achmed the Shitfucker, Ms. Waneright,
Mistress Moesha, Mistress Mona, Mistress Tonya and her sexy 'thing' and Mistress
Suzy Wang who taught her how to be a loyal slave and fuck-toy." Anne said with a
smile.

Then just as Anne was about to say something, there was a knock on the door and
Mandy walked in after she received permission. Once Mandy was inside, she gently
asked her mistress: "did you summon me, Mistress Anne?"

"Yes Mandy, please seat down. I have terrible news for you." Anne said pointing
at the chair next to Barbie.

Once Mandy set, Anne said to her in a very upset tone of voice: "Mandy, I was at
the doctor's office last night."

"What the results of my test say?" Mandy asked.

"As you know, you broke you legs in 74 different places. The doctor told me that
he see an improvement in the way that your bones are getting better. However, he
informed me that your injury was so savvier that he forbid you from continue as
a ponygirl. I did my best to convince him, but after I saw the way that your
legs are now... (Sob...) I have no other choice but to agree with him." Anne
informed the shocked ponygirl.

"Are you... (Sob...) sure?" Mandy asked quietly.

"Yes. But I do promise that I'll find you new position. What would you say about
becoming my secretary? Now after I decided to use Barbie as my toy, I need
someone who is smart to help me with the office. You will still be allowed yow
era the cloths that you like. However, you'll have larger wardrobe then lingerie
only, so what do you say?" Anne asked after showing Mandy the wider option.

Then as Mandy thought about her reaction, Anne went to Barbie and dragged her to
a closet and dressed her like Tina in: 7" pumps, black stockings, black
fishnet-stocking, red evening gown which looked more like a sleeveless robe that
was closed with a diamond button. Other then that Barbie had on her shoulders a
fur coat, on her hands she had a black opera gloves and in her left hand there
was a clutch-beg and a pearl bracelet, around her neck she had two pearl
necklaces which one of them was used as a leash to drag Barbie which usually was
the case as Barbie was very humiliated and going out of the house was not on her
agenda.
	
Once Anne finished her "classy" bimbo, Mandy told her: "I accept." Before she
left the room. Once Mandy was out, Anne dressed Amy in her Chauffer's uniform
which included: red, hart-shaped g-string with golden chains, abbreviated
matching red vest, and red chauffer's cap which was once belonged to an organ
grinder's monkey like her vest. Then as Amy dressed up, Anne informed her: "now
Amy, you are about to be Barbie's personal chauffer for today as you will drive
her across town. Now remember sluts, if any of you won't return then: Amy,
you'll be responsible for tramp's date with mistress Miki that will lest until
you will return. And Barbie, you will get three months of non-stop gang-bangs.
Once the new bill was received; I can do this and worst. Do you understand me?"

"Yes mistress." Both slaves answered in unison before leaving the room, shaking
their asses.

Meanwhile in Sarit's room, Sarit and Simon just finished one of the "rounds" and
were bushed. Then a few minutes there was a knock on the door, and after the two
girls got under the blanket, Lisa and Mitzi walked in as Lisa asked: "May I have
a word with you girls?"

"Sure." Sarit answered.

"What happened?" Simon asked as she saw how sad Lisa's face was.

"Girls I have something to tell you, and I prefer that you will hear it from
me." Lisa said with her eyes looking STRAIT into Sarit's eyes.

Then after a few minutes, Lisa began: "the both of you know that I USED to be a
slave, right?"

"Yes Lisa." Both girls answered in unison.

"Well, I have something to tell you about Anna. You see girls, it all started 27
years ago, when I gave birth to a very healthy baby. Back then I was in-love
with this guy and decided that there won't be any secrets between us. All I
wanted was to have an honest relationship so I told him everything about me.
Once that guy heard my story, he was changed as he began to drink and beet me
up, bad. All of this has changed once I became pregnant with Anna, so I thought
that he changed his ways as he always promised me.

"My parents wanted me to brake up with him but; no. I honestly believed that
once Anna will be born then we will live normal life. I had to believe. And
until Anna was born, everything was changed as he: gave me flowers and candies,
took me dancing or out. I was in heaven. Pure heaven and I thought that this is
the man that I met.

However, I was wrong. You see girls; once Anna was born he became once again
obsessed with the fact that I used to be a slave. He decided that Anna must pay
the price for the "crime" that I did. So once I slept (after I was in labor for
34 hours), he went to the doctor and gave him a bride to make sure that Anna
WILL NEVER be able to have hair in her pussy. And after he destroyed my
daughter's life, he deserted us for an entire year.

One year later after he realized what he did, he came back and wanted to be a
part of our life. However, I was horrified of that idea. Here he was, the man
who destroyed BOTH of our lives trying to get back in. so I went to my father
who told me that he will take over. Then after a week he received a card from my
father who wanted to meet with him.

So he came to my father's restaurant\taxi station, and he informed him that I
came to a decision: if the only pure thing that I did was damaged by him, then
he will pay the price. In other words, my father told him that if he wants to be
a part of our lives then he MUST loose my manhood and become a woman until the
hair will grow on Anna's pussy lips. He wanted to talk with me, but my father
warned him that if he will then he will get shot." Lisa said with a smile after
she finished.

"He beat you because you told him the truth?" Simon asked shocked.

"Yes Simon." Lisa answered

"Are you okay?" Sarit asked.

"Yes dear." Lisa answer.

"Where is Anne?" Simon asked.

"She is with Morganna. After talking to her father, she had to get out of here
as soon as possible, so she went to talk with the only persons who ever helped
us when we were in troubles." Mitzi answered.

Then Lisa, Mitzi, Sarit and Simon talked a little longer until Mitzi and Lisa
had to go. Once they were alone, Sarit and Simon grabbed Rosy by her arms and
took her to the tracks where she had a contest against another principal who was
named; Samantha, who came with her daughter and mistress who was called: Laura,
and became Sarit's best friend even-though both were NOT at the same school.

Ruthy's daughter was dressed in: 6" red platforms, pink fishnet-stockings, red
Spandex dress which was so tight that Sarit could see that she didn't had
panties or bra. Over her shoulders, the teenager had a leather-jacket and a
chocker was fastened around her neck

Sarit remembered the last time in which they met. At those times the girl had a
short, brown hair which reminded Sarit; Anne's former boss, Ms. Geri Phillips.
However, today her hair was Blonde and curly. Then as the naked principals stood
next to each other, Samantha went to Sarit and said: "you know what? Let's make
a bet Sarit: if I win then you will take Ruthy. However, if I'll loose then
you'll take Ruthy. What do you say?"

"I think that I don't understand English anymore. What do you think Simon?"
Sarit asked.

"If you don't understand Sarit, then you think that I can?" Simon answered.

"Let me explain. You see Sarit, I try to turn twit here into the perverted
love-slave that I want her to become. However, I have one problem; whatever I
do, that cow destroys so I decided to give her to Anne. However, Anne told me
that I need to loose or give her in a bet with another teenager, so what do you
say; 25 rounds?" Samantha answered.

"The race itself will be 25 houses. Each "house" means 5 rounds, and the slaves
will get 2 minutes for a rest. What do you say that we will use "easy" here as
the cheerleader?" Sarit asked.

"Agreed." Samantha answered. Then while Nina pulled the hem of the skirt up,
Sarit pulled easy's tits out and the races began.

*******
Anne, Amy, Barbie and batgirl returned home after they met in the game, and Anne
was absolutely pleased with the way in which batgirl ruled the game and made her
team; to loose the game. Anne thought that batgirl was absolutely genius with
the way that she did whatever needed while dressed in: white sport shoes with
the words: "Anne's bimbo" printed on them in blue, white knee-high socks with
blue trims which were held by a pair of blue garters, White bikini thong and a
tiny bikini top with her phone for dates and was hanging on for dear life while
she walked and bounced her tits.

Infront of Anne, wiggling her ass was her busty Bimbo, Barbie, who was naked
with only a pair of 9" pumps as she was dragged by the sobbing Amy who did not
liked what she became. Once they were at the door one of Anne's friend who was
called, Mistress Morgan, came with three busty bimbos who had the same vacant
look on their faces much like: Christina, Mandi, Cindy, Caitlin, Candy, Mindy
and the former detective Jenny Blake had.

Then as Anne looked at them her friend said as she introduced the 1st woman:
"Anne, I want you to meet: Sara Green. Her IQ used to be: 146, she used to be a
mother of three, been married for twelve years, and worked as a college
professor of psychology. However, until I bought her she used to work with Dana
at the "Fuckbunny Beach Resort" where they had been required to undergo a total
image transformation to go along with their tiny intelligence. They each had
dyed jobs done to their hair to where they were now platinum blondes. Their tits
had been increased several cup sizes so they attracted attention from everyone
on the beach.

Their bathing suits were always hanging on for dear life while they walked and
bounced their tits. Most of their days involved prancing around the beach,
flirting with all the guests their. They giggled when someone used big words and
always seemed to be drifting off when you tried to talk with them about anything
other than sex. At night, they made their rounds to the rooms and always showed
their guests a good time.

By the way: today Sara's IQ stands on: 40 after she cheated."

Then as the shocked Anne watched, her friend introduced her to the 2 remaining
girls: "This is Dana Richards. Her IQ used to be: 142 and she used to study
biology and planned to go to medical school to become a surgeon. However, with
the IQ of 69 points she couldn't continue, and the last girl is: Mia Wong, her
IQ used to be: 157, her age is 26 and she used to be a lawyer in the Chicago
area. However with an IQ of: 62 points she HAD to switch jobs and become a
fuckbunny."

"Okay, let's say that I will buy your story. What do you want in return?" Anne
asked after inspecting Mia who was dressed in a maid outfit which included: 7"
black pumps, black fishnet stockings which were held by a matching garter belt,
see-thru black lingerie, and a doily maid's cap.

"Only one week with the famous Amy tits (Valkie's new family name) who will work
for me as my assistant. You see Anne, I heard about the talented and skilled
Amy, and decided that I want to see what she can do. I also have a party that I
need some entertainment for, agreed? Just so you'll know: I thought about asking
for a week with Barbie. However, she is to dumb." Morgan asked.

"I will let you to take Amy. However I do have a few conditions. And just so
you'll know: Barbie is MY toy and I'm not so good in sharing my stuff.
Especially with my friends." Anne replied.

"What?" Morgan asked, pleased with Anne's reaction.

"The conditions are:

1. You WON'T allow MEN to use my toy.
2. I get 20% of what she will earn you.
3. You will bring her back to me in ONE piece.
4. If she will get sick, you will bring her over here. After the slut will get
better, you'll receive her for an entire month.

Do you agree?" Anne asked as she gave Amy to her friend who nodded; Yes and left
before Anne and her 5 slaves got into the house.

Meanwhile not far from the ranch, Simon stopped the car and went with Sarit to
the backside in order of celebrating. Simon was very pleased as Sarit licked
her, because she was the one who labored on putting the former-principals in a
cell with Kate. It was a pure genius the way in which they added another TWO
cowgirls who signed on their resignation letters.

Then while moaning, the helpless Simon asked Sarit: "Sarit... (Moan...), d-don't
you think that my sisters... hooooooooooo... should join us...?"

"Yes. However, that is a private party." Sarit answered as she shoved a pink,
small ball-gag into Simon's mouth and fastened it behind her head. However, the
well trained Simon welcomed the ball as if it was a gift from the heavens.

*********
Mia was wiggling her ass as she cleaned the pool-side, infront of her new
mistress, Anne, who lay on the massage table with Sara who was dressed in:
boob-out baby-doll with a matching g-string while rubbing her upper back. Next
to Sara (On Anne's right) was Dana who was dressed in Sheer Net and Lace Ruffle
Baby Doll as she back-rubbed Anne's lower back as Barbie licked her pussy
topless. Anne herself was only dressed in her favorite red Chiffon Long Gown.

Then when Anne was relaxed, her mother came and asked her: "May I have a word
with you... Anna?"

"Yes Mommy. What happened?" Anne answered.

"I want to know what you planned for Linda." Lisa replied.

"Well ma, I thought about it long and hard. I talked with ALL of my friends,
including: Deedee, Morganna, Geri, Wendy, Leticia and the rest... And after a
long thinking, the best I could come up with was to give him to Miki for a year.
Miki is the only person I know that can help me, because she is way more
sadistic then me." Anne answered.

"May I offer something?" Lisa asked.

"What ma?" Anne replied.

"Give Miki FREE hand with dealing with him." Lisa offered before she patiently
kissed Anne on the lips. Then once Anne caught what happened she returned the
favor before Lisa left Anne to think. Suddenly, Anne's brain began to think and
she began to make a plan. However, Anne's consecration when she saw the mistress
in training, Moesha, who had a leash attached to Milky and was dressed in: pink
5" stilettos boots, pink fishnet-stockings, red garter belt, Pink full body
corset and a pair of pink finger-less gloves. Anne just loved that specific
corset has it was tied around her neck, and left her tits bare.

When Anne saw her she asked: "How was your trip, Moesha?"

"Not bad mistress. I think that Milky is beginning to like me." Moesha answered.

"That's good. Because now I'm going to give you a tougher challenge: MY father.
However, that will have to wait my dear. You see, he has an entire year to spend
with Mistress Miki who will teach him a few things. Now why won't you wear this
leather outfit after you'll strip Milky?" Anne asked as she handed Moesha a box
wrapped nicely. Then as Moesha did as she was told; Anne set down and for the
first time Moesha noticed Anne's hairless pussy.

Once Milky was naked, Anne led her to a lounge chair and tied her hands behind
her back. Then with the help of Itty and Jennifer, Anne placed a garden table
infront of her and that was when Dana bought a drink to Anne while Sara bought
to Milky a ball of: fruits, oats, yogurt, caramel, honey, vitamins and serials.
Once the bawl was placed infront of Milky, she began to eat and lick the bawl as
a training tool.

When Milky finished, Anne stood behind her and fastened a red, leather collar
around her neck with an attached and un-removable leash before she freed Milky's
hands. Once Anne finished, she led Milky to her room. Once in the room, Anne led
Milky to her comfy puppy-bed before she freed Bratty from the human-milking
Machine (which Bratty invented to use on Milky) and forced her to lick Milky's
pussy. Then after making sure that Milky had fun, Anne got dressed and went to
work.

Meanwhile at the lab:

"tell me Judy; Are you sure that my doll won't get free?" Latifa asked the
scientist next to her, while looking at her sex-doll, Tina.

"Yes Mistress Latifa. After she was in the pond for three months, her current
skin took over. As you can see; the zippers at her back and head are gone. The
slut is completely helpless to your use, just like the one of your personal
maid, Inez, who had her doll, Toni, go through the exact same process. However,
not like Tina who used to be a married woman; Tony was a pure tramp as far as
her mistress informed us." Judy answered her mistress terrified before she
watched Latifa drags her doll. Only a month ago she was a nominee for the Nobel
price, and here she was now; an unrecognized slave in Anne's laboratory just
like the rest of the ex-scientist who Anne enslaved in that way or another.
Forced to fulfill her mistress's perverted dreams, or suffer the results of any
refuse, mistake or complaint from Anne's friends and that bitch Latifa.

The end of Chapter 23.

The permissions:

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW, Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW
and used with the author's permission.  Rosy was taken from the stories:
"Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson" by GW, Cynthia (power miss) was taken
from the stories: Fraulein Power's Trophies, Latin Holiday and "Fraulein Power"
by GW she is used with the author's permission.
2. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: "Bimbo Dot Com", Brenda
Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black were taken
from the story: "What Men Look for in Women", and Jamie was taken from the
story: "Jamie's new job", Mia, Dana and Sara were taken from the story: you bet
your brain" by MrGray. ALL of the characters are being used with the author's
permission.
3. Barbie\Barbara Derman and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat"
by Musker, Ms. Waneright Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Dr. Stein and Karol were
taken from the story: Omens - a Halloween tale and it sequels by Musker and ALL
of them are being used with Musker's permission.
4. Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
5. Charlotte and Sherri were taken from the story: "Charlotte" by Parker,
Christina was taken from the story: "Christina" by Parker, Barbie Dahl was taken
from the story: "Career Opportunities" by Parker, Jen-Jen was taken from the
story: "Pool party" by Parker, Jennifer and Karen were taken from the story: 
"Dear diary" by Parker and Squealer was taken from the story: Squealer" by
parker. All of the characters are being used with Parker's permission and that
story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories.
6.  Cupcake was taken from the story: "Becoming cupcake" by the mayor of Cherish
and the way that she was dressed to the wedding is used with the author's
permission + this story is NOT a sequel.
7. Donna Stanton and Emily Johnson were taken from the story: "Becoming her
maid" by Jackpot, and Stacy Erickson taken from the story: "Social security
slut" by Jackpot. All of them are used with the permission of Jackpot.
8. Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story "Surrendering
Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author: Night_Writer and
just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a sequel to the story.
9. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
10. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, in books
which are available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and also a few of the ideas were inspired by her comics and
it is used for MY personal use ONLY.
11. Darcie was taken from the story: "return of the ultimate lovedolls" by
Vendatrix.
12. Tina's look came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by
Doggers.
13. Tony and Inez came from the comics: "Toni goes to the bondage ball" by
Doggers.
14. Itty-Bitty was taken from the story: "Itty-Bitty" by Marlissa, and used with
the author's permission.
15. Anne and Susie were taken from the story: Cheerleader Picture by Ninja
Turtle.




From a mayor to a slave, part 24b
By the outsider
Anne continues the mayhem, Simon almost loosing her life and a new girls
arriving to town.

Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to any of
the stories or the comics which I borrowed characters from. 

2. All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca,
in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and it is used for MY personal use ONLY.

3. This chapter is dedicated for a very special "muse".

4. I want to thank Ted E. bear for the idea's for; Amy's outfit as a wench-girl,
and Anne's plans for Moesha and a few other ideas.

Part_24b - 30 days later.

Anne just arrived to her office at the "wall of glory", as she referred to it.
On the wall, were life sized pictures of beloved superheroines; Silver Valkyrie,
Justice Lady, Supergran, Superlass, Supermom and Fairmaiden, in their once proud
stands.

But then, Anne pressed on a button at her desk, and looked as the pictures
showed how the slaves truly were:

The first picture showed; Amy and tramp dressed in their maid uniform which
included: super abbreviated flounced skirts, that didn't reach the top of their
thighs, no undergarments, with white lace aprons, that extended between their
bounteous breasts but did not cover them,  black
fishnet stockings with garters, doily caps, as shown:

Next Anne looked at a picture of; sow and Leticia. Anne remembered Morganna's
story of how sow came to threat her sister, and now here she was dressed in her
apron and still agonizing over her granddaughter's brutal, bestial rape, as she
began preparations for lunch for her cruel Mistresses. In the background, Anne
saw Leticia and imagined how she terrorized the helpless slave;

Next was a picture of: Ditzy as she was raped by Eeyore with Wendy as a teenager
looking at them, while next to her was a picture of Supermom as maid with
Morganna:

The last picture showed why; Fairmaiden's name was changed to Fairslut. The poor
blonde stood with her tormentors, as she discovered that the bosom and crotch of
her uniform had been cut away, exposing her sprightly breasts and delicious
pussy to full view. In this caricature of her renowned costume, the ex-virtuous
crime-fighter felt more shamefully naked, then when she was fully nude.

Anne had lots of other pictures. However no one knew where she kept them, and
her slaves were too afraid to try something so that Anne will not publish them.
Then after a while she once again pressed on the button before she returned to
work as Kelly who was under the desk began to lick her.

Meanwhile at the other side of town, Mistress Samantha watched on at the
humiliated Amy. Poor Amy was wiggling her ass and jiggling her ass as she danced
infront of her "mistress" for the following week. Amy's nightmare began as she
saw that HER former house and sport car were now owned by the evil woman who she
helped to move in and re-decorate. Over the last hour since they arrived to
Samantha's new home, she led Amy to her new room which was at the basement which
became her Samantha's dungeon where the evil woman informed her: "alright slut.
For the next week; that will be your NEW home. Whenever you won't; entertain me
(or one of my friends), do your chores or be used in ANY way: you will be here.
As you can see there is no way to escape and if you do, remember what Anne will
do to your friend. Do you understand me so far?"

"Yes mistress." Amy answered, chocking a tear before her "mistress" forced her
to stand at the corner. Once Amy was sobbing at the corner full with fear,
Mistress Samantha gave her a lecture for one hour before her training began.
Once Amy began to dance under the whip, those evil bitches: Mistress Anne and
her former Mistress, Morganna, seemed to be a pair of saints.

* * * * * * *

"Honey, in another thought; I want you home to see the improvements that I will
do in your daughter's look. One of those improvements will be a new branding
that will say: 'AW' at her right ass cheek next to the; 'FKAFW' which is an
improvement of the brand that she used to have. Other then that buttercup will
ONLY be dressed in her: stockings, gloves, bow (with that cute puppy ears) and
that cow-bell that will be held by her new designer, leather collar." Anne
informed Honey who stood infront of her after she was spanked on her ass 30
times.

"Yes Mistress." Honey answered as she went to get her coat, while Anne looked at
her lovely slave, Moesha, who only wore a pair of Tennis shoes and a red leather
collar which said: "Moesha Property of Anne Smith, if found call XXX-XXX-XXXX,
Reward for return.", while Kelly worked on her pussy as she listened to Moesha's
report: "I did what you told me mistress. Dean agreed to your terms and he'll
take Linda with one condition; that in return I will return to the gang as their
sexual-freak..."

"Well, if that is what dean wants, he can forget it. You are mine. You are MY
lesbian, sexual freak. The ONLY person, who controls you, is me. Now, say what I
taught you!" Anne ordered after cutting her Barbie.

"You are the sun of my life. I worship you Mistress. You are MY; will, thoughts
and the only person that I love. Like your heroines; you are in full control
over MY life. MY only reason to exist is to worship you. You are the sexiest
woman around, and I have the owner of being your Lesbian sex freak." Moesha said
humiliated before Anne told her; "Now, go home and wait for me at my den with
that young bimbo, Charlene."

Then as Moesha did as ordered, Anne attached a leash to Kelly's neck and took
the naked (!) puppygirl for a tour.

The first place that Anne, Honey and Kelly went to was; Ms. Waneright's boutique
from which she needed to get the "twins", twit and twat. Once they got to the
door window of the boutique, Anne informed the former and youngest CEO of the
local TV station while she fixed her hair which was held in brands; "well
bitchy, do you remember how you used to be? Well, I do. You used to be: 5'7"
tall, 130 lb with shoulder length brunette hair and brown eyes. Your
measurements used to be; 36C-30-34. Your height since you met me became; 6'0 and
you now weight; 125 lb. look at you; you are a complete Bimbo with the new
measurements which are: 70FF-16-38. The only thing that you are good for is
being a dumb little doggie-girl. However, you have nothing to worry about as I'm
about to dress you in a special costume like Milky and the rest of the
puppygirls that will include: one-piece suit with mittens/paws for hands, made
of flexible material, without ANY zippers or buttons, you will be sewed into the
suit. And a butt-plug tail and a gag-muzzle will complete the suit. And the best
part is that your boobs will be bare and I will be able to use you in case one
of my cowgirls will feel sick."

Once Anne led the humiliated Kelly in, they saw twit and twat dressed in the
same standard French maid's uniform. Its tight shinny bodice was edged in white
frilly ruffles. Its short black skirt lifted straight out by the many pretty
white petticoats underneath. And it's associated accessories of white apron,
maid's cap and ruffled wide choker finished the most becoming image. But under
all that, each girl wore a complete black rubber catsuit with attached gloves
and hood. A very form fitting hood to which holes were made for their eyes,
mouth and nostrils.

Once again Anne (as always) tried hard to tell who was who without reading the
dog-tags, but it was hopeless. Madame Waneright did too good of a job in
obliterating each girl's identity. But at least they seem to be enjoying
themselves as their wide red smiles attested too. Then once again as always at
the past, Anne realized that they were completely fake! Both girls had the exact
same smile. And when Anne looked even closer she could tell that both girls
looked far too long in the jaw area to be normal. A sign that corresponded with
them having their mouths packed full of something. Then something else caught
her eye; it was with the girl on the right (twit), near her left wrist was the
faint outline of a wrist cuff and something glistening like a chain attached to
it.

Other then that; around their waist was a very constricting rubber corset which
molded them into an hourglass shape.

Twit was doing her best removing the dust from the merchandise, given her short
arm range and the fact that a pole was running up from the center of her ankle
chain straight into her impaled pussy. It appeared that Twit was both encumbered
and stimulated in performing her task at hand.

Twat looked very absorbed with her vacuuming. But instead of using her hands to
manipulate the device, which were now cuffed behind her back, the handle of the
machine was somehow attached to her crotch area.  Further inspect allowed Anne
to see that the handle was directly connected to the base of a dildoe that was
no doubt buried deeply inside Twat's twat. As she moved back and forth to vacuum
the boutique's rug her dildoe was doing the same thing inside of her.

Then after Anne led the "twins" (who carried her packages) out of the boutique
with the new Kelly crawling at her feet, Anne bumped into one of her partners,
Wendy Morgul, who was with her beloved slave simply known as; easy-mom who was
dressed in Green leather; boots, g-string, vest which left her tits shown and a
glowing collar.

Other then that, Anne saw that Wendy made her look like a complete idiot with
her bleached hair and permanent bubble-gum. A green leather mask which reminded
Anne the cold mask at her freezer, which she used whenever she had an headache
after talking with a few of her friends. Her friends always bragged that they
were better then her. However at the end; 90% of the ones in her age became her
slaves, and paid the price.

"I heard about you Anne. Is there anything that I can do?" Wendy asked with a
concern tone and look.

"Yes Wendy. I need your help and since you are the most sadistic creature I know
then here we go; if you were me, what would you do?" Anne asked one of her
closest friends, and one of the only mentors that she had with a very worm
smile.

"Well Anne, let me think. If I was you then I would send him to spend a year
with Miki." Wendy offered.

"I already thought about it." Anne answered.

"Send him to Moesha's former gang?" Wendy tried again.

"They want Moesha back." Anne replied.

Then Just as Wendy was about to answer Anne, Anne's phone rang and on the other
hand was Anne's friend, Janet, who just returned from a visit in Israel and was
furious. However, Anne who had such a lovely day so far was not about to let her
to ruin it, so she made an appointment with her at the ranch later on the day,
before going to drink coffee with her redhead friend.

Meanwhile at another hand of the mall, a woman holding a knife ran toward Simon
screaming; "ITBACH-EL-YAHUD." 10 times before she tried to shove the knife into
Simon's stomach. However, Sarit who heard her at the 4th time ran to Simon's aid
and reached her before the woman and was able to save Simon's life by using what
she learned at the self-defiance class.

Once Simon saw the knife on the floor, the poor woman began to; scream, cry and
shake as she knew how close she was to her death. Then as the guards came and
put handcuffs on the woman's hands, Sarit went to where Simon was now on her
knees shaking as she held her cross before she tore the necklace from her neck
and smashed it on the wall still crying as she mumbled; "never more... I'm
done... never more..." until she felt Sarit's hand across her shoulder. Just
then, still shaken Simon placed her head on Sarit's shoulder and whispered
terrified; "why?"

"Jihad." Sarit answered as she slowly rubbed Simon's hair.

"What is a Jihad?" Simon asked.

"Jihad means a holly-war Simon. You see; you are NOT a MUSLIM and that is why
you have to options. Those options are:

1. Converting religion and become a Muslim.
2. Die.

Furthermore; you have an American citizenship, and America is considered to be
the "big-devil" so you must be killed. You see Sarit, in the eyes of the world
America stands for; democracy, freedom and Capitalism. Those ideas are very
honorable and important. However, the radical Islam feels that it is a threat
because of the fact that America is the strongest Democracy (just so you'll
understand; when I say America, I mean the United-States of America) and that is
why it must be destroyed. However, most of the Muslims who live in the
democratic countries are loyal citizens." Sarit answered.

"What is: itbach-el-yahud?" Simon asked.

"Slaughter the Jew." Sarit answered.

"I'M A JEW?" Simon asked shocked.

"No you are not. However, I am a Jewish and that is the proof that the terror
doesn't care who is a Jew and who is not. Simon, you are not a Muslim and as I
said that are why you have to die. I will understand if you would like to leave
me." Sarit informed Simon worried.

"I will NEVER leave you Sarit. You are the sun in my life and as that song that
you love so much say: 'you won't be walking alone tonight, little one. You will
remain with me and become the rose of my life. I love you so much ka-pa-ra and I
will NEVER leave you.' And besides, in a year you will be old enough to live by
your own." Simon answered as she stood up. Then after helping Sarit, the two
continued to shop with Simon still shaking like a leaf until they got to Madame
Waneright's boutique.

Once at the boutique, Sarit told Simon to wait for her on the leather sofa, and
then she asked: "Madame Waneright; may you please tell me where my pets are?"

"Please remind me, Sarit; what pets? You see I was a bit busy in the last week."
Madame Waneright replied.

"The Johnson triplets." Sarit replied as she remembered how it was a week ago
when she brought the triplets to Madame Waneright. Each member of the triplets
looked the same and Sarit had a bet with Madame Waneright. According to the bet;
the looser will take the winner for a restaurant. And besides Sarit had a score
to settle with the triplets who were the daughters of creature.

"Sarit; please follow me. Right this way." Madame Waneright said as she gave
Sarit for, before she led Sarit to a room at the back. In the room Sarit saw the
oldest daughter of 'creature', Angel, who used to be the MOST popular girl in
school, and turned Sarit's life into a living hell. All of that took place Since
Sarit arrived to school against her will. However, once Sarit met Simon and
began to learn from Anne the trade that she was so good at, the helpless girl
became even greater then her; mentor\step-mother, Anne.

And now here she was looking at that thing infront of her was nothing like she
remembered. Poor Angel, who was only half a year looked like a baby as she was
in a baby-crib dressed like her middle sister in; pink mittens with matching
baby-shoes, a rug which was used as a diaper while it was held by a rope, little
apron with pink kitten and the name; 'Pee-Pee' around her neck (while the name;
'wee-wee was printed at her sister's apron) and a baby cap.

The next girl was, Lillian, who was the youngest girl, and she was dressed as a
puppygirl in an outfit which included; one-piece suit with mittens/paws for
hands, made of flexible material; there were no zippers or buttons, and just
like the rest of the puppies; Lulu has been sewn into the suit. A butt-plug tail
and a gag-muzzle completed the suit.

Other then that, the puppygirl had a red, spiked leather collar with a dog-tag
saying;

Name; Lulu.
Owner; Sarit L. Smith.
Number; 909876524
If found please call to; XXX-XXX-XXXX

Then as Sarit looked at the over grown baby, Madame Waneright informed Sarit;
"as you requested, the triplets were changed and now each of them is nothing
like what she used to be. Those bimbos won't bother you again as each of them
was conditioned to be a loyal slave for you. For example; Angel as became your
personal human-size Barbie doll. Lulu was reduced into a puppygirl, who knows
the entire set of; commends and tricks. However, don't worry Sarit, she can be
taught new tricks. Angel and Michele who you hated the most, became little
Pee-Pee and Wee-Wee. However, little not like in pee-pee's case; you have four
options so that a bright girl like you would be able to play with Wee-Wee;

1. If you will say the word 'BABY' she will become the little baby that you see
here.
2. If you will say the word; 'CHILD' and then an Age between; 3-13, wee-wee will
turn into; Pee-Pee and will act as if she is at that age.
3. If you will say the word; "TEENAGER' and then an age between 13-19 she will
remain; Pee-Pee and will act as if she is at that age.
4. If you'll say the word; 'NORMAL' you will she will return into; Michele
Johnson and won't be nice. However, the bitch will be submissive and accept for
useless attempts to protest; you won't have ANY troubles from her.

Now, just so you'll know; ALL of them will remember anything that you'll do to
them. And the good news for you is that Michele will only reply to the names;
'wee-wee' or 'pee-pee' while she will be at the 'normal' mode."

"Great. Is there anything else that I need to know, Madame Waneright?" Sarit
asked.

"Yes; Anne was here earlier and took ALL of their 'stuff' after informing me
that you'll come to get your toys." Madame Waneright answered.

"Okay. Thank you for the hard work. I'm sorry to cut the visit short, but I have
a few chores at home. Now Angel; I want you to push little wee-wee's crib as we
will leave the boutique. Don't worry about Lulu because I will lead her." Sarit
said as she gave Lulu's leash to Simon who calmed down a bit and ALL of them
left the boutique.

* * * * * * * * *
Anne looked at Moesha who were the new a chastity belt. The chastity belt had;
dildo, butt plug, and a clital node which was used to rub her clit and keep her
consonantly horny. All of these devices were a laser operated vibrators as they
had a sensor which got the signal from Anne's finger printed remote, so that by
the touch of a button, and Anne could force Moesha into having an orgasm, which
she did as she forced the topless Moesha to lick her shoes. While Moesha did as
ordered, Anne informed her; "now my cute Moesha, the job of this chastity belt
is to make sure that you won't be able to bring yourself off, as you won't get
to your clit and pussy, due to the belt preventing your fingers from getting
into her pussy. You are about to be the MOST loyal slave that I have as you will
be dependant on me completely. However, Moesha; whenever we will go out I'll
allow you to wear other type of clothing."

In addition, the harness part of the chastity belt is leather, with a silver
plate on the front that says, "Moesha, Property of Mistress Anne" in big
letters, readable without having to get too close. Inside the chastity belt,
Moesha had small dildo in her pussy, so that she couldn't even move it properly
enough to have an orgasm, just big enough so that she knows that it's there.

However, the butt plug was a 12" long and at the widest part, the part just
inside of her sphincter, it's 4" wide, so that it's always uncomfortable. The
clital node, was just a small protrusion, like a rounded and slightly curved
talon (a bird's toe), that the tip presses against the base of the underside of
her clit, and then runs down the length of her clit, so that with every step she
takes, her clit is rubbing against it, and then there is an angled piece that
juts out over the end of her clit.

This part is a little rougher, and rubs the tip of her clit with any movement
that she makes, but the contact still isn't tight enough to allow her to get
off, leaving her dependant upon Anne for any and all orgasms that she's allowed
to have, but at the same time, leaving her always anxious to have sex, because
the chastity belt keeps her in a highly aroused state.

The chastity belt was shaped to like a thong as they slipped between her pussy
lips, and ass cheeks, thus making her pussy even more noticeable, than if she
wore no panties at all. One of the reasons for this was, that Anne was about to
dress her in a nice sundress that'll be so small that everyone will be able to
see the bottoms of her ass cheeks and Pussy. The other reason was that Anne
wanted that Moesha will get accustomed to be dressed like Anne plans for her. As
far as Anne was concerned Moesha now had only once choice; submit herself for
Anne's will, or that her ex-husband, Monique, will suffer. Once Moesha heard
Anne's ultimatum, she chose just what Anne had in mine and submitted herself to
Anne's will.

Other then that, Moesha was not allowed to wear ANYTHING accept for a pair of
red high heels. Now after Anne was sure that she controlled Moesha, who will be
dependant on her, and will need her became easier for Latifa to give her one
major orgasm after the other.

Between Anne's legs was Latifa who enjoyed herself, as she drank Anne's "sweet
nectar' as she once called it. On her Part, Anne looked at her animated toy
displayed it's erotic self like a department store dummy on a revolving
platform, Barbie, who was dressed with the same model of chastity belt that
Moesha wore. Other then that, Barbie was bound with those cloth Velcro straps.
Barbara's arms were bound together behind her back and again to her torso.
Another set of cloth restraints were used to hold her upper legs above her knees
were held together with another tight strap.

On her feet, Barbie was six inch high heel shoes. The final article of clothing
for Barbara to wear was Latifa's panties, her fully soaked with her sexual
juices panties after she saw Anne in her Chiffon Long Gown. And these Barbie
wore inside her mouth, all of it, packed deep in her succulent mouth. Anne told
her to keep her lips sealed around it and suck every last drop of her sweat
nectar down her throat if she wants to have another orgasm ever. Unable to
resist Anne's will; Barbie complied with disgust and repugnance as her mouth
actively chewed and her throat muscles swallowed as much as they could until
Latifa finished and left the room. However, Anne didn't allow Barbie to take of
the panties, as she wanted her to train her mouth until it will become more
louse then a noodle.

Then as Anne's finished, Anne said to the speaker: "Now, that is very
interesting. However, you didn't listen to me, and now Moesha will name the
mistakes that you did. And we will see who is smarter. Moesha you may begin!"

"Well Anne; Mistress Beverly's first mistake was that she took a cab, while you
specifically told her to rent a car. Other mistake that most of your friends are
doing was that she never listened to your orders." Moesha replied, and just as
she finished; Anne pressed on the remote and left her finger there until the
kneeling slave received a major orgasm.

Then as Anne looked at Moesha, who fell to the ground shaking, she began to
press on the remote for short periods. That way she slowly took over Moesha's
sexual needs, the first step in her plan for the total control over Moesha. 10
seconds later, Anne informed Beverly through Moesha's moans of frustration; "If
the black-bitch will come here then I promise you that she will join your
mother. I already secured a nice cell for at my dungeon, next to the
"entertainment of my parties" and she won't like what I'll do to her. By the way
my dear; your mother, Lau... I mean; party became the greatest source of income.
I never knew that your mother can be that slutty."

Then after Anne hang up the phone, Moesha received Anne's attention as she began
to tease her soon-to-be pussy slave who begged to have more sex as she became
hornier by the minute until Monique heard her shouting from the next room:
"ANNE? PLEASE ANNE; I KNOW THAT I WAS A VERY NAUGHTY GIRL. BUT PLEASE, I REALY
NEED YOU TO HUNDLE ME. PLEASE FREE MY HANDS ANNE, I REALY NEEDS TO PLAY WITH
MYSELF."

Anne?

Since when Moesha calls her mistress by her first name?

Anne was the enemy, wasn't she?

What's going on?

And that tone of voice; what's up with that?

Then after Anne finished, she casually jumped on Justy's saddle, and rode out of
the room on her slaves back while Moesha begged louder. The first place on their
tour was the pig-pen, which covered with a huge cell to keep poor sow in. And
there at the middle of the area, both Anne and Justy saw sow helplessly running
away from; Honky, who just finished fucking his "wife", and wanted some more.

Then as sow looked over, Valkie saw that she wore a muzzle-gag which was shaped
by a pig's head, and Justy knew that it was Madame Waneright's job. However,
when she asked Anne about it, her mistress told her that it was not the job of
Ms. Waneright's but that of her friend; Michko-Sukari who was a famous Geisha
and her twin; Suki, who was Anne's long time friend and colleague as far as
their grandfathers were concern.

Both girls met at the age of three, when Anne was sent to Japan to live for two
years with Master Ororro, Suki and Michko's grandfather. From the first time
that Anne's little feet stood on the Ororro's mention, and she met Suki; both
girls became great-friends as they played together. Then at the age of 16 when
each was told why they met, Anne flew on an official trip to Japan accompanied
by her mother as an official represent of her "nice and old" grandfather to talk
about "fish" with Suki.

Since those times, both Suki and Anne grew older but they remained loyal to each
other, and thank to Suki's help; Anne was able to fine clues about her father
or; "scumbag" as both girls used to call him. Speaking on Suki reminded Anne
that her friends are suppose to arrive and live in her ranch permanently as her
life and that of Michko were at stake.

Then just as Anne and her mare reached the next site, Anne's cellular phone rang
and Anne answered: "Hallo, Suki is that you?"

"No Anne, that's Samantha." The woman on the other line answered, and Anne
squashed a bug on her forehead with her hand.

"What can I do for you?" Anne asked.

"What was that knock?" Samantha asked.

"My father." Anne answered.

"What?" Samantha asked.

"Never mind Samantha. What can I do for you?" Anne asked.

"Well, I need to have your permission to do something." Samantha replied.

"What?" Anne asked.

"Well, I thought of something. Do you remember when you told me about Amy's
chauffer outfit?" Samantha asked.

"Yes, it was once outfit used to belong to an organ grinder's monkey. Even a
dumb slut like Amy figured that out, when the fleas started biting her!
According to my ex-boss it was so cute seeing her scratching so helplessly and I
agree with her. Why do you ask?" Anne replied curious.

"Well Anne, I just received a few costumes of a monkey which was designed
according to the slut's measurements. That stupid slut looks so cute in it that
I just wanted to see if you'd like her to stay like that." Samantha replied.

"Sure go for it. I always wanted to own a monkey. And besides; if it will
humiliate the respected tramp... sorry ex-DA then why not?" Anne replied.

"Thanks Anne. Goodbye." Samantha said while looking at Amy who was already
dressed Amy.

"Goodbye Samantha. Enjoy the 48 hours that you have with the slut." Anne replied
as she hanged up the phone, and relaxed in her chair.

Meanwhile in another side of the city, Samantha had Amy dancing like a monkey of
an organ grinder at the middle of the park dressed in; a costume of a gorilla,
red g-string abbreviated matching red vest and a red chauffer's cap. Poor Amy's
outfit was made from 2 lairs: the 1st one was full leather, crouch-lass body
suit with an attached; hood, gloves and boots which were shaped to match the one
of an ape.

Above that, Amy was dressed in: one-piece crouch-lass suit with mittens which
turned to her paws instead of the human hands that she used to have. The outfit
itself was made from a flexible material; there are no zippers or buttons. The
suit itself was held by a thick leather collar. Right above her ass, Amy had a
tail and over her face she had a gag-muzzle shaped as a monkey's face which
completed the suit as a hood that was shaped as the rest of the monkey's head
covered her hood.

Then after the music stopped, Samantha told her monkey to get closer. Then as
Samantha talked on and on, Amy planned her revenge. Her plan was to start her
report to Anne with what Samantha said, and fortunately for her; Amy had in her
collars a secret phones and homing beacons to support her claims. The helpless
slave just knew that Anne will give her the role of her new personal-assistant
now after Moesha became her OFFICIAL pussy slave. After all; now Moesha will be
busy in taking part as the entertainment in Anne's parties (which were wilder
then Geri and Morganna's), or just serve Anne, so someone need to take care of
Anne's non-sexual needs, and that someone will be Amy... or more accurate, that
someone will be: Ulrica Wodden, Anne's slave according to the court.

Then after a VERY long speech, it was time to get back to work for a little
while longer.

Samantha had a few things to buy, and Amy will get her the money.

Once Samantha got enough money, both women returned home. Inside her home,
Samantha removed Amy's outfit. Once Amy stood there naked, Samantha inserted
ben-wa-balls to her pussy. Then Samantha placed on Amy's nipples vibrating
nipple clamps, before poor Amy was forced to wear her serving wench uniform
which included: red leather collar and a 6" high heeled shoes. Her arms were
then bound tightly behind her back, forcing her to thrust her huge tits out even
more, and she has a tray hanging from her neck to serve drinks and hors
d'ouerves on.

In her ass, Amy had the usual butt plug with a horse's tail attached to the end
of it, letting everyone know that her ass hole is plugged up.

Poor Amy had a tray which had spikes on the bottom of it, which dug into her
tits, especially so from the weight of the items on the tray.

Her nipples were clamped with heavy bells hanging from the clamps, so that the
bells bounce and sway as she walks, thus tugging on her nipples. Of course
anyone who wants can fondle/play with her pussy, tits or ass hole. Once Amy was
dressed, Samantha took her to her car which was attached to a trailer which
contained all of the things that Amy arrived with and what Samantha bought her
as they were added to Anne's ranch.

Once there Samantha gave Amy to Anne. Then as Anne's slaves took the things from
the trailer to Amy's room, the poor slave was forced to watch as Samantha took
her former sport car and drove away to her former house. Once Samantha was out
of the ranch, Anne led Amy to her old room which had a NEW golden sign which
said: "Ulrica Wodden, personal toy of Mistress Anne.", then after Anne locked
the door Amy who only had her 6" high-heel, thigh high boots began to cry.

Once Ulrica calmed herself down, she went to her desk where she found a note
which said:

"Dear tramp.

I hope that you enjoyed the time that you had with Samantha. If I understood
correctly, she trained you to be an Animal slave and that is exactly what you
will become. Anyway, I decided that it is time for me to start and to use;
Ulrica Wodden, as my slave just like the court has sentenced you. However, you
have no need to worry.

You see Ulrica; because Moesha became my pussy-slave, you will take ALL of the
responsibilities that she used to have. Now just so you'll know; I learned ALL
the things that I need to know about you, and not like Morganna who loved to see
you submissive; I love you without the will that you used to have.

If you'll screw up my dear Ulrica; you'll be sorry.

Remember; one mistake and you will be punished... severely.

Signed; your one and ONLY mistress."

Once Amy finished reading, she returned to her bed and began to cry.

* * * * * * * *
Anne was sitting in her chair, talking on the phone as she looked at Monique who
was inside a cage, and looked anxious as she looked at her mistress. After the
nightmare that Monique went through with Mona; she was terrified from Anne, as
she knew that his ex-wife Moesha was there not far in Anne's personal bed as she
became Anne's "lover" by her own "free" will as Anne informed him.

Poor Moesha was tied on Anne's bed, and was bushed, as in the last hour she was
working betweens Anne's thigh and she still wore a Leather Bondage Gag with
Double Dildo. The gag itself was fastened under her high Afro, and locked right
behind her head by two locks. The 1st lock was for decoration and unimportant,
but the 2nd was holding it.

You see, poor Moesha went through a simple operation which placed sensors at a
"strategic points" like Moesha's; boobs, waist, ass cheeks, neck, stomach, face,
pussy-lips and other places that I may get in touch with. Poor Moesha KNEW that
those sensors were made to turn her on, by arousing her. Each of those sensors
operated by a remote, and all Anne needed had to do was to push the button and
the sensors would work. For example; if Anne wanted that Moesha's nipples or
clit to become erect, she simply presses a button, and the sensor raises
Moesha's arousal level, in that particular part (or parts) of her body.

Other then that Moesha knew Anne's Plans which were to not only use her as her
personal Pussy-slave, but also to turn her and Monique into an Internet porn
stars, with a link in Anne's website to a section dedicated to her stars. In
that web site, Anne will either force Moesha to follow scripts, or taking
requests from her unseen voyeurs.

Furthermore, Moesha knew that Anne already has a few pictures of Moesha as a
come on, and that she is also have a clock showing the time to Moesha's debut.
The charge to become a member is $35US, and 50$ to get live updates concerning
Moesha's performances and schedule. Within a two months since the pictures were
published, Anne got over 1,000 paid members. Anne had both the stuff (Pictures
of Moesha) to see.

Anne also planned that; Monique and Moesha WON'T co-star in the movies. The two
would be there separately but equal. Then as Moesha heard Monique's voice, she
remembered that Anne decided that Monique will do what she used to do; service
men. Maybe even temporarily removing
her artificial pussy, confirming that she's a she-male, as  she deep throats
huge cocks and takes them up her ass, and cums like it's going out of style,
while she's getting butt fucked.

Anne knew (after consulting with an advisor) that it would draw a different
clientele to the site, gays, and men who like to be serviced by transsexual
she-males. In other words, both log into the same site, but the males and
lesbians (mostly Lesbians) go to Moesha's section, while the gay men go to
Monique's section.

Then as Anne looked at her computer-screen (which showed her ALL of her slaves
who were kept in the motel), Anne informed Monique; "Now Monique, as you know;
Moesha and you belong to me. That is why I decided to give Moesha a new position
in the hierarchy of this ranch. However, Moesha won't be the only one as you
will be taken to a nice room at the motel."

Once Anne finished, 2 women came and took Monique without giving her the time to
respond. Then after she was alone, Anne went to Moesha's room. When she got
inside, Anne went to Moesha's bed and freed her from the bondage. Once Moesha
was free, Anne grabbed her hand and led her to Ulrica's room where Moesha saw
for the 1st time in years a DA in distress.

Then without a word, Moesha watched on as Ulrica (who returned to her former
measurements) dropped to her knees. Once on her knees, Ulrica put her hands on
her head while spreading her legs. Then after Ulrica aimed her face on Anne's
pussy, her mistress asked: "Ulrica, who is raggedy-Anne?"

"You are... (Gulp...) Mistress." Ulrica answered scared to death. Everyone who
knew Anne also knew that it was a BIG mistake to call that to Anne in her face.

"Why?" Anne said with a sadistic smile.

"That was your nickname... (Gulp...) in school... (Gulp...) Mistress." Ulrica
answered in fear.

"Why?" Anne asked.

"Because of the hair between your legs... mistress." Ulrica answered.

"How did you fined out?" Anne asked.

"My sources as a DA... they once talked about a scared teenager. The teenager
was known as: "Raggedy Anne" and my source told me to check about her. However,
that evening I became the slave of Mistress Morganna (see: The Silver Valkyrie
by GW) and since then I'm a slave." Ulrica answered.

"But how did you know that I was; Raggedy-Anne?" Anne answered.

"Well Mistress; your pussy and armpits. They are matching the profile of
"raggedy Anne", not to forget that you are having the same: height, weight and
body of that teenager." Ulrica answered.

"Cute. Now I see why Morg' decided to call you; slut." Anne remarked with a
sadistic smile.

"Yes mistress." Ulrica replied humiliated, shaking her head.

"So, did you arrange your stuff as I told you?" Anne continued to interrogate
her slave. That interrogation always made the former confident DA feel very
stupid next to Anne who treated her as if she was an idiot. Then poor Ulrica
watched Anne who dressed Moesha in a full, pinkish body latex catsuit, with the
crotch cut out all the way up to the top of her ass crack and holes cut out for
her breasts to both stick out, and to be squeezed tightly at the base.

Next Anne fastened a bright-red mini-corset over Moesha's waist, which gave her
current, hourglass shaped waist more rounded look.

Then as Anne stroked Moesha's Afro, she asked; "Where have you heard my nickname
lately?"

"One of Miss Samantha's friends told it." Ulrica replied.

Then Ulrica once again watched as Anne forced the legs of her pussy-slave into a
pair of high heeled ballerina shoes, in which she's literally walking on the
ends of her toes. Once Moesha was dressed, Ulrica saw how Anne pulled her robe,
and there was her famous raggedy Anne costume which included: white, latex hat
with yarn hair attached, tight, blue leather dress with apron which showed ALL
of the curves in Anne's naked and sexy body, bloomers, and striped socks.

Once Anne's costume was revealed, Moesha helped Anne to straighten the costume.
Once the costume was ready, Anne decided that it was time for them to go to her
training room where Moesha's training will begin. Then after grabbing Ulrica and
Moesha's hands, Anne took them to a secret room and began to train them.

When they got to the training room, Anne led the naked Ulrica to a spot where
she attached a pair of cuffs to her legs. Each cuff was connected to the other
by a chain running through a ring which was held by a chain attached to the
floor. Then after Anne signaled to Moesha, the hopeless pussy-slave pressed on a
button and Ulrica saw a stout rod attached to a pulley device with two pairs of
handcuffs made of the leaden chains (which Morganna used) running down from it.
Soon Ulrica's hands were

Then after Anne finished, she once again signaled to Moesha who began to crank
the rod upward, the tall Valkyrie heroine was slowly raised until finally her
dangling feet, left the floor entirely, and then to the maximum. Then as her
barefooted toes scrabbled frantically for purchase, the pain in her head became
atrocious. Once poor Ulrica was in place, she looked around and there inside of
a 2x4 metal cage was her friend, Judge Deirdre Mainwaring, who was newly
admitted to the bar, Anne's bar that is. Deirdre was dressed in a costume which
was used to mock her former life.

The costume itself was made from two parts. The 1st part was a patterned after
the proud Justice-lady uniform she once wore. That seemed so long ago, now. Of
course, the suit was made of some other material, and it lacked strategic
material at bust and crotch. Mistress Anne had tied a blue G-string around her
hips, the knots firm but easily untied whenever he desired access to her. Her
scarlet halter was reduced to a Red bra cut so low, and is so loose, if poor
Deirdre isn't careful, her tits pop out of her top.

Other then that, Anne added a few adornments as well, net stockings and red and
yellow garters, to be worn with her jaunty white boots.

The other part of the outfit was a Black skirt which was made from the judge's
robe which she used to have. The rest of the robe was used to make other
clothing to the humiliated judge, who knew Anne's plans for them. Then as Ulrica
watched around at her friends who were in bondage or cages, her look caught a
look at Anne.

Anne, the woman who was able to keep up with Morganna's regime of terror. The
woman, who literally threw her to the dogs, looked so cute in that outfit. To
say that this beautiful creature who danced there with Moesha was the sadistic
bitch that she knew, suddenly seemed very wrong to say. She did remember
everything that Anne did to her and her friends. However, somehow Anne was able
to take control over her mind, and change everything that she thought about the
little angel.

Meanwhile at the local airport, Sarit and Latifa were talking as they held a
sign which said: "Suki Smith", when suddenly they saw seven women coming toward
them. 3 of the women seemed to be blonde bimbos, while the other 4 were
Japanese. Then after the women got to them and ALL of them bowed, one of them
asked Sarit who held the sign: "excuse me. Do you know where I can get myself a
raggedy-Anne doll?"

"The best way is at the toy store." Sarit replied after waiting precisely 5
seconds.

"The stores will be closed soon." The woman replied after 5 seconds.

"It's only: 14:00." Sarit replied after 6 seconds.

"So you are famous Sarit? I thought from all of the praises that Anne throws
about you, that you'll be older." The woman replied.

"Yes. I'm Sarit and that is Simon. Are you Suki?" Sarit replied.

"Yes, and that is my sister Michko." Suki replied.

"I'm sorry for being rude, but who are those women?" Sarit asked.

"This woman is my Geisha, bodyguard and lover. Her name is Sassuri Kawai." Suki
replied pointing at a Japanese woman who was dressed in the traditional; Kimono,
ribbon around her waist and the body and face of an Angel.  Sassuri was holding
two leashes which were attached to a pair of Pink collars which rested around
the necks of the Blonde twins who had on their face an Idiotic Grin. Both women
were dressed in all pink outfit which included; 8" pumps, fishnet-stockings,
garter belt, tight spandex Mini dress which allowed Sarit to have a pick of the
pink thong that each slave wore,  as it ended 2" above the edge of her pussy.

Other then that, each girl had; Pink purse with Disney figures on it. Their
hairs were held by ribbons in pig-tails and their face was covered with heavy,
slutty makeup. Then without a word, Sassuri went to Sarit and gave her the leash
of one of the bimbos which said: "Name: Ricky-Rick, property Owner: Mistress
Anne."

Once Sarit finished reading she began to laugh as she remembered something that
Anne told her. The name: Ricky-Rick It's a dirty joke. Ricky Rick is usually
pronounced as "Licky-Lick". Then as Sarit began to laugh like crazy, Simon got
worried until she heard the tramp declared still with her smile: "I am little
Licky-lick girl and I am the best pussy slave in this side of the Atlantic. I
was tlained by mistless Suki to bling plesule to hel host; mistless laggedy-Anne
and hel fliends. Now aftel mistless Suki took ovel my life, and tulned me into a
lesbian toy, I'm willing to selve Mistless Anne if she would like me to."

"Does Anne know about her, Miss Suki?" Sarit asked politely.

"Yes, she does. Would you like to hear the slut's story?" Suki asked.

"Sure, but may I know who the other women are?" Sarit asked.

"The American is my slave, naughty, and the lovely geisha is; Ororro. Like
Sassuri, she is my Geisha, bodyguard and lover. And I love her. Please forgive
Ororro and Sassuri, they don't know English." Michko said.

"And as far as it is up to them and to us; they are not going to." Suki added,
and Sarit so that Michko agreed with her older sister.

"That's fine by me. I'm not going to interfere." Sarit informed Suki and Michko.

"Thank you." Both women said in unison and bowed.

"There is no need to thank me. You have traditions to keep, so who am I to stop
you?" Sarit asked, and saw how a big smile covered Suki's face.

Then as they walked to the Limousine which waited for them, Suki told Sarit
Ricky's story; "You see Sarit, little Ricky used to be an "investigating"
reporter who was once known; Amanda clay. Amanda used to work for a cheap
tabloid called: 'come to visit" when she did a report about my grandfather's
gang. Something that everyone who had a brain knew that it was as the American
say; a no-no.

My grandfather was so furious that he decided to get the big gun on the case. I
WAS and STILL am that gun. So that night I went to visit the little tramp. Once
I got to her place, I told her to drop the story and left as I came. However,
the tramp thought that I use kidding so she did a few sequels. So after my
grandfather couldn't stand it anymore, he gave me a phone call which was used as
an extra called shower. I never heard my father so furious, nor cursing as he
did. You see Sarit, when the master calls you in names like; cunt, useless tramp
and a few others you must do better and I did.

Over the next month I became obsessed with her destruction. I just couldn't;
sleep, eat, drink or rest until I came up with a plan. Once the plan was ready,
I began to work. For an entire month, I followed Ricky. I became her shadow, and
there was nothing that she did without knowing it. For the next month, I tried
to find dirt on her, but I had no luck. I had no luck until the day in which my
luck as changed.

You see Sarit; Amanda was a married woman to a diplomat, but she had an affair
with another women. Once I found that fact, I got the couple to visit my hotel
where they received the sweet. And so for the entire night, the two had wild
sex, and didn't bother to hide in the sheets. Once I had that tape, the road to
turn the hunter to the hunted became shorter.

The 1st slut that I took care of was her lover, who became my bank account until
this day. Maybe you know her, her name is Donna M. Johnson. The poor tramp never
knew what hit her. After a month in which her money went to me, the slut
returned to the US with her husband. In fact, she lives here in Empire-city, so
maybe it is time for me to get her reacquainted with me. This time she won't be
able to escape from me, and soon she would divorce from her man and I will get
EVERYTHING that they own including their bodies and soul.

Once Donna was out of the way, it was time to destroy Amanda's life. Since
Amanda made the master, my grandfather, to scream on me then the 1st thing that
I did was to send her husband and kids to a friends of mine around the world
which they serve until now. Then once I got her alone, my loyal Sassuri
kidnapped her and her training began.

Once they got to the Limo, all of them got to the back, and the driver took them
to the ranch.

The end of Chapter 23.

The permissions:

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW, Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW
and used with the author's permission.  Rosy was taken from the stories:
"Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson" by GW, Cynthia (power miss) was taken
from the stories: Fraulein Power's Trophies, Latin Holiday and "Fraulein Power"
by GW she is used with the author's permission.
2. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: "Bimbo Dot Com", Brenda
Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black were taken
from the story: "What Men Look for in Women", and Jamie was taken from the
story: "Jamie's new job", Mia, Dana and Sara were taken from the story: you bet
your brain" by MrGray. ALL of the characters are being used with the author's
permission.
3. Barbie\Barbara Derman and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat"
by Musker, Ms. Waneright Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Dr. Stein and Karol were
taken from the story: Omens - a Halloween tale and it sequels by Musker and ALL
of them are being used with Musker's permission.
4. Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
5. Charlotte and Sherri were taken from the story: "Charlotte" by Parker,
Christina was taken from the story: "Christina" by Parker, Barbie Dahl was taken
from the story: "Career Opportunities" by Parker, Jen-Jen was taken from the
story: "Pool party" by Parker, Jennifer and Karen were taken from the story: 
"Dear diary" by Parker and Squealer was taken from the story: Squealer" by
parker. All of the characters are being used with Parker's permission and that
story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories.
6. Donna Stanton and Emily Johnson were taken from the story: "Becoming her
maid" by Jackpot, and Stacy Erickson taken from the story: "Social security
slut" by Jackpot. All of them are used with the permission of Jackpot.
7. Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story "Surrendering
Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author: Night_Writer and
just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a sequel to the story.
9. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
9. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, and used
with her permission.
10. Tina's look is based on Toni's look from the comics: "Toni goes to the
bondage ball" by Doggers.
11. Itty-Bitty was taken from the story: "Itty-Bitty" by Marlissa, and used with
the author's permission.
12. Anne and Susie were taken from the story: Cheerleader Picture by Ninja
Turtle.




From a mayor to a slave, part 25
By the outsider
Suki settles in Empire-city and getting a new slave, Sow and Dopey as a visit to
the clinic, Sarit is sick, and Anne tries a new system with Moesha while
celebrating her birthday with the biggest orgy that was ever seen, Moesha and
Monique trying to escape while Anne is at the mall.

Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to any of
the stories or the comics which I borrowed characters from. 

2. All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca,
in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and it is used for MY personal use ONLY.

3. This chapter is dedicated for a very special "muse".


4. I want to thank Ted E. bear, GW and Musker for the ideas that they gave me so
far.

5. The pictures in this chapter are used with GW's permission.

Part_25 - let the show begin.

Anne Just and Moesha just returned home from exercising their pet; Deirdre who
she rode on. Poor Deirdre was dressed in her official slave uniform which
included the Blue thong and the red Bra. Poor Deirdre crawled on her hands and
knees with a saddle placed right at the middle of her back. Next to Anne walked
Moesha who seemed to be sexier with each day that she spent as Anne's slave.
Over the last month, after her training was over, Anne slowly accustomed Moesha
to have a shoulder length hair which was neither; straight, in a pony tail or in
pig tails.

As far as Anne was concern there was nothing sexier then Moesha's current
hairstyle incorporated with the cloths that she now wore. After Moesha's
training was finely over, there was no need to have the chastity belt on and so
Anne was free to dress Moesha in other items. However, the chastity belt was not
forgotten as Anne always forced Moesha to wear that, as well as a metal bra with
electric shockers which teased Moesha's nipples.

Today Moesha was only dressed in pink see-through g-string, and her usual collar
which became her trademark. As for her hair, Anne decided that after the great
job that Moesha did last night, it will fall down across her body and won't be
held by anything.

When Anne got back to the ranch with her slaves, she went with them to the
training room. Once there, she ordered Moesha and Deirdre to get Ulrica down
while she went to her computer and watched her own site. Once Anne got to
Monique; was very pleased to see Roger Claybourne, who just returned to the
ranch 24 hours ago, and was already being forced to fuck Monique who was WITHOUT
her artificial pussy for the last 20 hours without a stop as both feared Anne's
reaction. Especially now when she was dressed in her beloved Raggedy-Anne
outfit, and had no fear in expressing herself.

Then as Ulrica was getting down Anne informed Ulrica and Deirdre: "now sluts, I
decided to have myself a court room of my own. That is why I decided that you,
Deirdre, you will become the judge... or better to say puppet. And I'll become
the jury and executioner. You see sluts, prosecutor Jane here as lots on the
balance; if she will loose then Miki will get her for a month. However, if she
would win then she'll remain here as my personal maid, and Deirdre; the same
goes for you. Now Moesha, bring yourself over here and begin to lick me after
you will return tramp Deirdre and slut Ulrica to their cells!"

Once Moesha heard what Anne ordered her, she did it without a word. For the next
hour Moesha won't have any choice accept for pleasuring her mistress with; a
mouth dildo, but other then that she'd of course use her own mouth, lips and
tongue, as well as her fingers, but she could also use vibrators and dildos,
manually of course.

However, since Anne desired that Moesha won't talk today; she forced her to wear
her Leather Bondage Gag with Double Dildo which she became accustomed to. Around
Moesha's neck was a posture collar, which made it harder for her to move her
head to the sides. That collar was also used to have Anne advantage over her
slave; because Moesha couldn't move her head, Anne could make her pussy-slave
more accurate

Meanwhile at Morganna's clinic, easy was joined by her mother, sow, and
daughter, dopey. For a moment, easy felt a moment's relief and hope, instantly
replaced by the dreadful realization, that though her loved ones were alive,
they were helpless, naked, abused prisoners like her. However, they were the
property of another mistress who lent them to Morganna and company.

On their own part, even after their long, heartbreaking captivity at Morganna's
clinic, and the daily abuse that they went through since arriving to the ranch;
sow and dopey were shocked by the damage Morganna's hellish family had inflicted
on easy who still tried to be a respected mother.

A final torment was in store for easy, perhaps more terrible than any other, for
it came from those she loved. Instead of comforting the distraught superheroine,
in her terrible affliction, her beloved mother and daughter began fondling her
voluptuous body, with unmistakable erotic intent. Anne ordered them to do
WHTEVER Morganna ordered. She also informed them that ALL the orders which
Morganna and Leticia had issued in the past before they became her slave MUST be
followed, because their word was LAW.

Once the most indomitable and fearless defenders of virtue, the captive Sow and
dopey had been conditioned by long terror and abuse to carry out any whim of
their cruel mistress, no matter how fiendish or depraved. Sow and dopey, sobbing
in despair at what they must do, quickly immobilized their wretchedly pleading
victim. Easy screaming in shock, tried to fight them off, but the Kryptonite
collar robbed her of any hope of protecting herself. However, the wailing ex
crime-fighter swiftly became the helpless victim of the vilest of shameful
outrages, INCESTUOUS RAPE!

As easy experienced the fruits of reunion with her loved ones, Morganna, Wendy,
Leticia and Geri Phillips Connoisseurs of such diversions set back and watched
in scornful amusement, through a two way mirror. If there was something that
Anne had in common with Morganna, Wendy, Leticia and Geri Phillips it was:

1. Using her slave as best as she could.
2. Having the weekly family reunion of; sow and dopey (her slaves), and the
slave of the clinic, easy, who was raped ALL of the time.

* * * * * * * *
Anne was walking with Moesha through the "corridor of pleasure" as she called
it. After a short walk through the long corridor, they finely stopped next to a
one way Mirror. Inside the room who looked like an interrogation room were;
Dianna who was dressed in Dita's uniform while she bossed poor Hilda around
while the helpless woman was on her hands and knees, brushing Diana's toilet.

Then as Anne looked on, her hand slipped into Moesha's puny skirt, and began
slowly rub her right cheek. Once Moesha felt her mistress's touch, she began to
moan from pleasure because the sensors were working. Whenever Moesha was with
Anne, or stared in porn movie then her mistress, Anne, conveniently "forgot"
where she placed the remote. However, whenever Moesha went to Monique the
sensors were off and in most cases she had her chastity belt on. Being with
Monique was a mandatory situation. However, sex with Moesha was treated by Anne
as a reward which Monique had to earn by having sex with Roger or other men
which Lisa owned.

Once Anne saw that Moesha was horny enough, she took Moesha to her new room.
Inside the room Moesha freaked, and asked Anne: "huh mistress, are you sure
that... this is MY room? It can't be my room. That room belongs to a mistress...
and I'm nothing but a sexual-freak and a mere pussy slave."

"Everything in that room belongs to you, Moesha. Remember what I told you; be
nice to me, and you will leave like a queen. Look Moesha, I know that you are a
heterosexual girl. However, if you don't feel comfortable with something then I
expect that you will FAKE your excitement. I don't expect you to change over
night and turn into a lesbian. From my own experience it takes a very long time.

Now Moesha before I'll go, I'm about to leave you with that thought; it doesn't
matter anymore where you will go. Monique is a transsexual, with a 'fake' pussy
which she can't remove by herself, hormone generated tits, and a boyfriend in
the form or Roger." Was all Anne said, before she left Moesha alone and locked
the door so that her pussy slave won't be able to escape. However, after seeing
her NEW room there was NO way that Moesha would want to leave by her free will.

Moesha began the tour in her new room, by looking at her bed. Here she was, a
sexual-freak who was accustomed in sleeping at the bed of her mistress, Anne, or
as she was gang-banged 24/7 or worked as the gang's sexual freak. But here was a
real bed with; 2 pillows, blanket and a mattress with clean sheets.

Then as she began to cry, Moesha placed her bare-feet on the worm and soft rug
as she walked to 2 doors. The first door led Moesha to a bathroom. In the
bathroom, the teary eye Moesha saw; sink and shower with running water, and an
indoor toilet. For Moesha who forgot that there is such a thing, it was a pure
excitement which almost brought her to a major orgasm.

The other door led Moesha to a kitchen full with all of the things that she
needed. Once Moesha returned to the main room, she found a note which said:

"Dear Moesha.

Here is a list of potential rewards for you if you'll do good job as my
pussy-slave:

1) Time with Monique, with or without the belt.
2) Being used by Anne, to get an orgasm.
3) Having free time for yourself at the apartment.

If you have more ideas; write them down at your free time, and I'll consider
them. After all Moesha, you are the only pussy slave that I own, and for your
help; I'll give you one reward after the other.

Now Moesha, the 2nd reward that I'll give you is permission to wear cloths,
whenever I'm not using you. That permission includes ALL of the bras that I
bought you. From now on you'll decide what cloths to wear when I'm not using
you. But I have a few rules:

1. If you'll wear some sort of spandex outfit, you won't be wearing any panties
or bra.
2. If you'll wear some sort of Leather outfit you won't be wearing any panties
or bra.
3. If you'll wear some sort of Latex outfit you won't be wearing any panties or
bra.
4. If you'll wear any type of a robe you won't be wearing any panties or bra.
5. If you'll wear Lingerie, then it will ONLY be that.

Other rules will be added as we will move on.

Signed; your mistress."

Moesha, who very tired from her exercise as a pussy slave, decided to delay it
as she went back to the bathroom, and tool of the skimpy outfit that she wore.
Once Moesha was naked, she slowly entered the shower and turned on the hot water
for a minute. Then Moesha took the soap, and began to scrub each curve ten
times, before she scrubbed her pussy lips and ass 30 times. Moesha helplessly
tried to get the memories of her but she couldn't as Anne remarked her in the
tattoos that she had from the gang. However, the name of the gang was replaced
by Anne's name, so that the helpless Moesha will remember who she belongs to.

Then for the first time in years, Moesha used the shampoo and the
hair-conditioner. Once her body was clean, she slowly strolled to her bed. Once
in the bed, she turned of the lights and went to sleep. Crying as she knew that
Monique does not getting the same treatment from Anne. This feeling goes back to
her knowledge that the biker leader told her, at some point, that he had
personally picked her out, due to her dynamite body & huge tits. So in a way,
she feels responsible for them being in their present situation.

Meanwhile in another part of town; Suki, Sassuri and Ricky's "twin" who carried
a gym-bag arrived to the home of; Janet Morrison (Suki's bank account from the
story), who was alone at home by a moving-truck. Once they were outside the
house at the front door, Suki rang the bell and when Janet opened it, Suki
knocked her out before both of them got into the house.

Once inside the house, Suki and Sassuri stripped Janet before they placed her in
a sack while; Candy cleaned her closets and took ALL of the things that she
owned. When they left, there was nothing left accept for a men's dressing
attire. Then after they threw EVERYTHING to the backseat, Janet's sack included,
Sassuri pressed on the gas and they returned to the ranch. Suki who needed a
legal cover for her and Michko had a plan. She knew that Janet was the owner of
one of the local TV channels which did lot of troubles for Anne, her family and
friends so with the help of Anne she will kill two birds with one stone. In
other words; she will become the owner of those channels and Anne won't have any
headaches anymore.

After a few hours when Janet woke up, she saw herself in the mirror, and was
shocked to see that she only dressed on: 7" black heels, black fishnet-stockings
which were held by a matching garter belt, leather straitjacket, and a posture
collar. Over her head she saw a head-harness with a small red ball which was
shoved into her mouth.

Other then that, her head was bold and she had a tattoo which she saw somewhere
a long time ago. Suddenly the door opened, and her former partner, Candy, walked
into the room. Unfortunately, there was no trace of the independent woman that
Candy used to be. Then without a word, Candy dropped to her knees and began to
lick Janet without any stops.

As Candy began to lick Janet's pussy, the helpless woman suddenly thought of
Amanda; 'my god. That woman at the door was Mistress Suki. So in that case, that
whore is Lillian. Last I saw her, she was a respected banker. Where is
Amanda...? I hope that she is okay. It has been 3 years since I last heard form
her. Maybe she became a slave. No Janet, Amanda was smarter then being caught
dead as one of that bitch Suki's sluts. However, Suki's master was so furious
that maybe, just maybe she is...

No, Amanda is not dead. If I know Suki then Amanda's faith is worst then death.
Think Janet, what was the story that Suki loved? Ho yes: "Gone for shopping" by
that pimp. Let's see now, if I remember correctly then at the end; the main
character turns into a brainless slut and is being given to that woman who uses
her. The poor thing went through such a humiliation. Even her name was changed
to; Rick and she had to forget from the letter: R and switch it to L.

At the end of the story, Ricky-Rick representing herself and saying: 'I am
little Licky-lick girl and I am the best pussy slave in this side of the
Atlantic. I was tlained by mistless Suki to bling plesule to mistless Sabich.
Now aftel mistless Suki took ovel my life, and tulned me into a lesbian toy, I'm
willing to selve Mistless Anne if she would like me to.'

No, there is no way that this is Amanda's faith."

Just as Janet thought that the worst was over, Suki and Sassuri entered the
room. Each of the Japanese women held a leg cuff, and seemed to be VERY pleased
with Janet's predicament. Then after Suki told to Sassuri something in Japanese,
both woman knelt next to Janet's feet and began to fasten the cuffs. Once in
place, the giggling Japanese women tied a rope to the cuffs, and pulled until
Janet's legs were above the floor. When they finely finished, both women left
the room as they went searching for Anne with evil plan on their minds.

* * * * * * * *
Anne set in her chair naked watching Moesha on the security monitor. Since it
was Anne's birthday (and she promised Moesha a break), Anne decided to party by
having the BIGGEST orgy that was ever written about and to show her slaves who
is the boss. That is why she enjoyed the charms of her slaves; Krista who licked
her pussy, Barbie-Dahl who licked and sucked her left teat while Charlotte did
the same to her right. Anne's ass was licked by Honey's tongue which was deep
inside Anne's ass. to make Honey who was an even bigger sex freak then Moesha
hornier, Anne had her younger sister, Milky licking her ass while her daughter,
buttercup, licked her pussy as per Anne's orders.

As far as Anne was concern, she was a genius for putting the families together.
Infect, accept for Moesha and Monique (who Anne considered as a WOMAN), ALL the
families were living together. However, the difference between honey's family
and sow's family was that; not like in the case of the later, honey's family
were sex-freaks.

Other then those slaves, Anne had Lisa Lovelace, the former Prosecutor, Jane,
JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Patrice, Joy and Tiffany licked the left
side of her right leg, while the left was licked by: Ursula, Lillith, Ai-Ling,
Minette, Nikki Bauer, Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly and Ingrid.

Furthermore; Cheryl, Mandi, Cindy, Caitlin, Candy Mindy, and Jenny-Blake licked
the left side of her right leg, while the left was licked by: Barbie-doll, Tina,
Ulrica, and tramp, Ellen, Meredith-Jane, Scarlet, Lady Jane, Laura Tisdale, the
ex-governor; Ditzy and sow (who returned home sobbing) and Fairslut.

Unfortunately for Anne, since Vera became Morganna's Lt. Governor; Anne had to
give her away to Morganna for free. However, as hard as it was; Anne loved
Morganna and NEVER complained. All the slaves worked very hard to please their
mistress, Anne who enjoyed the dancing of the now naked; Jamie and Jen-Jen.

Suddenly just as Anne calmed, the phone rang and Anne's most trusted "Juliet"
called and informed Anne: "I've got the gifts mistress." before she hang up the
phone. Once Anne heard that, a huge smile decorated her face as she ordered her
slaves to work slower so that she will be able to enjoy the; news, them and the
view of Moesha who was still sleeping. The black woman looked so peaceful that
Anne canceled ALL the plans that she had for her.

Meanwhile at the local school, Sarit became a cheerleader. The trials were not
easy as the head-cheerleader was a member in "the friendship coalition for peace
and democracy" and turned Sarit's life into a living hell. However, now after
Sarit became a cheerleader, it was the first step in fulfill her plan to enslave
that bitch.

It was the 3rd period, when there was a political debate. In one side stood
Sarit, who represented the forces who fought and still fighting against the
terror with a team included members from: India, Israel, the US, Italy, the UK,
Spain, Japan and Mexico. In front of them stood a team led by Toni which
included members from other countries.

The issue of the debate was; "can there be a peace with terror?" and the first
one who talk was Sarit who was interrupted again and again by Tina and her team.
Even when Sarit talked about her parents, it did not stopped Tina from keep her
interruptions. After the debate, which was won by Sarit's team who said; NO,
Sarit and her friends went to eat ice-cream.

However, although they won, Sarit was on fire and decided to give Simon the
green light. Once Simon received it by her pager, she followed Tina EVERYWHERE,
until one hour later she was able to take pictures of Tina having sex with 2
other girls. Simon, who wanted to get more pictures, stayed around and was
shocked to see that these girls were actually Anne and Rachel, who became Anne's
slaves just 3 months ago and here they were working as Juliets for her luck.

From her face, it was crystal clear to Simon that Rachel was not into having a
lesbian sex like the younger Anne, who just liked the ALL of Anne's slaves
absolutely, loved it. Somehow, it seemed to Simon that Rachel was there because
she had to. Then after a few seconds she remembered what Anne once told her and
Sarit about Rachel: 'you see girls, Rachel's name used to be: Rachael. She used
to be an A+ student in high school until she was raped by Coco. Once her rape
was over, Rachel was blackmailed, and with that a number of the boys took
Rachael home pumping her full of more jizm on the way. And for the rest of that
school year, virtually everyone had Rachael. Her dates on the weekend were
non-stop gang-bangs. Her trips to the mall were blow-jobs in the restaurants
there. Her days at school were spent giving everyone a perfect view of her
pussy.'

Suddenly Simon saw Coco attacking Tina until she was out cold, and then Rachel
covered Tina with the rug, before Simon heard Coco orders her (Rachel) to tie
her up. Once Tina was secured, Coco took Rachel's leash and led her back to the
streets where they will get money for Anne. Once Tina woke up she heard three
voices talking.

"So are you sure that the master gave Anne is blessing?" A woman's voice with
Chinese accent said.

"Yes. My beloved mother said that Anne was so nice to the master that he fell in
love with her. The only thing that Anne asked was for his blessing. My mother,
Suki, also told me that the master ordered her to help Anne with her plan. That
is why if Anne's plans will work then there will be an un-official global union
for masters and mistress (mostly), that will have meetings concerning the
problem that we face." A woman's voice with Japanese accent said.

"You are right Lynn. Maybe some day we will be like Anne and Suki." A familiar
voice said. Before Tina remained in a deep silent.

* * * * * *
Anne just returned from her trip to the mall with her hand placed on Barbie D's
ass. Poor Barbie D was dressed in pink outfit which included: 9" pumps,
fishnet-stockings which were held by a matching garter belt, tight spandex
shorts which showed that she had no panties, and made her ass to be look like a
heart. On her chest, Barbie had a pink tube-top which said in white: "slave"
which made Barbie look as if her huge tits are about to tare the fabric, and a
matching collar.

Poor Barbie's bleached hair was teased into a tall ponytail, much like the one
Anne saw once as a little girl in the 1st movie that she had money to go to. Her
face which once wore only a little makeup, were completely changed as they were
as white as a ghost. Over her cheeks, Barbie had pink spots of blush which
matched her: lipstick, eyeshadow and eyeliner.

When Barbie first saw herself she broke into tears, because she almost looked
like a full size "Houston Love Doll". Now all needed to do was to have her
dressed in a catsuit that will complete her look. Then through her tears, Barbie
suddenly remembered what the then Dr. Brigs told her when she first became her
slave:

"I do like women as I have already said, but my sexual appetite is for a special
type of woman. I don't like the aggressive types, the proverbial biker dykes, or
the today's feminist woman. The women that I like are very feminine, the
lipstick powder puff type. I like bimbos! That's right my dear, I like busty,
big hair, small waist, broad hipped, dainty, air headed girly girls. Basically
the complete reverse of what you are my dear. And I like them submissive and in
all sorts of fetish wear too."

Other then Barbie, Anne was accompanied by her humiliated chauffer, Ulrica, who
was dressed in her organ-grinder monkey's costume and as well as her chauffer
uniform. Over the last hour, Anne spent more then 9,000$ only on new clothes for
her personal slaves. Or more accurate to say that Barbie spent that money, as
Anne used her credit card to pay, not wanting ANY connection to what her slave
is doing.

However, there was no need of being worry for the money as Barbie's parents who
were released a few months earlier, after taking the "enslaver" which made it
even easier for Anne to order them to do as she pleased. It was such a lovely
life to have her old "friend", Barbara Derman, paying for ANYTHING that Anne
bought... even if it wasn't by her own free will, but from the fear of Anne's
reaction.

Once inside the house: Anne received the word that BOTH Moesha and Monique
escaped. However, Anne was able to maintain her composure and told her maid to
get her the head-hunters to retrieve her doll, Moesha, and the soon to be
married "woman" for the 2nd time without getting a divorce, Monique.

As far as Anne was concern, she knew that Moesha would try to re-merry Monique
who will get a divorce from Mona. So with that in mind she called her friend,
commissioner Wang of the local prescient, who received Piggy as her slave, and
after telling her what happened, the commissioner sent her officers to help
Anne. Since commissioner Wang's prescient was the quietest one in the
entire-city, there was no problem for her to help Anne with her problems
whenever someone escaped, so Anne was able to remain calm.

The only person other then; Anne, Piggy and Wang who knew about the friendship
of Anne and the commissioner was Barbie, who Anne used as a bride for the
commissioner before giving her piggy as a slave. After reminding her friend
about the party, Anne hung up.

Once that call was over with, Anne she dressed Barbie in a black leather thong
with vibrator attached to it from each side. There was one very fat that went
into her ass, while another went into her pussy. Then after a few moments in
which Barbie begged for Mercy, Anne dressed her in her new "skin". It had soft
pink vagina and anus made of a soft stretchy material called "senso". Lifelike
molded breasts. The outfit was perfect for Barbie who was 4'9, and now as porn
star Houston; Barbie resembled Bo Derek.

When Barbie was inside the suit, Anne pulled her hair out before she zipped
Barbie inside the suit. Poor Barbie tried to reach the zipper as Anne went aside
to rest for a while. Once Anne finished, she slapped Barbie's hands before she
fastened a posture collar around her doll's neck. Now Barbie had two problems;
the 1st problem was that the zipper was under the collar that Anne was now
fastening around her neck. The 2nd problem was that the fabric of her "skin"
turned her hands to a pair of useless mittens.

Then after she finished fastening the collar, Anne began to mold the leather
which covered Barbie's head into her face until the doll was finely ready. After
Anne finished her work, she informed Ulrica while teasing Barbie's hair back
into a high ponytail: "Ulrica, as you know today it is my birthday party. That
is why decided that you will be my parking girl... or more accurate: parking
monkey. You see slut, if to quote you: "even a chimp can do better job then
those valets..." and beside; you are chipper, and have more experience then a
regular chimp. Maybe if everything will go well, I will rent your services as a
monkey. However, you have nothing to worry about my dear; Bombo. I'll have both
the costume and collar under a monitor, and I promise that I won't remove it
sooner then you need.

Now Ulrica, whenever we will work out of the house; you will neither go out as
an over grown monkey, or in your uniform while wearing a pair of sunglasses.
After all slut; the court may gave you to me, but it would be embarrassing for
me to have my own chauffeur identified as a notorious drug dealer, don't you
think so?"

"Yes mistress." The ape replied, and Anne could sense her humiliation. However,
it was not only a humiliation. What it did was, other then pure humiliation, was
the acknowledgement that her fate as a slave to this evil woman was sealed.

Then as Anne fastened a strap-on Dildo around Barbie's waist, she informed the
helpless love-doll: "now Barbie, the 1st thing that you'll have to know is that
from now on: you are my sex-doll. As such I'm going to use you today as your;
head and hands will be placed inside of a torture rack in the height of
Morganna's pussy. You see my dear: most of the mistresses that I know her just
at Morganna's height. As far as I know, you and the rest of my slaves are about
to serve some of the strongest figures in this district. Those figures include:
50 governors (Morganna is not included), 10 judges from the local court, 25
district-attorneys that includes your replacement, ALL of the female-cups who
work in this city and other mistresses.

The only person who will get to have men is my slave, Moesha, who from now on
will be known as: bubble. You see Barbie; just like you, my dear Bubble is on
her way to my personal, bisexual, Pussy-slave." Then after Anne finished, she
led Barbie to a coffee table where Honey was tied up. A few days ago Anne had an
interesting meeting with a redhead who claimed that she used to be Honey's
mistress. The redhead was accompanied by a cute blonde who looked like a
sex-slave. Then as Anne looked at the slave, the woman gave Anne a few tips.

When Anne and Barbie reached Honey, Anne helped Barbie to place the dildo inside
Honey's ass. Once Anne finished with that task, Anne gave her doll, Barbie, a
riding crop. Then as Barbie began to spank and fuck Honey's ass while Anne
informed her slave: "Now Honey, I did a lot of thinking over the last week about
a few things. Most of those things were regarding you and most of the slaves
with the nicknames. In other words; I began to fine it very hard to focus, and
remember the nicknames. That is why I decided that I'll cancel most of the
nicknames. However, in order of keeping the past alive, I'm going to keep
calling the following slaves in the names that they received as slaves starting
with: sow, dopey, buttercup, Milky, Bambi-Doe, Twit and Twat.

By the way Cathy, I'm very pleased with the way that your hair grew. Now the
only thing that we'll have to do is to bleach it. You are a slut Cathy, and that
is one of the reasons why I'm seriously considering about sending you to the
training school for girls like you. As far as I'm concern; you are about to gain
a few NEW abilities that will help you to work."

When Anne finished, she stripped Ulrica. Once the helpless slave was naked, Anne
decided not to re-dress Ulrica, but to use her as she is, and that what Anne
did.

Meanwhile in another room, Simon helped Sarit with her history home-work:

"So, who was the 1st American president?" Simon asked.

"George Washington." Sarit replied.

"What is the "holly cannon"?" Sarit asked.

"The "holly cannon" was the cannon that the Hagana\IDF used in order of blowing
up the Altalena." Sarit replied.

"Who wrote the declaration of independence?" Simon asked.

"Thomas Jefferson." Sarit replied.

"Now what?" Simon asked.

"Let's take some time to rest before the party. Anne wants us to be as fresh as
a daisy, when she'll introduce us to her friends. That is the first party that I
ever took part of. Besides, I always wanted to see if the legends that mother
told me about Anne's parties are true." Sarit replied. Once Sarit finished
Simon, who was naked lay on her back, and allowed Sarit to place her head on
Simon's soft tits before both girls fell into a deep sleep.

* * * * * *
Anne just returned to her office with her "mare", Ulrica, who gave her mistress
a piggy back-ride. As Anne's mare, Ulrica wore; ankle, knee OR thigh high boots
(it depended on Anne's mood), a saddle, and a leather head harness with a horse
bit. Since Anne never allowed her to get reins (unless Ulrica pulled a cart),
then Anne took advantage of the ex DA by using Ulrica's ringed nipples as her
reins.

Every day, precisely 5 minutes after living the ranch; Anne always tied Ulrica
to a tree and began to whip her a, as the helpless slave moaned in pain or
screamed through her gag. Whenever Anne returned with Ulrica, she took her to
the office where Anne forced Ulrica to lubricate her own pussy. Once it was
lubricated to perfection, Anne forced her to wear a tap shoes with a sturdier
four inch heel. Once Ulrica finished, and shoved a fat, 10" dildo into her ass,
while another was shoved to her pussy. Both dildos had a wire hanging off the
end, and it was covered by her red g-string with golden chains, to make sure
that they won't fall of her pussy.

Once Ulrica was ready, Anne would force her to dance for an hour. After an hour,
Ulrica received a break to pleasure Anne before she returned to dance.

However, today Anne's plans were changed. Ulrica just finished to wear her
shoes, and cried a little as she looked at herself with Anne as usual inspecting
every move that her slave was doing. Once Ulrica finished, she stood infront of
Anne who informed her, as she slowly rubbed her tits; "Ulrica, since I heard
about Moesha I had a little change of hart. You see, after her escape I realized
that I was to nice for her. That is why those who have the most chances of
escaping will be dressed like you. That's why I took the liberty to re-arrange
your costumes so that it won't be easy for you to escape. You see Ulrica; your
friends and the rest of the slaves won't escape. However, you have attempted to
escape 89% since you arrived over here, and when you were with Morganna it was
even higher. So in other words, I modified those shoes to send signal to the
dildos IF you'll be more then 5 feet ahead of this remote. However, you can feel
better by knowing that Moesha's shoes will work on 4 feet. Now slut; get your
buns to the office... NOW!"

When the two got into the room, and Anne was ready to press on the remote in her
hand to maker Ulrica dance; they saw Moesha and Monique sitting at the chairs
next to her desk. Both of them were dressed in a potato sack with handcuffs over
their hands, and each was guarded by one of the ranch's guards.

ALL of the ranch's guards were women who could appreciate Anne's "art" and enjoy
it. Their uniforms included: black boots, very short, brown shorts and tight,
grey shirt. Much like the slaves, NONE of the guards wore panties or bras and
they were forced to wear a barrette. Once Anne saw that Moesha was closer to
Monique then she could agree to; Anne ordered to relocate Moesha from the chair,
to the collar which was attached to the wall by a chain.

Then as the guards did as Anne ordered, the mistress informed her caught slaves
starting with Monique, who now had a large ball-gag in her mouth (which Anne
fastened as she informed him): "that gag will keep you quite. You see Zack; I
always knew that it was a mistake to allow Moesha to have time with you.
However, I tried to be patient with you. That's about to be changed as from now
on you'll see your EX-WIFE only ONCE in a month. Furthermore, you are about to
spend a year as Suki's slave. I talked with her and Sassuri, and they told me to
bring you to them. Once the year will be over, you'll be getting married with
Roger Smith, my ex-friend, who fucked you until now. Now before my guards will
take you away; I know that you are Moesha's inspiration, and I remember that you
actually tried to escape, so I'll cut off your connections with Moesha." Then as
Anne finished, she turned to the guards and told them; "you can take that slut
to her mistress for the next hour. She knows what to do."

Suddenly without a word, the guards grabbed Monique and dragged her screaming
and kicking out of the room. Once Monique was out of the room, Anne set at her
chair and addressed Moesha with a kind and gentler voice as she asked her: "why
have you escaped? Does the apartment was not to your taste? You seemed so
pleased earlier, I don't understand."

"Well mistress, I love the new apartment. However, I felt so lonely there, and
then I saw my younger sister on the TV... I'm so sorry mistress." Moesha replied
scared to death. From the way that Anne talked, Moesha knew that she was in
troubles and decided to do anything that will please her mistress.

"How many sisters do you have Moesha?" Anne asked.

"Only one mistress. Please don't harm her; I will do anything to make it up to
you..."  Moesha began to beg, but stopped as she saw Anne raising her hand.

"What's the connection between; your sister and the escape?" Anne asked
confused.

"My sister said that she has proof that we are alive... Mistress." Moesha said
as she almost pee her sack from fear.

Then after a few moments, Anne informed Moesha: "Okay Moesha, that we are about
to do: from now on you'll have a diary in which you would keep track over what
you are doing on a daily basic. Your meetings with Monique will be monitored,
and until further notice you won't see Monique. Furthermore, I decided to cut
the connection between you two and that is why from now on you'll only be able
to call me over the phone. Understood?"

"Yes mistress." Moesha replied, with a relief. Once Moesha finished, Anne
decided to give her another chance as she spread her legs, and Moesha began to
lick her pussy.

Meanwhile in another room, Janet's hair was shaved by Sassuri, while her pussy
was shaved by Candy. Janet remembered how once Candy was a thinking girl with
MANY bright ideas. However, now she seemed to be like some sort of machine as
Sassuri gave her orders in Japanese. More then that; the once bright girl that
she knew was now looking like a; delightfully stupid slut. Janet also remembered
how candy used to speak English. However, now she just ignored Janet and talked
in vulgar Japanese ONLY.

Then Suki got into the room, and informed her slave while coming closer to
Janet: "It won't be any use for you to speak English. You see tramp; candy only
allowed to speak in vulgar Japanese because it contains many expressions that
evolves over time. Expressions that taken alone might be considered offensive
but now were perfectly acceptable, for someone in her position. Once I'll finish
with you; Candy will have another sister, and I will complete my collection. Now
start licking Sassuri's ass!"

Once Suki finished, she pushed Janet to her back, and just like in the past;
Janet began to lick her 2nd mistress's ass.

* * * * * *
Anne just finished looking at the naked Hilda, who set naked in a chair next to
Anne's table. Her hair was now pure white after the horrors that Diana put her
through. Poor Hilda just couldn't believe how sadistic was her own daughter but
was pleased that she was gone. Then as Hilda looked at the table; it was clear
to her that Anne is about to abuse her, mentally and physically, in some way
from the cloths and stuff on Anne's desk.

However, before Anne would give her attention; she waited for Moesha, who
already wore the g-string and was now dressed in her new outfit. Then a few
moments later, the new Moesha got into the room, and stood infront of Anne ready
for inspection. On her feet, Moesha wore cherry-red tap-shoes. The next item was
a see through, red cowboy pants which showed her g-string. Next was a red vest
with golden decorations which left her tits bare, and had the phase: "I'm
Mistress Anne's pussy slave, bubbles." written on the beck. Over her face was a
red veil. However, Moesha's humiliation didn't stop there as some of her
bleached hair was teased into a "fake-ponytail" (as Anne called it) while the
other part was teased into a tight pigtails.

A "fake-ponytail" is a ponytail which not likes a regular ponytail, leaves some
of her hair out of the; bow, ribbon or whatever. Mostly a "Fake-ponytail" can be
found in parties or at schools.

Over her waist, Moesha had a belt that was made form coins. Then as Moesha
reached Anne, the later fastened a collar around Moesha's neck. Once the collar
was in place, Moesha reached her hands to Anne before she placed metal bracelets
on her wrist. Each metal bracelet was connected to the other by a long chain
that allowed Moesha to hold a tray.

After the inspection was over, Anne informed Moesha; "now bubbles, from now on
you'll submit your will and body to me. As my personal-slave you are no longer
in need for that. Furthermore, since you belong to me then all I need to do now
is to make sure that you won't be able to escape from me any longer. Do you
understand me?"

"Yes Mistress Anne." Moesha answered submissively. Over the last hour after
being: spanked by hand and puddle, whipped and fucked; Moesha decided never to
do anything that will bring that sort of reaction from Anne.

"Now bubbles, you know what to do." Anne said looking into the eyes of Moesha,
as she smelled her fear. With that look, Anne knew that she has the ability to
go inside the soul of her slave and check if she is ready... and Moesha was
READY. Anne knew that now, 13 years after Moesha was caught by the gang; her
luck was over, and she almost turned into a submissive slave.

Once Anne finished, Moesha walked to the table, and it was clear to Hilda that
the poor girl had a broken spirit that will never be amended. Once there, Moesha
forced Hilda to stand before she lubricated her ass and Pussy to perfection
before she shoved a fat, 10" dildo into her ass, while another was shoved to her
pussy. Like the ones inside; Moesha, Ulrica and Barbie, both dildos had a wire
hanging off the end, and it was covered by yet another red g-string with golden
chains, to make sure that they won't fall of her pussy.

When Moesha finished, she pushed Hilda back into the chair. When Hilda was in
the chair, Moesha grabbed pink socks and pulled them over each leg, until they
reached her knees. Once she finished, Moesha forced Hilda's feet into a pair of
tap shoes with a sturdier four inch heel. Once Moesha locked the shoes (just
like in her case, and that of the others), Moesha took two chains. The 1st chain
was connected two each of her pierced nipples and pulled them closer to each
other. The 2nd chain connected between her ringed nipples as well. However that
one went behind her neck and pulled her tits up.

On her waist, Moesha literally forced Hilda to wear a cut-off tank-top which
left her belly bare. The tank-top also was so tight, that you could see her:
nipples, rings and chains which were covered by a pink leather collar. Once
Moesha finished, they tied Hilda in the closet, before Anne begin to train
Moesha.

This time Anne will use her techniques and a brainwashing. In a few months,
Moesha will be as good as new.

The end of Chapter 25a.

The permissions:

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW, Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW
and used with the author's permission.  Rosy was taken from the stories:
"Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson" by GW, Cynthia (power miss) was taken
from the stories: Fraulein Power's Trophies, Latin Holiday and "Fraulein Power"
by GW she is used with the author's permission.
2. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: "Bimbo Dot Com", Brenda
Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black were taken
from the story: "What Men Look for in Women", and Jamie was taken from the
story: "Jamie's new job", Mia, Dana and Sara were taken from the story: you bet
your brain" by MrGray. ALL of the characters are being used with the author's
permission.
3. Barbie\Barbara Derman and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat"
by Musker, Ms. Waneright Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Dr. Stein and Karol were
taken from the story: Omens - a Halloween tale and it sequels by Musker and ALL
of them are being used with Musker's permission.
4. Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
5. Charlotte and Sherri were taken from the story: "Charlotte" by Parker,
Christina was taken from the story: "Christina" by Parker, Barbie Dahl was taken
from the story: "Career Opportunities" by Parker, Jen-Jen was taken from the
story: "Pool party" by Parker, Jennifer and Karen were taken from the story: 
"Dear diary" by Parker and Squealer was taken from the story: Squealer" by
parker. All of the characters are being used with Parker's permission and that
story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories.
6. Donna Stanton and Emily Johnson were taken from the story: "Becoming her
maid" by Jackpot, and Stacy Erickson taken from the story: "Social security
slut" by Jackpot. All of them are used with the permission of Jackpot.
7. Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story "Surrendering
Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author: Night_Writer and
just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a sequel to the story.
9. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
9. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, and used
with her permission.
10. Tina's look is based on Toni's look from the comics: "Toni goes to the
bondage ball" by Doggers.
11. Itty-Bitty was taken from the story: "Itty-Bitty" by Marlissa, and used with
the author's permission.
12. Anne and Susie were taken from the story: Cheerleader Picture by Ninja
Turtle.




From a mayor to a slave, part 26a
By the outsider
Anne's plan.

 Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to any of
the stories or the comics which I borrowed characters from. 

2. All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca,
in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and it is used for MY personal use ONLY.

3. This chapter is dedicated for a very special "muse".

4. I want to thank Ted E. Bear for the lists that he sent me.

5. The pictures in this chapter are used with GW's permission and most of
Betty's information.

Part_26a - new beginnings.

"WHY THE HELL SHOULD I NEED TO PAY FOR A BABY THAT IT IS NOT MY? FIX IT." Anne
shouted at the phone before she slammed the phone. Then she as she set down at
her chair, a black woman began to lick her, as she was looking at her "wall of
glory" which showed pictures of: Ulrica, Deirdre, Betty (dopey) and Bertha in
the days of their glory. Each slave had a full size picture which commemorated
her as she used to be: brave, fearless, heroic, independent and impressive. For
the unsuspecting visitor, it looked like a shrine for heroes.

Just what Anne wanted everyone to see?

Yes.



After a while Anne said: "Keisha, fetch me the remote!"

"Yes mistress." Keisha answered in a humble tone. Then as she tried to stand up,
Keisha fell as she was pulled down by her massive H tits. However, Keisha did
not give up; she served Anne ever-since she was 14 year old. Once Keisha fetched
Anne the remote, Anne once again crossed her legs and Keisha dropped her head
in. Once Keisha started to lick Anne's pussy, the later pressed on the remote,
and the "wall of glory" as turned into the "wall of humiliation".

The 1st picture to rotate was Ulrica's picture as the proud ex-crimefighter
known as the Silver-Valkyrie. Once it stopped, there were there were two
pictures on under the other.

The 1st picture showed Ulrica dressed in: Chauffer's uniform which included: red
g-string with golden strings and a hart shaped cloth over her pussy, abbreviated
matching red vest and a red chauffer's cap. As stated (in GW's story) the outfit
once belonged to an organ grinder's monkey, and it was the same outfit that
Ulrica wore when Anne 1st met her ex-boss, who was in the picture as well
handing Ulrica Red sunglasses.

Ulrica's 2nd picture, showed her and Deirdre being used as a pair of "mares" for
Morganna (the redhead) who rode on Ulrica, and Deirdre who was used as Geri's.
Both women were obviously humiliated as they remembered what they used to be.
The thought that one day Ulrica will become the "mare" of her nemesis, and
Deirdre will become that of her protege, never crossed their minds.

All the women on Anne's "wall of glory" never thought that this can happen to
them. They always stood at the side of justice, and here each one of them was
used by a mistress who BOUGHT them. They knew that there is no way to escape and
they hated EVERY moment that they spent being a slaves.

Their: life, goals and fight was gone.

Gone ONLY to be replaced by: humiliation, submission, terror and worst.




The next picture that rotated was the one of: the ex-Appellate Court Judge
Deirdre Mainwaring, which revealed a set that contained four pictures of her and
Ulrica. Both slaves wore their "maids" uniform which included: super abbreviated
flounced skirts that didn't reach the top of their thighs, no undergarments,
with white lace aprons, that extended between their bounteous breasts but did
not cover them, black fishnet stockings with garters, doily caps:

In the 1st picture, Anne saw both slaves standing next to each other. Both of
them wore their degrading uniform. Anne loved that picture because it gave her a
clear view of the "district's pussy", which was used by ALL the mistresses in
the district, since she became Anne's maid. She also loved that picture because
it gave her a view at the "honorable balloons" of the former judge.

The next picture showed Deirdre with Wendy. Anne, who was told about that
picture, had a great fun looking at it. The picture was taken as the 1st lunch
in which Anne and her mother took a part of at the clinic when they 1st arrived.
Lunch was about to start, when Wendy and Anne entered late, just as Deirdre, in
abbreviated domestic costume, leaned over to place a plate on the table.

The irrepressible teen acted instinctively, and slapped the helpless slave on
her ass, causing her to drop a plate. Then as she picked up the broken pieces,
with Geri shouting at her; Wendy spanked her again.

Naturally, the well disciplined superheroine "maids" had been taught to serve
their mistresses, with a servile mien, that eloquently emphasized their slavish
submissive status. In the last two pictures, Anne could see them serving
Morganna and her sister, Leticia, who enjoyed having the slaves around.






Anne loved that group of photos because she had a great view of the: "district's
pussy" as she referred to the "respected" DA and the "public's ass" as she
referred to the "honorable" Judge. In her eyes, Anne could hear Geri shouting at
the "stupid, clumsy cow" as she used to call her once proud, respected and loved
mentor (see: Justice scorned by GW). Anne had no problem hearing Leticia bossing
Ulrica around, while Morganna drank her wine.

The next picture which rotated was sow's picture, which reviled 9 pictures. The
1st picture showed sow, naked accept for her boots as she scooped Eeyore's shit
with her hands. In the background, was Wendy who made sure that sow will not
forget where she is. According to Wendy; after this picture was taken, she
became so horny that she forced "easy" to lick her, while the donkey fucked the
helpless slave;



The next set of pictures showed: Leticia Luther, who oversaw the venerable
FORMER Grand Dame of Superheroines, sow, who was then known as: Supergran, in
her domestic chores. Anne just loved the way in which Leticia dominated the
helpless slave. Anne could still here the screams and begs of sow while Leticia
laughed.

Once Leticia finished, she ALWAYS, left her slave to finish cleaning the floors.








When Leticia returned, Sow was always about finished; Leticia removed the
brushes and gave the venerated crimefighter a new order. As far as Anne was
concern, having that cow was a great investment as sow was worth ALL of the
money. For Anne, it was great to have that cow under her control, because it
helped her with dealing with her hatred to some people, and it made her happy.



When the weeping Sow reached the stable, she found a sight that broke her heart.
Teenage Wendy was disappearing from view, laughing with malicious glee. On the
ground, moaning pitifully lay her granddaughter Betty. Over the beautiful blond
girl, stood a braying burro, its huge member still engorged, in the aftermath of
bestial rape. 

The next picture showed how sow tenderly carried her sobbing granddaughter to
her cell.



For a woman like Anne, who possessed a disporian soul, it was very important to
have some-things that will make her happy, and her slaves were just that.
However, even though Anne used MOST of her time as she re-trained: Moesha,
Ulrica, Deirdre and a few others; Anne loved to play with those INTERNATIONAL
footballs, which her slave called: tits.

Furthermore, Anne was convinced by sow's mentor, Suzy Wang, to change sow's name
into; bubbles when she is used as a whore (which was by now on a nightly basic).
However, Suzy didn't stop there as she convinced Anne to replace the words:
BREASTS, PENIS and VAGINA from Sow's vocabulary.

And now, after three months of training sow was ready. However, not like in the
original plan; Anne added a few other phrases to be replaced.

Once Sow was ready,  the word: "BREASTS" was replaced by:  Love mounds, fun
bags, titties, tits, boobs, jugs, mams, bosoms, tips, bullets, missiles, zambos,
jaboos, bubs, pillows, knockers, chichi, melons, personalities, pumpernickel,
nummies, tootsies, knobs, globes, hooters, mosquito bites, headlights, chest,
watermelons, bulbs, knots, babies, jobs, bazoobas, eyes, bumpers, bullets,
rockets, love-knobs, golden bozos, winnebagos, boobies, zonkers, lungs, mambos,
cans, gazongas, teats, honeydews, milers, stack, rack, vavooms, bobbers,
cupcakes, cherries,  ta-tas, mountains, babumbas, big ones, mounds, nipples,
coconuts, buns,  balloons.

the word: "PENIS" which she used a lot as a professional whore, became: Sid,
protrusion, swantz, member, the big wazoo, king, Willy the one
eyed wonder worm, one eyed trouser snake, whore's best friend, dildoe, guitar,
pole, weapon, sword, dagger, Simba, wong, truffles, gun, noodle, hotdog, big
log, slammer, prod, Mr. Big, weasel, dipstick, dog, weenie, joystick, dick,
Johnson, wee-wee, cock, viper, Mr. Happy, throbbing python of love, incredible
heat seeking moisture missile, the big one, the wood, one eyed pant snake, pant
muscle, love organ, pistol, organ, rod, sworm, monster, love muscle, fly, snake,
schlong, dong, pickel, carrot, love tool, pee-wee, pee-pee, pud, Rich, pecker,
prick, weiner, salami, sausage, wade, doodle-bug, chicken, wanger, pipe, junior,
knob, head, big-box, joint, thing, kong, lead pipe, third leg, stick shift,
sugar daddy, lolly pop, bush whacker, boner, jackhammer, wobbly warhead, pocket
rocket, pocket piccolo, skin flute, dork, dink, love rocket, old fella, horse,
the Bishop.

the word: "VAGINA" which was more common to be used while talking to: Anne or
Suzy was replaced by: Pussy, furburger, cunt (39), love canal, love cave, hole,
love box/box, beaver, private parts, role, ocean, twat, hair pie, pishy, bush,
slit, mound, muff, fish tank, snatch, clit, murdock, trim, stank, lips, hot
spot, hot box, steam room, honey hive, vag, live loaf, ham, fur-box, cave,
wedge, canny, queasy, rose, flowers, receptacle, gates of heaven, nest, tunnel,
wound, bun, clutch, slot, un-healing wound, hot clam, bearded clam, nook, canal,
cockpit, snatch-box, tunnel of love, love tunnel, pocket, clam, fish hole, peach
fox, to-tan, mouse.

the most important words in sow's world: "ORAL SEX" were replaced by:  69, give
head, blow job, going down, love kiss, eating out, eating at the Y, taking your
medicine internally, go down on, read,  muff dive, fellatio, cunnilingus,
sucking suck-job, sucked off, pussy eating, sucking cock, slob the knob, lap up,
blowing, licking, suck the dick, bite the big one, go fishing, BJ, doing the
roof, playing the guitar, muff-burger, rim job, lick-job, head-job, smoking the
white owl, wood-waxing, eating fish, clam bake, mouth fuck, face, eat meat, box
lunch, deep throat, eating jut, hair
pie, Egg McMuff

and the word: "FOREPLAY" was replaced by: Fooling around, pet/ting, hand job,
fingering, fornicate, feeling up, playing, feeling off, tease, feeling,
fondling, rubbing, make out, getting hot, horny, get the dick hard, first to
third base, diddle, stimulation, getting the bitch hot, give a guy blue balls,
happy hour, mess around, touching, caressing, excite, pants pushing.
 
Then the last picture rotated, and there was a picture of Betty. In that
picture; Wendy was once again looking at Eeyore. Eeyore was on his two back-feet
as he fucked poor Betty, who was fucked by him until today, sobbed hard in
misery and humiliation. However, from the look of the picture it was clear to
Anne that Wendy and her beloved donkey add fun. Fun that came at the expans of
poor Betty.



As the pictures rotated, Anne watched a homemade video on her screen, staring:
Betty, Wendy and her brother. It always shocked her to see how her friend,
Wendy, matured physically over two months in a rapid speed. As always, Wendy was
running the show. She even dominated her brother\ass-slave. They first ordered
Betty to drink from their dog, Spot's dish. However, the once; proud, young
heroine indignantly refused, but the terrible tots from hell, induced her to
change her mind.






Her pertly rounded backside on fire with pain, Betty finally agreed to drink
from Spot's water dish.  The diabolical duo forced the teen wonder to swallow
every last drop of water in the large bowl.  Then, they even made her lick the
bottom clean, and it was covered by a thick, greenish scum, since they rarely
cleaned the dish when they refilled it.  Spot was not a fastidious animal.  Poor
Betty gagged at the awful, disgusting taste, but like her unfortunate mother and
grandmother, she was learning the hard way, never to cross the Luther family.



After Betty finished her refreshing libation, Billy suggested a Pinata Party. In
this case, it was the Pinata that was blind-folded while the children were free
to aim their sticks carefully.  Before they hoisted Betty upside down to the
ceiling, Wendy gigglingly advised her brother; "Better pull up her pants, before
Mom sees her!  You know how she is about you seeing lady's naked bottoms?"

"Aw, I didn't pull them down!"  Billy whined knowing that it was Wendy, but,
nevertheless pulled Betty's briefs back up, patting the adorable teen
superheroine's pert bottom as he did.



After they finally knocked the Pinata from the ceiling, the evil brats made the
youthful girl of steel, squat down and walk around the basement, quacking like
duck.



Meanwhile in another part of town, Morganna inspected poor Laura, who was
dressed in her maid's uniform (which were quite like those of Anne's maids,
accept for her garter-belt and collar), it was hard for her to admit it but she
loved to have the slut around. However, none of the women at the clinic needed
her "services" anymore, while Anne did needed her help.

One week before Morganna retired from her job as a governor (after making sure
that her rules won't be able to be cancelled), Anne made a surprising visit to
the clinic. At that visit, Anne seemed to be districted and not herself so
instead of the original plans; Morganna and Anne talked about general issues
regarding their plans. Anne reported to Morganna about her trips, while Morganna
reported to her about the meetings that she had with her friends.

In order of bringing the: "M. A. M. O." both women knew that they would have to
work very hard. Over the last year, since Anne "helped" Morganna to become the
district's governor, the two now had a very close friendship. After Anne calmed
down, she asked Morganna what it will take to get Laura back under her
"authority". The answer that she got surprised Anne. Instead of requesting
something from Anne, Morganna told her that she will consult with Wendy.

When Anne left, Morganna went to her niece's room. Once infront of the door, she
knocked knowing that Wendy was very obsessed with her private life and privacy.
Once Wendy gave Morganna her permission, Morganna entered and tried to choke her
laugh. There at her bed, Morganna saw Wendy looking at her maid's ass, which was
shown by the way the skimpy skirt rose as she bent at the closet. Between her
thighs, Wendy had her own brother who licked her pussy, knowing that Wendy was
stronger then him.

Poor Billy was dressed just like Monique, and hated EVERY moment in which he
served his sister. Suddenly Laura turned around, and Morganna saw that her face
were made-up to look like a clown's. Then Morganna talked with her niece, and
was pleased to know that Laura was on her way to become Anne's maid once again.



To Morganna it was a pure delight to see how Wendy's handwork was. Poor Laura,
just 10 years ago she was one of the strongest women in the world. However, now
she was humbled and ready to go back to the ranch. However, on her part the
helpless maid was terrified of going back to the ranch. She knew how sadistic
Anne can be, and she also knew that once her heel will be at the ranch; Anne
would add a new job to the list of her mother and daughter's humiliation list.

Then as a tear rolled down on her face, Laura followed her mistress to her
former car, so that she will be taking to the ranch. On their way to the ranch,
the new retired governor stopped the car. When the arm-break was up, she slowly
began to fondle with Laura's pussy until the helpless maid reached her climax.
That was when Morganna pushed Laura to the dashboard, before she locked the
special collar.

Once the collar was locked, Morganna played with Laura's tits before she drove
to the ranch.

* * * * * * * *
Anne logged to her website, and went to see Laura as she waited for Monique's
arrival. Anne just didn't want to miss ANYTHING, and there she was, naked after
she was whipped and abused by Leticia. Thanks to the secret microphones which
Anne placed in the cell, she could hear EVERY: sob and moan that her new maid
was doing. Anne promised Laura that she'll have a reunion with her family. And
now she was waiting to the arrival of her own mother and daughter, who will rape
her as Anne ordered them to.

Soon poor Betty was joined by her mother and daughter.  For a moment, Betty felt
a moment's relief and hope to see that her family was fine. However, that moment
was instantly replaced by the dreadful realization, that though her loved ones
were alive, they STILL were helpless, naked, abused prisoners like she was...
and even worst.

On their own part, even after their long, heartbreaking captivity at Anne's
ranch, Sow and Betty were shocked by the damage Morganna inflicted on Laura, who
still was their ONLY hope. Once the slaves saw the lock, they're harts sank even
further as they realized that everything was lost. The two sobbing slaves were
now terrified of their future.



A final torment was in store for Laura. Perhaps more terrible than any other,
for it came from those she loved.  Instead of comforting her in her terrible
affliction, her beloved mother and daughter began fondling her voluptuous body,
with unmistakable erotic intent. As she heard from the speaker on the wall
Anne's voice saying: "welcome home Laura. I'll admit that it was a mistake to
let you go. Both: sow and Betty missed you, and now they know what to do with
you. Let me tell you, both girls needed you, and that is why I decided that
you'll have sex with them whenever ALL of you are not in use. Now Laura, since
you'll be busier then the other sluts; I decided that they'll rape you while
I'll watch from the side."



Before allowing her slaves to see Laura, Anne had issued the orders, and her
word was LAW.  For the captive sow and Betty who had been conditioned by long
terror, and abuse to carry out any whim of their cruel mistress, no matter how
fiendish or depraved.  Sow and Betty, sobbing in despair at what they must do,
quickly immobilized their wretchedly pleading victim. 

Laura, screaming in shock, tried to fight them off, but the collar robbed her of
any hope of protecting herself, as she swiftly fell helpless victim to the
vilest of shameful outrages, INCESTUOUS RAPE!




The next slave who Anne looked at was: Deirdre's cousin, Cynthia Lane Jr. (at
the right), who was a precise copy of her mother. The poor woman was dressed in
a replica of her mother's slave uniform which mocked her costume. Poor Cynthia
cleaned the toilettes and seemed very humiliated. Anne always considered a good
laugh, and having the Lane\Mainwaring under one roof was a brilliant move.

On the other side of her screen, Anne saw her slave; Hilda who only had a knee
high boots on, as she was shoveling Anne's HORSE'S stable. Then as she moved the
camera to capture Wondie's tits, Anne saw Diana inspecting her EVERY move. Both
slaves seemed to be very humiliated as they were forced to do the most
humiliating chores.




Then as Anne saw that Cynthia was slacking of, she took her microphone and
asked: "why aren't you working, tramp?"

Once Anne finished, she saw how Cynthia worked twice as hard. Not wanting to
upset her mistress.

Meanwhile in another room, Simon and Sarit had the school principal, Rosy
Harrison, in heavy bondage as she was naked and milked. However, Rosy's pain
didn't stop there as the two evil girls used her ass as a target, and the target
of this game was to throw as many arrows as possible into the helpless slave's
crack.

However, Simon who hated her former boss aimed on other places. She still
remembered that rosy was the one who licked about her connections with Sarit to
her parents. After they heard about it they gave her an ultimatum: leaving Sarit
or being thrown out of the house. Simon who loved her parents was devastated
after making the decision. However, she loved Sarit and truly hoped that her
parents will forgive her.

Then as Sarit saw how her friend was in sorrow, she said: "Simon, I just
remembered that Anne wanted that I'll go shopping."

"Please send Jennifer. I need you Sarit, please." Simon replied, knowing that
today was precisely to years in which she was without her parents while her
sisters were allowed to return home. Even though Simon didn't want to go home,
she just wanted to have someone to love her; Sarit, her ONLY hope.

"Simon, I know what you feel. Remember, here in Empire-city the only people that
I have are: YOU, Anne, Latifa, Lisa and Mitzi. That is why I won't going to lie
to you anymore." Sarit said, and Simon knew that there was something on her
mind.

"Lie to me? I don't understand." Simon replied.

"I wanted to go to your parents' house." Sarit replied.

"Ho Sarit... That is very sweet. However... (Sob...) that will be a mistake.
They don't love me anymore." Simon replied.

"Then we will MAKE them love you." Sarit replied.

"Cheeky. But how?" Simon replied with a smile which covered most of her lower
face.

"What Anne is?" Sarit asked.

"Your step-mother?" Simon replied, not sure with what the young woman meant.

"Yes. But she is also a mistress. As a mistress Anne posses two ways to get
someone's attention." Sarit replied.

"Which are?" Simon replied, starting to understand.

"We only need one of them; blackmail." Sarit replied.

"How? They are perfect." Simon asked frustrated. Just as she thought that Sarit
add a plan, her lover comes with that idea that will never be executed.

"Perfect? I'm sorry to tell you my love, but your parents are NOT perfect."
Sarit replied as she got of the bed, and walked to her desk.

"What do you mean, my love?" Simon asked confused, as she looked at Sarit's ass.

"Look at these pictures. They were taken by a friend of Anne in a local club." 
Sarit replied as she set on the bed, next to her naked bombshell and lover.

Once Simon finished looking at the pictures, are only replied was in a very soft
tone of voice, as she only said four words: "I love you Sarit."

Then Simon helped Sarit to lie on her back. Once Sarit was on her back, Simon
placed her head in Sarit's pussy and began to lick her 18 year old, best friend
and lover in the entire world. Now she knew that: Sarit will never leave her,
and humiliate her.

* * * * * * *
"...No Master Ororro, I'm not a paranoid, I have a disporian soul..." Anne
replied in a humble voice as she talked on her phone, as she walked to her
office. Anne was now dressed in tight riding costume which included; gray
sleeveless t-shirt, black belt, white pants and Black knee-high boots. Since it
was almost her time to ride Ulrica, then in her hand, she held a black riding
crop and had her hair in a real ponytail.

"...No Master, it means that I'm not a very happy person. However, since I found
a job that I like, I slowly getting better..." Anne said.

"...Thank you master... goodbye." Anne said, before pressing on the button. Once
Anne finished her talk with the master, she got into her office where she was
greeted by the "public's pussy", Ulrica (the blonde maid), and the "people's
ass", Deirdre (the brunette maid), who stood next to her friend. Both women
seemed to be very humble, as they stood next to her desk as she got into the
room. The two slaves looked so cute with the way in which they stood there with
Ulrica helplessly chewing her gum as she was trained.

Next to them stood Judy "piggy" Anderson, who was dressed in her maid's uniform
which included: a pair of gray hose with red garters, impossibly uncomfortable
skyscraper heels, and a tiny white maid's apron, that didn't quite reach the
juncture of her shapely thighs, and a silly looking, maid's cap.

Once she finished her inspection, Anne and Judy exchanged a few words.



Just as Anne was about to relax, Cathy ran into the room asking: "Mistress, have
you seen Sarit?"

"No, I did not. Why?" Anne replied worried.

"She left you that note on her bed. I didn't read it mistress." Cathy said as
she handed Anne the letter which said:

Dear Anne.

I know what you think about the situation between Simon and her parents.
However, I couldn't wait anymore. You should've see how Sarit cried last night.
It was a hart breaking scene. I know that I'm not perfect Anne, but I now have
the chance of doing something for my love. Look Anne, I know how much you
sacrificed for me and I love you. However, Simon sacrificed her entire life to
be with me, so I'm sorry if there will be a problem but I must do what as to be
done.

I know that if Simon was Latifa, you would have done ANYTHING to see that she is
happy. That is exactly what I'm doing. So please forgive me for disobeying you,
but as I said: I have no choice. I know how it is like to be scared and alone.
Until I met you, I felt that way. You saved my life. And Anne; thanks to you I
met Simon.

So please forgive me and let me do what I must. I know that my spelling is not
great, but remember; English is not my native tongue, and I only speak it for to
years.

Love you.

Sarit Smith, your daughter.

Once Anne finished, she chocked up a tear as she dismissed Cathy, who returned
to have sex with her daughter, buttercup. Buttercup had a collar that was tied a
ring at the wall by a chain. Both Cathy and Buttercup, loved to have sex with
each other so much. However, they missed Milky who was resting in Anne's
playroom, after a night of sex.

"Now come here! I think that your big bottom needs a little more tenderizing!" 
Anne commanded her slave girl.

Judy's heart hammered, for the 1st time since arriving to the ranch, she felt as
if she stood infront of her ex-mistress. She felt a sick queasiness in the pit
of her stomach.

Was it fear of the whip in Anne's hand? 

Yes! It must be that! 

Yet, there was a tingling in her loins, which hinted differently, that hinted at
a forbidden, perverse excitement.

'Oh Dear God!' Judy's mind screamed. 

Was Judy eagerly anticipating the prospect of more pain and humiliation, at the
hands of her new Mistress? 

Whatever her true feelings might be, Judy knew one thing for sure, and she must
and would obey!  With a sinking feeling, it hit her. She now belonged to Anne,
body and soul. Then with a gulp of resignation, the big policewoman submissively
draped her splendid body over the tiny dominatrix's lap, accepting her status as
slave.

However, Anne was not in a rush. The first thing that she did was to slowly rub
Judy's tattooed ass cheeks which said: "the end". At the 1st time in-which Anne
met her slave's ex-mistress, she asked her about the tattoo. However Mdm. Kim
didn't answer. What she did do was to click her fingers, and Judy answered: "my
name is piggy. I used to be one of those aggressive types, you know: bitchy,
rude, that kind of women. That was until I met Mdm. Kim who ended ALL of that.
To remind me what I was, my ass was tattooed and that was how I became what I
am..."

Then Anne raised the riding crop with an air of smug, self-satisfaction. Here
she was; a mistress who owned her very own ex police captain, who gave up on
EVERYTHING, a very long time ago. Not only that, but the helpless maid was
allowing her to use her as if she was a rag doll.



As Anne spanked her slave's ass, she looked at the monitor and saw Fairslut, who
was dressed in her brief costume. The helpless slave's once proud uniform had
been cut away, exposing her sprightly breasts and delicious pussy to full view.
In this caricature of her renowned costume, the virtuous crimefighter felt more
shamefully naked, then when she was fully nude.

Fairslut's hand was held by a guy called: Spike Jones, who was one of Anne's
friends, and the only man who touched one of her slaves in years. Anne, who knew
how Tom works, gave him clear orders next to Fairslut, who stood there with her
hands over her face: " Fairslut will do anything that you would like her to.
However, there are a few rules that you will have to follow:

You won't harm her in a way that will affect her skills. I need that slut for my
plan.
You won't fuck her. You may spank her ass, play with her boobs or toy with her
pussy. However, your dick is out.
You may use her: arms, legs, and mouth in ANY way that you'll see acceptable.

Now just so you'll know: the room that you'll be in, is monitored so DON'T do
anything funny."



The end of Chapter 26a.

The permissions:

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW, Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW
and used with the author's permission.  Rosy was taken from the stories:
"Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson" by GW, Cynthia (power miss) was taken
from the stories: Fraulein Power's Trophies, Latin Holiday and "Fraulein Power"
by GW she is used with the author's permission.
2. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: "Bimbo Dot Com", Brenda
Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black were taken
from the story: "What Men Look for in Women", and Jamie was taken from the
story: "Jamie's new job", Mia, Dana and Sara were taken from the story: you bet
your brain" by MrGray. ALL of the characters are being used with the author's
permission.
3. Barbie\Barbara Derman and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat"
by Musker, Ms. Waneright Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Dr. Stein and Karol were
taken from the story: Omens - a Halloween tale and it sequels by Musker and ALL
of them are being used with Musker's permission.
4. Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
5. Charlotte and Sherri were taken from the story: "Charlotte" by Parker,
Christina was taken from the story: "Christina" by Parker, Barbie Dahl was taken
from the story: "Career Opportunities" by Parker, Jen-Jen was taken from the
story: "Pool party" by Parker, Jennifer and Karen were taken from the story: 
"Dear diary" by Parker and Squealer was taken from the story: Squealer" by
parker. All of the characters are being used with Parker's permission and that
story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories.
6. Donna Stanton and Emily Johnson were taken from the story: "Becoming her
maid" by Jackpot, and Stacy Erickson taken from the story: "Social security
slut" by Jackpot. All of them are used with the permission of Jackpot.
7. Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story "Surrendering
Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author: Night_Writer and
just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a sequel to the story.
9. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
9. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, and used
with her permission.
10. Tina's look is based on Toni's look from the comics: "Toni goes to the
bondage ball" by Doggers.
11. Itty-Bitty was taken from the story: "Itty-Bitty" by Marlissa, and used with
the author's permission.
12. Anne and Susie were taken from the story: Cheerleader Picture by Ninja
Turtle.





From a mayor to a slave, part 26b
By the outsider
Sarit gets her only wish, the 1st man who fucks one of Anne's slaves, Latifa
continues Anne plan for Keisha, a couple meeting end bad, Simon's gets
satisfaction and a lot more..

 Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy and ALL of
the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to any of
the stories or the comics which I borrowed characters from. 

2. All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca,
in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and it is used for MY personal use ONLY.

3. This chapter is dedicated for a very special "muse".

4. I want to thank GW for the English improvements at the latest chapter.

5. The pictures in this chapter are used with GW's permission and most of
Betty's information.

Part_26b - new beginnings.

Once they were inside Fairslut's cell; Spike began to play with Anne's helpless
toy under the rules which Anne gave him. He knew that as a mistress, and a
friend of a few very powerful women, Anne in cooperation with Latifa was very
dangerous, especially in her state of mind. On her part, the broken slave did
offered only feeble attempts to resist.






Then as Fairslut was struggling to get out of his hampering clothes, Spike let
go of her waist, and the overwrought heroine, half-swooning in distress, tumbled
helplessly to the floor. Once she was on the floor, Anne took the microphone and
said: "you know what? MAYBE it's time for me to listen to SARIT, so if you have
a drug control pills; you may fuck her after you'll drug her."

With that in his mind, Spike conveniently reached into his pocket and took out a
pill. Spike had a bad running with another mistress's slave, and since then he
was careful. Once Fairslut was all drugged up, Spike removed his cloths.




As soon as he'd frantically torn off all his clothes, Spike pounced on the
helpless slave.  He roughly spread her long, gorgeously supple legs, as Fairslut
whimpered a tearful, useless plea. Her pitiful plea was in vain; Spike rammed
his hugely engorged penis into her sweet body with a grunt of evil satisfaction.







When the panting thug withdrew his dripping tool from her sweet body, Fairslut
rolled away in sick, shamed despair. Spike had other plans, though. In all his
sordid life, he'd never dreamed of possessing the fabled, unapproachable,
fabulously beautiful Fairslut as his love toy for the night. He knew that it was
a once in a lifetime deal, and as someone who already fucked her; he wasn't
about to let this night end so soon.

Though he did not have the clue to the question: why Anne changed her mind? And
that bothered him, as he knew Anne.




Spike shoved the sobbing Fairslut over on her face, and lunged at her again.
Spike intended that no fantasy go unfulfilled, on this night of nights. That was
when he rolled her to her back, and began to fuck her boobs. Next, Spike forced
the sobbing slave to give him a blow-job. However, that was not the end of her
torment as he suddenly grabbed her head and began to fuck her face.








Once Spike finished and laughed the room, Fairslut's ex-mistress, Deedee, (who
was about Sarit's age and worked for Anne) came into the room and affixed an
iron collar and chain to Fairslut's neck, an unbreakable badge of her shame and
defeat. Once the collar was secured, the young woman decided to play "Horsy"
with the helpless slave at her feet.

Perched, jockey-like, upon Fairslut's bent back, Deedee relentlessly drove her
victim crawling about the cell floor, constantly smacking her behind to make her
go faster.  Fairslut whimpered in weary aching pain. After a year in which
Fairslut was weaken more and more, with the passage of every minute, Deedee's
trifling weight was become an unbearable burden, for she, who ONCE was stronger
than any mortal.  She wept, forlornly, at the pain. Her beautifully rounded,
creamy bottom was in torment, blistered angry red by Deedee's hellish spanking,
and, then, so viciously sodomized by the evil Doctor.







At last, brutally robbed of all her self reliant, Olympian Fairslut whined a
tearful, broken plea.



Even the demons of hell may grow sleepy, and it had been a very long day for
Deedee, though incredibly satisfying. The young demoness yawned complacently.
The hated Fairslut's final whimper for mercy was a high note to close the day. 
Tomorrow promised to be another delightful day.  It was time to settle her
abused captive for tonight.
"I suppose you have to use the bathroom before I bed you down?' Deedee yawned. 
"Anne would be furious, if you peed on the floor!"

It had been nearly twenty-four hours, since Fairslut on her evening patrol, the
night before, and she needed to urinate desperately.

"Y-yes...yes... pl-please!"  Fairmaiden whimpered, almost gratefully.




Deedee led the leashed superheroine, crawling on all fours, into a smaller
anteroom of the dungeon.  In the corner was a large, flat box, filled with kitty
litter.  Fairslut's heart sank even lower, when she saw it.

"C'mon we haven't got all night!" Deedee tugged on Fairslut's leash forcing her
to crawl into the litter box. 

"Make sure you don't pee on the floor, Slut!"  Deedee cautioned.

Fairslut knelt, miserably, in the middle of the litter box, with Deedee's
smirking, soulless eyes glaring down on her. Bad as she had to go, the thought
of doing it in front of the hateful, snickering Deedee, in this contrivance
meant for animals, caused untold mortification to the slut, who still retained
her maidenly modesty, despite the appalling vicious assaults she had endured.

"C'mon, c'mon!  I toldya', we don't have all night!" Deedee snarled. With a sob
of desperate despair, Fairslut succumbed to nature's need. Trying to stay within
the cramped confines of the demeaning litter box, in her nervousness, the stream
of urine ran down her leg.




Not like in the past, Deedee seemed to be very pleased as she ordered Fairslut
to lick it, knowing that the cameras are working.

"Now I'll have to hose you down, you disgusting Pig!" Deedee snorted, as
Fairslut wept loudly, in shame as she was now forced to play "doggie" with her
mistress.

In the other corner of the room, were a hose and a drain in the floor.  Deedee
attached Fairslut's leash to a hook, so she was forced to stand above the drain. 
She handed the leashed slut a wash cloth and bar of soap.  Taking the hose, she
turned it on, and played a stream of icy water over Fairslut's abused body,
while the unfortunate heroine wearily washed herself.

Deedee nastily sprayed the water all over Fairslut, drenching her hair, then
laughing at the bedraggled, harried look, so rare to a gorgeous slut. Of course,
being a demigoddess, by the time Fairslut's hair dried, it would regain its
normal, shimmering hue and impudent bounce.




After the harsh humiliating shower, Deedee chained up her abused captive for the
night, even though it was only: 13:00. As far as Fairslut and her "neighbors"
the dominant person in the room decided their life as Anne gave them free hand.

Chained to the wall by a slave collar that bent her once proud neck low,
Fairslut sniffled in humiliation and despair.




As Deedee got on her bed to sleep, watching the tormented slave; Fairslut
remembered of how she last so her mother once and strong one year ago. However,
all of that was in her mind as she knew what happened to her mother.






Meanwhile in another room, Monique set there naked in her male form with his
dick caged, while his sack was held in a leather sack which was a replica to the
one that the gang used. His long, hair was cut to match the way that he looked
as a man. However, he was dressed in: pink, 5" thigh-high boots, Pink stockings
which were held by Black garter belt and a tank top.

Poor Monique was in that room for the last hour now, waiting for Anne, who will
finely after 6 months would bring Moesha to see him. He knew that Anne had
Moesha re-trained (or that was what Anne told him), and now finely; he will hug
his wife like a man... almost a man. Once Monique began to think that it was a
scam by Anne, the door went and in came; Anne accompanied by Moe... an unknown
naked woman with her pussy shaved. The woman allowed Anne to place her hand over
her ass, while she held two glasses of water.

The unknown woman seemed to look like Moesha when they met, with the changes
that she had through the years. This woman's skin seemed to be lighter, and she
had larger measurements then what Moesha had when last that he saw her:
40FF-20-38, on a 5'8" frame. Her hair was bleached, and held in a ponytail which
rested on her back.

Other then that, Monique could see her red leather collar, and that she only
wore a golden chain-link belt around her waist. Monique was sure that this woman
was not Moesha from the way in which: she allowed Anne to place her hand over
her bare ass.

And what about that stupid grin?

Surely that woman was not Moesha... is it?

The answer came a few seconds later, when Anne said: "So Zack, what do you think
about my slave, Keisha? Or as you know are better: Moesha? Isn't she cute? And
just to think that only 6 months ago you two tried to escape. I was very upset
with her and decided to make sure that she won't leave here again.

That it why I gave her treatments with a new type of hormone which works very
slow. It took me 6 months with breaks to enlarge her cups 4 cup sizes, and I'm
thinking to take another 6 months to get her to a full g-cup. I was aided by
real shots to fake her body into thinking that she just gave birth, and
therefore her milk glands need to begin production, a.s.a.p. and then I gave her
the same shots that dairy farmers give their cows, to
increase their milk production. That should give you a good two cup sizes in
about a week.

Of course the down side is that Keisha will constantly need to be milked, to get
her milk production up to full speed, and keeping it there. That could have some
interesting consequences, as to how that's done, and what I will have done to
her while she's getting milked. But that's another subject."

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO." Poor Monique screamed.

"Yes. However, there is something that you can do: convince Keisha in one hour
that she is who she is, and I will allow you two to have more visits. If you
will fail, (and you will) then you would join her." Anne said as she left the
room, and locked the door from behind her.

* * * * * * * *

Anne set at her office naked as she was licked by: Mandi, who licked her right
teat, Cindy who licked her left and Barbie who licked her pussy. Through her
pleasure, Anne inspected as: Ulrica and Deirdre worked their asses of installing
the new gallery, which showed the "wall of glory" and that of the humiliation
but it also showed the most humiliating picture in the enslavement of Ulrica and
Deirdre.

The young woman just loved to see how: Ulrica was on her knees and held her
owner's lap, while Justy was dressed in the shreds of her former costume, white
boots and a ragged coat.





Once her slaves finished: there was a knock on the door to her office and Anne
decided to send Ulrica to answer. When Ulrica returned, she was followed by:
Suzy Wang, who was dressed in her evening gown, and sow who was dressed in her
slut outfit as they were just about to go out to have Sow working her charms.

As Anne looked at the two, she remembered how whenever she drove to the court;
she saw sow bringing money to Suzy who IMIDIATLEY sent her back to work. Now
after Anne informed Suzy that she (Suzy) will get 100% of the money, Suzy WORKED
Sow as if there was no tomorrow. Each night\day in which Anne allowed Suzy to
take sow was a nightmare, as Anne gave Suzy free hand.




Once Anne looked at Suzy, the Asian woman said: "Anne, I need to take 'old bag'
here. Do you need her?"

"I already told you on the phone; I do not need her." Anne replied.

"Are you sure?" Suzy asked.

"Yes, go!" Anne replied, and Suzy did as Anne told her as she grabbed her
personal "money maker" by the hand and dragged her out of the room.

Meanwhile in another part of the city, Sarit and Simon went out the door of
Simon parents with a stunning, sobbing Brunette. The poor woman wore: 9" pumps,
fishnet-stockings that were held by a garter belt, skimpy little spaghetti dress
which gave great view over her DD-cup, and had a cut on each side from her hip
until the hem of the dress.

Over her shoulder, the helpless woman was carrying black purse to match her
outfit. Over her neck was a red collar which had the following written on its
front:

"Name: Mindy.
Owner: Mistress Simon.
Use: general-slave.
Number: 001 (1st slave to that mistress)

On the back of the collar was the following:

"Note: Mistress Simon is a submissive. That is why the number of slaves that she
owns will be decided by her dominatrix." Now that is an ironic situation: the
same slave, who printed that tag, wore it.

Other then that, Mindy's hands were tied behind her back, and she had a pair of
sunglasses to cover her eyes after she was brutally hit by Sarit and Simon. Over
her head, Mindy had a head harness which held a ring-gag in her mouth.

They walked only a few steps when Sarit saw a taxi driver and told Simon: "don't
say one word! I'm about to get us more fun. Now, keep that slut quite."

"You are not upset that I don't have a license right?" Simon asked as she
followed Sarit who went to a taxi driver who set on his car.

"Like no Simon. Say that's a lovely yellow car and stuff." Sarit asked as she
looked at the shocked Simon.

"It is called a taxi, miss?" the driver said.

"Savich... Jasmine Savich... are you the driver and stuff?" Sarit replied.

"Yes Ms. Savich. Say do you know what a Savich is?"

"Yes, it is like a food. With avocado and stuff." Sarit replied.

"You know what, let's make a deal." The driver offered.

"Like what?" Sarit replied.

"Well, you will tell me what: 'Iftach el-bab' means. If I win then your friend
will give me a blow-job." The driver said.

"Like, if you'll loose and stuff; you'll drive naked for an entire year, and
stuff." Sarit replied.

"Very well." The driver said.

"Well you pompous S. O. B. the meaning of: 'Iftach el-bab' is: OPEN THE DOOR!"
Sarit replied.

"What?" the driver asked shocked. One minute this girl was an idiot, a useless
slut, and suddenly she is smart.

"YOU HEARD ME. NOW GET NAKED!" Anne said, and the driver did as she had to. Once
the driver was naked, Sarit told Simon: "bring your ex, Mindy's son, over here."
And looked as her lover ran into the house. A few minutes later, Simon returned
and the fun began.

Two hours later, Simon and Sarit walked away with Mindy, their new slave,
laughing as she tried to get to the naked, cum-covered men who lay on the grass
sobbing and crying for what the two girls forced them into. Poor Mindy: not only
that she was raped by: her husband, 2 sons and Simon's father and 4 brothers,
but now she was led out of the room naked.

'Why is happening to me? I never had anything to do with those sinners, so what
do they want form me?" Mindy's mind screamed as she helplessly tried to resist
and escape from the grasp of that Sarit. With every moment that past: Mindy knew
that she is in troubles and prepared for a fight later. However, for now she
won't let those bitches to break her.

* * * * * * * *
The door to the cell in which Monique Keisha was just opened, and there in the
opening stood Anne dressed in her raggedy Anne costume. Whenever the cameras
were on: Anne always was that outfit and a mask). Once inside, Anne said:
"Keisha, Anne told me that Latifa wish to see you."

"Yes Raggedy." Keisha replied, before she jumped of the chair and left the room.
The next time in which the couple will be able to meet again, will be in 6
months when Keisha will take over Moesha's life. Until then, Moesha\Keisha will
be re-trained by Anne and Latifa, while Monique will be fucking with men as she
will slowly get accustomed to her new life.

"What have you done to her, you bitch." Monique said as she stood and almost hit
Anne.

"Sit down slave! From now on: you will do what I tell you. You will think about
what I'll allow you, and you won't try to escape." Anne ordered, and Monique saw
how she did as she was told.

"What have you done to me?" Monique asked in panic.

"Just what I did to your precious: Moesha. You see, I drugged you thank to the
cup of water that you drank. However, not like Moesha who became OUR Lesbian
lover and don't remember ANYTHING about her past: you will remember EVERYTHING
that happened to the both of you until today. Understood?" Anne asked.

"Yes bitch." Monique replied in anger.

"I see. I'm a bitch. We'll just see about that, from now on whenever I will ask
you something, or give you an order, then you will bark once. Understood?" Anne
asked.

"Bark." Monique answered in despair, after a few minutes in which she tried to
resist.

"You will do as I say, and it doesn't matter how you would feel about it.
Understood?" Anne asked.

"Bark." Monique replied, shaking her head: NO.

"From now on you won't remember the word: no, or what it means. You are not
allowed to refuse MY will. You will do what I order, and you won't use that mind
of yours. Understood?" Anne asked.

"Bark." Monique replied immediately. Suddenly she forgot how to resist Anne, and
wanted to be dominated.

"Two last things for now:

You will NEVER, talk about the past with Moesha again.
You will replace the letters: 'R' and 'P' with 'W'. You won't be able to
pronounce those letters and as you'll talk, I want you to try and sound as if
you were a baby.

Understood?' Anne asked with an evil grin under her beloved mask, as if she was
a cat who swallowed to canaries.

"Bark." Monique answered as Anne left the room. Once Anne was out of that cell,
she went to Hilda's cell and looked as the helpless slave was tortured by Diana,
who seemed to love every minute of it.

Like Dita, Diana took special delight in abusing the beautiful Hilda's large,
exquisitely formed bosom.





Of course, the vicious Commandant sometimes chose other targets, as well.




Then it was time to re-brand poor Hilda...




The mentally and physically torment which Hilda used to went on nights, as well
as days continued now by the hands of Diana...





Subjected to ever more fiendish and brutish torture, the brave Amazon resisted
for days, but finally, inevitably, even her steely courage and proud resolution
shattered as it was an exact reenactment of the tortures which she took...





Even after she had broken the gallant, Allied heroine, and forced her to divulge
every secret and confidential bit of information she possessed, Diana continued
to abuse and terrorize the unfortunate slave. She loved to assign her demeaning
tasks that would humiliate her and further break her spirit, for now she had an
even more dastardly goal in mind.





Then almost as if it was some sort of ceremony, Diana dressed the zombie-like
slave in her uniforms, and that was when Anne left while the ceremony
continued...




Meanwhile in another room, Latifa was training her and Anne's young protege,
Keisha, who seemed to be very eager to please her mistress. Keisha was naked as
usual, and licked her mistress's legs as part of her training. After taking her
drugs, Moesha was conditioned to become Keisha, an obedient pussy-slave with a
fetish to Anne's entire body, and Latifa's feet. Both women just loved to have
this gorgeous brainwashed and drugged woman who was molded to feet their ideal
woman.

"Put more feeling into it, Keisha. You are licking like someone who hates doing
that. Look Keisha; even the new Krista licks better, and she is not a lesbian
sex-slave like you, so what do you say? Would you like to learn how to lick
better?" Latifa asked Keisha, who felt like an idiot in such an easy task, which
she did for the last "decade" since becoming Anne "lover" and Latifa's protege.
However, not like Latifa who was "blessed" by being tortured by the hands of
Anne, Keisha never had that experience and was sad because of that.

"Please teach me mistress Latifa. I won't to be better then Krista, and that you
and Anne would be proud of me... please..." Keisha began to beg.

"Very well Keisha, the 1st thing that you need to know is that you need to be on
all fours." Latifa began to explain.

"Yes mistress." Latifa answered. As she quickly dropped on all four.

"Now, I want you to crawl after me, while I will move around the room." Latifa
answered as she began to move.

"Yes mistress." Keisha replied as she did as she was told.

"KEISHA, why aren't you licking the floor?" Latifa asked in a gentle voice.

"What mistress?" Keisha asked.

"Don't you remember? You worship my feet. Every day you pray that nothing bad
will happen to them. That us the reason for the question? Why do you lick the
floors? You see Keisha: when you are with me you MUST lick the floors to feel
me. However when you are with Anne, you MUST behave in a perfect way. You see
Keisha, with me you will act in the most vulgar way that you will be able to
think about. However, with Anne you will act by the set of rules which she gave
you. Understood?" Keisha asked after she remembered Moesha her last session with
Anne, while talking to Keisha.

Latifa knew that Anne "fixed" Moesha's memory so that Moesha will:

Become more impressionable, and will believe any suggestions Anne or Latifa will
give her.
Will STOP to love Monique\Zack who Anne saw as a threat because of the love that
both slaves as shared.
It will be easier to rearrange her: name, persona, ideals, goals and desires.
Destroy Moesha's last hope for freedom and normal life with Monique\Zack as a
free woman.

"Ho yes, thank you mistress. Anne taught me lots of things, which I just
couldn't remember. Please forgive me." Keisha replied as she crawled after
Latifa, who had an evil smirk on her face.

"I just love your blonde hair Keisha. In he right way it makes you look like a
bimbo." Latifa said.

"Thank you for the compliment, mistress." Keisha said full with Joy, as her
mistress stopped and turned to face her. However, happy as she was, there was
still something which bothered Keisha as if she was supposed to feel some sort
of humiliation which she stopped having 6 months ago. But that didn't stop her,
as she knew that she must please her mistress. However, she just knew that she
will have to inform Anne about that "error" as Anne called it, but to Moesha it
meant nothing. If she knew, then she was probably jumping on that chance to
escape the mesmerizing prison which Anne "threw" her soul into.

"Now Keisha, what I want you to do is: crawl over to me and place your lips over
my shoes. Then I want you to count to 3 as you can't count any higher. Once
finished, I want you to grab my hand before you'll bend that stiff neck, and
start to: lick, kiss and slurp over my shoes with feeling until I will tell you
to stop. Understood?" Latifa asked after instructing Keisha.

"Yes mistress." Keisha answered, in her permanent high-pitch, submissive tone of
voice.

* * * * * * * * *

Anne led her slave, Cynthia junior to some room at the ranch. Poor Cynthia was
dressed in: a scarlet brassiere and matching garter belt which held a pair of
nylons and a pair of white lace bikini panties with a red heart in the center.
Over her legs, Cynthia wore a pair of Yellow 7" mules with red ribbon.

Once inside, Cynthia's hart sank as she saw the gallery and heard her mistress
asking: "is that your step-mother, slut?"

"Y-yes m-mistress. H-how d-di-did y-you g-go-got th-them?" Cynthia asked in
fear, as she looked at the gallery which showed pictures of her step-mother from
her last night with her former mistress, Gerda von-Hipper, who she murdered in
very humiliating positions and in full size and color.











"I found them." Anne replied as she led her slave to another wall which had two
posters: the 1st poster showed how to use a new model that was called "the bitch
pads", that was used to keep the new puppygirls on all four. The 2nd poster
showed the design for a new muzzle-gag which was called: "the lady muzzle" and
was used until today.

As they looked at the posters, Cynthia saw how Anne's hand slipped into her
(Cynthia's) panties and began to slowly move over her pierced pussy lips, while
Anne slowly blew air into her motionless slave's ear. In that position, Anne
looked like a black mamba snake which caught her victim on sight, and was about
to attack while Cynthia looked like some helpless guzzle.

Then just as Cynthia was about to send her hand to stop Anne, the little
mistress whispered: "I wouldn't do that if I were you, miss slave. I know who
you are, and if you won't be nice then you'll be brought to MY court to be
sentenced. Understood slut?"

"Y-Yes... (Sob...) Mistress Anne." Cynthia replied helplessly before Anne led
her to a cage and locked her in.

Meanwhile at the kitchen, Cow (Rosy Harrison) stood in attention as she received
orders from her mistress, Sarit, who set next Simon who was naked. On the floor
was the shape of a white woman, kneeling infront of Simon while trying to hide
under the table-cloth. Once Sarit finished, she informed her slave: "that was
good slave. Now slut, you may ask: 'how do you know, mistress?' well slut, the
answer is very easy: Simon doesn't eat much. You see, Simon loves to things. The
1st one is that Simon loves being tortured, used and abused by me. The 2nd thing
is to eat and drink what I allow her to. If Simon like it, then I can it that.
However, if not then it is not a good sign, and I need to keep that thing out of
my mouth. Now Simon, what do you say: was that scrambled egg bad or good?"

Suddenly just as Simon was about to say something, Anne walked into the room
holding a box in her hand. Over her face Anne had a big smile. Once Anne was
next to the girls, she gave Sarit the box and as Sarit opened it Anne said:
"Sarit, that doll was passed on over the last 5 generations in my family to the
oldest girl. Since I don't have ANY kids, I hope that you will accept that doll.
Her name is: Lulu and she is 150 years old. The only condition to get that doll
is to be in a disperse."

Then as Sarit opened it, she saw what seemed to be like a very old raggedy Anne
doll. A moment later after she held the door, Sarit put the doll over her hart
and said: "I want you to legally adopt me Anne. I know that I'm too old but I
need to have a mother."

"Very well my dear Sarit. Now the other news is that I was able to convince the
authorities here in the United-states of America and in Israel to allow us to
remove the bodies of your parents from the kibbutz over here into the ranch.
That way you will be able to visit them on a daily basic. Look Sarit, I know
that your soul in Israel but maybe now with that start, I will be able to get
some of your soul so that we will have a better chance?" Anne asked Sarit who
hugged her tightly with joy in her little eyes.

"Thank you mommy, I will be the best daughter that you will ever have, and I
promise to keep that doll intact for a very long time." Sarit replied with tears
in her eyes, and joy in her heart. Finely the only thing that she EVER wanted
will happen to her, and she will re-unite with her parents. In her eyes, now
after what Anne did it was time to truly accept Anne as her MOTHER and not only
as her ACTING legal guardian.

"Well to be honest, I could achieve it without Simon. She truly loves you, and
she did ALL of the hard work." Anne said, knowing that it wasn't true.

"Really mommy?" Sarit asked.

"Yes it is true. Right Simon?" Anne asked.

"Yes Anne." Simon replied. Then as Sarit turned to face Anne, Simon said to Anne
without words: "thank you." Knowing that Anne just did her a favor.

"Let's go Simon!" Sarit ordered as she grabbed the leashes of the slaves with
hand, and led Simon to their room.

A few minutes after they left, Anne heard Simon screaming in pain and smiled.

Simon loved to be tortured by Sarit, and from now on the dom\sub arrangement
will move to another level.

The end of chapter 26b.

The permissions:

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW, Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW
and used with the author's permission.  Rosy was taken from the stories:
"Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson" by GW, Cynthia (power miss) was taken
from the stories: Fraulein Power's Trophies, Latin Holiday and "Fraulein Power"
by GW she is used with the author's permission.
2. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: "Bimbo Dot Com", Brenda
Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black were taken
from the story: "What Men Look for in Women", and Jamie was taken from the
story: "Jamie's new job", Mia, Dana and Sara were taken from the story: you bet
your brain" by MrGray. ALL of the characters are being used with the author's
permission.
3. Barbie\Barbara Derman and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat"
by Musker, Ms. Waneright Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Dr. Stein and Karol were
taken from the story: Omens - a Halloween tale and it sequels by Musker and ALL
of them are being used with Musker's permission.
4. Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
5. Charlotte and Sherri were taken from the story: "Charlotte" by Parker,
Christina was taken from the story: "Christina" by Parker, Barbie Dahl was taken
from the story: "Career Opportunities" by Parker, Jen-Jen was taken from the
story: "Pool party" by Parker, Jennifer and Karen were taken from the story: 
"Dear diary" by Parker and Squealer was taken from the story: Squealer" by
parker. All of the characters are being used with Parker's permission and that
story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories.
6. Donna Stanton and Emily Johnson were taken from the story: "Becoming her
maid" by Jackpot, and Stacy Erickson taken from the story: "Social security
slut" by Jackpot. All of them are used with the permission of Jackpot.
7. Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story "Surrendering
Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author: Night_Writer and
just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a sequel to the story.
9. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
9. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, and used
with her permission.
10. Itty-Bitty was taken from the story: "Itty-Bitty" by Marlissa, and used with
the author's permission.
11. Anne and Susie were taken from the story: Cheerleader Picture by Ninja
Turtle.




From a mayor to a slave, part 27a
By the outsider
Family reunion, the return of Mitzi and Lisa, using the slaves, "the Korean
nightmare", Simon's revenge on her ex-mistress, and more.

Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy.

2. ALL of the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel
to any of the stories or the comics which I borrowed characters from. 

2. All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca,
in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and it is used for MY personal use ONLY.

3. The pictures in this chapter are used with GW's permission and most of
Betty's information.

Part_27a.

Anne looked at the monitor of her computer with a smile. Fairslut was re-united
with her mother. As always, Deedee was there to keep the helpless slave from
escaping. After 2 years in which they were apart, their reunion was very touchy,
and lasted for a few moments before the evil teenager pulled them apart.




Once in the corner, Lillith had entered Fairmaiden's cell, and paused to paw the
heroine's lushly slender curves a moment, before getting down to business. 1st
Lillith informed the humiliated, broken blonde the plan, before she fastened
huge strap-on dildo to her slender loins, while Deedee attached a sturdy chain,
hanging from the ceiling, to the trembling, fearful slave's slimly muscled
waist.

With a quick movement of her incredibly powerful, little body, the scarlet imp
hoisted the distraught goddess, sobbing in despair, into the air. Once it was
over, the poor slave scrabbled at the floor with toes and fingers vainly trying
to relieve the distressing pressure on her middle.




When Fairslut was ready, both Deedee and Lillith led her to where her mother
was.



Then, as she did in the past; Fairslut broke into loud sobs, when she saw the
humiliating, agonizing torment, Deedee had inflicted on her mother. She had a
ghastly premonition of what was to come. However, she tried to beg for mercy.



However, fairslut's begs fell on depth ears as Lillith dragged the blond heroine
around, until the bulbous dildo head was aimed squarely at her beloved mother's
large, fully formed buttocks, still excruciatingly aglow from Deedee's cruel
spanking. Fairslut kicked and struggled madly, but Lillith handled the weakened
slave with ease. Then with the help of Deedee, who shoved the dildo in; Fairslut
was ready after a few minutes with the dildo in her own mother's anus.



Once Deedee aligned the phallus, she jumped clear, and Lillith planted her knee
in Fairslut's back.  Pausing a moment to take a deep breath, she rammed the
blonde heroine's pliant form forward, with all the formidable strength of her
stocky body.



Once she had driven the dildo all the way into the slave's suffering body,
Lillith callously used Fairslut's body as a fulcrum to ram the huge phallus in
and out of her shrieking mother's broad backside.

The hideous torture went on until Lillith finally jerked Fairslut backward.







Meanwhile in another part of the ranch, Mitzi lay naked in bed as she was a
little "under the weather".  For the 1st time since they met, Mitzi couldn't
take care of Lisa, and she felt even worst. She knew that Lisa was a very tough
woman, and her dominatrix. However, Lisa was very weak mentally, and there were
some things which she just couldn't do.

It has been one hour since Lisa left her alone, and walked away with
Suzie\"thing", who was formally known as Linda. Linda was called like that,
because now after the last operation (which Anne and her grandparents paid for),
he became a man with a pussy lips. Suddenly just as Mitzi was about to get some
sleep, she heard clicks from behind the close door.

Outside the door were: Lisa who was dressed in white, short dress with matching
boots, and Suzy. Poor Suzie was dressed in: pink garter belt, a little apron,
nylons and high heel shoes.  None of it came anywhere near fitting him, but
somehow he got into it. Lisa also fastened a bra around his broad muscular
chest, and tied a pink bow in his hair.



Inside the room, Mitzi tried to hide under the blanket with panic, until she
heard Lisa's voice ordering: "ANSWER THE DOOR BELL, SUZIE!" and that was when
she came out of the blankets just as Suzie came in. poor Suzie crawled until she
was able to place her mouth on Mitzi's pussy, and that was when he began to lick
Mitzi as both women began to laugh.

* * * * * * * * * *
Anne set in her office, as she got a lap-dance from Jennie shit-face. The poor
girl was formally known as: Jen-Jen. However, after meeting one of her ex
clients, Anne decided that she will change her name to what it was when she
began her carear as a slave. As she did in the past, Anne read EVERYTHING that
she could get on her private exotic dancer.

Poor Jennie was dressed in: tight, pink micro-miniskirt which ended 1" above her
ass and 2" above the middle of her bare pussy. As Anne's favorite AND private
dancer, Jennie was by now well accustomed to Anne's taste of cloths for her.
Over her breasts, Jennie wore a tiny halter which was so small that it barley
reached her nipples. Other then that, poor Jennie wore 7" ankle-high boots,
which made her legs to look longer. And heavy makeup decorated her face.

Infront of Anne set her lesbian accountants. At her left, on the single pink
sofa was Barbie Dahl, who was dressed in black plastic: sandals, skirt and bra.
Around her neck was a matching plastic collar. Barbie's bleached hair was
slicked back, and her mouth was busy as she chewed the gum in her mouth. By now
after the time which she spent as Anne's slave, her head was full with thoughts
about Anne, and just like Krista and Moesha: she was on the right state of mind
and way to become a part of project "take-over".

Next to Barbie, on the other Sofa was Krista. Poor Krista, much like her former
mistress, Anne forced her to take pains to make herself appear older and
de-emphasize her attractive features. Only 28 years old, and already looking
like a 3o year old. By now Krista looked like an over-sexed teenager.

Her blonde hair was streaked with platinum and was teased into a pair of
pigtails. Her ears, were triple-pierced, and held long, dangling pieces of junk
jewellery. And the best part was that as always she was dressed in her: knee
high socks, tight, pink tube top and short, leather miniskirt with Pink, plastic
pumps.

Both Krista and Barbie had their legs crossed, as they fingered themselves for
Anne's pleasure. However, there was no need that Anne will do the same, as her
pussy was licked by squealer, who was naked accept for a black choker. To Anne,
who saw how are slaves were. It was strange to find out that the former whore
was the ONLY slave who loved to be owned by Anne. Whenever Anne fucked squealer,
the later enjoyed it and actually begged for more without being told to, and
when she had to lick Anne's pussy she always did an excellent job.

Other then those slaves, Anne also used: Ulrica to lick her ass while Deirdre
sucked Anne's left foot, and tramp (Ultrafemme) sucked her right foot. Anne's
right teat was licked by BOTH Twit and Twat, who wore: shinny black rubber
catsuit with attached hood, gloves and foot pods. An assortment of holes had
been cut out of it for their eyes, mouth, nostrils, breasts and pussy.

The rubber squeezed and shaped their breasts and pussies so strangely that it
made them looked as if someone had glued on a set of falseys right over their
black rubber clad bodies. And around their waist was a very constricting rubber
corset that molded them into a stereotype hourglass shape.

However, both "twins" were still in the same: shape, size, height and weight.

Then as Anne turned to the monitor, she saw Judy's new trainer, the Korean
nightmare: Sue-Lee Yang proving why she was the best in what she did. The 1st
thing which Sue did was to tie the hands of the former police captain behind her
back. Once the helpless slave was tied, Sue started to make sexual advances to
her bound prisoner.  Judy was horrified.  She pulled away in alarm, and tried to
escape.








Of course, badly beaten, with her arms tied behind her, Judy had little hope of
escape. Sue swiftly caught her from behind. Then as Sue wrapped her slim, strong
arms around Judy's waist, her sharp little fingers found Judy's sweet,
defenseless pussy.  With arrogant possessiveness, she lewdly fingered the Police
Captain's delightful treasure.

Sue kept on spanking Judy for 5 minutes before she put down the brush, and
checked Judy's ass. Then, Judy who knew that this was her last hope, tried to
escape. However, she fell of the woman's legs to the floor.

Secretly delighted by Judy's surrender, Sue's pretended anger and kicked her for
her clumsiness.  Then leaving her victim sobbing hopelessly, she fetched a fine
hand rolled Havana cigar from her locker.  She carefully lit it, and took a deep
satisfying puff, in celebration of her victory.  Then, she languidly picked up
the stool Judy had overturned, and seated herself on it, a few feet from her
sobbing victim.

"Crawl over to me on your belly, Piggy!"  Sue commanded, in the harsh, demanding
voice, of one used to being obeyed.

Shorn of all pride and self-respect, Judy obediently did Sue's bidding.
Wriggling painfully on her belly, Judy crawled to Sue's feet.  The mature
ex-Police Captain looked up at the youthful dominatrix, with fear and revulsion. 
She was still loath to admit it, even to herself, but Judy knew she daren't
disobey. Deep within her bosom, was a compulsion to worship and placate her
conqueror.  Her heart hammered in despair.

Sue thrust her foot in Judy's face. Without even thinking, Judy obediently
sucked the small toes, though bitter tears rolled down her beautiful face.  Kim
puffed contentedly on her fine Havana cigar. Once she started, Judy was lost. 
When the girl touched her head, the submissive policewoman servilely raised her
head between Sue's thighs.  It no longer seemed unnatural, to pay perverse
homage to this fierce, young virago who'd subjugated her.

She licked and slobbered with seeming enthusiasm,
















In time, after her unfortunate sex-slave in training had brought her to multiple
orgasms, with her ever more skillful tongue, Sue finally pushed Judy away. 
Though young in years, the youthful dominatrix was expert in her craft.  This
was the time to establish her complete, unquestioning dominion over this strong,
older woman.  She rose, and went to her locker one more time.  Judy crouched
miserably on the floor, still trying to come to terms with what she'd just done,
while Sue strutted back, with one more frightful surprise.

Puffing contentedly on her cigar, Sue showed the device to poor Judy.  It was a
set of nipple clamps. Judy knelt erect in terror, at the sight of them.  She
begged pathetically, but Sue laughingly stepped behind her, and reached over her
shoulders. Judy screeched in agony, as Sue fastened the inhuman clamps to the
thrusting nipples, of her large, gorgeous bosom.




While Judy was still screaming in pain, Sue pulled aside a curtain in the corner
of the room. Behind it was a sturdy frame, with attached harness. Though Sue
removed the ropes binding her hands and arms first, Judy didn't even try to
resist, as Sue attached straps to her ankles, and hoisted her into the air
upside down, to hang like a butchered side of beef, for her pleased inspection.

As Judy twisted slowly, helplessly, in a circle, suspended upside down by her
ankles, Kim told her, she was going to leave her there all night. Judy whimpered
out a feeble plea of protest. Sue reacted with fierce, savage fury, slashing her
little crop into Judy's ravaged pussy. Poor Judy shrieked out a heartfelt
promise to obey.




Meanwhile in another room; Sarit set on the bed and had her: pussy sucked by
Rosy, right foot was sucked by Liz, and her right foot was sucked by Milly. The
young woman just loved to see those two in that situation. On the other side,
Simon stood infront of her 2 slaves. The 1st one was declared as: "candy". The
other slave was declared as "bitch", and she was tied on a saint Mathew cross.

To a person looking from the side it was clear that Simon hated candy, but
despised bitch. The reason for that was that bitch used to be Simon's mistress,
until Anne bought Simon as a present for Sarit's birthday at: 10.4.2005 which
was only six days after the murder of her parents. Simon's memory was much like
that of Druses and a Bedui, which meant that if ANYONE hurt her once, she will
remember it to the end of her life. As far as Simon was concerned, she never
liked to be a slave, however, if Sarit would ask: she will agree immediately to
please her lover.

For the 1st time since they met, Sarit saw that Simon had a very mean side as
she forced the broken-will candy to whip bitch. Not only that. In order of
making sure that candy will whip hard, Simon stood next to her with a cattle
prod and shocked poor candy when she was softer then what Simon wanted.
Furthermore: the screams of candy and bitch actually gave Simon and Sarit an
orgasm.

Once the whipping process was over, Simon replaced the whip with a fly squashier
and forced candy to use it for another 5 minutes. Once the 5 minutes were over,
Simon took a break and forced candy to lick her pussy after she set on the sift
chair. Candy, who had a chain linked to her pierced nipples and suffered from
it, licked Simon.

After a few orgasms, candy's wish came true. However, Simon informed her:
"listen up slut! If you don't want to get a shorter chain between your balloons,
you better do as I say. If you'll dawdle even once, you'll be in troubles.
Understood?"

"Yes mistress." Candy answered with her new high pitched voice.

"Now slut: take this prod and start to shock bitch!" Simon ordered with stern
voice, and candy obeyed with tears in her eyes. Then as the screams continued,
Simon to the locked doors and took the kea. Once she finished with that task,
Simon placed 12" dildo under the ass and pussy of each slave who worked on
Sarit.

When she finished, Simon forced the slaves to slaves to fuck themselves as they
did the humiliating chores.

* * * * * * * * *
Anne looked at her computer monitor. She just finished looking at Miki and the
girls remaining with her, when she decided to look at the cult. Since getting
ground to worship in Anne's ranch, the cult became the guardians of the ranch,
and every attempt to escape was spoiled by them. However, both Anne and the cult
agreed to some terms which included surveillance cameras.

As she looked, Anne saw the leader of the cult, Asmodea, who set in her chair
under a statue of Anne. At the feet of her chair, was her slave Camilla. The
poor blonde looked abused. Then after a few minutes, Asmodea raised her hand and
the slaves of the cult were marched into the room through a door at the side of
the hall.




Once the slaves stood infront of the laughing Asmodea, they said in unison: "we:
Herculea, Rachel, Purity, Summer Breeze, Uhurutu, and Mei Ling, slaves of the
honorable cult give our: bodies, souls and wills to the cult and mistress Anne.
We want to be tortured to show our respect to our owners. Our only purposes in
life are: to worship Mistress Anne and being tortured for the success of the
cult."

Once the slaves finished, Sluttina, who was the woman who whipped them in, took
of the chains, and threw her slave (Mei ling) to the floor as the rest went to
their owners. Once she was on the floor, Mei Ling suffered the worst abuse, as
Sluttina raped the trembling slave with the iron shod toe of her boot. Next to
them was Summer-breeze, who humbly kissed her owner's, Assassinina's boots. In
her hand, Assassinina was covered with black paint, and was considered as number
3 after Anne who was number 1, and Asmodea who was number 2.

In her hand, Assassinina held her fork which she used to force summer to work
harder.




In the other side of the room, Brutalia took great delight in grinding the once
proud Herculea's face against her crotch, as the red-haired slave gagged in
shock and disgust. Next to them was Dildy-Do who forced Rachel to suck her boo,
while her fork was on the slave's stomach.




Next was Viciousella who displayed the stately and dignified Urhurutu (the
Afro-American) in an especially humiliating manner to her Mistress, Asmodea, who
left her chair after attaching Camilla's chains to a ring in her chair. Next
Asmodea was well pleased by the luxuriant fullness of buxom, brown haired
Purity's swelling bosom.




Meanwhile in another room, Morganna who came for a visit. Morganna, who received
Ulrica, tied the helpless slave's hands behind her back with a chain.



As Morganna finished binding her, Ulrica glanced, apprehensively, about her. She
saw Morganna had placed her, so she was kneeling directly beneath a stout rod
attached to a pulley device.  As soon as her prisoner was secured, Morganna
turned a crank on the pulley, lowering the rod to within a few inches of
Ulrica's head. 

She roughly seized a blonde braid, and swiftly bound it to the rod, and did the
same to the other.



Despite her resolve, Ulrica sniffled a little in apprehension.  Her apprehension
was well founded, for when Morganna began to crank the rod upward, the tall
General-slave was slowly raised to her feet, then to her tiptoes, until finally
her dangling feet, left the floor entirely. As her booted toes scrabbled
frantically for purchase, the pain in her head became atrocious. Ulrica cried
out in her terrible distress, forgetting, under the Giant's spell, her warrior's
honor to the extent of begging Morganna to let her down.  Of course, the evil
witch only laughed at those pitiful pleas.



Once Ulrica was dangling, in helpless torment, Morganna retrieved her vicious
whip. 

"Now we can finish breaking you in, properly!"  She chortled, as she proceeded
to lustily slash the whip across Ulrica's already well punished backside.  The
unfortunate slave continued to beg the witch for mercy; her piteous cries
falling on deaf ears, or perhaps more accurately, on ears that delighted in
them.



* * * * * * * *
Poor Laura did her Laundry detail by hand, when she saw three strange girls
looking at her. As a convicted slave, poor Laura was forced by her mistress to
wash cloths by hands, and even to dry them. There were no: laundry machine or
drier allowed. Suddenly Laura remembered that Anne talked about other women who
like Ulrica were sentenced to be her slave, maybe those girls and the bold woman
she saw earlier was them.



Laura just finished washing the last shirt which Anne owned, when two girls
jumped on her. The girls led her to the hand drier where they mashed the poor
slave's tits.







The end of part_27a.

The permissions:

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW.
2. Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW. 
3. Rosy was taken from the stories: "Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson"
by GW.
4. Cynthia (power miss) was taken from the stories: "Fraulein Power's Trophies",
"Latin Holiday" and "Fraulein Power" by GW.
5. Herculea, Rachel, Purity, Summer Breeze, Uhurutu, Mei Ling and Camilla were
taken form the story: "Between Heaven and Hell" by GW.
6. U. N. Secretary General Elizabeth Wu, US President Simpson, and Ultrafemme
were taken from the stories: "First Encounter" and "Second Encounter" where they
join by "laser cat" by GW.
2. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: "Bimbo Dot Com", Brenda
Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black were taken
from the story: "What Men Look for in Women", and Jamie was taken from the
story: "Jamie's new job", Mia, Dana and Sara were taken from the story: you bet
your brain" by MrGray. ALL of the characters are being used with the author's
permission.
3. Barbie\Barbara Derman and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat"
by Musker, Ms. Waneright Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Dr. Stein and Karol were
taken from the story: Omens - a Halloween tale and it sequels by Musker and ALL
of them are being used with Musker's permission.
4. Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
5. Charlotte and Sherri were taken from the story: "Charlotte" by Parker,
Christina was taken from the story: "Christina" by Parker, Barbie Dahl was taken
from the story: "Career Opportunities" by Parker, Jen-Jen was taken from the
story: "Pool party" by Parker, Jennifer and Karen were taken from the story: 
"Dear diary" by Parker and Squealer was taken from the story: Squealer" by
parker. All of the characters are being used with Parker's permission and that
story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories.
6. Donna Stanton and Emily Johnson were taken from the story: "Becoming her
maid" by Jackpot, and Stacy Erickson taken from the story: "Social security
slut" by Jackpot. All of them are used with the permission of Jackpot.
7. Barbie\Sarah and her husband, sport, were taken from the story "Surrendering
Sarah" and they are used with the permission of the author: Night_Writer and
just like Parker and the mayor's case: that story is NOT a sequel to the story.
8. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
9. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, and used
with her permission.
10. Itty-Bitty was taken from the story: "Itty-Bitty" by Marlissa, and used with
the author's permission.
11. Anne (not Smith) was taken from the story: Cheerleader Picture by Ninja
Turtle.




From a mayor to a slave, part 27b
By the outsider
Anne's newest slaves, Sarit's friend and more.

Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy.

2. ALL of the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel
to any of the stories or the comics which I borrowed characters from. 

3. All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca,
in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and it is used for MY personal use ONLY.

4. The pictures in this chapter are used with GW's permission.

Part_27b.

Anne relaxed at her office next to her desk. However, Anne was not alone. Even
though she sent Ulrica to help Deirdre with the table, she was with her two,
well disciplined and domesticated pets, Margaret and Fleur Van-Pelt, as they
assisted her to dress. Once the Van-Pelts used to be billionaires, but now they
were reduced to nothing after they lost EVERYTHING to their ex-mistress 3 years
ago.

Both slaves were trained by their ex-mistress, who exchanged them in return for
2 slaves of Anne's choice. Other then that, the only condition that Ada gave in
if she wants the large, gorgeous, and muscled women (who were, and remained
nude) was; that Anne won't get their money as well. Anne loved those slaves: one
a sweet, young blonde, the other an equally beautiful, though more mature
redhead, crouched miserably at Anne's flat-feet performing menial tasks for her
gratification.

Anne gripped their leashes tightly, although she knew that even if one escaped,
she would track her down easily, enough, now that she wore a Solar-Ruby round
her neck.



As the helpless slave sobbed in misery, Anne looked at her monitor which showed
the main page at her site. Anne took her mouse with her small, silky hand and
clicked on: "Beletiva." The computer then opens a box which said: "please wait
mistress", and a few seconds later the page open. It started with Beletiva tied
to the ceiling with welts across her back and ass. The poor slave waited for her
trainer, Beverley Tisdale, who agreed to work for Anne in return of time to play
with her own slave, Pinky (not the ex-mayor, she is working as a cleaner in
Maria's salon at the day time, and her sex-slave by night).

Thank to the microphones which Anne placed in each cell, she could hear
everything from the slave's voice to her heart bit. Other then that, her long,
glossy, golden hair tied back with an old rag.



At last after one year of fighting her, poor Beletiva virtually became no more
than Anne's persecuted, servile handmaiden. Barefooted, a dog collar round her
once stiff neck, her divine, womanly nakedness covered with naught but a dirty,
castoff, loincloth, she obediently served her cruel mistress in all things.

There was no task, no matter how vilely disgusting and demeaning, that Anne
didn't compel her unfortunate, divine handmaiden to perform. In truth, Anne
(like Erishka), delighted in degrading and abusing her divine captive, and went
out of her way to find such tasks. Daintily fastidious, even for Beletiva found
the most repugnant and abhorrent of her duties, to be that of collecting and
emptying the odorous, chamber pots of her trollish masters, each morning. 

Yet, even that disgusting task, Beletiva learned to carry out with becoming
obedience to her cruel mistress.




Anne's ranch was not far from a ruins of an old temple, and sometimes, as the
shamed, despairing slave stole furtively from a lowly side entrance of the
temple, that was once her own, with a troll's chamber pot in hand, a tear would
fall from the Beletiva's eye in memory of other times.  Then, she would creep
hurriedly back inside, lest she anger her harsh mistress, by overlong absence.

Just then as poor Beletiva cried in despair, the door was opened and in came:
Beverly with her slave, Pinky, who crawled next to her as she was led to her can
from which she ate, and drank. To those who knew her (Anne is included), it was
very hard to believe that commissioner Dorothy "Dot" Andrews was reduced to
being nothing more then a trained bitch.






Meanwhile in another room, Sarit watched as her friend from New-York City, Lora
Smith, went into the room with her slave, and ex-boyfriend: Jim S. Montgomery.
Poor Jim tied to her ass by his face. As she walked, Lora was whipping his ass
with a black riding crop. Over his neck, poor Jim had a Collar was wide and
stiff, arching his neck backwards painfully forcing his head up!

The Shoulder Harness fastened securely to a narrow belt at Lora's waist,
supporting his weight and keeping him bent sharply forward.  And the
Head-Harness pulled his face firmly forward between Lora's soft bottom- cheeks
and held it there! Poor Jim moaned in misery.



To think that he used to be her boyfriend until she caught him having an affair.

Once Lora found out about the affair, Lora was furious. Not only that she was an
orphan, but her boyfriend betrayed her. Poor Lora was a wrack when she met
Sarit, Simon and her friend: Kawai black-sky and her slave, Bambi no-brain at
the: "S. C. F. O. Y. M." which was a special international club which Sarit took
part of as she was both: an orphan AND a mistress.

So after writing Lora's name as a mistress, it was time for Lora to choose her
way: Lesbian, bisexual or straight. As much as Sarit and Kawai hoped, Lora's
choice was to be a STREIGHT mistress. Even though Lora's choice broke their
harts, both Sari and Kawai accepted her as one of their own. However, they
couldn't help her because she was not in their category, so Sarit arranged a
meeting between Lora and another New-Yorker called: Sue Lynn Yang who was a
proud bisexual dominatrix who could break anybody, and she taught Lora her ways.

When Lora returned to New-York, she did as Sue taught her; and got a strong
slave that will do her bidding without ANY arguments.

* * * * * *
Anne set in her office with Ulrica's tongue laboring inside her pussy, as Milky
kneeled under the desk. On her part, Anne finished looking at Elsie stood behind
a plow which was pulled by Laura. Over the last few hours, poor Laura was:
fucked by a horse after giving him a hand-job, thrown to the trash, and used as
a hammer to break rocks.

However, now she was forced to pull a plow as she is whipped by that brat.



Then as Anne went to look on another slave, Elsie forced Laura to remove her
shirt and work topless over a pile of manure. Poor Laura seemed very distracted,
and her mind was in a mess as she the ONLY thing that she could think of was:
what will be next? For the 1st time: sow and Betty were not on her mind.



However, Laura was not the only one shoveling manure. On the other side of the
stables was the naked Hilda, who was inspected by the smiling Diana (AKA Dita
Jr.), who had a big smile across her face. She knew who Hilda was, however, it
didn't stop her. Infect, that fact only convinced her to be harsher.



Not far from Hilda, in Eeyore's stall was sow on her hands and knees scooping
manure with her hands to a basket with Wendy making sure that she won't take a
break.



Then Anne turned to watch at the picture of her newest slave, ex FBI agent Dina
Patrick, who was dressed in a new version of her ONCE proud outfit of: "dark
night". The helpless slave was captured by Anne's friend, Juanita, after she
tried to save president Milly's 2 years ago. Dina almost reached the
boarder-line when the local police came and arrested her for kidnapping.

Milly's sister protested from the other side of the boarder, however, it was for
no avail and Dina was taken struggling and handcuffed to a nearby police unit.
Once in the unit, she saw that the cops began to laugh as they drove away. Poor
Dina heard words like: "puta", "La casa putas" which was a local whorehouse not
far from Juanita's ranch in which she worked for an-entire year with that
outfit.

Suddenly a few 12 kilometers after the highway, the car stopped and the two
"officers" informed her who they were before they re-arranged her outfit.

Today poor Dina became the biggest attraction at the site, now that Moesha was
no longer a part of the site. Poor Dinah's outfit was changed as: her Pussy and
tits were bare. Her jacket was reduced to a little shirt which showed more then
it covered. For a final humiliation, Anne bleached ALL of her hairs to give her
a dumb and cheap look.



Then, Anne clicked on the picture, and arrived just in time to see her slave
sucking like a professional over her client's cock. Once Dina finished, the man
began to fuck her as Anne turned of her Monitor.







Once the Monitor was off, Anne looked at: Cathy and Milky who had sex together.

Meanwhile, Simon kicked her naked and crawling slave, "Mistress Bitch" as she
led her around the ranch. Simon just loved to see her former mistress so
helpless, especially when her scared leg bothered her. Whenever she looked at
her right leg, Simon remembered how that evil bitch took a knife and slashed it
all the way from her hip to her knee. She could still hear her screams, as that
evil woman informed her: "you see slut: you are damaged merchandise. That means
that you will never be free, as NO one would like to have a slave with that scar
on her leg. Once Sarit will see it, she will send you back to me." (For more,
please wait to: Sarit letters, Part_3)

Simon (who was a submissive-masochist) never minded that she was abused by
Sarit, because she loved her. However, her ex-mistress was another issue. Simon
hated that woman, and now after Sarit gave her to Simon as a present to her
birthday: no one (accept for Sarit) was able to stop Simon.

Maybe not even Sarit.

When Sarit saw the scar, she took Simon to see Anne's uncle Mark, who was forced
by Anne's blackmail to help them. He checked Simon for an entire hour before
sending her to an x-ray, as he wanted to be sure that he was right. Once the
x-ray arrived, they saw that Simon's nerves were slashed as well.

Sarit tried to speak with Simon's parents, who refused to help. However, after a
little check: Simon got a donation of nerves from none other then: Sarit. Since
then Simon her attitude toward Sarit was changed for the better, while her heart
became full with hate toward her previous mistress.

Once Simon stopped kicking her slave, she saw Sarit holding a leash which was
attached to the collar of a crawling brunette. The helpless brunette only wore:
a pair of stockings, and opera gloves which reminded a cow, and on her head was
resting a bow with the same colors. When Sarit was next to Simon, they decided
to sit on a bench, and to allow each slave to lick her mistress.

"Who's that slut?" Simon asked, pointing at he brunette.

"That's Melissa. You know, she is Cathy's daughter. Mommy gave her to me as a
present to celebrate 2 years since I entered into her life. You have nothing to
worry about Simon; she is MY slave and NOTHING else." Sarit answered smiling, as
she gently placed her hand on Simon's right thigh. She knew that Simon was very
jealous submissive. However, Sarit knew that Simon won't harm Melissa, as long
as the later won't do anything to upset Sarit.

As far as Simon was concern; the only person who she wanted to harm was: bitch.

* * * * * *
"M-Master Ororro, I want to thank you for saying caddish over my parent's
graves." Sarit said just before she fell of her feet, as they got into the room.
Luckily for Sarit, both Suki and Simon were there to catch her.

"That's okay my child. What Anne wants, Anne gets." The old Japanese man
answered, as he put his hand over the little girl's slander shoulders.

"I want to thank you as well, master Ororro." Anne said as she bowed.

"You welcome Anne. Now if it is alright by you, I would like to have some time
with my beloved granddaughter." The man answered as he walked with Suki out of
the room. Then just as Anne inspected her maids; Ulrica and Deirdre who just
finished cleaning the table, Sarit stood next to her and looked as well. Once
the inspection was over, Anne stood behind Ulrica.



Then Anne reached her right hand to Ulrica's right tit, and began to play with
it. As Ulrica began to moan, Anne reached her left hand under the frilly skirt,
to Ulrica's pussy and began to play with it. Now as Ulrica begged that Anne
would allow her to cum, Anne said: "you're NOT allowed to cum bitch. Look at
you; you used to be such a respected woman as a DA. However, now you are nothing
but a little slut. Say it!"

"I... (Moan...) u-used... MMMM.... T-to be... HOOOOOOOOOOOO... s-such... a
res... OOO... HO... OOOH... respected woman..." poor Ulrica tried to say... For
no avail.

"That's okay dear. I know what you are. Now Sarit, I have a 2nd present for you
and Simon: the "people's ass" right here." Anne said as she kicked Deirdre's
ass. Poor Deirdre rubbed her sore ass, before she went to Sarit and took her
coat. Once the coat was of, EVERYONE in the room saw that even though Sarit was
dressed in a very conservative outfit, her body was still shown. Every curve of
her gorgeous body was shown, and she was proud of that.

"Thank you mommy... for everything." Sarit said before she ran to Anne, and gave
her a big hug and a few kisses. Then Simon and Sarit dragged Deirdre, while Anne
stopped and forced Ulrica to lick her fingers. Once Ulrica finished, Anne
grabbed her ear and dragged her to the office. In her office, Anne forced the
sobbing blonde to strip for her as she danced for her.

Once in her room, Sarit dressed Deirdre in the shreds of her former costume.
Once finished, Sarit change to a more "comfortable" outfit which included:
yellow boots, tight shorts and a nice vest. This outfit was Simon's favorite
because it took Simon less time to strip her dominatrix with her mouth. Not only
that Simon was a submissive and masochist, but when she was with Sarit something
came over her. As if she needed the humiliation, and also the pain.

Simon who used to be very conservative, never liked to see her blood. However,
she liked it when she was dominated by Sarit.

Then Sarit said as she threw an old rug over Deirdre's shoulders: "now slut, I
always wanted to own an heroine such as you. So from now on you'll respond to
the name "Justy", and to that name alone, understood?"

"Yes mistress." Justy answered before Sarit shoved her to the bathroom.



Once in the shower, Sarit informed her new slave: "from now on, you'll do the
most: degrading and demeaning tasks that I'll be able to think about. You see
Justy, over the last few months I looked at Simon. And I have to admit that I
learned a lot from her. For example: each time when I will wake up, you'll be
under the blankets licking my pussy. Don't worry about your bush. I talked with
Anne who decided to let ALL of her slaves to grow that. However, I have terrible
news for you: I talked with Anne, and we decided to divide you and Slut. But
there is also a good news: I'm in charge of letting you two it slut, look at
that picture. That's Geri talking with Morganna, and I'm going to be in her
place. Besides, I have the same sizes which Geri used to have, so I think that
I'll have a little chat with her. Maybe she will lend me some of her wonderful
outfits."

Then as Justy looked, she saw a picture from the day in which Laura became a
slave. She remembered when the picture was taken. It was only a day after Geri
brought Anne and Lisa to the clinic. Anne set at the table after she cleaned her
and Wendy's room, when she saw Geri coming in and feeding their "livestock".
Morganna came later, and was furious that Anne did that. However, after Anne
explained that not doing anything would make her feel worst, Morganna calmed
down.



Once Justy calmed down, Sarit got naked and both went into the shower.

A little while later, Sarit and Deirdre went out of the shower with Sarit
wearing 2 towels. The 1st towel was wrapped around her body, while the other was
wrapped around her waist. In the bedroom, Sarit saw that Simon wore her domestic
outfit which included: black princess collar, leather harness, as well as a pair
of 5" leather boots. Her hair was held in black pigtails, and she had a
cherry-red lipstick over her lips.

Simon's face was almost as white as a ghost. Each of her cheeks had pink spot of
rogue. Her eye-leads had pinkish eyeshadow over them. In short, Simon's makeup
and look matched Sarit taste. Behind Simon Sarit could see that: Melissa, bitch
and Candy were in the cages and that Simon waited for her.

Then just as Simon went to the bed, Sarit led Deirdre to a cage. Once the cow
was stuffed to the cage, Sarit closed the door. Once the door was closed, Sarit
locked it and went to have sex with Sarit as curtains were lowered over the
cages. Over the last 2 years since her arrival, Sarit mourned the death of her
parents, and now it was time to try and move on.

* * * * * * * *
Anne looked at her monitor to check on poor Cynthia. Cynthia was dressed in red
body suit was made of some other material, and it lacked strategic material at
bust and crotch. Next to her stood her new trainer, Mistress Gerda Jr. who had
added a few adornments as well, net stockings and red and yellow garters, to be
worn with her jaunty red and yellow boots.

Mistress Gerda seemed to be very upset, as poor Cynthia broke one of the bottles
which contained Anne's most favorite perfume. The only thing which Gerda feared
was Anne's retaliation so her retribution was forced to be swift and merciless,
and it all started with a fist to the face.





As Cynthia tottered on uncertain legs, hardly able to stand after the deadly
punch, Gerda glanced at the toilet Cynthia had been diligently cleaning:
"You call zat klean, you filzy zlut! I vill zhow you klean!" The Nazi shouted.
"I vill zhow you how to klean a toilet ze righdt vay!"

Gerda seized the unfortunate, unpaid maid of all work by the hair. Cynthia was
larger and actually stronger than Gerda, even now, but the time with Anne and
Gerda had totally re-broken her, torn the heart and courage from her bosom. She
no longer dared to oppose her vile Mistress, or trainer. Screaming in terror,
Cynthia made no resistance as Gerda propelled her to the toilet, and upended her
large shapely body.







Once the ordeal was over, Cynthia dried her long brown hair. Then she cleaned up
the spilled shampoo. She cleaned the toilet twice more, with special diligence,
before she went on to finish the rest of her chores. By then, Gerda was
comfortably ensconced in her easy chair guffawing at the television comedy.

"Ach! Zat Lucy ist zo ztupdt, like all zeze Yankee zlutz!" Disciplining her
underlings always put the blonde Dominatrix in good mood!

Watching the tiny picture tube in semi darkness, as she relaxed, Gerda became
drowsy and began to doze off in the chair.

"Ach time vor bedt!" She muttered to the unfortunate Cynthia who had finally
finished her cleaning chores.

"Gerda is tiredt Zlut, I haff a big day tomorrow!" The evil bully drowzily told
her slave. "I muzdt attend ze servizez vor your liddle vriend!"

Cynthia gasped at the reminder, almost sobbing, in remorse.

"Ja, ja! Neffer mindt her! Zhe gott vat vas kommink to her! You only haff to
vorry about Anne!  Ach! Vere vas I?  JA, I know!  Ven I vaz a child, zometimez,
I vould zneak mein liddle doggy into my room adt night!  Brunhilde vas her name,
budt I calledt her Brunie, und she vould lick my toes vile I vent to zleep. Id
vas zo zoosink! Tonight, you vill be mein liddle Brunie!"

Cynthia at a gesture apathetically followed her Mistress into the bedroom. She
knew she could hardly sink any lower. Gerda ordered her to remove her boots.



"Now, Mein liddle Brunie, lick mein toes!" Gerda commanded as Cynthia, who was
already on her knees, dolefully carried out her trainer's newest degrading
command. However, now she just knew that Anne won't allow her to forget her new
name, as a collar was already made. Unfortunately for Cynthia, a collar was not
the only thought in Anne's mind.









Then after Gerda fell into a deep sleep, Cynthia stopped sucking and went to do
her tasks.

Meanwhile in another room, Mitzi watched from her bed as Lisa tied "thing" to a
st. Matthew's cross. Once Lisa finished, she attached a chain to each of the
slave-bracelets which were over "thing's" ankles. When it was over, Lisa pressed
on a button on the wall, and as "thing's" legs rose, Lisa informed Mitzi: "my
dear Lora. I'm very sorry, but since you are sick, I will have to torture Suzie
here. Please forgive me." before she pressed on the button again, and "thing's"
legs stopped in a straight line of his\her stomach.

Then as poor "thing" begged for mercy, Lisa took a cloths-pin and clipped it
over is nose. By doing so, Lisa forced "thing" (who tried to resist) to breathe
through his mouth, and canceled ANY options for him to use his mouth. Even when
she will begin to torture "ting", he'll have to breathe through his screams.

Once it was over, Lisa took another step to shut her slave. That step was to
shove a ring-gag into his mouth and secure it.  Then when it was all set, Lisa
attached a very short chain to each of the rings "thing's" pierced nipples which
connected them, and another one which pulled them apart as it went behind his
neck.

Next Lisa attached a special cattle-prod to the chain which was connected to
"thing's" clit. Once Lisa finished, she informed "thing" (almost as if Mitzi was
not in the room): "tell me Suzie; do you remember "21"? Well, that prod is an
improved version of it AND it is set to shock you EVERY 21 seconds. Now we shell
you see how YOU like it when YOUR clit is shocked by those cursed 21 seconds.
However, YOU have a problem. When I was younger; I had the chance to breathe
when I screamed. HOWEVER, you on the other hand will have to choose what is more
important. What is more important: screaming or breathing? You used to be so
smart back then, so I KNOW that you will choose wisely. After all: you are
breathing instead of screaming. And remember: my "tits" were always BIGGER then
yours."

Suddenly just as Lisa finished, "thing" was shocked for the amusement of Lisa.
She just loved the way in which he helplessly kicked in the hair and tried to
escape. Poor "thing" remembered that once Lisa said when he came to see HIS 3
year old girl: "You know Anna: BOTH of us have the memory of a Bedui. If someone
would humiliate or injure US, then WE will remember that until the last day of
OUR lives."

* * * * * * * *
"So Yael, please remind me, YOUR mistress: what was it YOU informed ME about
SARIT?" Anne said as she stood up, after she rode the stunning, black woman who
was dressed in a 'training corset'. Yael was humiliated as she was forced to be
on her hands and knees at her feet, and sobbed behind her tape-gag which had a
smile on it. Poor Yael's hair was smooth, short haircut helmet like hairdo. Both
of her cheeks were bare, and her pierced face was visible.

Then Anne roughly pulled the tape-gag from Yael's mouth, and listened to the
slave's scream. Once Yael calmed down, she said: "I came over here 2 years ago
to get Sarit. Once back in Israel, she was supposed to be my "maid... Mistress
Anne."

"Look slave, I know what you thing about me. I also know that you never liked my
connections with Gabi and Gali. However, I am your mistress now, and as my
slave: you became very obedient. Look at you; former sergeant at the army,
doctorate in history, and yet you don't remember what I always said: 'a victory
is NOT the important thing - it's the only thing.' Is it possible that me the:
'shaved-pussy-bimbo-with-gigantic-tits' actually smarter then 'miss feminist'?
Is it slave?" Anne said with a smile, as she placed her feet infront of Yael,
who wanted to say something. Once Yael tried to open her mouth, and kicked her
left boob, and that was when the slave began to lick her mistress's shoes.

"Now; I know that you are the youngest. You know Yael: I fine it very amusing
that you are in Sarit's age, and the gentle creature needed to call you:
'aunty', however, now you calls are: 'mistress', kiss her feet and doing what
she wants you to. Now slave, your family were all perverts. For example; your
uncle and father tried to RAPE: me. That is why the age issue deference between:
you and Sarit, simply doesn't come into play, and doesn't surprise me. It is
only ANOTHER issue that as Sarit's LEAGEL and ONLY was used by ME to keep
Sarit's here with me. We fought HERE and in ISRAEL, your territory, and you
lost. However, you never accepted the courts decisions, and that is why you
tried to KIDNAP Sarit. But that didn't work thanks to Simon, and since then you
are my slave. Now let's take you to your cage." Anne informed her slave, before
she striped Yael and led her to a cage. Once Yael was in the cage, Anne locked
her, and continued with her daily schedule.

The next business on Anne's schedule was Keisha who was dressed in her 60's
outfit, and slowly walked toward Anne. Latifa did an excellent job as she
totally destroyed EVERY last shred of memory regarding Moesha. As Keisha walked
to her mistress, Anne, after she was left at the office by her "best friend",
Latifa, the 1st saw how the later taught Keisha to wiggle her ass like a
professional as she walked.

Once Keisha reached Anne, she hugged her "mentor" and declared: "like, I kinda
want to have sex... and stuff with you, mistress."

"Keisha, we know each other since we were kids. However, because you have the
'peter-pen syndrome' and never grew up after your parents were killed in the
fire; I had to take care of you. Now Keisha, I know how Moesha meant for you.
But you must let her grow... I know that she would like to see you moving on
with your life. So from now on, please call me Anne. Can you please call me
Anne?" Anne asked with a "sad" look on her face, however, she didn't raise her
voice like she did on other slaves.

"Please don't be upset, Anne. I won't call you mistress again." Keisha replied
as she tried to choke a tear. Suddenly, without any words; Keisha: licked,
hugged and kissed Anne in a very erotic manor. In Keisha's eyes, Anne could see
lust. It was a lust with such a pettion like Anne NEVER saw or felt before. Sure
lots of women, and men ran after her, but she saw that look only in Latifa's
eyes and she liked it.

Now with that smile on Moesha\Keisha's face; Anne knew that she got her, and
that Moesha is HISTORY.

A few minutes later, once Keisha broke the hug; Anne told her: "you know that
there is a way in which you will be able to make it up to me. But I don't think
that you would like that, Keisha."

"WHAT IS IT ANNE? I WILL DO EVERYTHING..." Keisha screamed helplessly, wanting
to know.

"Well Keisha; let us start with you getting under the table. Once there I want
you to place your head under my skirt. Then I want you to move my panties and
start to lick my pussy. Do it slow and worked from the outside in. in other
words: I want you to 1st of all lick my pussy lips. Then I want you to get
inside when I will pet your head. If you'll be good, then I will take you to the
2nd base." Anne said with a smile, as Keisha began to pant. The 2nd base meant
that she will be able to lick Anne's ass, which was so sweet for her.

However, Anne was not in a rush. She would make Keisha to sweat before that will
happen. Then as Keisha did as she was told, Anne looked to her right where:
"Ultrafemme", Milly and Liz were tied up by their wrists to ropes which ran down
from the ceiling. Not like in the last trip to their former cells: each one was
dressed just like in the horrible day in which they were kidnapped. Each slave
also had a black dildo in her pussy.



Once the last captive (Milly) talked, Anne told Ulrica who stood there sobbing
at the look of her pierced body: "WODDEN: 1st of all I want you to tie dear
Milly. Then I want you to get remove tramp's mask, and get her ready for her
sex-time with "kitten" as Dyssi calls her now!"  When Anne finished, Ulrica did
as she was told. It took her a little while, however, she finished to attach
tramp's collar of extraterrestrial origin around her neck.

Once Ulrica finished, there was a knock on the door, and there were Dyssi and
Kitten.




It took "Kitten" some time to grasp what Anne wanted, but with a little hypnosis
everything was clear.




Once EVERYTHING was clear, Dyssi placed Anne's phallus over "Kitten's" thighs,
and the fun began, as brutalizes her erstwhile friend and comrade, Ultrafemme!
Oh this is just too shocking!"










The end of part_27a.

The permissions:

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW.
2. Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW. 
3. Rosy was taken from the stories: "Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson"
by GW.
4. Cynthia (power miss) was taken from the stories: "Fraulein Power's Trophies",
"Latin Holiday" and "Fraulein Power" by GW.
5. Herculea, Rachel, Purity, Summer Breeze, Uhurutu, Mei Ling and Camilla were
taken form the story: "Between Heaven and Hell" by GW.
6. U. N. Secretary General Elizabeth Wu, US President Simpson, and Ultrafemme
were taken from the stories: "First Encounter" and "Second Encounter" where they
join by "laser cat" by GW.
2. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: "Bimbo Dot Com", Brenda
Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black were taken
from the story: "What Men Look for in Women", and Jamie was taken from the
story: "Jamie's new job", Mia, Dana and Sara were taken from the story: you bet
your brain" by MrGray. ALL of the characters are being used with the author's
permission.
3. Barbie\Barbara Derman and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat"
by Musker, Ms. Waneright Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Dr. Stein and Karol were
taken from the story: Omens - a Halloween tale and it sequels by Musker and ALL
of them are being used with Musker's permission.
4. Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
5. Charlotte and Sherri were taken from the story: "Charlotte" by Parker,
Christina was taken from the story: "Christina" by Parker, Barbie Dahl was taken
from the story: "Career Opportunities" by Parker, Jen-Jen was taken from the
story: "Pool party" by Parker, Jennifer and Karen were taken from the story: 
"Dear diary" by Parker and Squealer was taken from the story: Squealer" by
parker. All of the characters are being used with Parker's permission and that
story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories.
7. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
8. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, and used
with her permission.
9. Anne (not Smith) was taken from the story: Cheerleader Picture by Ninja
Turtle.




From a mayor to a slave, part 27c
By the outsider
Anne's newest slaves, Simon's freedom and more.

Author's Note:

1. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy.

2. ALL of the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel
to any of the stories or the comics which I borrowed characters from. 

3. All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca,
in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and it is used for MY personal use ONLY.

4. The pictures in this chapter are used with GW's permission.

Part_27c - raggedy Anne and the warden.

A taxi stopped out of the borders of the "Raggedy Anne" ranch, and out of it
came two women. The 1st woman was a brown-haired woman dressed in Blue
evening-gown with a generous neck-line. The brown-haired woman dragged a
helpless blonde who was dressed in: pink mules, white knee-high dress and tight,
pink top which her nipples were visible through the fabric.

Once the blonde paid the driver (and begged with her eyes for help), her partner
dragged her to the main building where; Anne was having sex with Sarit (as it
was time for Sarit's weekly training). Now that Sarit was an adult (for better,
and worst), Anne was able to teach the eager young woman ALL of her tricks, and
Sarit learned well.

On the way, the brown-haired informed the sobbing blonde: "now Edie; you are
about to pay for what happened to me once I will turn you into my
mistress\lawyer's hands. As far as I know, Mistress Anne is working in the
'trainer system.' What it means is that you'll get a mistress that will boss you
around, and when she doesn't; 'Miss Ruthy' and I will get you. Can you say:
Mistress Anne?"

"Y-yes... (Sob...) Miss Vera." Edie answered.



After a few minutes, they reached the door which was opened by a strange looking
blonde... sex-dolls. The doll wore a full body outfit in a creamy color. The
woman's hair was long, and pulled out of a little hole in the tip of her outfit.
Over her "DD" tits, the woman had an over sized areola and nipples.

The look on the doll's face was: delightfully stupid and quite happy.

Other then that, the blonde wore: 9" leather heels, tight leather catsuit which
left her tits bare. Over her waist, the maid wore: mini flirt skirt made of
leather which showed that the outfit was crouch-less, white mini-apron,
lace-neckpiece, lace headpiece and naughty maid duster. Other then that; her
face was covered with makeup, she had a doily maid's cap and her mouth was busy
as she chewed gum.

Once the door was fully opened, the "maid" said: "Hey visitors. Like I'm Barbie
Dumb, Mistress Anne's personal maid, like how may I kinda help you and stuff?"

"I'm Mistress Anne's slave. My name is: Miss Vera and that is my gift for my
beloved Mistress." Vera replied, after she calmed down as she saw the doll's
mouth being opened as she talked. In this outfit, the slave was able to talk as
the outfit was conditioned to become the slave's "skin" for good. Over the last
6 months since returning to the outfit, Barbie was trained to actually live in
it. The outfit didn't ended with the full body "skin", but it also lasted with
several attachments.

"Ho like, is that the new secretary, Miss Cow?" Barbie asked.

"Yes Barbie. Her name is: Edith Cow." Vera replied.

"Like, please go to room #5 and stuff. Like, that is where you'll kinda fine
your wardrobe miss Vera." Barbie said as she pointed at the stairs, and looked
as Vera went up the stairs.

Once Vera was out of sight, Barbie told Edie with her dumb expression: "like,
follow me."

Barbie led Edie to Anne's office, where she told: "like, the mistress will be
with you soon. But 1st: strip!" before she left the helpless blonde in the room.
Once Barbie was out of the office, she locked the door. Back in the room; the
broken blonde stripped and waited for her mistress, who came after a few minutes
naked.

On her face, Anne had a pleasant smile as she said: "so, you are Edie. I'm your
mistress, and so it means that you'll refer to me as: Mistress Anne. For EVERY
mistake you'll be punished. Now it is time y'll become my slave, so sit at that
table and write what I say!"

Once Anne finished, she looked at her slave who became very hot from the way
that Anne treated her.



Once Eddie was comfortable, Anne said as the naked woman sobbed quietly: "I
Edith 'Edie' Peterson, with a clear mind appoint Anne-Smith to be my; mistress
and legal-guardian. I can't make ANY decisions by myself. I relinquish EVERY
claim for freedom as I was the responsible for my best prisoner's, Vera
Suwicki's, punishment... because of my mistakes.

Warden Rivera's, my successor, act against Miss Suwicki was unpleasant,
something she thought she'd never do or countenance. She searched through the
warden's desk until she found an old key that hadn't been used in years. She
hated doing this, but it had to be done; this was an emergency! Inez gathered
three of the biggest toughest guards armed with truncheons, and without warning
they swooped down on Vera, and dragged her to the subbasement of the oldest
Prison building.

Before Inez could stop them, the guards, their anger simmering for too long,
beat Vera savagely, before throwing her into the tiny airless room, that in the
bad old days was known as 'the hole'.

A month later, a sadly diminished Vera emerged from the awful confinement. She'd
never be the same woman again, or occupy the same position in the prison.  In
her absence the inmate pecking order had changed drastically. Despite losing her
cushy secretarial job, Ruthy had a catlike ability to land on her feet. While
Vera was out of the way, Ruthy formed an alliance with Tosha and Milly, and now
the new triumvirate called the tune among the cons.

Vera served out the remainder of her sentence as 'Miss Ruthy's Bitch'!  In the
next year and a half, Ruthy put Vera's lessons on the proper use of the strap to
good use.

Now, with this signature: I wish to become Miss Anne-Smith's slave 4-life. In
that era, I will be given to Miss Vera Suwicki's use.

Signed:

Edith Peterson."

Once sobbing Edith finished, Anne took the document and informed her naked
slave: "now Edith, it is time for you to get dressed and go to yr office. In the
future y'll be dressed according to your "babysitter's" will."

Then Anne gave her a box which contained her costume for today, which included:
Black patent leather shoes, pink ankle-high socks, and pink Pinifore with white
laced apron. Her hair was held in pigtails, and it was clear that she wanted her
freedom back. However, Edith was to terrified and couldn't resist.

Once she was ready, Anne led Edith out of her OFFICE into Edith's new office.
When Edith got into the room, Anne locked her and allowed her to look around.
Like everything else in her new office, the chair was too small. It was
deliberately set too low. It kept her hips lower than her knees, making it all
the more difficult to retain modesty in the outfits which Anne and Vera planned
for her.

The desk she was sitting behind was too small as well. There was no modesty
board on the front, and so no chance to hide the delights that the chair and her
outfits conspired to display. There wasn't room for much on top, just her word
processor, her purse, her pink telephone, and several framed pictures of her
days as a slave.

And the nameplate of course.

She hated the nameplate more than anything else in this humiliating parody of a
secretary's station as it said: "BABY EDIE" which was her name when she was
VERA'S slave. The cramped, candy-colored furnishings and feminine decorations
were both symbols to remind her of her status in the company: the bottom of the
totem pole, junior to absolutely everybody; the least important accessory; a
mere decoration.

Suddenly, the door opened, and there was Vera dressed in her "uniform". Vera was
pleased to see her ex-slave curtsying her, dressed like that in the middle of
her "office". Once she calmed down, Vera reached under the dress, and began to
play with her clit. Edith tried to resist, but it was for no avail as Vera's
grip was firm.

After a while Vera stopped, and that was when she forced her slut to lick her
hand. Once that ordeal was over, Vera said: now slut, we have lots of things to
do, but 1st I want to see you."



"Now you are about to lick my feet. Understood?" Vera asked pleased.

"Yes Miss Vera." Edith answered submissively.

"But 1st I want you to lick my pussy... now!" Vera ordered as she turned around
and walked toward the ONLY normal chair in the room. Edith, who went after her
cruel trainer, tried to convince her not to do this to her, however, it was
revenge time and both knew it.

Once Edith brought Vera to the 4th orgasm her ex mistress stripped. Once Vera
was naked, she pointed her feet, and the ex-warden (who saw that she had no
choice), doggishly crawled to 'Miss Vera's' feet. She had a wild desperate,
forlorn hope.  Maybe Vera would be satisfied if she just kissed her naked foot
in homage. Hopelessly, Edith resigned herself to that odious demeaning task.
With a sob she pressed her lips against Vera's foot. Vera liked that idea, but
made it clear her feet were just the beginning of what was expected.

Though growing ever more impatient, Vera was enjoying the Warden's subservience,
it was something every convict might dream of, and she resolved to get the most
out of it.

Meanwhile in another room, Sarit got to her room where she saw Simon sitting on
the bed. Simon has always smiled at her, and that was when she saw that Simon
couldn't move. Sarit ran to Simon and held her lover as she asked her: "what
happened Simon?"

"Latifa told me that I've learned EVERYTHING. What will become of me?" Simon
asked Sarit with fear.

"What do you mean?" Sarit asked confused.

"Well: I'm still your slave. You never freed me, and I'm your lover as well. So
I'm a little confused." Simon replied, not looking at Sarit.

"No yr not. You see Sim': I signed that paper long time ago. Please read it for
me." Sarit said as she gave Simon and envelope.

"Okay." Simon said with a smile.

Once the envelope was open, Simon began looked at the date which said:
"16.4.05", before she began to read: "Dear Simon. I know how much you've
suffered as Mistress Bitch's slave; you was forced to eat: shit and drink
"whine" EACH meal, when you did something; your breasts became bigger, and you
know the rest. Only one week ago, you became my slave and I already decided that
you WON'T be my slave for long. That is why I decided to sign the attached legal
paper, and give you what you want: your freedom. Unfortunately, because I am
still not 18; I can't give you that 'til I will be older. I love you Simon, and
hope that you will remain with me.

Sarit."

Then as Simon lifted her head and looked at Sarit with tears in her eyes, the
later told her: "happy birthday my love. TODAY, I'm 18 year-old and here is the
paper of your freedom. Now I have only one question for you: will you live the
rest of your life me?"

"Yes... (Sob...) I... (Sob...) I don't know... (Sniffle...) w-what to say."
Simon replied, before she began to cry. She was a slave for 10 long frustrating
years and now finely... FREEDOOM.

"That's okay Sim' you can cry as much as you want. No one will hurt you EVER
again. From now on my love, you can: cry, scream, smile, and in short: to be as
free as you can. You've suffered a lot my love, and now it is time for a little
celebration. So MISTRESS Simon, how is it to be free?" Sarit asked as she hugged
Simon, and in a gentle tone of voice calmed her down.

"Mistress? Me?" Simon asked suddenly with a smile.

"Yes: you are a mistress. Here is YOUR license." Sarit said as she gave Simon a
plastic card.

"Thank you Sarit. I will NEVER forget it. You are the best friend and lover that
a Slav... former slave like me can have. And YES, I will live the rest of my
life with you my love. I promise that you WON'T be sorry." Simon said with a
smile, just before she kissed Sarit on her lips.

"You welcome my love." Sarit replied, once Simon stopped kissing her lips.

"Sarit, there is something that you MUST to see." Simon said with a smile.

"What is it?" Sarit asked excited.

"Follow me." Simon said as she stood of the bed, held Sarit's hand and took her
to a secret room UNDER Sarit's bathroom.

* * * * * * * *
Vera was sitting next to Vera's desk, jealous as she was now dressed in her new
outfit. Vera ordered Edith to partially disrobe, leaving her suit coat and
blouse on, with the blouse unbuttoned to expose Edith's huge, nude breasts. 
After the pinafore episode, Edith got the message.  In accordance with 'Miss
Vera's' instructions 'her bitch' no longer wore bras. Nor was that the only
change in the Warden's attire.  Edith's tight, ultra short skirts, peek-a-boo
blouses, and her fishnet stockings with black garters, were the talk of the
prison, among both the guards and the inmates.



"Okay!" Vera said after observing the effect. "Ya can take the skirt off too!
Edith obediently, if a trifle, hesitantly and with a small sniffle, removed her
skirt.

"Now, hah, hah, pull yer panties down!" Vera sneered, producing a large hair
brush from behind her back. "My little Edith's been a bad girl!"
Edith trembled in terror, seeing what obviously was coming. She had no illusions
that Vera would be anything but merciless with the wicked looking, metal
bristled brush. Vera sat down in Edith's swivel chair.

"Across my knee, you naughty 'bitch!" Vera snickered to the tall, handsomely
mature woman.

Edith was in terror of the pain that was coming. She trembled like a leaf, but
at that stern tone of authority, her shoulders slumped in shame, and she
obediently laid her half nude body across Vera's lap. Miserable as she felt, her
pussy started to tingle with that terrible sexual excitement that had become her
curse and nightmare.



Sitting in the Warden's own desk chair, the insolent convict soundly spanked the
woman who once thought of herself as the stern mother of the prison, while Edith
wailed and snuffled like a child at the burning pain. Like all of those morning
interludes in the Warden's Office at the past, this episode concluded with her
newest 'bitch' servicing 'Miss Vera'!

Soon Anne will take the time to retrain Edith, however, for now her ex-mistress,
Vera, will have to do.






Meanwhile in another area of the ranch; Sarit stood infront of the fresh graves.
She was dressed in a conservative business suit, and in her hands she held a
bouquet of white roses. The poor girl just finished to place the roses, when she
heard foot steps behind her, and there was none other then: Anne. Anne was
dressed the same as the little girl, who had a tear rolling down her face.

Once Anne stood next to Sarit, she asked: "How are you feeling, Sarit?"

"Better mommy. Anne, I want to thank you for EVERYTHING that you did for me. I
know that I was NOT an easy kid. Sometimes I scared myself, and yet here you
were: "raggedy Anne" as my 1st mother used to call you. You were the light in my
life, and now after two years in which I mourned them; it is time for me to move
on. Yes, I will always be their "little Sarit", however, now I'm also your
daughter." Sarit replied with a smile.

"Look Sarit, you are a tough kid. Both of us were never "perfect family." You
had Simon, and I had Latifa. That was one of the only connections between us. I
am sorry that I read your letters to your parents. However, I was worried about
you. There was an ENTIRE year in which you spoke to me by sending Simon. I know
that I'm not your mother. No one can take her place, especially me. Furthermore,
your mother next to me was a saint. However, I never stopped to love you as if
you were MINE. I fought for you on two continuants and different countries. I
will fight for you in the future. However, all I want from you is that you will
trust me. Please Sarit, just try." Anne replied with a tear in her eye. Here she
was with this girl who used to hate her, and now they have a "base" to build NEW
relations on.

Suddenly as she looked at Sarit, Anne felt as if she saw Sarit's mother looking
back at her. Then as Anne began to cry, Sarit hugged her step-mother, who began
to cry, and said in a gentle tone of voice: "there, there Anna. That's okay my
dear mommy. I felt the same as you, and maybe it is time that you'll cry and
I'll comfort you. I know Anna. That's okay, as much as it hurts me to say it:
you were right, and WE were wrong. Anna, both of us lost in that awful Sunday.
However, we gained each other after a year in which we had no relations. I know
how much it is hurting for someone as nice as you to be humiliated by her best
friend. That is why I want to thank you Anna; you took me... an orphan, and
turned me into a lady." Once Sarit finished, she joined Anne as the both of them
began to cry.

A little while later, Anne said with a smile before she left Sarit alone with
Simon who watched them: "you know Sarit; maybe you should talk with Suki. She is
an orphan just like you."

* * * * * * * *
Edith did her way to her post. However, her pink panties were not on her as Vera
kept them. She knew that the evil woman kept her panties dirty in a shrine
dedicated for the ex-warden. Once the miserable secretary arrived to her office,
Edith saw; Milly and Tosha, two of her former prisoners. The two waited for her,
and that was when her humiliation began.

The 1st thing which the two did was to remove Edith's garters and suit-coat.
Once Edith was half naked, the two forced her to lick Tosha's ass for a while.



Then after she did the same to Milly, both women took Edith and forced her to
face the floor. Once there Tosha shoved a vibrator into her ass. Once they
finished, both girls took the once respected warden to a tour inside the toilet.
Once they pulled her out, the two forced Edith to wear once again her garters as
well as; pink thong, and a very short skirt before they left her sobbing after
another visit into the toilet bowl.

Poor Edith was in a shock as she heard clicks getting closer to her. Suddenly
Edith felt a hand grabbing her hair, and pulling her head out of the bowl. She
wanted to thank that woman, but when she saw that it was an unhappy Anne; her
heart sank as she realized that no one will save her. Next to Anne were 2
"maids." The 1st was a blonde who held HER "uniform" which included: Black
patent leather shoes, pink ankle-high socks, and pink Pinifore with white laced
apron.

The poor blonde looked humiliated as she was dressed as a was dressed in this
reviling "maid's outfit" with an outfit which included: super abbreviated
flounced skirt, that didn't reach the top of her thighs, no undergarments, with
white lace aprons, that extended between her bounteous breasts but did not cover
them,  black fishnet stockings with garters, doily caps. On her feet, the blonde
"maid" had 6" sky scraper. Other then that, the half naked woman had a "whore"
collar fastened around her neck. On her hands the blonde wore "Slave" Leather
Wristbands. Over her head, the blonde wore a deluxe head-harness with a gag.

As Edith looked at the maid, she could see ALL of the rings which the maid
supported at her: clit, pussy lips, nose, eyebrows, bellybutton, nipples and
other places. Suddenly it hit her; that woman was her old friend, Ulrica Wodden,
who vanished long time ago without a trace until her trial Six months ago. She
tried to see Ulrica after her trial. However, Anne's guards did not allow it,
and now she knew why.

Before Ulrica vanished and Edith became a slave, they had a strong co-operation
together with Deirdre. Is it possible that Ulrica "spilled the beans" and told
Anne EVERYTHING? That was a possible, but it couldn't be. Ulrica would NEVER
betray her, and yet she had a very bad feeling.

The other "maid" was dressed in a ridiculous, demeaning parody of a French
Maid's Uniform, obviously so scanty that it couldn't conceal, but would only
emphasize her nudity, as it included: a pair of gray hose with red garters,
impossibly uncomfortable skyscraper heels, a tiny white maid's apron, that
didn't quite reach the juncture of her shapely thighs, and a silly looking,
maid's cap.

Anne on the other hand still wore the Black outfit which she wore to the
funeral. It amazed Anne to see how strong Sarit was, but suddenly she remembered
one thing: Sarit was from ISRAEL, which gave her the strength to do what she had
to do. Furthermore: Sarit had a new family which consisted of: Anne, Simon,
Latifa, Suki and her daughters, Sassuri (who spoke English with Sarit) and her
daughters, Lisa and Mitzi.

Once Anne concentrated, she ordered Ulrica to dress the slut. As Ulrica did as
she was told, Anne informed Edith: "you know Edith, I still remember how Vera
was after she was released from prison. Now I know ALL about you and my slave,
Ulrica, who changed a lot since you last saw her. Yes, the bitch as much to
learn but with me as her mistress; she will fine true fate as MY follower. The
former DA is now nothing but a bad memory. In-fact she is now a toy which it's
only purpose is to serve its mistress. As you are about to learn; MY Ulrica
Wodden is more: submissive, quite, slutty, and obedient then what she used to
be. Now I thought what to do with you, and decided that you are about to work
for me as my little girl. Now after MY own step-daughter is all grown up, I need
a replacement..."

As Anne talked and informed Edith about her future, the helpless woman looked at
her friend. Suddenly Edith noticed that Ulrica's nipples and clit were not only
pierced. They were held inside a strange construction which was made of two
rings which were connected by four chains stretched to the limit. Somehow those
things kept Ulrica's nipples and clit stiff and vulnerable. Maybe that was the
explanation for her friend's NEW attitude and actions.

When Ulrica finished, Anne opened her gag to reveal a "pucker" gag into which
she shoved a cigarette. Then after Anne lit the cigarette, she looked how the
miserable blonde began to take heavy drags. However, not like Edith thought, it
seems as if Ulrica took a few moments between each drag to savor the moment.

It was amazing.

When Ulrica finely finished the cigarette, Anne placed another one as she
informed Edith: "the name of the cigarette is the "enslaver." Its purpose is to
take over the slave's mind, and allow the mistress\master to re-educate their
slave to be easier to control. I had three "willing" slaves who agreed to enter
the test.

The 1st one was a slave called Moesha. The poor thing was a straight and married
woman, until I turned her into my personal pussy-slave, Keisha. That change came
after she tried to escape, and I gave her a choice: join the test or that both;
she and her husband (who also took and take the drug) will pay. Moesha chose the
test, and now as far as it is her concern; she has no moral or will. If I will
ask her to do something for me, she will agree immediately.

The next subject was my personal sex-toy: Barbie Dumb AKA Barbara Derman, who
you already met. Ms. Barbara Derman was 20 years old, long rich brunette hair,
brown eyes, average height and weight. She was in very good health and with a
grade point average that put her in the top 10% of her class. She had a "C" cup,
thick 28 inch and she used to be heterosexual who used to go out with selected
men.

Now Barbara's carear as a human "lab-rat" began when she took place at some
experiment for Doctor B' who did a favor to a friend of mine. However, no one
will ever fine proof to that experiment. Anyway; Ms. Derman was a woman of
priorities, and right now her number one priority was her education and career.
Both were first and foremost on her agenda, and Doctor B' remember that she went
through THREE main changes:

The 1st one was making Barbara feel more relax in being restrained down into the
lab chair, you see she used to complain a lot and after six sessions Barbara no
longer complained about being tied down. That was a change that elated Doctor B'
because she was able to see quantifiable results of that particular behavioral
change in her currently working computer model. Doctor B's theories were being
proven correct and that excited her greatly, especially for what she had planned
in part two.

The 2nd change was having Barbara wake up each morning later and later for her
daily exercising and as a result, about half way through the semester, Barbara
was no longer performing any exercises which resulted in a small change in her
body and no longer did Barbara have the physique of a hard body so you see she
was looking less like a sharp angled athlete and more like a soft, curvaceous
and voluptuous woman.

The 3rd change that Doctor B' made in Barbara was for her to have a better
appreciation for things that were more feminine, like sexy underwear and
cosmetics. Barbara witness the gradual change in her body and just wrote it off
to being too busy with more important area's of her life right now and didn't
worry about it as she figured she had all summer to get back into shape anyway,
so a little slackness in part of her life was no big deal.

After about the twelfth session Doctor B' asked Barbara again if she wanted that
frilly red bra and panty set I offered her once and this time Barbara accepted
it, reluctantly, but never-the-less she took it and actually wore it in the
privacy of her bedroom when she went to bed." Dr. Brigs concluded.

Barbie once told me once that she wasn't into that kind of extreme girly sexy
things. If her great athletic and womanly body in the nude or wearing some
comfortable white cotton underwear wasn't good enough to get and hold a guys
attention in bed, then she wanted no part of such a guy who got off on slutty
dressed women and now you should see her.

And now look at her: that woman turned into a full size Barbie doll and dresses
like a sex doll. You can punish her, and yet the stupid will smile at you and
enjoy it. You see: it doesn't matter what you will do to Barbie because she will
never stop smiling in her new "skin." Much like Moesha, Barbie turned into a
very different woman.

However, they have a few things in common. You see Edith, both of them are:
subservient, quite, submissive, loyal, without morals, love to serve me and MY
submissive, Latifa. Furthermore; each forgot that she is a straight woman, and
became a lesbian only to please and serve ME. One thing though: not like Ulrica
who I use as my "entertainment" as well as my personal-assistant, they only
serve me sexually.

Now Edith, the collar on your neck is a discipline collar so that you want try
to escape at the tour. Now let's go." Anne said as she turned to the door.
However, Edith did not move so Anne shocked her until she did. A little while
later, Anne and Edith stood next to Anne's "house of fun" which was where Anne
kept ALL of the slaves who she owned.

It was her harem which was locked ALL the time.

Once inside, Anne led Edith to an elevator where she asked: "what the names:
Lulu, Amanda and Jennifer Jones tell you?"

"Those are the names of the current president's wife and daughter's wife...
mistress." Edith answered.

"That's: 'Miss Anne' for you slut, and yes you are right. They were kidnapped in
Colombia and I own them. MY step-daughter's best friend came from Colombia, and
she gave them to me as a present in return for allowing her to live here in the
ranch with: Sarit, Simon, and the rest of the outsider's club. Anyway; the
president's wife, Lulu is a great ass licker. And his daughters, Mandy and
Jenny, are on their way to join the "enslaved" club together with: Moesha,
Barbara and Moesha. However; their mother will remain in my dungeons, and will
serve anyone that myself or her co-mistress, Sarit will desire. Unfortunately
for her; the dumb slut doesn't receive ANY guests, so I guess that she would
like to have one. Now because both the president's daughter and wife are
somewhere here at the ranch; there is no way that anyone will come to her
rescue, and the president is now under one of the control of MY friends from
Washington. Poor Lulu tried to escape, and found out that there is no way out of
here." Anne said as they waited for the elevator. Once the elevator arrived,
Anne dragged her in and they went down to the dungeon where Anne kept her famous
slaves.

When they entered the elevator, Edith saw that: there were 3 floors which were
underground, and another 4 above the level which they were at. Somewhere in that
maze, Anne kept Lulu Jones and she wondered where it was. Fortunately, next to
each button there was a sign which said what is on which level. However, the
signs were not in English or Hebrew but in another language.

Meanwhile in another side of the ranch, Sarit and Simon just returned to their
room where Lora got the last part in her revenge. While Sarit and Simon were at
the fresh grave, Lora trapped in a semi-erect state inside of a cock cage that
wouldn't let him get totally soft and would hurt really bad if he got an
erection.  His balls were placed in a soaked leather ball sack with a little
sack for each nut and tied up tightly.  A couple blow driers were then trained
on the ball sack until they shrunk down squeezing tight enough to let him know
that they were trapped but not tight enough to do any permanent damage, just
enough to drive him crazy.

Now as they came in, Lora just put the finishing touch on Jim's hair as she used
her "puke" semi-permanent hair dye color. Jim's face was completely white. His
lips were painted with cherry-red lipstick, which was Anne's favorite color, and
his eyes had a silvery color. In another tribute for Anne, Lora forced Jim to
wear a "Va-boom" perfume.

One of the reasons why Anne loved that perfume (other then its smell) was that
the bottle was in the shape of naked woman which reminded Latifa.

Anyway, when Lora saw Simon she said with a smile: "congratulations Simon. You
finely became one of us, and it is great to see you in that leather outfit. I
never knew how sexy you are, what is your secret?"

"I like to be tortured and abused on a daily basic by MY dominatrix, Sarit."
Simon replied with a smile as she placed her hand over Sarit's little shoulder.

"And I love to torture and abuse her." Sarit added, as she placed her hand on
Simon's ass.

"And I thought that the two of you love each other." Lora said.

"We do love each other." Simon replied.

"However, our love is not that of: candy and dancing. Our love is based on a
Sado\Maso deal; I torture and abused Simon. In return Simon gives me the time of
my life." Sarit once again added with a bigger smile, as she rubbed her lover's
ass.

"I see. Well, if you'll excuse me Jim and I have a few things that we need to
do." Lora replied.

Then as Jim sobbed, Lora threw on him Deirdre's old coat and dragged him out of
the ranch.

* * * * * * *
Edith felt frustrated. For the last two hours in which her new mistress took her
on the tour; she wanted to see Lulu. However Anne was smart enough, and got over
the urge of letting her see her reward. Or at least that was what Anne wanted
that she would think. Fortunately for Edith, she received a glimpse of the
president's daughter's new life. The 1st daughter who Edith saw was the
president's oldest daughter; Amanda, who was now better known as: Mandy tits.
Miss tits just finished learning how to lick women's pussies. The former "1st
daughter" (literally) was dressed in: bright red, 7" platforms, pink fishnet
stockings which were held by blue garter-belts. Around her waist the girl had an
orange leather skirt with a matching bra, and posture collar.

When Edith saw her, she was shocked of the transformation but not as shocked as
she felt when she saw the younger daughter, Jenny P. Ass who turned into a
complete slut after she surrendered and submitted her will to Anne. However,
there were a few things in common between the two like the fact that none of
them sounded as smart as they used to.

Just as both women got to the main floor and out of the elevator, Edith saw
Sarit and Simon slipping to the elevator. Suddenly Edith's hart jumped as she
remembered what Anne told her at the elevator: "the reason why Lulu is not in
the 'enslaved club' is that her co-mistress, Sarit, wanted to keep her as she
is. Sarit also wanted to make sure that our "guest" would feel comfortable so
she found the: dirtiest, stickiest, smelliest cell and threw her in. the reason
for that is that Lulu's husband was the vice-president when her parents died.
Somehow Sarit put into her mind that the president and vice-president are
responsible for the death of her parents by "humiliating Israel and forcing her
to sign on Versailles agreement regarding the terror." I still remember when
Sarit 1st arrived over here, she was Anti-American pure and simple. Even the
idea of Democracy was not good for her. Whenever she spoke about the Democracy,
she switched that word with "hypocrisy" seeing that America can fight against
the terror free. However, I believe that after three years in America she calmed
down a little bit. So when Lulu arrived, I saved money on a shrink for her, and
gave her 50% of the time. Y'll be amazed for what time can do... even with
Sarit."

Then just as Edith was about to say something, Anne said with a smile to Edith's
surprise: "you see that those two? They are MY step-daughters; Sarit and Simon.
You know where they are going? No? Well I will tell you: they are going to see;
Fluffy AKA Lulu Jones. Her name was chosen to her by Sarit, in order of
reminding her; what is her status. You can say lots of things about Sarit.
However one thing that no one can say is that she is not a creative person. When
we will get to the office I'll show you a few tapes."

"Why are you telling me all of that...? Miss Anne?" Edith asked as she followed
Anne who held her hand.

"At the office slut." Anne said before she slapped Edith, and dragged her to the
office.

The end of part_27c.

The permissions:

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW.
2. Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW. 
3. Rosy was taken from the stories: "Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson"
by GW.
4. Cynthia (power miss) was taken from the stories: "Fraulein Power's Trophies",
"Latin Holiday" and "Fraulein Power" by GW.
5. Herculea, Rachel, Purity, Summer Breeze, Uhurutu, Mei Ling and Camilla were
taken form the story: "Between Heaven and Hell" by GW.
6. U. N. Secretary General Elizabeth Wu, US President Simpson, and Ultrafemme
were taken from the stories: "First Encounter" and "Second Encounter" where they
join by "laser cat" by GW.
2. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: "Bimbo Dot Com", Brenda
Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black were taken
from the story: "What Men Look for in Women", and Jamie was taken from the
story: "Jamie's new job", Mia, Dana and Sara were taken from the story: you bet
your brain" by MrGray. ALL of the characters are being used with the author's
permission.
3. Barbie\Barbara Derman and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat"
by Musker, Ms. Waneright Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Dr. Stein and Karol were
taken from the story: Omens - a Halloween tale and it sequels by Musker and ALL
of them are being used with Musker's permission.
4. Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
5. Charlotte and Sherri were taken from the story: "Charlotte" by Parker,
Christina was taken from the story: "Christina" by Parker, Barbie Dahl was taken
from the story: "Career Opportunities" by Parker, Jen-Jen was taken from the
story: "Pool party" by Parker, Jennifer and Karen were taken from the story: 
"Dear diary" by Parker and Squealer was taken from the story: Squealer" by
parker. All of the characters are being used with Parker's permission and that
story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories.
7. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
8. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, and used
with her permission.
9. Anne (not Smith) was taken from the story: Cheerleader Picture by Ninja
Turtle.




&lt;From a mayor to a slave, part 28&gt;
&lt;By the outsider&gt;
&lt;Anne's new slaves and their training, Lulu's nightmare, Sarit's talk with
Latifa, death in the family, and more.&gt;

Author's Note:

1. This chapter was inspired by chapter 9 in Llabmik's story; "romance!"

2. The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you are
under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy.

3. ALL of the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel
to any of the stories or the comics which I borrowed characters from. 

4. All characters from: "Housewives at play" are created and owned by Rebecca,
in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com also
housewivesatplay.net and it is used for MY personal use ONLY.

5. The pictures in this chapter are used with GW's permission.

6. A part of this chapter is dedicated for Mr. I'm to dumb to catch the point.

Part_28 - going on a vacation.

"Kish mein touckes!" Anne ordered as she looked at her newest slaves. Both women
were blonde. The new slaves had a hairdo which screamed that they were a pair of
whores. Both had swollen: lips, inner lebia, and the interior walls of their
vaginas, clit, ass's ring, and nipples. Other then that, their bodies were
covered with permanent metal which included: rings. Other then rings, their
tongues had 1 stud and 1 post, which were clear to view as their tongues were
stretched to the limit out of their wide open mouths.

Both slaves wore on their waist Mini-corset. The mini-corset was very tight as
it forced their huge tits up. It also had a Velcro-strap which was used to hold
their hands behind their backs thus protecting their mistress. Each slave had
around her neck a posture-collar, which forced their heads up.

Luckily for Anne; the two arrived in crates from Hamburg Germany, where they
worked at the docks as Yankee whores after they were kidnapped from Berlin when
Milly was still in power. After the offer to re-unify Germany was vetoed, the
East Germans became a threat and the poor women were back then the 1st victims.

However, there were only 2 differences: the 1st one was that one of the sluts
was older then the other. The 2nd was that the older only wore: a pair of pink
stockings, black garter belt and midnight blue pumps, while the other only wore
nothing but sandals. Then after Anne freed their hands, she looked on as both
dropped to their knees at the same time. Then the two began to crawl until they
reached Anne, and that was when she felt the cold thing (which once used to be
their mouths) pressed against her ass cheeks, before she felt their tongues
licking it. Anne kept the sobbing slaves on that job until there was not even
one point which they didn't lick three times already.

When they finished, both slaves crawled infront of Anne. Once they looked at
Anne informed the sobbing women: "that was quite good. I know that you know
English. However, I forbid the two of you to use it in public. I also know that
you are a mother and daughter team, which is perfect for me. Now whores; the
both of you have much to learn as you are my slaves, but I'm optimistic about
the future. So we will start on your humiliation by command. That means that ALL
I will have to do as tell you a word and\or signal, and you'll do it like
without any arguments, understood?"

"Ya Frau Anne." both slaves answered in unison, as they still looked at Anne
like naughty students with their teacher. It was clear to Ulrica who watched
them, as she hate from her bowl like a bitch that they were owned by Anne.

"We will keep that reply sluts. Tell me: what were your names, and what are they
NOW!" Anne ordered pointing at the older woman, giving her the feeling of a
humiliated child.

"My name Frau Anne was; Laura B. Marx, which was switched to; big Bertha. That
is my daughter, Laura B. Marx. Her name is now; puppy. She is called like that
because she made such a mess when we were caught, that our enslavers decided
that the only thing that would touch her will be some animal." Big Bertha
replied.

"That's fine by me. We will call you "Bertha", and her name will be "Hilda" to
remember your useless ex-mistress.  Now the first position that I'll teach you
will be called: "greeting mein mistress" and the single will be that I'll enter
the room. Once you'll see me, the 1st thing that you'll do is to squat down with
your back not far from a wall. Then you will spread your legs as possible.
However, your heels are not allowed to touch each others. Once there I want you
to strait your back. Once you'll finish; I want to see your hands over your
head, and those tongues running ALL over those; thick, wet lips... MY lips as
you don't have any claims, ownership or anything like that anymore over
ANYTHING. Do you understand me whores?" Anne asked with evil smile as she took
black riding whip.

"Ya Frau Anne." both slaves answered in unison once again. Then without another
word they followed Anne's orders, with the mistress fixing their mistakes with
the help of the whip. Each slave knew from their former mistress, who loved them
that Anne doesn't share the "toys" which she loved and so they were perfect
because sharing might bring men. Not wanting to be used by men, both slaves
studied EVERYTHING that they could about their new mistress, Anne, and built a
plan to live easier life as slaves.

When they finished, Anne gave them an outfit to wear which was a combination of
the maid and chauffer's uniform. This outfit included: brown, super abbreviated
flounced skirt, that didn't reach the top of her thighs, with white lace aprons,
that extended between her bounteous breasts but did not cover them, black
fishnet stockings with garters, doily caps. Other then that, they wore from the
Chauffer's uniform: red g-string abbreviated matching red vest which once
belonged to an organ grinder's monkey.

Once they were dressed; Anne gave the sluts cheap makeup and looked as they
painted their faces, with her beloved whip being used when Anne saw that they
make ANY mistake. When their torment was over; the makeup was overdone and made
them look like a pair of sluts. Then as they thought that it was over, Anne
forced them to wear her favorite perfume (signaling in her way that they were
her personal "toys") before they returned to the position and tasted the
lipstick, which had a very familiar smell.

Then Anne said: "now; I know that you two had your doggie-trainings, so we shell
move on. Whenever I will say the word: "pee!" you will open your bladders and
start to pee. When I will say: "Stop!" 	Obediently, the two of you squatting
lovelies will squeezed it shut and the yellow rain will cease. Now, when I will
say: "Shit!" then without hesitation, you squatting beauties will began
straining to excrete, until thick brown snakes will extrude from your wrinkled
rectums. The last command in that set will be: "vomit." When I'll say that word,
you will put your finger down your throat and vomit up your last meal as
completely as you can. I want to see the dry heaves to prove that there's
nothing left in your stomachs. Keep at it until I tell you to stop. Understood?"

"Ya Frau Anne." both slaves answered in unison once again. Then Anne locked the
door and began to train the sobbing slaves.

Meanwhile in another area, Sarit and Simon stood giggling as they looked at Lulu
who sucked Sarit's right toe on all four. The bitch was almost ready to be taken
out. However, Sarit knew that there was no way that Anne will approve it.
Infect, when Sarit was younger Anne forbade her from talking about this
claiming: "she and her daughters are not ready yet Sarit. However, I promise you
that I'll allow it in the future after you will learn the trade. Until then; you
can use her here."

For the last half an hour, Sarit and Simon tortured Lulu as they: whipped her,
stuck sharp pins into her entire body and threw hot wax on her tormented body. 
Poor Lulu screamed, begged and cried for no avail as both girls cleaned her with
a hose which was set on full pressure. Sarit was dressed in: red sandals, short
flirt skirt made in a Chinese style and a matching shirt. Simon on the other
hand wore: Detention dress-plaid with black shoes.

Lulu on the other hand wore: one-piece suit with mittens/paws for hands. The
outfit was made of flexible material; there are no zippers (not invented yet) or
buttons, Maria has been sewn into the suit, a butt-plug tail and a gag-muzzle
that completed the suit. Once Lulu finished, Simon stripped the humiliated
slave, before she turned up the volume and forced her to dance for Sarit's
amusement.

While Lulu desperately danced for Sarit, the young woman grabbed her nipples and
began to pull them hard. Then as the hopeless slave screamed, Sarit informed her
as she freed her sore nipples: "I see that you are NOT like your husband. He may
be sitting at the ovel office, but you have the brain even though your status in
our society is in a permanent decline. You read the tabloids which EVERYONE
refers to as "objective media news coverage." As ALL of us know, that's a bunch
of crap, but what can you expect from reporters who will do everything for a
report? Those reporters are useless and should be considered as such. Now; I'm
going to pull your nipples when you won't do your job. Now start dancing, I know
that you can bitch. If you ever want to see the sun again then you should do as
I say."

Suddenly Poor Lulu (who was afraid of Sarit) began to dance by the rhythm of
songs. Knowing that it was hopeless to resist, Lulu (who lost hope of ever being
rescued) began to slowly submit to her tormentor's will... to save her body. As
Lulu tried to seduce Sarit, Simon (who was the only one allowed to seduce Sarit)
placed a chair at the middle of the room and ordered Lulu: "kneel on the chair
with your ass to Sarit... now!"

"You better do as she orders." Sarit advised Lulu who did as she was told. Once
she was on the chair, Simon took a rope and tied her waist to the chair. Once
Simon finished, she dragged a torture rack which was at the height of Sarit's
pussy. Then another rope was in use to tie Lulu's legs and connect them to the
chair. When the poor slave was all tied up, Simon led Sarit to the sofa infront
of Lulu's face and said: "now slut; you will lick her pussy. If you'll make her
sad in ANY way, I will whip you 'till tomorrow."

Then after seeing that she had no choice, the helpless woman began to lick
Sarit's pussy like a cheep hooker. Lulu hated being in this situation because
she knew how Simon hated seeing her dominatrix with other girls. That is why she
did her best to please Sarit, hoping for the better. However, when she finished
both began to spank her with their hands. Obviously Sarit's hatred and anger was
now also on Simon.

* * * * * * *
Anne was at the gym of her secret "House of gun" which was placed under her
office. Anne was very pleased as she looked at the new mother and daughter team
who ran at the spot. Each slave set on a saddle that was placed on a stick
running from one wall to the other. The saddle had to large dildoes which
basically fucked them as their bondage belt was connected to two springs. The
aim of the springs was to; keep them doing the same movement as they tried not
to have those large things in their asses. Both slave was facing the other, and
each slave was completely naked accept for their matching gear which included:
bondage belt with nine rings, a slave-bracelet with four rings for each hand and
leg, and a posture collar.

Anne, who was very smart, attached a chain for each unused ring which was
connected to a 2.5 pound weights. Over their heads, each slave wore a
head-harness. However; the gags were not the same as Bertha had pink-ball gag,
while Hilda had a horse's gag. Other then that there were 4 springs attached to
the slave-bracelet which they wore on their legs were connected to four springs.
Their hands were attached to the limit, as they had a chain connected to a ring
in each bracelet. That chain pulled their hands to the side.

In time, when they will be broken; Anne will use them more. However, until that
will happen; Anne will have fun with her new slaves. Once their time was up and
they finished their training, Anne freed them and stripped them until they only
wore their regular, red leather "whore" and "tramp" collars. When Anne finished;
the slaves immediately got into position, and waited before Anne forced them to
drink another full bottle of water. Fortunately for the slaves, Anne found that
they knew all the commands so now she had to use her freaks.

Then Anne pointed at a picture of; Ulrica Wodden (who they loved), and ordered:
"Fetch!"

Like a trained doggies, the broken willed slaves ran and brought the picture.
When they returned to where Anne was, she ordered them: "put those pictures on
the ground, and beg to pee as you will stand above them!"

Once they heard the order, both slaves did as they were told. Once the pictures
were on the floor; the slaves stood above them, they got into a doggie style
begging position. However, this position was not the same as each slave grabbed
the walls of her pussy and pulled them out. As much as the position was
humiliating and painful, that was nothing in compare to the fact that the
humiliated slaves add to make sounds like dogs which meant: barking, growling,
and yelping. However, the worst part was that they were about to pee on Ulrica's
picture, who was doing jumping jacks according to the whip of her trainer. This
trainer was a woman about Sarit's age and was called: Lisa K. Gomez, who saw how
Ulrica threw her father to jail a decade ago.

Anne forced her slaves to stay in that position for five minutes, before she
told them one word: "pee!"

Seeing that they don't have a choice, each slave opened her bladder, and a
golden rain began. At the side of her eye, Ulrica saw it and saw the
humiliation. A few minutes later, Anne ordered her peeing slaves: "vomit as you
are peeing. If you'll stop then I'll use that bitch harder then what I did so
far."

Hilda and Bertha then followed the order, and continued until Anne ordered them
to stop. Then Anne took them to the showers where each was thrown into a private
shower, which Anne locked as she informed them: "shower and we will continue
soon. Now just so you'll know: ALL the slaves here are getting into the shower
once a day. However, the two of you are dirty pigs and as such we'll have to
shower you more."

Once Anne got out of the secret corridor, she saw Suki coming toward her with
Sassuri and LATIFA. Both women had a concern look over their face, and when they
stood next to Anne, Suki asked Anne: "What happened to Sarit?"

"When? Over the last week she did not had a chance to stop." Anne asked.

"Yesterday." Suki replied.

"Well, someone called her a kike. And another one called her a "kiky Jew girl",
while the last called her "murderer" because of the war on Terror which canceled
the cold war as both powers decided to fight against that threat." Anne replied.

"What is: "Kike" and "Kiky Jew"?" Suki asked.

"The Jews here in the US are called like that. It's like the word "nigger" and
it means: Loud mouthed, rude, or crude. Sneaky in business, one who tries to
take advantage of other people. Sarit is not used to be called like that, and
she is a bit in shock." Latifa replied.

"Poor Sarit. What is she going to do?" Sassuri said.

"Indeed. Not only that poor Sarit is an orphan, but she also need to work with
this. Where are Suki and Sassuri?" Anne asked Latifa, who pulled her shoulders
up.

"Who knows?" Latifa replied as she left Anne alone.

Meanwhile At the stable; Simon was just bringing out their (her and Sarit's)
'mounts'.  The two evil mistresses did not deign to ride horses about the park
like grounds of Anne's ranch!  Why should they?  Simon had her former mistress,
Bitch, while Sarit had Deirdre, whose huge boobs were pierced and held the
reins.

The competitive Sarit challenged her sister mistress to a race.  Her mount, the
larger, stronger Deirdre carrying the somewhat lesser weight of Sarit, soon
pulled ahead of the heavier Simon on the smaller "mistress bitch," and built up
a substantial lead.  Then, just as Deirdre was confident of victory; Sarit
motioned her to slow down a little allowing Simon to get the win.

Sarit loosing was no accident, as she knew that this was the day in which Simon
became a slave at FIVE years ago. Then as Simon was way infront, Sarit whispered
in her ponygirl's hear: "now that's my slut. Remember tramp: until further
notice you better let her win... or else your friends will pay the price."

Once the ride was over; Sarit and Simon took their ponygirls to the kitchen and
fed them. A few minutes after both girls set down on the chairs, they saw Anne
sex-doll, Barbie dumb, walking into the kitchen. Barbie's Blonde hair was in
Afro-style. Barbie was still dressed in her "skin", and wore on of the outfits
which Anne chose for her. Barbie's outfit included: red, 4 ring posture collar,
tight leather bra which showed the line of her pierced nipples, Red leather
thong which did the same with the walls of her Pussy. Other then that Barbie was
dressed in; thigh-high leather boots with matching opera gloves.

Suddenly as Barbie turned around, Sarit saw that Poor Barbie had a tail which
went through the thong to her into her ass. That was just another one of Anne's
insane outfits for her sex-doll. Poor Barbie stood next to the coffee machine,
as she fixed a cup for her mistress. Then as they looked, Sarit and Simon forced
their slaves to dance for them.

* * * * * * *
Bertha was kneeling naked, with her head and hands held inside a torture rack.
Over her neck, she was wearing a 4-ring collar, which was attached to the floor
by one chain. From each of her sides were chains, which connected the collar to
a slave bracelet which she wore on each of her wrists. Her legs tied together to
a ring on the floor by: ropes, chains and shackles. Inside her ass was a 13"
dildo which was used as her tail, and will remain there until Anne will finish
her training.

She was tied like that for the last hour, in which she heard her daughter
screaming as Anne trained her. She remembered in horror how Anne took her
daughter out of the room 3 hours ago. Poor Hilda only wore a pair of pumps and
Pink ball-gag. Suddenly just as Bertha lost all hope to see her daughter, the
door opened and Anne came in as she rode on Hilda's back.

Poor Hilda's outfit was made of: knee pads, a pair of mittens, a saddle and a
dildo which was used as a tail. Over her head, Hilda wore head-gear with horse
bit and a blind-folder. However, there were no reins because her blonde hair was
held in a pair of pigtails and actually was the reins. Once Hilda stopped, the
helpless mother saw that her daughter's ass was whipped by the evil mistress.

Then as Anne took her legs of the saddle, she tied Hilda's hair to a ring from
the wall. As Anne tied the hair, she ordered said: "your daughter is a real
bitch. She just begged to be the entertainment of my party... and believe me
that I turned her into a star. Once I'll finish with that bitch; you'll have to
do something. For the next year the both of you will be like a "new pledge to a
sorority." And I will be your "sister." in that time you'll become: moral-less,
cheap, easy, and loyal to me. Your daughter dared to humiliate me and that is
why she MUST be punished. I'm going to show that whore that you are NOT slapping
YOUR mistress in public. I never was so humiliated in my life, and she will pay
for that. Do you understand me so far?"

"Yes mistress." Poor Bertha replied, watching how Anne placed Hilda in a Pillory
stock with horse just like she was in. Once Anne finished, Bertha saw how she
placed a strange device behind Hilda just at her ass. The device itself was made
of steal base with wooden wheel that had fly-squatters all over it in space far
enough from each other. Once finished; Anne started the machine and listened as
the helpless teen screamed in pain. However, Hilda pain was not over as Anne
placed a mechanical arm infront of the slave's face. The arm moved from one side
to the other, and slapped the naughty bitch. Then Anne took her old and trustee
milking machine, and placed it to the girl's tits informing the helpless mother:
"I have a milking corporation which is based on "natural milk" from my slaves
who have E cup and higher. That statement means that the both of you will be
trained as my cowgirls as well. She will remain like that for the next hour or
so until we will return from your training as my cleaning girl."

To make things worst for Hilda, Anne wrapped a barb wire over the rest of her
body, and placed another 3 wheels on each side of the helpless slave, as well as
one over her head. When Anne finely finished with the screaming teen, she
removed Bertha's current collar to replace it with one like her daughter, Hilda,
wore. Suddenly Bertha felt a little shock before she heard Anne's explanation:
"you see Bertha; ALL of my slaves wear collars like this collar. Those types of
collars are made for: punish the slave, discipline bitches like you, and keep
you in my site. For example: if I'll order you to do something and you'll refuse
then I'll shock you until you'll submit. If you'll try to get out of the borders
of the ranch without permission; you'll be shocked."

Once the collar was secured, Anne informed the scared mother as she placed a
Molded Leather Blindfold with Elastic Strap over her eyes: "now my dear Bertha;
I know a secret. You see after one hour in which Hilda was spanked and whipped
as I fucked her; the little whore "blew the whistle" and told me EVERYTHING. I
now know all of your fears, phobias and nightmares so you better be nice to me.
So now I want to hear you...! Or else."

"Yes Frau Anne." Hilda replied.

Slap.

"Call me; Mistress Anne! From now on you are only allowed to call me like that
in public, understood?" Anne said after she slapped her blind slave again on the
other cheek.

"Yes mistress." Bertha replied as she tried to rub both of her sore cheeks.

"Start talking! And bitch: if I'll catch a mistake; you'll be whipped over and
over." Anne ordered.

"Yes mistress. My name used to be: Darla Crane, and my daughter's name used to
be: Kelly. 5 years ago after my daughter graduated basic school, we flew to a
trip in Germany. When the vacation was over, we went out of the hotel, and there
instead of the cab that we ordered; was a black Limousine with a cute male
chauffer who held a sign with our names. Once we got there, two men grabbed our
hands and pulled us in. when I came back, I found that I was tied in this
hospital bedroom to a bed.

Next to me on the other floor was... Hilda. The poor thing was tied as me.
However; she was not tied, and had a ring-gag in her mouth. Finely when my focus
returned to me I saw that five men used her. I saw the gag when this guy raped
her face. The 2nd man worked on her ass, and there was another who tore her ass.
The other two got a hand-job from her, as each used her hands for HIS pleasure.
When the men finished, they peed on her before they marched are out of the room,
and whipped her when she fell. Suddenly as I turned my head, I saw this woman
who told me that we are her property and since then we worked as a pair of
whores after we were trained.

As a pair of whores, we did EVERYTHING from: blowjobs to other humiliating
shows. In those shows we were fucked by: man, women, dogs, horses and donkeys.
Since we used to be an Americans; we received special orders for our show. The
show started with us dressed as a pair of American soldiers who were caught by
the "socialist" (as you ordered us to call them). The both of us were tied to
chairs, and one of the men began to cut Hilda's uniforms while a woman did the
same to mine..." Bertha said, before she broke in tears while Anne laughed. Once
Bertha calmed down; Anne interrogated her more for 30 minutes before she took
the sobbing slave out of the room.

Meanwhile, Latifa set in her study room, and was licked by her mistress and
personal sex-slave, Keisha, who was given to her by her wife, Anne. Now after
Keisha finely took over Moesha's life, Latifa was able to turn Keisha into a
very submissive person... even more then she was at the past. Suddenly just as
Latifa was about to tell Keisha to stop, there was a knock on the door, and a
few seconds later Sarit's head popped out as she asked: "may I come in Latifa? I
have a problem."

"Sure... Keisha: go rest on the couch." Latifa said, and Keisha replied.

"May I?" Sarit asked, as she looked together with Latifa at Keisha.

"Yes, what happened Sarit?" Latifa asked with a smile. She liked this girl from
day one. In Latifa's eyes Sarit was a miniature copy of Anne; carrying, gentle
when needed, polite, quite, doesn't share problems UNLESS she has no choice,
loyal and cute. For someone at the age of 19 Sarit looked like a porn-star, but
in her defense she was NOT the only one... after all there are: Anne, Latifa,
Lisa, Mitzi, and Simon as well as the Japanese mistresses. Other then that;
whenever this girl was in the area, Latifa knew that something interesting will
happen in that way OR another.

"Well... I have a problem. You see Latifa, I told a friend of mine about the
fact that someone called me a "kike." When we talked on the phone; she told me
that she'll support me when I will tell it to the group. However, yesterday when
I told it to the group; she betrayed me and decided that I will be alone. Yes
she talked about the act, but instead of what she told me; "I'm not your wife,
and I don't have ANY reason to be loyal to you. I didn't betray you..." now, my
question is: what do I need to do about that friend?" Sarit asked as she looked
strait into the BLACK woman's eye.

"Have you tried to talk with that friend, after the event?" Latifa asked, trying
to get more info.

"Yes, a few times. However, instead of listen to me and hear what I have to say:
she decided that I'm to blame for that fights that we had. She also decided that
I was offended by a foolish thing." Sarit replied with a sarcastic smile and
tone of voice.

"I don't get it; that girl called you a "kike", and your FRIEND called it "a
foolish thing?" I'm sorry Sarit, but if ANYONE called me: "Niger" then I would
kill them. If ANY of my friends would say that it is a foolish thing then I
don't know what I would do. Tell me: what was your reaction?" Latifa asked,
still in shock from what she heard.

"In which case?" Sarit asked.

"Let's start with the one who called you "kike", and then the other." Latifa
suggested.

"Well, at 1st I was in shock. You see Latifa; we never exchanged ANY words
between us. Suddenly after four months she called me a "kike" and "Kiky Jew." At
1st I was in complete disbelieve. Then I felt anger filled with sadness, and
that was when I began to curse that bitch saying that she is lower then a bug
and that I will squash her some day. Once I said that, I left the room and when
the counselor tried to talk with me I said: "it will be better if I shall leave
now before I will say anything worst." I was in complete shock Latifa, however,
the story was not ended. You see I came to the group with that subject, and all
I received was soft reactions. That whore called me a "kike" and as always I was
to blame." Sarit said, as a tear began to roll down her cheek.

"You know what Sarit? Maybe I need to take you to do some shopping." Latifa
said.

"Shopping?" Sarit asked confused.

"Yes shopping. You see Sarit, maybe you need to learn a few things about RAP.
You see there are a few songs there which may help you." Latifa said as she
grabbed Sarit's hand and took her shopping, as they still talked on the way to
the stables where their ponygirls, Milly and Liz, were already dressed and
waiting for them. Dressed in the usual ponygirl outfit.

* * * * * * *
Anne returned to her playroom with her blonde bimbos; Bertha and Hilda. However
the way in which each slave was dressed was changed. Each slave  wore: black
ankle-high 6" boots, main waist belt with crouch-strap, Posture collar, and
head-gear with pink large ball gag to show how they can suck. Other then that,
they had a leash attached to the back ring of the hood, and there arms were
trapped inside a leather arm-binder.

Once they were at the room, Anne led them to a door at the other side of the
room where she stripped the sobbing slaves. When Hilda and Bertha were naked,
Anne gave them to hospital gowns and forced them to wear it. Once both slaves
were dressed, Anne said: "now, I'm going to give you a few instructions. While I
will do that, you will go to that box over there and start to drink. According
to my account you peed 6 litters of water at the shows. That is exactly 4 big
bottles, and the day isn't over yet. Now go drink the water!" Anne ordered, with
a sadistic smile as she watched her slaves. Anne especially liked to see
Bertha's torment because she was the ONLY witnesses to the kidnapping of
Lora-Will wiggling their asses as they walked to the box.  She knew that her
slaves knew that, and was very upset. However, the good part in this mess was
that now she was free to abuse her slaves without ANY guilt.

Anne found that fact when she interrogated the slaves. However, no one will ever
know that the key witness against Anne and her daughter are part of Anne's
slaves.

As the helpless slaves began to drink the bottles, Anne informed them: "now,
both of you dressed in a hospital gown because you are going to take part of a
movie. The script that I gave you to learn will come to place. The 1st one to
talk is Bertha, so while you will do your job; Hilda will wait in this lovely
jail cell with the steel head-cage resting over her. This way I will be able to
torment the both of you. You see, as per my request, Bertha you were mentally
trained to posses: Nyctophobia (I know about the gang-bangs, infect I have ALL
the movies), and you also have; Cleisiophobia. Just look at that cell; you won't
be able to do ANYTHING. Now Bertha, throw Hilda to cell number 2 and let's go.
If you'll do great job then I'll let you to be in the cage and see Hilda's
performance by this monitor."

Once Bertha heard Anne's threat she did as she was told. When Bertha finished,
she followed Anne into the room which reminded her all of those bedrooms at the
hospitals in Germany. Then as she watched, Anne said: "now you are about to lie
on the bed strapped, and you'll say your lines like a well-behaved bitch. Now in
your hear there will be a miniature headphone that I will tell you orders thanks
to. I did it once with my accountant, Barbie Dahl, and she was great. However,
because she is dumber then you; her massage was easier. You see whore; you are
about to take the investigation away from me and send it back to Berlin... with
my help. Now jump on the bed and let's strap you before the DR. will arrive."

A few minutes later, Dita Jr. got into the room and began to play the part.

Meanwhile in another room, Sarit met with 2 of her friends who were a large
woman who wore plus-size clothes. Both girls liked Sarit because her point of
view was very strange for them, and they found her to be very interesting views.
Sarit never called them in any mean names, infect she was the only person who
they knew who encouraged them to start to model lingerie and cloths.

Since meeting Sarit, the girls's lives became VERY pleasant as the girl helped
them to get revenge. A few months ago, a couple called the 2 names like: cows,
Nigers, hippos and so on. The girls were in desperation until Sarit arrived into
their class. That day she took them to the ranch and became their; mentor, guru
and best friend together with Simon. After two all months of training, the two
began to try and get EVERY nit of information that they could about the couple.
Once they decided that they are ready, the game was on.

Both women were accompanied by their slaves: cunt, the man, and dyke. Poor dyke
was dressed in her school uniform which included: black patent shoes, ankle high
fishnet-stockings, short plated skirt which was only 5" above her knees and
because dyke was very tall so most of her legs were shown. Other then that she
wore white shirt which was tied around her waist, and a collar with a leash.

On the other hand, Sarit saw that cunt, who used to be very attractive man until
he became a slave, only wore a trenchcoat. However, Anne could see a leash
coming out of it, and understood that her "disciples" had his dick caged in a
cock-cage, and his balls were in a leather sack. Other then that, poor cunt had:
welts, shiners, marks and scars from his punishment.

As the captain of the local AMERICAN football team, cunt used to torment the
poor twins. In their nightmares he always appeared up as the hunter who wants to
kill them. There was no way which past without humiliation from him and the
head-cheerleader, dyke. However, ALL of that changed once the blackmail began.

Once the game was on, there was one change in the life of poor Dyke. The change
was having dyke wake up each morning later and later for her daily exercising.
As a result, about half way through the semester, Dyke was no longer performing
any exercises which resulted in a small change in her body. No longer did Dyke
has the physique of a hard body. She was looking less like a sharp angled
athlete and more like a soft, curvaceous and voluptuous woman.

Sarit on the other hand was accompanied by Edith "baby Edie" Peterson. Poor
Edith was dressed in her pink Pinifore, and her hair was held in pigtails. Other
then that, she had a white apron, and a strange looking collar. Over her feet,
she wore pink ankle-high socks with 5" platforms. Then for further humiliation,
she curtsied them obsequiously, if a little awkwardly, in anticipation of
serving her and both girls saw that she didn't have ANYTHING under the dress.

Poor Edith; once she was the imminently fair and evenhanded who played no
favorites. However, now on the other hand she was the slave of this girl who
kept her in humiliating positions in public. She remembered the evil grin that
Sarit had when she heard that her slave was part of the "American
establishment." However, for Sarit the helpless girl was not in the "1st 3 list"
as Anne called her desire to torture: Lulu, the current president's wife, Liz,
the U. N. Secretary General, and Milly, the former president.

"So Sarit, did you think about our suggestion?" one of the twins asked.

"Yes, and I also spoke with my CURENNET submissive, Simon, who encouraged me to
agree." Sarit replied, as both twins smiled.

"So, can we join her as your submissives?" the other twin asked.

"Sure, however there will be a few changes." Anne replied.

"What are they? We will do ANYTHING." The twins replied, as they stood next to
Edith and began to rub her sore ass. Before they arrived, Edith spilled Simon's
favorite perfume so she was whipped and spanked by the busty woman. The twins
knew it, and decided to make her pay. They loved Simon, but in Sarit's way which
meant that they loved both her and HER body.

"The 1st change is that the both of you will become bisexual. That way we will
be able to have sex, and you will be able to keep cunt and USE him at the same
time. I don't want you to be upset so I'm offering you that deal. The other
change is that your new names will be: Louise, and Michelle. That way your great
bodies and personas will be like Simon's; the same. And just so you'll know; to
help Sim' to forget her past, I changed her name from Susan to Simon. Now with
her new name, she feels sexy and acts the same. So do you agree?" Sarit informed
the twins, and watched as they made poor Edith to: moan, whine and pant loud
like a whore as she was forced to slip her hand under the dress and finger
fucked herself in public as the twins held her dress. The answer was clear.
However, ALL three knew that Sarit wanted to here the answer.

"Yes we accept that deal." Michelle, the older twin, answered as she spanked
Edith's ass, rushing her to work harder and faster as a crowd began to gather.
No one at the crowed came to help Edith because it was at the "special mall." As
the humiliated slut did her best to please: Sarit, the twins and the crowd, she
saw lot of women and men who she knew leashed and held by other women. ALL of
those slaves had their shoulders slumped unhappily in defeat like her, and then
it hit her: when she was enslaved at the 2nd time, her friends began to
disappear and here they were.

Suddenly as everything was bad, things got worst as Edith saw Romina L.
Milagros. Romina was one of Edith's prisoners. However, Edith never paid ANY
attention to her. Romina and Sarit shared a few things in common, but the most
important thing was that they liked to be mistresses. The two first met when
they went to a group which dealt with traumatic events. Sarit talked about the
death of her parents, what she felt, and so on. Romina on the other hand talked
about her time in prison and swore to get revenge in Sarit's hears. Romina
believed that Sarit will try to stop her, and that was why she was very confused
when the girl infect helped her to search and look for information about her
current slave, Edith's successor, the now former Warden, Bettie "Candy" Bravo.

Romina dressed Puta in a maid uniform which included black: 7" mules,
fishnet-stockings, garters, skimpy, spaghetti mini-dress which had a slit on
each side and showed her tits, a collar with a dog said which said in English
(at the back) and Spanish (at the front): "my name is Candy and I'm the property
of Mistress R'." other then that, Inez had a tiny apron and a doily cap.

"So Sarit, What you think about my slave; Candy?" Romina asked proud of her
accomplish.

"Not bad at all, Romi'. However, I have one question: what was that flash coming
from between her legs?" Sarit asked.

"Those are her locks. You see Sarit; I wanted to be the only one with access to
her pussy so I locked it with 9 locks. However, I did keep her a present between
those legs. Tell my friend about your present slut!" Romina ordered, before she
kissed her slut on the face. Then as Sarit watched, she saw that Bettie's face
had a tattoo of a pigeon on each side. Since Romina was a member of the
"outsiders club," she was given the choice on how o mark her slave: clothes,
tattoos, mark her with the iron as if she was a horse, or something else.

Romina chose three of the options: tattoos, marking her as if she was a horse
with the iron, and the something else. Once Romina broke the kiss, Bettie
answered almost hypnotically: "the present which mistress Romi left was a 12"
vibrator. Now whenever I'll try to escape she will be able to stop me.
Furthermore, now as her slave she can call summon me by pressing the remote in
her purse. When I feel the vibrations then I must stop EVERYTHING and attuned to
her desires. Since that month is the last month that I will work as a warden,
because I was fired then soon I will be her toy 24/7."

Once Candy finished, her mistress kissed her again, and they watched the show.

* * * * * * *
The door just got open, and Hilda saw poor Bertha on a wheelchair being pushed
by Anne. When the monitor suddenly went black, she could here her mother's
screams. Her mother's legs were inside an air as well as bondage wraps. Poor
bertha was dressed hospital pajama pants and in The Institutional Strait Jacket,
and she had a Neck and Spine Immobilizer which Anne used to used to use as a
lawyer to neither get more slaves or help her clients to get more money. Over
her eyes, Bertha had the classic blindfold. Inside bertha's mouth was a dental
mouth spreader. Bertha's hears were covered by a sound muffler which was covered
by the Neck and Spine.

To make it short: poor Bertha was sis-connected from the world, and no one could
save her. Even on the wheelchair, Bertha suffered as she was tied by
Velcro-belts which kept her in place no matter what Anne would do to her. As
Hilda looked on, she saw how Anne took a knife and began to cut her mother's
pants until nothing was left. Once Anne finished, she informed her slave; "your
mother was a very bad bitch. That is why she will remain in that position for
the next 72 hours. Your job will be to take care of her. For that time she will
be on a liquid diet, and that is why the ball with the tube is at her feet. Do
you understand me Hilda?"

"Yes mistress." Hilda replied in shame, when she saw Anne cutting two holes from
which Bertha's huge tits popped out. Once the tits were out, Anne began place
cloth-pins with over them. Once she finished, Anne pulled the rope and as the
cloth-pins fell; Bertha's screams reached Hilda who was helpless... or did she?
Suddenly as she saw her mother suffer, a smile reached Hilda's face, and Anne
saw it. However, she was their mistress AND she had enough of trainers... or at
least had until she turned ALL of them (accept for Miki and Dita Jr.) into
slaves. Then for a final torment, Anne turned on the air-conditioner on 16
degrees Celsius before she went to Hilda's cage and played with her balls.

As Bertha's screams began to echo, Anne took Hilda out of the jail-cell. When
Hilda was out of the cage; Anne forced her to be on her hands and knees, while
she fastened a collar around the girl's neck. Once the collar was secured, Anne
led the naked slave to her car and forced her to sit on the floor of the
passenger seat like a good puppy. When Hilda was at the position, Anne told her:
"now bitch, I saw how you liked your mother's pain. That is why you'll become my
private pet. You are my property now bitch and that is why we're going to the
mall where I'll get you the look. Until then I want you to place those balls on
the seat, bow your head and finger-fuck yourself. Now remember bitch: don't
come."

Then as Anne closed the door, her moral less bitch did as she was told. When
Anne got to the driver seat, she started the car just as her bitch had another
orgasm. Until they reached the local mall, Hilda was screaming and moaning. Anne
parked her car at her private space next to the elevator at the level which was
KEPT for the mistresses of the city ONLY. Then Anne took her bitch to the
elevator, and pressed on: 5- which was the level where the beauty parlors and
salons were.

When they got to their level, Anne took her to the boutique in which Lora-will
now worked. That boutique was owned by Anne, and according to her orders; Lora
was kept naked. Today Lora was used as the toilet of the house, and she gave
Anne evil eyes as her mistress got into the boutique. Anne led Hilda to a chair,
in which she set after Anne gave her permission. Hilda then listened as Anne
informed the woman at the counter before she left: "So Amanda, here is the
bitch. Now I'll leave her with you for the next month. When I will return I want
her perfect. If you will be good, then I'll buy what you asked."

Once Anne was out of the boutique, Amanda said: "now bitch; your mistress told
me that she decided to use you as her personal Barbie doll. You sure have the
measurements, and my job is to train you. Since she gave Barbie to Latifa as a
birthday present; her life became empty. However, thanks to your fantastic
body... and my treatment; Anne, your mistress, will get what she deserves:
you'll become her toy."

Suddenly when Anne was out of the parlor, her cellular phone rang and her mother
was on the line. Poor Lisa sounded very upset as she informed her daughter:
"An-Anna... (sob...) your grandfather... (sniffle...) he... he died."

As Anne heard that, she felt how she is slowly loosing control over her body.
Her hands became sweaty, her legs became stiff, she received a headache, and her
sight became so blur until she was forced to ask for help to get a bench. Slowly
Anne's skin became whiter then a ghost, and she suffered from not being able to
breath. Her heart ran faster, and her head twirled faster then a chopper. Her
situation was so bad that someone needed to hold the cellular phone for her.

To those who observed Anne, she looked more like a walking nightmare then as the
respected mistress that they knew her to be. according to Anne's mother, her
grandfather did not suffer as he died without any pains. For Anne that was a
little comfort as she knew how much her grandfather died. However, it was not
enough as Anne's grandma was now alone.

After a few minutes, when Anne finely was stabled by her friends she said:
"Y-you know what? Grandma will remain with us, and we will burry grandpa not far
from Sarit's parents." Before she hanged the phone and drank the bottle of water
which was handed to her by one of the shop keepers. This woman knew that Anne
was a lesbian. However, they had this game in which Anne teased her with her
body while he played with her tits. Seeing Anne in that situation broke her
hart, as this woman was nice to him and never humiliated her like the rest of
the mistresses. Anne on the other hand, knew that this woman was a submissive
and sometimes she used this for her advantage. However, the relations between
the mistress and the keeper were based on respect.

As Anne walked out of the mall she decided that after the funeral, she will get
Latifa and take her to a 3 weeks vacation. In her absence, she would ask
Morganna to take her place as the mistress, while Geri will take her place as
Sarit's legal adviser. It was clear for her that after that punch she won't be
able to work, and needed some time of after 7 years in which she worked 24/7 as
a mistress without ANY vacations.

The end of part_28.

The permissions:

1. Morganna, Shysty, Valkie, Justy, Granny were taken from the stories:
Supermom's Rose Garden, SuperGwendoline's Distress, Super Halloween, Silver
Valkyrie, Justice Scorned, Super Mother's Day, Morganna's Clinic and Super
Retribution by GW.
2. Judy Anderson was taken from the story: Punchin' Judy by GW. 
3. Rosy was taken from the stories: "Another Lesson" and "After School Lesson"
by GW.
4. Cynthia (power miss) was taken from the stories: "Fraulein Power's Trophies",
"Latin Holiday" and "Fraulein Power" by GW.
5. Herculea, Rachel, Purity, Summer Breeze, Uhurutu, Mei Ling and Camilla were
taken form the story: "Between Heaven and Hell" by GW.
6. U. N. Secretary General Elizabeth Wu, US President Simpson, and Ultrafemme
were taken from the stories: "First Encounter" and "Second Encounter" where they
join by "laser cat" by GW.
2. Mandi, Cindy and Caitlin were taken from the story: "Bimbo Dot Com", Brenda
Williams, her daughter, Jane Williams and Detective Jennifer Black were taken
from the story: "What Men Look for in Women", and Jamie was taken from the
story: "Jamie's new job", Mia, Dana and Sara were taken from the story: you bet
your brain" by MrGray. ALL of the characters are being used with the author's
permission.
3. Barbie\Barbara Derman and Dr. Brigs were taken from the story: "The lab rat"
by Musker, Ms. Waneright Twit, Twat, Charlene, Muffee, Dr. Stein and Karol were
taken from the story: Omens - a Halloween tale and it sequels by Musker and ALL
of them are being used with Musker's permission.
4. Moesha and Monique were taken from the story: "Kidnapped on their wedding
night" by Ted E. Bear and used with the author's permission.
5. Charlotte and Sherri were taken from the story: "Charlotte" by Parker,
Christina was taken from the story: "Christina" by Parker, Barbie Dahl was taken
from the story: "Career Opportunities" by Parker, Jen-Jen was taken from the
story: "Pool party" by Parker, Jennifer and Karen were taken from the story: 
"Dear diary" by Parker and Squealer was taken from the story: Squealer" by
parker. All of the characters are being used with Parker's permission and that
story may use Parker's characters but it is NOT a sequel to any of his stories.
7. The co-eds, Amber and Lynn were taken from the story: "Romance!" and also:
Cheryl, Brandi, Melody and Mistress Gretchen were taken from the story "Sheik
Rashid's Vengeance", JoJo, Joanne, Lisl, Mitzi, Kirsten, Cheryl, Patrice, Joy,
Tiffany and Ursula were taken form the story: "Yakuza Snuffbabes " and the
characters: Lisa Lovelace and Prosecutor Jane were taken from the story: "Psych
Hospital: Divorce Wars"+ Lillith Hardcastle, Ai-Ling, Minette, Nikki Bauer, the
former Mother Maccabeus, Vivian, Hope, Tawnee, Kelly Michelle, Ingrid and Linn
were taken from the story: "Hamburg Snuff Party" and Chrissy, Karla, Cynthia,
Pam, Vikki and Charlene were taken from the story: "a tale of Chinese torment"
and ALL of  the characters are used with Llabmik's (the author's) permission who
is the author of the story.
8. Catherine "Honey" Mitchell, Melissa "Mel" Mitchell, Bratty Sneers, Fate,
Kandy, Jennifer, Lynn "Baby" Kravitz were created and owned by Rebecca, and used
with her permission.
9. Anne (not Smith) was taken from the story: Cheerleader Picture by Ninja
Turtle.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Outsider


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





