BDSM Library - Breaking Jona




Breaking Jona
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sub Jona meets her online-Master for the first time.
Breaking Jona

It seems like yesterday when she was His slave. She was forever begging Him to
visit her in real life, use her, humiliate her, take her virginity, fuck her,...
Months have passed since that... Months in which she lost her virginity to
someone else, fucked someone else, but yet months in which there was hardly a
day on which she wasn't daydreaming about Him. She just couldn't get the
what-if's out of her mind. What IF He had come to see her,... What IF He had
fucked her and taken her virginity, used her, made her submit,...

Shaking her head she awoke from yet another daydream as she poured another cup
of coffee for another customer in the little cafe she was working.

It was quite busy tonight, most tables were occupied. Gradually, though, the
place emptied, and only a few tables were still full. Her eyes were wandering
round the room when a group of what had at first seemed like students of the
local university caught her eye. She noticed that they were speaking Dutch
amongst themselves but English to the other waitress.

She kept pouring coffees and serving food. One dish was for his table. "Who gets
the salmon baguette?" she asked. "That would be me," a dark voice said. It was
the man to her left. They looked at each other for a second, a smile on their
lips.

As she was walking away she wandered why he looked so familiar. Those
features... "Well," she thought "there are so many guests here every night,
maybe he was here before."

Just as she reached the coffee machine his friend got up and walked towards the
exit when he turned around and said "Hey Andy," and continued in Dutch. HE
replied something in Dutch as well, but even if it had been in English she
wouldn't have understood,... "ANDY?!" That was her former Master's name. They
were speaking Dutch, and her former Master was from the Netherlands. "No," she
thought, "that would be too much of a coincidence." She turned to face him and
her eyes opened wide in surprise and shock. "Oh my god," she kept thinking.
That's why he had looked familiar earlier. Now she recognized his features from
his picture she had looked at many times months earlier.

She was studying his features when he looked up and looked her straight in the
eyes. Blushing, she turned away.

She didn't know what to think or do. Could this be true, was this really
happening? WHY would he show up here now, after all these months of no contact?
What did he want? Did he even realize it was her?

Confused, she tried to avoid his table and his eyes for the rest of the evening,
and she tried to spend as much time in the bathroom as possible. when she
returned one time his table was empty. They had gone.

Even though she had been surprised and shocked earlier she could feel
disappointment creeping up in her now, realizing that he had left. Maybe it
wasn't him at all?

Her shift ended soon after. She was glad to be able to go home and relax, still
feeling different emotions running through her all the time. Shaking her head
again, she took her car keys and went to the exit.

The it happened. Just as she stepped through the door she saw HIM. He was
leaning against the wall right next to the door.

"Hi," he said, smiling at her knowingly. She couldn't say anything, couldn't
even think anything... All that went through her mind was 'Oh my god, oh my god,
oh my god,...' She just stood there staring at him in disbelief. "I had the
suspicion you recognized me arlier," he said and chuckled. "I,...
I,...,what,..." she stuttered, feeling like a fool.
"Oh, you're surprised to see me, aren't you, girl?" 'Hell, yeah,' she thought,
finally saying "What are you doing here?!?"
"Just paying you that visit you always craved for as I'm sure you remember."
'Shit. Shit, shit, shit.' "But..." she started, but before she could finish he
interrupted: "Aren't you gonna show me that car of yours then?" and nodded at
the keys in her hand.
"Um,.... sure," was all she managed to say, and went to unlock the doors of her
car which was parked right outside the cafe. She got in, not even taking her
coat off, just glad to finally be able to sit down because her knees had started
to feel a bit weak. He got into the passenger seat, closed the door, and
silently studied her face.
She suddenly felt embarrassment creeping up in her. This was the man she had
chatted with a milion times. This was the man who had seen her naked and
humiliating herself in lots of pictures she had taken for him. This was the man
who she had confessed her darkest most embarrasing fantasies and desires... This
was the man she had cum for lots of times, the man who used to know every
detail: when she peed, when she masturbated, what she thought while she touched
herself, everything! And there he was now, in her car, right next to her for the
first time, looking at her closely.
She couldn't bare to look him in the eye, thinking of all the dirty details he
knew about her.
"Well," he finally broke the silence,"Are you going to show your old Master your
little place then, slave girl?"

Smiling she started the car, driving to her place... Not knowing what would
happen and IF anything would happen at all she laughed nervously. "What, my
little slave slut?" he asked, smiling at her. "I know, you can't wait to kneel
for me, can you? You want to kneel for me, you want to take my hard cock in your
slave mouth and suck it for me, don't you?" She didn't know what to think or
say... They hadn't talked in months, they both had their separate lives now...
She couldn't just submit to him, just like that... Or could she?... The
throbbing in her cunt suggested she could. 'My god,..." she thought,"just to
hear Him talk about it makes me wet, am i insane?!'

He kept on teasing her, telling her all these little things that drove her wild,
and all the time He was stroking her cheek, brushing the hair out of her face.
"I bet your panties are soked, little girl, aren't they? Tell me, is your cunt
wet, little one?"
Sighing she thought 'oh what the heck, why not,' and whispered "yes." "What, my
little slut, I cannot hear you?"
"Yes, my panties are soaked," she admitted,.... adding a whispered "Sir." "What,
slut, speak up a bit and say that again, would you?" he insisted. It all seemed
like a little game, He was teasing her and she had decided to go along with it.
"Yes, Sir, my pussy is wet, Sir." she repeated, louder this time. "Oh, is it
really" he laughed. "How come that doesn't surprise me?" Still playing with her
hair they spent the last two minutes of the drive in silence. He, studying her
face closely; she, confused and strangely excited.

She wasn't sure where this was leading... Surely she had begged Him to visit her
and fuck her and use her and humiliate her... But that was ages ago. A lot of
things had happened in between, and it hadn't been clear at all if they'd ever
meet up in real life. How on earth could she be walking up the stairs to her
apartment next to Him right now, her pussy wet and throbbing?! She still didn't
know whether to like what was going on or whether she should just make it clear
that this wasn't going to lead anywhere. Her body told her YES but her mind kept
saying NO. The rational part in her kept thinking 'don't do this, what if He
turns out to be some sort of maniac after all?' but her cunt was betraying her,
wanting it so bad. Her cheeks must have been fire-red as she blushed, feeling a
wave of shame flowing through her thinking of how horny this made her.

The second she had closed the door behind them he turned her around and pressed
her against the door with one swift motion. His body pressed hard against hers.
She couldn't look into his eyes but looked down instead. He waited for her
breathing to calm down, softly took her chin in his hand and lifted her head so
she had to look him in the eyes. His soft movement contrasted with his strong
body pressing her hard against the door.
"Well, here we are," he finally said, tenderly caressing her cheek. "Now, you
know what this means, little one,... there are two options, I have made up my
mind or else I wouldn't be here, the rest is up to you. ... Either you tell me
to knock it off, make it clear you don't want to 'play,' and I'll be back out
that door before you know it... OR you tell me what you really want, what you
crave, what you want me to do to you..." Her heart was racing. This was it, her
last chance to get out of this situation. "I.., I...," she stuttered. "Do you
want me to stay?" he asked again. She didn't reply, thoughts racing through her
mind. "Well, in that case," he said,"I'll be on my way then." and let go of her,
opening the door.

'No, no, no' her mind was screaming. 'This is your fantasy come true, don't blow
it, girl.' "No," she called out, "no, please don't leave." He was already
walking down the hallway. "Please,... please, Sir,..." she cried, running after
Him. Without taking any notice of her he kept walking. "Sir, please stay," she
begged, sinking to her knees trying to get a hold of His leg. She was suddenly
very scared He might really leave her again, her needs forever unfulfilled since
it was clear He would never return. Tears of frustration started to stream down
her face. He stopped walking and looked down at her. There she was, on her
knees, holding on to His leg, crying and whispering "Please don't go" over and
over again. His slave girl! A sudden sense of pride crept up in Him, and a mild
smile started to form on his lips. "Look at me," he demanded. She looked up,
looking Him in the eyes. "What are you?" he asked. They were still in the middle
of the hallway, anyone could pass by at any moment and discover the little
scene. "I am a slave slut, Sir." she obediently replied. "Whose slave slut are
you?" "I am Your slave slut, Master, to serve and please You, Sir." she replied
without even having to think about it. All the things He had taught her a long
time ago came back now. For the first time in ages she felt truly submissive
again.
He smiled at her and said "Get back in the apartment, slave girl." She got up
and as she started to walk towards her door she realized the mistake she made.
At the same moment she could feel His hand grabbing her hair. "Who told you
you're allowed to 'walk'?" he hissed, pushing her back down on her knees. "I'm
sorry, Sir, I wasn't thinking,.. I'm sorry," she apologized. He just sternly
replied "We'll deal with that later, lil slut. Now crawl!" "Yes, Sir." Feeling
more humiliated than ever before in her life she started crawling. Of course she
had been humiliated by Him many times, in much more degrading ways over the
internet earlier. But this was real life, the real thing,... and it felt so much
more intense. She couldn't believe how horny it made her to crawl around on the
floor, His eyes resting on her ass as He followed her. They got back into the
apartment, and he closed the door.

He strode over to the sofa and sat down, His eyes never leaving His little wet
slut who was still kneeling by the door. "Up here," He told her, His right hand
pointing to His right side. Hesitantly she got up, slowly approached Him and sat
down as He instructed. He started stroking her hair for at least two minutes,
silently studying her face. "I really hate to begin our meeting like this, slut,
but you seem to have forgotten a few rules, my little one." he finally broke the
silence. She looked down, feeling really stupid for having disappointed Him at
the very start of their first meeting.
Just as she was saying "I'm sorry, Sir" He grabbed her hair, yanked her head
back and pulled her over His lap. She gasped and let out a little sound,
startled by His roughness.

There she was, lying across His lap, His hands stroking up and down her back and
across her ass.
She could feel her cunt getting wetter and wetter. With a sudden yank He pulled
the back of her pants and panties down, exposing Her bare ass. She twitched and
moaned a little, more in surprise than anything else. "Mmm...," she could hear
Him say,"Now I finally get a chance to give that little ass of yours what it
needs, right, slave girl?"

Slowly His hand moved over her exposed ass. The sensation of HIS fingers on her
skin sent shivers down her spine. She felt His hand leave her skin for a moment
before it cracked down on her right ass cheek. She gasped a little and
remembered how He had taught her to count out aloud when being spanked, and to
thank Him after each slap. That was online, though, and now -lying across His
lap in real life for the first time, her cunt dripping wet from the humiliation-
she was too self-conscious to REALLY humiliate herself even more by begging Him
for another.
When she stayed quiet He slapped her again, harder this time. "I'm waiting,
slut, are you not forgetting something?" She had no other option than doing what
she had to. "One, Sir, thank You." she whispered. SLAP! "I cannot hear you,
slave slut." "Two, Master, thank You!" she counted louder. SLAP! "Three, Sir,
thank You." SLAP! SLAP, SLAP, SLAP! His hand came down hard on her exposed ass,
again and again... As her ass turned into a dark shade of red she started to
feel the pain of his slaps more and more... SLAP! "Ten, Master, thank You." She
was hoping He'd stop at ten but He didn't. SLAP! Ouch... It really started to
hurt now as this was her first spanking ever and she wasn't used to the
sensations. Together with the pain she could also feel the pleasure rise between
her legs. SLAP! She was beginning to get teary-eyed but she was desperately
fighting against her tears; she didn't want to seem like a whimp, crying from a
mere spanking. SLAP! "Sixteen, thank You, Sir." SLAP! "Mmmm....seventeen,
Sir..." SLAP, SLAP, SLAP! For the first time He stopped, His hands gently
stroking her fire-red bottom. "Will you get up and walk again without my
permission, slut?" "No, Sir, thank You for teaching me." she replied, feeling
very dumb again about the stupid mistake she made earlier. "Good, slut. Now....
Shall we see what our little pussy is doing? I bet it is soaking wet, little
one." With that His hand pushed her legs apart some more and His fingers gently
moved in between them. Her pussy lips were obviously glistening wet; a little
chuckle escaped His lips when his fingertips reached her wet lips. "Mmm... We
were enjoying that, weren't we, slut?" "Yes, Master," she replied, blushing at
the thought of Him looking at her wet pussy, exploring her moistness with His
gentle fingers. She felt ashamed for being so obviously aroused by the spanking.
His fingers slid up and down her cunt lips, spreading the moistness. A shudder
went through her and she twitched when His fingers moved up to tease her clit.
It felt like bolts of electricity rushing through her body. HIS fingers on her
clit... "Mmmmm....," she couldn't help but moan at His touch. He kept rubbing
her clit which was almost too much for her. Her hips started gyrating, trying to
press her clit against His fingers. With another little chuckle He removed His
hand and slid it down her pussy again, parting the lips and pushing one, then
two fingers up her cunt. They slid in easily with all her juices flowing...
"Mmmmmmmm.... Master...." she moaned. His fingers started fucking her... in and
out, in and out,... faster and faster... "Oohh..mmm....," she couldn't help
herself but wince in pleasure, her hips bucking wildly.
He knew just what she liked, which touch would send her over the edge... His
expert fingers everywhere, fucking her, rubbing her clit, then again stroking
those red ass cheeks... Just when she thought she couldn't take it anymore
without exploding into an intense orgasm He withdrew His fingers. "Don't even
think about cumming, slave slut!" he hissed. "mmhh..." She moaned in
frustration, feeling horny as hell but not being allowed to cum.
"What's Your purpose, slave girl?" he asked her. "My purpose is to serve You,
Master," she managed to reply, still a bit out of breath. "Very good, my little
slut. That's why I'm not sure whether you should be aloud to cum at all this
weekend. I'll consider it if you please me like I taught you, but don't raise
your hopes, little girl. Is that understood?" "Yes, Sir, i understand."
He lifted her off His lap and ordered her to kneel before Him. Her pants and
panties slid down her legs a bit more as she got down on the floor, but she
didn't dare to touch them. So she was kneeling at His feet, her pants and
panties around her ankles. "Spread your legs, slut," he ordered. Immediately she
spread her knees, exposing her dripping shaved cunt, her ankles tightly held
together by her own panties and pants.
His head motioned at His crotch. "To work, slut!"

Her hands unbuckled His belt, unzipped His trousers and gently took out her
Master's large cock. "Thank You, Sir, for allowing me to please You." She was
aware that it was an honour to be allowed to suck His cock. It was not
completely hard yet, so she started to tease it with her tongue, flicking it
across the tip, licking up and down the shaft in quick movements,... I didn't
take long before His cock was fully erect. She took the tip in her mouth,
teasing it with the tip of her tongue, then taking His whole cock in, all the
time her tongue flickering across the very tip of His gorgeous cock. She could
hear Him moan a litlle, almost inaudibly. His hands reached down and held her
head firmly in place as He started fucking her slave mouth. In and out,... in
and out,... again and again, all the time holding her head in His firm grip. He
was raping her mouth, just using it for His pleasure because that's exactly what
it's there for. Her lips tight around it, He kept pushing it in all the way and
out again... He pushed it in so far she almost gagged a couple times. She could
feel the juices flow again between her legs. How degrading this was, having to
kneel with spread legs and being used like an object, existing only to give
pleasure... And how horny this made her. She didn't know what was more
humiliating, her mouth being fucked like a true slut's, or her cunt getting
wetter with every stroke...
"Mmmmm..." "Aahh..." With one last stroke He withdrew His cock just in time to
have His delicious cum squirt all over her face. Her eyes, her lips, her hair,
her cheeks were all covered, it even went up her nose!
Eagerly she started licking His wonderful cum off her lips. His hand patting her
head. "You obviously got some practice during those last few months since we
last talked, my little slut." he chuckled.
Embarassed she looked down. Embarassed but still happy that He was pleased with
her performance.

"Now, slave girl, I think you've earned yourself a little reward after all.
Would you like to cum too, slut?" he inquired. With her juices running down her
thighs she replied "Yes, Master, may Your slut please cum for You, Sir? Please?"
she begged. He reached down to take off the shirt she was still wearing and
removed her bra, exposing her small cute tits. "Take off those ridiculous pants
and panties around your ankles!" He demanded. "Yes, Sir," she whispered, quickly
pulling off her remaining clothes. Now she was kneeling at His feet completely
naked. "You wanna cum slut, so go on then, show Your Master what you do when
you're alone in your bed, thinking of your Master's cock fucking you. Come one,
if you want to cum do it yourself. I'll be watching your every move!"
'No,' she thought, 'i cannot do this.' Anything but that. She had confessed to
Him months earlier that one of her fantasies was to be forced to masturbate in
front of someone, and she reported back to Him countless times when she
masturbated imagining Him watching her. But now, in REAL life? She felt a
strange wave of humiliation and excitement going through her. She couldn't
possibly degrade herself like that... But no touching herself would mean no
cumming.

Without another word He got up and walked over to His bag. She didn't dare to
raise her head to look what He was doing; she was still busy being scared
anyway... Could she humiliate herself like that, make herself cum in front of
His very eyes? She was so overwhelmed by her own fear and excitement that she
hadn't heard Him walk back over to the sofa. "Look at me," He demanded. She
raised her head and couldn't believe it. She was looking straight into a video
camera, the red light flashing. A look of panic appeared in her face. This was
too much. Not on camera... Who knows where the tape could end up?! "Sir,..." she
started to say when he interrupted. "What are You?" he asked. The whole
situation became too much for her. Aware of the embarassing picture she was
providing she suddenly felt completely powerless, completely under His spell and
at His mercy. Not being able to resist anymore she answered "I am Your slave
slut, Sir, existing just to please and entertain You, Master." "Good, slut, go
on then... entertain me!" he demanded with a smile on His face.
She wasn't anything anymore but His slave, His property, there to please Him. In
that moment all her inhibitions and shame fell from her and her hands started to
move over her body. Over her breasts, at first,... her fingertips teasing her
nipples which had become hard a long time ago. She suddenly felt so aroused,
horny like never before. Her fingers just had to dive down between her spread
legs. Stroking her own pussy lips, back and forth, her fingers parting the lips,
sliding inside herself. With her other hand she kept playing with her nipples.
Her right hand was fucking herself as her left hand was sliding down in between
her legs as well. Her left index finger started rubbing her clit, while her
other hand was still fucking her cunt all the time. "MMmm..... aahhhh," moan
after moan came from her lips. Her eyes sometimes closed, sometimes looking
straight at Him and the camera. Mmm.., she couldn't take it anymore... "Sir, may
i come?? Please, PLEASE," she screamed and moaned at the same time. "No, slut,
no cumming yet," he ordered. "Pleeeaase,,,,, please, Sir, please,..." she
begged. What a sight she made! Kneeling at Her Master's feet, fucking herself
like a slut and begging to be allowed to make herself cum! And all that in front
of a camera! "Mmm... please, Master, please," she kept screaming. "No!" was His
only reply. She heard Him but couldn't take it anymore, she tried hard not to
cum and displease Him but it was too much, she finally gave in. Her body spasmed
into wave after wave of one of the most intense orgasms of her life.
"Aahh..mmmm" she was moaning and gyrating her hips... After what seemed like an
eternity she finally seemed to come back to her senses and realized what she had
just done. This must have been the worst mistake she could have made. Cumming
without permission! She lowered her head, afraid of His reaction but even more
upset about disappointing Him so much. "I'm sorry, Sir,.. I didn't mean to..
Sir, please forgive me,....." she stuttered.
Putting the camera down he said "I am very disappointed in you, slave slut. Is
this what I taught you??!!" Tears of disappointment and sadness at having
displeased Him started to form in her eyes.
"You are aware of the fact that I cannot tolerate such behaviour, slut?" "Yes,
Sir," she whispered, her head still lowered, not daring to move a muscle.
With one swift movement he pulled His belt off his trousers. "Get over there and
lean over," he ordered, pointing to her desk.

Without the slightest hesitation she went over to the desk and bent over it as
He had ordered. "Spread your legs, slut," he demanded and pushed her legs
further apart with his foot. "I am not pleased at all with your selfish
behaviour, slave girl," he said, playing with his belt. "You really seem to need
a little lesson to refresh your poor memory, don't you??" "Yes, Sir," she
whispered, terrified at the thought of what was in store for her any second now.
At that very moment He raised His arm and His belt came down on her ass for the
first time. While the sharp pain was still shooting through her she managed to
count "One, Sir, thank You."
SMACK SMACK SMACK... He did not give her a rest but kept on hitting her ass with
His belt without mercy while she was all the time obediently counting out aloud
and thanking Him after each stroke. It didn't take long till she had tears
streaming down her face. She really thought she couldn't stand another single
blow. SMACK Ouch.. Her ass hurt so much now, she started sobbing... "I'm
waiting, slut," she could hear Him say,"How many was that? Or do I have to start
over?" "E-e-eighteen, S-Sir," she cried out. SMACK She started to scream in pain
and was sobbing so hard now that she couldn't continue counting. He waited till
she found the breath to thank Him, just as the next blow came down on her
exposed ass.
Her ass was red as fire and stinged like hell. He really hadn't made it easy on
her but hit her ass with full force. It felt like she wouldn't be able to sit
for a whole month.
After the twentieth blow He stopped, put the belt away and moved closer towards
her, putiing His hands on her red stinging ass. Gently He stroked her ass
cheeks. "What did you learn today, slave slut?" he asked. In between sobs she
replied "Sir, i..i..i learned that i will never cum without Your permission,
Sir. Thank You for teaching me."
"You're quite welcome, my little slut," he chuckled.
He turned her over and held her tightly, looking at her face. Her eyes were
still teary, and her whole face looked swollen, streams of tears having run down
her cheeks. It made Him smile. 'She is beautiful when she has cried,' he thought
to himself. His lips touched hers and He kissed her gently.
Her legs finally gave in, and she collapsed in his arms. Smiling, he carried her
to the bed and gently laid her down. "Get some rest, little one, the night has
only just begun."

She woke up, slowly coming to her senses.... Slowly she opened her eyes,
blinking to get used to the light. She realizied she was lying on her bed
completey naked. As she turned her head she could see Him sitting in the big
armchair at the end of the bed.
He studids her for a moment and then said "Well, finally my little slut came to
her senses... Now... Turn around and get on all four, slut!" Having just woken
up, she aws still too confused to do anything but obey Him without any
hesitation.
Slowly she got on her hands and knees, her butt facing Him. Already she could
feel her cunt react to the realization that He could see EVERYTHING from this
angle. Why her cunt seemed to crave this humiliation, she had no idea. Just when
she thought there was no position that could give Him an even better view of her
most private parts, she heard Him say "Very well, slave girl, ... and now spread
those ass cheeks for your Master!" For a second she hesitated.. This was
something she REALLY hated.... This was just that bit too much... exposing her
ass, fine,.. but willingly spreading her own ass cheeks and expose her own
asshole to someone? Could she really do that?? She felt like crying but was
afraid of getting into trouble again should she fail to carry out such a simple
order. So she reluctantly reached back and slowly spread her asscheeks, allowing
Him full view of her little asshole. "Mmm.. That's a good girl," he uttered,
obviously pleased at what he saw. "Now, slut," he continued,"I remember you
quite liked having things up your ass.... Just remind me, will you, of the sorts
of things I used to make You stick up your own ass, lil one." She had to
swallow. Was He serious? Did He really want her to repeat back all the
embarassing things He had made her do to herself?
"W-well, Sir," she started... "I..umm... I often had to put vibrators up my
slave ass, Sir. And.. and.. the most ridiculous thing i used was a carrot,
Sir,... a few times i fucked my own ass with a carrot, Master." "Good, girl,
continue,..what was the most embarassing thing Your Master has made You stick up
Your ass, slut?" he demanded. "Sir,.. the most embarassing thing is when You
order Your sluit to stick Her own finger up her ass and fuck herself with it."
"Is that right, you little whore? Well, how about showing me just what You
mean..."
Her cunt was getting wet instantly.... Slowly she reached further back and
inserted her right middle finger into her slave hole..... "Deeper, slut!" ... It
went in deeper and deeper. "Good, whore, and now fuck your own little asshole!"
"Mmm...," she let out a little moan and started moving her finger in and out of
her asshole.. In and out...in and out... She was getting hornier by the second..
imagining herself, the sight she made, on all four in front of Him, her knees
apart, fucking her ass with her own finger... "Mmmmm..."... she moaned harder
and harder, really ejoyign the sensations, a mixture of pleasure and utter
humiliation, knowing He was watching her every move. he fucked herself faster
and faster, moaning louder and louder.... till he said "Stop, you lili slut,
that's enough! Aren't you ashamed of yourself?? Fucking your own ass in front of
your Master, and nearly bringing yourself off??" "Yes Sir," she whispered....
half humiliated and half frustrated that he made her stop...
"Well, you little slut,.. I know just what that little ass of yours deserves!"
he said while His right hand started unzipping His pants.

This was the moment of truth... Online she had always bragged about being able
to take anything and everything He might be able to dish out. She had even told
Him that she had her ass fucked without lube several times, and that she
wouldn't need any lube with Him either. Oh how she regretted that statement
right now! He released His thick hard cock, and moved closer. "Hmmm.... so, I
remember you were very sure about takign my cock in your ass without any lube,
slut, weren't you?" "Y-yes, S-sir,..." she stuttered, not feeling brave enough
to bed Him to use lube. Even though this evening she already felt more
humiliated than ever before in her life, she still had that last bit of pride
left, He still had not broken her completely. She didn't want to give Him the
satisfaction of seeing her beg for lube, now that she was facing reality for the
first time.
"Right, slut..." He said, grabbing her ass cheeks. Without a word of warning He
rammed His cock up her slave cunt. Being taken completely by surprise she let
out a gasp... "I know you like it hard up your little wet slave cunt, don't you,
lil one?" "Mmm.. yeess Sir..." she managed to reply in between moans, as He slid
His hard cock in and out of her cunt, His hands pressed tightly onto her hips,
pulling her back on His cock with every move. Harder and harder he rammed His
cock into her, hard without mercy, without any regard to her feelings, just
using her body for His pleasure. He was fucking her so hard like noone else
before in her life.... This was already driving her crazy.. she let out wild
moans and gasps, feeling horny as hell... Just when she thought she couldn't get
any hornier He started talking to her.. in the way that would send her over the
edge any given time... "MM.. well, you little cunt.. Do you like having your wet
cunt fucked by your Master?" "Mmmm yess Siirr..mmm".. "You're such a fucking
slut! Spreadingn your ass for me, masturbating in front of the camera....
fucking your own asshole in front of me.... You dirty whore! What are you??!"
"Mm.. i'm a dirty lil whore, Sir,.. nothing but Your horny slut to be used by
You Sir..mmmmmmmm" she managed to reply.... "Yes, that's right! You're my fuck
toy, my property! Just a piece of fuck-meat, is that clear?! "Yes Sir..."
"You're a fucking slut! A fucking ass slut! What are you?" "I'm a fucking slut,
Sir, Your little dirty ass slut, Master."

With that he suddenly pulled His dick out of her soaking cunt and pressed it
against her asshole.... With one sudden shove He pushed it deep ono her ass
without warning. "AAahh..." She let out a scream, as the pain shot through
her..... "Ah, well, how do you like that, my little slut? How does my big cock
feel, slamming into your tight ass, huh?!" She could feel her thick cock filling
her ass completely.... He wasn't taking it easy at all but slammed it into her
hard and fast.... She was feeling a mixture of sharp pain but also immense
pleasure... Not only did it physically feel good, but the whole situation turned
her on incredibly... Being on all four, getting her ass fucked by a man she had
only met for the first time in real life a few hours ago..... As if He could
read her thoughts He said: "My my...you're such a slut! Getting your ass fucked
by a near stranger you've never meet in person before! You know you're a whore,
don't you?" "Yessss, Sir... your slut is nothing but a whore.. YOUR whore,
Sir...mmmmmmmmmmmm" she replied in between moans. "That's right, bitch!" She was
getting hornier and hornier.. His calling her names alone nearly made her
explode... She was so ashamed being called whore and slut and cunt, but at the
same time her body betrayed her... her cunt was dripping, her ass tight around
His cock.... "I'm sure my little ass slut can come from getting that asshole
fucked hard, can't she?" He teased her. "MMm......" re couldn't even reply, but
merely moan and gasp... THis was too much ... In a moment she would humiliate
herself completely by coming without any other stimulation but having her ass
fucked and being called degrading names. Mmmmm... That though only made her even
hotter.... Again and again His dick slammed into her asshole, and after two more
strokes she couldn't take it any longer.. She gave into the immense feeling
risign in her cunt..... Letting out a loud scream she gave into the most
powerful orgasm she had had in a while, if not ever... "MMMmmaaahhhh..." Scream
after scream escaped her lips....
Just when she came back down after her incredible cum, He pulled out His cock,
grabbed her and threw her around, just in time to cum all over her face and
tits....
"Thank You, Sir" was all she could mutter before collapsing onto the bed.
"You're welcum, my lil one," He replied, satisfied and proud of His fuck
property.
But still it seemed He had not broken her completely. And that was what He
wanted. To have her submit completely, do anything without even the last spark
of pride or unwillingness.
He would have to change that...

"Well, well... Look at you, my little slut!" he chuckled. "That's the way I like
my sluts to look: covered in your Master's cum! But I think we should clean that
off, don't you think?" he teasingly asked her. Not sure what He wanted to hear,
she remained silent, looking up at Him withher head slightly tilted, unsure of
what he had in mind.
"To the bathroom, slut!" he ordered.
Her whole body ached after being both beaten and raped by her owner... It took
her quite some effort to get off the bed and on her knees... Feeling her butt
sting and her pussy throb, she started crawling towards the bathroom. He was
following close behind, getting a good view of her bruised ass.
"Well, slut," he started once they had reached the bathroom, "come to think of
it, i'd like to see you pee for me before I'll allow you to clean yourself up!"
She couldn't beliee her ears. After all that he still wanted to humiliate her
more... PEE for him! She even had a problem peeign with someone in the next
cubicle in a public lavatory, let alone willingly piss in front of someone's
very eyes! In shock she looked up at Him, noticing a grin on His face. "That's
right, my little dirty whore, you heard me! You're lucky it's my good day, that
means you even get to use the toilet instead of a bowl. ... Slut, can't hear
you!!" "Thank You, Sir," she managed to whisper, still not able to move due to
the shock she was in. She actually DID really need to pee as she hadnt been all
evening, but she was horrified at the thought of doing it in front of Him. "I'm
waiting, slut! Get to the toilet and squat over it like a good little slut
would!" Tears started to build up in her eyes... This was the biggest
humiliation imaginable for her. Slowly ad hesitatingly she got up, and managed
to squat over the toilet, just as he had ordered. Her knees were shaking, as she
spread her knees and stuck her butt out. "Very good, honey, and now piss for
Your Master!" He demanded.
Her tears were now flowign freely, the embarassment made her face blush, and to
her horror her cunt twitch again. This frustrated her even more. Why was this
horrible degrading situation making her horny??? She desperately tried to pee as
she wanted this horrible situation to stop as soon as possbible, but she just
couldn't go.... "Come, slut, Your Mater hasn't got all day! Piss for me, NOW!"
Like her tears were running down her red face, her bladder finally gave in and a
slow stream started to flow from between her legs... There she was.... squattign
over a toilet, PISSING for a man she had never met before in her life! She had
never felt so embarassed but also so incredibly horny... "Look into my eyes!" he
demanded. She lifted her glance and loked straight into Her owner's eyes while
she was pissing for Him. "That's a good girl," He commented with a smile on his
face.
After what seemed like an eternity, the trickle between her legs finally
stopped. Her ordeal was over... or so she hoped.

"THat's a good little slut. But haven't you forgotten something, lil one?"
"Thank you Sir," she answered. "Thank you for WHAT, slut??!" "Thank You for
allowign Your slut to piss for You, Sir," she mumbled, her face a bright red.
"You are quite welcum, lili one!" he smiled. "Now.... what do you say we clean
that cum off your face, honey? .... Knnel!" She obeyed immediately, kneeling at
His feet, still in front of the toilet.
"Face the toilet, slut. I'll give you what you deserve for being such a horny
little bitch, masturbating and pissing in front of me!" With a sudden moe he
grabbed her hair and pushed her face into the toilet, into her own piss that was
still there. She was taken completey by surprise and struggled, crying out loud,
but to no avail.
"Now, slut, here comes your cleansing wash!" with that he loughed and flushed
the toilet, holding her face firmly in it. "How do you like that, you whore,
huh?" She was completely helpless and humiliated, but her body betrayed her once
again. With her knees spread, her face in her own piss in the toilet and her
Master flushing her at the same time, her cunt juices started to run down her
spread legs. She was horrified... "No no no..." was all she could manage to
think.... "Please, I don't weanna cum in this situation, please nooo..." she
thought, trying hard to fight the building orgasm in her cunt. At that moment
she felt His thumb on her clit. "Cum, slut. Cum for You Master!" "MMm..
aarrgghh.." She could feel the water around her face, His thumb mercilessly
rubbing her clittie, her humiliation turning her on endlessly, and she gave
in.... She gave in to her feelings of complete submission. She realized this was
what her place was... At someone's feet, her face down a toilet.... Comletely
submittign herself to Him. THat was it... Her cunt started contracting, she
started to cum,... He pulled her hair back and looked her in the eyes, looking
down at her wet face from above. She was screaming and shaking uncontrollably..
cumming and cumming... It seemed to never stop...

After an immense cum, He finally let go of her hair. "Thank You Sir" was all she
could say befoere collapsing onto the floor sobbing uncontrollably. This was
it... All borders were down, all boundaries seized existing.. She was His and
His completely. No reservations, no thoughts, just property, just complete
submission. He had broken her. Now she would be His forever, completely.

He bent down to her and picked her up... Gently ge placed her into the bathtub.
"Now, honey, before I take you to bed for the night, there's one last thing I
had promised you I'd do to you, didn't I?"
She was still sobbing from the intense experience she just had, but she was
still completely immersed in her submission. "Look at me, honey," he demanded, "
I will now piss on you, on my property!"
With that he took out his cock again and moved closer to the tub.
"See what you are... you are nothing, you are my property, and nothing but
that!" AS he said those words he started to pee.... aiming at her hair, her
tits, her back... "Look at me!" he ordered. Still crying, she looked up at Hi,
straight into His eyes... "Open your mouth slut!" Without hesitation she opened
her mouth and looked Him straight into the eyes. Hiss piss filled her mouth as
he aimed stright for her face. "That's a good girl. Is my girl enjoying being
used as her Master's toilet?" She nodded as she felt His warm piss runnign all
over her naked body. She had been reduced to nothing... to nothing but an
object, a piece of property with no value other than the one He gave her by
using her. She was not her own person anymore, she was completely His. No
thoughts, no pride, no spark of inner resistance, not even any of those ironic
thoughts she always used to have, just to disguise her real desire of true
submission.

This was what she realized in that moment. All those times when she was a smart
ass, when she had talked back to Him, trying to be ironic or cynical about their
games, all those times she was merely too proud to admit to what she really
craved, to ashamed to even admit to herself that this was what she was born to
do, that all she really really was, was a dirty little slut. Her Master's whore.
Nothing else. And there was nothing else she ever would be.

He was done pissing, and she opened her eyes, His piss stinging in them. They
looked at each other, into their eyes.. He, lookign down at her, and her,
looking up at Him. Looking at each other, they both realized in that moment,
that this was it, the ultimate .... The deepest sense of dominance and
submission there could be. He owned her, and she was nothing but HIS.
A slight smile formed on their lips.... But just for a second, then He
immediately took control again. He turned on the shower, gently pulling her up.
Proudly, He started washing her gently, the warm water flowing over the curves
of her body. He washed every inch of her body, all the time not saying a word.
Gradually, she calmed down and stopped sobbing.
When he was done completely cleaning her, he leaned forward and gently kissed
her lips. Still no word was necessary to explain the bond that was now between
them and forever would be.










It seems like yesterday when she was His slave. She was forever begging Him to visit her in real life, use her, humiliate her, take her virginity, fuck her,...Months have passed since that... Months in which she lost her virginity to someone else, fucked someone else, but yet months in which there was hardly a day on which she wasn't daydreaming about Him. She just couldn't get the what-if's out of her mind. What IF He had come to see her,... What IF He had fucked her and taken her virginity, used her, made her submit,...Shaking her head she awoke from yet another daydream as she poured another cup of coffee for another customer in the little cafe where she was working. It was quite busy tonight, most tables were occupied. Gradually, though, the place emptied, and only a few tables were still full. Her eyes were wandering round the room when a group of what had at first seemed like students of the local university caught her eye. She noticed that they were speaking Dutch amongst themselves but English to the other waitress. She kept pouring coffees and serving food. One dish was for his table. "Who gets the salmon baguette?" she asked. "That would be me," a dark voice said. It was the man to her left. They looked at each other for a second, a smile on their lips. As she was walking away she wandered why he looked so familiar. Those features... "Well," she thought "there are so many guests here every night, maybe he was here before." Just as she reached the coffee machine his friend got up and walked towards the exit when he turned around and said "Hey Jan," and continued in Dutch. HE replied something in Dutch as well, but even if it had been in English she wouldn't have understood,... "JAN?!" That was her former Master's name. They were speaking Dutch, and her former Master was from the Netherlands. "No," she thought, "that would be too much of a coincidence." She turned to face him and her eyes opened wide in surprise and shock. "Oh my god," she kept thinking. That's why he had looked familiar earlier. Now she recognized his features from his picture she had looked at many times months earlier. She was studying his features when he looked up and looked her straight in the eyes. Blushing, she turned away. She didn't know what to think or do. Could this be true, was this really happening? WHY would he show up here now, after all these months of no contact? What did he want? Did he even realize it was her? Confused, she tried to avoid his table and his eyes for the rest of the evening, and she tried to spend as much time in the bathroom as possible. When she returned one time his table was empty. They had gone. Even though she had been surprised and shocked earlier she could feel disappointment creeping up in her now, realizing that he had left. Maybe it wasn't him at all? Her shift ended soon after. She was glad to be able to go home and relax, still feeling different emotions running through her all the time. Shaking her head again, she took her car keys and went to the exit. Then it happened. Just as she stepped through the door she saw HIM. He was leaning against the wall right next to the door. "Hi," he said, smiling at her knowingly. She couldn't say anything, couldn't even think anything... All that went through her mind was 'Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god,...' She just stood there staring at him in disbelief. "I had the suspicion you recognized me earlier," he said and chuckled. "I,...I,..., what,..." she stuttered, feeling like a fool. "Oh, you're surprised to see me, aren't you, girl?" 'Hell, yeah,' she thought, finally saying "What are you doing here?!?" "Just paying you that visit you always craved for as I'm sure you remember." 'Shit. Shit, shit, shit.' "But..." she started, but before she could finish he interrupted: "Aren't you gonna show me that car of yours then?" and nodded at the keys in her hand. "Um,.... sure," was all she managed to say, and went to unlock the doors of her car which was parked right outside the cafe. She got in, not even taking her coat off, just glad to finally be able to sit down because her knees had started to feel a bit weak. He got into the passenger seat, closed the door, and silently studied her face. She suddenly felt embarrassment creeping up in her. This was the man she had chatted with a million times. This was the man who had seen her naked and humiliating herself in lots of pictures she had taken for him. This was the man to whom she had confessed her darkest most embarrassing fantasies and desires... This was the man she had cum for lots of times, the man who used to know every detail: when she peed, when she masturbated, what she thought while she touched herself, everything! And there he was now, in her car, right next to her for the first time, looking at her closely. She couldn't bare to look him in the eye, thinking of all the dirty details he knew about her. "Well," he finally broke the silence, "Are you going to show your old Master your little place then, slave girl?" Smiling she started the car, driving to her place... Not knowing what would happen and IF anything would happen at all she laughed nervously. "What, my little slave slut?" he asked, smiling at her. "I know, you can't wait to kneel for me, can you? You want to kneel for me, you want to take my hard cock in your slave mouth and suck it for me, don't you?" She didn't know what to think or say... They hadn't talked in months, they both had their separate lives now... She couldn't just submit to him, just like that... Or could she?... The throbbing in her cunt suggested she could. 'My god,..." she thought,"just to hear Him talk about it makes me wet, am i insane?!' He kept on teasing her, telling her all these little things that drove her wild, and all the time He was stroking her cheek, brushing the hair out of her face. "I bet your panties are soaked, little girl, aren't they? Tell me, is your cunt wet, little one?" Sighing she thought 'oh what the heck, why not,' and whispered "yes." "What, my little slut, I cannot hear you?" "Yes, my panties are soaked," she admitted,.... adding a whispered "Sir." "What, slut, speak up a bit and say that again, would you?" he insisted. It all seemed like a little game, He was teasing her and she had decided to go along with it. "Yes, Sir, my pussy is wet, Sir." she repeated, louder this time. "Oh, is it really" he laughed. "How come that doesn't surprise me?" Still playing with her hair they spent the last two minutes of the drive in silence. He, studying her face closely; she, confused and strangely excited. She wasn't sure where this was leading... Surely she had begged Him to visit her and fuck her and use her and humiliate her... But that was ages ago. A lot of things had happened in between, and it hadn't been clear at all if they'd ever meet up in real life. How on earth could she be walking up the stairs to her apartment next to Him right now, her pussy wet and throbbing?! She still didn't know whether to like what was going on or whether she should just make it clear that this wasn't going to lead anywhere. Her body told her YES but her mind kept saying NO. The rational part in her kept thinking 'don't do this, what if He turns out to be some sort of maniac after all?' but her cunt was betraying her, wanting it so bad. Her cheeks must have been fire-red as she blushed, feeling a wave of shame flowing through her thinking of how horny this made her. The second she had closed the door behind them he turned her around and pressed her against the door with one swift motion. His body pressed hard against hers. She couldn't look into his eyes but looked down instead. He waited for her breathing to calm down, softly took her chin in his hand and lifted her head so she had to look him in the eyes. His soft movement contrasted with his strong body pressing her hard against the door. "Well, here we are," he finally said, tenderly caressing her cheek. "Now, you know what this means, little one,... there are two options, I have made up my mind or else I wouldn't be here, the rest is up to you. ... Either you tell me to knock it off, make it clear you don't want to 'play,' and I'll be back out that door before you know it... OR you tell me what you really want, what you crave, what you want me to do to you..." Her heart was racing. This was it, her last chance to get out of this situation. "I.., I...," she stuttered. "Do you want me to stay?" he asked again. She didn't reply, thoughts racing through her mind. "Well, in that case," he said, "I'll be on my way then." and let go of her, opening the door. 'No, no, no' her mind was screaming. 'This is your fantasy come true, don't blow it, girl.' "No," she called out, "no, please don't leave." He was already walking down the hallway. "Please,... please, Sir,..." she cried, running after Him. Without taking any notice of her he kept walking. "Sir, please stay," she begged, sinking to her knees trying to get a hold of His leg. She was suddenly very scared He might really leave her again, her needs forever unfulfilled, since it was clear He would never return. Tears of frustration started to stream down her face. He stopped walking and looked down at her. There she was, on her knees, holding on to His leg, crying and whispering "Please don't go" over and over again. His slave girl! A sudden sense of pride crept up in Him, and a mild smile started to form on his lips. "Look at me," he demanded. She looked up, looking Him in the eyes. "What are you?" he asked. They were still in the middle of the hallway; anyone could pass by at any moment and discover the little scene. "I am a slave slut, Sir" she obediently replied. "Whose slave slut are you?" "I am Your slave slut, Master, to serve and please You, Sir." she replied without even having to think about it. All the things He had taught her a long time ago came back now. For the first time in ages she felt truly submissive again. He smiled at her and said "Get back in the apartment, slave girl." She got up and as she started to walk towards her door she realized the mistake she made. At the same moment she could feel His hand grabbing her hair. "Who told you you're allowed to 'walk'?" he hissed, pushing her back down on her knees. "I'm sorry, Sir, I wasn't thinking,.. I'm sorry," she apologized. He just sternly replied "We'll deal with that later, lil slut. Now crawl!" "Yes, Sir." Feeling more humiliated than ever before in her life she started crawling. Of course she had been humiliated by Him many times, in much more degrading ways over the internet earlier. But this was real life, the real thing,... and it felt so much more intense. She couldn't believe how horny it made her to crawl around on the floor, His eyes resting on her ass as He followed her. They got back into the apartment, and he closed the door. He strode over to the sofa and sat down, His eyes never leaving His little wet slut who was still kneeling by the door. "Up here," He told her, His right hand pointing to His right side. Hesitantly she got up, slowly approached Him and sat down as He instructed. He started stroking her hair for at least two minutes, silently studying her face. "I really hate to begin our meeting like this, slut, but you seem to have forgotten a few rules, my little one." he finally broke the silence. She looked down, feeling really stupid for having disappointed Him at the very start of their first meeting. Just as she was saying "I'm sorry, Sir" He grabbed her hair, yanked her head back and pulled her over His lap. She gasped and let out a little sound, startled by His roughness. There she was, lying across His lap, His hands stroking up and down her back and across her ass. She could feel her cunt getting wetter and wetter. With a sudden yank He pulled the back of her pants and panties down, exposing Her bare ass. She twitched and moaned a little, more in surprise than anything else. "Mmm...," she could hear Him say, �Now I finally get a chance to give that little ass of yours what it needs, right, slave girl?" Slowly His hand moved over her exposed ass. The sensation of HIS fingers on her skin sent shivers down her spine. She felt His hand leave her skin for a moment before it cracked down on her right ass cheek. She gasped a little and remembered how He had taught her to count out aloud when being spanked, and to thank Him after each slap. That was online, though, and now - lying across His lap in real life for the first time, her cunt dripping wet from the humiliation - she was too self-conscious to REALLY humiliate herself even more by begging Him for another. When she stayed quiet He slapped her again, harder this time. "I'm waiting, slut, are you not forgetting something?" She had no other option than doing what she had to. "One, Sir, thank You." she whispered. SLAP! "I cannot hear you, slave slut." "Two, Master, thank You!" she counted louder. SLAP! "Three, Sir, thank You." SLAP! SLAP, SLAP, SLAP! His hand came down hard on her exposed ass, again and again... As her ass turned into a dark shade of red she started to feel the pain of his slaps more and more... SLAP! "Ten, Master, thank You." She was hoping He'd stop at ten but He didn't. SLAP! Ouch... It really started to hurt now as this was her first spanking ever and she wasn't used to the sensations. Together with the pain she could also feel the pleasure rise between her legs. SLAP! She was beginning to get teary-eyed but she was desperately fighting against her tears; she didn't want to seem like a wimp, crying from a mere spanking. SLAP! "Sixteen, thank You, Sir." SLAP! "Mmmm....seventeen, Sir..." SLAP, SLAP, SLAP! For the first time He stopped, His hands gently stroking her fire-red bottom. "Will you get up and walk again without my permission, slut?" "No, Sir, thank You for teaching me." she replied, feeling very dumb again about the stupid mistake she made earlier. "Good, slut. Now....Shall we see what our little pussy is doing? I bet it is soaking wet, little one." With that His hand pushed her legs apart some more and His fingers gently moved in between them. Her pussy lips were obviously glistening wet; a little chuckle escaped His lips when his fingertips reached her wet lips. "Mmm... We were enjoying that, weren't we, slut?" "Yes, Master," she replied, blushing at the thought of Him looking at her wet pussy, exploring her moistness with His gentle fingers. She felt ashamed for being so obviously aroused by the spanking. His fingers slid up and down her cunt lips, spreading the moistness. A shudder went through her and she twitched when His fingers moved up to tease her clit. It felt like bolts of electricity rushing through her body. HIS fingers on her clit... "Mmmmm....," she couldn't help but moan at His touch. He kept rubbing her clit which was almost too much for her. Her hips started gyrating, trying to press her clit against His fingers. With another little chuckle He removed His hand and slid it down her pussy again, parting the lips and pushing one, then two fingers up her cunt. They slid in easily with all her juices flowing... "Mmmmmmmm.... Master...." she moaned. His fingers started fucking her... in and out, in and out,... faster and faster... "Oohh..mmm....," she couldn't help herself but wince in pleasure, her hips bucking wildly. He knew just what she liked, which touch would send her over the edge... His expert fingers everywhere, fucking her, rubbing her clit, then again stroking those red ass cheeks... Just when she thought she couldn't take it anymore without exploding into an intense orgasm He withdrew His fingers. "Don't even think about cumming, slave slut!" he hissed. "Mmhh..." She moaned in frustration, feeling horny as hell but not being allowed to cum. "What's Your purpose, slave girl?" he asked her. "My purpose is to serve You, Master," she managed to reply, still a bit out of breath. "Very good, my little slut. That's why I'm not sure whether you should be aloud to cum at all this weekend. I'll consider it if you please me like I taught you, but don't raise your hopes, little girl. Is that understood?" "Yes, Sir, i understand." He lifted her off His lap and ordered her to kneel before Him. Her pants and panties slid down her legs a bit more as she got down on the floor, but she didn't dare to touch them. So she was kneeling at His feet, her pants and panties around her ankles. "Spread your legs, slut," he ordered. Immediately she spread her knees, exposing her dripping shaved cunt, her ankles tightly held together by her own panties and pants. His head motioned at His crotch. "To work, slut!" Her hands unbuckled His belt, unzipped His trousers and gently took out her Master's large cock. "Thank You, Sir, for allowing me to please You." She was aware that it was an honour to be allowed to suck His cock. It was not completely hard yet, so she started to tease it with her tongue, flicking it across the tip, licking up and down the shaft in quick movements,... I didn't take long before His cock was fully erect. She took the tip in her mouth, teasing it with the tip of her tongue, then taking His whole cock in, all the time her tongue flickering across the very tip of His gorgeous cock. She could hear Him moan a little, almost inaudibly. His hands reached down and held her head firmly in place as He started fucking her slave mouth. In and out,... in and out,... again and again, all the time holding her head in His firm grip. He was raping her mouth, just using it for His pleasure because that's exactly what it's there for. Her lips tight around it, He kept pushing it in all the way and out again... He pushed it in so far she almost gagged a couple times. She could feel the juices flow again between her legs. How degrading this was, having to kneel with spread legs and being used like an object, existing only to give pleasure... And how horny this made her. She didn't know what was more humiliating, her mouth being fucked like a true slut's, or her cunt getting wetter with every stroke..."Mmmmm..." "Aahh..." With one last stroke He withdrew His cock just in time to have His delicious cum squirt all over her face. Her eyes, her lips, her hair, her cheeks were all covered, it even went up her nose! Eagerly she started licking His wonderful cum off her lips. His hand patting her head. "You obviously got some practice during those last few months since we last talked, my little slut." he chuckled. Embarrassed she looked down. Embarrassed but still happy that He was pleased with her performance. "Now, slave girl, I think you've earned yourself a little reward after all. Would you like to cum too, slut?" he inquired. With her juices running down her thighs she replied "Yes, Master, may Your slut please cum for You, Sir? Please?" she begged. He reached down to take off the shirt she was still wearing and removed her bra, exposing her small cute tits. "Take off those ridiculous pants and panties around your ankles!" He demanded. "Yes, Sir," she whispered, quickly pulling off her remaining clothes. Now she was kneeling at His feet completely naked. "You wanna cum slut, so go on then, show Your Master what you do when you're alone in your bed, thinking of your Master's cock fucking you. Come one, if you want to cum do it yourself. I'll be watching your every move!" 'No,' she thought, 'I cannot do this.' Anything but that. She had confessed to Him months earlier that one of her fantasies was to be forced to masturbate in front of someone, and she reported back to Him countless times when she masturbated imagining Him watching her. But now, in REAL life? She felt a strange wave of humiliation and excitement going through her. She couldn't possibly degrade herself like that... But no touching herself would mean no cumming. Without another word He got up and walked over to His bag. She didn't dare to raise her head to look what He was doing; she was still busy being scared anyway... Could she humiliate herself like that, make herself cum in front of His very eyes? She was so overwhelmed by her own fear and excitement that she hadn't heard Him walk back over to the sofa. "Look at me," He demanded. She raised her head and couldn't believe it. She was looking straight into a video camera, the red light flashing. A look of panic appeared in her face. This was too much. Not on camera... Who knows where the tape could end up?! "Sir,..." she started to say when he interrupted. "What are You?" he asked. The whole situation became too much for her. Aware of the embarrassing picture she was providing she suddenly felt completely powerless, completely under His spell and at His mercy. Not being able to resist anymore she answered "I am Your slave slut, Sir, existing just to please and entertain You, Master." "Good, slut, go on then... entertain me!" he demanded with a smile on His face. She wasn't anything anymore but His slave, His property, there to please Him. In that moment all her inhibitions and shame fell from her and her hands started to move over her body. Over her breasts, at first,... her fingertips teasing her nipples which had become hard a long time ago. She suddenly felt so aroused, horny like never before. Her fingers just had to dive down between her spread legs. Stroking her own pussy lips, back and forth, her fingers parting the lips, sliding inside herself. With her other hand she kept playing with her nipples. Her right hand was fucking herself as her left hand was sliding down in between her legs as well. Her left index finger started rubbing her clit, while her other hand was still fucking her cunt all the time. "MMmm..... aahhhh," moan after moan came from her lips. Her eyes sometimes closed, sometimes looking straight at Him and the camera. Mmm.., she couldn't take it anymore... "Sir, may I come?? Please, PLEASE," she screamed and moaned at the same time. "No, slut, no cumming yet," he ordered. "Pleeeaase,,,,, please, Sir, please,..." she begged. What a sight she made! Kneeling at Her Master's feet, fucking herself like a slut and begging to be allowed to make herself cum! And all that in front of a camera! "Mmm... please, Master, please," she kept screaming. "No!" was His only reply. She heard Him but couldn't take it anymore, she tried hard not to cum and displease Him but it was too much, she finally gave in. Her body spasmed into wave after wave of one of the most intense orgasms of her life. "Aahh..mmmm" she was moaning and gyrating her hips... After what seemed like an eternity she finally seemed to come back to her senses and realized what she had just done. This must have been the worst mistake she could have made. Cumming without permission! She lowered her head, afraid of His reaction but even more upset about disappointing Him so much. "I'm sorry, Sir,.. I didn't mean to.. Sir, please forgive me,....." she stuttered. Putting the camera down he said "I am very disappointed in you, slave slut. Is this what I taught you??!!" Tears of disappointment and sadness at having displeased Him started to form in her eyes. "You are aware of the fact that I cannot tolerate such behaviour, slut?" "Yes, Sir," she whispered, her head still lowered, not daring to move a muscle. With one swift movement he pulled His belt off his trousers. "Get over there and lean over," he ordered, pointing to her desk. Without the slightest hesitation she went over to the desk and bent over it as He had ordered. "Spread your legs, slut," he demanded and pushed her legs further apart with his foot. "I am not pleased at all with your selfish behaviour, slave girl," he said, playing with his belt. "You really seem to need a little lesson to refresh your poor memory, don't you??" "Yes, Sir," she whispered, terrified at the thought of what was in store for her any second now. At that very moment He raised His arm and His belt came down on her ass for the first time. While the sharp pain was still shooting through her she managed to count "One, Sir, thank You. �SMACK SMACK SMACK... He did not give her a rest but kept on hitting her ass with His belt without mercy while she was all the time obediently counting out aloud and thanking Him after each stroke. It didn't take long till she had tears streaming down her face. She really thought she couldn't stand another single blow. SMACK Ouch.. Her ass hurt so much now, she started sobbing... "I'm waiting, slut," she could hear Him say, "How many was that? Or do I have to start over?" "E-e-eighteen, S-Sir," she cried out. SMACK She started to scream in pain and was sobbing so hard now that she couldn't continue counting. He waited till she found the breath to thank Him, just as the next blow came down on her exposed ass. Her ass was red as fire and stung like hell. He really hadn't made it easy on her but hit her ass with full force. It felt like she wouldn't be able to sit for a whole month. After the twentieth blow He stopped, put the belt away and moved closer towards her, putting His hands on her red stinging ass. Gently He stroked her ass cheeks. "What did you learn today, slave slut?" he asked. In between sobs she replied "Sir, i..i..i learned that i will never cum without Your permission, Sir. Thank You for teaching me." "You're quite welcome, my little slut," he chuckled. He turned her over and held her tightly, looking at her face. Her eyes were still teary, and her whole face looked swollen, streams of tears having run down her cheeks. It made Him smile. 'She is beautiful when she has cried,' he thought to himself. His lips touched hers and He kissed her gently. Her legs finally gave in, and she collapsed in his arms. Smiling, he carried her to the bed and gently laid her down. "Get some rest, little one, the night has only just begun."

She woke up, slowly coming to her senses.... Slowly she opened her eyes, blinking to get used to the light. She realized she was lying on her bed completely naked. As she turned her head she could see Him sitting in the big armchair at the end of the bed. He studied her for a moment and then said "Well, finally my little slut came to her senses... Now... Turn around and get on all four, slut!" Having just woken up, she was still too confused to do anything but obey Him without any hesitation. Slowly she got on her hands and knees, her butt facing Him. Already she could feel her cunt react to the realization that He could see EVERYTHING from this angle. Why her cunt seemed to crave this humiliation, she had no idea. Just when she thought there was no position that could give Him an even better view of her most private parts, she heard Him say "Very well, slave girl, ... and now spread those ass cheeks for your Master!" For a second she hesitated.. This was something she REALLY hated.... This was just that bit too much... exposing her ass, fine,.. but willingly spreading her own ass cheeks and expose her own asshole to someone? Could she really do that?? She felt like crying but was afraid of getting into trouble again should she fail to carry out such a simple order. So she reluctantly reached back and slowly spread her ass cheeks, allowing Him full view of her little asshole. "Mmm.. That's a good girl," he uttered, obviously pleased at what he saw. "Now, slut," he continued, "I remember you quite liked having things up your ass.... Just remind me, will you, of the sorts of things I used to make You stick up your own ass, lil one." She had to swallow. Was He serious? Did He really want her to repeat back all the embarrassing things He had made her do to herself? "W-well, Sir," she started... "I..umm... I often had to put vibrators up my slave ass, Sir. And.. and.. the most ridiculous thing i used was a carrot, Sir,... a few times i fucked my own ass with a carrot, Master." "Good, girl, continue,..what was the most embarrassing thing Your Master has made You stick up Your ass, slut?" he demanded. "Sir,.. the most embarrassing thing is when You order Your slut to stick Her own finger up her ass and fuck herself with it." "Is that right, you little whore? Well, how about showing me just what You mean..."Her cunt was getting wet instantly.... Slowly she reached further back and inserted her right middle finger into her slave hole..... "Deeper, slut!" ... It went in deeper and deeper. "Good, whore, and now fuck your own little asshole!" "Mmm...," she let out a little moan and started moving her finger in and out of her asshole.. In and out...in and out... She was getting hornier by the second...imagining herself, the sight she made, on all four in front of Him, her knees apart, fucking her ass with her own finger... "Mmmmm..."... she moaned harder and harder, really enjoying the sensations, a mixture of pleasure and utter humiliation, knowing He was watching her every move. He fucked herself faster and faster, moaning louder and louder.... till he said "Stop, you lil slut, that's enough! Aren't you ashamed of yourself?? Fucking your own ass in front of your Master, and nearly bringing yourself off??" "Yes Sir," she whispered....half humiliated and half frustrated that he made her stop..."Well, you little slut,.. I know just what that little ass of yours deserves!" he said while His right hand started unzipping His pants. This was the moment of truth... Online she had always bragged about being able to take anything and everything He might be able to dish out. She had even told Him that she had her ass fucked without lube several times, and that she wouldn't need any lube with Him either. Oh how she regretted that statement right now! He released His thick hard cock, and moved closer. "Hmmm.... so, I remember you were very sure about taking my cock in your ass without any lube, slut, weren't you?" "Y-yes, S-sir,..." she stuttered, not feeling brave enough to beg Him to use lube. Even though this evening she already felt more humiliated than ever before in her life, she still had that last bit of pride left, He still had not broken her completely. She didn't want to give Him the satisfaction of seeing her beg for lube, now that she was facing reality for the first time. "Right, slut..." He said, grabbing her ass cheeks. Without a word of warning He rammed His cock up her slave cunt. Being taken completely by surprise she let out a gasp... "I know you like it hard up your little wet slave cunt, don't you, lil one?" "Mmm.. yeess Sir..." she managed to reply in between moans, as He slid His hard cock in and out of her cunt, His hands pressed tightly onto her hips, pulling her back on His cock with every move. Harder and harder he rammed His cock into her, hard without mercy, without any regard to her feelings, just using her body for His pleasure. He was fucking her so hard like no one else before in her life.... This was already driving her crazy.. she let out wild moans and gasps, feeling horny as hell... Just when she thought she couldn't get any hornier He started talking to her. in the way that would send her over the edge any given time... "Mm.. well, you little cunt.. Do you like having your wet cunt fucked by your Master?" "Mmmm yes Siirr...mmm". "You're such a fucking slut! Spreading your ass for me, masturbating in front of the camera....fucking your own asshole in front of me.... You dirty whore! What are you??!" "Mm.. i'm a dirty lil whore, Sir,.. nothing but Your horny slut to be used by You Sir..mmmmmmmm" she managed to reply.... "Yes, that's right! You're my fucktoy, my property! Just a piece of fuck-meat, is that clear?! "Yes Sir...""You're a fucking slut! A fucking ass slut! What are you?" "I'm a fucking slut, Sir, Your little dirty ass slut, Master." With that he suddenly pulled His dick out of her soaking cunt and pressed it against her asshole.... With one sudden shove He pushed it deep into her ass without warning. "Aaahh..." She let out a scream, as the pain shot through her..... "Ah, well, how do you like that, my little slut? How does my big cock feel, slamming into your tight ass, huh?!" She could feel his thick cock filling her ass completely.... He wasn't taking it easy at all but slammed it into her hard and fast.... She was feeling a mixture of sharp pain but also immense pleasure... Not only did it physically feel good, but the whole situation turned her on incredibly... Being on all four, getting her ass fucked by a man she had only met for the first time in real life a few hours ago..... As if He could read her thoughts He said: "My my...you're such a slut! Getting your ass fucked by a near stranger you've never meet in person before! You know you're a whore, don't you?" "Yessss, Sir... your slut is nothing but a whore.. YOUR whore, Sir...mmmmmmmmmmmm" she replied in between moans. "That's right, bitch!" She was getting hornier and hornier.. His calling her names alone nearly made her explode... She was so ashamed being called whore and slut and cunt, but at the same time her body betrayed her... her cunt was dripping, her ass tight around His cock.... "I'm sure my little ass slut can come from getting that asshole fucked hard, can't she?" He teased her. "MMm......" she couldn't even reply, but merely moan and gasp... This was too much ... In a moment she would humiliate herself completely by coming without any other stimulation but having her ass-fucked and being called degrading names. Mmmmm... That though only made her even hotter.... Again and again His dick slammed into her asshole, and after two more strokes she couldn't take it any longer.. She gave into the immense feeling rising in her cunt..... Letting out a loud scream she gave into the most powerful orgasm she had had in a while, if not ever... "MMMmmaaahhhh..." Scream after scream escaped her lips....Just when she came back down after her incredible cum, He pulled out His cock, grabbed her and threw her around, just in time to cum all over her face and tits...."Thank You, Sir" was all she could mutter before collapsing onto the bed. "You're welcome, my lil one," He replied, satisfied and proud of His fuck property. But still it seemed He had not broken her completely. And that was what He wanted. To have her submit completely, do anything without even the last spark of pride or unwillingness. He would have to change that..."Well, well... Look at you, my little slut!" he chuckled. "That's the way I like my sluts to look: covered in your Master's cum! But I think we should clean that off, don't you think?" he teasingly asked her. Not sure what He wanted to hear, she remained silent, looking up at Him with her head slightly tilted, unsure of what he had in mind. "To the bathroom, slut!" he ordered. Her whole body ached after being both beaten and raped by her owner... It took her quite some effort to get off the bed and on her knees... Feeling her butt sting and her pussy throb, she started crawling towards the bathroom. He was following close behind, getting a good view of her bruised ass. "Well, slut," he started once they had reached the bathroom, "come to think of it, I'd like to see you pee for me before I'll allow you to clean yourself up!" She couldn't believe her ears. After all that he still wanted to humiliate her more... PEE for him! She even had a problem peeing with someone in the next cubicle in a public lavatory, let alone willingly piss in front of someone's very eyes! In shock she looked up at Him, noticing a grin on His face. "That's right, my little dirty whore, you heard me! You're lucky it's my good day, that means you even get to use the toilet instead of a bowl. ... Slut, can't hear you!!" "Thank You, Sir," she managed to whisper, still not able to move due to the shock she was in. She actually DID really need to pee as she hadn&#8217;t been all evening, but she was horrified at the thought of doing it in front of Him. "I'm waiting, slut! Get to the toilet and squat over it like a good little slut would!" Tears started to build up in her eyes... This was the biggest humiliation imaginable for her. Slowly and hesitatingly she got up, and managed to squat over the toilet, just as he had ordered. Her knees were shaking, as she spread her knees and stuck her butt out. "Very good, honey, and now piss for Your Master!" He demanded. Her tears were now flowing freely, the embarrassment made her face blush, and to her horror her cunt twitch again. This frustrated her even more. Why was this horrible degrading situation making her horny??? She desperately tried to pee as she wanted this horrible situation to stop as soon as possible, but she just couldn't go.... "Come on, slut, Your Mater hasn't got all day! Piss for me, NOW!" Like her tears were running down her red face, her bladder finally gave in and a slow stream started to flow from between her legs... There she was.... squatting over a toilet, PISSING for a man she had never met before in her life! She had never felt so embarrassed but also so incredibly horny... "Look into my eyes!" he demanded. She lifted her glance and looked straight into Her owner's eyes while she was pissing for Him. "That's a good girl," He commented with a smile on his face. After what seemed like an eternity, the trickle between her legs finally stopped. Her ordeal was over... or so she hoped. �That&#8217;s a good little slut. But haven't you forgotten something, lil one?" "Thank you Sir," she answered. "Thank you for WHAT, slut??!" "Thank You for allowing Your slut to piss for You, Sir," she mumbled, her face a bright red. �You are quite welcome, lil one!" he smiled. "Now.... what do you say we clean that cum off your face, honey? .... Kneel!" She obeyed immediately, kneeling at His feet, still in front of the toilet. "Face the toilet, slut. I'll give you what you deserve for being such a horny little bitch, masturbating and pissing in front of me!" With a sudden move he grabbed her hair and pushed her face into the toilet, into her own piss that was still there. She was taken completely by surprise and struggled, crying out loud, but to no avail. "Now, slut, here comes your cleansing wash!" with that he laughed and flushed the toilet, holding her face firmly in it. "How do you like that, you whore, huh?" She was completely helpless and humiliated, but her body betrayed her once again. With her knees spread, her face in her own piss in the toilet and her Master flushing her at the same time, her cunt juices started to run down her spread legs. She was horrified... "No no no..." was all she could manage to think.... "Please, I don't wanna cum in this situation, please nooo..." she thought, trying hard to fight the building orgasm in her cunt. At that moment she felt His thumb on her clit. "Cum, slut. Cum for You Master!" "MMm..aarrgghh.." She could feel the water around her face, His thumb mercilessly rubbing her clittie, her humiliation turning her on endlessly, and she gave in.... She gave in to her feelings of complete submission. She realized this was what her place was... At someone's feet, her face down a toilet.... Completely submitting herself to Him. That was it... Her cunt started contracting, she started to cum,... He pulled her hair back and looked her in the eyes, looking down at her wet face from above. She was screaming and shaking uncontrollably..cumming and cumming... It seemed to never stop...After an immense cum, He finally let go of her hair. "Thank You Sir" was all she could say before collapsing onto the floor sobbing uncontrollably. This was it... All borders were down, all boundaries seized existing.. She was His and His completely. No reservations, no thoughts, just property, just complete submission. He had broken her. Now she would be His forever, completely. He bent down to her and picked her up... Gently he placed her into the bathtub. "Now, honey, before I take you to bed for the night, there's one last thing I had promised you I'd do to you, didn't I?" She was still sobbing from the intense experience she just had, but she was still completely immersed in her submission. "Look at me, honey," he demanded, "I will now piss on you, on my property!" With that he took out his cock again and moved closer to the tub. "See what you are... you are nothing, you are my property, and nothing but that!" As he said those words he started to pee.... aiming at her hair, her tits, her back... "Look at me!" he ordered. Still crying, she looked up at Him, straight into His eyes... "Open your mouth slut!" Without hesitation she opened her mouth and looked Him straight into the eyes. Hiss piss filled her mouth as he aimed straight for her face. "That's a good girl. Is my girl enjoying being used as her Master's toilet?" She nodded as she felt His warm piss running all over her naked body. She had been reduced to nothing... to nothing but an object, a piece of property with no value other than the one He gave her by using her. She was not her own person anymore, she was completely His. No thoughts, no pride, no spark of inner resistance, not even any of those ironic thoughts she always used to have, just to disguise her real desire of true submission. This was what she realized in that moment. All those times when she was a smartass, when she had talked back to Him, trying to be ironic or cynical about their games, all those times she was merely too proud to admit to what she really craved, too ashamed to even admit to herself that this was what she was born to do, that all she really really was, was a dirty little slut. Her Master's whore. Nothing else. And there was nothing else she ever would be. He was done pissing, and she opened her eyes, His piss stinging in them. They looked at each other, into their eyes. He, looking down at her, and her, looking up at Him. Looking at each other, they both realized in that moment, that this was it, the ultimate.... The deepest sense of dominance and submission there could be. He owned her, and she was nothing but HIS. A slight smile formed on their lips.... But just for a second, then He immediately took control again. He turned on the shower, gently pulling her up. Proudly, He started washing her gently, the warm water flowing over the curves of her body. He washed every inch of her body, all the time not saying a word. Gradually, she calmed down and stopped sobbing. When he was done completely cleaning her, he leaned forward and gently kissed her lips. Still no word was necessary to explain the bond that was now between them and forever would be.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jona


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





