BDSM Library - At Work and At Play




At Work and At Play
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Boss Doms his secretary and his wife.
At Work and at Play (by SydneyOZ)

1 - Phone Call

Brian Luckhurst glared in annoyance at the ringing phone. He was doing his
business plan and had told his secretary Samantha not to put any calls through
to him. Angrily he lifted the receiver.

'I hope this call is bloody important' he snapped.

'It's your wife and she said it was very urgent'

'Sorry Samantha, I don't suppose you had any real choice, put her through'.

'Brian, I called to let you know that our dinner party this evening has been
cancelled'.

If anything Angela Luckhurst sounded even more angry than he was and Brian was
only too well aware how much time and effort his wife had put into the dinner
party and how disappointed she was to have to cancel it.

'Sorry Angela, we could always go out somewhere special to dinner on our own'.

'Thanks for the thought Brian but lately when we go out all we do is talk about
the same things, argue and then come home. I want to do something exciting for a
change'.

It was the tiniest of sounds but Brian heard it and realised that his secretary
was listening in on them He was surprised and disappointed she would do
something like that and then he considered the possibilities and decided he
would have some fun at her expense.

'Here is my idea Angela, you tell me your wildest fantasy and assuming I'm in
it, when I get home we can act it out'.

'Don't be an idiot, Brian' and then when he didn't reply 'You're not serious are
you?'.

Brian recognised, even over the phone, that Angela was smiling and that his
suggestion had already cheered her up considerably.

'Of course I'm serious, come on Angie it would be fun'.

'Brian I'm not about to reveal my wildest fantasies to you or anyone else but I
do appreciate the offer'.

'Well then let's act out one of my fantasies' he countered.

'I'm listening' she responded her mood brightening by the minute.

'In my fantasy after you hang up you go and shave off all of your curly little
pubes and come and meet me at the station dressed in only your new black shoes,
you know the ones with the sexy high heels, and your black raincoat. You are to
leave your house keys behind in the house so there is no option for you to turn
back and when you get to the station you are to lock the car with the car keys
inside and wait for me by the ticket office'.

'Then what?' Angela asked 'I would need to know what would happen next'.

'Sorry darling but you only get to find that out if you are at the ticket office
and have done everything I've just told you. If you're as game and brave as I
think you are I'll expect to see you at the station'. And before Angela could
reply he hung up.

At the other end of the line Angela heard the line cut out and in a daze she
replaced the receiver noticing that her hand was actually shaking. Glancing into
the mirror she saw how her nipples looked like two large thimbles trying to push
through her blouse indicating how turned on she was. She slipped her hand up
under her skirt and gently touched herself between her legs, her fingers lightly
brushing the thin lacy gusset of her panties which were already sopping wet. In
that moment she decided that she would go ahead and do all Brian had asked after
all she had to know what would happen next.

So it was that an hour later Angela was standing in front of the bedroom mirror
dressed in her black high heeled shoes and her black raincoat and she had to
admit she looked good. Slowly she undid the coat buttons to reveal her naked
body all the more naked due to her smoothly shaven pussy. She re-buttoned her
coat and before she could change her mind she removed her house keys from her
keyring and left the house locking herself out by simply closing the front door
as she left. It was done, there was no turning back.

At the precise moment Brian had hung up on Angela his secretary also gently hung
up the phone. Within seconds her buzzer sounded and it was Brian asking her to
come into his office. As she got up from her desk she was aware that the sexy
conversation she had just heard had excited her and that her nipples were erect
and noticeable through the material of her dress. Trying to compose herself she
went into her bosses office. As usual she headed for the chair in front of his
desk but half way across the room he beckoned for her to stop.

'Samantha you have been my secretary for just over three years now, How long
have you been listening in to my phone calls?'.

Samantha felt her cheeks turn bright red and she knew that her blushes gave her
away and that there was no point in denying it.

'What do you think I should do about such a blatant  misuse of trust?'.

'I'm so sorry' she almost cried 'please don't fire me I really need this job and
I so much enjoy working for you. Please forgive me I will never do it again I
promise'.

'Well if I don't fire you what punishment do you think you deserve?'.

Samantha blushed again as she suddenly understood what he wanted her to say. Her
eyes widened in shock and her hands began to shake. He wanted her to ask him to
spank her  there was no other interpretation that could be applied. The question
was, much as she had always fantasized about Brian spanking her  could she
actually ask him to do it.

'Look Brian I'm sorry I listened in honestly I am but I'm not sure what you want
me to say'.

'Come now Samantha you are a beautiful and intelligent girl I think you know
exactly what punishment is appropriate for such a naughty act'.

Samantha looked down at her feet this couldn't be happening, things like this
didn't happen in real life and especially not to people like her. Yet here she
was standing in front of him like some naughty schoolgirl and there he was
waiting for her to ask him to spank her as if it was the most natural thing in
the world. You can do it she thought to herself, it would only be a little
spanking and she would probably even enjoy it. All she had to do was ask him.

'I've been very naughty' she said at last hardly recognising the sound of her
own voice, 'And I deserve to be spanked'. There it was done she thought to
herself now the ball was in his court.

'How many spanks do you think you deserve?' he asked.

'I think that decision should be up to you' she replied

'Good answer Samantha, go over there and bend over the arm of the couch with
your feet on the floor and your cheek on the seat facing the back away from me'.

She quickly did exactly as he had told her.

'Stick that bottom further up into the air and lift your skirt up so it will
offer no protection'.

As Samantha obeyed she realised just how erotic and exciting obeying this man
was.

'Now ease those panties down around your knees and then cross your wrists
together behind your back as if they were tied'.

Brian watched in amazement as the sexy Samantha that most of the guys in the
office lusted after, reached back and pushed her panties down over her bottom to
her knees and then crossed her wrists behind her waiting for him to spank her
derriere.

For several long minutes Brian left her there waiting as he pretended to
continue on with his work but a man is only human and so with a big smile he
picked up a plastic ruler from his desk and walked over to stand behind her.

'You have no idea how many times I and half the guys in the office have imagined
what your sexy bottom and pussy looked like beneath those tight trousers and
skirts you always wear but now I can see every thing can't  I?  Spread your legs
wider apart for me or I will double the number of spanks I had planned to give
you'.

As Samantha obeyed any thought of resistance evaporated and she surrendered
totally to this man and the erotic situation he had created.

Whack!!! The ruler swished down across her bare buttocks and she gasped at the
pain totally shocked at how much it hurt. She tried to reach back and cover her
bottom but he simply pulled the cloth belt of her dress out from around her
waist and then used it to tie her wrists firmly together.

'Have you ever been spanked before?' he asked her.

'Not since I was a little girl ' she told him.

'I think you might make a bit too much noise when I fuck you so a gag would be
in order. Don't you agree?'.

'Yes please....anything you want but please take me'  she pleaded..

Brian ripped her panties off her and crammed them into her mouth then he
delivered twenty hard spanks with the ruler turning her bottom cheeks bright
pink. She was cumming even before he took out his prick and pushed it deep
inside her and he was pleased he had gagged her as she made one hell of a noise
when she came He withdrew and watched as she twitched and shuddered.  Angela his
wife  had never come as violently as that, this was one very hot lady and he
decided that he was going to tie her up and spank her often and that she would
become his office slave. He reached out and pushed his right index finger
against the puckered opening of her ass.

'Tell me slave, have you ever been fucked in the ass'.

'No'.  Her voice was quiet and frightened like that of a child.

'Oh my God ' she exclaimed as he slid his finger deeper inside her virgin
opening. 'It hurts, please stop... it hurts'.

'Shush slave we have all the time in the world, there is no hurry I want to see
you move those hips and fuck my finger until you come again like the slut you
are. If you haven't come by the time I count to thirty I will give you thirty
more spanks with the ruler. The choice is entirely yours'.

Samantha had no will of her own left. Brian, her master was correct she had no
choice so she humped his finger like the slut he said she was and she came again
and almost passed out at the intense pleasure.

He pulled her to her feet and caressed her burning bottom cheeks and chewed her
ear.

'Will you be by office slave? He whispered.

'You have a wife' she stammered

'After tonight you will both be my 'live in' slaves' he told her 'I want you
both.  Angela will stay home during the day and I will keep her tied up and
naked and maybe even have friends go round and fuck her. You will be my office
slave and I will make you do the most humiliating and sexy things and you will
love it. Say yes'.

'She will never agree to this' Samantha murmured as Brian took hold of her left
nipple and cruelly squeezed it.

'She will but that is not your concern ....the question I'm asking you is will
you agree to be my office slave?'

'Yes master' she said 'you know I will'.

Brian smiled. Life was going to be very interesting from now on he thought as he
prepared to go to the station and catch a train to meet his wife..




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SydneyOZ


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





