BDSM Library - Slave To Lotta




Slave To Lotta
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After a visit to a fetish boutique, he finally found his mistress who could humiliate and dominate him.
THE SLAVE OF LOTTA

Chapter 1 - The Discovery

The "Fetish Bizarre" boutique was set apart from the run of the mill sex shops
by the absence of gaudiness and overt displays of sexual materials.  The shop
front was, in fact, twenty feet of opaque black glass, interrupted in its centre
by a single door, also of black glass with a tasteful sign above it that
displayed the shop's name and trading hours, and warned that a fee was payable
by persons who wished to browse.  The fee was substantial, $50.00, and was
designed to deter the casual and undesirable element from entering.

The shop front was well lit and a young man, about twenty five years of age, and
six feet tall, well built and well dressed walked slowly up to the door.  After
hesitating for a few moments, he opened the door and disappeared inside.  Once
inside he was greeted by a tasteful and spacious interior with a barrier just
inside the door.  The young man stood at the barrier fidgeting with
embarrassment, his wallet already in his hand.  A woman of indeterminate age
approached.  She was extremely tall and dressed entirely in black leather which
hugged her slightly angular frame.  She was not terribly good looking but
neither was she ugly, and she did exude an aura of sensuality that made the
young man tremble slightly when he gazed at her.

"The fee for entry into this establishment is $50.00, whether you purchase
anything or not."  The woman said in a deep and powerful voice.  The young man
almost dropped his wallet in his haste to extract the currency required.  He
tentatively handed her a fifty dollar bill which she took with a smile that
seemed to mock, and pressed a small button which, in turn, released a catch and
allowed the barrier to swing wide.  The young man entered the softly lit
interior and was met with a tastefully decorated and spacious room.

Its walls were lined on one side with the paraphanalia of sexual fetishism. 
Leather clothing, sensual lingerie, rubber costumes, whips and restraints and a
wide variety of dildos, clamps and gags.  On the other side of the room the wall
was covered with books and magazines, all devoted to bondage and discipline and
sadism and masochism.  The young man moved slowly around the room looking
intently at the wares displayed while the woman smirked at him from her position
in the corner of the room. She had already picked him as a submissive and
thought to herself that he would make a fine slave for a Mistress or Master,
young, clean cut and, from the substantial bulge in his trousers, well hung.

The young man was acutely aware of her scrutiny and blushed with embarrassment. 
His heart, however, beat rapidly as his excitement mounted.  He reminded himself
of why he was here, geeing up his courage as he approached the far end of the
room.  On one side of the wall was a notice board that reached from floor to
almost a foot above his head.  Above the board was a sign which read "SLAVE'S
GALLERY", and covering the board were the explicit advertisements of prospective
slaves. The young man shivered with sensual and submissive exhilaration as his
eyes took in photograph after photograph of young men and women who were
offering themselves as slaves.

Most pictures depicted nude, or near nude people.  The penises of the males were
invariably erect and most were smoothly shaven in their groins.  The girls were
also shaven and many were pierced in the sex lips and nipples.  Below each
picture was a small block of text which described the needs of the slave in
fairly graphic terms and, for the professional submissives, quoted prices for
various activities. The man looked at all the ads with avid interest, reading
each caption and marvelling at the depths to which the advertisers were willing
to sink to in their submission.

Almost reluctantly he moved on to a similar notice board on the other side of a
door in the back wall. This board contained the ads of Mistresses and Masters in
much the same form.  Most on this board were professionals and the prices quoted
were substantial.  The man looked at each ad, reading its caption and quivering
with servile lust at the photographs of domineering men and women who promised
pain and suffering in return for total submission.

He then noticed a small sign on the door between the two boards and read its
message with growing anticipation.  It read: "Mistresses Lifestyle Gallery -
$50.00 Entry".  Gathering up his courage the young man again approached the
woman and tentatively asked, "Madam, what is the Mistresses Lifestyle Gallery,
please?"  The haughty female smiled at his awkwardness and replied.  "That is
where Mistresses who require full time slaves advertise.  These Mistresses are
not interested in occasional sessions with slaves.  They want full and total
submission on a full time, live in basis.  We charge for people to enter the
gallery as proof of their intent.  I'm sure that you will want to see what lies
beyond the door."  The woman added lifting her leg so that her brilliantly
polished, extremely high heeled pump rested on the counter before the man.  "In
addition to the monetary fee charged for entry into the gallery you are required
to give me a small display of submissiveness to demonstrate your servile
nature."

The young man blushed scarlet at this request.  The woman could see him
wrestling with himself, trying to decide wether to rush from the shop, or give
in to his deep seated need to submit.  After thirty, or so seconds of anguished
indecision he bent his head down and tenderly kissed the shiny leather toe of
her boot.  He kept his lips pressed to the cool leather for what seemed to him
to be and eternity before the woman ordered, "That's enough little male piglet. 
Pay your fee."  The man, his face red and literally radiating the heat of his
humiliation, handed another fifty dollars to the smiling woman and shuffled off
to the door, which clicked open as soon as he reached it.

The room he entered was quite small, and each of its walls were lined with ads. 
These were different from the ones in the main show room in that they were not
accompanied by pictures of the advertisers, but had rather more text.  The man
perused each ad carefully, his penis stirring in his pants as he read of the
humiliation, pain and suffering the Mistresses wished to inflict on slaves in
return for their undying loyalty, servility and gratitude.  The man continued to
read ads and was almost weeping with despair at not seeing any that suited him,
for he was not after pain and suffering.  He wanted humiliation above all else. 
Then he saw it, and as he read his heart pounded and he became light headed with
arousal, his penis immediately became rock hard and ached and throbbed with
wanton lust.

The ad read: "Mistress Lotta requires the full time services of a sex and
bondage slave to administer to her bountiful charms.  The slave must be young
and clean.  The size of its penis is not important for it will never use it on
my body.  I only require its mouth and tongue to administer to my pleasure.  I
am highly sexed and require that my sexual needs are attended to constantly, to
the extent of ten to twenty orgasms a day.  I do not punish physically but
rather use sex to control the slave, and extremes of humiliation to train it to
my needs.  Slaves applying to enter my service must be prepared for a lifetime
of service and body worship and must be prepared to endure extreme humiliation,
both in private and in public.  They must be prepared to submit to my will
without reservation, and to subjugate their every fibre to my lush pultritude at
any time night or day.  They must obey every order I give them immediately. 
They must totally surrender their own sexuality to my control.  To apply for the
honour of becoming my sex and bondage slave the applicant will be required to
undergo an initial test and then be interviewed by me, at which time the rules
governing their existence will be explained in detail.  At the end of the
interview if the slave acquiesces in all respects it will immediately become my
property. The initial test will be conducted by the owner of this boutique.  To
signify the desire to apply take this ad and hand it to her now."

The young man reached for the card with trembling fingers and plucked it from
the wall.  His heart pounded as he left the small gallery and walked to the
woman who still rested her high heeled boot on the counter.  He handed her the
card and immediately kissed her toe again.  She looked at him and noticing the
stiff penis straining at his fly snapped, "Lose that, pig!  We're not interested
in your sluttish lust, but in your servile nature."  The man kept his lips glued
to the shoe while he flushed scarlet, but his penis softened slowly in his
pants.  The woman lifted the receiver of a phone and dialled a number which was
answered almost immediately.

"Lotta, Cassandra here.  I have a pig's lips glued to my shoe.  The animal has
just handed me your ad."  There was a pause while Mistress Lotta replied.  "Oh,
he may be trainable, although his puny cock got stiff when he read you ad." 
Another pause and then, "Yes its not stiff now.  Shall I give the pig the test? 
OK, Bye now."  She turned her attention to the man as she replaced the phone. 
"Stand up and follow me!"  She snapped.  "We're going to test your resolve, and
give you a taste of what submission to Mistress Lotta means."  She moved over to
the rear centre of the room where a yard square piece of carpet lay on the
polished wooden floor and motioned to the trembling male to stand on it with his
legs open.

The leather clad woman took a stiff leather collar and quickly fastened it
around the man's neck ensuring that it was securely fastened and fitted snugly. 
Attached to either side of the collar were metal clasps which hung down towards
the man's shoulders.  The shop attendant took two wrist cuffs, also fitted with
metal clasps and strapped them to his wrists.  She then took each of his wrists
in turn and attached them to the collar. The black clad attendant then stood in
front of the shivering man and gazed into his eyes, her own icy blue ones
flashing cruelly.  She reached down and deftly unzipped his fly, thrust her hand
into his gaping trousers, and extracted the blushing male's substantially sized
penis and bulbous testicles.  When she had finished the sex parts hung out of
the pants, drooping down erotically.  The thick tube of the penis hung limply
over the hairy testicles with its purplish, spongy head swaying slightly about
three inches below the base of the scrotum.

When the woman was satisfied that the male's genitals were completely and
totally displayed she stood back and laughed, mockingly at the trembling
creature, blushing furiously before her.  She then went across the room and
dragged a weird looking contraption over and positioned it next to the bizarrely
displayed man.  The device was a sort of a lectern except that, instead of a
platform to hold a book at its apex, there were three prongs, almost like a
large fork.  The central tine had twenty rubber rings on it.  The left tine had
a small sign with the word "NO" below it, and the right a similar sign with the
word "YES".

Once she had this in place the exotic attendant again stood before the mortified
man.  She smiled at his acute embarrassment and then said, "Listen carefully,
little piglet, for what I am going to say is extremely important.  As you
already know from Mistress Lotta's card she doesn't use pain to control her
slaves.  She is more sophisticated than that, and prefers to have her slaves
humiliate themselves for her pleasure.  She expects that her slaves will not
only be totally and completely devoted to her and serve her every whim without
question, but they must also willingly, and joyfully, display their utter
submission to her by frequent, and demeaning displays of public signification of
that surrender.  She gains her greatest pleasure from a chattel who ensures that
all who see it know that it is owned by, and willingly submits to its glorious
Mistress."

The attendant was, by now, quite aroused and her voice betrayed her absolute
delight at the humiliation she was witnessing in the trembling man, and she
continued, "Further, you snivelling swine, in keeping with Mistress Lotta's
wishes you will remain as you are until twenty customers have viewed your
submissive display.  You will ask each to judge your submission and decide
whether that slug of a prick you are offering is worthy of being surrendered to
Mistress Lotta.  Be aware that your performance in this will have a distinct
bearing on whether or not you are to be granted an interview by Mistress Lotta.
You will be judged by the answers the people give by how they place the rings. 
Your have to get a least fifteen on the "YES" side for Mistress Lotta to even
consider granting you an interview.  I'll now leave you to it, pig."  The woman
concluded and returned to the front of the boutique and took up her normal
position.

About five minutes later the shop door opened and a woman entered.  She was
dressed in a severe business suite and her black hair was tied back in a bun. 
After conversing for a while with the attendant she moved into the store.  She
smiled at the displayed male who blushed furiously and lowered his eyes.  His
cracked voice stuttered out.  "Is the penis I am displaying suitable for
surrender to Mistress Lotta?"  He asked.  The woman glared at him and took one
of the rings and placed it on the "NO" tine and then stalked off.

The young man was mortified and wondered what he had done wrong.  His brain
worked feverishly and he finally decided that his supplication must have lacked
sufficient servility, and resolved to change this next time.  He was now
desperate to become Mistress Lotta's sex slave for he realised that she was his
ideal Mistress.  The next visitor to the store was again a woman.  This one was
tall and elegant and when she approached the man asked in a whining voice,
"Mistress, is the cock I offer worthy of surrender to Mistress Lotta?"  This
woman took a ring and, with a slight hesitation also, much to the dismay of the
humiliated man, placed it on the "NO" tine.

The male shuddered with frustration but, after due consideration, realised that
he must be on the correct track because of the woman's momentary hesitation
before rejecting his supplication.  He resolved to improve the next time.  This
time a male, quite old and not very well dressed, came into the store.  He
stifled a look of disbelief when he saw the man standing on the display mat, and
was even more shocked when he heard him ask, "Master, is the prick hanging
between my legs worthy of being permitted to surrender to the glorious Mistress
Lotta?"  The old man took a ring and, to the delight of the young man, placed it
on the "YES" tine.

After he had left the attendant glanced at the standing male and sneered, "You
were lucky with him, pig.  You're going to have to improve your performance
considerably to have any chance of getting the required fifteen "YES" answers. 
Personally, I don't think you have a snowflakes chance in hell."  The young man
trembled with shame and resolved to lose all his inhibitions with the next
customer.

The next visitor was again a woman.  This one was obviously a slave herself from
the submissive way she acted, and the grovelling tones her voice took on when
speaking to the shop's assistant.  When she approached the obscenely displayed
male he begged her, thrusting out his groin in a show of wanton submission,
"Please Mistress, is the pathetic slug drooping between this pig's legs worthy
of becoming the property of the marvellous Mistress Lotta?"  The man's face
burned with shame as he spoke, but his heart leapt with joy when the girl took a
ring and placed it on the "YES" prong.

Throughout the next two hours customers came and went and the degraded man asked
his question to each.  For the most part he was successful but their were some
failures.  Finally there was only one ring remaining, and it needed to be placed
on the affirmative ring for success to be achieved.  A short, squat male wearing
a neck to ankle cape of black leather, and with a totally bald skull entered the
boutique.  He wore shiny black high heeled boots that click clacked on the
polished floor when he entered the shop.  The young man watched with growing
apprehension when he went directly to the seated woman.

The disgraced man saw that the new visitor was clearly a slave to the boutique
attendant from the way he acted when in her presence.  He kept his head lowered
while she spoke to him and answered in deferential tones, addressing her as
"regal Mistress" while she called him her pet animal and her little slut.  They
both approached the standing male who kept his own eyes downcast and trembled
with a mixture of abject shame and apprehensive anticipation.  "Pig!"  The woman
addressed the displayed man.  "This is my own personal slave.  I have decided to
let him decide your pathetic fate, and to help him decide he has begged me to
allow him to give you two tests to gauge your servility, and therefore your
suitability to become a slave yourself."

"Show the pig your wares little puppy!"  The imperious woman commanded.  The
young man gasped in excited shock when the slave shrugged off his cloak.  The
man was almost entirely nude.  What he did wear was however, designed to
humiliate him, and to excite erotic lust in the viewers of his muscular body. 
His legs were encased in white, fishnet stockings, held up by pink satin
garters. Around his waist was a half corset of black kid leather, cinched almost
impossibly tightly.  His body was completely hairless and inch diameter steel
rings placed in his prominent nipples.  In his smoothly shaven crotch his penis
tube, thick and heavily veined was bent down over his fat testicles, and
disappeared back though his muscular thighs.

The tall woman put her hand on her slave's shoulder, "Turn around and bend over
puppy, and show this miserable swine what a slut you are when I permit you to
display your little male cunt!"  The squat male immediately complied with his
owner's order.  The prospective slave's heart raced with agitation when his wide
eyes were presented with the sight of the chattel's large, widely split
buttocks.  He gasped as he saw that the man's penis head was locked behind his
testicle pouch by a small padlock connecting two rings, one through the skin
behind the ball bag and the other through the loose flap of skin behind the
glans of his penis.  Above this bizarre sight his pouting rosebud anus winked
lecherously.

The boutique attendant stood next to her bending slave with one hand resting on
his humiliatingly presented bottom.  He, as if by unspoken command, began to
roll his buttocks, slowly and lasciviously, like a bitch in heat.  The woman
next reached down with her other hand and placed her gloved forefinger against
the hard muscled anal ring of the heavily breathing male.  He was soon
shimmering his smooth bottom and bore slowly back.  The black leather coated
finger slowly disappeared up his tight anus, not stopping until the entire digit
was buried up the clasping chute.  The woman wriggled her finger around in her
slave's welcoming rectum for thirty seconds, or so, and then withdrew it, to the
disappointment of the whimpering slave.

She waved the finger in front of the standing male's face, "Don't I have a
pretty finger, pig?"  She asked with a sneer.  "Yes, Mistress!"  The trembling
man replied, and the domineering woman continued, "But now it is soiled with the
secretions of my puppy's little arse hole.  I need it cleaned, and now!"  She
snapped.  The young man quivered with revulsion and dread as he realised what
she meant to have him do.  His stomach churned at the thought of licking the
soiled digit clean, but he knew that this was a test, and he had no choice but
to submit to this degrading act if he was to achieve his goal of acceptance by
Mistress Lotta.

He resolved to breath through his mouth so that the stench would not cause him
to gag, or even to retch, and also to close his eyes so that the slightly
brownish specks covering the extended finger didn't make him so aware of the
revolting nature of the act he was performing.  "No!  No!"  The domatrix
snapped.  "You don't think I'm going to stand for this, do you, you ungrateful
pig.  Open your eyes, and before you clean my finger, sniff it up and down for a
couple of minutes so that you can savour the aroma of slave arse hole, and know
that your only duty is to obey me without question, not to display your contempt
for me by your open and rebellious display of insolence.  Sniff it deeply!"

The young male blushed scarlet and craned his neck forward so that his twitching
nostrils were a mere quarter of an inch from the soiled finger.  He steeled
himself and began to sniff up and down the length of the extended digit.  The
repugnant scent of excrement, he found was not over powering, as he had
initially thought it would be, although it still brought a queasy feeling to his
belly.  While he was engaged in the demeaning act the cold voice of the woman
continued:

"Are'nt you filled with gratitude for the gift I am granting you, you putrid
pig?  Isn't your submissive heart bursting with joy at the thought that soon I
will even allow you to suck my seasoned finger into your foul mouth and taste
its delicious flavours?  I'll bet you wish that the finger had been buried up my
arse hole, rather than that of my slave, and was richly coated with my divine
crap, rather than just flecked with that of my little puppy, don't you pig?" 
The tyrannised male quivered with shame and degradation as he managed to stutter
out, "Yes Mistress.....Yes Mistress!" with his scarlet cheeks burning with utter
humiliation.

"Get on with it, sow!  Get your rutting tongue to work and clean my finger up! 
There had better not be one speck of my puppy's vile crap left on it when you
are finished, or you can kiss any chance of even being granted an interview by
Mistress Lotta goodbye, let alone entering her service!"  The young man,
tentatively at first, but then with more and more enthusiasm, lapped the
extended digit with his soft tongue.  At first he gagged slightly at the rancid
flavour, but soon accustomed himself to it, and to his chagrin, even began to
relish the taste.  A fresh, and delightfully servile surge of shame and
delicious degradation washed over him.

The haughty woman allowed the male to lick the leather coated finger for a few
minutes before withdrawing it from the reach of his lips.  She inspected the
shining leather closely before expressing a grudging satisfaction with his
efforts, and then bidding her slave to kneel before the displayed slave
applicant.  When he was in position she went over to the counter and retrieved a
small footstool which she positioned before her kneeling serf.  She then went
around behind him and bent down, retrieving a small key from a fine chain around
her neck, she removed the lock joining the head of her slave's penis to the rear
of his scrotum.  As soon as she had done this her slave's long thick penis swung
back and forth, drooping down between his splayed thighs.

She returned to stand between the two submissives, facing the one kneeling and
placing her erotically shod right foot on the low stool said, "I am going to
reward you little puppy."  She smiled down at the servile male.  "You may jerk
off your slug of a prick.  You may come precisely on the fifteenth stroke of
your hand on your worm, and deposit your scum on the top of my shoe."  By the
time she had finished speaking the kneeling slave's penis was already stiff and
throbbing and his fist grasped it mid way up the thick, heavily veined stem. 
She turned her head to the standing man and said, "Watch closely, pig, and learn
how a true slave like my little puppy obeys his Mistress."

The kneeling male slowly began to stroke his throbbing erection, careful to
position its purple head over the waiting shoe.  The young man watched,
fascinated, while the kneeling chattel masturbated, and gasped in awe when, on
the fifteenth stoke of his fist, gooey white fluid began to spew from the slit
in the penis head, and splash down onto the shiny leather toe of the domatrix's
shoe.  Huge gobs of the sticky fluid soon covered the shoe, and the slave
squeezed his ropy stem strongly to ensure that every last drop was extracted
from the pleasure filled organ.

When she was satisfied that he had completely emptied his testicles, the woman
quickly bent down and re-locked his now limp penis in place between his legs and
then ordered him to stand and put his cloak back on.  She then turned her
attention to the other male and began to speak.  "You, pig, will now beg to be
allowed to do what a slave should in these circumstances.  If my puppy judges
that you have behaved correctly he will place the last ring on the affirmative
prong and you will be granted an interview with Mistress Lotta, otherwise you
will leave these premises and never return.  Is that clear, piglet?"  The male
gasped out, his voice betraying his humiliation as well as his obvious arousal,
"Yes Mistress." After a few seconds the woman snapped, "Well, pig, I haven't got
all day!"  The young man blushed scarlet and began to beg, "Please Mistress,
allow this pig the privilege of cleaning the slave scum from your glorious shoe. 
Please Mistress, this pig begs you with all its heart and soul!"  The woman did
not appear all that happy with his response when she asked her slave to judge
him.  The cloaked serf took the ring and seemed to hesitate for an age before
slipping it over the affirmative prong.  The sigh of relief from the standing
male was almost palpable and he flushed with a sense of achievement.  This
euphoric state of mind was soon shattered by the woman who, after banishing her
own slave from the boutique continued:

"You're lucky pig,"  She snapped.  "If it had been me making the choice you
would have failed miserably.  Now put that slug hanging between your legs away." 
She ordered, while un-snapping his wrists from the collar.  The man thrust his
semi erect penis and swollen testicles back into his pants, almost with a sense
of loss.  The woman then directed his attention to a small parcel with a sealed
envelop on top of it that rested on the end of the counter.  "When I dismiss
you, you are to take those items with you.  The envelope contains your
instructions.  Needless to say any deviation from the instructions, no matter
how inconsequential it may seem to you, will be seen as a direct affront to
Mistress Lotta, and result in her instant rejection of your petition.  Now get
on your back on the floor and, even though you don't deserve it, I will grant
you the privilege of cleaning my shoe of my puppy's ball trash."

The trembling youth quickly lay on his back on the floor, staring up at the
regal dominator.  She moved over and straddled his face.  The man blushed
scarlet as he stared in awe up her skirt to her crotch.  In place of the
expected vagina hung a large penis supported by hairy testicles.  The Domatrix
gave him a little time to savour the wanton sight before placing her dripping
shoe over his mouth.  The humiliated male lapped at the dripping juice with
feeling of submissiveness and servile shame coursing through him.  The taste of
male cum was not new to him, of course, for he had often drank his own after
masturbating to fantasies of submission and slavery.  But this was the first
time he had tasted the semen of another male and the degradation of the act
thrilled him to his core.

He lapped at the patent leather until it shone with his saliva, and every speck
of the sticky liquid had been removed.  Once she was satisfied with the job done
the attendant dismissed the male.  When he rose he attempted to remove the
collar around his neck, and the cuffs from his wrists, and was mortified to find
that they had been locked onto him.  He was still blushing scarlet when he
grabbed the items from the counter and left the boutique.




Chapter 2 - Prelude to the Interview

The young man rushed back to his boarding house room in the dingy building in
which he lived.  As he walked he blushed scarlet at the strange looks he
received from passers by when they saw his collar. The looks ranged from sheer
disgust to knowing little leers accompanied by chortling and giggling,
especially from the women.  He was mightily relieved when he finally reached his
boarding house and ran to his room.  He closed and locked his door to ensure
that his obnoxious landlord could not get to him to torment him as was the
odious man's usual practice.  He drew in his breath in large gasps as his pulse
once again slowly began to return to something like a normal rate.

The youth placed his parcel, and the accompanying letter on a low coffee table
and looked at them with a tinge of excited trepidation buzzing in his head.  He
carefully took the letter in his hand and flicked it open.  There was one
carefully folded sheet of paper inside and he withdrew it with consummate care
as though it were fragile and may crumble in his hands.  He slowly unfolded the
sheet and spread it out on the table.  His heart leapt with humiliation, and a
degree of sensual arousal, when he saw its address which read "thing".  He
quickly read the first couple of lines, his face reddening with embarrassment,
even though he was alone, as the words sunk in, "You will notice that I haven't
referred to you as a slave, thing, for you have not as yet convinced me that you
are worthy of that status.  Should you prove worthy of entering my service then
I shall bestow on you a name that befits your status.  Before reading my
instructions you will strip yourself naked and kneel before them with your legs
spread wide and your cock and balls resting on the floor.  Do it now, thing!"

The young male struggled to his feet and began to disrobe.  Once he was naked he
knelt before the table on which Mistress Lotta's letter lay and inched his knees
apart until he was in the position called for.  His long, ropy penis rested on
the threadbare carpet on the floor and his large, hairy testicles were crushed,
almost uncomfortably under his achingly spread crotch.  He once again began to
read the list of instructions, not stopping until he had read them all twice
over, by which time his penis was erect and throbbing, and his heart was racing
with excitement.  The instructions read as follows:

Thing, you will attend my residence for a formal interview at precisely 2pm on
Thursday at the address given below.  You will ring the bell on the door of my
apartment and wait for the latch to be sprung.  As soon as this happens you will
enter my vestibule and strip off your outer clothing to reveal your body in its
slave uniform, most of which is in the accompanying parcel.  Once ready you will
crawl into the interview room and kneel on the mat provided facing the mirrored
wall in the fashion you are now in.  You will ensure that your prick is limp at
this time.  Once in position the interview will proceed.

I will conduct the interview in such a fashion that all your responses will be
either "Yes, Mistress Lotta" or "No Mistress Lotta".  No other responses are
acceptable.  You will be asked questions, told of activities I expect, and then
asked if you are ready to comply.  In these cases a "No Mistress Lotta" response
will result in the immediate termination of the interview with the obvious
failure on your part.  Should this happen you will crawl from the interview
room, remove the slave uniform, dress and leave, never to return.  You will,
however, be permitted to retain the collar as a memento of your application, and
as a constant reminder of your abject failure.

As I mentioned earlier, most of my slave uniform is in the parcel you have.  You
will prepare your body by shaving all of your body hair off.  You will paint
your nipples and the head of your cock with the lipstick provided and then put
on the uniform.  Your normal clothes will then be put on over it.  The uniform
is not complete for it lacks the penis chastity I require my slave to wear. 
This is not because I don't want it on you, but rather because I wish to inspect
you prick in both its limp and stiff states as part of the evaluation process. 
If you are successful then you will don this chastity device before I allow you
into my presence.  You will not be permitted to gaze on my body until you are
committed to be my slave.

You may now open the parcel and inspect your slave uniform, and since Thursday
is tomorrow, I suggest you get to work on your shaving task.

The young man shivered with lust as he quickly refolded the memo and replaced it
in the envelop.  He reached out and took the parcel in his hands and began to
rip it open with trembling fingers.  As the paper shredded a number of items
spilled out onto the table.  Fresh surges of humiliation swept over him,
accompanied by growing feelings of wanton lust, as he gazed at the items
revealed.  There were a pair of pink nylon stockings, sheer and sensual, a pink
satin suspender belt with lacy frills and equipped with six suspenders, a pair
of long pink lace fingerless gloves and a pair of pink patent leather pumps with
impossibly high stiletto heels.  The only remaining item was a shiny gold
lipstick.  The youth opened it and saw that its hue was bright scarlet.

Without further ado the young man donned his bathrobe, collected his shaving
equipment and left the room.  He turned the collar of his robe up to hide the
slave collar should he run into his landlord.  He smiled to himself as he walked
down the corridor to the bathroom, realising that this was to be his last night
in this hell hole, and he would leave owing the hateful man a weeks rent as
well.  He shuddered slightly when it hit him that this would only happen should
he be successful at his interview with Mistress Lotta, and it strengthened his
resolve to submit to her completely no matter how humiliating or degrading it
would prove to be for him.  He suspected that, purely from the point of view of
looks and sexual endowment, that he was acceptable for if this was not the case
then what was the point of going any further with the selection for Mistress
Lotta's point of view.

Just as he entered the bathroom his landlord appeared from nowhere and shouted
at him, "Don't forget that the rents due tomorrow you little fag bastard.  If
its not paid immediately then its out on your ear, cunt!"  He yelled, adding
with a sly chuckle, "That is of course, unless you want to work it off on your
knees sucking my prick you faggot!"  The youth burned with shame and anger at
the words hurled at him.  He rushed into the bathroom, slammed the door shut,
and was sure to lock it securely for he wouldn't put it past the odious man to
burst in on him at any time, and he certainly didn't want him catching him in
the act of shaving his pubic hair off.

He turned on the shower and adjusted it so that it was piping hot, took off his
robe, arranged his shaving things and entered the cubicle.  He luxuriated in the
hot cascading water and began to lather his chest.  When he was satisfied he
took up his razor and quickly shaved off the sparse covering of hair on his
chest and belly.  Since he was not a hairy man to start with this did not take
him very long.  He awkwardly attended to his buttocks and back and was able to
get every hair off because there were even fewer growing in these nearly
inaccessible areas.  Next he carefully shaved under his arms, going over them
twice to ensure a smooth finish.

The male then went to work in his groin.  With infinite care he shaved all the
hair from his big balls, going over them again and again until he was satisfied
that not a single strand had escaped the busy razor.  Lastly, and with
sensations of sheer blissful wantonness washing over him, he shaved his pubic
hair away.  He worked at it for almost five minutes before he was satisfied that
his mound was smooth. He looked down at his groin with pleasure marvelling at
the smooth pinkness of his skin now that it was hairless.  While he worked his
penis had stiffened and throbbed with desire.  The young man resisted the
temptation to masturbate it however, for when he had begun his quest a few weeks
ago he had resolved to deny himself any sexual relief until he no longer
controlled his sexual activity himself.

His silent lonely pleasure was rudely interrupted by a pounding on the bathroom
door accompanied by the shouts of his landlord that he was using too much hot
water and the bathroom was not the place to wank his cock.  He quickly turned
off the water and dried his smooth body off, donned his robe, collected his
shaving utensils and rushed from the room.  He was lucky enough to get to his
room without the offensive man appearing to torment him and sighed with relief
as he locked his door.  He threw off his robe and lay on his narrow bed.  He
spent an hour or so running his hands all over his body thrilling to the strange
smoothness it now had.  His long thick penis swelled to erection and he
languidly stroked it for a while.  By this time it was quite late in the evening
and he soon drifted off to sleep dreaming dreams of bondage and submission.

The young man woke with a start to the sound of other patrons of the boarding
house preparing for their work day.  He glanced at his cheap alarm clock and saw
that it was almost ten o'clock.  He got up, put on his robe and rushed to the
bathroom.  He realised that he didn't have much time to spare for Mistress
Lotta's residence was on the other side of town.  He quickly showered and again
shaved his body although he hardly needed to, but he wished it to be perfect for
the Mistress he was trying to impress.

He returned to his room and again locked the door.  He grabbed the suspender
belt and fixed it around his narrow hips.  The slinky garment rode low on his
hips and the satin suspenders hung down his smooth thighs.  Next he took the
stockings and began to smooth one of them up his right leg.  The male thrilled
to the sensual feel of the sexy material on his skin as he worked it up his leg
until it was fully in place and he was able to snap the suspenders to its top to
hold it there.  He quickly repeated his actions with the remaining stocking and
then smoothed the gloves up his arms.  They reached to his elbows and his
fingers poked out of their mitts in an almost bizarre fashion.

The erotically clad man reached out with trembling fingers and took the lipstick
up.  He carefully wound out the stem of gloss and painted his pointy little
nipples with it until they shone scarlet.  He then reached down to his stiff
penis and delicately applied the cosmetic to its bulging head.  He made sure
that every part of the spongy meat was richly coated with the scarlet gloss. 
Once he was finished he willed his penis to soften and went to view himself in
his wardrobe mirror.  He blushed crimson at what he saw.  Red dots highlighted
his nipples and his penis looked totally decadent with its shining scarlet head
framed as it was by the sensual sexy suspenders and hose.

He donned loose track suit pants and a sloppy joe, rollneck pullover and put on
his sneakers.  The sweater covered his collar and the rest of his body in its
erotic finery was well hidden.  He re-capped the lipstick and placed it in his
pocket.  He knew that he would have to touch up his make-up after the bus trip
across town.  He wrapped the pumps up in the parcel paper, collected Mistress
Lotta's instructions and prepared to leave.  He cracked his door open and
sneaked a glance out into the dark corridor.  When he was satisfied that it was
deserted he slipped out and ran the full length, down the stairs and out of the
dingy building.

The warm sunlight blazed down on the young man as he ran to the bus stop just in
time to catch the cross town bus.  As the bus moved off he settled into a seat
at the rear.  The bus was quite crowded and he blushed to think what the people
on board would think if they knew what he was wearing under his drab outer
garments.  He felt a slight stirring in his smooth groin at this thought and had
to concentrate on other things to prevent his penis from tenting his pants.

The bus trip took over an hour to complete and the young man was worried that he
might be late if it took him too long to locate Mistress Lotta's apartment
building.  He got off the bus and looked around. As luck would have it the
street where the Mistress lived was right next to the bus stop.  He checked the
time in a store window and found that he had twenty minutes before the time for
his appointment. He leisurely walked down the street and located her building in
about ten minutes.  Luckily there was a clock in the foyer of the plush building
and he studied it until the time was three minutes to two.

He then took the lift to the third floor where Mistress Lotta had her apartment
and, with a wildly beating heart, approached the heavy wooden door to her home. 
He pressed the buzzer with a quivering finger and waited, almost holding his
breath with trepidation.  About thirty seconds later he heard a soft click and
he pressed on the door.  It quietly moved open and he tentatively entered the
silent, plushly carpeted foyer.  The whole place reeked of opulence and luxury
and the young man was filled with an awful dread that a woman of Mistress
Lotta's obvious wealth and class might find him of too lower caste for her
taste, while he softly closed the door behind him.

He saw a stiff backed chair against a wall, the only furnishing in the small
room and quickly approached it.  He took off his sweater and trousers and placed
them on the chair and then removed his sneakers.  He inspected his make-up and
quickly re-touched it so that it was perfect and then awkwardly strapped the
pumps to his feet, mildly surprised that they fitted him almost perfectly.  He
almost toppled over as he attempted to walk in them, and was glad that he was
required to crawl into the interview room so Mistress Lotta would not be
disappointed at his clumsy attempts to walk on the impossibly high heels.

The young man stumbled to the door of the interview room and sank to his knees
before it.  He reached up and turned the knob and opened the door.  Taking a
deep breath in an endeavour to control his nervousness, not to mention his acute
embarrassment, he shuffled past the door into the room.  He glanced at his
surroundings in awe.  The room was quite small, and devoid of any furnishings at
all. The far wall was completely mirrored from floor to ceiling, and a four foot
square mat was positioned before it, about three feet from the wall itself.  The
two side walls each had a line art print hanging on it.  These prints were
marvellously produced and each depicted a nude slave in intricate sexual
bondage, one male and one female.  Just off to one side of the mat was a small
box.  The crawling man peered at it with some trepidation, knowing instinctively
that it must contain the chastity belt that was to be part of the slave uniform.

He soon reached the mat and took up a position, kneeling on it with knees spread
wide so that his humiliatingly decorated penis flopped limply on the cool rubber
surface before him, and his large bloated testicles rested firmly on its smooth
surface.  He kept his head bowed, but was still able to see his shameful
reflection in the mirrored wall in front of him.  His mind was racing with
thoughts of the dominant woman he knew to be on the other side of the mirrored
wall, inspecting his erotically displayed body, and his cheeks blushed crimson
with the shame of it all.  His high state of excitement was evident however by
the continual twitching of his long thick penis, and he had to concentrate hard
to keep it from stiffening.

The young slave applicant held his position, motionless, for at least five
minutes while the voluptuous Mistress Lotta inspected his nudity from her
position, seated comfortably in a leather arm chair behind the two way mirror. 
A smile of satisfaction creased her full red lips to the thoughts passing
through her head that the boy was certainly well built and good looking, not to
mention well hung, not that this was especially important to her for she never
allowed slave penis to enter any of her bodily orifices.  It was nice, however,
for her visual pleasure that her slave was well endowed, and it would certainly
enhance her pleasure when she forced him to perform for her, either solo, or as
a participant with other slaves in sex exhibitions.  She was especially pleased
with his obvious embarrassment, for it showed that, even though he was
completely humiliated by his position, he was dedicated enough to allow himself
to be degraded and debased in his endeavours to please her.

Mistress Lotta sighed deeply and hoped that the kneeling male would pass the
interview for, not only was she rapturous about his looks, but she was also
becoming sick of interviewing prospective slaves and wanted to find one that
suited her desperately.  He was the fourteenth she had considered since placing
her advertisement and all of the others had been unsuitable for a variety of
reasons.  Certainly none had been as young or handsome as the one kneeling
before her now.  But her standards were stringent and he would have to meet all,
without exception, if he was to become her property.  Mistress Lotta had been a
professional dominant for many years but had recently retired having made her
fortune from her trade both as a personal dominator to her clients, and more
recently as a publisher of magazines and videos devoted to the S&M culture.  She
was experienced in inflicting pain and suffering on slaves but over recent years
had tired of doing this, preferring to control her subjects through enforced
humiliation, together with strict control of their sexuality.  She had found
that this was not only a more challenging method of domination, but also
infinitely more satisfying for her sophisticated dominating psyche.

Mistress Lotta was a large woman in her late thirties, six feet tall in her bare
feet and large boned.  She kept herself in good physical shape and held her age
exceedingly well.  She had long blonde hair and a striking, if not classically
beautiful facade with full lips, a strong jaw, cold green eyes, and a cute snub
nose.  Her bust was truly amazing measuring fifty inches, each massive breast
capped by a large deep brown aureole from which protruded an inch long, meaty
nipple.  Her breasts sagged slightly on her chest, more from their sheer weight
than through any aging process.  She was particularly proud of her breasts with
their big, super sensitive nipples, and was able to achieve quite strong orgasms
from having them made love to alone.

Mistress Lotta rose from her chair to her full height.  She was almost naked,
having a waist cincher of black patent leather enclosing her fairly thick waist
leaving her large white buttocks bare, and cupping and supporting her imposing
breasts, but not in any way covering the creamy globes.  Her long legs and full
thighs were encased in black opera hose held up with leather garters supported
by her cincher, and she wore stiletto heeled pumps of black patent leather, the
heels being almost six inches in height adding considerably to her already
imposing stature.  The Domatrix's crotch was covered by a tangle of soft blond
curly hair which could not entirely hide the long, thick lips of her vulva.  Her
clitoris was clearly visible at the apex of her split, even in her unaroused
state, such was the prominence of the pleasure nub.  She walked over to a
bookshelf and retrieved a clip board that contained her assessment sheets.  As
she bent to collect the clipboard the large half moons of her creamy white
buttocks split and revealed her pink, crinkled anal pout.  The intimate hole was
quite large and the thick ring of muscle surrounding it stood out prominently. 
She straightened up with the clipboard in her hand and then returned to her
seat.

The voluptuous woman sat down comfortable once again and prepared to interview
the candidate waiting impatiently in the small room.  The sheet of paper on the
board had ten separate topics of interrogation listed on it.  Under each were a
number of small boxes to be either ticked or crossed depending on the answers
given by the candidate.  The crucial boxes had heavily bolded outlines and each
of then had to be ticked for the slave to pass that part of the test.  As soon
as one of these emphasised boxes received a cross the interview would be
immediately terminated, for it would mean that the slave was not of a suitable
standard for Mistress Lotta.

Before beginning she flicked through the sheets she had used for the previous
fourteen candidates, eight males, four females and two transsexuals.  Only one
of the previous applicants had gone past the fifth topic, and she had failed at
the sixth level.  All had passed the first level for it merely tested the
applicants readiness to live with her permanently and attend to the cleaning and
cooking chores and other purely domestic duties.  The only difficult matter
associated with it was the agreement to wear the uniform, including the
chastity.  All also passed the second level for it covered the slaves
willingness to attend to Mistress Lotta's sexual needs.

Four of the previous males opted out at the third level where the frequency and
means of their sexual relief were outlined.  Three of the other males failed at
the fourth level where their willingness to perform sexually with other males
was the topic.  The fifth level, associated with attendance to Mistress Lotta's
needs, when in public, got rid of the remaining male, both transsexuals, and all
but one of the females.  The sixth level, associated with the slave being
commanded to demean itself with total strangers in public places, other than
within the B&D culture, caused the failure of the final female.

The seventh level, involving exhibitionist masturbation, the eighth concerning
attending to Mistress Lotta and her lovers, the ninth involving shopping for sex
related items for the Mistress, which included submission to the store
attendants, and the tenth relating to participation in sexual displays as part
of the entertainment at the various kinky clubs Mistress Lotta attended, and
participation in X rated films and videos to contribute to the Mistress' income,
had yet to be tested with any applicants.

It was obvious to Mistress Lotta that public displays of subservience and
debasement were the most difficult areas for most slaves.  They were prepared to
humiliate themselves in her presence, and even, to some extent in the company of
others with the same cultural bent, but when it came to the more public
exhibitions the applicants became more and more reluctant.  Oh well, she thought
to herself, we can but hope that this little morsel is more like a true slave,
but she prepared to commence the interview with little expectation of success,
almost resigned to never quite finding what she truly wanted.  But being a woman
of strong will she had resolved that she would only accept total compliance with
her standards, or she would forego the pleasure of owning her own personal slave
altogether.




Chapter 3 - The Interview

Mistress Lotta gathered her thoughts together, and with a degree of hopeful
anticipation, addressed the kneeling male, speaking into a microphone positioned
next to her chair.  The male jumped with fright at the sound of her voice, his
state of mind being so acutely tuned to his demeaning situation.  "Before we
begin thing,"  Mistress Lotta said.  "Let me remind you that the only words I
want to hear from you are either "Yes, Mistress Lotta." or "No, Mistress Lotta."
is that clear, thing?"  She asked.  A murmured reply came from the kneeling
male, barely audible, "Yes, Mistress Lotta."  "Speak up!  I can't hear you!" 
The domatrix snapped, annoyed at the beginning the applicant had made.  "Yes,
Mistress Lotta"  The mortified male squealed in a loud voice, perhaps realising
that he had displeased the woman he so desired to serve.  "That's better." 
Mistress Lotta commented and then began the interview in earnest.

"The first thing I'll talk about is domestic duties.  I expect my slave to work
hard to keep my home spic and span, to cook all meals, do all the laundry, and
do the shopping and generally run the house. While inside the apartment
undertaking these duties the slave will always be dressed in full formal slave
costume.  When he is required to leave the house in the course of the duties,
one of which will be to serve me lunch at my business premises when I am there,
and almost invariably to serve me sexually while I eat, he will be permitted to
wear outer clothing over his erotic slave finery, although his slave collar must
be visible at all times when he is in public so that all who see him know that
he is a slave. Are you willing to undertake all that I have asked, thing?"  She
asked.  The male answered almost immediately, making sure that his reply was
loud and clear, "Yes, Mistress Lotta!"

Mistress Lotta duly placed a tick in the bolded box on her sheet and prepared to
move on to the next topic, "Thing,"  She said.  "I am an extremely highly sexed
woman requiring a minimum of ten orgasms a day to satisfy my carnal needs.  I am
able to climax through nipple and arse hole stimulation alone, as well as,
obviously, when my pussy and clitoris are the objects of attention, such is my
highly sensual and erotic nature.  I require my slave to attend to my needs with
his mouth and tongue only, at any time, day or night, and in any location we may
be.  Are you willing, and able to perform this service?"  The kneeling male
shuddered with servile excitement and rapped out a quick, "Yes, Mistress Lotta!" 
She continued, having ticked a normal box, "Never, under any circumstances will
the worm hanging between your legs be permitted to enter any of my body's
openings.  This law will be enforced for all of your life with me.  Do you
agree, thing?"  She held her breath while waiting for the man's answer, for this
was the first real test.  The man hesitated slightly, and her heart fell,
anticipating refusal, but she sighed with relish, and some relief when he called
out, "Yes, Mistress Lotta!"

"My slave will be expected to perform the duties of a body slave.  These will
include attending to my ablutions each day, wiping my arse hole after I have
defecated, drying my pussy after I have urinated, bathing my body, dressing it,
and applying my make-up.  Are you willing to do this, thing?"  The reply, "Yes,
Mistress Lotta!"  Came immediately and she ticked another box.  "At bath time,
and when I am in my bed you will be privileged to see my body entirely naked. 
When I require your sexual services I will generally only have the part, or
parts of my body that I wish you to pleasure nude and available to you.  I
expect you to react with sensual service immediately at any time I appear before
you with one, or more, of my erogenous zone unclothed.  This is, in fact the
only signal you will receive to indicate that your mouth is needed.  When this
happens you will immediately cease whatever activity you may be engaged in and
fall to your knees and plead, "Darling Mistress Lotta, may your 
have the unrivalled privilege of using his mouth to worship, adore, and pleasure
your beautiful and exquisite <bottom and ravishing arse hole, and/or mighty
breasts and delightful nipples, and/or glorious vulva, succulent vagina and
wonderful mouth-watering clitoris.  Please precious Mistress Lotta, your
 begs and pleads with all his bursting heart."  You will then wait
for permission to proceed which, when given, will be the signal for you to
administer to the part or parts of my body involved with single minded devotion
and consummate skill, and without let-up, until I order you to cease.  As soon
as this happens you will be required to express your gratitude for being
permitted to service my body, and to express your dearest hope that your
performance was deemed satisfactory.  Are you prepared to accede to this life
long fundamental service, thing?"

The young male quivered with growing lust and wantonness, this was exactly what
he desired, and was almost beyond all his initial expectations, and he cried out
with enthusiasm, "Yes, Mistress Lotta!" Mistress Lotta placed her tick in the
appropriate bolded box with a flourish of satisfaction and went on to the next
topic, "As you are aware, thing,"  she stated, "I do not physically punish my
slave for errant behaviour or lack of satisfactory performance.  Rather I use
stringent bondage, together with total control over his ability to experience
sexual relief, as a means of expressing my displeasure or, indeed, to express my
satisfaction if his performance warrants it.  This will sometimes certainly mean
prolonged periods where no sexual relief at all will be afforded you.  Do you
agree to these terms unreservedly?"  The trembling slave was now in a dilemma,
for he too was highly sexed, and the thought of spending days, weeks, or even
months celibate scared him to his core.  While he thought about this another
thought seeped into his tumoiled mind, of course he would work so hard to please
his Mistress in all ways, that she would grant him release frequently if she
were to use this as a reward. He made up his mind and cried out, "Yes, Mistress
Lotta!"

"To continue to the last requirement for this subject,"  The seated Mistress
continued.  "My slave will only achieve sexual relief in one of two ways, the
first is through the medium of strictly supervised masturbation, and the second
is by participating in sexual games with other slaves.  Will you submit to this
condition, thing?"  She asked, again somewhat fearful that this may be the time
when her candidate opted out.  She need not have worried for he was enraptured
with the prospect of being subjected to such humiliating acts and answered
quickly, and affirmatively, in the required manner.

"Good.  Good."  Mistress Lotta murmured in delight.  She was pleased that he had
passed the first two tests, but knew that the real tests were still to come.  In
fact the third area was to be crucial, especially for a male applicant, and it
was with some trepidation that she continued, "Thing, have you ever sucked
another man's penis?"  The youth's trembling voice betrayed his fear at what he
knew must be coming, "No, Mistress Lotta."  Mistress Lotta thought for a few
seconds and then decided to go with the shock treatment and hope that the
applicant would agree, even against his own better judgement just to allow the
interview to continue, so she gathered her breath and said, "Well thing, I
expect my slave to suck the penises of those I command him to, both dominant
males and, of course, other male slaves.  I not only expect him to suck them,
but also to drink from their balls, and to offer his tight arsehole to their
stiff penises without demure, and with proper care and devotion.  I insist on
this condition.  Do you agree?"

She waited, with bated breath, for the kneeling male's reply and could see him
almost struggling with himself, his cheeks blazing red with fear and shame. 
After an almost endless delay he managed to stutter out, "Yes, Mistress Lotta." 
The Mistress almost glowed with pleasure at his passing of this hurdle and
quickly ticked the bolded box, as if any delay might cause her subject to change
his mind. Basically all of the rest of the subjects for interrogation were
fraught with danger but Mistress Lotta was given renewed hope by this little
episode and was keen to continue, for she didn't anticipate any problem with the
next condition.

"Thing, from time to time I will require you to attend to my sexual needs when
we are in public.  Do you agree, whatever is involved?"  The male answered
almost immediately in the affirmative fashion. The next test was again a danger
one.  In fact, in some ways it was the most dangerous, and yet crucial, one to
date, and if passed would certainly enhance the possibility of the candidate
going all the way.  Mistress Lotta broached the subject matter carefully, "As
you know, thing, it gives me great pleasure to heap potent humiliation on my
slave, the more demeaning and degrading for the slave the better.  In fact I am
almost capable of climaxing from watching a slave debase himself utterly for my
pleasure and entertainment alone.  One of the principal ways I like to achieve
this is by commanding my slave to offer his unique and submissive services to
complete strangers, not from our cultural background, and in public places where
all who view him are left in no doubt as to what he is doing. It will involve
many shocked and angry rebuffs for the slave, adding to his shame.  Further, I
will invariably view a rebuff as a failure in my slave to be sufficiently
submissive and persuasive in convincing his target to accept his unique
services.  This, of course will invariably result in a prolonged period of
celibacy for the slave.  If he is successful with his target he will attend to
his or her needs immediately, no matter where we are at the time, being sure,
however not to cause the subject embarrassment of any kind.  Think carefully,
thing, before you answer this because, since this activity pleases me so much,
it is a frequent game I force my slave to play.  Do you accede to this demand?"

Mistress Lotta was sitting on the edge of her seat while she anxiously awaited
the answer.  In truth she need not have worried, for the absolutely critical
point for the kneeling man was, in fact, the previous circumstance for he was
strongly heterosexual and the thought of sucking another man's penis and
drinking his semen was enough to make his stomach turn.  The mere fact that he
was able to overcome his revulsion at participating in these acts was enough for
him to resolve that he was going to answer all other questions in the
affirmative, no matter what was involved.  Mistress Lotta was not to know this,
of course, so her nerves were constantly on edge.  The red faced, and bizarrely
clad male cried out, even with a tinge of pure delight at the thought of
submitting to such delicious humiliation coming through in his voice, "Yes,
Mistress Lotta!"

The domatrix almost laughed with relief and her pen nearly tore the paper when
she ticked the appropriate box.  She quickly went on to the following discussion
point, "I am a member of a number of the more exclusive B&D clubs in this city. 
As entertainment for dominants at these establishments we require our slaves to
put on particularly erotic displays of lust and debauchery for our
entertainment.  For example, a slave may be commanded to perform a sexy and
wanton strip tease culminating in a thoroughly depraved exhibition of
masturbation.  Will you willingly participate in such presentations, and try
your hardest to make me proud by the depths of debauchery and perverse excess
you sink to in order to outdo other slaves in providing entertainment?"

"Yes, Mistress Lotta!"  The excited man almost yelled, thrilling at the idea
that he would be debasing himself in public shows of his devotion to his owner. 
"Good, thing."  Mistress Lotta said, her own excitement mounting with each
passing minute of success.  Her vagina was already moist and her clitoris was
slowly unfurling and hardening, her nipples long since stiff and tingling.  In
fact, she resolved that if the applicant proved suitable she would immediately
reward him with a session of limited body worship.  She would even supervise his
first masturbation as her slave if his efforts in pleasuring her body were not
too amateurish, such was the feeling of euphoria washing over her at the
prospect of at last discovering a suitable candidate for permanent slavery.

"To continue, thing.  As I mentioned earlier I am a highly sexed woman, and
completely heterosexual, although I do, from time to time, allow female slaves
to serve me, for a mouth is a mouth after all.  I do however, have numerous male
lovers whom I entertain.  When such occasions occur I expect my slave to attend
us in my bed, to prepare our sexual organs for intercourse, to titillate us
during the act to enhance our pleasure, and finally to clean our sated sex flesh
when we are finished.  Are you willing to serve me and my lovers in this
intimate way, and obey every command we issue no matter how degrading and
humiliating it might be for you?"  "Yes, Mistress Lotta!"  The excited youth
cried out immediately.

"I have a vivid imagination and as such am constantly acquiring new and more
erotic and bizarre clothing for both my own and my slave's bodies.  I also
collect erotic and sensuous sex toys to enhance my pleasure, and to attend to
the sexual bondage of my slave.  I will expect that slave to shop for such items
in stores that I frequent on my behalf.  I know the owners and attendants of
these shops and I will expect my slave to provide any services of a sexual
nature to them when he goes on these buying excursions.  You have had first hand
experience in one such shop so you are aware of what might be required of you. 
Do you accept this task willingly and without reservation?"  The kneeling male
answered straight away in the affirmative causing Mistress Lotta's growing
excitement to surge once again.

There was only the final subject to go, and the level of tension in both rooms
was palpable.  Mistress Lotta wasted no time in broaching the subject, "I allow
my slave to indulge in sexual activity with other slaves from time to time for
my entertainment, and for the pleasure of other dominants.  These activities may
take place in my home but more likely they will be staged in the clubs.  You
will be involved in one on one bouts with members of either sex, and
occasionally with transsexuals, as well as in group situations.  I will expect
you to suggest exhibitions that you think might provide club dominants with
pleasure and entertainment.  In addition, I am involved in the production of B&D
videos for sale around the world and you will be expected to participate in
these productions from time to time.  Will you submit to these activities,
thing?"  The slave answered in the affirmative and elation exploded over
Mistress Lotta.  She had not yet, of course seen the applicant's penis in full
erection, but she was sure he would be magnificent in this respect.  In fact she
prepared to command him to show her his penis in its stiff state straight away.

"Thing, you will be ecstatic to know that you have passed all of my initial
criteria."  She stated, her voice almost betraying her own pleasure and
excitement, but she managed to control it sufficiently to ensure that the
kneeling man would not yet be too self satisfied.  "All that now remains," she
continued, "Is to test you physically first, and then to come to our immediate
arrangements, and finally, of course, should you satisfy these, to give you your
new, and permanent name.  Firstly, I wish to see the worm hanging between you
legs in its rigid state.  Get it stiff for me right now, thing! No!"  She cried
out as the kneeling man made to grasp the stem of his long, thick penis with his
hand in order to caress it to throbbing hardness for her, "You are forbidden to
touch it.  You must get it hard with your mind alone.  I'm not interested in
owning a slave who needs physical stimulation to display his degenerate lust to
me!"

The mortified male blushed heatedly while he closed his eyes and began to
imagine himself, dressed in his erotically humiliating slave costume, in the
midst of the city's busiest mall.  He pictured his Mistress seated on a
transparent toilet seat with the large smooth half moons of her generous bottom,
split wide to reveal her muscle ridged anal ring, protruding below it.  He
envisioned himself kneeling below those sumptuously displayed cheeks, slipping
his face between them and thrilling to the warm flesh against his cheeks, then
delicately spearing the tight anal orifice with his wet pointed tongue for his
Mistress' enjoyment.

While the man dreamed of the tightness of his Mistress' anal ring squeezing his
tongue while he drove it deeply into her humid rectal passage, his penis
thickened and lengthened, slowly rising from the floor where it had rested
during his interview.  His breathing began to quicken as his excitement grew. 
His penis soon reached full erection and arched out and up from his groin.  Its
swollen, scarlet painted glans reached up to a position between his painted
nipples and his belly button, a small drop of moisture already seeping from its
slit.  He opened his eyes and stared down at his throbbing erection and a tinge
of pride flowed through him at its length and hardness.  Surely Mistress Lotta
will accept it, he thought to himself.

If he could have seen the broad smile on Mistress Lotta's lips he would have
been ecstatic.  If he had have been able to see her reach down and flick her
stiffened clitoris with her fingernail he would have been transported to heaven. 
But Mistress Lotta was not about to show him how pleased she was. Maybe, after
she had owned him for a few months she may show her pride in him, providing his
submission and performance matched his physical attributes.  However, while she
trained him to her wishes she would keep him off balance and anxious not to
cause her displeasure, always holding the threat of abandonment over him.

"Satisfactory, thing."  Mistress Lotta said in a voice that in no way betrayed
her deep feeling of relief and happiness at his performance.  "Now, get it soft
and limp again, quickly!"  The young man's heart raced with doubt.  He was so
aroused that he worried that it would take him far too long to lose his
erection.  Panic flooded through his mind as he thought desperately of a means
to dampen his ardour. In desperation he began to imagine himself being forced to
suck the putrid penis of his vile landlord. While feelings of utter revulsion
swept over him his penis collapsed almost instantaneously onto the cool rubber
mat, and he breathed a huge sigh of relief.

Mistress Lotta remained silent for a few seconds after this more than impressive
action by the kneeling male, and then said, in a mocking voice, "Well, thing, if
and when you become my property, we'll have to explore the reasons for that." 
The young man shuddered with shame and dread at the thought of her finding out
how he had managed to lose his erection so quickly when he was obviously highly
erotically sensitised.  She allowed her statement to sink in and then continued,
now anxious to complete the formalities and thus take possession of her new
plaything.  "While I am training you to my will I will explore all of your
taboos in depth, thing.  This means you will answer any questions I ask about
your past, your innermost desires and phantasies and your hopes for the future. 
You will never, never, ever lie to me under any circumstances, and believe me,
from studying you during this interview I will know if you have even slightly
clouded the truth in your dealings with yourself.  Do you understand and agree
to these stipulation, thing?"

The young man's voice cried out, even as the echo of his Mistress' voice had
barely died away, "Yes, Mistress Lotta!"  The aroused Mistress, now continually
petting her wet vulva and straining clitoris, being sure, however, not to allow
herself to climax, continued, "What I just asked you is of extreme importance,
thing, for my slave training will be designed to eliminate your own will
entirely.  It will be devised to explore your servility and then condition your
consciousness so that you are utterly submissive in every way.  Your mind will
be adapted so that your first thought, regardless of what is expected of you to
undertake, will be to surrender to it totally, and to perform it with absolute
devotion, diligence and with utterly no thought to any desires you may harbour
for your own satisfaction.  This, of course, means that, unlike some other
slaves I have known you will, under no circumstances make any suggestions or
harbour any thoughts of your own which you might even conceive as adding to
whatever I have decided is my pleasure.  For example, I may command you to
approach a man in the street and beg him to allow you to kiss the head of his
penis.  You may, in your own mind, think that I would receive more pleasure from
this act if you were to beg him to allow you to also kiss each of his testicles
as well.  You are forbidden to express such independent thoughts under any
circumstances.  You will always submit, unquestioningly, to my precise orders. 
Are you willing, and able to have your own will so completely and utterly
eradicated, to have your mind so submissively attuned that you will never have a
positive acting thought of your own, thing?"

The kneeling male was blushing furiously as he was once again jolted by the
level of humiliation, and the depths of servility that Mistress Lotta would
force on him.  His voice faltered momentarily, sending a shock of fright through
the lounging Mistress, not because he was about to demure at this late stage,
but rather because he was allowing the warm glow of his masochism to spread
through him, savouring the ecstasy that it brought, "Yes, Mistress Lotta!"  He
finally managed to gasp out.  The sense of relief in Mistress Lotta's voice
could hardly be disguised when she began to speak once again, "Finally, thing,
all of the things you have, of your own still free will, agreed to are
inviolate.  Should you fail in any aspect then this is what will befall you. 
You will be immediately dismissed from my service, thrown naked into the street
to fend for yourself.  I will then, through my extensive contacts in the world
of S&M and B&D, ensure that you are black banned from ever becoming the slave to
another.  I will ensure that all professional dominants refuse to ever attend to
you no matter what financial rewards you offer them.  Is all this perfectly
clear to you, thing?"

The young man's skin rose in goose bumps all over his nearly nude body while he
had listened to the terrifying fate that would befall him if he reneged on any
of his promises to the domatrix he had not, as yet, even seen.  It was
frightening for him to even contemplate failure on his part, yet what if her
demands were beyond his capacity to fulfil.  What then.  It would mean that his
phantasies would always remain just that, for he was in no doubt that she was
capable both within herself, and in her ability to actually have him ostracised. 
His commitment was, however, total by now.  He had not come this far,
experienced the exquisite sensations of erotic and depraved humiliation that he
had, to give up now.  His mind grappled with the thought that if the delicious
feelings of shame he had so enjoyed to date were so delightful to him, how more
immaculate they would come when he was subjected to the types of severe
humiliation and submission the Mistress was promising as his never ending fate. 
A warm glow spread though his kneeling nudity and he cried out in absolute
yearning, "Yes, Mistress Lotta!"

"Thing, from this instant on, you are mine.  You are my slave to do with
whatever I desire.  Your mind is no longer your own, but is rather tuned
exclusively to my will in perfect submission.  You will accede to my whims
without question or any trace of rebellion no matter how degrading, humiliating,
debauched, depraved, perverted or degenerate that whim may prove to you.  You
will love me totally and utterly, not in the way a man normally loves a woman,
not in the way a subject loves his monarch, but rather in that surreal and
ecstatic way a worshipper loves his Goddess with every fibre of his being.
Dominating your every conscious though will be the absolute craving to serve my
every need and be submissive and subservient to my every impulse."

Mistress Lotta stared with absolute triumph at the kneeling male whose eyes were
shining with a kind of rapture that made her aroused body tingle all over. 
"Your new, and permanent name from now on my slave, will be piglet.  I will only
refer to you as either slave or piglet.  You, when your are required to refer to
yourself will call yourself piglet, or slave piglet.  Now, let me hear you
introduce yourself, as if you were meeting some stranger for the first time. 
The shaking male's heart was bursting with joy and elation.  Mistress Lotta had
accepted him as her personal property, would train him to her needs.  He would
not have to worry about anything, except worshipping, adoring and serving her
and pleasing her forever.  He was in absolute masochistic heaven.

He gathered his thoughts and cried out, his voice betraying the elation he was
experiencing, "I am piglet, Mistress Lotta, your totally mindless worshipping,
adoring, and utterly submissive slave, piglet!" Mistress Lotta asked
immediately, "What is your most heart felt desire little piglet?"  She asked,
her pulse racing with the heights of her arousal, and her vulva flooded with her
hot aromatic juices.  The slave cried out his reply, "Mistress Lotta, I, your
adoring slave piglet only desire that you train me so that I become the most
perfectly submissive slave who is programmed with only one aim in life, to cater
to your every need and desire for ever and ever!"

There was a brief silence between Mistress and slave while they both savoured
the ecstatic sensations of fulfilment, and fought to control what was fast
becoming, uncontrollable lust on the part of Mistress Lotta, and the same urge
within the slave to gaze upon the body of his owner.  Mistress Lotta ordered the
kneeling male slave to open the package beside him and to place the chastity it
contained on his body.  While he delicately opened the package Mistress Lotta
enveloped her massive breasts in a pink satin bra that struggled to contain
their soft smooth masses.  She was so aroused that she wanted her vulva and
clitoris sucked immediately, with no gradual build-up of her pleasure.  The
preceding hour had seen to that.

The slave stared at the final piece of his slave uniform in awed fascination. 
Uncontrollable surges of submissive adrenalin rushed through his veins at the
erotic and bizarre nature of the chastity.  He was rudely snapped out of his
euphoria by Mistress Lotta snapping at him to hurry up and put the celibacy
girdle on his slave body.  It was constructed of a mixture of soft, and stiff
leathers and was pink in colour to match the other parts of his erotic costume. 
It consisted of a belt, about a half an inch in diameter with, instead of a
buckle, two metal loops that fitted together.  Another strap, also of the same
width was attached to the rear of the belt permanently, with a metal loop on its
other end which was designed to fit over the ones that would link the belt in
front of the body that wore it.  Three or four inches from the loose end of this
strap there was a cone shaped stiff leather attachment a bit larger than an
icecream cone with its end cut out with a hole about an inch in diameter.  Two
or three inches below this cone stood a smooth leather cylinder, almost the size
of a small penis, six inches long, and an inch wide.  Between the cone and the
butt plug was a small hole, a half an inch in diameter, with elastic edges.  The
package also contained an open padlock, but no key.

The embarrassed slave soon realised what he had to do to put the chastity on. 
he wrapped the belt around his waist and linked its two metal loops, keeping
them together with the arm of the padlock without closing it.  He then took the
strap, with its attachments and carefully drew it through his legs. He
positioned the butt plug against his anal pout and whimpered while forcing the
plug into his rectum. He pushed at it until the entire length of the plug was
buried up his back passage.  Next he used the fingers of one hand to prise the
elastic sided hole open as far as he could and then, with infinite care, fed
each of his bulging testicles through it.  When he released the pressure on the
hole it closed around the base of his smoothly shaven testicle bag causing his
fat orbs to bulge erotically from their pink leather base.

The slave contemplated the pink leather cone next.  He worked his limp penis
into it until the head poked half way through the hole at the apex of the cone. 
He then worked hard to force the spongy plumb through the hole sighing with
relief when it popped clear and he felt the leather edges of the hole snugly
holding the stem of his penis, immediately below the trapped and exposed head. 
While he was doing this, of course, he smudged his penis head's rich, scarlet
coating quite badly and got liberal quantities of the gloss on the leather of
the cone.  He was totally engrossed in what he was doing and prepared to lock
the front end of the strap to his waist belt.  He pulled the strap up until he
was able to place its loop within the one of the belt, and then locked it in
place with the padlock.  He shivered with delicious humiliation, realising that
his Mistress had the key to the chastity, and thus now had control of his sex.

When the slave straightened up the strap between his legs was pulled tight. 
This forced the butt plug even deeper into his tight rectum.  It also caused the
cone trapping his penis tube to be raised along his belly until it jutted out at
a forty five degree angle, and out four inches from his smooth belly.  It looked
so degradingly sexy, his trapped penis with its scarlet glossed head bulging
obscenely at the apex of the leather cone.  The pull of the tight strap also
caused the slave's round, fat, smooth testicles to protrude out from the pink
leather so they were clearly displayed in front of his thighs.  The whole
intricate bondage presented a most demeaning, but all the same highly erotic
picture of the young slave male's crotch.

Mistress Lotta spoke again as soon as her new slave had completed his task of
placing his chastity on his body, "Wait five minutes, piglet, and then you may
leave the room, fix up your smeared make-up, and then come to my sitting room,
which is through the door which is at the far end of the corridor at the end of
the foyer.  You may then knock on the door and when you hear my permission for
you to enter you may come into my presence for the first time, and be permitted
to gaze upon my body.  I have no need to remind you, I am sure, of what your
duties are when you are summoned to my presence.

The excited slave replied with elated anticipation, "Yes, Mistress Lotta!"  His
brain was singing with rapturous expectation.  He was about to see his owner for
the first time.  To be permitted to gaze in rapt awe at her body and her face. 
He was sure that he would be overcome with joy, and his longing to serve her
would rise to knew peaks when he was permitted to gaze upon her loveliness.  The
five minutes he had been ordered to wait before leaving the interview room
seemed to the kneeling slave to last for hours, and when it was finally time he
crawled from the room with almost indecent haste, such was his desire.

The young slave saw, when he re-entered the foyer of the apartment, that the
clothes he had worn on the bus over had disappeared, but the golden tube of
lipstick lay, glinting on the antique chair.  Next to it lay a couple of
tissues.  The slave carefully re-painted the head of his trapped penis until it
once again shone crimson.  He then took the tissues and delicately cleaned all
traces of the gloss form the leather of his chastity, and from his fingers. 
When he was satisfied that he was perfect he replaced the lipstick on the chair
and left the soiled tissues on the floor beneath it and crawled towards the door
that held his fate for what he hoped would be the rest of his life.




Chapter 4 - The First Session (Home Life)

The humiliatingly adorned young male slave crawled to the door he had been
directed to.  He paused before the portal and tried to still his wildly
palpitating heart.  He was about to be allowed into the presence of the Domatrix
he had just pledged his life to.  Even though he knew that she had inspected him
closely, somehow he was still deathly afraid that she would find some fault, and
dash his dreams of submission and slavery.  No matter how hard he tried, he
could not quell the feelings that assailed him, of dread and high excitement. 
His bizarrely trapped penis ached as it sought to stiffen in the tight confines
of its captivity, but the deviously designed cone did its job giving the
shivering slave his first taste of what total surrender of his sexuality to
Mistress Lotta was to mean.

He reached out and tentatively knocked on the door.  "Enter, slave!"  Came the
authorative call from within, followed by, "Be sure that you come into my
presence as a slave should, little piglet."  The slave reached up and opened the
door with a trembling hand.  He shuffled into the room on his knees, being sure
to keep his head bowed, and his eyes downcast, in subservience.  Once he was
inside the room Mistress Lotta ordered him to crawl over, and on to a slave mat
positioned before the chair in which she was seated.  The male slave obeyed,
being able to see the mat despite his bowed head.  He crawled over, and remained
on the mat on all fours, with his head still bowed in deference to his Domatrix. 
His heart fluttered with a tiny surge of servile pleasure when his eyes saw her
feet, shod in black patent leather pumps with seven inch stiletto heels, and her
ankles encased in smoky black hose.

"Little piglet, you may kneel up and feast your unworthy eyes on the body of
your queen."  Mistress Lotta commanded.  The young man's cheeks flushed scarlet
with shame at his demeaning appearance, but his pulse raced with joy at finally
being able to see his Mistress.  He raised his body up, spreading his knees
further apart as he did, and finally raised his head to gaze at her.  The new
slave's heart almost burst with rapture at the sight before his kneeling nudity. 
He had never seen a woman so awesome in his young life.  She was dressed in a
mauve peignoir, open down the front.  Her legs were encased in black stockings
held up by a scarlet, satin garter belt.  Her massive breasts were enveloped in
a brassier of the same material.  Her long legs were crossed and she wore a pair
of skimpy panties, a G string really, but as her long legs were crossed he was
unable to see her mound.

The young slave's eyes literally radiated love and adoration as his gaze swept
from the regal Domatrix's stunningly beautiful, heavily made-up, face, framed
alluringly by almost white wavy, blonde hair, down to her enormous breasts
sexily bulging in their scarlet bra cups, revealing a deep and erotic cleavage. 
His eyes swept further down over her well fleshed belly to her meaty, but
gorgeously shaped thighs, crossed as they were, and long shapely legs.  Even
though she was seated he could see that her bottom cheeks were also massive and
beautifully shaped.  The slave's mouth gaped in wonderment at the sensuous
beauty of his Mistress.  She smiled down at him, noting the look of consummate
happiness, tinged with absolute adoration shining in his wide eyes.

Mistress Lotta sighed contentedly, for like most truly voluptuous women, she
knew that her stunning pultritude was generally overbearing to most people, even
slaves, to the extent that they could not properly appreciate her, for they were
always aware that she was the stuff of phantasies, not reality. However, from
the emotions so easily read in the slave kneeling before her, she knew that she
was going to experience, not only devotion and submission from him, but also
true love and affection. Mistress Lotta knew from experience, or more to the
point, lack of it, that slaves who not only submitted, but also loved their
dominators were always the best performed and most devoted.  She continued to
smile down at the flushed slave and asked seductively, "Do you like what you
see, little piglet?"

The flustered slave stuttered and spluttered, almost incapable of speech, such
was his complete state of euphoric exhilaration.  After his first abortive
attempt to reply he took a deep breath to steady his palpitating nerves and
cried out in a voice that clearly betrayed his highly charged emotions,
"Mistress Lotta, my heart will burst with love for you every instant of the rest
of my life.  Mistress Lotta, I will adore and worship you with every fibre of my
being until the day I die.  Mistress Lotta, I will submit and surrender to your
every whim and desire, refusing you nothing, and with no regard to my own
worthless existence for as long as I live.  Having been permitted to gaze upon
your beauty, Mistress Lotta, I am amazed that you have chosen a lowly pig like
me to be your personal slave.  I yearn to serve you, Mistress Lotta, and will
strive to my utmost to please you in every way."  The slave's body was visibly
shaking with passion, but a small frown of consternation flashed across his
smooth brow, and he cried out in anguish, "I am frightened, ravishing Mistress
Lotta, I am filled with unthinkable terror that I am unworthy of submitting to
you, a living Goddess, and that I will disappoint you and disgrace you.  I beg
you, Mistress Lotta, do not judge me too harshly too early for I swear that I
will strive to reduce myself to a most perfectly submissive slave for you."

The magnificent woman reached out and petted her chattel's head as if he were
some animal she had taken a fancy to, and told him she expected no less of him,
but banishment would always be a sword held over his neck should he fail her. 
To ease his dread she said, with a smile, that she believed that he would try to
please her in every way and she was sure that he would not fail through want of
effort. The slave shuddered with happiness that she was going to allow him to
prove his worthiness and made a silent vow to himself that his endeavours would
never flag.

"Now to some mundane matters, piglet."  Mistress Lotta continued in a more
business like voice.  "I am going to question you concerning your past, your
sexual experience, and more importantly, your phobias.  Remember, I will know
instantly if you lie, and you know what that will mean, don't you?" "Yes,
Mistress Lotta, the kneeling slave breathed, and then she began.  "Firstly, are
you a virgin?" "Yes, Mistress Lotta."  The slave blushed.  "Have you ever been
with a man?"  "No, Mistress Lotta." "Have you ever fantasised about being with a
man?"  She led.  "No, Mistress Lotta."  He replied without hesitation.  "How
often have you normally jerked your little worm off?"  The slave's cheeks heated
with shame, "Once, sometimes twice a day, Mistress Lotta."  "And what did you
normally dream of while you pulled it off, piglet?"  She asked with a smile,
suspecting that she already knew the answer to this one.  "I dreamt of being a
slave, Mistress Lotta."  He dutifully replied.

"Good.  That takes care of sexuality."  She said.  "Did you leave any loose ends
before coming to me, piglet."  She asked.  "I owed my odious landlord a weeks
rent, Mistress Lotta, apart from that nothing else."  Her slave replied.  "We
can't have that."  Mistress Lotta stated sternly, and asked the slave for the
address of his boarding house.  He worried for an instant at the smirk on her
lips when she questioned him on this aspect, but soon forgot about it as the
questioning continued.  Mistress Lotta asked him about everything he had
experienced in his life up to the moment he entered her service.  He didn't
understand the need for it, but answered each question to the best of his
ability, including the fact that his most feared phobia was to engage in
homosexual activity where the male was not a slave himself.

As soon as Mistress Lotta was satisfied that she knew all there was to know
about her new slave she began to introduce him to his new life.  She started
with the room they were in which served as her office.  She told him to look
around and to ask her if he didn't understand the purposes of some of the
furniture in the room.  There were two chairs, the one she was seated in which
was similar to a normal, armless office chair.  One next to it had no bottom to
it, but had a detachable velvet strap crossing its centre from rear to front. 
The slave looked at it with puzzlement for a few seconds and then blushed
crimson when he suddenly realised its purpose.  Mistress Lotta smiled broadly
when she saw this, thinking to herself that this piglet was going to be just
perfect.

Across to one side stood a masseur's table with a slight modification.  At one
end there was a large opening in the velour covered bench top.  It didn't take
the slave's imagination long to perceive what this was for, and he experienced a
surge of delight as he anticipated its use.  There was a computer, small desk,
bookcase and TV and video in the room as well.  When the slave's eyes were once
again fixed on his Mistress she opened a drawer in the desk and withdrew two
sets of leather cuffs and four small padlocks.  "Put these on, little piglet." 
She ordered the kneeling slave, and threw them down to him.

While the slave was engaged in locking the leather cuffs onto his ankles and
wrists Mistress Lotta explained to him that they would remain on him at all
times, only to be removed when he bathed and shaved his body.  He noticed that
each cuff was equipped with a tiny metal clip which would obviously allow them
to be attached to each other, as well as any other items that could accept the
clips.  As soon as he had completed cuffing his limbs Mistress Lotta stood up to
her full six feet.  The slave was again filled with awe at her ravishing
voluptuousness, and thrilled with excitement at his first sight of her generous
and shapely bottom, its mighty cheeks alluringly split with the crimson cord of
her G string, as well as the pronounced mound of her sex, which stretched its
erotic satin covering with sensuous promise.

She reached down over the kneeling slave and took each of his wrists in turn,
bent the arm, awkwardly back behind his back, and fastened the clips on his
cuffs to rings on the rear of his collar, thus rendering his arms useless.  She
helped him to his feet, laughing as he tottered on his high heels, but
never-the-less, informing him that he had better soon learn to rise, un-aided,
when his hands were shackled.  She then told him that they were going to inspect
the rest of the residence, and his domestic duties would be explained to him.

The kitchen and laundry, both possessing every modern convenience imaginable,
came first and the slave was told that he would cook all meals, launder all
clothing and clean each room meticulously each day.  The two then moved on to
the lounge area, plushly furnished and beautifully appointed and he was
instructed as to the upkeep of the room.  They then moved on to Mistress Lotta's
plushly appointed boudoir.  One wall was made up completely of built in
wardrobes, one wall was entirely mirrored, as was the ceiling above her
absolutely huge bed with its silken sheets.  A sort of Japanese sleeping mat lay
on the floor at the base of the bed and a ten foot, small linked chain was
attached to the bed's heavy base.  The slave did not have to be told that this
was where he would sleep.

They went through a door next to the wardrobes and he found himself in Mistress
Lotta's magnificent bathroom with its deep, roman styled bath, shower cubicle
and toilet with slave mat before it.  A small dressing room backed on to the
wardrobes and was equipped with a vanity table and floor to ceiling mirrors on
three sides.  Mistress Lotta took care to explain the slave's duties in this
area to him.  They will also be explained to the reader when we go through a
typical day in the slave's life in some detail a little further on.  They then
moved back into the foyer.  Mistress Lotta opened a coat cupboard and showed her
new slave a neck to ankle coat hanging in it.  She explained to him that when he
answered her door to visitors he was to put the coat on if it was obvious from
viewing the visitor through the spy hole that she or he was not known to them,
before answering the door.  She took pains to inform the young slave that this
was not to protect him from embarrassment, but to protect her from potentially
unwanted attention from strangers who may damage her reputation in the building. 
To acquaint himself of all her usual visitors she later gave the slave a photo
album to study, so he would easily recognise them, and thus be able to greet
them in his slave costume when greeting them when they came to visit.

The two then moved back into the office and the slave was ordered back to his
knees on the mat with his head bowed.  Mistress Lotta moved around behind him
for a moment and he heard a slight rustling sound, and then the sound of a
drawer opening and closing.  He watched as Mistress Lotta place a highly
polished black boot, with an impossibly high heel, on the mat next to him and
then sit back down on her chair.  This time she did not cross her legs, but
rather spread them wide.  The slave was jolted back to reality by Mistress
Lotta's voice, "From this moment on, little piglet, you are in my service.  You
will not, with the exception of the sexual supplications explained to you during
the interview, and greetings to visitors, speak unless spoken to, or commanded
to as part of your duties. From this moment on you will keep your eyes fixed
below the level of my knees unless I command otherwise, or you are engaged in
serving me in a way that requires the raising of your level of sight. Is that
clear?"  "Yes, Mistress Lotta."  The slave answered excitedly exhilarated by the
thought that his life long slavery had just begun.

"You may raise you eyes, piglet."  Mistress Lotta said, her voice betraying her
passion.  The kneeling slave slowly raised his head until he was able to stare
in awe between his Mistress's spread thighs.  The servile slave almost swooned
in ecstasy while his wide eyes took in the sight before him.  The forrest of
blonde hair, the long, plump lips that could not be hidden by the profusion of
hair, the slightly drooping inner lips, already showing signs of moisture, and
the prominent bulge of the semi-aroused clitoris, its burgeoning tip already
peeping alluringly from the loose skin that protected it.  Wild thoughts rushed
through him.  This was the most beautiful pussy imaginable, nothing had prepared
him for its magnificence.  His heart almost burst with submissive pride that his
lips and tongue had been chosen to worship it, to adore it, and would be
permitted to attend to its sensual needs.  What feelings of immaculate rapture
he was to be allowed to experience with his face buried between those marvellous
warm thighs while he was able to taste its luscious flavours, inhale its superb
fragrance, and, ecstatically, to drink the scrumptious juices it was going to
reward his fawning mouth with.  He longed to spend his whole existence in
worship and adoring service to the stunning sex flesh of his voluptuous Mistress
with all his being.

All of these thoughts rushing through the trembling slave's fevered mind took
only a few seconds. With a rush of adrenalin coursing through his veins he
remembered his duty.  He cried out his supplication in complete happiness and
joy, "Darling Mistress Lotta, may your piglet have the unrivalled privilege of
being permitted to use his lips and tongue to worship, adore, and pleasure your
glorious vulva, succulent vagina and wonderful, mouth-watering clitoris.  Please
precious Mistress Lotta, your piglet begs and pleads with all his bursting
heart."  Mistress lotta peered down at her pleading slave's upturned face while
he spoke.  Her own passionate senses were further gladdened when she saw the
depths of love and adoration shining in his wide glistening eyes.  She thought
to herself, with a sense of amazement, that he was close to weeping with joy. 
She knew instinctively from that moment on that he was going to prove perfect
once she had trained him to her desires.

She spoke again, "Piglet, I am going to review the editing of my latest video
production.  This is going to take my two to three hours.  You are to service my
pussy, without let-up for the entire time.  If you please me, and are unflagging
in your efforts, then I may grant you a little reward at the end.  Now, piglet,
get to work."  The joyful slave shuffled forward, his hands still shackled
behind his back, and attached to his slave collar.  He leant forward and flushed
with delight when the rich, powerful aroma of Mistress Lotta's moist steamy
pussy overwhelmed his sense of smell.  His blood boiled with lust, his trapped,
captive, penis ached with the need to stiffen in response, but, of course, was
frustratingly denied this by its bondage, his anus clenched savagely around the
small dildo buried in it, while he breathed deeply the fragrance of sex that her
gorgeous pussy exuded.

The elated slave, flushed with pleasure, then tenderly kissed the soft warm lips
of his Mistress's lovely vulva, up and down their full length, over and over
while he mentally prepared himself for the ultimate experience of actually
tasting her.  His skin tingled all over, his contorted penis struggled vainly
against its constricting prison, and his bare, bulging testicles began to dully
ache with need, as he finally slipped his hot, wet, tongue from his mouth and
gently traced the drooping, inner lips of Mistress Lotta's pussy with its tip. 
As the servile male continued to tease the loose inner lips with his adoring
tongue he was ecstatic to see that her plump outer lips swelled and separated as
her arousal grew, and her extraordinary clitoris inched its way, slowly from its
protective sheath.  He heard the sounds of the tape in the background while he
worked on the reason for his birth and life, the pussy of his Domatrix. Although
he could not see the TV, it was obvious from the sound track that the video had
an S&M theme, and he shivered with dread at the sounds of whipping, and the
squeals of pain that accompanied it.

With his brain buzzing with bliss and humility the young slave plunged his long
agile tongue deeply into the velvety hole of his Domatrix's spasming pussy.  His
taste buds were drenched with the tart flavours of her abundant juices while he
wriggled the buried lingual organ around in her hot, dripping depths. The elated
slave savoured the piquant flavours with true relish, and began to tongue the
silky walls of her pulsing vagina with all his concentration and devotion. 
Above his eyes he could see her clitoris, now fully erect and shining with
juice.  It stood, proudly throbbing at the apex of her sex split.  Two inches of
the thick bud jutted out from her trench and its scarlet meat glistened
erotically, and seemed to beckon to him to taste its delicious rigidity.

With a deep sigh of delight the slave withdrew his tongue from the clasping hole
of Mistress Lotta's dripping vagina, slurped it along her swampy split and then
began to tease her throbbing clitoris from base to tingling tip with it. 
Mistress Lotta's breathing began to quicken, and her heated thighs to grip his
head a little more firmly while her slave's tantalising tongue beat an exquisite
tattoo on her pounding clitoral bud.  After a while the submissive man engulfed
the throbbing organ deep into his hot mouth and suckled on it like a starving
baby at his mother's teat.  The Domatrix's bottom began to writhe in her seat,
and her hips began to pump wildly as her climax rushed towards her.  When it
exploded around her, her bottom left the seat altogether, and her full meaty
thighs gripped the slave's head with such power that all sound was cut off from
him.  Her convulsing, pleasure soaked pussy erupted like a volcano against her
piglet's face.  It gushed its tart juices into his stretched open mouth in a
never ending flow.  Her clitoris spasmed uncontrollable in his gaping mouth and
her tangy cream flowed over his wriggling tongue and down his joyfully gaping
throat.

As soon as her wild contractions began to slow Mistress Lotta allowed her bottom
to settle back down into the chair again, and her thighs to relax their powerful
grip on the slave's flushed head.  The slave gulped in air to his burning lungs
with his face still crushed up against her dripping swamp.  As soon as he was
able, he began the delightful task of slurping up all the remaining creams of
her climax.  He lapped the piquant juices up with relish, tonguing her now slack
hole as deeply as he was able in his quest to consume as much of her luscious
sex essence as possible.  Once he was satisfied that he had gulped it all down,
he settled down to begin his teasing adoration all over again.  While his avid
tongue worked tirelessly to arouse his darling Mistress once again he came to a
new realisation.  He now knew why Mistress Lotta had decreed that his penis
would never enter her pussy.  It became totally clear to the grovelling slave
that a pussy so divine as the one he was so fervently worshipping could never
debase itself by permitting the worm of a mere slave entrance to its paradise. 
He worked with a diligence that he did not know that he possessed over the
following two to three hours.  His adoring, and utterly subservient mouth
received the issue of six more orgasms in that time.  Each new climax was more
exciting to the slave, not just because it gave him yet another opportunity to
slurp down another feast of her luscious juices, but because it meant that he
was pleasing her, and that was all he lived for.

When it became apparent that the video was over Mistress Lotta commanded in a
voice that betrayed her growing exhaustion, "Clean my pussy up, little piglet,
and then replace my panties."  While her slave dutifully tongued her pussy clean
of the residue of her multiple orgasms, ensuring that her cluster of pubic hair
was well washed as well, she reached down and unclipped his wrists from his
collar. When he was finished, and leant back from his delightful duty, his lips
were almost numb and his tongue ached from its constant toil.  He retrieved
Mistress Lotta's minuscule G string from where she had dropped it on the floor
and carefully worked the sensuous garment up her long legs.  He experienced an
acute sense of loss, and almost sobbed audibly when her ravishing sex was
covered with the tiny patch of scarlet satin.  When he was finished he leant
forward and reverently kissed the covered mound and then returned to his
position on the slave mat before her, his eyes fixed on her erotically shod
feet.

Mistress Lotta beamed down at her chattel.  "Oh, Yes!"  She thought.  "This
little piglet is going to be just perfect.  His tongue requires some extensive
training, but, for a first time, his performance was quite excellent."  She was
not, of course, going to tell him that, for she knew that it was not wise to
praise a slave, especially so early in his service.  She was pleased, however,
and was anxious to reward him for his endeavour, as much for her satisfaction at
seeing him humiliate himself for her, as for his pleasure.  She informed the
kneeling slave that his efforts were barely satisfactory, and that he had a lot
to learn about the art of pleasing a woman's pussy.  While she spoke she watched
him tremble with sadness that he had not fully fulfilled his Mistress's
expectations, then she lifted his spirits once again,explaining to him that he
had potential, and if he studied the art of pleasuring pussy diligently, he
would soon gain the expertise she insisted on in her slaves.  She then handed
him a tiny key and ordered him to remove his penis cone.

The young slave glowed with anticipation while he unlocked the tiny lock at the
base of the cone and then unscrewed it from its socket.  He whimpered slightly
when he worked the scarlet tube's opening over the head of his penis, before
placing the bondage garment on the floor next to him.  His long thick penis
drooped down between his thighs in a state of semi arousal while he waited on
his Mistress's pleasure.  "See that shoe next to you, little piglet?"  She
asked.  "Yes, Mistress Lotta."  The slave whispered in reply.  "It's pretty,
isn't it, piglet?"  "Yes, Mistress Lotta."  "All you have to know about it is
that it has been worn by my foot in the past, piglet."  Mistress Lotta
continued.  "From this point on, whenever I favour you by allowing you to jerk
off your worm, no matter where we are, or in whose company we may be, you will
retrieve this shoe, place it before you, and kiss it devotedly. Then, when your
worm gushes you will deposit its scum on this shoe.  When your worm has emptied
itself you will then clean your drool from it and polish it, both with your
tongue."

The kneeling slave, blushing with shame, listened attentively while his Domina
continued, "Never, never, never, ever are you to allow your worm , your scum
bags, or, most importantly, you worm refuse to touch my person.  For you to do
so, even inadvertently, will result in your instant banishment, along with all
the other penalties I informed you of during our interview.  Further, although
some other Mistresses, or even Masters, may touch or handle your worm and scum
bags you may rest assured that I never will.  I have never, and will never
demean myself by handling the sex meat of a mere slave.  Is all this perfectly
clear to you, piglet?"  She asked.  "Yes, Mistress Lotta.  I beg that you have
my worm and scum bags cut off should they ever defile your glorious body with
their touch!"

"Very good, little piglet."  Mistress Lotta rejoined, causing the slave to flush
with servile pleasure. "Now, to get back to the subject at hand.  When I allow
you to pull your worm off you are to stare fixedly at the shoe, worshipping it
for the Goddess-like properties it has for, remember, that my foot has worn it. 
You are to dream of pleasures you will never experience, like spilling your
dregs over my toes and then licking them clean.  Except for those rare occasions
where I wish you to perform with other slaves, either for my entertainment, for
my profit, or at the behest of other dominators I allow you to serve on my
behalf, your worm will never be permitted to deposit its scum anywhere, except
on that shoe, and even when you are performing with other slaves, the shoe must
be in your sight before your worm may spit.  In short, piglet, you will never,
ever again release your worm offal, unless you are staring in absolute adoration
at the shoe that once encased my foot.  While the scum flows from your worm onto
the shoe you will fervently express your sorrow at so defiling its glorious,
surface and beg its forgiveness with all your heart.  In the fullness of time, I
expect that your worm, if it is freed from its captivity, will remain lank and
limp until you are permitted to adore the shoe.  Once you are allowed to see and
worship the shoe, your worm shall display your devotion by immediately
stiffening. You will need to show absolute care in maintaining the shoe after I
have permitted you to worship it, for, should it ever deteriorate through your
carelessness, that will herald the last time I ever permit your worm to release
its scum.  Is that clear, piglet?"

The flushed slave gasped, "Yes, Mistress Lotta.  I shall worship and adore the
shoe with all my heart. My worm is not worthy of spilling its scum over such a
beautiful thing as a shoe that has been fitted on your marvellous foot.  I am
hopelessly in your debt for allowing me to experience such rewards and will love
you forever for your benevolent generosity, darling Mistress Lotta."  "You may
now place the shoe in position, piglet, and show me how well you have learnt
what I have just said, for I now wish to see you jerk off your little worm."

The slave flushed with shame.  He reached out and reverently took the shoe in
his hands and placed it before his kneeling nudity.  The shoe was one of those
normally favoured by street walking prostitutes. It was made of black patent
leather with stiletto heel, a sort of a mini boot that would reach up to the
ankle of its wearer.  The slave leant forward and devotedly kissed the shiny
leather of the toe of the boot.  He straightened up again and his penis, stiff
and throbbing arched out from his smoothly shaven groin.  He stared fixedly at
the shoe, with devotion of almost religious fervour.  He grasped the stem of his
achingly erect penis and slowly began to stroke it.  The Mistress smiled down at
her shivering slave with satisfied contentment.  She watched his hand sliding up
and down his penis with pride.  She could hardly wait to show him off to her
friends.  Oh how they were going to envy her owning such a servile piglet.  She
knew of no other slave in her wide circle of acquaintances who would submit
himself to such depths of humiliation and degradation, and yet so obviously love
and adore the person who had reduced him to such debasement.

She watched as his hand sped up, and his excitement grew, thinking to herself
that she would even forgive him, just this one time, if he, in the lust and
excitement of his first masturbation in her presence, happened to spill some of
his cream on the floor instead of the shoe.  This thought had also occurred to
the trembling slave as well, and he had resolved that it would not happen.  His
mind was filled with pictures of Mistress Lotta's pretty foot slipping into the
shoe, of her removing it again and wriggling her beautiful toes under his
spluttering penis, daring him to soil her.  His breathing became ragged with
excitement as his passion grew.  His thighs began to twitch and quiver and he
knew that climax was imminent.  The slave bent slightly forward and slipped his
fingers up his spasming pole until he was able to press them to the tube behind
the head of his penis.  He shuddered with pleasure as he began to come.  His
fingers controlled the flow of his pungent cream as it spewed out onto the shoe,
covering the soft leather with huge gobs of aromatic semen.  The slave had
thought that the need to control his spurting penis would have lessened the
pleasure of his orgasm but, to his surprise, not only did it enhance his
ecstasy, but also caused it to last considerably longer. 

He shuddered with pleasure while he watched his crimson painted penis head expel
huge wads of his juice.  One hand held the head in place over the shoe while the
other squeezed his stem making sure that all of his cream was expelled and
vigorously squeezed out every last dreg.  All the time his penis gushed the red
faced slave cried out, "Oh, glorious shoe that has known the presence of sweet
Mistress Lotta's beautiful foot, I beg you to forgive me, her devoted piglet,
for contaminating your luxurious leather with the scum from my spewing worm.  My
heart is bursting with sorrow at so foully defiling your brilliance with worm
scum and I beg your mercy.  I will love and worship you forever, shoe for whom I
exist to adore with all my being."  As soon as he was finishes, and his penis
had softened, the slave bent low and lapped up the hot sticky cum that his penis
had covered the top of the shoe with. His tongue worked tirelessly and his taste
buds were flooded with the rich musky flavour of his semen. He glowed with a
mixture of pride and shame while he ate his own testicle juices, knowing that
his Mistress was watching him submit to this shameful act, and that it was
giving her as much pleasure as it was him, feeling of total degradation.

Once the shoe's leather again shone, cleansed of his issue, the young slave
ceased to administer to it with his servile tongue.  Mistress Lotta commanded
him to replace his penis bondage which he did, stuffing his now soft penis into
its tight confines and working its head back through the opening at its apex. 
His make-up was smeared by his orgasm and he couldn't wait to be able to repair
it, for he wished to be perfect for his Mistress.  She then banished him to the
kitchen to prepare the evening meal.

A typical day in the life of the slave began quite early in the morning.  A
physical alarm would wake him at six in the morning.  He would silently detach
his slave collar from the chain binding him to the base of Mistress lotta's bed,
and quietly slip out of the room, go to the kitchen and prepare breakfast. At
precisely seven, unless she had informed him otherwise, he would re-enter the
plush bedroom and gently wake his Mistress by uncovering, and kissing her
stocking clad toes. Mistress Lotta always slept in erotic lingerie.  She adored
the feel of sensual clothing on her skin.  Once she was awake he would accompany
her to the bathroom and, from his kneeling position, gently remove her panties. 
She would then seat herself on the toilet and relieve herself.  While Mistress
Lotta was thus engaged the male slave would run her bath for her, taking care
that the water temperature was perfect.

As soon as this was done he would return to her at the toilet.  She would stand
up, bend over, and present her voluptuous bottom to the slave.  He would then
delicately cleans her anal ring with toilet tissues for her.  When he finished
he would then carefully lap any drops of urine from her pubic hair and pussy
lips with a diligent and gentle tongue.  Mistress lotta would then move to her
bath and the slave would complete her undressing and she would step into her
bath.  The slave would then wash her body with care and devotion, and shampoo
her hair if this were required.  Once she stepped out of the bath he would dry
her superb body off with soft heated towels and she would walk into her dressing
room.

Her devoted slave would then dress his Mistress in a fresh set of stockings,
garter belt, bra, and panties.  Before sliding up the panties he always
demonstrated his total devotion, and submission to her by reverently kissing her
spicy anal ring and gently drooping vulva lips.  Then he attended to the making
up of her beautiful face.  If she planned to go out that day he would cloth her
body in her chosen garments, otherwise she remained in her erotic lingerie. 
Mistress Lotta would then be served her breakfast.  While she ate the slave
would remove his costume, including his chastity, shower and shave his body, put
on a fresh slave costume and lock his chastity back on.  Mistress lotta would go
to her office if she were staying in and the slave would attend to the
housework.

While he worked he prayed for the sound of Mistress Lotta's tiny bell to summon
him to her presence. When this happened he would rush to the office, fall to his
knees, and knock.  When permitted to enter he would crawl into the room with his
head bowed and take up his position on his slave mat.  "Look up, little piglet." 
Mistress Lotta would command.  Sometimes he would be greeted with her spread
thighs and marvellous pussy, sometimes by her breasts, gloriously nude, hanging
from the opening in the massage bench, and other times with her large smooth
bottom cheeks protruding below the chair, with the velvet strap fixed between
the, or with it hanging loose.  Whichever sight met his adoring eyes he would
immediately make the required supplication, "Darling Mistress Lotta, may your
piglet have the unrivalled privilege of being permitted to use his lips and
tongue to worship, adore, and pleasure your glorious vulva, succulent vagina and
wonderful, mouth-watering clitoris.  Please precious Mistress Lotta, your piglet
begs and pleads with all his bursting heart." Or, "Darling Mistress Lotta, may
piglet worship, adore, and pleasure your beautiful, exquisite bottom and
ravishingly luscious anus and rectum with his lips and tongue.  Please, please,
sweet Mistress Lotta, piglet implores you to permit him to serve you in this
most cherished manner with all his slavish being."  Or, "Darling Mistress Lotta,
piglet begs you from the depths of his servile soul, permit his adoring lips and
tongue to worship and give pleasure to your marvellous, magnificent breasts and
their glorious succulent nipples."

Then the slave would spend hour after hour serving whichever part of her anatomy
Mistress Lotta had presented.  He loved these sessions with all his heart.  He
was in heaven if he was under the massage table and was kissing Mistress Lotta's
massive breasts all over and suckling her stiff nipples with his adoring lips
and tongue.  He was in  a state of rapturous bliss, when he was allowed to kiss
the skin of her smooth buttocks and to lick the mighty mounds all over, and was
filled with immaculate elation if the velvet flap was loose and he was permitted
to kiss and tongue the tight ring of her anus for hour after hour.  But his joy
and happiness was never so complete as when his face was being crushed between
her meaty thighs and her stunningly beautiful, steaming pussy was gushing into
his idolising mouth, and her luscious sex juices were streaming down his
ecstatically gulping throat.

When he was not busy with housework or meal preparation, or serving his
Mistress, the slave spent hours studying texts devoted to methods of pleasuring
women orally, and practicing the techniques on a life sized replica of Mistress
Lotta which had been manufactured expressly for this purpose.  The tomes he
studied so assiduously bore titles such as: "The Tongue and the Clitoris"  an
instruction manual for visiting the most exquisite pleasure to a woman's
clitoris.  Or "Advanced Methods of Tonguing Vagina", or "A Guide to Nipple
Sucking."  and "Anal Rimming Techniques for Slaves"  The slave learnt these
texts, and others like them, by heart over time, and was constantly searching
for new and more sensual ways to give his Mistress pleasures with his
increasingly talented lips and skilled tongue.

In the evenings, if Mistress Lotta was entertaining, the slave would serve the
group in any way commanded.  If they went out the same would apply.  If they
were having a quiet night at home, then the evenings would not differ much from
the days.  When it was time to go to bed Mistress lotta would have the slave
undress her if this were required.  Often she would have him suck her to orgasm
before she slept.  Once she was asleep the slave would connect his chain to his
collar, set his alarm, and sleep on the mat at the base of her bed.  Mistress
Lotta did not subject her slave to humiliation in the presence of others until
he had been with her for a month.  This was not, as you may think, because she
did not wish too, but rather so that she could subject him to rigorous training,
and especially mental preparation form the trials to come, for she did not wish
to have him disgrace himself, and therefore embarrass her, before either her
peers or other slaves. 




Chapter 5 - Servitude with Company

This chapter is devoted to the submission of Mistress Lotta's slave when they
are in the company of others, at home.  It covers the initial test devised by
Mistress Lotta to test piglet's preparedness, without risking her undue
embarrassment, since the visitors were to be her intimate friends.  They would
be understanding if the slave proved insufficiently well trained at this early
stage of his servitude. This session would also prepare the slave for the more
extreme forms of public humiliation he would be subjected to in the future,
especially when they were out of the home.

The evening planned involved slave piglet in greeting the guests, serving
dinner, providing sexual services, and performing a masturbation display for
them.  There were to be three female guests involved, and after dinner they were
to play bridge, with slave piglet serving the dummy during each hand in any way
she chose.  Since Mistress Lotta had decided that they would play twenty hands,
slave piglet was in for a busy time indeed.  Mistress Lotta had requested that
her friends to co-operate in testing slave piglet by adding to his shame with
plenty of demeaning statements about him, and to ask many degrading questions he
would have to answer for them.  She wished him to be subjected to as much
mortification and debasement as possible, to gauge his progress as the slave she
demanded that he be.

The guests were scheduled to arrive between six and six thirty.  Slave piglet
was extremely excited, and yearned to please his owner by proving to be an
exemplary slave when exposed to her friends.  He dressed his Mistress carefully
and she went to wait for her guests in her living room.  Slave piglet then
attended to his own costume.  He showered, and carefully shaved his body so that
not one unsightly hair marred his skin's smooth surface.  He then made up his
face with pastel lipstick, subtle pink eye shadow and cheek blush.  He inspected
his face in the mirror and flushed when he realised that it made quite a
beautiful sight.

Slave piglet then selected a pretty pink satin garter belt which he enclosed his
slender waist with, and smoothed light pink, silk stockings up his long legs,
attaching their tops to his garters.  He then put on pink patent leather pumps
with six inch heels.  Lastly he donned his chastity belt, working his large
smooth testicles through the elastic sided hole, one at a time, and flushing at
the erotic sight they made, bulging out from the supple pink leather of the
narrow crotch strap.  he packed the soft tube of his well developed penis into
the pink leather cone, worked its thick, smooth head through the cone's hole,
and then locked it in place on the belt.  Finally he drew the belt strap though
his buttocks and sighed with pleasure as the quite substantially sized dildo
stretched his tight anal pout and slid easily into the depths of his hot rectum. 
He fixed the strap to the rear of the chastity belt and turned back to the
vanity table.

Slave piglet selected a bright pink lip gloss and, with consummate care, painted
his hard little nipples and the bulging head of his penis, protruding from the
apex of the cone trapping his penis.  He stood up and pirouetted before the
mirror, inspecting his bizarrely clad body to ensure that it was perfect.  He
flushed with pride at the erotic reflection that seemed to mock him and smiled
demurely.  Oh how he loved his humiliation, longed for it, yearned to display
it, and adored Mistress Lotta for subjecting him to it so deliciously.

While slave piglet revelled in his bizarrely erotic body he was woken from his
sensual daze by the muted sound of the door chime.  His heart fluttered with
awful anticipation, and his blood surged with adrenalin.  The moment had
arrived.  His expertise and devotion were about to receive their first real
test.  He drew a deep breath, steeling his resolve to make Mistress Lotta so
proud of him that her pleasure would show, thus filling his heart with joy.  He
rushed out of the bathroom, out of the bedroom, and down the passage to the
door.  He peeped through the spy hole and saw that it was Mistress Desire, a
four foot six vision of loveliness, although a neck to ankle cape hid most of
her charms as she stood patiently waiting.

He slipped to his knees and reached out, with a trembling hand, to open the
door.  As soon as it was open he spoke, voice tremulous but clear, "Welcome to
Mistress Lotta's home, Mistress Desire"  The petite domatrix looked down at the
kneeling slave with a smile as she unclasped her cloak.  "And who might you be?" 
She asked, slipping the coat from her shoulders and handing it down to him.  "I
am Mistress Lotta's personal slave, piglet, Mistress Desire."  Slave piglet
replied, his flushed cheeks burning with shame.  He hung the cloak, catching a
glimpse of the vision of beauty standing next to him.

As Mentioned before, the domatrix is small to the point of being tiny.  This
does not mean, however, that she is not an extremely sensuous woman of great
beauty, she is.  She was dressed in a pale purple erotic lingerie ensemble.  A
skimpy satin halter top strained to contain the mounds of her lovely breasts, in
fact, showing most of the creamy skinned orbs off.  Her waist cincher and hose
were of satin and silk and enhanced the beauty of her tiny waist and shapely
legs.  Her shoes were highly polished purple leather with stiletto heels and her
sex was barely contained by a satin G string.  The whole picture caused the
kneeling slave's heart to beat wildly, and his trapped penis stem to ache to
become stiff, which of course his chastity belt prevented it from doing.

"Has your Mistress taught you how to greet a visitor appropriately little
piglet?"  Mistress Desire asked as slave piglet returned, being sure to keep his
eyes firmly caste below her waist.  "Oh, yes, Mistress Desire!"  The slave
cried.  "Then do so now, slave."  She rejoined.  The slave crawled around behind
her and kissed each of her pencil thin heels.  He then rose to his knees and
tenderly kissed each of the firm round cheeks of her magnificent bare bottom. 
Slave piglet them crawled back around so that he was facing her, and bent to
kiss the toes of her pumps, and finally he raised his head and placed a soft
kiss on the satin patch that covered her fragrant pussy.  Once he was finished
he dropped back to hands and knees and the small domatrix sat on his back so he
could carry her to Mistress Lotta.

Slave piglet crawled down the passage while Mistress Desire casually petted his
mincing bottom, and gently knocked when they reached the living room door.  When
bad enter by his Mistress he reached up, opened the door, and carried his lovely
burden in.  He crawled to a lounge and she rose from his back and settled into
the comfortable chair.  Slave piglet crawled to his slave mat and prostrated
himself before the chatting Mistresses, his forehead pressed to the floor, and
his smooth buttocks raised high. The two women completely ignored his presence
while they discussed training methods for slaves.  It appeared that Mistress
Desire owned her own permanent slave, named pussy.

After about ten minutes the door bell chimed once again and slave piglet crawled
off to answer it.  This time a tall mistress whom he knew as Mistress Belinda,
had arrived.  He greeted her in the same fashion as he had Mistress Desire, and
carried her to the lounge.  Mistress Belinda was six feet tall and slender.  She
was dressed in similar fashion to her sisters, but in black satin and silk.  As
soon as slave piglet had seen her comfortably seated the chimes sounded for the
last time.  He crawled off and soon re-appeared, panting slightly under the
weight of the voluptuous Mistress Viola.  Mistress Viola was a jet black negress
with a build similar to his Mistress Lotta, although her breasts were not quite
as large. She was dressed in pure white satin and silk which contrasted
erotically with her smooth ebony skin.

Once all the Mistresses were comfortably seated Mistress Lotta ordered her slave
to prepare for their dinner.  He crawled from the plush lounge room, rose to his
feet and entered the dining room.  The table had already been laid out and the
slave placed plates with the first course at each setting, making sure that all
utensils were perfectly placed.  The meal had been prepared by slave piglet
earlier in the afternoon and he was proud of the culinary delights he had
produced.  As soon as he was satisfied that everything was impeccable he crawled
bach to the ladies and announced that dinner was served.

The women moved off to the dining room and sat at the table.  The slave was
permitted to stand in their presence while they ate so that he could serve wine,
clear dishes, and bring on the courses as they were required.  When he was not
needed he stood, demurely, in the corner, with his head bowed in deference to
his superiors.  To his delight the ladies expressed highly complimentary words
as to the quality of their repast, and slave piglet literally glowed with pride
and pleasure.  When dinner was over the women moved back to the lounge to get
ready for cards.  Mistress Lotta ordered slave piglet to clear away the dinner
table and then to join them.

When the slave crawled into the lounge he saw that a bridge table had already
been set up with four seats around it.  These were Mistress Lotta's special
seats, ones with no base, merely a velvet covered circle that supported the
lower thighs, hips, and the top portions of the buttocks of the seated people.
He noted, with a surge of sensual delight, that each of the Mistresses had
removed her panties. Mistresses Desire and Viola had dense bushes of hair hiding
the lips of their pussies, but he was fascinated to see that Mistress Belinda
was shaved and he drooled at the sight of the long plump lips of her pussy
nestling sexily between her slender thighs.

Mistress Lotta announced the rules of the game and the players sat down to
begin.  Slave piglet knelt on a slave mat at the side of the room and waited to
be summoned.  Mistress Viola became the first dummy.  "How may I serve you,
Mistress Viola?"  Slave piglet asked, a tremor of lust barely detectable in his
voice.  "I want you to tease the ring of my anus with the tip of your tongue,
piglet.  If your performance is good I may allow you to tongue kiss the pout at
the end of the hand."  The slave crawled over behind the Mistress' chair, saying
as he moved into position for his delightful task, " Mistress Viola, I am
honoured to be permitted to taste your gorgeous anal pout.  I will serve it with
all the love and devotion it deserves.'

Slave piglet's heart pounded with humiliated desire while he raised his face
until it was poised below the negress' split bottom cheeks.  He breathed in the
musky aroma of her slightly moist skin elatedly, and his pulse surged when the
strong scent of her vagina wafted into his nostrils.  He dutifully poked out his
tongue and stiffened the long organ as much as he could.  His mouth watered,
even as feelings of submissive shame washed through him, while he stared at the
crinkled rosebud of the woman's alluring anus.  He delicately traced the knotted
muscle of the ring with the very tip of his pointed tongue, and was rewarded
with just a hint of its delicious flavour.  Slave piglet kept up his teasing
caresses, sweeping the tip of his tongue around and around the tight ring,
titillating its centre from time to time for variety, until it pulsed with
pleasure.

Slave piglet flushed with subservient pride when Mistress Viola sighed with
contentment and commented, "Your little slave certainly has potential, Lotta,
dear.  How well has he responded to training since you acquired him?"  Mistress
Lotta thanked her friend for her solicitude and informed her that piglet would
be giving a demonstration of his growing expertise at submission later, and that
she could then judge for herself.  When the hand was over Mistress Viola kept
her promise and said to the slave kneeling behind her and serving her anus so
devotedly, "You may have your small pleasure, little piglet, quickly now, the
cards are already being shuffled."  The overjoyed slave glued his lips to her
pleasure soaked anal pout and drilled his pointed tongue deeply into her
succulent rectum.  He sloshed his tongue around in the intimate hole and
thrilled to its spicy flavour.  After a minute or so the bidding for the second
hand was complete and slave piglet was forced, reluctantly, to leave Mistress
Viola.  She rewarded him by squeezing his tongue strongly with her anus as he
withdrew it from her rectum, silently telling him that she was as disappointed
as he at his service to her intimate hole was coming to an end.

The dummy during this second hand was the petite Mistress Desire.  She wished to
have the slave treat her clitoris in the same fashion as he had Mistress Viola's
anus.  Slave piglet, flushed with elation, said, "Mistress Desire, thank you for
allowing me to worship your gorgeous clitoris with the tip of my slave tongue. 
I promise to adore it with all my heart for your pleasure."  He crawled into
position beneath her chair and using only the tip of his tongue carefully parted
her abundance of pubic hair until the fleshy lips of her vulva were visible. 
His heart fluttered with happiness as he stared at the prominent ridge of her
clitoral bud peering alluring out at the apex of her woman lips, and he began to
delicately trace its bulging length with his tongue.  While he worked tirelessly
to please the cute domatrix the women talked and laughed to each other.  After a
few minutes Mistress Desire's clitoris had stiffened and swelled until its tip
had begun to peek out from its protective sheath.  Slave piglet teased the
shining tip with immaculate tenderness, brushing its growing length with the
very tip of his stiffened tongue.  Mistress Desire's full thighs began to
tremble, ample evidence that piglet's talented tongue was pleasing her, and this
brought a fresh glow of rapture to the submissive male.  All to soon the hand
was over.  The next dummy was Mistress Lotta.  She ordered the slave to worship
her urethra with the same devotion he had shown when serving the other
Mistresses.  Slave piglet's cheeks blushed prettily when she added that if he
were good she would bestow a small gift on his tongue when the hand was over.

He quickly positioned his nudity below her bottom cheeks and used his tongue to
softly part the lips of her pussy.  Then with the very tip of his talented
tongue he began to tease the little hole that gushed her golden nectar.  He
worried the pulsing opening incessantly, breathing in the luscious aroma of her
moist vulva with exhilaration.  Soon her meaty thighs were squirming around in
her bizarre seat, such was the enjoyment he was giving her.  When the hand was
over Mistress Lotta breathed out, "You've earned your reward, you clever little
vixen."  Slave piglet glowed with contented pride, and placed his tongue beneath
the tiny hole he had been worshipping so diligently and waited with baited
breath for the gift she was to bestow on him.  Her thighs tensed momentarily,
and then a few drops of her golden nectar escaped the hole and dripped onto the
joyful slave's ecstatic tongue.  He thrilled to the salty tang of the fluid as
it dribbled down his gulping throat.

"Enough, for now, little piglet."  Mistress Lotta said, and the slave cleaned
her little opening with his tongue before leaving her to savour the aftermath of
his little reward.  Finally, Mistress Belinda got to be dummy after seven hands. 
She was becoming quite agitated at the others having the slave arouse them while
she was frustrated.  She told the slave, "Piglet, I want the walls of my vagina
thoroughly washed with tongue.  As a reward for you while you work you may bury
your nose in my anus and sniff its aroma."  "Oh, Mistress Belinda.  I am
overjoyed that you would permit me to bury my tongue in your delicious vagina. 
I long to smell the delectable aroma of you luscious anus and can not thank you
enough for this precious gift."  The slave cried in delight at the erotic and
humiliating nature of his task.  He quickly moved to her seat, which she moved
out from the card table to ease his position. Slave piglet spread the lips of
her vulva with his tongue and then painstaking placed his tongue against the
silky wet opening of her vagina.  When he had managed to push his nose into her
tight anus, and was rewarded with her pungent rectal aroma, he thrust his tongue
deeply into her vaginal sleave.  The dutiful slave worked his agile tongue
around in the dripping passage with consummate vigour, tonguing the velvety
walls avidly, tasting the tart juices they surrendered with elation coursing
through him.  He lapped at her hole with single minded dedication throughout the
hand, breathing deeply through his nose and savouring the fragrant anus in which
he had buried it.

All to soon, for slave piglet, the hand was completed.  The slave was kept busy
through the rest of the hands.  Some of the Mistresses removed their bras so he
could worship their breasts and suckle their nipples for them, while others had
him concentrate on stimulating their pussies and anuses.  The last eight hands
involved him in sucking them to orgasm.  They somehow conspired to share the
dummy duties for these hands, and so he was required to suck each of them to two
climaxes.  He relished his task; he tongued vagina and tingling clitoris;
slurped up abundantly flowing pussy juices; diligently cleaned sated pussy for
the next two or so hours.  He was delighted with the rich flavour of the
negress, Mistress Viola who seemed to have a never ending supply of sumptuous
tangy pussy cream to feed him while he serviced her.  He thrilled to the sweet
taste of the delightful Mistress Desire, and was especially elated at the way
her silky pussy tunnel squeezed and massaged his deeply buried tongue when she
came.  He was excited and thrilled with Mistress Belinda's smooth pussy which
fed him its slick hot cream almost as soon as his mouth touched it.  But he was
most happy when his mouth was buried in his own Mistress Lotta's stunning pussy
and she flooded his joyful mouth with her piquant juices.  He could never get
enough of her and would spend the rest of his life drinking from her luscious
font if she allowed it.

After the game was over the domatrixes relaxed, content with their climaxes,
rested, sated and happy. Slave piglet's make-up had been ruined by his
activities, of course, and Mistress Lotta ordered him to go to the bedroom and
repair the damage.  As he crawled from the room she called after him, "You may
bring your shoe when you return, little piglet."  While slave piglet crawled
along to the bedroom his heart fluttering with happy anticipation, tinged with
feelings of growing humiliation and shame.  His Mistress was going to have him
masturbate his penis in front of others for the first time.  He was going to
have to declare his devotion to the divine shoe when others could hear for the
first time.  He knew that it would disgrace him terribly, but he also knew that
the extreme excitement he would experience would be delicious, and he couldn't
wait to debase himself for his Mistress, for he knew that seeing him do so would
give her supreme pleasure.

He rushed into the dressing room to repair his make-up and then, on his knees,
and with a reverence normally only seen in places of worship such as churches,
he approached the sacred shoe.  He prostrated himself before it, as he did
frequently each day, and whispered the supplication he was required to each time
he saw it in its shining splendour, "Oh, glorious shoe that has known the
presence of sweet Mistress Lotta's beautiful foot, I beg you to forgive me, her
devoted piglet, for contaminating your luxurious leather with the scum from my
spewing worm.  My heart is bursting with sorrow at so foully defiling your
brilliance with worm scum and I beg your mercy.  I will love and worship you
forever, shoe, whom I  adore with all my being."

With his supplication completed he reached up and took the supple leather shoe
in his hands, holding it as though it were the most precious icon in existence
which, of course, for him it was.  He shuffled from the room with the shoe held
reverently out before him and his attention fixed on it alone.  Instinct guided
him back to the lounge and, once back in the room, he moved to his slave mat
that lay in front of the lounge chairs in which the Mistresses were seated.  He
placed the shoe on the mat before him and bent his back so that he could
demonstrate his utter devotion to it, and waited for his owner's pleasure.

"What is that you have, little piglet?"  Mistress Belinda asked with a chuckle. 
"Beautiful Mistress Belinda,"  The kneeling, adoring slave replied, "This is the
sacred shoe that has known the foot of my divine Mistress, Lotta.  I adore it
with every fibre of my being, and pray to it constantly to make me a perfectly
submissive slave for my Mistress."  "Why have you brought it in here?"  The
statuesque black domatrix asked, already knowing the answer, but wishing to have
the pleasure of hearing the humiliated slave say it for her.  "Magnificent
Mistress Viola,"  slave piglet cried out in reply, "Mistress Lotta is going to
command me to jerk off my worm for you and the other Mistresses entertainment. 
My little worm is only permitted to spurt its ball scum when I am in the sight
of the sanctified shoe and able to adore and worship it as it deserves."

"But why have you placed it before you on your slave mat, piglet?"  Mistress
Desire inquired with a girlish giggle.  The slave, cheeks now flushing scarlet
with shame, stammered, "When Mistress Lotta kindly permits me to pull my puny
worm off I must direct its flow of scum onto the sacred shoe defiling its divine
surface, causing my heart to break for I adore it so and experience sensations
of utter shame and mortification at treating the holy object of my utter
devotion with such unforgivable disrespect.  Even while my puerile worm is
befouling its glorious veneer I must beg its forgiveness, and re-affirm my
absolute idolisation of it.  To atone for my utter disgrace I must clean the
worm scum from its heavenly surface with my totally servile tongue so that not
one speck of the trash remains to besmirch its sacred leather."

"But why do you need the shoe to spit your scum, piglet?"  Mistress Belinda
rejoined.  Slave piglet shivered with delicious degradation while he replied,
"Because, sweet Mistress Belinda, I am a low slave.  When my Mistress permits my
worm to squirt she does so for her pleasure, not mine.  The sacred shoe I adore
with all my heart ensures that my focus, as my worm gushes, is not on my
pleasure, but firmly rooted on my need to please my Mistress and to serve her
with every fibre of my existence."  When he had given his answer Mistress Lotta
tossed a tiny key onto his slave mat and commanded him to masturbate for their
entertainment.

Slave piglet carefully unlocked the pink leather cone that trapped the stem of
his penis, never averting his rapturous gaze from the object of his adoration,
the sacred shoe.  He unscrewed the cone and worked it off his penis.  Once the
penis was free it snapped to throbbing erection and arched erotically out from
his smooth crotch, its scarlet glossed head oozing with viscous pre-cum.  Before
the humiliated slave could begin his shameful masturbation Mistress Desire
started to speak, "That's a big worm you have, piglet, I'll bet Mistress Lotta
makes good use of it?"  "Oh, no, sweet Mistress Desire,"  the grovelling slave
gasped, "Mistress Lotta would never allow my slave worm to taint her glorious
body.  My worm will only ever invade the bodies of other slaves, and only then
if Mistress Lotta commands it to for the entertainment of her or other
Mistresses and Masters."

"It's getting late,"  Mistress Lotta noted, looking at an ornate clock on her
sideboard, "Begin, piglet, thirty stroke should do it!"  The slave grasped the
hot, hard, throbbing stem of his pulsating penis in his right hand, and cupped
his smooth, bulging testicles, still trapped by the chastity belt, with his
other hand.  He slowly, and with sensuous and erotic care, began to stroke his
excited penis up and down while caressing and squeezing his fat bloated
testicles, and counting each stroke in his mind.  When he reached the twenties,
his belly began to vibrate and his spread thighs trembled with his growing lust.

Exactly on the thirtieth stroke of his fist he bent his hot pulsing organ down
so its swollen head was poised over the toe of the shoe.  The slave gasped, and
his audience stared in excitement, when the thick, white cream of his seed began
to pour from the tip of his climaxing penis and cascade over the shiny leather
toe of the shoe.  The gushing of his semen was accompanied by his ritual
supplication, "Oh, glorious shoe that has known the presence of sweet Mistress
Lotta's beautiful foot, I beg you to forgive me, her devoted piglet, for soiling
your luxurious leather with the scum from my spewing worm.  My heart is bursting
with sorrow at so foully defiling your glory with worm scum, and I beg your
mercy.  I will love and adore you forever, worshipped, shoe for whom I exist to
adore with all my being."

The Mistresses chatted excitedly at the sight they had just witnessed,
commenting on how well trained slave piglet was, how delightfully lewd and
wanton he was, how deliciously submissive he had become, and finally, how lovely
it was to see a true subservient slave perform so sensuously for his superiors.
Mistress Lotta glowed with pride at their obvious approval, not to mention a
tiny tinge of jealousy of her for owning such a pliant and submissive animal. 
All through their enthusiastic praise slave piglet had bent his head and
zealously tongued his semen from the toe of the shoe.  His long tongue polished
the shoe with total devotion and attention until he had removed all trace of his
seed from its shining leather.

Mistress Viola peered down and inspected his work after he was finished and
commented to him, "You certainly take care to clean the shoe scrupulously,
little piglet, why is that?"  The sated slave answered her query in a shuddering
voice, "Mistress Lotta has decreed that if the leather of the sacred shoe should
deteriate through my disgraceful acts, and rot away, then, as punishment, she
will never allow my worm to spurt again, Mistress Viola."  "Oh, I see, piglet,"
the domatrix stated, "You want to ensure that your worm can spit in the future." 
"Oh, no!"  Darling Mistress, the distraught slave cried. "It is not for me that
I attend to the sacred shoe that I adore so fervently, but for my Mistress.  She
so enjoys watching me pull my worm off, and it gives her so much pleasure to see
the lewd worm spray its scum that I will do anything in my power to ensure that
she is never deprived of her satisfaction.  I would die from disgrace and
dishonour should she be deprived of her entertainment through my slovenly
behaviour." The docile slave concluded, his cheeks flaming with delicious shame.

"You may return your shoe and prepare to show my guests out, piglet."  Mistress
Lotta ordered.  The slave reverently lifted the shoe and shuffled from the room. 
He replaced it on the shrine and again repeated his prayer to it before crawling
back to the lounge.  Before he arrived at the door the women had already entered
the hall.  He was not to carry then individually on his back as he had when they
arrived but, as he retrieved each of their cloaks he bad the goodbye with
slavish ritual, kissing their heel, toes, buttocks and mounds with submissive
reverence before each left.

Once they were alone again Mistress Lotta expressed her delight with her slave's
performance, causing him to glow with happiness.  She commented, as they
prepared for bed, that she had wanted to invite a Master to the game so she
could see him suck penis for her entertainment, but had decided not to, for she
wanted his first penis sucking to be especially humiliating and degrading for
him, and she didn't think that sucking a Master off in the confines of her home,
and in an atmosphere of relative familiarity would achieve this.  She informed
the blushing slave, while he was bathing her, that she had already decided the
circumstances under which he would have to suck his first penis, telling him
that she had, in fact, already arranged for it to happen the very next day.




Chapter 6 - The First Penis

Mistress Lotta had deliberately avoided bringing any of her male lovers to her
home while she trained slave piglet during the first month or so of his
submission.  Not that she denied herself the pleasure of fucking, rather she
went out to obtain her pleasure.  She wished to ensure that the first time she
forced her new slave to service a male, he would experience a new, much deeper
level of humiliation and shame.  She had first had the seed of the idea which
she would use to achieve this on the first day of their meeting, just after the
interview had been concluded.  She would have her slave suck off the penis of
his former landlord to repay him for the outstanding rent he had failed to pay. 
She knew that this would be particularly distasteful for the slave, because of
his extreme dislike of the odious man.

Mistress Lotta had a friend who owned one of the many seedy sex motels in the
city.  This establishment had rooms that could be viewed from a one way mirror
while protecting the identity of the viewer.  This was important to Mistress
Lotta for she had no intention of letting the slave's former landlord find out
anything about her, and possibly cause her irritation later.  But, by the same
token, she had no intention of not being able to enjoy the humiliation of her
slave when he first begged permission to, and then sucked the man's penis to
completion, and swallowed his semen, and finally thanked the man for the
privilege.  She had one of her dominant male friends contact the man and set the
whole thing up for her.  The man, of course, was overwhelmed by this turn of
events and readily agreed.  He was warned, however, that he was not to hurt
slave piglet in any way, or he would be visited and forced to pay dearly for his
actions.

The look of absolute mortification that creased slave piglet's features when
Mistress Lotta informed him of her plans caused her mind to sing with delight. 
She knew that her little slave would abhor what he was forced to do.  It would
fill him with utter shame, and make him experience degrees of humiliation that
he had, as yet, only dreamed of.  But such was his submissive nature, she knew
that he would not only do it, but ensure that the show he put on would give her
exquisite pleasure.

Slave piglet was dressed in his slave costume for this little excursion.  When
they left the apartment, however, he was covered from neck to foot with a full
cloak.  To people who saw them thought that he was a pretty, if somewhat
masculine looking girl.  All they could see were his pink high heeled pumps and
his heavily made up face and his lustrous long hair.  The two of them travelled
to the motel in Mistress Lotta's big car.  When they arrived Mistress Lotta made
her slave wait outside the door of the room in which the man had been installed
until she was ready, in her room with the one way mirror.

After one or two minutes slave piglet, cheeks already flushed and burning with
shame and humiliation, knocked lightly on the door.  A voice that he knew only
too well, and dreaded, bad him enter.  The slave, heart pounding with delicious
degradation, a feeling he was growing to love more than anything he had ever
felt before, slipped his cloak from his shoulders and lay it on the floor
outside the door. His revealing and bizarre costume was thus displayed, and he
dropped to his stockinged knees and opened the door, and crawled into the softly
lit room of the sex establishment.

His pulse picked up pace, and a new wave of debasement flooded his spinning
brain, when the man, true to form, laughed uproariously at the sight he made,
saying in a mocking sneering voice, "I always knew that you were nothing but a
little faggot who loved nothing better than to have his mouth stuffed with a
real man's cock.  Now I see that you are, and what a lovely set of threads you
get around in now."  Slave piglet endured the odious man's mocking insults in
stoic silence.  He had more pressing things on his mind, like how he was going
to be able to suck this creature's vile penis, how he was going to be able to
drink his putrid semen without becoming physically ill.

"Well, what have you got to say, faggot.  Aren't you supposed to be here to pay
your debts.  That was the agreement I made, so lets get on with it!"  Slave
piglet drew a deep breath, steeling himself for the ordeal to come, and gasped
out, "Sir, I am slave piglet, sexual and bondage slave to my Mistress." The
trembling, demeaned chattel had to pause for a few seconds while his landlord's
roar of laughter died down before he could continue with his self debasing
speech.  "I am commanded, sir, to beg you for the privilege of sucking your
magnificent penis, and drinking the succulent issue of your testicles, sir, so
that my debt may be discharged." 

"So, faggot piglet, you are only going to suck my prick because you have been
ordered to, not because you want to.  I don't think that that is satisfactory." 
Slave piglet's heart almost stopped.  What would his Mistress say.  What
disgrace he now risked bringing down on her, his reason for existence.  How
badly disappointed she would be.  He quickly stammered out, words tumbling over
each other in his haste to right his wrong, "Oh, no, sir.  Oh, no.  I can't wait
to have your splendid penis buried in my adoring throat.  I have no other desire
than to have it fill my worshipping gullet with its luscious cream.  To savour
the flavour of the delicious juice before it slides down into my belly.  I beg
you, sir, to allow me the privilege of sucking you beautiful penis.  Please sir,
allow me to bring you pleasure with my servile lips and tongue.'

By this time slave piglet's mind had slipped into a slavish stupor, and he was
genuinely looking forward to pleasing the horrid man.  He couldn't wait to have
his servile tongue on his hot man meat, he longed for it, and continued to beg,
in ever more humiliating and pleading tones, while the man stood over his
kneeling nudity.  At length the landlord, who was enjoying the sight of the
grovelling slave debasing himself immensely, acquiesced.  "All right, you
snivelling queen, I'll Let you have your way."  He said, already beginning to
remove his pants, "But I want to see all of this, crawl over to that chair." He
continued, indicating a rather cheap looking lounge chair positioned,
fortuitously, before the one way mirror that he didn't know was what it was, and
certainly ignorant of the fact that it was being used by Mistress Lotta to view
the proceedings.

"I'm going to kneel up on the arms of the chair so I can see your every move,
slug, and so you have unrestricted access to my cock and balls.  You had better
do a fine job as well, or I'll not release you from your debt at all."  By the
time he had finished talking he had already mounted the chair, facing away from
the mirror.  His thighs were spread wide and his long, thick penis, and bulbous
testicles hung before the kneeling slave's eyes.  Slave piglet eyed the hairy
set of genitals with revulsion.  As his face approached the sex meat its musty
aroma caused his nostrils to twitch with disgust, but he steeled himself to his
task, and resolved to perform with the utmost depravity in an attempt to atone
to his Mistress for his earlier lapse.

He began by sniffing up and down the slowly stiffening length of the rancid
smelling organ, breathing in its fetid aroma.  He then buried his nose in the
hairy skin of the man's reeking testicle sack.  His blood stream was flooded
with adrenalin, born from burgeoning degradation, and his heart began to flutter
wildly in his chest.  He snaked his long agile tongue out and wetly laved the
crinkled sack containing the man's fat testicles, tonguing it over and over
until it dripped with his saliva.  He then gently kissed up and down the length
of the penis itself, tracing its bulging blood vessels with the tip of his
tongue in an erotically teasing manner.

The object of his adoration became stiff and began to pulse with pleasure.  Its
owner's breath became ragged as his arousal grew under the talented tongue of
the slave servicing him so expertly.  The obnoxious man had been berating the
slave, and abusing him contemptuously all through his actions to date.  But when
slave piglet swept his hot tongue over the ripe dripping head of his penis, he
stopped, sighing with pleasure and thinking to himself that this was as good as
it got.  He had been sucked off by any number of whores in the past, but none
had the talent of this faggot, and he settled down to enjoy the slave's
attentions, even begrudgingly admitting to himself that the youth he so hated
was not so useless after all.

Slave piglet, when he finally washed his tongue over the drooling head of the
man's penis, and his taste buds were drowned with his musky flavours, came to
the sudden realisation that, not only wasn't he revolted by the spicy taste, he
actually relished it.  He literally glowed with submissive self-effacement when
it hit him that he really did love what he was doing, and he happily tongued the
hot sweet meat of the throbbing penis head with adoration, which showed on his
flushed features, and in his submissively shining eyes.  After a seemingly eon
of constant teasing with his busy tongue, he opened his mouth wide and engulfed
the entire glans in its hot wet interior, and joyously suckled on it as though
it were the most prized delicacy he had ever tasted.

With growing feelings of delightful degradation flooding his every fibre he
drove his wide stretched lips down the length of the throbbing pole of lust.  He
gagged slightly when the dripping head nudged his throat, but continued with the
downward plunge of his mouth until his ovalled lips were crushed against the
man's sweating, trembling belly.  He paused and allowed the thick, hot, bar of
sex flesh to pulse in his crammed mouth while his throat muscles convulsed
around it, massaging the deeply buried glans with a sensual eroticisms that made
the man he served pant with ecstasy.

Slave piglet experienced a surge of utterly submissive joy when he happened to
glance into the one way mirror.  The reflection that greeted him was that of a
slave, dressed in his demeaning costume, his own trapped penile stem struggling
within its bondage, and his obscenely displayed testicles aching with yearning,
and a man's penis buried down his throat.  If he didn't know before, at that
instant he knew that he was living in a paradise that he wanted never to end.

He reached up with one hand and slipped a finger between the buttocks of the man
whose penis he was so avidly worshipping, and petted the pout of his tight,
crusty anus.  With the fingers of his other hand caressing the man's tightly
packed testicle bag, he began to pump his mouth up and down on the hot,
pulsating penis.  He flashed his tongue over and around the hard meat sensuously
while it slid in and out of his mouth.  The man's breath became increasingly
ragged as his pleasure grew and grew, until he was panting like horse after a
race.  His penis swelled even more in the slave's working mouth while his climax
approached.

The man braced himself against the back of the chair and began to rut his hips
into the slave's face, driving his pleasure soaked penis ever deeper into his
adoring maw.  The slave, sensing that the man's orgasm was almost upon him,
drove a finger deeply into his clenching anus, and squeezed his testicles
tenderly.  The man let out a yell of both triumph and pleasure when his belly
contracted and his climax exploded.  Slave piglet drew his mouth back as the
penis he was so avidly adoring, began to spurt wildly.  The slave's wriggling
tongue was deluged with hot creamy semen.  It gushed with surges that splashed
onto the back of his throat with almost unbelievable force.  His taste buds were
flooded with its rich spicy savour.

The slave's own mind peaked with servile passion when the flood of spurting man
juice splashed into his gaping mouth.  He rolled the boiling cream around in his
mouth, feelings of utter subservience welling in his heart, while literally
adoring its heady aroma and flavour.  It was with almost a sense of deprivation
that he finally began to swallow the creamy issue.  It gushed into his mouth in
such quantities that he had to gulp it down in order not to waste one precious
drop.  Such was the slave's enthusiasm that, when the strength of the man's
squirts began to ebb, he dove down on the spewing pole and squeezed the man's
squirming balls in an endeavour to coax more of his marvellous juice from them. 
His lips squeezed the stem of the penis so as to draw every last drop of the
delicious cream from it.

The man collapsed into the chair sated, his chest heaving in the aftermath of
his orgasm.  Slave piglet continued to nurse his wilting penis in his mouth, and
to tenderly caress his now slack and empty testicles, while the man rested and
slowly recovered his breath.  He looked down at the slave with somewhat less
disdain than he had before, marvelling at his eroticism, and licentious talent,
thinking that the kid must have practised that for a long time.  Little did the
landlord know, of course, that his penis was in fact the first one the slave had
ever sucked.  His talent arising from an in built, submissive sense of service,
and of a yearning to be a mindless instrument of absolute pleasure.

"You certainly are good at that, kid."  The exhausted, but sensuously sated man
murmured.  "I've never had it sucked off like that before.  I guess your debt is
paid."  Slave piglet glowed with pride and happiness.  He had had no idea how
sucking on the penis of another man would thrill him so.  Rather than revolt
him, it had aroused him to new and deliciously sensual and submissive heights. 
He knew that his Mistress would be pleased beyond measure, not withstanding his
little gaff at the beginning, for he sensed that she had still harboured some
doubts about his willingness to perform for her with other males.

He reluctantly let the man's now soft and limp penis slip from his warm mouth
and knelt before him, "I am overjoyed that you have found pleasure in my
performance, sir."  Slave piglet breathed.  "I adored sucking your ravishing
penis feeling its gorgeous heat down my throat.  The cream of you testicles was
delicious, sir, I adored its luscious flavour while it gushed down my throat and
fed my yearning belly." The contented slave reached out and gently cupped the
man's flopping testicles and continued, "I am filled with elation because your
gorgeous testicles produced such copious quantities of rich succulent cream to
feed my hungry belly.  I beg you, sir, please allow me to express my gratitude
to you for allowing me the unrivalled pleasure of drinking from your marvellous
penis."  Slave piglet implored the now standing man.

"But how are you going to do that?"  He asked bemused, knowing that the slave
would not be able to suck him up again.  "Please, sir, allow me to tongue kiss
your luscious anus before I go.  Please, sir I implore you."  The man could not
believe what he was hearing.  It was not possible that this creature could be so
servile as to want to slurp on his anus.  He was not, however, going to deny
him.  The man had never felt a tongue there before and, even in his now satiated
state, he knew that it would be a most pleasurable experience.  He bent slightly
and said, "Go ahead, kid, if you really want to."

Slave piglet glowed with delicious shame saying, "Oh, thank you sir." even as
his hands parted the fat cheeks of the man's bottom.  He quickly slipped his
face between the sweating hemispheres and glued his lips to the crinkled rosebud
that nestled there.  He sniffed the rancid aroma while driving his pointed
tongue deeply into the reeking pit, and tasting its fetid flavour.  The slave
slurped at the clenching hole for a minute before, reluctantly, leaving it,
lapping the pleasure filled pout lovingly, one last time as he did.

Slave piglet crawled to the door while the man was donning his pants, and
slipped out of the room. Once he was in the corridor he threw on his cloak and
rushed from the motel.  It was important for him to be gone before the man
appeared, so there would be no possibility of him seeing Mistress Lotta. He
climbed into the big car, out of breath from his running, and she quickly drove
away.

Slave piglet sat next to his beautiful owner in silence.  He was both
apprehensive at what might be her attitude to his early mistake when he first
spoke to the man whom it was his duty to serve.  But he was also quietly proud
of his subsequent performance, especially the final anus kissing act.  He was
sure, in his own mind, that this would have thrilled his Mistress.  "On the
whole, I am pleased with you, piglet."  She finally spoke.  "But we had better
not have any more acts of defiance when I allow you to serve someone.  When I
command you to do something, you don't react to my order like I am forcing you. 
When I issue a command I expect that obeying that command will be your reason
for living, and your joy, until you have completely satisfied it.  Is that
clear, piglet?"

"Oh, yes, darling Mistress Lotta.  Please forgive me for my sin against you.  I
promise with all my heart that I will never, never, disappoint you again." 
Slave piglet pleaded.  "All right, just this once I will forgive you without
imposing a richly deserved penalty ," the mistress replied.  "But you had better
be more careful in the future for, I can assure you, I will never be as
benevolent again, and you can expect to spend a month or so without being given
the privilege of adoring your shoe."  Slave piglet shuddered at this, for he
knew that it meant that he would be denied sexual relief for a month, a fate
that, while he would have endured, he knew would also deny his Mistress the
pleasure of watching him spurt, and this would be more of a punishment for him
than the mere act of celibacy.




Chapter 7 - The First Public Masturbation

While the episode with slave piglet's former landlord was his first taste of
humiliation outside Mistress Lotta's residence, she entertained at home a few
times before she exposed him to public humiliation within the B&D culture.  It
would be a big step for the, as yet inexperienced, slave for, even though
Mistress Lotta was pleased well beyond her wildest expectations by his truly
amazing submissiveness, she was not prepared to push him too far too early.  She
knew that there was a fine line between submissive acceptance, and rebellion
through overload.  She had not, as yet, entertained any of her lovers at home,
nor had she exposed slave piglet to other slaves.

Mistress Lotta was a foundation member of the city's most exclusive B&D Club. 
This club was reserved for wealthy dominants, and was strict about who qualified
for membership.  Unlike the more numerous S&M establishments, her club was
exclusive and the membership had spent a great deal of money on its permanent
premises so that they could be seen to be opulent, and exuded the richness of
the culture.  The club rooms included one large open area with a well appointed
bar.  It had a circular viewing stage raised two feet from the floor, in the
centre of the large, main room.  This stage was twelve feet in diameter and
could be revolved at variable pace.  Extensive spotlights had been installed to
light up the stage area during erotic exhibitions.

At one end of the large main room were large storage cupboards for the
multitudes of bondage equipment the club had acquired over the years.  There
were two well appointed function rooms for the private use of the membership
and, of course, bathrooms and general storage areas.  The Club rooms were well
disguised from the outside world to protect members from harassment, both of the
nuisance and legal nature.  Even though a number of club members, and indeed not
a few slaves, were members in good standing of society, the club took
extraordinary measures to protect its membership from any form of publicity.

The club itself was managed by a woman of fiftyish, who was a long time
dominant, and much respected in the culture.  She, in turn, possessed four
slaves, two men and two girls.  This group ran the premises, the dominant as
manager, and the slaves as the workers who cleaned the rooms, became bar tenders
and waitresses as the occasion demanded, and generally looked after the
finances, under the close supervision of their Mistress.  The club was open
seven days a week as an almost normal bar, but friday and saturday nights were
set aside for erotic entertainment, invariably provided by the membership's
extensive numbers of slaves.  The club manager kept track of bookings of members
for their slaves to engage in providing this entertainment.  The acts of the
slaves were monitored for their entertainment value, and were rejected if they
were not deemed to be sufficiently innovative, or erotic in their nature.  Some
of the acts were solo performances, some were in group situations, and some even
involved dominants.  Each Friday and Saturday night the club manager displayed a
notice detailing that night's entertainment, and the acts scheduled for the
following weekend.  Dominants had to plan their slave's performances well in
advance.

It is worth noting that to have it accepted by the membership, a dominant had to
submit extensive details of each slave in their keeping.  This was to ensure
that the slaves admitted were of a consistently high standard in terms of looks
and submissive behaviour.  Severe penalties, including cancellation of
membership, awaited a dominant who introduced a slave who did not measure up to
these high standards.  Slave piglet had been extensively investigated, and
inspected, prior to Mistress Lotta being granted the right to introduce him into
the club.

When Mistress Lotta announced that slave piglet was to accompany her to the club
he was overjoyed. He had been looking forward to his exposure to others of the
same culture almost from the first.  He was especially looking forward to seeing
other slaves, and learning from them so that he could become an even more
complete and submissive slave to his gorgeous owner.  She informed him that, on
this his first visit, he would only be required to masturbate for the
entertainment of the club patrons.  He was allowed to plan his own exhibition,
and was reminded by Mistress Lotta that his presentation would reflect on her
standing as a dominant and, therefore, to make it as erotically, and
submissively exciting as he could.  This, of course, the exhilarated slave
resolved to do, no matter what the cost to his own pride and dignity.

On the big day he rushed around the house, nervously cleaning and fussing, his
brain singing with ecstatic expectation.  After he had dressed his Mistress in
her erotic finery, and meticulously attended to the making up her lovely face,
he went about preparing his own body.  He massaged his smooth skin with scented
oils until it shone and gleamed, and then put on his best hose and garter belt,
soft pink in colour, of course, and strapped on his highest heeled pumps.  He
donned his chastity belt carefully, and polished its pink leather with
consummate care. 

Slave piglet then attended to his make-up.  He rouged his bulging testicles, and
painted the head of his trapped penis bright pink, and similarly decorated his
stiff little nipples.  He used the same lip gloss to paint his full pouting
lips.  He made up his eyes with silver eye shadow and black eye liner, and
powdered his smooth cheeks, putting a pink highlight into them.  He brushed out
his long blonde hair until it shone, and hung softly down over his shoulders. 
Lastly, he carefully polished his long fingernails with bright pink nail polish.

Slave piglet went to his jewellery box and took out the new items Mistress Lotta
had had made especially for this occasion.  He first put on the earings.  These
were silver and hung an inch below his ear lobes.  They had been crafted out of
the metal and depicted tiny penises, bent double and strapped so that their
heads were crushed up against the tiny metal testicles that had been fashioned,
and they covered the place where the rings pierced the ear lobes.  He then
placed a bangle of silver on his left wrist.  It was designed as a rope of
penises overwound with rope.  Finally he placed a necklace around his neck, the
pendant of which was enscibed with the words: "Slave Piglet".

When he was finally satisfied, he gazed at his reflection in the mirror.  His
heart fluttered with wanton excitement at his decorated body.  It looked so
deliciously erotic in its finery.  His handsome features, femininely softened by
his make-up, his body, smooth and hairless, sensuous in its soft pink lingerie,
and his jewellery glinting in the light of the room.  Wave after wave of
delightful degradation washed over the passionate slave, and his eyes shone with
happiness.  Mistress Lotta called for him to hurry, and he rushed from the
dressing room to do her bidding.  She was waiting at the door, having already
donned her cloak.  When slave piglet arrived at her side, head bowed in
deference to her presence, she inspected his body.

"Simply delicious, piglet."  She breathed delightedly as she attached a silver
chain leash to his slave collar.  "You are such a lovely creature, and I am so
proud of you.  Be sure that you make me even prouder with your performance
tonight."  She continued, handing him his cloak.  "I want you to make me the
envy of all my peers at the club."  Slave piglet gasped with a mixture of pride,
and submissive elation, at having so pleased his beautiful owner, and relied,
"Darling Mistress Lotta, I shall do every thing in my power to make you proud of
me.  I live to serve you and will love you with all my heart, always."

Mistress Lotta smiled down at her chattel with contentment, and opened the door
to the apartment. Both moved out to the garage and entered her big car.  She
then drove to the club and parked in its underground lot, which was already
nearly full.  Mistress Lotta led slave piglet by his leash to the lift and they
rode it up to the club foyer.  Slave piglet shivered with erotic anticipation as
the lift rose and slipped to his knees next to his owner.  When the doors to the
lift opened he was greeted with a softly lit, plushly carpeted passageway, and
he crawled along behind his domatrix until they reached the cloak room.

Slave piglet's eyes widened when he got his first look at the male, slave cloak
attendant.  The tall man was nude, except for clear plastic cup held onto his
groin by means of a black leather G string.  Slave piglet could see the man's
large, thick penis crammed into the small stiff cup.  its bulky stem crushed by
the small space in which it was confined.  When the two arrived at his counter
the slave knelt and said, "Welcome, Mistress Lotta."  After taking her cloak he
leant forward and kissed the silky material stretched over her prominent sex
mound and continued, "It is an honour to serve you Mistress." 

Mistress Lotta waited until the attendant had stowed both their cloaks, and then
extended her foot to the attending slave.  He immediately bent low and kissed
her shoes' toes in a show of servility.  She then took up slave piglet's leash
and led him, crawling along behind her, into the main room.  It was already
quite crowded, the noise of chatter was muted, but persistently buzzing all
around.  She stood and peered around the room looking for a place to seat
herself.  She smiled when she saw Mistress Desire signalling to her from across
the room.  Mistress Desire had reserved an alcove lounge for them and was,
herself seated comfortably, with a tiny, shapely, nearly naked slave kneeling
submissively at her feet.

This must be Mistress Desire's slave, pussy, slave piglet thought to himself, a
surge of excitement washing over him.  The little slave had her back to him at
the time and was sitting on her heels.  He could see that her bottom cheeks were
round and shapely, her waist almost impossibly narrow, and long lustrous black
hair flowed down her slender back, almost to a level with those gorgeous cheeks.
Mistress Lotta led her slave across the room.  He was only dimly aware of others
seated in the intimate areas of the club.  But, however, he flushed when he saw
that, while the alcoves afforded some privacy to their occupants, the stage was
totally exposed to all, and could be viewed from anywhere in the room.  There
was no one, as yet on the dais, and it was bathed in dim light.

When they reached Mistress Desire's alcove she gushed, "How nice to see you,
Lotta.  And you've brought the little piglet for his debut I see.  I had noticed
his name on the entertainment board, but wasn't sure you would have deemed him
ready yet."  Mistress Lotta smiled at her friend, petting her kneeling slave's
soft hair.  "It's lovely to see you too, Desire.  Piglet is ready, I'm sure.  In
fact he has been quite looking forward to tonight for weeks now.  I see you've
brought pussy along.  I didn't notice her name on the entertainment board." 
Mistress Desire smiled mockingly down at her slave and replied, "The lucky pussy
is to have her little operations this week, so I've decided to allow her to rest
tonight.  Besides, she can be of some use to us when piglet is performing his
act.  You may greet Mistress Lotta, pussy."  She added to her kneeling serf.

Slave piglet saw the little slave kneel up and shuffle to the still standing
Mistress Lotta.  He gazed in fascination at the sight of the pretty little
slave's crotch.  It was contained by a barely discernible piece of purple satin,
an inch wide, that ran from between her cute thighs up to her waist where it was
fixed to a thin belt of the same material around her narrow waist.  It had only
the slightest bulge where her sex lips would be and slave piglet thought that
she must be younger than she looked to have such an underdeveloped sex.  Then he
saw the quite large breasts that stood firmly, high on her lean torso, framed as
they were with a decoration of purple lace that in no way hid their smooth
creamy flesh and realised this was not so.

The tiny slave knelt before Mistress Lotta and said, "Hallo, beautiful Mistress
Lotta.  May I give you the slave's welcome?"  Given permission slave pussy bent
her head down and kissed each of Mistress Lotta's shoe tips, then, with joy
radiating from her face, she kissed each of the heels, followed by the rounds of
each of the domatrix's voluptuous bottom cheeks, and finally, with a look of
utter reverence, she kissed the Mistress's satin covered mound.  "You may greet
Mistress Desire, piglet."  Mistress Lotta said to her slave, and he repeated the
process with the other dominant, a look of consternation creasing his features
when he tried to get to her gorgeous bottom.  She smiled, and chuckled
teasingly, and finally rolled her rump just enough to give the slave access to
her svelte mounds.  He finished also by tenderly kissing the satin pouch that
contained Mistress Desire's fragrant sex.  Both slaves then knelt at their
Mistress' feet while the dominants chatted.

After a while Mistress Lotta reached over and petted slave pussy's black locks
and asked, "Are you looking forward to your little procedures, pussy?"  "Oh,
yes!  Mistress Lotta. I can't wait!"  The little slave girl replied, her voice
betraying her obvious enthusiasm.  Slave piglet looked on in confusion at the
conversation.  Mistress Desire, seeing this, commented, "The piglet doesn't know
what we are talking about, does he Lotta? I think we should show him.  Pussy,
remove you panties and show the piglet your twat."  She ordered her tiny
chattel.

The slave quickly took her G string off and showed her fellow slave her hairless
crotch.  Slave piglet gasped in wonder at what she revealed.  She had the
tiniest set of male genitals he had ever seen in place of the expected vagina. 
The testicles were just the size of a child's marbles, and the penis, no longer
than an inch, was barely as thick as a pencil.  Mistress Desire filled slave
piglet in on her slave's coming operations, "Little pussy is going to lose her
little pills on thursday, and her little worm on friday, aren't you pussy."  The
slave enthusiastically confirmed her Mistress's statement making slave piglet
shudder with the thought that a male should wish to have his penis and testicles
cut off.

"Why are you so looking forward to the next week?"  Mistress Lotta asked the
slave, getting into the spirit of the bizarre conversation.  The little slave
replied, "Because Doctor Zeitzler is going to give me a cunt hole, Mistress, and
even a clitoris."  Mistress Lotta looked quizzically at her friend who quickly
filled her in, "The doctor is the best there is, Lotta darling.  They have
always been able to construct a vagina, but this one has mastered the art of
making a clitoris from the penis.  This is why I have spent a year giving pussy
the intensive hormone treatments that would shrink her worm down to a size that
he could work with."

Mistress Lotta now understood and nodded her head at the slave's bare crotch,
asking, "Is it still functional, Desire?"  "I don't know."  The petite domatrix
replied, adding, "It hasn't spurted for over a year now."  Then Mistress Lotta
got an evil glint in her eye and suggested, "Since the little vixen is going to
lose it next week, why don't we find out?"  "Oh, I don't want to upset our
hostess by trying to have a late act included in her schedule."  Mistress Desire
sighed.  "Oh we don't have to worry about that."  Mistress Lotta rejoined,
grinning like a cheshire cat.  "We'll have the piglet suck it for us.  That way
we will be able to see it up close.  I'm sure that piglet would just adore
sucking pussy's unusual twat, wouldn't you my little serf?"  Slave piglet
remembering his gaff with his landlord and was careful not to make the same
mistake again.

"Oh, yes Mistress!" He cried enthusiastically.  He turned to his fellow slave
and begged her, "Please, darling slave pussy, may I have the honour of sucking
your delightful twat?"  The tiny slave gazed inquiringly up at her owner and was
given the nod.  "Oh, yes please, slave piglet."  Slave piglet blushed scarlet as
he was ordered into position before the seated dominants.  He lay on his back,
and then propped up his torso with straightened arms.  Slave pussy then
straddled his head so his up pointing face was between her girlish thighs, and
her minuscule set of genitals were poised over his painted lips.

"If your little worm gets stiff, pussy, you are to immediately inform us so we
can have piglet show us, understand?"  Mistress Desire said to her wee vassal. 
"If you wish, you may play with piglet's little, rouged scum bags while he sucks
your cunt."  Mistress Lotta informed the excited slave.  Slave pussy's tiny
penis had not been erect for ages, and she was overjoyed at being permitted to
see if it still could become stiff and hard.  "Begin!"  Mistress Desire snapped. 
Slave piglet raised his mouth to the dangling miniature set of male genitals.

He sighed with submissive happiness and closed his lips over the small set of
male genitals.  Slave penis suckled on the limp penis with consummate
tenderness.  His tongue laved the hard little testicles over and over.  At the
same time slave pussy began to pet his own bulging testicles, and pleasure swept
through him, and his penis, trapped in its chastity struggling to stiffen, until
it ached and ached.  He kept up his sensuous torment of the cute slave's
shrunken penis for at least five minutes before he was able to discern a slight
stiffening in the tiny lust pole.  He re-doubled his efforts, and his agile
tongue worried the slowly hardening finger of male sex tirelessly, until it was
fully erect.  It had not grow much more than a further quarter of an inch longer
in his hot mouth, even once it was fully erect.

"It's Stiff, Mistress!"  The trembling slave cried.  "Show us piglet!"  Mistress
Lotta barked.  Slave piglet, somewhat reluctantly, relinquished the stiff little
organ so the domatrixes could see it.  It stood proud and red in the hollow
between the slave's precious thighs, visible throbbing with arousal.  Slave
piglet looked up at it with pride, knowing that his Mistress would be pleased
with him for having succeeded in making it erect.  "Tease it a little so that we
can see, piglet"  Mistress Desire ordered.

Slave piglet poked out his long tongue and proceeded to comply with her wishes. 
He traced the outline of the stiff little penis with the tip of his tongue,
rolled the tiny testicle pebbles at its base with his lips, and generally worked
to make his demeaning performance as erotically arousing as he could for The
Mistresses.  After a while they tired of this and he was ordered to make the
penis come, being sure that they would see what, if any juice it was capable of
producing.  Slave piglet again engulfed the slave's entire crotch in his mouth,
smudging her smooth white skin with his pink lipstick.

He sucked the pulsating pole avidly, until slave pussy's thighs were shivering
with the pleasure coursing through her.  Soon her svelte little belly was
vibrating, and she could not control a wanton rutting in her hips.  Her breath
grew more and more ragged as the tickle in her penis began to become almost
unbearable for her.  Slave piglet kept up his constant, and relentless tonguing
of the pulsing organ until it began to jump and jerk in his hot mouth.  "I think
it's going to spurt Mistress!"  The ecstatic slave squealed.  "Show us piglet!" 
Mistress Desire snapped.

Slave penis withdrew his mouth, but still laved the jerking, throbbing little
penis with his tireless tongue.  The diminutive slave gave out a huge sigh of
pleasure, and a thin, viscous liquid began to trickle from her tiny penis and
onto slave piglet's questing tongue.  "Oh, look, Lotta darling.  Look!" Mistress
Desire cried in excitement.  "Little pussy's worm is spurting."  Both dominants
looked at the depraved spectacle with consummate eagerness.  In reality the tiny
penis did not surrender much cream at all, the tiny testicles being exhausted
after a few seconds.  But the slave was crying out in ecstasy all the time, and
her fellow chattel enjoyed the sweet taste of her tiny issue immensely. 
"Enough!" Mistress Desire barked when it was obvious that her slave's orgasm was
over.

Slave pussy disengaged her cute nudity from slave piglet, put her minuscule
panties back on, and both the slaves knelt once again at their Mistress' feet. 
There was activity over at the stage area and it was obvious that the night's
entertainment was about to begin.  Mistress Lotta noticed that her slave's
make-up had suffered while he was sucking slave pussy and said, "Pussy, take
piglet to the slave bathroom so that he can repair his face.  Hurry back, for
the show is about to begin."  The two slaves crawled off, slave piglet following
slave pussy so she was able to show him the way.

Once they were in the bathroom they stood.  Slave pussy showed slave piglet the
vanity table, loaded with make-up of all types.  He found a lip gloss the same
colour as his and began to re-paint his pouting lips.  While he was thus engaged
slave pussy cleaned her groin.  She said, "Piglet, that was wonderful.  You suck
like an angel.  I was almost overcome with ecstasy when my little worm
surrendered its juice."  Slave piglet, cheeks still blushing furiously at the
little vixen's easy going acceptance of her station.  "You tasted delicious
pussy.  Your ball scum was so sweet that I thought I would swoon with rapture. 
I am filled with happiness that I should have been granted the privilege of
being the last to taste you before your worm is made into a clitoris."

"You are so lovely, piglet."  Slave pussy cried with emotion cracking her voice. 
"I am going to beg Mistress Desire to allow us to fuck for her when I have my
knew cunt.  It is going to be so good to have a slave's worm, or even more
excitingly, the penis of a Master, in my twat, instead of having them up my man
cunt all the time."  She mewled, finishing with her crotch cleaning.  "Do you
like having a Master fuck your man cunt, darling piglet?"  She asked.  Slave
piglet flushed hotly and stammered, "Mistress Lotta has not had me fucked yet. 
She is preparing my twat for it to happen later."  "Poor, you."  His fellow
slave commiserated, "It's so gorgeous to have a Master's superb penis buried in
one of your holes, so you can give it pleasure.  I love it so, and so will you,
once you get used to it."

The two slaves crawled back out to their owners, and knelt submissively at their
feet.  Mistress Lotta looked down at them with a smile.  "Did you behave in the
bathroom, my little vixens?"  She asked. Both slaves blushed furiously and
nodded, enthusiastically, in the affirmative.  Nothing got by Mistress Lotta,
she knew better, but was contented anyhow.  It didn't hurt for slaves to have a
little un-supervised conversation from time to time, and she knew that they
would only talk about how they could compare, and thus improve their methods of
providing services to their superiors anyway.  She looked up and noticed that
the first act was about to commence.

The club notice board had its usual ten acts listed.  Slave piglet was scheduled
to perform fifth on the agenda.  Preceding him were two solo masturbation
exhibitions, one male and one female, a testicle worshipping in the company of a
dominant and another slave, and a male/female combination. Following slave
piglet's act the remaining ones were all group displays, some with mixed sexes
involved, and others between slaves of the same sex.  The club manageress
mounted the small stage to introduce the first performance.  She was remarkably
well preserved for her age, and was dressed in tasteful, stylishly dominant
costume.

"Masters and Mistresses!"  She announced.  "For your entertainment I present the
slave, jezebel.  She is going to demonstrate her ability to entertain you with a
new dildo her Mistress has recently brought for her.  She will give us a running
commentary while she performs, like the promiscuous little slut she is, to
enhance the wanton nature of her lascivious act."  The woman left the stage, and
the lights over it immediately dimmed to a state of almost total darkness, and
movements on it, though discernible, could barely seen. A few seconds later it
was once again brilliantly lit with multiple spot lights.

Kneeling in the centre of the dais was a young, slender, naked slave girl.  She
was slender to the point of being thin, with tiny breasts capped with
disproportionately large, stiff, meaty nipples.  Her waist was unbelievably
narrow, and her sex hairless and smooth between her widely splayed thighs, its
long lips parted and glistening with moisture.  Her pretty face was heavily made
up and her jet black, shining hair was captured in a side pony tail which hung
down to her hips.  In her small hands she reverently held, by a grip moulded
into its base, a massive dildo of pink flesh tones.  It was a perfect replica of
the male penis, right down to veins running down the length of it stem.  That,
however was where its resemblance to a real penis ended.  No penis of flesh and
blood could ever be this large.  It was well over a foot in length, and must
have measured two and a half inches across.

The little picture of submissive loveliness began to speak in a clear voice,
thick with lust and animated excitement, "Mistresses and Masters, my beautiful
Mistress has honoured me on this, the fifth anniversary of my submission to her,
by again increasing the size of my ritual jerking off lust pole, as she has
rewarded me by doing each year."  The excited slave stared at the massive dildo
with love and rapture shining in her violet eyes and continued, "See, Mistresses
and Masters, how it glistens with moisture.  My ravishing Mistress has honoured
me by painting its surface with the exquisite essence of her dazzling pussy." 
The aroused chattel cried leaning her head forward and sniffing enthusiastically
up and down the length of the mammoth sex pole.  Her tiny breasts shivered, and
her delicate nostrils twitched appreciatively at the ecstatic sensations the
pungent aroma obviously gave her.

"I am happy beyond reason, Mistresses and Masters, for she has permitted me to
lick her succulent pussy cream from my new fuck pole, before I plunge it up my
hot, whorish little twat to exhibit my perverted lusts for your entertainment. 
I adore the taste of my beautiful Mistress' luscious pussy cream more than
anything else in the world, and am filled with gratitude when she allows me to
fill my senses with the delicious flavours and aromas of her ravishing woman
sex."  The highly stimulated slave gushed, and then began to lick her mighty
dildo wetly from its thick base to its perfectly moulded head. She lapped the
bulky dildo and slurped at it avidly until her tongue had laved its entire
surface at least ten times over.  She was obviously not going to allow even one
speck of her Mistresses vaginal secretions to escape her thirsty mouth.  The
audience could see the little slut's throat working enthusiastically while she
eagerly swallowed the gift her Mistress had so generously bestowed on her.

Once the dildo was cleansed of its fragrant pussy cream coating, and gleamed
with the slave's saliva instead, she lowered it from her pretty face down to her
smoothly shaven crotch, crying out excitedly, "Now, Mistresses and Masters, I'm
going to ream out my hot, tight, whorish little twat with my new mighty fuck
stick.  I'm going to fuck my harlot hole with the lust pole until it gushes its
slut cream for your amusement."  She brought the broad head of the dildo to her
gaping vulva and began to rub its huge rubber glans around her ragged, dripping
vaginal opening.  She gasped with pained pleasure while working the brutal penis
head into her soft opening until it stretched the opening to the silky sleave
almost impossibly wide, and had completely disappeared up into the spasming
hole.

"Oh!  Oh!  Mistresses and Masters, it feels soooooo good.  It's stretching my
trollop sleave so wide that pleasure is mixing with pain.  I love it so! I'm
such a slut!  I'm a total whorish harlot who adores her Mistress with all her
heart for allowing her to revel in such depraved lust!"  The sweating slave girl
gasped while savagely twisting and driving the massive dildo ever more deeply
into her vagina.  Inch after inch of its huge stem disappeared into the
pulsating woman hole to the continual highly erotic and increasingly debauched
banter of the panting slave, her language becoming more and more lascivious as
each inch invaded her crammed tunnel of love until, unbelievably, the entire
length of the massive dildo had vanished up into it.

"Oh!  Mistresses and Masters!"  The visibly shaking slave screeched, "My hot,
harlot cave is packed with fuck stick.  Its velvety muscles are strained to
capacity and they ache deliciously.  I'm going to fuck my whorish cunt with all
my might.  I'm going to rape it savagely for you.  How I lofe to exhibit what a
harlot I am.  I'm just my Mistress' cunt with legs and a tongue dedicated to
serving her all of my life!"  She began to plunge the enormous dildo in and out
of her dripping vagina with vigorous, full strokes.  The audience watched in
rapt silence, thrilling to the sight of the massive pole reaming out the panting
slave's passionately clasping, soaked sex pit.

Soon her headed juices were literally gushing from her ecstatic, albeit
tormented font, and dripping down onto the floor of the stage, between her splay
knees.  She used both hands to drill her soaking sex with the huge dildo, and
sweat poured from her shuddering body such was the power and force required to
plunge it in and out of her frothing sex.  Her hips were soon rutting
uncontrollably as lust took her, and her inevitable orgasm rapidly built to its
shatdering mighty peak.  "Mistresses and Masders!"  The little slave whore
squealed in ecstasy, "My harlot twat is coming!  My slut cream is flowing!  I'm
an in heaven!  Thank you my adored Mistress!  Your little whore's cunt is
erupting with pleasure for you.  It's pouring out its torrid juice for you
glory!"

The slave seemed to climax for an eon before her uncontrolled, lust induced
movement finally slowed, and her sated body collapsed in sweaty exhaustion, to
the floor of the dais.  As soon as she was able, she set about tonguing the
juices from her vagina from the slick pole she had used to masturbate with, and
eventually to even tongue up the aromatic fluid that had dripped from her pussy
to the floor.  When she was finished she made her final statement to her
audience, "Mistresses and Masters, it makes me glow with servile appreciation to
have been permitted to demonstrate to you what a depraved slut I have joyfully
become for the glory of my beautiful Mistress.  I am now, and will forever be
her devoted harlot and utterly depraved and adoring slut.  To debase my whorish
body down to the lowest depths of debauchery and wanton lust conceivable for her
pleasure is my entire reason for living, and I thank her from the bottom of my
heart for bestowing on me the new fuck pole I have just christened in my whore
gash.  I shall cherish it and adore it for the next year, until, I pray, that
she replaces it with one even larger on the next anniversary of my total
submission to her."

The slave then crawled from the stage while its the lights were dimmed.  There
was enthusiastic applause from the audience, the slave had indeed been
entertaining with her performance.  Slave piglet was also feeling his excitement
grow, heightened by what he had just seen.  His mind was filled with
anticipation, and he was now eagerly awaiting his turn to perform.  He longed to
be flooded with the sensations of humiliation and degradation that he knew his
display of depravity was going to inflict on his submissive mind.  While the
little group awaited the next act a slave waitress came to their booth to see if
she could serve them.  The woman was completely nude.  Golden chains decorated
her full breasts, passing through golden rings that pierced her prominent
nipples.  Her smooth hairless vulva also had golden rings piercing its fat lips,
and these had been gathered together and locked with a small golden padlock that
ensured the woman's chastity.

The two Mistresses ordered themselves whisky sours, and orange juice for the
slaves.  When the waidress returned she placed two dog dishes on the floor, one
before each slave, and filled them with juice.  She leant over and placed the
Mistress' drinks before them.  As she did so Mistress Lotta reached out and
gently hefted one of her plump breasts in her hand, "Nice tit, slave."  She
commented. "Thank you Mistress Lotta."  The serving slave replied, "It is my
un-dying honour to serve you."  She went on her way to serve other patrons while
Mistress Lotta and Mistress Desire sipped their drinks. At the same time their
two slaves bent their faces to their dishes, bottoms raised high, and lapped up
their juice.

The next presentation was about to begin.  Mistress Lotta and Mistress Desire,
being quite aroused by the first offering, were locked in an embrace, kissing
and caressing each other sensuously.  "You may kiss and cuddle."  Mistress
Desire said to the two slaves at their feet.  The two chattels grinned
lasciviously at each other, delight showing in their shining eyes, and were soon
locked in each other's eager arms.  The slaves' mouths were instantly glued
together and their tongues were duelling erotically.  Slave piglet petted and
caressed slave pussy's gorgeous breasts, and she was reciprocating by caressing
his bulging testicles, by the time the next act was announced.

This act was to involve a male slave, in his thirties, perhaps, in solo
masturbation.  He brought himself off solely through tickling the loose folds of
skin behind the head of his penis with the tip of a feather. It was quite an
unusual masturbatory method and entertained the crowd, especially when they were
treated to the sight of his throbbing penis jumping and pulsating as he
relentlessly tickled it.  It was also stimulating to see his chest heave, and to
watch him begin to pant as his climax built.  The rapt audience was then treated
to the lascivious picture of the kneeling slave's penis spurting and gushing its
white viscous cream in jets that arched from the tip of his erupting penis to
the height of his head, while the pleasure filled slave cried out in his
ecstasy, "Oh, my adored Master.  Your abject and servile slave thanks you from
the bottom of his subservient soul, for permitting his puny prick to squirt for
the amusement of all Masters and Mistresses!"

The slave cleaned up his mess with a dutiful tongue, and left the stage to a
smattering of applause.  The next two acts were in fact tied together, and
involved Mistress Lotta's latest lover, the black Master Frederick, his slave
girl, sow, and a teenaged male slave called pigswill.  The stage remained in
near darkness which allowed the audience to barely perceive the activities of
the slaves setting it up for the performance.  While this was going on a male
serving slave came to the alcove to refresh the Mistress' drinks.  He too, was
totally nude, his thick penis bent down over his bulging testicles, and locked
in place with a tiny padlock connecting rings through his foreskin to the flesh
at the rear base of his testicle sack, a highly effective method of enforcing
his celibacy.

The club's manageress mounted the stage to introduce the next act, "Masters and
Mistresses,"  She began, "The next act for your entertainment will involve the
slave pigswill demonstrating a new talent his Mistress has trained him in.  To
assist in the demonstration Master Frederick has kindly volunteered his
services, with his own personal slave, sow, attending.  Slave pigswill has been
trained to bring a man to orgasm by stimulation of his testicles and prostate
gland only.  If slave pigswill is successful Master Frederick has indicated that
he will be rewarded by being permitted to use a unique and depraved technique to
drink the issue he causes to erupt.  So confident is pigswill's Mistress that he
will be successful, she has asked me to schedule the slave's reward as the
following act on our entertainment agenda."

The Mistress left the stage to an excited buzz of conversation among the members
of the audience. This would prove to be a most bizarre and erotic performance. 
The lights went up and revealed that a modified seat had been set up on the
small rostrum.  The seat was in the shape of a comfortable, office type, chair
except that it had a foot diameter hole in its centre, and the arms had been
lowered so they almost resembled leg rests.  Master Frederick casually mounted
the stage and sat in the chair.  When he was comfortable he draped his legs over
the rests.  He was dressed in black leather chaps that left his groin and his
muscular black buttocks bare, highly polished black jack boots, and an open
leather vest of the same colour.  He was a six foot six negro, built like a
track athlete, and possessed a penis that, even in its limp state must have
measured a foot in length.

As soon as he had come into view slave pussy had torn her mouth from slave
piglet's and stared at the majestic black dominant with adoration and devotion
clearly showing in her wide eyes.  Mistress Desire looked down at her serf, when
she noticed this, and said, "Don't worry, little pussy, Master Frederick has
promised to visit with us after the performance.  You will get your chance to
ask him for your favour."  Slave piglet's heavily made-up face creased with a
look of curiosity at what was going on, and he wondered why the beautiful,
bizarre creature in his arms was so excited by the appearance of the Master.  He
would find out in a short while, however.

Once seated Master Frederick's position on the outlandish chair caused his ample
black bottom cheeks to droop below its level, and to part so that the crinkled
hole of his anus was revealed and easily accessible and, of course, his mighty
scrotum also hung free below the seat level, and his large testicles swayed
slightly in their hair coated bag while he wriggled his substantial bottom
around until he felt as comfortable as possible.  Two slaves crawled up onto the
stage and knelt, submissively before the seated dominant.  The slave girl was
absolutely ravishing, in fact the most voluptuous girl slave piglet had ever
seen.  She was naked except for mauve hose and a satin garter belt of the same
colour.  Her hair was blonde and hung down to the tops of her rotund, but smooth
and firm bottom cheeks.  She could not have been more than five feet two tall,
and her breasts were literally huge, almost as big as Mistress Lotta's
magnificent mounds, slave piglet thought, but, of course, on a body the size of
the kneeling slave's, their massive size was even more accentuated.  Because of
her arched back it could be seen that these breasts were firm and creamy, with
only the barest hint of sag, and were capped with bright pink nipples which were
pierced with golden rings.

The slave girl's incredibly beautiful face was heavily made-up, in the fashion
of a street harlot.  A narrow band of black leather, perhaps three quarters of
an inch wide, disappeared between the gorgeous hemispheres of her bottom.  The
audience could see it spreading the lips of her sex as it went between them and
was fixed securely to a belt around her narrow waist that could be seen beneath
the satin of her garter belt.  The fat lips of her vulva, bulging around the
tight crotch strap were smoothly shaven and her clitoris, crushed under the
leather of the simple, but highly effective chastity strap, made a clearly
discernible bulge in the supple leather.  All in all she presented a most
erotic, and stunningly beautiful picture of submissiveness.
Slave piglet gazed at the slave girl in awed disbelief, his blood boiling with
lust, and his trapped penis aching with the desire to harden at the sight of her
erotic beauty.  He realised, with a flush of absolute wanton delight, that this
must be Master Frederick's slave, sow, and since he and Mistress Lotta were
lovers, slave piglet would undoubtedly spend considerable time in the company of
this gorgeous creature, engaging in acts of unbridled lust and depravity with
her for their amusement.  His pulse raced at these exciting thoughts.  It would
have raced even more had the slave known of the bizarre activities the two
dominants had already actually planned for he and slave sow.

The other kneeling slave, pigswill, was a slender youth, nude and completely
hairless, even his shiny bald head.  He was of average build, but from seeing
his clean, well developed muscle definition, obviously very fit.  From his
kneeling position his seven inch penis could just be seen by the watching crowd,
arching out stiffly above his smooth testicle sack in proud and throbbing
erection.  Master Frederick motioned for the slave's to take up their positions
for the performance.  His sow shuffled in between his muscular thighs and leant
back, placed her hands behind her head in a classic pose of servitude, and
spread her shapely thighs wide so her constricted crotch was thrust out,
wantonly, towards her Master.  Her eyes were fixed, adoringly, on the mighty sex
of her beloved owner and her massive breasts rose and fell on her chest with
each deep breath she took, clear evidence of the slave's high state of
excitement and arousal.  Master Frederick leaned forward and unlocked a tiny
padlock that fixed her tight crotch strap to the belt around her waist.  He then
unsnapped the strap and it fell away from her, revealing her glistening sex
split in all its seductive glory.  The lips were long and alluringly plump,
swollen, almost appearing to glow and gape such was the state of her arousal. 
The pink interior of her sex dripped with juice, the ragged hole of her vaginal
entrance pulsing noticeably, and her sizeable clitoris showed signs of erection,
to the extent that its shiny pink tip was already protruding from its protective
sheath.

As soon as her bewitching sex was bare the delightful creature began to roll her
hips sensuously, offering her swollen, succulent trench to her Master with ever
growing lascivious eroticism. Meanwhile, the other slave had crawled around to
the rear of Master Frederick's bizarre chair.  He had positioned his nude body
so that he knelt away from the Master.  He then arched his back back towards the
seated dominant, and insinuated his head beneath the Master's groin so his face
was poised immediately below, and facing up to it.  Thus all was in readiness
and Master Frederick let it be known to the slaves that the performance should
begin.

Slave piglet, still locked in a passionate embrace with his fellow chattel,
gazed at the proceedings with his pulse racing with licentious excitement.  This
was the life he had always craved in his dreams.  A life steeped in lust and
debauchery, humiliation and submission, and his mind reeled with joy and
happiness at his now demeaned station in life.  While slave piglet's mind was
engrossed with these thoughts, pigswill began his self appointed task.  He began
by stretching his long, agile tongue out from his mouth and used its pointy tip
to trace the contours of Master Frederick's testicle sack.  It seemed to the
captivated audience that the adept slave was bent on tonguing each individual
hair that grew from the rough skin as he slowly, tenderly, and sensuously
tickled and titillated the dominant's swelling scrotum.  The evidence of his
endeavours was soon apparent as the Master's massive penis lengthened and
thickened while he was so erotically stimulated by the eager male slave's
talented and provocative tongue.  After a few minutes the Master's long, thick
sex pillar had achieved a full erection, the huge penis arching up and out from
his splayed groin and beginning to visibly pulse and throb with carnal pleasure.

Once the Master's massive penis had finally reached its full, awesome peak of
growth, his voluptuous slave, relinquished her submissive pose, and produced a
transparent condom from the floor of the stage, obviously placed there prior to
the performance beginning.  She then leant forward and, with infinite care and
tenderness, placed the condom around the Master's big glans so that the rubber
ringed base fitted snugly around the base of the ripe, velvety plumb of sex
meat.  When she was satisfied that the seal was perfect, she allowed the clear
rubber condon to drape down the heavily veined ebony stem of the rigid organ and
returned to her position of submission.  This time she commenced to roll her
shoulders and grind her hips like a stripper.  Her enormous breasts, deep red
nipples now rigid and swollen, rolled sensuously on her torso.  The aroused
slave's clitoris was now fully erect, a good half an inch of its stiff pink
length now exposed from its foreskin, and her inner thighs were becoming
noticeably wet with the seeping juices of her inflamed sex swamp.  As her hips
rutted back and forth, and she displayed herself lewdly for her Master's
enjoyment, it seemed to the watchers that she was attempting to fornicate with
some invisible lover.

The slave pigswill now began to use his clever servile tongue on Master
Frederick in earnest.  He stopped merely teasing the Master's hanging testicles
with the tip of the talented tongue, and began to lap and lave the swollen eggs
with ever increasing passion.  His long, wet and hot tongue washed the pleasure
soaked eggs with single minded devotion.  He sucked the orbs deep into his mouth
and used the flat of his tongue to massage the root of the dominant's excited
scrotum, between the hanging testicles and his gaping anal ring.  After a while,
under such devoted ministrations by the slave's eager tongue, Master Frederick's
mighty penis began to jerk and pulsate while the sheer intensity of his pleasure
grew and grew.

The slave, perceiving this, transferred all of his lecherous attentions to
Master frederick's open and waiting anal ring.  He teased the rosebud for a few
seconds, moistening it with his abundant saliva, in readiness for the
introduction of his tongue.  When he was satisfied that the muscly ring was well
lubricated, and had began to pout and pulse with the Master's growing passion,
the servile slave drove at least two inches of his incredible tongue into the
humid hole, forcing it past the strong muscle of the anal ring as if it
presented no impediment at all.  Master Frederick's reaction was immediate and
obvious.  He gasped with delight at the sensation of a warm wriggling tongue
ploughing into his rear passage.

The animated slave lasciviously plunged his tongue in and out of the dominant's
elated anus for a few seconds before beginning to concentrate on his announced,
lewd speciality.  The rapt audience were treated to the deliciously depraved
sight of the slave's tongue disappearing deeply into the convulsing anus of the
aroused dominant.  The talented lingual organ could be seen to be wriggling
vigorously while the subservient male used it to massage the Master's writhing
prostate.  The effect on Master Frederick was electric.  The dominant's belly
began to tremble, his mighty thighs to shudder wildly, and his chest to heave
with his rapidly panting breath while his mounting pleasure was transformed into
blissful ecstasy.

The closer Master Frederick came to climax the more urgent became the slave's
attentions until his lips were glued to the dominant's pulsing anal ring and his
wriggling tongue was totally buried up the humid rectum.  Beads of perspiration
began to appear on Master Frederick's ebony skin and low rumblings of
uncontrolled bliss were being emitted from his now gaping mouth.  His huge slab
of penis was jerking, out of control, while he stared down at his own lewd
slave's lascivious display, while he experienced the absolute ecstasy induced by
the other slave's dynamic tongue working tirelessly in the depths of his
euphoric rectum.

Master Frederick's inevitable orgasm was heralded by a bellow of triumphant
ecstasy that literally erupted from his panting throat as he peaked.  The first
ejaculation of his semen was so strong that it almost straightened out the
condom fixed to the head of his jerking penis.  The climaxing dominant's penis
continued to spew it viscous white fluid for all of thirty seconds such was the
power of the orgasm the slave's talented tongue had coaxed from it.  All through
the cataclysmic orgasm slave pigswill kept his deeply buried tongue busy,
vigorously massaging the euphoric dominant's spasming prostate.  Slave sow let
herself go in a fit of depraved exhibitionism, shaking her massive breast mounds
until they were literally flying around on her slender torso, and rutting her
hips back and forth with such velocity that they were almost a blur of
continuous movement.

Neither slave slackened in their efforts for the entire duration of Master
Frederick's climax.  By the time his penis had ceased to gush the condom fixed
to its head was over half filled with the essence of his sated testicles, and
bulged with the weight of it as it hung from his still rigid organ.  The
Master's penis slowly began to wilt, and he collapsed back into the bizarre
chair in temporary exhaustion, drawing deep gasping breaths as he came down from
his cataclysmic high.  Slave sow also slowed her lewd rutting until her sweating
body was finally still once again.  Then she leant forward and carefully removed
the condom from her owner's softening sex pole, being sure not to spill even a
drop of the precious fluid it now contained.  With a look of utter worshipping
joy on her pretty face she lowered her head and lapped the head of the penis
clean with delicate strokes of her submissive tongue.

The lights illuminating the stage slowly dimmed as slave pigswill withdrew his
swollen aching tongue from Master Frederick's slack, and still distended anal
pout.  There was raucous applause from the assembly showing their appreciation
of the show they had just witnessed.  The club manageress appeared and
announced, "Master Frederick has indicated to me that he was satisfied with the
performance of pigswill, and that the slave is worthy of receiving his reward. 
Further, Masters and Mistresses,"  She continued, "Pigswill's Mistress is so
pleased with his performance, she has decided to allow him to jerk off while he
receives his prize.  Master Frederick has commanded slave sow to repeat her
litany of servitude to him for your listening enjoyment while her slave arse
hole is being used to grant pigswill his favour."

While these announcements were being made slave piglet, his mouth glued to one
of slave pussy's stiff little nipples, peaked over at Master Frederick and slave
sow.  Master Frederick was seated on a bar stool.  His voluptuous slave, sow,
was standing on her head next to the stool with her legs down the front of her
awkwardly balanced body, and her svelte, upturned bottom cheeks widely spread. 
Piglet watched while the dominant carefully fed the semen filled condom through
his slave's pouting anal ring and into her tight rectum, until only the rubber
ring at its base was visible outside her rosebud.  He then carefully inserted a
long, sharpened knitting needle into the condom buried in her rectum and
punctured it.  The Master then slowly withdrew the rubber while slave sow
clenched her anus tightly shut.  This, of course, squeezed out her Master's
semen and bathed the walls of her hot rectum with the creamy fluid.

As soon as the now empty condom popped free of her anus the lovely slave dropped
back to her hands and knees and crawled off towards the stage area.  Slave
piglet was jolted by a surge of adrenalin rushing through him when he realised
that the last act before he would be required to give his own performance was
about to begin.  His powdered cheeks blushed a pretty pink at the thought, and
shivered with pleasure while slave pussy washed one of his ears out with her
soft tongue.

When the stage lights came up once again the bizarre chair was still in place,
but had had its seat raised a good two feet higher.  A metal pole had been
screwed into the front of the seat and, attached to the top of this pole so that
it would be exactly adjacent to the face of a seated person, was a replica of
Master Frederick's mighty penis.  The fake penis was an exact copy of the
Masters in every respect, erect, black, heavily veined, capped with a massive
glans, and complimented with large moulded rubber testicles nestled at its base. 
Slave sow clambered up onto the chair.  Once seated her face was level with the
shiny black, life-like plastic penis.  Her wide eyes gazed at the beautiful
creation, shining with rapture.  Her svelte bottom cheeks were widely split,
baring her anal ring which showed clear evidence of the viscous white fluid from
her Master's penis beginning to trickle from it.

Slave pigswill crawled under the raised chair and knelt up, his stiff penis
arching out towards the audience.  He turned his face upwards so that his widely
gaping mouth was poised below the seated slave's distended anus. He then poked
his long tongue and wriggled it lecherously almost, but not quite touching sow's
anal ring with its pointed tip. Now the performance began.  Slave sow's belly
muscles rippled and small quantities of the well seasoned semen deposited in her
rectum began to drip from her pouting rosebud, over pigswill's drooling,
wriggling tongue, and into his eagerly welcoming mouth. While this was happening
pigswill closed his fist around his aching erection and began to pull it slowly
and erotically, being sure to sway and rut his hips for the further enjoyment
and amusement of the viewers.

At this point in proceedings slave sow began to speak in lust thickened, earthy
tones.  She recited what was almost like a religious ritual litany.  Indeed, for
the slave it was, for her dominator was her also her God, and it was obvious
from her adoring tones that she did indeed worship him with all her heart. Her
lewd and self-humiliating litany of adoration began:

I love this penis with all my heart
I adore this penis from the depths of my soul
I worship this penis with every fibre of my being
I exist to serve this penis with total devotion and utter obedience
I submit my whorish body to this penis' needs with no reservations

My fat udders ache with longing for the touch of this penis
My fat udders surge with joy when they feel the touch of this penis
My harlot clitoris yearns for the touch of this penis
My harlot clitoris stiffens and throbs with elation when it feels the touch of
this penis
My whore cunt hole longs to be stretched open and filled by this penis
My whore cunt hole floods with joy juice when it is stretched and filled by this
penis
My lecherous arsehole hungers to be crammed full of this penis
My lecherous arsehole palpitates with ecstasy when it is crammed full of this
penis
My lascivious mouth waters for the taste of this penis
My lascivious mouth is transported to paradise when stretched by this penis
My licentious tongue aches to touch this penis
My licentious tongue grows wild with delight when it laps this penis

My sow belly hungers for the cream from this penis
My sow belly shudders with bliss when it is fed the cream of this penis
My sow belly thirsts for the golden champagne of this penis
My sow belly vibrates in ecstasy when it drinks golden champagne from this penis
My lewd twat hole yearns to be bathed with the divine cream of this penis
My lewd twat hole spasms with rapture when it is drenched with the divine cream
from this penis
My obscene arsehole longs to be bathed with the sacred cream of this penis
My obscene arsehole pulses in elation when it is flooded with sacred the cream
from this penis

I pledge that I will be an utterly servile slave to this penis forever
I pledge that I will be a totally depraved and debauched slut for this penis
forever

I am transported to the depths of despair when not in the presence of this penis
I am lifted to the pinnacle of happiness when in the presence of this penis

My life only began when I first prostrated my harlot body before this
magnificent penis
My life only began when this penis opened my mind to what a depraved slut I am
My life only began when this penis accepted my complete submission to it
My life only began when this penis accepted me as its servile slave

This penis required that I become a slut for its entertainment and pleasure
I have become a joyfully depraved slut for this penis and am only happy when:

A penis (please let it be this penis) is cramming my sluttishly wanton mouth
A penis (please let it be this penis) is ploughing into my whore-like elatedly
lecherous cunt
A penis (please let it be this penis) is reaming out my lewd and lascivious
arsehole
A penis (please let it be this penis) is drowning me in a sea of its luscious
cream
A penis (please let it be this penis) is deluging me in an ocean of its golden
champagne

This penis required that I become its servile slave serving its every whim with
all my being
I have become an utterly submissive and grovelling fawning slave to this penis
and am only happy when:

My slave mouth is submitting to, and worshipping this penis
My slave cunt hole is submitting to, and adoring this penis
My slave arsehole is submitting to, and revering this penis

I shall always remain in slave nirvana and slut paradise when permitted to gaze
upon this, my adored owner's penis which I exist to love and cherish and to
serve with every fibre of my being.

With each supplication the gorgeously submissive slave bent her beautiful face
forward and reverently kissed the head of the life-like penis replica she was
worshipping in a display of rapturous religious fervour.  All through her abject
litany she continued to feed the avidly slurping tongue of slave pigswill with
the bountiful issue of the real penis she so adored.  As soon as all of the
creamy, rectally seasoned fluid capable of doing so had dripped from her pouting
anus, the lust crazed slave raised his face slightly, and speared the pulsing
anal ring deeply so that his long, agile tongue could clean the piquant walls of
the slave's hot rectum to ensure he was not robbed of even one drop of the rich,
spicy cream he so craved, and felt that his earlier performance had earned.

All the while the slave pulled his own stiff, aching penis, increasing the pace
of his grasping fist until it was almost a blur, racing up and down his jerking
lust pole.  His throbbing penis began to spurt its own juices at the exact
moment slave sow completed her lewd litany, and his tongue was buried to the
absolute maximum depth in her spasming rectum while it gushed obscenely.  His
white creamy issue arched through the air from the tip of his ecstatic organ
with each mighty contraction of his shattering climax, to the thunderous
applause of the viewers until, finally, he was spent.  His aching tongue slipped
from the knotty anal ring of his fellow slave while the lights over the dais
dimmed.
Mistress Lotta looked down at slave piglet to see his cheeks already beginning
to flush crimson as his mind registered the fact that his own moment of truth
had finally arrived.  "It's your turn, little piglet!" She cried excitedly,
reaching down into her bag and retrieving a large shoe box.  "You may go and
assist the piglet to set up the stage for his act, pussy."  Mistress Desire said
to her slave.  "Come back quickly, though, for I'm sure that Mistress Lotta will
want to have her pussy sucked while she watches her slave perform for us."  The
two slaves crawled off, the box being carried by means of a small handle held
between slave piglet's teeth.

While the two slaves crawled to the darkened performing area piglet's heart
raced with a mixture of slavish delight, and delicious humiliation.  His long,
trapped penis aching in the cramped confines of its restricting cone making
futile attempts to stiffen, and his packed rectum squeezed its invading plug
passionately, in anticipation of the coming enchanting degradation he was about
to experience.  When the two reached the stage slave piglet selected a small,
ornate pedestal from a small storage area at the rear of the dais and then
crawled up the couple of steps to the raised floor.  He placed the pedestal, a
small altar really, in the centre of the circular performance area and then
reverently opened the small box his Mistress had given him.

While he was thus engaged slave pussy took the tiny key she had been given and
used it to unlock his cone.  Slave piglet, with a display of total reverence,
lifted the shiny leather, stiletto heeled pump from the box and placed it on the
pedestal.  While doing this he whispered, with totally worshipful fervour, "Oh,
glorious shoe that has known the presence of sweet Mistress Lotta's beautiful
foot, I beg you to forgive me, her devoted piglet, for soiling your luxurious
leather with the scum from my spewing worm.  My heart is bursting with sorrow at
so foully defiling your glory with my vile worm scum, and I beg your mercy.  I
will love and adore you forever, worshipped, shoe fob whom I exist to adore with
all my being."

Slave pussy leant forward, her brain buzzing with excitement at hearing slafe
piglet's obsequious platitude to the shoe, and kissed his bulging testicles, and
the scarlet painted head of his still captive penis.  Just before she left she
whispered in his ear, "Darling piglet, I can't wait to see your worm gush its
succulent cream.  Please keep some of it in your mouth when you clean up, so
that I can have a taste when you get back to the Mistresses."  Slave piglet
flushed with pleasure at her entreaty and nodded that he would.  The tiny
transsexual slave then crawled off the stage and returned to the dominants'
alcove.

The club's announcer then introduced slave piglet, "Friends, we have the
pleasure of being entertained by slave piglet.  It is his debut performance as
he has only recently been introduced to the joys of submission, and has become
the property of Lotta.  She has informed me that, while he is only in the
infancy of his training, he is coming along quite well as a slave.  We will, no
doubt, be able to judge for ourselves soon if this is so.  He is going to jerk
off for us, after he has introduced himself, and explained to us the rules Lotta
has instituted for him when he is permitted to squirt his ball scum."  She then
left and the stage and its lights slowly came up, illuminating a kneeling slave
who had his unwavering gaze firmly focused on the shoe perched on the pedestal
before him.

"I am slave piglet!"  He announced, his voice betraying a tremor induced by his
growing lust, or was it his acute embarrassment.  "I am owned by the beautiful
Mistress Lotta who has favoured me by accepting me as her sexual and bondage
slut and slave.  I now, and will forever more, adore, worship, submit to, and
mindlessly serve her with every fibre of my being. From time to time my stunning
Mistress desires to see my worm spit for her entertainment, and to re-enforce my
continuous humiliation and degradation.  This marvellous shoe that is before me
was once worn by the exquisite foot of my adorable Mistress and, as such, is an
object that I worship with all my heart.  From the moment that I surrendered my
life to my dazzling Mistress my worm has not been permitted to squirt unless I
am able to ctare, in total awe, at this shoe, and for the rest of my existence
it will never spit unless my adoringly gaze is able to be fixed on the sacred
shoe.  I am forever filled with mortified shame for, whenever my worm gushes by
my own hand I have been commanded to splash its spit on the glorious surface of
the idolised shoe, defiling its divine leather with my obscene dregs.  I must
forever beg the forgiveness of the hallowed shoe for desecrating it through this
degenerate deed."

By the time slave piglet had completed his humiliating introduction there was a
buzz of excitement among the club's patrons.  They watched the kneeling chattel
carefully unscrew his penis cone from his chastity belt and work it off his limp
organ.  A gasp of delight was heard when a few seconds later the large sex pole
snapped to throbbing erection, with such force that its scarlet painted head
slapped audibly against his vibrating belly leaving a smear of gloss on the
satiny smooth skin.  He reached down with one hand and closed his fist around
the pulsating stem, about mid way up its length and began, slowly and
sensuously, to stroke it up and down with long, full strokes.

Slave piglet began to roll his hips and slowing rut his crotch back and forth in
a depraved parody of sexual lust, while he erotically masturbated his massive
penis for the entertainment and amusement of the viewers.  His actions slowly
gathered pace as time went on, while he religiously kept his awed stare firmly
focused on the shoe perched on its pedestal before him.  His mouth gaped open
with wanton lust, and his chest began to heave as his climax approached.  His
fist pulled and jerked at his burgeoning penis with ever increasing fervour and
his hips rutted with growing lecherousness.  Finally, he reared up on his knees,
his body gleaming with sweat from his exertions, and bent his pleasure filled
stem out so its drooling head was poised over the toe of the shoe.

Huge gobs of sticky, hot cream began to gush from the slit in the swollen head
of the slave's penis, and splash down on the shiny black leather of the shoe. 
The penis poured out its musky juice for almost twenty seconds, completely
flooding the rich supple surface of the shoe.   Throughout his orgasm the slave
cried out in begging, pleading tones, "Oh, glorious shoe that has known the
presence of sweet Mistress Lotta's beautiful foot, I beg you to forgive me, her
devoted piglet, for soiling your luxurious leather with the scum from my spewing
worm.  My heart is bursting with sorrow at so foully defiling your glory with my
vile worm scum, and I beg your mercy.  I will love and adore you forever,
worshipped, shoe for whom I exist to adore with all my being."

The applause was deafening as the slave bent down and began to lap his own semen
up from the shoe's drenched surface with absolute concentration and devotion. 
When he was almost finished the lights began to dim.  Slave piglet made sure
that he kept a liberal quantity of his musky juice in his mouth while he
meticulously packed his wilting penis back into the leather cone, and locked it
in place.  He then crawled from the stage and returned to his Mistress.  As soon
as he arrived, carrying the shoe with his teeth.  Mistress Lotta beckoned him to
her with a knowing smile playing on her lips.  Piglet noticed, with a pang of
jealousy, that her face was flushed, obviously from the erotic attentions of
slave pussy's clever tongue while he had been performing.

"Did you enjoy that, little piglet?"  She asked.  Slave piglet's reply was
somewhat muffled as his mouth was still half filled with his semen.  "You
incorrigible little devil,"  she laughed, having immediately perceived the
reason for his slurred speech.  "But slave pussy's little tongue did delight me
while I watched you, so she deserves to have a small reward."  The two slaves
kissed deeply, their agile tongues duelling sensuously while slave pussy
relished the rich taste of her fellow chattel's musky testicle juice.  While the
two slaves were thus engaged Master Frederick wandered over to the little
group's alcove.

"So this is the little piglet, Lotta,"  He commented, looking down at the slave. 
"Quite an impressive performance.  In fact my sow was rapturously impressed.  I
do believe she has already fallen in love with him.  We must get them together
soon to see how well they can perform for us."  The dominators passed some more
idle pleasantries while slave piglet flushed with eager anticipation at the
thought of performing excitingly debauched acts with the ravishing slave sow. 
He noticed that slave pussy was wriggling her cute little body in an attempt to
break their embrace and, reluctantly, let her go.  The little slave immediately
prostrated herself before the huge Master.  After a few frustrating minutes for
her she was given permission to greet the Master by her Mistress.

The tiny slave reared up on her knees and gazed lovingly at the long, thick ropy
organ hanging so alluring between the ebony Master's muscular thighs.  "Please,
Master Frederick, may this slave have the privilege of kissing the divine
testicles that were the first to feed her belly with succulent man juice?" 
Master Frederick nodded down at the kneeling submissive in the affirmative and
she immediately raised her pretty face upwards and, with infinite devotion,
placed a tender kiss on each of his hairy, dangling orbs.  "Please, Master
Frederick, may this slave have the privilege of kissing the stem of the divine
penis that was the first to stretch open her man-cunt ring, ream out her
man-cunt sleave, and flood her man-cunt hole with boiling man cream?"  Having
been given approval slave pussy lovingly kissed up and down the length of the
thick penis, joy shining in her eyes the whole time. Finally she pleaded, 
"Please, Master Frederick, may this slave have the privilege of kissing the head
of the divine penis that was the first to plumb the depths of her adoring
throat, and flood it with delicious man cream and luscious penis champagne?" 
Master Frederick chuckled lecherously as he gave her permission to proceed, and
she, almost swooning with submissive delight, kissed the ripe purple head of the
hanging penis all over its satiny surface.  When she had completed her devotions
she cried out, "Oh!  Thank you Master Frederick.  Thank you for allowing this
slave to show her adoration of your sacred testicles and heavenly penis!"

The little slave dropped back to her kneeling position and looked, expectantly
up at her Mistress with a pleading gaze.  "All in good time, pussy."  Mistress
Desire said, and the dominants continued their conversation, ignoring the slaves
all together.  After an hour or so, and several drinks, and two more
performances, the first involving two female slaves in an erotic display of
lesbian sex and the second two males in a similarly lecherous display, they
turned their attention back to the cuddling slaves. While the conversation had
been taking place slave piglet noticed that Master Frederick's slave, sow, was
still kneeling next to his bar stool.  He shivered with lust, and sympathetic
humiliation, seeing that her marvellous bottom was raised high, and that she was
swaying the voluptuous, nude cheeks around sensually at their group across the
room.  More excitingly servile was thu fact that she had her beautiful face
buried in the inside of her Master's discarded black leather cod piece, and was
breathing in the carnal aromas of his genitals still lingering in the erotic
warment.

Slave piglet's wandering mind was brought back into focus by the deep voice of
the majestic black dominant, "Well, slave piglet, I see that my sow is impressed
with you.  See how she is waving her fat arse slabs around for your benefit." 
Slave piglet blushed crimson, not knowing how to react.  He was saved by the
Master, "Do you like my corpulent sow, little piglet?"  Slave piglet stammered
out his answer, "YYYYes, Master Frederick, she's lovely."  The Master continued,
"Why don't you crawl over to her and show us how much you like her.  I'm sure
that she is quite beside herself with anxiety, as I told her before I came over
that she was required to attract your attention with her depraved display, and
that if you didn't show her that you liked what you saw, she would have failed
me and incurred my displeasure."  Slave piglet raised his face and glanced
eagerly at Mistress Lotta, waiting for her permission to leave before he went
off.  Needless to say, it was readily given.

Slave piglet set off, on hands and knees, across the room towards the erotically
swaying buttocks.  His heart was pounding with lustful excitement, his own
submissive sixth sense ensuring that he minced his own bare bottom sexily as he
crawled, for he knew that the other dominants in the room might be watching and
he didn't want to embarrass his own Mistress by not behaving as lecherously as a
lascivious sex slave sxould.  When he arrived he wasted no time in turning his
attention to those alluring, seductive, rolling bottom mounds.  He kissed them
continually until his lips had covered every centimetre of their smooth pale
skin.  Then he kissed the leather strap that split the shapely hemispheres right
over the hole it hid from his sight, disappointed that he was not able to
passionately kiss the crinkled rosebud itself.

While slave piglet lavished his devoted attention on her waving buttocks slave
sow sighed with pleasure lapping lewdly at the richly aromatic inderior of her
Master's crotch pouch.  She was so relieved that the slave she had not yet met
approved of her and therefore she would not be incurring her Master's wrath. 
She had been captivated by slave piglet during his performance on the stage and
she knew that she was going to love him with all her heart.  She was glad of
this, for she knew that her Master, and slave piglet's Mistress had plans for
the two of them.  She easily ascertained from the tender and devoted attentions
of slave piglet that he wac smitten with her also, and not just performing
because he had been commanded to by her Master or His Mistress.  While she would
perform any act, no matter how depravet and debauched, that her Master commanded
her to, she was happy that they obviously already shared an affection for each
other which would serve to ensure that they needed no artificial encouragement
when permitted to perform for their owners.  They would do so with truly joyful
depravity and acceptance, and with ever increasing lasciviousness and joyfully
elatedly licentious passion.

Slave piglet's Mistress called out for him to return, and he reluctantly placed
one final kiss on slave sow's glorious0bottom then crawled back to the group,
again kneeling before his Mistress to await her pleasure.  Slave pussy was still
crouched at her Mistress' feet when slave piglet returned, but her wide eyes
were firmly focused on the huge black dominant's massive genitals.  After
another seemingly indeterminant interval, during which and exhibition of
depraved sexual acrobatics was performed by a male and female slave on the
stage, Mistress Desire looked down at her little serf and said, "You may make
your request, little pussy."

Slave pussy almost reared up on her knees with eagerness at this long awaited
moment.  She bent low and kissed the toes of Master Frederick's shiny black
boots.  She then gazed, adoringly, up his towering body at his imperious face
and gasped, "Oh, darling Master Frederick.  Over the next week I am going to
lose my worm and marbles, and am going to be given a new girl-cunt complete with
girl-cock.  I beg you, adored Master.  Please, please, grant me the incomparable
privilege of having your sacred penis be the first to fuck my new girl-cunt.  I
promise to perform like the most depraved and lecherous whore slut imaginable
for you if you accord me this unrivalled blessing and let your divine penis be
the first to ravish my lewd and wanton cunt hole.  I beg you, Master Frederick,
with all my heart!"  The Master laughed down at the pleading chattel and said,
"With a supplication like that, how can I refuse.0 But I warn you, you little
harlot, I expect you to be equally as fervent when the time comes to offer me
your twat, or it will be both the first and last dime you'll feel my cock in
you."

"Oh yes, sweet Master,"  Slave pussy cried.  "I will be the most lewd and
lascivious whore yoe have ever seen.  I long to feel your long, thick, hot,
stiff penis stretching my new harlot twat so much that my slave heart aches." 
As soon as this lustful, and erotically exciting conversation was complete slave
pussy resumed her position at her Mistress' feet, her pretti face beaming with
delight.  Mistress Lotta then joined in with her own suggestion, directed to her
slave, "Little piglet, don't you too have a request to make of Master
Frederick?"

Clave piglet's mind was momentarily confused.  What could Mistress Lotta mean. 
Then it hit him like a hammer blow.  He flushed scarlet with embarrassment as he
realised that he still had a bodily orifice that had not known the presence of a
penis.  He kneg then the real reason for the butt plugs that adorned his
chastity belt, and, in particular, why they had been steadily replaced with ever
bigger ones every week or so.  He gathered up his wits and approached the
standing Master.  Like his slave predecessor, he bent down and kissed his boots,
then gazed up at his face with what he prayed was a sufficiently reverent and
yet wanton gaze.

"Exalted Master Frederick,"  he cried in a voice cracking with both lust and
extreme humiliation. "Mistress Lotta has not had my virgin arse pit fucked by a
virile and dominant penis yet."  His mind was working overtime to think of ways
to debace himself further as he spoke, so that his Mistress would find pleasure
in his growing shame.  "Because of my own profligate behaviour, prior to being
granted the ultimate privilege of becoming my Mistress' property, she had to
offer the virginity of my mouth and throat to another penis in order to redeem a
debt I had incurred.  For this I will always be eternally repentant, both
because of txe inconvenience I caused her, and because I am not able to offer
you a virgin gullet to debase with your marvellous penis, for your pleasure." 

The slave was getting into the spirit of his degradation by this time, and his
voice clearly betrayed his growing lust.  "I beg you, Master Frederick, please
forgive me and allow me to worship you with such devotion as to earn the reward
of being able to feel your magnificent penis stretch my perverted arse ring and
ravish my lustfully yearning arse pit.  I swear I will work with all the
depraved and debauched eagerness of my slave being to lavish the pleasure a
beautiful, and commanding penis such as yours deserves should you favour me by
plunging it up my slut arse hole!"  By the time he had completed his abjectly
demeaning, yet terribly exciting and delicioucly humiliating plea, slave
piglet's chest was heaving with passion, and his wide eyes were chining with
submissive enthusiasm.

Master Frederick was pleased with the degree of servile humility in the slave's
entreaty, and so agreed to accommodate him, warning him that his performance as
a slave whore, had better be up to scratch too if he was to expect to continue
to be favoured by his attention.  Needless to say, slave piglet was eager in his
assurances that this woeld be so.  It was almost time for the final act of the
night's entertainment, a group session with a half a dozen slaves of either sex. 
Before it commenced the dominants made use of the club's conveniences.  While
they were away pussy and piglet were ordered to emulate the actions of Master
Frederick's voluptuous slave, by raising their bottoms high and swaying the nude
cheeks seductively for the amusement of the other dominants scattered around the
room.

As soon as the dominants returned the slaves were permitted to relieve
themselves also, and were ordered to collect slave sow on the way.  They happily
crawled off, picking up the other slafe as they went.  Slave piglet could not
wait to get to the rest room so he could finally talk to his fellow slaves. He
was anxious, and yet still apprehensive at what slave sow's reaction to him
really was.  He prayed, silently, that she would not reject him completely, for
he was already quite smitten by her, and wac sure that his heart would break
should she not accept him as, at the minimum, a slave peer with whom she could
happily perform with in exhibitions of wanton lust and submissive deprafity.  He
needn't have worried.

Once the three slaves were safely in the relatife security, and privacy, of the
slave's bathroom all three rose to their feet.  Slave sow immediately hugged
slave piglet and glued her lips to his in a passionate, searing soul kiss, while
she cbushed her naked, opulent breasts against his chest.  Slave piglet joyfully
returned both her embrace, and her kiss, running his hands over her svelte
nudity and cupping her marvellous bottom cheeks with passion and denderness. 
Minutes later it seemed, they finally broke the kiss and gazed into each others
eyes with emotion bordering on love.  Slave pussy, somewhat peeved at being left
out of all this, commented wryly, "Well it seems that you two are going to hit
it off, anyway. Just as well from what I hear, considering what your owners have
in store for you."

Slave sow gathered the tiny transsexual serf up in her arms and kissed her just
as passionately as she had slave piglet, as much to persuade her not to rat on
them to their owners, as to mollify her for the earlier omission.  When they
broke the kiss the intensity of emotion in their shining eyes was not the same
as it had been between sow and piglet, but was still clearly evident.  What was
obvious, however, was that0slave pussy was equally as smitten with slave piglet
as slave sow so obviously was.  Slave piglet hoped that this was not to be the
precursor of trouble ahead through rising jealoesies.  Again he need not have
worried, for he was to learn that jealousy was definitely not an emotion slaves
were permitted to indulge in.

"Please, sweet pussy,"  Slave sow pleaded.  "Tell us what our Master and
Mistress have in store for us/"  "Not on your life!"  Slave pussy cried, not
without a little petulance, getting back at the others for ignoring her earlier. 
"I would get into serious trouble with our owners if I told, but I'll give you a
little hint.  You'll be seeing quite a bit of each other in the future."

This revelation filled both slaves with joy and the again hugged, this time
making sure to include little slave pussy in their passionate embrace.  Slave
piglet caressed and squeezed slave sow's enormous breasts and tweaked her stiff
nipples while the three kissed.  Slave pussy fondled slave piglet's bulging,
cmooth testicles while slave sow petted the glistening head of his captive
penis.  When the kisses broke she whispered in his ear, "I can't believe how
cuch a big prick fits into this little cone piglet, darling." All this served to
do was to make the excited piglet only too aware of the struggle taking place in
the tight confines of the cone, and his compressed penis began aching with the
frustrated need to stiffen with his ever growing sexual excitement.

"Quick!  We had better hurry, or Mistress will come looking for us."  Slave
pussy gasped, her own growing lust showing up in her trembling voice.  The
slaves quickly relieved themselves, checked and repaired their make-up, and
crawled back out into the club proper, just as the final obscenely erotic
performance was concluding.  They dropped slave sow off at her Master's bar
stroll and crawled on back to their owners' alcove.  As soon as they arrived
Master Frederick said his good evenings and left.

It was getting quite late, so Mictress Desire and Mistress Lotta too decided it
was time to go home. The group left the room, collected their c|oaks, and took
dhe lift down to the underground car park. On the trip home Mistress Lotta was
silent, barely acknowledging the presence of her slave kneeling on the floor of
the vehicle next to her.  Slave piglet was becoming quite worried that he had
displeased her.  Nothing could have been further from the truth, as he would
soon find out once they were safely back home.

As soon ac they arrived, and the shoe was again placed in its small shrine, with
the appropriate devotions uttered by slave pigled, he attended his Mistress with
her abletions in dutiful fashion.  First undressing her, being sure that his
hands did not touch any of the intimate areas of her voluptuous body where they
were strictly forbidden to ever venture, then attended to her bath, waching and
drying her voluptuous body with all the care and devotion of which he was
capable.  Once he had finished Mistress Lotta donned a gossamer negligee over
her stunning nudity and left the bathroom, saying as she went, "Attend to your
own cleanliness, little piglet.  And come to me as soon as you are finished." As
she disappeared from view her parting comment made slave piglet flush with
elation, "Oh, by the way, leave the cone of your chastity belt off when you come
back.  You can put it back in place after I've finished with you."

Slave piglet's heart raced with eager anticipation of what was still to come on
this, his most exciting evening in captivity to date, while he attended to his
own hygiene.  He removed his chastity belt, unlocking it with a small key that
Mistress Lotta had left with him for that express purpose, showered, shaved
carefully, meticuloesly re-applied his make-up, and finally re-dressed in a new
slave costume. He sighed with pleasure while sliding the quite subctantially
sized plug up his anus and into his welcoming rectum, quickly worked his fat
testicles through the elastic hole in the crotch strap, and his long, thick,
limp penis throegh its hole, and finally fastened the crotch strap to the front
of the belt and locked it in place.  The excited slave touched up the rouge on
his bulging testicles, then got to his knees and prepared to re-enter his
Mistress' presence.

When slave piglet was permitted to enter Mistress Lotta's presence, or anyone
else's for that matter, without the pink leather cone capturing and crushing the
stem of his penis, he had to do so in the following fashion.  He spread his
knees on the bathroom floor until the head of his drooping penis almost grazed
the cool tiles.  He then reached back with his hands and grasped his stocking
clad ankles firmly.  This caused his back to arch, and his groin to thrust out
wantonly.  He then began to shuffle into the bedroom in this awkward fashion,
his ungainly gait causing his drooping penis, flopped over his pink tinted
testicles, to sway back and forth between his taut thighs.  When they had
company, and he was allowed to enter his superiors' presence un-coned she had
even taught him to roll his hips seductively as he shuffled, so that his sex was
submitted to them even more lecherously, and thus his own acete humiliation was
more complete.

Slave piglet's heart leapt with joy when he saw that Mistress Lotta had shed her
negligee, and was seated, gloriously nude, in her full worship throne.  His
heart was not the only thing that leapt in that instant.  His massive penis
swelled and hardened with startling rapidity while his eyes drank in the
bewitching sight of his ravishing Mistress' naked charms.  The long organ moved
in non stop motion, from limp tube almost touching the floor, to a rigid,
throbbing column of unadulterated carnal desire arching up perpendicularly from
his trembling groin.  The spongy fleshed, scarlet painted head capping the
upright pole of lust visibly pulsed with the slave's passion, and leaked small
droplets of the evidence of his lascivious arousal from its tiny slit.  All in
all the slave presented a most delightful picture of submissive humiliation and
sexually aroused degradation.  A state he longed to be in, and one his Mistress
delighted in seeing him in.

"Come before me, little piglet."  Mistress Lotta ordered her flushed chattel. 
While he shuffled into the position required she peered down at his fawning body
with a glow of pride at his submissiveness and servile nature, revelling in the
knowledge that he yearned to demean himself in such delightful fashions so that
he could please her, and that he would do anything to earn her praise.  When he
was in position she asked him, "Tell me what your stiff little worm feels?  And
explain to me just why you have pebmitted it to leak scum from its trash slit?"

Slave piglet flushed scarlet at these words.  His pulse raced wildly and he
gasped out, slowly swaying his leaking column of depraved, pounding sex meat at
his owner in a display of servile craving, "Darling Mistress!"  He cried. "My
puny worm throbs with lascivious excitement because you have permitted me to
gaze at your magnificent bare breasts with their deliciously succulent nipples. 
Sweet Mistress!"  He continued, "My sdunted worm pulsates in licentious joy
because you are allowing me to stare in awe at the stunningly beautiful cheeks
of you gorgeous naked bottom, and the mouth-watering hole that nestles so
invitingly between them.  Precious Mistress!"  The grovelling slave concluded,
"My tiny worm pulses with lewd elation because I am being given the privilege of
seeing you ravishing vulva, delicious vagina and divine clitoris in all their
wonderful nudity.  I beg you, regal Mistress, forgive my ungrateful worm for
leaking its trash from its slit.  I am so overcome with joy at the sight of your
sumptuous charms that I am unable to control its unruly behaviour.  If it
pleases you, sublime Mistress, sentence my repulsive worm to captivity forever
for allowing itself to display such foul and indecent conduct in your
incomparable presence."

The contrite chattel held his breath when he had finished, praying that his
Mistress would not take his plea for enforced celibacy too literacy.  She
laughed down at his frown of anxiety and said, "Don't worry, little piglet, I
like to see it gush too much for me to inflict that on it, but be assured, it
will remain captive, and celibate, for some time after this misdemeanour.  You
have to learn to control it so you wont disgrace me in the company of my peers." 
The Mistress, herself flushed with arousal by this time continued, "Now, piglet,
I desire full worship, top, bottom, and front.  I will signify the time for you
to change by laying a finger on your brow.  Begin at once, for I am mightily
horny after tonight's exciting activities, and I require my pleasure to be
bounteous and lasting!"

Slave piglet literally radiated joy at his Mistress' request.  How lucky he was
to have a Mistress who permitted worship of her bountiful charms so frequently. 
He straightened his lean, muscular torso so his face drew level with her
thrusting breasts and cried,  "Darling Mistress Lotta, piglet begs you from the
depths of his servile soul, permit his adoring lips and tongue to worship and
give pleasure to your marvellous, magnificent breasts and their glorious
succulent nipples."  "You may!"  She responded quickly.  Slave piglet craned his
face forward and began to kiss Mistress Lotta's right breast over and over.  He
covered every square centimetre of the huge mound with devoted kisses, and then
proceeded to repeat this all over again, continuing until he had kissed all of
the massive hillock's creamy skin more times than he could remember.  He then
started all over again on the pleasure filled breast, this time sensuously
licking it with his warm soft tongue.  Finally he concentrated on the huge,
stiff, meaty nipple that capped the enormous mound of breast flesh.  His elation
surged as he kissed the crinkled bud fondly, only to peak even higher when he
finally lapped the throbbing nubbin and took it into his hot, wet mouth and
suckled it passionately.  He kept this up until he felt the light touch of
Mistress Lotta's finger on his forehead.

Slave piglet then repeated all this sensuous attention to her other immense
breast, and its equally swollen nipple.  Mistress Lotta sighed with contentment
as she uxperienced the delicious pleasure of her slave's eager lips and sinuous
tongue on her bliss filled mounds until her teats ached with delirious pleasure. 
She finally tired of his attentions to her breast, or was it because she was
impatient for greater sensatyons to come, and touched slave piglet's brow again.

The lust filled serf leant back and cried out with growing elation obvious in
his voice, "Darling Mistress Lotta, may piglet worship, adore, and pleasure your
beautiful, exquisite bottom and ravishingly luscious anus and rectum with his
lips and tongue.  Please, please, sweet Mistress Lotta, piglet implores you to
permit him to serve you in this most cherished manner with all his slavish
being."  Permission to proceed was forthcoming immediately.  The slave
manoeuvred his erotically clad body around so that his face was poised below the
domatrix's drooping buttocks.  He was sure do keep his groin open to her view
for he knew how much it enhanced her pleasure to contemplate his achingly rigid
penis, to revel in her total control over it, on the rare occasions she had it
freed while he serviced her desires.

He kissed and licked her large buttocks as he had her breasts before, covering
their entire expanse over and over.  He then, blushing with shame, turned his
attention to the humid crack between the split cheeks with its spicy aroma, and
piquant flavour.  He savoured his feeling of submissive jubilation while he
tenderly kissed his way up and down the length of the carnal crevasse, his pulse
rate quickening each time his pursed lips touched the pouting ring centred deep
in the fleshy canyon.  His tongue soon began to lap at the depths of the
sensuous crack with ever increasing passion, at first avoiding the little ring
of muscle protecting the hole to increase his Mistress' sense of anticipation.

Before too long, however, the slave's own growing excitement became too much for
him to bear, and the Mistress' too, one would suspect, and he began to
delicadely trace the edges of that alluring ring with the tip of his tongue.  He
teased the pulsing muscle maddeningly for what seemed an eon, and Mistress
Lotta's buttocks had begun to squirm with desire.  Sensing that she was growing
impatient for more overt attentions, slave piglet proceeded to the next stage of
his well practiced service, and wetly lapped the ring of his domatrix's piquant
anus, thrilling to its erotic tang.  He lapped and suckled the intimate rim with
avid lips and tongue, building up to the inefitable climax of this particular
service rapidly.  When he sensed the time was right he stiffened his long tongue
and drove it deeply into his Mistress' yearning back passage.  Mistress Lotta
squealed with delight while her slave's tongue wriggled around in her spasming
rectum and his lips were glued to her pouting anal ring.  While the Mistress
savoured her pleasure slave piglet relished the slightly rancid, but infinitely
delicious flavour of her anus flooding his questing tongue.  He soon began to
concentrate on massaging his Mistress' writhing prostate with his tongue,
increasing her delight tenfold.  Her bottom rolled and wriggled, and the seeping
juices from her now gaping vagina dripped down onto the slave's heaving chest
while the intensity of her pleasure grew until it became difficult for the slave
to keep his busy tongue buried deeply enough up the pulsing hole to work its
magic without him placing his hands on her flesh, a strictly forbidden act
outside the bathroom.  But many hours of diligent practice had built up his
expertise to the extent where he almost never lost contact when performing this
most intimate and thrilling service.  He continued tirelessly, while Mistress
Lotta enjoyed, until her own cresting lust forced her to touch his brow for the
last time.

Slave piglet reared back on his knees, his tongue still savouring the flavours
of the anus and rectum it had so devotedly worshipped and cried out to his
highly aroused owner, "Darling Mistress Lotta, may your piglet have the
unrivalled privilege of being permitted to use his lips and tongue to worship,
adore, and pleasure your glorious vulva, succulent vagina and wonderful,
mouth-watering clitoris. Please precious Mistress Lotta, your piglet begs and
pleads with all his bursting heart."  Mistress Lotta was bidding him to continue
almost before the echo of his supplication had faded, and he went to work with a
gusto.

Slave piglet's heart and mind were filled with the most divine happiness as he
went about the task that had become his sole purpose for being.  Feelings of
total joy surged through the kneeling slave while his lips kissed his Domatrix's
mound, pubic hair and plump sex lips.  Deliciously submissive delight filled him
as he breathed the luscious aroma her sex exuded, a luscious ambience that soon
controlled his reeling senses until it dominated all else.  Slave piglet kept up
this erotic teasing for an indeterminate time until his Mistress was shaking
with pleasure and little squeals of delight were erupting from her gasping mouth
as she fought for breath.

Slave piglet's own excitement grew to a crescendo as he performed his ultimate
service.  He could no longer wait and his tongue ploughed into the sopping meat
of Mistress Lotta's swampy sex.  His taste buds were drenched with her succulent
flavours.  He lapped her essence up with religious fervour plunging his tongue
deeply into her flooded vagina and massaging its writhing silky walls with avid
enthusiasm.  Slave piglet was in submissive paradise.  Nothing could describe
the sense of utter happiness he experienced while his tongue worshipped his
owner's divine woman sex.  His nose teased her rigid clitoris relentlessly all
the time his tongue was buried up her silky hole.

Slave piglet, his brain buzzing with elation and his entire universe taken up
with his Mistress's ravishing sex, transferred the attentions of his tongue to
her clitoris.  He lapped the throbbing bud and suckled it passionately with lips
and tongue that never seemed to tire, and had an in-built instinct that saw them
never leave the target of their adoration, no matter how vigorous and
uncontrolled the domatrix's hip movements became as her orgasm approached. 
Slave piglet's tongue became even more lascivious in its endeavours and the
clitoris it worshipped grew even stiffer and throbbed with ever increasing lust
until, with her shrieks of ecstasy reverberating around the room, Mistress Lotta
climaxed with shattering intensity.  Her clitoris jumped and jerked in her
slave's hot mouth and her essence began to flow copiously from her brimming
font.

Slave piglet wildly lapped at her flowing hole, scooping up her vaginal cream
with his elated tongue and swallowing it down as if it were the ambrosia of the
gods, the elixir of angels, which to him, of course, it was.  The juices flowed
out of the climaxing vagina for what seemed like ages to the feeding slave.  He
drank deeply, not wasting a precious drop, and when it seemed that her well had
run dry he quickly brought his tireless and consummately talented tongue back
into play on her spasming clitoris and teased the pulsing bud of pleasure until
she gushed again, and fed him anew with her luscious elixir.  He alternated back
and forth between convulsing vagina and pulsating clitoris, until Mistress Lotta
had climaxed six times and was nearing exhaustion from sheer ecstasy. 
Eventually she cried out, "Enough! precious piglet.  Enough!  Your Mistress has
no more cream to give, you delightful little slut." and she collapsed back into
the seat, breasts heaving as she gasped for breath.

Slave piglet knelt back on his haunches, his joy at so pleasing his Mistress,
and thus gaining her praise, making him glow with contentment.  After a few
minutes Mistress Lotta re-gained her breath to some extent, and her sated body
became less and less agitated.  She looked down at the kneeling slave, his huge
penis still arching out stiffly from his groin and said, "You were so good,
little piglet, that I am going to reward you by allowing your worm to spit.  Get
your shoe, quickly now!"

Slave piglet blushed with humiliated elation and crawled to the shrine that
housed the holy shoe.  He reverently took the sensuous shoe in his hands and
returned to his Mistress, laid it at her feet, and bowed his head so that his
gaze was firmly fixed on the sexy pump.  "I'm tired, piglet, so you must come
after only two strokes.  Don't disappoint me."  Slave piglet shuddered with
dread.  This was the quickest she had ever made him be.  He stared down at his
throbbing penis, leaking copiously by this time, and gathered his concentration
for the difficult task ahead.

He grasped the base of his aching stem firmly in his right hand and,
excruciatingly slowly, stroked it up to the head of the organ.  While he brought
the fist back down to its base again, his penis pulsed with pleasure.  By the
time he had stroked it up for the second time his climax was rushing towards him
and he gasped with a mixture of peaking pleasure and joyous happiness at the
thought that he was going to again please his Mistress.  While he stroked his
fist back down to the base of his pulsating organ he bent it down so its swollen
head was poised over the toe of the shoe.

Slave piglet sighed in ecstasy when his fist again encountered his pelvic bone,
and his rectum squeezed its large invader savagely while huge gobs of sex cream
began to gush from the tip of his climaxing penis and splash down onto the toe
of the high heeled pump.  While his penis flowed the gasping slave cried out in
submissive ecstasy, "Oh, glorious shoe that has known the presence of sweet
Mistress Lotta's beautiful foot, I beg you to forgive me, her devoted piglet,
for soiling your luxurious leather with the scum from my spewing worm.  My heart
is bursting with sorrow at so foully defiling your glory with my vile worm scum,
and I beg your mercy.  I will love and adore you forever, worshipped, shoe for
whom I exist to adore with all my being."

Mistress Lotta didn't even wait to see the degrading sight of her slave lapping
up his sticky juice from the leather of the shoe.  As soon as his penis had
ceased to erupt she got up, yawned contentedly, and walked off to her bed.  As
she went she murmured, "Don't forget to replace your cone, piglet, then you can
retire too.  I'll inform you of your punishment for allowing your worm to leak
in my presence tomorrow."

Slave piglet shuddered with dread while his busy tongue dutifully lapped up his
semen.  His Mistress certainly knew how to keep a slave in suspense he though to
himself.  He performed the ritual of the shoe after having returned it to its
place in the shrine and crawled over to where he had left the cone to his
chastity belt.  The slave packed his now limp penis tube into the cone, worked
the smeared head through its hole and locked the device in place.  He then
crawled to his sleeping mat and collapsed onto it in exhaustion.  He was soon
fast asleep and dreaming of serving his Mistress.  He often thinks how strange
it is when he reviews his dreams in his mind.  In the first weeks of his
captivity he dreamed constantly of his Mistress using his penis to pleasure her
holes of delight, but since these are pleasures she has assured him he will
never experience, he has begun to dream only of having his adoring tongue buried
up those gorgeous holes.




Chapter 8 - The Shopping Trip

Mistress Lotta decreed that slave piglet should remain celibate for a period of
no less than one month as punishment for his lack of control over his leaking
penis.  She also enforced a strict practice regime for the slave, so he could
become more obedient to her wishes by learning to control his lusts.  This
regime consisted of him being permitted to enter her presence with his penis
free, when she was either entirely nude, or dressed in highly erotic finery. 
The slave, of course, was required to enter her presence in the humiliating
fashion described in the last chapter.  Towards the end of the training period
slave piglet was also required to make his demeaning entrances for Mistress
Lotta's dominant friends as well, to demonstrate to them his growing control
and, of course, to further humiliate and degrade him.

On each occasion that the head of the slave's stiff penis showed even the merest
hint of moisture around its slit, a further day was added to his punishment.  In
the event, slave piglet's period with no sexual relief was finally extended to
six weeks.  During this period Mistress Lotta in no way reduced her own
pleasures, in fact she seemed to increase the amount of time her slave spent
servicing her voluptuous charms with his highly talented, and completely servile
tongue.  They visited the club regularly, but slave piglet was not allowed to
perform on stage.

Mistress Lotta commented to her closest friend, Mistress Desire, and to her
lover, Master Frederick, that her slave's punishment had actually fitted in well
with their plans.  Slave pussy was in Switzerland having her operations.  Master
Frederick had found a hormone surgeon who had informed him that he had developed
treatments that would cause slave sow's already massive breasts to grow at least
a third as big again.  He had placed the slave in the doctor's care to have her
complete the course of treatment, and it was, coincidently, to take six weeks. 
Master Frederick commented, when he informed the others of his intentions for
slave sow, "A slave's tits can not be too large as far as I'm concerned.  The
bigger they are, the more submissive the slave becomes, the more entertaining
she becomes when she performs for you, and the more humiliated she is when her
betters tease her about the sheer obesity of her huge tit balloons."  The
others, of course, fully agreed, Mistress Desire saying, "When little pussy gets
back I'll have to think about sending her to this miracle worker of yours.  Her
little tits could certainly do with some beefing up."

So life went on for the bizarre little group.  Towards the end of his six week
training come discipline period Mistress Lotta decided to send slave piglet out
to shop for some new slave costumes.  He was to go to the same shop where he had
had his first experience in submission to his Mistress to purchase these items. 
Mistress Lotta gave him explicit instructions as to how to behave during this
expedition, and what he was to buy, "Slave piglet,"  She said, "You are to
submit to the shop Mistress as if she were me, and undertake any task she may
require of you while you are in her premises.  You are to select four domestic
slave costumes, and one for formal wear.  You will model each costume and seek
her approval of it.  I will be ordering a chauffeur driven limousine to take you
to the shop, and to bring you back when you are finished.  You will be permitted
to wear your track suit when in public, but once you are in the limousine or in
the store, you will strip it off so that your slave status is on full display. 
Finally,"  She concluded, "You will offer the driver the services of your mouth
on both the outward, and homeward journeys.  Is everything clear, slave piglet?" 
She asked.

The kneeling slave was blushing prettily by the time his instructions had been
fully related, and he answered his owner with a quiver in his voice betraying
his acute embarrassment, "Yes, darling Mistress Lotta," slave piglet replied. "I
will follow your instructions to the letter and strive not to disgrace you in
any way.  I live to serve you, my precious Mistress."

The day of the shopping excursion arrived and, after attending to Mistress
Lotta's customary morning requirements, slave piglet was sent off to prepare
himself for the tasks ahead.  His brain was filled with eager anticipation at
the degrading acts he was going to perform on this day.  He was actually quite
looking forward to seeing the strange, highly dominant, Mistress at the shop
again.  He felt a thrill of delight when he remembered how she had so humiliated
him on that first day, and he couldn't wait to show her what an immaculately
submissive slave he had become since that fateful day.  He took special care as
he shaved his nude body, so that not even one unsightly hair could be found to
mar the sheen of his smooth skin.  He locked on a clean chastity, and felt the
normal submissive thrill while he packed his long, limp penis into the tight
confines of its cone, and worked its bulging head through the small hole at the
apex of the cone.  His large, swollen testicles ached slightly when he pushed
them through the elasticised hole at the base of the penis cone.  They had not
surrendered any semen now for almost six weeks, and the slave suffered the dull
longing need that now persistently permeated the big sex eggs during every
waking minute.

Slave piglet enclosed his narrow waist in a pink satin garter belt with sexy
lacy trim, flushing with shame at the sensual feel, and the obviously feminine
nature of the erotic material on his skin.  He smoothed pink silk stockings up
each of his muscular legs, snapped the garters to their lacy tops, and checked
to ensure that the stocking seams, at the backs of his legs, were scrupulously
straight.  He then strapped eight inch heeled pumps on his feet.  The slave then
sat before the vanity mirror and began to apply his make-up.  He glossed his
lips scarlet and worked on his eyes, and their long, feminine lashes with
brilliant pink eye shadow and black mascara.  He finished off by applying a
light blush to his smooth cheeks.  Slave piglet next carefully rouged the
tender, stretched skin of his swollen testicles, applying the cosmetic evenly
but heavily, and finally the servile slave delicately painted the satiny skin of
his penis head with bright scarlet lip gloss.

He stood up and surveyed his bizarrely clad body, and flushed hotly with
humiliation at the soft, feminine sight that reflected back at him.  Oh how he
loved to dress his body up this way.  How sensually submissive it made him feel. 
How he loved his domatrix so, for subjecting him to such unrelenting shame and
disgrace for his masochistic delight, and for her imperious pleasure.  It was
with these sensations dominant in his mind that he heard her call that the car
had arrived.  He quickly donned his track suit, making sure that its collar did
not hide his own supple leather slave collar, and that its sleaves were not
pulled down over his wrist cuffs.  When he was satisfied with his appearance he
rushed out to join his Mistress, arriving just as the doorbell chimed.

"Off you go, piglet."  Mistress Lotta said to him with a mocking smile.  "Be
sure to behave yourself, and remember my instructions."  The excited and
thrilled slave knelt and kissed the satin covered mound of his Mistress' sex
reverently, sniffing deeply at the sensual aroma it exuded and replied.  "I
promise to behave like a slave of yours should.  I love you, Mistress Lotta,
with all my heart.  I long for all who see me to know that I am your willing and
utterly submissive slave."  He rose to his feet before his beaming Mistress and
turned to open the door.  He raised his downcast eyes fleetingly, to have one
final glance at the voluptuous woman he had subjugated his will so happily to,
and then moved quickly out into the passageway.  As he quietly closed the door
his heart ached a little, as it always did when he left the close proximity of
his Mistress.

A young man, dressed in a chauffer's uniform, opened the rear door of the big
car for slave piglet. His face bore a slightly bemused look as he took in the
heavily made-up features of his quite obviously male passenger.  He though to
himself, with a shake of his head, that this must be one of those cross dressers
he had read about.  By the time he had got in behind the wheel slave piglet had
already stripped off his track suit, and his bizarre;y adorned body was fully
displayed to the shocked young man.  The young driver gasped out loud and
exclaimed, "What the..."  "It's all right Master," slave piglet quickly cried,
anxious not to have a scene so close to Mistress Lotta's home.  "I am a sexual
and bondage slave to my Mistress.  I adore her and am happy to have all who come
in contact with me, know that is my status, and serving her is my reason for
living.  I wear my slave's uniform with pride and joy for all to see."  The
driver shook his head in disbelief at the weird vision in the back seat and
mumbled, "Each to his own, I suppose." started the motor of the big car, and
drove off.

About midway through the trip slave piglet, cheeks burning with delicious shame,
asked the still disbelieving driver, "Would you like to have me suck you
beautiful penis for your pleasure, Master?" The driver, startled by this break
in silence scoffed, "What do you think I am, a faggot or something, you queer
bastard!"  "Oh, no!  Master!" Slave piglet responded quickly, "I am not
homosexual.  But as a sexual slave I have been trained to serve members of
either sex.  My Mistress has had me extensively schooled in the art of fellatio. 
Some Masters I have served," slave piglet added quickly, thinking to himself
that a white lie might be permissible in encouraging the reluctant driver, "have
said that they consider my mouth to be the most talented they have ever
experienced.  I beg you, Master, permit me to serve you."

The driver could not believe his ears and, despite himself, he could feel the
beginnings of an erection growing in his trousers.  As a professional driver he
had come across numerous offers of sex from passengers, but never anything like
this.  He wrestled with his emotions.  Part of him wanted to have nothing to do
with this weird creature.  Another part of him, however, wanted to experience
what the guy was offering.  It was really a fixed argument.  His penis, by now
straining to break out of his pants, saw to that, and he called back to his
passenger, "Wait til we get to our destination, then I think I'll take you up on
your offer."

Slave piglet blushed furiously under his make-up, but his submissive pulse raced
with elation at the driver's decision.  He would be able to report to his
Mistress that he had served the man, as was her wish.  He duly reacted with true
slave-like devotion, "Thank you, Master.  I look forward to tasting your
wonderful penis, and long to be permitted to drink the luscious cream I'm sure
it will flood my devoted mouth with."  They drove on again in silence.  The
driver's erection throbbing with desire, and the slave's hot mouth beginning to
water in eager anticipation of tasting it.

As soon as the big car stopped, adjacent to the sex shop, slave piglet asked the
driver to join him in the spacious rear compartment of the limousine.  By the
time the young driver had entered the car again slave piglet was on his knees
eagerly waiting.  He asked the excited young man to sit before him with his legs
well spread.  The slave then carefully unzipped the man's fly and extracted his
hot, swollen penis and hairy, bloated testicles from the humid confines of his
trousers.  The slave looked up at the man and smiled, "You have a wonderful big
penis, Master.  I'm honoured that you are allowing me to worship it."  He
whispered erotically, and then kissed the ripe, moist head of the pulsating
organ tenderly.

The kneeling slave kissed passionately up and down the length of the drivers
penis, and cupped his swollen testicles gently in his hands, sensually rolling
the tender eggs around with his attentive fingers. "You have lovely, big, hot
balls, Master, I yearn to be allowed to taste their divine issue."  He
continued, and then kissed each of the squirming eggs adoringly.  Slave piglet
next used his long, hot, wet tongue to wash the heated orbs passionately, before
wetly laving the throbbing stem of the man's steel hard penis with it in long,
erotic strokes.  The seated driver sighed with pleasure while the kneeling slave
lapped his burgeoning organ so skilfully.  The slave himself emitted mewls of
delight when his supple tongue finally washed over the ripe plumb of the penis,
and his eagerly waiting taste buds were inundated with the rich, musky flavours
of the man's excited sex.

Slave piglet drew a deep breath, then plunged his gaping mouth down over the
hot, palpitating organ, engulfing the entire rigid stalk into his warm mouth. 
He launched his head forward while inch after inch of the throbbing penis
disappeared into his oral cavity, not stopping the downward lunge until his
heavily made-up face was buried in the man's pubic hair, and his crimson painted
lips were crushed up against the youth's pelvic bone.  When he had achieved this
the man's excited penis was buried half way down his stretched throat, and its
swollen, pulsing head was being sensually milked by the adoring slave's working
throat muscles.

The man's little cries were now of sheer delight.  He had never experienced
sexual ecstasy such as he was now feeling under the influence of this weird
creature's wonderfully talented mouth and tongue. The clever slave's hot,
wriggling tongue washed his deeply buried penis constantly, while his throat
massaged the dripping head lasciviously.  After a few minutes of this action
slave piglet began to slowly bob his head up and down.  He used his keen tongue
to lap the throbbing sex stem with each slow plunge, and each time the juicy
head was fully buried in the depths of his gulping throat, it was subjected to
such exquisite suckling sensations that the young driver thought it would
explode from sheer ecstasy.  All the while the slave used his fingers to gently
caress the man's agitated testicles, to increase his pleasure even further, if
that were possible.

The driver's hands were soon entangled in his slave lover's long silky hair, and
he was using them to guide the slave's busy mouth with ever increasing vigour as
his passion grew.  Slave piglet, sensing that climax was approaching when the
penis he worshipped so diligently grew even hotter, swelled and began to jerk
uncontrollably, increased the passion of his oral caresses.  He drew his mouth
back until only the pulsing penis head was still inside it, and concentrated all
of his tongue's sensual expertise on its juicy flesh.  He used the fingers of
one hand to stroke the stem of the throbbing penis, while his soft tongue worked
its magic on the silky head, and he ardently massaged the man's squirming
testicles with the busy fingers of the other.

The driver could take no more.  He shrieked in ecstasy while his excited penis
began to squirt its cream into the slave's still avidly working mouth.  His
penis gushed and gushed, filling slave piglet's adoring mouth with streams of
rich, aromatic semen.  The slave savoured the piquant liquid, sloshing it around
in his mouth erotically, before swallowing it with a sense of humiliating pride
washing over his kneeling nudity.  He drank from the spurting penis joyfully for
what seemed an age before the man's orgasm eventually began to ebb.  Once this
was apparent, slave piglet made sure to squeeze every last drop of the luscious
liquid from the wilting organ he had sucked so lovingly, and cleansed it of all
remaining evidence of the man's climax.

When he was satisfied slave piglet withdrew his face from the man's groin, and
carefully, almost reluctantly, replaced his now flaccid penis back in his pants,
having placed one final, devoted kiss on its sated head before he did.  He
looked up at the contented man with a sly smile and said, "Thank you, Master. 
Thank you for allowing me to adore your beautiful penis.  Thank you for
permitting me to savour your delicious cream, to feed my yearning belly with the
succulent juices of your lovely testicles."  The driver looked down at the
kneeling slave, his breathing not yet back to normal, and commented, "You were
right about one thing I'll admit.  You are certainly pretty good at that." 
Slave piglet glowed with pride at the man's praise, and began to don his track
suit again for the short walk from the car to the shop.

He left the privacy of the car and walked quickly to the shop, his high heels
clicking on the pavement as he went.  The car would return for him in three
hours.  He entered the outer door of the shop and the attendant looked up from
her seat.  She looked quizzically at the male for a couple of seconds before
recognition shone in her violet eyes.  "Well, well."  She smirked.  "What have
we got here." Slave piglet blushed as the tall transsexual got up and opened the
security flap to let him in.  Slave piglet stripped off his track suit
immediately he was safely inside the store, and fell to his stockinged knees
before the tall, commanding domatrix.  She grinned at his erotic, yet demeaning
costume and asked, "What do we call you now, swine?"  The kneeling slave
replied, "I am slave piglet, Mistress. Sexual and bondage slave to the divine
Mistress Lotta.  May I greet you, as she has taught me to greet all my
superiors, please Mistress?"

The tall attendant smiled down at the kneeling man slave and replied, "Yes,
little piglet.  That would be nice."  The dominant wore a black leather gown
with a skirt that was split from waist to hem both in the front and back.  Her
long legs were encased in sheer silk stocking, also black, and her feet were
shod in six inch heels.  The happy slave leant forward and reverently kissed the
toes of her shoes, then each of the spike heels.  He then squirmed the torso of
his kneeling body around, carefully drew her leather skirt aside to reveal the
creamy skinned mounds of her lithe bottom cheeks, split down their alluring
centre by her G-string, and tenderly kissed each svelte cheek, and then crack
between them over the place where he surmised her anal ring to be nestling. 
Then he moved his torso back to her front and split the skirt there to reveal
the supple leather pouch that contained her substantial genitals. He leant
forward and kissed the pouch with devotion before allowing the skirt to fall
back into place.

"To what do we owe the pleasure of this visit, little piglet?"  The Domatrix
asked.  "My Mistress has commanded me to purchase slave costumes, Mistress," he
replied.  "Four for domestic use, and one for formal wear.  I am to select them,
and model each for your approval.  I also beg you to use me for any task you
might wish me to perform while I am in your honoured presence, Mistress."  "OK," 
The attendant said, "Follow me."  She moved off, with the slave crawling along
behind her, to an alcove in the rear of the store.  Once they had entered this
area slave piglet could see that it was draped with heaps of erotic female
lingerie.  "Make your selections and let me know when you are ready to model
each, piglet." she said and then left the slave to do his choosing.

Slave piglet quickly chose the domestic costumes, two pink and two white.  Each
had nylon stockings with erotic patterns on them, and the garter belts were of
differing designs.  He donned the first of them, ensuring that the seams of the
stockings were arrow straight, and called out, "I am ready to model the first
costume, if it please you Mistress?"  The domatrix ordered him to proceed, and
slave piglet pranced out into the shop, like an excited school girl, to show off
his erotic finery.  He walked up and down, pirouetting sexily, to show off his
body to best advantage for the watching dominant. "That looks OK." she said and
then commented, "That's a nice chastity belt you have on, piglet.  By the looks
of your swollen balls you haven't cum in quite a while, have you?"

Slave piglet blushed scarlet and stammered, "My Mistress is disciplining me for
errant behaviour by keeping me celibate Mistress."  "I see, and what did you do
to deserve your punishment, slave?"  "I was unable to control my worm when she
allowed it to be free in her glorious presence, Mistress.  It leaked its putrid
ball scum at the sight of her incomparable charms.  She is training me in self
control while I am serving my sentence.  My worm hasn't leaked in her presence
for three weeks now, or in the presence of others when she has commanded me to
whorishly display it to them to further test me." "Well its an entirely
appropriate punishment, pig. Slaves have to learn that their duty is to serve,
not to be looking out for their own lustful pleasures any time they are
permitted some freedom.  Get on with your choices."

Slave piglet rushed back into the lingerie alcove and replaced his costume.  He
modelled each of the domestic uniforms in turn, and only had to replace one
outfit to meet with the dominating attendant's approval.  On a couple of
occasions the slave was mortified to find that the boutique had other customers
who were also invited to inspect the slave's choice of costume from time to
time.  He was filled with delicious degradation as he pranced and rolled his
hips sexily, shaking the smooth nude cheeks of his muscular bottom, framed so
erotically in pink satin and lace, at them for their sensual enjoyment.

He chose a scarlet ensemble for formal wear.  The stockings were of the fishnet
type favoured by street prostitutes, and the lace trimmed silk garter belt was
designed to sit low on the hips, and was equipped with a sluttishly overbearing
number of six garters per stocking.  Slave piglet felt perfectly lewd dressed in
this finery and was flushing furiously while he modelled it for the attendant,
and two other females who were in the store at the time.  "Why have you chosen
scarlet, swine?"  One of the domineering woman demanded.  Slave piglet blushed
crimson, and stuttered out his reply, "Mistress, scarlet is the colour most
favoured by sluts and harlots.  My Mistress has trained me to be the most
debauched slut, and utterly depraved harlot imaginable when she shows me off in
public."  While he answered the humiliated slave rolled and shimmied his captive
penis and bulging testicles wantonly at the mocking woman.

The Mistress took all of slave piglet's purchases and wrapped them up ready for
him to take them home.  There was, however, still almost two hours to go before
he was to be picked up, so she decided to have some fun with him, and to really
test the depths of his submission.  The boutique had a private viewing booth
where small live shows were given for the pleasure of dominant customers.  It
operated sort of like a peep show, no audience participation, just voyeuristic
enjoyment.  Customers were, however, encouraged to masturbate while they watched
the shows, and a large, clear plastic bowl was provided for them to deposit the
results of their ejaculations in.  The attendant normally used her own personal
slave to clean up this room, but this time she was going to have slave piglet do
the job instead. She ordered him to follow her, and explained his task to him
while they moved to the small booth and entered its cramped confines.  She
handed him a small piece of cloth and said, "This is all you'll need to do the
job, and I expect the booth to be spotless when I come to inspect it.  I mean
completely spotless!"  She repeated knowingly.

Slave piglet inspected the small cubicle with distaste.  It had one white
leather armchair positioned facing a two way mirror which was coin operated.  A
clear plastic, miniature coffee table stood next to the chair, and on it was a
large plastic bowl, also transparent.  Slave piglet approached the chair and
looked down at it.  He was mortified to see that its shiny white leather bore
numerous brownish stains, obviously put there by the anuses of the people who
had used it.  The bowl appeared to have what must have amounted to a couple of
cups of cold, stale, white semen in it, already beginning to coagulate with age. 
His nostril twitched with revulsion at the tiny room's stale male sex aromas,
and he looked at the small rag which was all he had to clean it up with.

A surge of shame washed over him when he finally realised, of course, that he
was expected to provide the main means of cleaning, his mouth and tongue.  He
knelt before the chair, his trapped penis struggling vainly to stiffen within
the confines of its cone as his obsequious excitement grew.  He craned his head
forward and sniffed at the obscene odour of the stains on the plush white
leather.  His brain began to sing with submissive joy, and he slipped his long
tongue out and lapped wetly at the largest, and most fresh of the rectal stains. 
The corrupt tang of anal secretion flooded his senses while he zealously tongued
the stain from the chair.  He moved from stain to stain and eagerly lapped at
them until all had been removed.  While he worked his mind reeled with the
fantasy that he should be forced to work in this small cubicle, his sole task to
tongue clean the anal rings of the attending Masters, so they would not soil the
chair.  He resolved to suggest the idea to the shop's attendant when he was
finished.

Once all the stains had been removed, slave piglet polished the sumptuous
leather with the rag until it shone.  Then he turned his attention to the bowl
containing the products of the customers' ejaculations. He slipped his face into
the bowl and began to slurp up the musky fluid, like a kitten with a bowl of
cream.  The pungent aroma of the stale semen, and its obscene, reeking flavour
soon filled his senses and caused a fresh burst of submissive adrenalin to surge
through his veins while he eagerly lapped up the musty man juice.  He slurped
and lapped until all of the sex cream had been removed, and his contentedly
churning belly felt quite full.  He licked the bowl clean and then polished it
with the rag. He inspected his work, and when he was satisfied he called out to
the Mistress that his task had been completed.

The Domatrix entered the cubicle and carefully inspected slave piglet's work. 
"Good job, pig.  Good job."  She commented.  Slave piglet then asked, "May I
make a suggestion, Mistress?"  She permitted the slave to do so and he went on
to explain his idea for the booth to her.  "Mistress, you should have a slave
with a wet tongue work in the booth.  The slave could be made to lap the anal
rings of each of the Masters clean before they sat down so they wouldn't soil
the lovely white leather of the armchair." "That's not a bad idea, piglet.  I'll
give it some serious thought."  As they left the booth she commented to the
slave, "It's a pity you're not a pain slut, piglet.  With your vivid imagination
I could have used you in the exhibitions we put on for the customers who use
this booth."

"As a reward for your performance in there I have decided to allow you to choose
one toy from my novelty display."  The Mistress informed the slave, leading him
to a wall covered with erotic playthings.  She looked at her watch, and a frown
of annoyance creased her smooth forehead. "Where is that swine of a slave of
mine," she mumbled, "This is the second time this month that the pig has been
late.  Just wait till he gets here, I'll teach him a lesson about tardiness that
he won't forget for a while."  She left slave piglet to choose his gift and went
back to her counter.  The slave spent a little time studying the assortment of
items before choosing one that he thought would please his own Mistress greatly. 
He was a little worried, however, when he returned to the shop attendant with
the toy of his choice.  It was priced at $250, and he was sure that it would be
much too expensive for her to let him have in return for the small task he had
performed for her.

"What an appropriate choice, pig,"  The Mistress said, however, and then
continued, "If I'm not mistaken Lotta would never allow a slave's prick to sully
her perfect pussy.  So when she uses this little gadget on you, little piglet,
you'll get a nice close-up view of what you're missing, complete with taste and
aroma.  Won't that be nice for you?"  She laughed.  The kneeling slave replied,
"Oh, yes, Mistress!"  Ecstatic because she had not seemed to care at all that he
had chosen one of the more expensive of her novelties.  We'll leave an
explanation of the gadget slave piglet chose for later, when it is first put to
its intended use.

As soon as she had finished wrapping the toy, and had placed it with slave
piglet's other purchases, the door to the shop opened and the slave who had also
turned up during slave piglet's initial test rushed in. He immediately threw off
his long black leather cloak and fell to his knees before his Domatrix.  He was
clad in a full body harness that only served to accentuate that all of his
sexual body parts were naked and available to whoever wished to make use of
them.  He prostrated himself before his owner, his muscular, well marked bottom
slabs raised high and busied himself kissing the toes of her high heeled pumps
in a show of submission.  Slave piglet could see that the slave was trembling
violently while his lips slobbered over the shiny leather, obviously distraught
with the fact that he was late and had displeased his owner.  He had good reason
to be worried, as slave piglet was about to find out.

While the fawning male slave kissed her boots the shop Mistress took hold of a
long, heavy leather strap and flexed it cruelly.  "You're late yet again, you
pile of swinish shit!"  She yelled out at the grovelling slave, and smashed the
brutal strap into his raised bottom viciously.  The slave yelped in pain and
howled out, "I'm sorry, Mistress!  I'm sorry!  Please, Mistress!  Please punish
me hard so I may atone for my fault!  Please punish me, my glorious Mistress!" 
The cruel Domatrix raised the heavy strap high over her head once again and
roared, "You can be sure of that, you pile of pig dung! Your obese arse will
feel like its on fire before I'm through with you!"  She brought the strap down
brutally hard and the crying slave moaned out his pain and suffering pitifully. 
The Domatrix's strong arm rose and fell relentlessly, and the loud cracks of
leather meeting flesh resounded around the store.

Slave piglet looked on in awe.  It was the first time he had ever seen anyone
hurt so cruelly, and his pulse raced at the strangely erotic sight of the
suffering slave's bottom being slowly but surely reddened and bruised with each
cruel blow.  He was astounded to see that the suffering slave's long penis had
grown erect while he was being so savagely punished.  The thick, hot organ now
arched up along his trembling belly, and visibly throbbed with the fall of each
ferociously delivered stroke.  Slave piglet was also quite surprised to feel his
own restricted sex churning away in its tight captivity at the sight of the
discipline session.

After fully ten minutes of constant whipping the Domatrix threw down the strap,
looked down at her slave's horribly bruised posterior and snapped, "Let that be
a lesson to you, swine!"  The cowering slave, his wounded bottom cheeks
throbbing with burning pain sobbed, "Thank you, Mistress!  Thank you for your
mercy!"  while he kissed her toes over and over.  The sneering Mistress stared
down at the sobbing male and said, "Oh, don't think I'm finished with you yet,
you vile trash!  Now, kneel up so that I can see you properly!"  The slave
reared up and placed his hands behind his head in the classic pose of
submission, still sobbing with hurt and misery.  His long penis, hot and stiff,
arched out lewdly from his leather framed crotch, its swollen purple glans
pulsating passionately.  "Had you have managed to behave yourself today, swine,
I had intended to have this little piglet here suck off your slug.  As it is
now, I'll be whipping it off when we get home tonight.  What have you got to say
to that?"

The kneeling slave shuddered with dread and gasped, "Thank you, my darling
Mistress.  You are so kind and considerate.  I know that I do not deserve to
have my putrid slug sucked by another slave.  I know that I deserve to have its
scum whipped from it.  I beg you, divine Mistress, when you whip it, please show
no mercy.  I have earned my punishment and beg you to administer it without
pity!"  The shop Mistress then ordered slave piglet to kneel next to his fellow
chattel.  She closed the door to the shop, and put up a sign informing patrons
that the store was to be unattended for a half an hour, and then removed her
long leather
skirt.

The two kneeling serfs gazed up at the towering Domatrix, marvelling at the
beauty of her long shapely legs, clad in their dark silk finery.  She smiled
down at them while unsnapping her tiny G-string.  The cruel whipping of her
slave's arse had obviously aroused her sexually, for her substantial penis could
be seen to be erect under the supple leather.  Slave piglet gasped with delight
when the skimpy cache-sex fell away from her groin and her erect penis, in all
its beauty, jutted out from the bush of dark curls decorating her crotch.  Slave
piglet stared at the penis, with his mouth already beginning to water with a
strange longing to taste it, and thought to himself that it was the loveliest
male organ he had ever seen, so perfectly shaped, and not overly large, so it
would fit into a slave's adoring mouth with comfort, and allow the slave to
employ all of his expertise in giving it exquisite pleasure.

The slave's erotic daydreaming was rudely interrupted by the authorative voice
of the Mistress, "Do you like my cock, little piglet?"  She asked.  Slave piglet
shuddered with delight and cried out excitedly, "Your penis is gorgeous,
Mistress!"  "Would you like to suck it for me you little swine?" Piglet flushed
with humiliation, but his own captive penis tried vainly to harden within its
cone with submissive ardour, and he replied enthusiastically, "Oh, yes,
Mistress!  Please!  I would be eternally grateful for the privilege of sucking
your lovely, lovely penis!  I yearn to taste its delicious sexiness!" "Would you
like to drink its cream. little piglet?"  The mocking Mistress continued. 
"Please!  Please! Darling Mistress!  It would transport this slave to paradise
if your penis was to reward its sucking mouth with the cascade of your divine
juices!"

The domineering transsexual turned her attention back to her own chattel, and
said to him, "Tell the little piglet what my prick tastes like, what its cream's
tangy flavour is like, for, as part of your punishment for your tardiness, I'm
going allow piglet to suck me off.  As for you, you are going to get your face
right next to his busy mouth so that you get a good view of what you are
missing.  Now tell the piglet what a lovely reward he is going to get."  The
shop Mistress's slave answered with a voice betraying his anguish at the latest
cruelty of his owner, "Piglet, you are so lucky.  My Mistress's beautiful, hot,
stiff cock tastes so delicious it makes my heart ache with joy when ever she
allows me to savour it.  Her ball cream is the most delicious and succulently
luscious ambrosia that it has ever been my privilege to swallow.  I hope and
pray that you appreciate the extraordinary gift my ravishing Mistress is
granting you."

The tall transsexual Domatrix looked down at her slave with a mockingly severe
look creasing her pretty features and commented, "You are totally incorrigible,
slut of mine.  You failed to describe the taste of my golden nectar to the
piglet.  Never mind.  Because I am so compassionate I will allow you to drink
your fill of that particular elixir after I had fed little piglet from my balls. 
Be sure, however, to save a little so you can give him a taste too."  As an
after thought, and as she manoeuvred slave piglet into a position before her
spread thighs, she said to her slave, "I want you to describe the piglet's
performance for my listening pleasure while he suckles me, and, of course, to
re-enforce to you what you are missing out on yourself."

Slave piglet was ordered to begin after his wrist cuffs had been attached to
each other, trapping his arms behind his back.  The Mistress explained that she
did not allow slaves the use of their hands when she permitted them to worship
her penis with their mouths.  Slave piglet reached forward with his head and
joyfully buried his face in the Domatrix's groin.  He breathed deeply through
his nose so that his senses were submerged in the sexual aromas that wafted from
her moist genitals.  He snaked his long, hot wet tongue out and laved it wetly
over the tightly packed testicles nestled at the base of the transsexual's stiff
penis.  "Piglet is lapping your gorgeous balls, darling Mistress!"  Her slave
cried out jealously.

Slave piglet concentrated his devoted efforts on the testicles for a couple of
minutes and then furled his long tongue around the base of the penis stem.  The
slave then began to lave up and down the pulsating stem, as if he were using his
tongue to masturbate it.  "He's pulling your divine prick off with his tongue,
sweet Mistress."  The watching slave gasped.  The Mistress was soon sighing with
pleasure at the sensations slave piglet's clever tongue was eliciting.  She
breathed passionately, "Watch closely, swine, he is so good at this.  You might
learn something!"

Meanwhile slave piglet was mentally preparing himself for the joy he would
experience when he finally engulfed the marvellous penis he was adoring in his
ecstatic mouth.  He drew a deep breath and opened his mouth wide over the tip of
the jutting pole.  He swept his tongue joyously over the satin skinned, dripping
head of the tasty penis, thrilling to the rich flavours it exuded, and then
plunged his gaping mouth down over the pulsing organ.  He took its entire length
into his adoring gullet, not stopping until his nose was buried in the soft
curly hairs at its base, and its leaking head was lodged firmly in the back of
his convulsing throat.  "He has deep throated you, divine Mistress."  The
watching slave gasped, green with envy.  "I can see his throat massaging your
heavenly prick head, Mistress.  I can see his tongue working on your cock stem. 
Oh, Mistress!  How I envy the piglet!  How I long to be in his place, to have
your sacred cock filling my yearning gullet!"

Slave piglet barely heard the slave's pitiful ramblings.  He was so engrossed in
pleasing the Mistress by sucking her penis with such sensual skill that she
would remember him forever.  His submissive mind was filled with servile pride
as he sensed the orgasm he was working so diligently to provoke beginning to
build.  He subtly altered his erotic tactics when he felt the penis beginning to
swell, and become even hotter in his mouth, and began to pump his mouth slowly
up and down on the jerking stalk.  His head bobbed up and down with ever
increasing pace as the Mistress's arousal built.  His tongue went wild over the
heated surface of the pistoning column of sexual ecstasy.  The transsexual
domatrix's breathing was now ragged and tiny shrieks of pleasure escaped
continually from her gasping mouth.

"He's swallowing your delicious cum.  He's drinking the elixir of your cumming
prick, Mistress!  Oh how ecstatic he must be feeling, my Mistress, while your
hot, creamy spunk is sliding down his throat!"  The panting slave cried as his
Mistress's spasming penis surrendered its boiling juices to slave piglet's
talented maw in jet after jet of spurting delirious pleasure.  She squealed out
in her absolute delight and jammed her spurting penis deeply down the working
slave's industrious throat.  When the strong contractions of her climax finally
began to ebb slave piglet pursed his lips strongly around the base of her organ
and drew them slowly up the length of the stem, squeezing out her remaining
semen and swallowing it with relish.  He repeated this over and over until the
penis had softened and was drained of every last drop of its musky cream.

He withdrew his mouth from the wilted penis and raised his face to the sated
transsexual, and cried, "Thank you, fabulous Mistress!  Thank you so much for
allowing me to serve you.  My slave belly is glowing with happiness at having
the luscious cream of your exalted penis warming it!"
"You really are quite good at that, little piglet, really quite good."  She
stared down at her own slave and said, "I hope you have learnt something from
slave piglet's demonstration, swine.  In fact I'm seriously considering asking
Mistress Lotta to allow slave piglet to give you lessons in cock worship, he is
so good.  Anyhow, I suppose I did promise you a drink, and so you'll get it." 
The male slave raised his mouth to his Mistress's limp, hanging penis tube and
made to engulf it when she snapped, "Just open your trap and let me use it as
the toilet it is.  Don't you forget that I have promised slave piglet a taste."

The dutiful slave poised his gaping mouth below the lovely, hanging penis head
he so worshipped, and waited.  A look of pained concentration crossed the
standing Domatrix's features and, almost without warning, a golden stream began
to flow from the tip of her penis and an abundant stream of golden urine began
to flow into her slave's open mouth.  Slave piglet's eyes took in the obscene
sight of the Mistress's urine splashing into her slave's gaping mouth.  He saw
his throat convulsing wildly as he strove to swallow the salty liquid without
wasting a precious drop.  As soon as her stream had ebbed to a mere dribble, he
thrust out his long tongue and delicately cleansed her dribbling slit.  "Give
slave piglet a taste!"  she commanded.  The two slaves kissed deeply, tongues
duelling lasciviously, and slave piglet savoured the salty tang of the
dominating transsexual's golden nectar with feelings of submissive humiliation
flooding through him.

Slave piglet quickly donned his track suit, collected his parcels and, after
bidding the Mistress an appropriate goodbye, left the store and entered the
waiting limousine.  Once inside the spacious limousine he again stripped.  Slave
piglet did not have to ask the driver to be allowed to suck his penis this time,
the driver himself suggested it and, of course, slave piglet was only too happy
to agree. When he arrived back home Mistress Lotta commented laconically, that
the car was parked out front for a long time.  Her blushing slave told her that
he had sucked the driver's penis for him as she had commanded him to, twice in
fact.  She asked him if he had enjoyed doing it and the slave replied that he
enjoyed doing whatever she expected of him.  They then went on to inspect his
purchases, slave piglet modelling each costume for her with utter slavish
happiness.




Chapter 9 - Games at Restaurants & Other Diversions

As we have said before Mistress Lotta had kept her young slave, piglet, celibate
for a period of six long weeks.  During this frustrating period for the new
submissive she trained him most stringently in the art of controlling lustful
emotions, and especially displays of those lusts.  His penis was freed from its
normal chastity frequently during the six weeks so that it could be tested for
escaping moisture while being kept in a state of rigid sexual arousal for hours
on end.  As it became apparent that the slave was able to quite easily stop his
constantly stimulated, and maddeningly titillated penis from leaking even the
tiniest droplet of moisture from his relentlessly aching, and increasingly
swollen and tender testicles, the long organ was again confined in its chastity
cone for most of the time.

Mistress Lotta kept the slave confined to the townhouse for the entire period,
except, of course, for the shopping exhibition described in the previous
chapter.  She did this, not so much as a part of his punishment, but rather
because she had a reputation as a supreme Mistress to maintain.  It would not
reflect too favourably on her if a slave known to belong to, and to have been
trained by her, was to prove anything but perfectly submissive and immaculately
behaved when shown off in public.  For slave piglet it is hard to judge what he
felt more acutely, the lack of the delicious feelings of humiliation that being
forced to perform in public engendered in his submissive brain, and that he so
craved, or the slavish realisation that he could not, under any circumstances,
disgrace the woman he had surrendered his being so totally to, by being seen as
anything short of perfection in submissive performance.

On the morning of the last weekend of the slave's enforced abstinence, and after
he had completed his duties as a body slave to her, Mistress Lotta announced her
plans for the slave's re-introduction into society.  Mistress Lotta stood, tall
and commanding, in the plush living room dressed in one of her severe business
suits and gazed down at her kneeling slave.  Slave piglet knelt, head bowed
submissively, at her feet and listened with growing masochistic excitement to
her words.  He was dressed in pale mauve stockings with a matching satin garter
belt, his feet shod in six inch heeled pumps and, of course, his mandatory
chastity belt confining his manhood.  Otherwise his smooth hairless body was
naked.  His long blonde hair, by now reaching to mid way down his slender back,
shone lustrously, and his handsome features were heavily made up in the fashion
of a street harlot, bright pink lip gloss and heavy black mascara and eye
shadow.  In the slave's bizarrely trapped crotch the thick glans of his captive
penis, protruding from the apex of the cone also shone with a rich coating of
the pink gloss.  His hugely bloated testicles had been liberally rouged to add
to the erotic perverseness of their display.

"Piglet,"  Mistress Lotta announced, "As you are probably only too aware, today
marks the last day of your sentence of celibacy.  To celebrate the occasion I
have arranged for us to eat at Ricardo's tonight. You will, of course, be
permitted to dress in normal outer garments since Ricardo's is a public place,
even if Ricardo himself is a part of our culture.  But we don't wish to cause
him any undue embarrassment, do we?"  Before the kneeling slave could reply the
voluptuous dominant continued. "You will, obviously, wear your slave costume
beneath these clothes and, of course, your collar and cuffs will also remain. 
The suit of clothes I have chosen for you are in fact, female garments, in the
form of a business suit."  The slave blushed prettily as he heard of his fate,
and his monstrously bloated testicles ached deliciously.  It was to be the first
time that he would appear in public as a female and, although mortified at the
prospect, his excitement was palpable, and the thick, trapped tube of his sex
squirmed helplessly in its tight confines in tune with his growing, submissive
arousal.

All through the day slave piglet went about his duties in an erotically induced
daze.  His heart pounded continuously as thoughts of the coming evening invaded
his consciousness at every turn.  His trapped penis struggled vainly within its
tight captivity while the level of the slave's arousal grew and grew as evening
approached.  Mistress Lotta arrived back at the residence a little after five in
the evening and slave piglet immediately assisted her in attending to her
toilet.  He undressed, bathed, and then prepared her for the evening.  He
dressed her ravishing body in erotic underwear which was covered with a sensual
evening dress that displayed her awesome cleavage to its best advantage.  When
he was finished she inspected the results in a full length mirror.  Having
expressed her satisfaction with her slave's efforts Mistress Lotta went to the
living room to relax, and ordered her slave to prepare his own body for the
evening's entertainment.

Slave piglet, as soon as Mistress Lotta was out of the room, quickly stripped
off his slave costume, and removed his chastity belt, using the key she had left
with him for this purpose.  Once his body was entirely naked he entered the
shower and set about washing his smooth nudity with consummate care. He shaved
his skin two times, then carefully inspected himself to ensure that not even one
unsightly hair escaped the keen edge of his razor.  When he was satisfied he
turned off the shower and quickly dried his body off and moved over to the
wardrobe that contained his costumes.  Since this was a formal occasion slave
piglet chose a formal costume.  The outer garments his Mistress had purchased
for the evening were laid out on her large bed.

The excited young male slave shivered with erotic pleasure while he carefully
smoothed mauve silk stockings up his smoothly shaven legs, thrilling to the
sensual feel of the slinky female material on his skin.  He quickly wrapped a
purple satin garter belt, fringed with frilly mauve lace, around his slender
waist and fastened it in place.  He then snapped the four garters per leg onto
the stocking tops and made sure that each satin strap was perfectly straight. 
Finally he stood before the mirror and ensured that the seams running down the
back of the stockings on each of his legs was scrupulously straight.

Slave piglet then sat before his vanity mirror and began to apply his make-up. 
He lined his large brown eyes with black eye liner and painted their lids
heavily with similarly coloured mascara.  Once he was satisfied with his eyes he
began to paint his full lips with a pastel pink lip gloss, and finally blushed
his cheeks with reddish, pink rouge to highlight his aristocratic cheek bones. 
He surveyed his almost beautiful face, and smiled with contentment at the sight
it made.  He stood up and slipped a fresh chastity belt up his stocking clad
legs and buckled it securely around his belly, just below the level of the sexy
garter belt.  The narrow velour flap hanging from the centre of the rear of the
belt was then drawn between the slave's spread legs.  He gasped with perverse
delight while a nine inch butt plug sank, to the hilt, into his welcoming
rectum.  He carefully fed each of his fat, smooth testicles through the
elasticised hole in the flap, wincing when the pressure on the sensitive meat
caused a dull ache to assail the tender eggs.  Lastly he fed the thick, semi
erect tube of his enormous penis through its hole and fastened the other end of
the strap to the centre of the front of the belt.

Slave piglet took up the small pink leather cone that formed the prison for his
sex.  He took a deep breath and began to cram the meaty stem of his penis into
its tight confines, working the thick, satiny head of the sex organ through the
hole at the apex of the cone, sighing audibly when the spongy flesh popped free
and bulged obscenely out from the narrow top of the cone.  The trembling slave
gasped as he turned the cone into the socket in the crotch flap until its was
turned as tight as it could and the two small metal loops, one on the base of
the cone, and the other on the crotch flap, were flush and he was able to lock
the cone to the strap with a small padlock.  The slave sighed with pleasure, as
he always did when he willingly undertook the act of denying himself control
over his own sex, and thus surrendering that control to the Mistress he so
adored.

He quickly took up a tube of pink lip gloss from the vanity table and
meticulously painted the head of his captive penis until it was richly coated
with the sensuous cosmetic.  He played a hair drier over the penis head until
the gloss was dry, and then went over to his Mistress' bed.  He took up the
blouse laid out for him and slipped it on, delighting in the sensual feel of its
silk on his skin.  He buttoned the blouse up and then took the skirt up and drew
it up his legs to his hips.  His sigh was one of almost disappointment as the
tight skirt hid his bizarre slave costume, for his basic need to suffer the
humiliation that his public submission engendered was by now like an addictive
drug to him.  When the skirt was in place he bent down and slid his feet into
six inch heeled patent leather pumps of deep purple, that complimented the
colour of his fine silk hose.

The attractive slave walked confidently over to the vanity table, he was now
able to walk in the highest of heels with no discomfort or loss of balance.  He
quickly brushed out his long lustrous blonde hair until it hung softly down over
his shoulders, and then looked at the jewellery his Mistress had laid out for
him to wear.  His cheeks blushed crimson, even under their rouge, when he saw
the three simple items that had been chosen.  The earings laying on the table
consisted of tiny crystal penis and testicle clusters, the penises shown in
erection, and wrapped in golden wire from base to tip, with tiny golden padlocks
dangling from their tips to depict the capture of the male sex organs.  Slave
piglet quickly put the earings on, then took up the quite substantial broach his
Mistress had picked out for him.  A wash of delicious shame flooded the slave as
he pinned the demeaning golden ornament to the centre of his chest.  The broach
was decorated with the words, in shiny ridged silver on a gold background,
"Slave Piglet" and a "The" then immediately below, "Joyfully Depraved Slut". 
The slave then donned the business suit jacket that completed his ensemble, then
hurried down the hallway to the lounge room, and his patiently waiting
dominator.

Salve piglet entered the quiet, plushly furnished room and saw that his Mistress
was seated on a sofa reading a book.  He walked over and stood before her, his
head bowed submissively.  "Let me look at you, little piglet."  Mistress Lotta
said, raising her eyes from her reading.  Slave piglet pirouetted daintily,
showing off his finery to the seated dominant.  "Very demure, my little slave!" 
Mistress Lotta chuckled, "But your earings and broach at least tell the truth,
don't they?"  The slave opened his mouth to reply, but before he could get a
word out Mistress Lotta continued, "I like to see you looking like butter
wouldn't melt in your mouth.  Such a pretty and virtuous looking little girl. 
But we both know what a wanton hussy you really are, don't we?  I'll bet that
little worm of yours is really churning away in its cone, isn't it you
licentious little harlot?  Tell me what you really are, little piglet?  Tell
your Mistress what she wishes to hear?"

Slave piglet blushed prettily, then spoke in a voice that clearly betrayed both
his growing excitement, and deepening sensation of degradation, "Darling
Mistress Lotta, I long to show the entire world that I am your utterly devoted,
and absolutely debauched slut!  My perverted mind sings with joy when you allow
me to wallow in depraved lechery for you!  My submissive heart pounds with
elation when you permit me to show what a lewd harlot I have enthusiastically
become for your greater glory!  Please! Please!  Adored Mistress Lotta, I beg
you with all my heart.  Command me to perform the most utterly obscene and
perverted acts for your entertainment!   I yearn to serve you with all my heart! 
I am your harlot!  I am your trollop!  I am your whore!  I am your utterly
obscene slut!  I am, and will always be, your absolute submissive and servile
slave, my darling Mistress!"

By the time the feminised slave had completed his demeaning dissitation his
chest was heaving, his huge, grotesquely swollen testicles throbbed beneath his
skirt, and his long penis stem writhed and ached with need in its tight
captivity.  His wide, heavily made-up eyes were staring at the voluptuous woman
who he had surrendered so totally to with the depths of his love and devotion
clearly shining through.  "What a delightful little slut you are, my little
piglet."  The woman sighed, her pleasure at her slave's submission so evident in
her soft voice. "Let's go, or we'll be late for our dinner appointment."

The two left the apartment and took the lift down to the building's underground
car park.  Slave piglet followed his Mistress at a respectful distance as they
walked.  When they approached her big car, however, he rushed forward to open
her door for her.  "You may sit up front with me, little piglet." Mistress Lotta
said as she entered the car.  Slave piglet glowed with pleasure at this for he
usually rode in the boot of the car, or on his knees in the rear compartment,
when they went out together.  The trip to the restaurant was undertaken in
silence.  Mistress Lotta deep in her own thoughts, her heart quickening at the
thought of what she would subject her slave to that night.  Slave piglet, for
his part, was also excited, and not a little apprehensive at what the night was
to offer.  He knew that whatever it was, it would ensure his total humiliation,
and his penis, having settled down a little within the cone, again began to
squirm slightly with his growing arousal at, and anticipation of events to come.

They duly arrived at their destination and, after parking the car, moved off to
the plush eatery.  Once inside a pretty little waitress dressed in an incredibly
short skirt that clearly showed off her lovely legs, right up to her stocking
tops, and a low cut white silk blouse that showed her ample cleavage off to
stunning effect, escorted them to a small alcove set up for two.  Slave piglet
noted that the waitress wore an "O" ring on her right index finger signifying
that she was a submissive herself.  He also noted that the restaurant was made
up entirely of alcoves similar to one they had been showed to.  It ensured some
amount of privacy to diners.  Once seated you could barely make out the other
similar areas with people seated in them.

Once the cute waitress had seated the two she rushed off to get menus for them. 
From the way she demurred to Mistress Lotta, slave piglet was able to ascertain
that she had served her before.  She returned with two leather bound folders and
bowed deeply as she handed one to Mistress Lotta.  The Mistress hardly
acknowledged her presence as she took the folder from her.  When she handed the
other one to the seated slave, however, she bent low and gave him an eyeful of
her large firm breasts within the loose silk blouse.  Slave piglet's pulse
surged at the sight of the beautiful, full orbs with thick golden bands piercing
their thick, pink nipples.  He also blushed prettily when he saw her smirk as
she read the demeaning inscription on his broach.

Almost as soon as the waitress had left to allow them to study the opulent menu
she was replaced by a tall male, dressed in an immaculate dinner suit, who asked
for their drink orders.  Mistress Lotta ordered two rum and cokes for them and
piglet flushed with pleasure for this was the first time his Mistress had ever
allowed him to drink anything alcoholic since he had become her slave.  The
drinks were duly delivered, then the waitress returned for their orders.

Over the next two hours or so they ate, swapping small talk as they consumed the
delicious meal. Their drinks were refreshed from time to time, and they drank a
bottle of Bolinger with their main course.  Once the four courses of the dinner
were finished the table, and dining chairs were removed from the alcove and the
two of them, Mistress and slave, sat back in the rounded sofa that formed the
rear and sides of the alcove.  A small table was placed to one side and after
dinner mints, a bottle of excellent port, and a couple of glasses were placed on
it by the drink waiter.  When he was finished he leant close to Lotta's ear and
whispered to her for a minute or so.  Piglet strained to hear what was being
said, his pulse racing because he rightly suspected that, whatever it was, it
most certainly concerned him.  He managed to overhear some snippets of the
whispered conversation, blushing with realisation when he picked up, "two
business men", "alcove 7" and "girls night out".

The waiter took his leave and the Mistress smiled, mockingly, at her
apprehensive slave while she poured port into two glasses.  "That was a lovely
dinner,"  she said, and then with a sadistic chuckle, continued, "But now the
real pleasure for us begins, my little slut."  She handed piglet his glass.  The
slave's hand trembled as he bought the small glass to his lips and sipped at the
rich liquid, and he felt his dormant penis begin to stir once again within the
tight confines of its hot, humid cone.  "When you have finished your port,
little piglet,"  She announced, "You are to go to alcove 4.  When you get there
you are to kneel before, and introduce yourself, appropriately, to its
occupants.  You are then to offer them, in terms that they find impossible to
resist, the services of your mouth, regardless of what sex they are.  You will
then provide that service to them, working diligently, until they are totally
satisfied. After appropriately thanking the occupants of the alcove for the
privilege of serving them, you will return to me.  I will then check you for
evidence that you have carried out my wishes.  If you fail me I will be very
angry and you can expect, at the very least, that your period of absolute
celibacy will be extended for a minimum of another three months.  Is all this
clear to you, piglet?"  she concluded, gazing intently at into the wide eyes of
her slave.

Piglet blushed furiously, while his delicately rouged cheeks burned with shame. 
"Yes, Mistress,"  he gasped, "Your wish is my command.  I pray with all my being
that I will not disgrace you."  Mistress Lotta beamed at her chattel and said,
"Drink up, little slut, and off you go!"  Slave piglet raised the small glass
and quickly drained it.  He rose to his feet, smiled at his dominant owner
shyly, and set off to find alcove number four.  It didn't take him long to
locate the darkish grotto, and he drew a deep breath, steeled his fluttering
nerves, and walked into the carpeted niche with a confidence that belied his
wildly palpitating heart.  Two middle aged men sat on the rounded sofa sipping
at after dinner drinks. The men were dressed soberly, in dark business suits,
and both were well groomed, exuding wealth in both their dress and deportment. 
They were quite startled when what appeared to be a beautiful young woman
entered their private domain.  They were even more startled when the vision of
loveliness slipped to her knees before them and immediately began to speak in
what they thought to be an unusually low voice for a girl.

"Masters,"  Slave piglet breathed, "I am slave piglet, bondage and sexual slave
to my adorable Mistress who I live to serve with all of my slave being."  Before
the seated men, who both gasped in astonishment at the words uttered by what
they believed to be a girl, could open their mouths slave piglet continued, his
eyes flicking quickly to the crotches of the seated men, noticing the beginnings
of swelling there, much to his relief, "My Mistress wishes to offer you the
services of my well trained mouth, Masters."  He added quickly, not giving the
seated men any time to recover from their shock, while at the same time,
convincing them that the experience of his talented mouth was not something they
should miss. "My Mistress is confident, Masters, that my clever lips and
talented tongue will give pleasure to your divine, and virile penises, such as
you have never before experienced."

Piglet noticed with a mixture of excitement and relief that one of the men now
sported an erection that threatened to burst right out of his trousers.  His
cheeks flushed crimson with his growing humiliation, his own penis beginning to
churn away in its cone, and his bloated testicles again began to ache savagely
with his own acute need.  He fixed his gaze on the cloth covered erection,
allowing obvious adoration to shine from his soft brown eyes and continued,
"Please!  Please!"  He implored.  "Adored Masters, permit me, a low slave,
depraved slut and decadent harlot the ultimate privilege.  Please! Please! 
Revered Masters.  Allow me to suck off your divine penises!  My lewd mouth longs
to be filled with your long, thick, hot,  stiff penises!  My lascivious taste
buds crave to be flooded with the succulent flavours of your creamy juices!  My
wanton belly yearns to feel the boiling juices of your holy testicles cooling in
it!  Please!  Please! worshipped Masters, permit this whore slut to pleasure
you!"

Finally slave piglet ceased his babbling pleas and gazed up at the shocked men
in eager, and hopeful anticipation.  He was glad that he was dressed as a woman,
for if the men knew that he was a male they may have refused him out of hand and
sent him back to Mistress Lotta in disgrace.  He held his breath while the
seated businessmen wrestled with their thoughts, becoming increasingly agitated
with each second that went by without them reacting to his entreaties.

Finally one of the men, the one with the already noticeable erection thrusting
out against his expensive trousers, looked over to his companion and smirked,
"Well, Charles, I don't know about you, but I have decided that I am going to
sample this little morsel's talents since she has begged so sweetly." The other
man took a couple of seconds before he too, agreed with his compadre.  The first
man to speak patted the sofa between the two of them and said to piglet, "Little
lady, why don't you come up and sit here while we get our drinks refreshed, and
ensure a little privacy for us."  Piglet flushed with happiness, and delicious
shame, as he scrambled to his feet and settled down on the sofa between the two
men.

One of them summoned the drink waiter then a somewhat awkward silence descended
on the group while they waited for service.  Piglet, not wanting the atmosphere
he had worked so hard to create to diminish, placed a hand in each of the men's
groins and began to pet their now stiff and throbbing penises through the fabric
of their trousers while whispering, erotically, "Oh, Masters.  I'm sure that
your godly penises are going to taste so wonderful.  My harlot mouth is watering
with yearning to taste their luscious heat.  I can't wait to feel their
marvellous hot lengths plumbing the depths of my adoring throat, and stretching
its elastic muscles to the maximum."  While piglet was thus engaged his heart
suddenly leapt into his mouth, for one of his Masters suddenly flipped back the
skirt of his business suit, and bared his bizarrely decorated groin.  Both men
gasped in astonishment and shock.

The first to recover gasped, "We've been conned by a transvestite queer!"  Slave
piglet was beside himself with fear, not fear of the men, but rather fear of his
Mistress should they make a scene and cause her embarrassment.  He did not even
spare a thought to the consequences for himself if they were to throw him out. 
He could bear the further period of enforced celibacy.  What he could not bear
was the thought that he would have displeased his precious Mistress.  He almost
yelped out in his eagerness to defuse the potentially volatile situation,
"Please!  Adored and revered Masters!  Do not think of me as a male.  When my
venerated Mistress offers my services to others I am no more than a sexless
whore.  That is why my worm is held captive.  I have no sexual needs myself, and
am a sexless slut whose mouth only exists to please my superiors.  Please! 
Please!  Masters!  Ignore my gender and allow me to pleasure you.  I am your
slut, your adoring harlot, and I exist only to worship and adore your beautiful
penises!"

While slave piglet cried out his abject supplications his hands worked
feverishly to caress, and sensuously squeeze the stiff organs of the objects of
his pleading.  Somewhere in the back of his mind it registered that neither man
had lost his erection.  After what seemed to piglet to last an eon, in reality
only a few seconds, the more dominant of the men spoke again.  Relief flooded
piglet's feverish mind as he listened, "OK.  I suppose we can make an exception
with this creature, and imagine it is what it outwardly seems."  He said,
flipping the slave's long skirt back down over his stocking clad legs. "Besides,
I'm so sexed up now that I need to cum, and as far as I'm concerned right now,
any mouth will do."  The other man, with more reluctance, finally agreed as
well.  Sounds approached the alcove, and the waiter suddenly appeared with new
drinks for the men.

While he was arranging the drinks, ignoring the action of the three with total
discretion, the more forceful man said to him, "A little privacy for a half an
hour or so, if you don't mind, James."  The waiter replied, "Of course, Sir." 
And when he left the alcove he drew a curtain across the entrance. The more
excited man, immediately the curtain was drawn, put his hand on the back of
piglet's head and began to force it down towards his crotch.  "Oh no, Master. 
When a slut and whore like me is given the privilege of adoring superior penis
she must be on her knees as befits her status as a slave." As soon as the words
were uttered, piglet slipped from the chair onto his knees before the seated
men. When he did they moved closer together and entwined their touching legs so
that their groins were as close together as possible.

Piglet knelt between the males, within easy reach of their mashed together
groins.  He reached out to the shier of the two and carefully unzipped his fly. 
He reached inside the man's trousers and delicately fished out his penis and
testicles.  When the organ was bare he saw that the penis was quite short and
thin, and the testicles merely the size of golf balls.  Piglet leaned forward
and tenderly kissed the glistening head of the throbbing organ and breathed,
barely audibly, "Your divine penis is lovely, Master.  I am overcome with
gratitude to you for allowing me to adore it."

The kneeling, feminised slave then, equally carefully, extracted the other man's
sex meat from his trousers.  This penis too, was quite short, but unlike the
other one it was thick and heavily veined. Piglet repeated his gratitude to the
seated man, for being permitted to worship his stiff sex pole.  He then
commenced to lap and lave each man's testicles with his long, agile tongue,
kissing up and down the now stiff and throbbing lengths of their aroused highly
penises, pausing at the tip of each to sensuously wash it with his hot tongue,
and to savour the spicy flavour of the pre-cum leaking from its little slit. 
The devoted slave continued to tease his subjects' pulsing sex stems with all of
his talented expertise for what seemed like hours, and until both men could
barely endure the pleasure that they were experiencing.

Finally, slave piglet began to go to work in earnest.  He chose the thin penis
first and engulfed it entirely into the hot wet cavern of his working mouth. 
Because the organ was so small he was not able to lodge its dripping head in his
gulping throat, so he used his tongue to massage the sensitive underside while
his head bobbed up and down in the man's groin.  Soon the man's bottom was
squirming around on the bench and his hands were buried in the sucking slave's
long hair.  His hips began to rut uncontrollably as his orgasm approached with
ever increasing velocity.  Sensing this, slave piglet brought his fingers into
play, caressing and squeezing the pleasure soaked man's hot, swelling testicles
while he allowed his mouth to relinquish most of the penis stem, until only the
head remained trapped by his lips.  Piglet sucked strongly on the ripe plumb,
like a staving baby at its mother's teat.  A shriek of absolute ecstasy was
literally torn from the convulsing man's gaping throat as he came.  His penis
erupted in piglet's adoring mouth, flooding it with a surprising quantity of hot
spicy semen.  Piglet swallowed for all he was worth, his submissive brain
singing with delight as he gulped the man's cum down while his eager mouth
continued to milk the spurting penis of every delicious drop.

As soon as he was sure that he had sucked the man dry piglet relinquished the
slowly softening organ and immediately turned his attention to the other eagerly
waiting penis.  This one stretched the slave's jaws wide, such was its girth,
and he plunged his gaping mouth down on it until about half of the hot stem was
buried.  This allowed the eager slave to draw his wriggling tongue to the back
of his throat. He then began to lash the tip of the man's penis with the end of
his tongue like he was whipping the nerve filled flesh with a velvet whip.  The
seated male could not take much of this so exquisitely excruciating pleasure,
and he was soon flooding the slave's mouth with the cream of his testicles too.
Piglet slurped all of the pungent fluid down his avid throat while he milked the
man dry with consummate skill.

When he was finally finished, slave piglet reached out to the side table and
took a napkin.  He used this to delicately clean each man's wilted, sated penis
of evidence of his lipstick and then, after tenderly, and devotedly kissing the
tip of each, fed the organs back into their owners' trousers and zipped them up. 
When he was done the slave knelt back and stared up at his Masters with love and
gratitude shining in his heavily made-up eyes.  "Oh thank you, adored Masters!" 
He breathed.  "Thank you for granting me the unrivalled privilege of being
permitted to suck your divine penises.  I thank you from the bottom of my heart
for allowing your sacred penises to spray my adoring throat with the luscious
cream of your peerless testicles.  I must return to my Mistress now, and thank
her profusely for allowing me to serve you so intimately."

Piglet then stood up and left the alcove.  He walked quickly back to Mistress
Lotta's grotto and knelt before her and proceeded to thank her for allowing him
to serve the men.  Mistress Lotta handed the slave a make-up bag and ordered him
to fix up his face which was somewhat dishevelled from his recent activities. 
Piglet quickly moved off to the ladies bathroom, blushing furiously when it hit
him that he had not even given a second thought to the fact that he was a male
when making this choice. While piglet was repairing his make-up Lotta wandered
over to the alcove he had just visited and poked her head through the curtains,
"Did my little slut perform satisfactorily, gentlemen?"  She inquired with a
smile.  The seated men, still recovering from their surfeit of sexual pleasure,
looked up at her with embarrassed surprise.  The more extrovert of them
recovered his wits first and then enthusiastically gushed forth at the skill and
devotion of the slave.  Mistress Lotta, satisfied with piglet's first test,
returned to her seat and waited for her slave to return.

While piglet had been occupied by his first trial Lotta had been busy setting up
his next assignment. She had discovered that a group of four bull dyke lesbians
were in the restaurant that night, celebrating the conquest of a new femme slut
they had discovered.  Lotta informed them that she would be sending her slave
over to serve them in any way they desired.  The group were eager, of course,
but Lotta failed to inform them that her slave was a male.  After all, he had to
have some difficulty in being successful or the test would not be severe enough. 
She smiled to herself at the thought of the reaction of the man haters to the
discovery that piglet had a hated worm between his legs, and the depths of
wanton depravity he would have to sink to to convince them that they should
still avail themselves of his services.

Slave piglet returned to their alcove fully recovered from his latest high, and
looking extremely pretty with his freshly applied make-up.  Before he had even
had time to collect his thoughts Mistress Lotta said, "Little piglet, I
understand that you performed satisfactorily with the two men I sent you to. 
Now let's see how well you can serve a group of women.  Get yourself over to
alcove 10, immediately, and I don't expect to see you back here for at least an
hour.  Master Frederick is going to meet me here in a couple of minutes and we
are going to plan for next saturday night's festivities at the club.  You will
at least have something to look forward to then, for one of the activities we
are planning is to have your man cunt lose its virginity.  We don't want your
presence distracting us while we discuss it.  Now go!"

Piglet wasted no time in obeying her snapped command.  His submissive brain
thrilled to the prospect of having a real, hot, stiff penis buried up his
accommodating rectum, instead of the cold plastic one it had grown so used to
since his servitude had commenced.  He quickly located the grotto he had been
ordered to attend and slipped inside its long dark curtain.  Piglet's face
flushed crimson at what greeted him.  The four women, all looking extremely
mannish and aggressive, sat together on a long settee. The table had already
been removed.  Each of the lesbians was dressed in male clothing, slacks and
shirts with open necks.  Tiny surges of terror wafted over piglet while he stood
anxiously before these daunting creatures with his head bowed submissively. 
Wild thoughts of what their reaction to his sex would be when they found out
filled him with foreboding.  Surely Mistress Lotta was aware of what type of
women these were.  She wouldn't, surely, set him an impossible task, or would
she.  He shuddered to think what her reaction to his failure would be.  He
resolved not to find out, and to ensure that this would be the case he would
have to, somehow convince these belligerent women that he could serve them just
as well as a true, favoured women could.  He would have to convince them that he
too was a female, in all respects except for the captive symbol of masculinity
trapped so deliciously between his smooth thighs.

He gathered his thoughts, steeled his palpitating nerves, and announced himself,
"I am piglet, sexual and bondage slave to my adored Mistress.  She has commanded
me to offer to serve you, revered Mistresses, in any way you desire."  There was
some mocking laughter among the leering dykes as they inspected the vision of
submissive loveliness standing before them.  Piglet's heart leapt in
consternation when one of the dykes barked out, "Raise your skirt, slut!  Show
your Mistresses your raunchy cunt!"  Piglet shuddered with dread while he
reached down to the hem of his skirt.  With ever growing apprehension he slowly
raised the skirt, revealing inch after inch of his stocking clad legs and
thighs.  He pulled the skirt up until his bizarre crotch was finally fully
revealed, and waited for their reaction with baited breath.

"What the fuck!"  Exclaimed one of the dykes.  "You're a fucking male!  You've
got a putrid prick between your legs!"  Another exclaimed disgustedly.  Piglet's
heart was crushed.  He fell to his knees before the furious dykes and began to
blubber.  "Mistresses, I am sexless.  My Mistress does not allow me to act as a
male.  I am a woman for you!  A slut and a harlot dedicated to pleasuring your
divine pussies with her female tongue!  Please!   Please!  Allow this whore's
sluttish tongue to worship at the shrine of your holy pussies!  Please, I beg
you sweet Mistresses, allow this slut's depraved female tongue to taste the
paradise of your sacred rosebuds!  I implore you, divine Mistresses, slake this
whore's obscene thirst with gushes of golden champagne from your hallowed
pussies!"

On and on slave piglet went, his self debasing offers becoming more and more
depraved with each utterance as he implored the dykes to use and abuse him in
every way imaginable.  Finally he ran out of both breath and ideas, and flopped
forward on his knees to slobber submissive kisses over the toes of the shoes of
the dyke he had perceived to be the leader of the group.  Stunned silence hung
in the air for about thirty seconds while the angry dykes calmed down a little,
"At least it begs like a slut."  One of them finally said in a voice still
filled with disdain.  Another added, "I've never allowed a male's tongue to
touch my twat before, and I'm not about to now."  And piglet's heart sank in
abject misery, but then soared briefly when the woman continued, "I might,
however, be persuaded to let it use its vile tongue on my arsehole."

The dykes wrestled with their growing, lustful desires, weighing up the
sensations they might experience, the pleasures they could savour, against the
fact that these pleasures would be being delivered by the tongue of a hated
male.  Piglet held his breath while continuing to adoringly kiss the woman's
foot in a display of abject, servile submission.  The group seemed to take
forever to finally agree, and piglet literally glowed with happiness when the
leader finally said, "Let's take it to the bathroom, strip it, and put it to
work.  If it doesn't perform better than the best femme slut we've ever had,
then we'll take its putrid cock as a souvenir before we give it back to its
owner."

Piglet flushed with terror when he heard these words, especially as the woman
who had uttered them produced an evil looking dagger with a sharply honed blade
from her carry bag to emphasise her words.  He made a silent vow that these
woman would experience such pleasures, as they had only previously dreamed of,
at the hands of his highly skilled tongue.  He would work and work and work,
until they were totally exhausted and completely and utterly sated.  They would
never forget this night, or the so called male they enjoyed, for as long as they
lived, slave piglet vowed while he was being frog marched, by two of the dykes,
towards the ladies bathroom.  They had his arms held firmly behind him, and one
of them had grasped him by the long flowing locks behind his head and had quite
cruelly wrenched his head back so that he could not see properly where he was
going.

He was, however, just able to make out the huge form of Master Frederick sitting
with his Mistress as he was propelled past her booth.  His trapped penis
squirmed hotly within its cramped confines when he thought of the erotic and
degrading plans they might be devising for him.  The feminised slave was quickly
hustled into the well appointed bathroom by his captors, and was then roughly,
but efficiently stripped of his outer clothing, "Well, doesn't the vile harlot
look sexy in her erotic finery."  One of the women snickered as she forced the
slave to his knees on the white tiles.  While she did this one of her colleagues
harshly grasped each of the slave's wrists and clipped their cuffs to his slave
collar to render his hands useless to him, saying as she did, "We might allow a
male's slimy tongue to pleasure us, but he'll never have the opportunity to
touch our superior bodies with his hands.

When slave piglet was finally in a position that satisfied his tormentors, they
stood around his kneeling nudity, boxing him in so that no matter which
direction he turned his head in his eyes were greeted by the trouser clothed
crotch of one of the dykes.  He could already detect the pungent aroma of
un-perfumed, female sex which, of course, caused his sensitive nostrils to
twitch in eager anticipation. One by one the butch women lowered their trousers
and, since none wore any form of under clothing, immediately revealed their
profusely hairy mounds.  All but one of the women remained facing the kneeling
slave, the odd one out being the woman who had previously signalled her
intention that no male, no matter how feminised, was going to taste her pussy. 
She had turned her back to the slave and his gaze was presented with her
voluminous buttocks.

"We'll take it in turns guys."  The group leader declared, "Starting from you
Johnny," She continued, indicating the woman on her left, "And ending with me. 
But first I have to take a leak."  Before she could leave the little group slave
piglet stammered out, his cheeks blushing crimson with delicious shame, "Please,
Mistress, use my slave mouth to relieve yourself.  Permit me the privilege of
drinking the golden champagne from your sacred font.  Please!  Please! Adored
Mistress, I long to serve you!" The haughty lesbian laughed down at the
grovelling slave with delight.  "All right, slut.  Head back! Here it comes!" 
She cried as she swung her leg over the kneeling piglet's upturned face so her
hairy vulva was poised over his wide open mouth.  Almost before piglet had had
time to prepare himself a torrent of hot, salty, tangy urine cascaded from the
woman's splayed sex and splashed down into his mouth.  Piglet gulped wildly as
he fought to consume the fierce flow.  Some of the copious flood of fluid
dripped down his chin, and some splashed into his eyes making them sting and
causing him to blink rapidly.  The woman seemed to have and endless supply for
the slave to contend with, and it took all of his mental steel to keep
swallowing until the torrent finally began to ebb.

The slave soon regained his composure, however, and his long agile tongue swept
out of his gaping mouth and lapped the residual drops of his dominator's urine
from her tangle of pubic hair with true slave-like devotion and submission. 
"Oh!  That was good!"  The woman sighed.  "I really needed that."  She peered
down at piglet and asked imperiously, "Did you enjoy your drink, whore?"  "Oh!
yes Mistress!"  Piglet cried, "Your precious golden nectar tastes delicious,  I
cannot adequately express the feeling of gratitude I have at being allowed to
drink it for you."  The woman chuckled for a few seconds and then snapped, "Get
on with it, whore.  We haven't got all night!"  And then, brandishing her evil
looking knife, added.  "Don't forget what's in store for you if you don't
perform to our complete satisfaction, slut!"


Slave piglet shuddered with dread as he turned to his first subject.  As his
face approached the hairy grotto that was the dyke's steamy crotch, her heavy,
pungent odour flooded his reeling senses.  "I like my slut's to get their whore
faces right into my cunt while they're pleasuring me, harlot, so that all they
are aware of is my lovely cunt meat, and their undying, never ending need to
worship and, more importantly, to completely and utterly satisfy it.  Get to
it!"

He took a deep breath and plunged his upturned face into the sticky, hot, swampy
mixture of drenched flesh and crinkly hair.  His long, well trained tongue
ploughed into the sopping meat in a frenzy and, true to his dominator's desires,
he rummaged around in her dripping trench with his entire face until it was
coated with her flowing juices.  The excited dyke was soon revolving her hips
wildly in time with the slave's mashing face and wildly lapping tongue.  Her sex
juices were literally flowing down the slave's chin and dripping onto his
heaving chest as her excitement grew.  Piglet's nose crushed the woman's rigid
clitoris over and over until, with a yell of triumph, her pussy began to spasm
and she slipped over the peak into ecstatic climax.  While she came she grasped
piglet's long hair in her fists and literally ground his face into her churning
swamp and the piglet, for his part, struggled for vainly for breath while he
elatedly slurped at her flowing sex font and gulped her pungent juices down like
a starving pig.

When the woman's cataclysmic orgasm had finally ran its full course the woman
released slave piglet's hair and thrust his face away from her sated crotch. 
She breathed in short pants and gasped out to her colleagues, "This piece of
male shit has some potential.  With about two years hard training it might even
meet our standards for a female slut!"  "Me next, whore!  I get off when the
harlot sinks her tongue right up my cunt hole and uses it to massage the hole's
hot, silky walls.  I even reward those sluts able to tickle my cerv with their
tongue tips"  The second dyke in the circle surrounding slave piglet's kneeling
nudity cried, adding, "Get on with it!"  Slave piglet quickly slipped his
upturned face between the woman's muscular thighs and crushed his open mouth
hard up against the ragged, dripping entrance to her gaping vaginal cavity.  The
slave drove his incredibly long tongue deeply into the standing woman's pulsing
vagina and was immediately rewarded with a flood of her strongly aromatic
juices.  He began to slosh his buried tongue around wildly, licking ever more
strongly at the writhing velvety walls.  His tongue soon began to ache with his
efforts, but rather than slacken off, the slave became even more diligent and
sensuous in performing his obscene task.

Slave piglet soon had this woman too, approaching her orgasm.  When he sensed
this, he made a supreme effort and thrust his aching tongue even more deeply up
the flowing, spasming hole that he worshipped.  His submissive brain buzzed with
slavish delight when the tip of his wildly wriggling tongue encountered the
silky, firmly muscled ring of the woman's cervix.  He tickled the dilated mouth
with the tip of his tongue until the standing female exploded in ecstasy and her
convulsing vagina surrendered copious quantities of her sex juices, almost
choking the slave as he worked tirelessly to draw out the climax for as long as
he could, for the dominating dyke's increased pleasure.  After thirty seconds or
so the sexually exhausted woman thrust his mouth away from her swollen sex and
panted, "I think this slut deserves its reward."  And lifted her left leg high
to bare the crinkled pout of her anus. "You may kiss my arse hole, slut!  That
is your reward!"  The cruel dyke cried with a laugh.  Slave piglet's cheeks
blushed with shame.  But never the less he dutifully slipped his woman juice
soaked face between the woman's bottom cheeks and tenderly kissed her spicy
rigid muscled rosebud as though it were the most beautiful thing on earth.

A hand soon dragged slave piglet around to his next task of service.  This was
the dyke who had refused to have male tongue on her sex.  She presented the
slave with her backside, leaning forward slightly so the slender cheeks split
widely to reveal the nestling ring between them.  "You may tickle my arse hole
with the tip of your tongue while I wank myself off male harlot.  But no dipping
it in the hole.  Not only wont I tolerate male tongue on my cunt meat.  I wont
even countenance male tongue reaming my arse hole.  No male deserves even such
small pleasures!"  The woman's fingers were soon busy in her hairy split,
delving around in the dripping meat, plunging deeply into the silky hole, and
vigorously massaging the spike of her strongly erect clitoris.  While she worked
for her own pleasure slave piglet contented himself with teasing the pulsing
ring of her anus with the tip of his tongue.  The woman soon came, and stood
back up quickly, not wanting a hated male mouth on her body for any longer than
was absolutely necessary.

And so it came to the leader of the group of dykes, the last of them slave
piglet was to service.  By this time his jaws ached terribly, and his tongue
felt like it wanted to shrivel up and die.  He had been using it constantly now
for almost an hour without let up.  The final woman dragged his face around so
that it was poised an inch or so from her hairy sex.  The slave gasped when he
saw that the dyke had a clitoris that was the size of a small penis, even larger
that the one his adored owner possessed.

"Suck my clit, whore!"  The woman cried.  "Suck on it as though your life
depends on it for, even if it doesn't, I can tell you that your putrid cock and
vile balls certainly do!"  She continued, brandishing the evil looking knife she
had threatened slave piglet with earlier.  The slave shuddered in terror as he
threw himself into his task with a fervour bordering on desperation.  He had no
doubt in his own mind, although it lingered in the back of his head that his
Mistress would never allow these vile women to mutilate him, that the dyke would
be true to her threat, and cut off his penis and testicles if he didn't please
her.  He engulfed the dyke's huge clitoris in his hot wet mouth until it crammed
the cavity almost full.  Her rancid flavours enveloped all of his senses and
imbued him with such submissive and servile happiness that he forgot all about
his fears and began to suck it with avid single minded purpose. His tongue went
wild over the throbbing spike lashing at it like a tireless, velvet threshing
machine.

Slave piglet suckled the woman's clitoris until her hips began rolling, out of
control.  It was all he could do to keep his lips glues to the base of the
pulsating stem while his tongue lapped and laved it with all the erotic
expertise the slave had built up during his time of submission.  He tickled the
length of sex meat maddeningly, and then drew it to the back of his gulping
throat and used the highly trained muscles their to massage its tip wildly over
and over.  The dyke's pleasure grew and grew until she was shrieking out loud
with the sheer intensity of her delight.  It couldn't last, of course, and with
a yell of triumph, the woman climaxed.  Her clitoris jerked and pulsated in
slave piglet's happy mouth as she came and came.  Juices literally poured from
her sex font and dripped down onto the slave's bare chest.  He suckled the
spasming clitoris for all he was worth while its owner orgasmed over and over.
Finally she thrust his face away, gasping for breath.

When the sexually exhausted woman finally regained control of her reeling senses
she panted, "You're right, sister.  This male harlot certainly does have
potential as a cunt sucker.  But even though it performed OK it could never take
the place of a female slut."  The dykes continued to talk among themselves as
the pulled up their trousers and adjusted their clothes.  While they were thus
engaged slave piglet wondered to himself that if they hated males so much why
did they try to dress as closely to the male example as possible. 

When the woman were finished they looked down at the still kneeling slave.  What
an obscene sight he made, his face covered with slowly drying female sex cream
that had caused his make-up to smear so badly that his face looked like that of
a child who had been playing with its mother's cosmetics.  Two of the dykes
leant down and dragged the slave to his feet.  They frog marched him over to a
vanity table and sat him before it.  "We are going to fix you up so you look
like we like to have our whores and sluts look, harlot."  The leader informed
him as one of her colleagues cleaned his face and chest of their accumulated
juices with a dampened paper towel.  The women then re-applied the slave's
make-up, much to his embarrassment and shame.  They painted his lips jet black
and brushed his face with pale white powder.  His eyes were heavily decorated
with deep purple mascara and his lashes coated with black cosmetic.  When they
had finished his face looked like that of a punk harlot, the type you see
walking the streets in lesbian neighbourhoods.  Slave piglet was beside himself
with shame.  What would Mistress Lotta think, he wondered to himself, when she
saw his face looking like this.

The gathered dykes sensed his concern but only laughed at it mocking the slave
as he dressed.  "We wont take you back to our alcove, slut."  The leader
declared when slave piglet had finished dressing. "So you can say your goodbyes
to us now."  Slave piglet immediately dropped to his knees, head bowed in
submission, before the quartet of lesbians and cried, "Adored Mistresses!  It
has been this slut's privilege to have been permitted to serve you.  This harlot
worships the ground you walk on and is beside herself with joy and gratitude at
being afforded the unrivalled honour of being permitted to taste the wonderful
flavours of you luscious vaginas and succulent anuses.  Your devoted harlot
thanks you from the depths of her soul revered Mistresses!"  Piglet remained on
his knees until the lesbians had all left the bathroom.  When the had gone he
rose to his feet and left himself.  He glanced at the mirror and blushed beneath
his make-up at the punk look he now had, and hoped that his Mistress would not
be angry with him for it.  On his way out he noticed that the period of service
he had provided the lesbians had lasted almost two hours.

Slave piglet rushed back to Mistress Lotta's alcove.  She was seated alone,
Master Frederick already gone, and looked up at him with the beginning of a
smirk on her face as she inspected his face while he stood before her, head
bowed in deference to her presence.  "It's different, little piglet."  She
commented on his face, and added, "But I don't think we'll make it a habit." 
"Sit down while I finish my drink.  I've already settled the check, and I want
to get home so we can try out that new toy you got at Mistress Cassandra's
establishment."  Slave piglet flushed with happiness at the thought of what joys
he would experience while serving his Mistress, and couldn't wait to get home.




Chapter 10 - The Toy and The Wall

As soon as the duo arrived home Mistress Lotta sent slave piglet off to strip
off his suite while she also removed her own gown and donned a silk peignoir
over her erotic lingerie.  She called to piglet to join her in the living room
as soon as he was ready.  The excited slave got undressed as quickly as he
could.  His heart was pounding with acute anticipation of what was to come. 
Almost entirely forgotten were the deeply ingrained feelings of disgrace and
shame that had afflicted him ever since this bizarre night had begun.  He rushed
down the dark passage to the living room, then fell to his knees and crawled
into the presence of his imperious Mistress.  His hopelessly trapped penis
squirmed madly in its confining cone, as it always did when he was allowed into
the presence of his owner.

Once inside the large room slave piglet could see that his Mistress had already
started to prepare for their new game.  She had dragged the armless, backless,
black leather ottoman into the centre of the room, and had attached leather
cuffs to the short legs at each corner of the seven foot long, five foot wide
sofa.  "Get up on the sofa, little piglet, and lie on your back with legs and
arms out stretched to the corners.  Quickly now!"  Mistress Lotta ordered.  The
kneeling slave quickly scrambled up onto the leather couch and arranged his
nearly nude body as commanded.  The Mistress then moved to each corner and
shackled the slave's ankles and wrists to the legs of the low settee.  She
tightened each so that when she was finished slave piglet was unable to move an
inch and his smooth skinned body was tautly stretched.

Mistress Lotta placed the box containing the new sex toy on her slave's heaving
chest, and sat on the sofa next to his prone, bound body.  "Let's see what we
have here,"  She mused, almost to herself, as she tore the container open and
spilled its contents onto her piglet's chest.  The slave blushed prettily as he
stared at each item.  Mistress Lotta picked up a full face mask of supple
leather first and, after inspecting its design closely, showed it to the slave
for his edification.  It was a simple zip up mask with a couple of bizarre
differences, similar, in design, to a number of sensory deprivation masks that
the slave had seen before.  Moulded into, and hanging from its eye sockets were
two long metal stalks. Similarly, moulded into the nose area was a single,
flexible rubber hose about two feet long, and the mouth area had been cut away
completely so that the wearer would have complete freedom in that area. Lastly
there were three quite large, strong metal rings moulded into the leather of the
mask so they could not be pulled free, one at the apex of the hood, and one on
either side of it, where the wearer's ears would be.

Mistress Lotta next took up a beautifully designed dildo and gag combination. 
The clear plastic penis was ten inches long with a diameter of around two
inches, and was totally transparent.  The hole at its tip was much larger than
normal.  At the base of the dildo was a plug gag arrangement, also constructed
of clear plastic.  At the join of dildo and gag were a series of tiny, convex
mirrors, some pointing upwards into the dildo, and a couple downwards into the
gag.  On the outside of the column of plastic a small battery was fixed at the
join, and it powered a small filament inside the dildo.  Two straps hung from
the outside of the gag join and there were two a tiny openings at the front of
the join with a screw flange attached to each.  Mistress Lotta put this
instrument aside and took up the last piece of equipment from the box.  This was
a small inflatable butt plug of supple rubber with a screwed hole in its base.

Having closely examined the equipment making up the toy, and working out in her
own mind how to assemble it, Mistress Lotta said to her waiting slave, "One more
thing before we prepare you, my little slut."  She got up and left for a couple
of minutes leaving her slave to look at the reflection of his tightly bound
nudity in the ceiling mirror.  When she returned she threw a cock presenter
strap, and a long stiff feather on the couch between slave piglet's wide spread
thighs.  "Now I'm ready,"  Mistress Lotta said with a giggle, "Let's get
started.  I'm so horny, little piglet.  We'll get this hood on you first."  She
continued, and quickly raised his head and slipped the supple leather hood over
it.  She packed her slave's long hair into the hood and then zipped it up.  When
she had finished slave piglet's head was almost entirely encased in leather
which fitted to his facial contours like a second skin.  Only his mouth was
clear of the clinging leather, and his eyes could only perceive two dots of
light at the ends of the metal stalks hanging from the helmet's eye sockets. 
Once she was satisfied with the helmet Mistress Lotta took three long pieces of
cord and threaded each through one of the rings in the hood. She tied each off,
tightly to a hook embedded in the base of the sofa.  When she was finished slave
piglet found that he could not move his trapped head, even a fraction of a
millimetre, in any direction. The slave sighed to himself in happiness at the
stringency of his bonds and elatedly wallowed in his utter defencelessness.

The Mistress then took up the dildo gag apparatus and pressed a tiny button next
to its battery.  The plastic pole was immediately brilliantly lit by the burning
filament, as was the gag portion.  "Open up, little slut,"  Mistress Lotta
ordered, "I have a little gift for you."  Slave piglet's mouth flew open in
response, and Mistress Lotta slipped the wide gag into it.  She told the slave
to poke his tongue into the central hole of the gag as it was pressed deeply
into his gaping mouth.  Once it had been fully inserted Mistress Lotta swiftly
pulled its straps around the slave's head and, pulling them tightly together
buckled them securely.  When she was finished slave piglet seemed to possess a
black leather head from which sprouted ten inches of brilliantly lit, plastic
penis.  Looking down into his gaping mouth his gulping throat could clearly be
seen, and his long tongue wriggled about lewdly in the centre of the gag whose
girth stretched his still black painted lips impossibly wide.

Satisfied with this part of her task Mistress Lotta decided to attend to the
slave's groin next.  As she worked she spoke softly to the prone, bound male
slut, "I'm going to really test your worm's self control while I take my
pleasure, little piglet."  She straddled the slave's chest, allowing her ample
bottom cheeks to rest on his smooth skin, and unlocked and removed slave
piglet's chastity cone, gazing in delight at his penis which, once free of the
cone's cramped confines, swelled and stiffened until it jutted out from the
velour crotch strap as rigid as a bar of steel, the mighty pink painted head
which capped the huge lust pole visibly vibrating with his growing sexual
excitement.

She took the cock presenter strap and carefully enclosed the base of the slave's
penis with it, careful not to touch either it, or his swollen, fiercely aching
testicles with her fingers.  Once she had the strap in place, with its triangle
properly positioned at the pulsing base of the thick stem, she fastened it
tightly. With the task completed, the presenter caused slave piglet's long stiff
penis to stand straight up from his crotch, pointing to the mirrored ceiling. 
The veins tracing the thick stem of the perfectly shaped penis pulsated with the
slave's coursing, hot blood.  Mistress allowed her voluptuous, panty clad bottom
cheeks to settle heavily onto her slave's heaving chest for a couple of minutes
while she stared at the standing penis with pride.  She was immensely happy that
she owned and controlled such a marvellous specimen of male sexuality.

"You do have a deliciously handsome little worm, you darling slut.  I could gaze
at it for hours on end while it stands, stiff and proud for my enjoyment, and
not even a hint of scum to mar the beauty of its trash slit.  It's such an
obedient slut stalk that it's almost a pity that I am going to have to tease and
torment it so terribly while I take my pleasure, to make sure that it remains
totally obedient to my wishes and continues to behave as a slave worm should." 
With that Mistress Lotta rose from slave piglet's chest and stood by the sofa
admiring the slave's erotic posture while she carefully removed her panties.

With a sigh of pleasure she picked up the small butt plug, bent forward at the
waist, and slipped it into the tight, hot cavity of her hard muscled anus.  Once
the rubber plug was securely in place the Mistress slowly pumped it up until it
comfortably, and erotically stretched her rectal chute open, and the tiny hole
running up its centre was fully open allowing air to flow through.  She then
straddled the slave's leather encased head with her full thighs spread wide, and
her knees on either side of it, facing the slave's feet.  She reached behind her
bottom and retrieved the tiny rubber hose attached to the slave hood's nose
piece.  She peered down at the tiny nose cone, making sure that the breathing
holes were open so piglet would not suffocate, and then delicately pushed the
other end of the tube into the hole in the centre of the butt plug.

Slave piglet's submissive brain began to buzz with delight as soon as the heady,
sickly sweet aroma of Mistress Lotta's humid rectum began to compliment the air
he was forced, by the gag in his gaping mouth, to breath through his nose.  His
senses reeled with masochistic joy and he sniffed deeply at the spicy,
humiliating scent of his owner's rear hole, at the same time concentrating
wildly to prevent his bloated, aching testicles from releasing even a hint of
the pre-cum that so incensed Mistress Lotta when she saw it.  After a tight, but
short battle he overcame his need and could again relax and enjoy his erotic
situation , if only briefly, for he new what exquisite torture his lovely
Mistress could inflict on the throbbing penis and aching testicles with that
infernal feather.

Next Mistress Lotta took each of the stalks attached to slave piglet's hood's
eye sockets and delicately screwed them into the flanges at the join between
dildo and gag.  Bright light immediately flashed into slave piglet's eyes
causing them to water profusely.  He blinked rapidly to clear his eyes.  After a
couple of minutes his sight returned to something approaching normality.  What
he was then greeted with made his heart pound with excitement and wanton lust.

The extremities of the room looked tiny and far away, as though viewed through
binoculars turned around the wrong way.  But what was closer, however, was
profoundly enhanced, like being seen through a strong magnifying glass.  At the
peripheries of his vision slave piglet could see what seemed to be the massive
expanses of Mistress Lotta's creamy thighs with their lacy stocking tops and
suspenders.  When he looked downwards his excited eyes were met by the debauched
sight of the interior of his own mouth in extreme close up.  He shivered with
shamed degradation while his wide eyes took in his wriggling tongue in the
centre of the gag, and his gaping throat which convulsed in time with his
panting breathing.

When the slave's eyes peered upwards his pulse raced madly, for he was greeted
by the forrest of curly blond hair that decorated his Mistresses magnificent
pudendum.  The vision was so enhanced that the slave could have counted each of
her silky pubic hairs one at a time had he wished.  Nestled in the forest of
hair were the pink swollen lips of her gorgeous vulva, slightly parted as a
result of her wide spread thighs, together with her obvious state of high
arousal.  While he stared in rapt awe at the beauty of Mistress Lotta's stunning
sex lips slave piglet was once again forced to battle with his control over his
own sex meat as his fevered brain fought to expel, not just a spurt of pre-cum
from his bloated testicles, but actual jets of full cum.

While slave piglet fought his solitary battle with his own lustful yearning,
Mistress Lotta lowered her groin to the tip of the upstanding dildo, bringing
her large erect clitoris into clear view, peeping so alluringly from the apex of
her swollen sex lips.  She slowly worked the tip of the dildo between those
wonderful lips and soon slave piglet's awed gaze was met by the sight of his
Mistresses dripping interior, the clitoris tip in close-up so stiff and red, the
tiny hole of her urethra pulsing with excitement, and finally the ragged opening
to her silky vagina, all pink and wet.  Slave piglet was almost beside himself
with yearning, and his palpitating heart was almost bursting such was the
intensity of his craving for the sex so graphically displayed in front of his
adoring eyes.

A hand suddenly appeared on the pole of the long dildo.  Mistress Lotta
carefully positioned the tip of the pole at the entrance to her vagina, and then
took her hand away.  Slave piglet stared in wonder while she allowed her bottom
to fall and the huge dildo speared into her hot, moist, and most welcoming
vagina.  He watched in rapture while inch after inch of the hard plastic stem
oozed its way into her heated depths.  Slave piglet was treated to the sensual
and carnal sight of his Mistresses silky walled vagina gripping the hard plastic
and rippling its muscles all over the invading pole.  His heart fluttered even
more wildly when the velvet mouth of her clenching cervix came into view,
already dripping with the juices of her lust.

Mistress Lotta sighed in consummate contentment when the tip of the dildo
touched her spasming cervix and threatened to actually enter her womb.  She
savoured the delightful feeling that being so impossibly stuffed with dildo gave
her heightened senses for a few seconds before she leaned forward and picked up
the feather she had placed on the sofa between her captive slave's spread
thighs.  Mistress Lotta immediately began to tickle the smooth, taut skin of the
slave's hugely bloated testicle sack with the tip of the tantalising instrument
of torment.  Slave piglet's brain almost exploded in ecstasy and had he been
able to, he would have been squealing with pleasure, and throwing his head
around in abandon as the acute sensations caused by the feather on his most
sensitive nerves flooded him.  He groped blindly in his own mind for control. 
Wild thoughts coursed through him.  He could not fail his Mistress at this the
eleventh hour.  But his squirming testicles were relentless in their strident
need to release their boiling juices.  Slave piglet continued to panic madly but
somehow, he would never be sure how he had managed it, but he did finally
control his almost maddening desire to let some of his churning semen slip.

Mistress Lotta began to pump her hips up and down on the dildo while continuing
to torment her slave's large juice filled testicles with the tip of her feather,
tracing the tiny veins, pulsing with coursing blood so tantalisingly.  Slave
piglet stared in lustful wonder while the mighty plastic penis plunged, slowly
at first, in and out of his Mistresses stunningly beautiful sex sleave.  He
watched intently, the walls of her moist vagina ripple against the hard
impersonal plastic.  He shuddered with yearning when he saw those same muscles
squeeze the invading lust pole in ecstasy.  Soon small drips of her fragrant
essence dripped down the interior of the dildo and fell on piglet's delighted
tongue and slid down his joyfully accepting throat.  He marvelled at the
delicious flavour of her vaginal secretions, and looked forward to the flood
they would turn into when she climaxed.

As her excitement grew, and her first orgasm rapidly approached, Mistress Lotta
discarded the feather so she could use both hands to steady her body while she
quickened the pace with which her rolling hips plunged up and down on the mighty
dildo.  All the while she spoke to her slave, tormenting him even more with her
words, "Look closely, poor slut!  Look closely at what your poor worm will never
experience.  See how my silky pussy muscles squeeze the wonderful plastic prick! 
Enjoy your close-up view of what your Mistress gives to Masters, but never to
slaves!  Wouldn't you just love it to be your little worm being so cleverly
milked, little slut, instead of this wonderful plastic cock!  It feels sooo
good, little piglet! Sooo goooood!  I love it so!  Poor slut!  Poor slut!  It
gives me such pleasure to be able to show you so graphically what you'll never
feel, the incomparable pleasure of a Mistresses flawless pussy milking great
gobs of scum from your ecstatic worm!  You'll never know such ecstasy, poor
slut!  Never!  Never!  You live to serve a pussy that will never serve you! 
Endure your torment with love and devotion, poor little slut!  You can only
dream of the ecstasy my immaculate pussy could visit on you worm, for you will
never, ever know it, poor little slut!  Watch!"  She squealed, "Watch as my
pussy gushes, poor little piglet!  Experience paradise while you drink the
elixir of my orgasm you lucky, lucky, lucky little slut!"  She cried as her
climax exploded over her and her juices gushed and gushed.

Slave piglet gazed in awe at the climaxing vagina of his adored Mistress.  It
was as if she had turned on a faucet in her sex hole for the juices literally
flowed from her writhing vagina walls, and flowed down the tube of the dildo and
onto the slave's wildly wriggling tongue, then down his ecstatic gulping throat.
The rich, heady flavour of her flowing juices completely dominated her euphoric
slave's existence for the thirty or so seconds that she climaxed for.  He gulped
down vast quantities of the elixir, his masochistic brain buzzing with absolute
delight and blissful happiness.  When her climax was finally exhausted, Mistress
Lotta allowed her large, shapely bottom cheeks to rest heavily on her slave's
leather encased face, with the dildo buried to the hilt up her still vibrating
vagina.

She panted and gasped for breath as she recovered, slowly, from her shattering
orgasm, her mighty breasts, encased in silk and lace rising and falling on her
wide torso with each deep inhale.  "Oh That was soooo good, my sweet little
slut."  She panted.  "I just knew that I was going to just love this little toy
so much!  Don't you love too, poor little piglet!  Don't you just adore seeing
my pussy experiencing its pleasures so graphically!  Doesn't it just fill your
heart with gratitude that I allow you to see so intimately, the pussy that you
are dedicated to serving with every fibre of your being, but will never, never,
feel the exquisite touch of it on you little worm!  Doesn't it just fill you
with longing you poor darling little slut?"

The slave would have been profuse in his thanks for the gift his Mistress was
bestowing on him had he been able.  His brain was still in turmoil from the
sights he had so recently revelled in.  He could not imagine a more beautiful
sight than that of his Mistresses divine vagina writhing in the ecstasy of
sexual release.  His mind glowed with happiness and his heart pounded in joy
when she continued, "I'm going to come at least six more times before I go to
bed tonight, my little piglet.  Won't you just love seeing my pussy gush again
and again.  Aren't you overcome with gratitude to me for letting you savour my
luscious juices so often?  I'm going to use this toy over and over from now on,
little piglet.  It gives me so much pleasure to know that you will be
constantly, and so graphically reminded of what you are going to miss for all
your life, my sweet little slut."

She took up the feather once again while beginning the slow bouncing of her hips
once again, giving the ecstatic slave piglet a renewed view of her silky vagina
being worked over by the very stiff dildo.  This time Mistress lotta traced the
veins, pulsing with hot blood, that ran up and down the thick stem of her slaves
erect and throbbing penis.  This was not as strikingly intense for the slave as
the teasing of his bloated testicles had been earlier, and he was able to more
fully enjoy the wanton sight of the dildo ploughing in and out of her writhing
vagina.  Again Mistress Lotta teased her chattel unmercifully with her constant
banter at what he was missing and would never experience.  Her vagina quite
quickly gushed its juices this time while she moaned in ecstasy, and surrendered
her elixir to her joyfully accepting slave.

If slave piglet was allowed to concentrate solely on the pleasure associated
with watching his Mistresses vagina taking its pleasure for the second time,
such was not the case for her following orgasms, for she focused the attention
of the tormenting feather on the head of his rigid penis almost constantly for
the whole time, only stopping when she needed both hands for balance while she
wrung yet another cataclysmic climax out of her seemingly insatiable sex pit. 
She teased the nerve filled glans until slave piglet was almost hysterical with
desire.  How his exquisitely tormented penis maintained control even he didn't
know.

While the head of his huge stiff, throbbing penis was being subjected to the
relentless, constant teasing of the feather until its ecstasy was transformed to
carnal agony Mistress Lotta also kept up a constant barrage of obscene chatter
to further sensually torment the suffering slave.  Slave piglet was not sure in
his own frantically panicked brain which was harder, the torment inflicted on
his pleasure soaked penis, or the craving need he felt to sink it into the
stunningly beautiful vagina he so adored.  He was lucky that it would never be
his decision to make, and this was all that really kept him going.  Mistress
Lotta extracted the tube from her butt plug and clambered off her slave's head
after enjoying her final orgasm.  She reached down and retrieved her panties
from the floor and delicately wiped, first her still dripping pudendum with
them, and then the sticky length of the dildo.  She then deflated the plug in
her rectum, extracted it, and wrapped her soiled panties around the rubber
object so erotically seasoned by her humid rectum.

While she worked Mistress Lotta explained to her slave, "I'm going to leave you
set up here until the morning, piglet, for I am sure that I'll want to make use
of this toy again as soon as I wake up.  You'll be comfortable I'm sure, and you
can dream of my pussy all night."  She took the nose tube and poked its end into
the panties she had used to wipe up her juices adding, "This will allow you to
remember this night for a while, little slut."  She reached over and
extinguished the light in the dildo and prepared to go to her bedroom.  As she
turned out the main lights in the living room she call out to her bound chattel,
"Enjoy the sweet aroma of my pussy while you dream, dear little slut.  Be
thankful to your Mistress for allowing you such pleasures so often, you really
are the luckiest of slaves, to have such a generous Mistress to worship."

Slave piglet enjoyed the darkness after his most harrowing ordeal.  He breathed
deeply through his nose so that he could enjoy the delightful aroma of his
Mistresses sex, seasoned slightly with the equally enchanting, but fetid
fragrance of her gorgeous rectum.  It took the slave's penis over a half an hour
before it finally softened and collapsed between his tautly spread thighs. 
Slave piglet mentally agreed with what his Mistress had said.  He was indeed the
luckiest slave on earth to have a Mistress who subjected him to such complete
and immaculate humiliation.  Who so delighted in forcing him to wallow in such
extremes of degradation and depravity.  A Mistress who controlled him so
comprehensively and fed his masochistic urges with such diversity and abundance
that he almost never thought of anything else during even his most mundane
waking hours.  His brain had become so attuned to submission and service that he
never thought of anything else.  It had become his nature and he adored it, as
he worshipped the magnificent woman who had first reduced him to, and then
relentlessly maintained him in such perverse and obscene depths.

The slave spent the night in fitful dozing.  Each time he woke he breathed
through his nose and smelt the exquisite aromas of Mistress Lotta's immaculate
sex, and his huge penis snapped to attention and throbbed with desire.  Each
time this happened, of course, the slave had to breath through his mouth to
allow it to soften, and thus allow him to get some more sleep.  As the night
wore on the panties began to loose their delicious fragrance and the slave was
able to sleep for more extended periods.  He awoke with a start seeing that it
was bright daylight, and therefore quite late in the morning.  Despite the
slave's awkward sleeping position he woke refreshed, and ready for another day
of full service.  His heart raced when he remembered that Mistress Lotta had
promised to make use of his new toy when she got up.  Just thinking of this
caused his penis to stiffen and rise to its glorious rigidity.  The slave
marvelled at how easy it had become for him to retain an erection.  The merest
thought of his Mistress, not to mention the sight or smell of her was enough for
him to become acutely aroused.  This, of course, pleased Mistress Lotta
immensely, for as she was wont to say, "A stiff worm on a slave is a constant
reminder to a Mistress that her slave truly adores her, not to mention, visual
proof to her peers that this is so."

Slave piglet heard the unmistakable sounds that heralded that his Mistress, too,
had woken up.  His submissive heart fluttered when he heard the door to the
lounge open.  His sensitive nostrils twitched as soon as he smelt his owner's
sweet fragrance when she approached the couch his stretched out body was bound
to.  "Good morning, little piglet."  His mistress said, "I hope you have slept
well."  She picked up the feather and traced the length of his throbbing penis
with it, "I'm so glad that you are so devoted to me, darling little slut.  The
display of your little worm is proof of this.  I'm so glad, in fact, that I have
a tiny reward for you before I relieve my hungry pussy."

Slave piglet's pulse surged as the light on the dildo was turned on and his gaze
was greeted by the alluring sight of his Mistresses descending vulva.  She
reached down with one hand and spread the thick lips of her succulent vulva and
carefully positioned the wide hole in the head of the dildo under her pulsing
urethra.  She then dropped her hips slightly so the hole was wedged up against
her and, with a huge sigh of contentment, began to urinate into her overjoyed
slave's mouth.  Slave piglet watched in rapture as a torrent of golden liquid
flowed from her font.  Such was the quantity of urine that she released, and the
pace with which it poured from her, the slave had no hope of swallowing fast
enough to keep up with the flow, and the steamy golden water soon filled the
mighty dildo.  Relieved, Mistress Lotta rose from her position squatting over
the slave and watched in amusement, and pride while his adam's apple bobbed up
and down in his neck and he swallowed the golden elixir she had presented him
with, the level of acrid liquid falling within the dildo with each of the elated
slave's mighty gulps.

As soon as the dildo had been completely emptied Mistress Lotta again straddled
her slave's head and plunged her vagina down onto the large sex pole, driving
downwards until it was buried up her clutching sleave, to the hilt.  In contrast
to the previous night's performance she neither teased her slave's rigid penis,
nor tormented him with erotic chatter as she languidly masturbated her vagina. 
Her first climax came rapidly, and she bathed the slave's gaping throat with a
fresh coating of her spicy sex cream.  She then settled down to a slower, more
sensuous masturbation to drive her to her second climax, still panting at the
intensity of the first, and now began to talk to her slave.

"Today is the big day, little piglet.  Just think, six whole weeks since you
little worm has spurted.  I can imagine the amount of offal that must be boiling
in your fat scum bags by now.  Much too much for your shoe to cope with I'm
afraid.  So I have a surprise for you."  Then she explained to the jubilant
slave that he would be soiling Master Frederick's slave sow's fat arse cheeks,
newly enhanced tits, and even her swampy whore gash with his worm spit as the
last act at the club that evening, right after this slave had shown off those
freshly enlarged udders for the pleasure of the patrons.  Just before she had
her second orgasm Mistress Lotta explained to her chattel that he would be put
to work at the club from midday to ten pm that night.  It was to be his final
test before his longed for relief.  She prayed that he would not fail her at
this late hour, and he vowed silently to himself that he wouldn't.

Mistress Lotta clambered off her slave's bizarrely decorated face after her
climax, and went about freeing the slave from his stringent bondage.  When he
was free she instructed him to clean up the new toy and pack it away, then to
bath and dress in readiness for the trip to the club.  As soon as he was ready
he was to attend to her, and then they would go.  Slave piglet rushed off to do
her bidding, his heart pumping wildly with sublime joy.  He quickly cleaned the
hood, dildo and butt plug and packed then away.  Then he showered and shaved,
and dressed himself in a scarlet, formal slave costume.  He donned his chastity
belt and crammed his large, ropy penis into its cone and locked it in place.  He
then made up his face, rouged his bloated testicles and painted his nipples and
the thick head of his penis with pink lip gloss.  He inspected himself in the
mirror and glowed with slave pride at the depraved creature that he saw
reflected there.

Slave piglet then rushed off to attend to his gorgeous Mistress.  He bathed her
voluptuous body with infinite care.  It was one of the slave's favourite times
for, not only was he able to enjoy the sight of his Mistress nude, but he was
also, of course, permitted to touch her most intimate areas with his hands. 
After her bath he dressed his stunning Mistress in one of her most erotic
ensembles, his penis churning insanely in its cone as he added each item to her
luscious voluptuousness.  When she was ready she told the slave that she had put
out some new jewellery for him to wear, and instructed him to pack his shoe for
transport.

Slave piglet went to his vanity table and saw the earings and pendant his
Mistress had laid out for him. He blushed furiously at the humiliating nature of
the jewellery he was to wear.  The earings were large and heavy, made of
sterling silver they depicted penises bent double and wound with gold wire.  He
attached them to his earlobes, thrilling to the pull of their weight on his
tender flesh.  The pendant was especially degrading for a heterosexual like
slave piglet.  It was a large medallion style piece with its central area
showing a penis disappearing into a widely stretched mouth, and written around
the outside of the medallion like a slogan were the words, "I Am Slave Piglet
And I Adore Sucking The Divine Penises Of All Masters".  The mortified slave
shivered with delight as he hung this deliciously degrading sign of his slavery
around his neck.

Slave piglet then moved over to, and knelt before the shrine that housed his
sacred shoe and whispered his abject supplication to it, "Oh, glorious shoe that
has known the presence of sweet Mistress Lotta's beautiful foot, I beg you to
forgive me, her devoted piglet, for soiling your luxurious leather with the scum
from my spewing worm.  My heart is bursting with sorrow at so foully defiling
your glory with my vile worm scum, and I beg your mercy.  I will love and adore
you forever, worshipped, shoe for whom I exist to adore with all my being."  He
then reverently lifted it from its pedestal and placed it in the ornate carrying
case that had been made especially for it by his Mistress and crawled out to
join her.  The two of them then went off to the underground car park.  Slave
piglet rode to the club in the rubber lined boot of the limousine, as was his
normal wont.

When they arrived at the club Mistress Lotta handed slave piglet over to the
care of two of the club's male slave attendants, both nude with their penises
doubled over with their thick heads locked behind their bulging testicles.  The
two slaves led the piglet up and into the main area of the club and over to the
bathrooms.  On his one previous visit to the club slave piglet had wondered
about the fourth door in the row.  The first three were self explanatory in
their labelling, "Mistresses", "Masters", and "sluts", but the fourth had
intrigued him with its label, "Relief Suite".  He was about to find out at first
hand.

The attendants guided slave piglet into the small room and what greeted him
caused the slave's heart to race with excitement.  Against the rear wall, and
jutting out about a foot from it, and reaching from floor to ceiling, was a
rectangular column.  About four feet above the level of the floor a pair of
smooth, naked buttocks protruded, almost like a trophy a hunter would hang on
his wall.  The well muscled cheeks, obviously male, were widely split baring the
anal pout of the trapped slave, the rest of whose body was entirely hidden from
view.  Printed below the obscenely displayed bottom were the words, "Harlot
Arsehole - Please ensure that it is well cleaned after use."

Immediately above the protruding bottom a vagina was presented.  It too was the
only part of the slave's body visible.  The thick lips of the female sex organ
were widely spread, revealing the pinkish red interior of the slave's sex with
its ragged, moist hole already spasming slightly as a result of the slave's
sensual arousal, or was it because she thought that the persons who had entered
the room were Masters, and she was attempting to lure them into using her
offered sex, rather than the male anal ring. Slave piglet assumed that this was
so because the male slave was also obscenely winking his anal pout at the same
time.  The clitoris of the female slave was large and semi erect, and slave
piglet flushed when he realised that he had seen this particular sex before.  It
was slave sow's offered vulva that he saw.  He thrilled when he saw that its
plump, smooth lips had been extensively pierced since he had last seen it, and
each long lip had had three little golden rings inserted.  Little cords tied to
each of these rings, and then to hooks embedded in the edges of the hole in the
wall, ensured that the lewdly presented sex would remain well spread.  Above the
lasciviously presented female organ were the words, "Whore Gash - Please ensure
that it is well cleaned after use."

At the base of the rectangle presenting the two sex holes for use was an
adjustable step apparatus, designed to allow the users to comfortably position
their penises at the level of the hole of their choice. It was what was next to
this sexual presentation that really made slave piglet flush with tingling
degradation.  Attached to hinges protruding a couple of feet out from the wall
was a sort of gate like structure.  A four foot square box like object was fixed
to the gate frame.  A large hole near its top, and a smaller one near its base
were the only apparent openings in the box.  A flap of leather hung by catches
from one side of the upper hole.

One of the club attendants worked on some latches on the outward side of the box
and opened it out into two hinged halves.  The other house slave man-handled
slave piglet until he had him positioned, on his knees, with the front of his
body pushed flush up against the front wall of the box.  Piglet's face was level
with the top hole, and his crotch with the bottom one.  One attendant took a key
Mistress Lotta had given him and quickly removed slave piglet's chastity cone
and worked his long, limp penis through the lower hole, while his companion
strapped piglet's arms and legs, having first bent the later double at the
knees, to the surface of the front of the box.  When both were satisfied the
large container was again closed and latched, thus completely enclosing slave
piglet's tightly bound body.

The leather flap was then fixed over the top half of slave piglet's face and the
edges of the hole tightened so that his head was kept immobile.  The totally
trapped slave noticed that the flap was equipped with tiny eye holes so that he
could see out, but still kept him strictly anonymous.  His cheeks flushed hotly
within the humid confines of his bondage when he was able to read the
instructional insignia on the box in the mirrored wall opposite.  Immediately
above his captive face were the words, "Slut Mouth - Combined pleasure giver and
pussy/penis/arsehole cleaner", and immediately below the words, "Please ensure
that the height of the slut mouth is adjusted correctly when it required to
clean harlot arsehole or whore gash".

Slave piglet's heart pounded even harder when he looked down at his dangling
penis at the base of the imprisoning box for there was a temporary sign pinned
there which read, "If this handle should leak, please inform Mistress Lotta
immediately".  One of the attendants ordered slave piglet to open his mouth and
poke out his tongue.  Needless to say the trapped slave complied without delay. 
He watched as the slave uncapped a small bottle filled with a golden liquid. 
Piglet's pulse raced in excitement when a small amount of the liquid was poured
on his out thrust tongue and his jubilant taste buds were inundated with the
delicious flavours of his adored Mistress' golden nectar.  The subjugated
slave's reaction was instantaneous.  His enormous penis almost snapped to erect
attention, such was the stimulating effect of the urine on his slavering tongue. 
Once the pole of desire had attained full, throbbing stiffness the attendant
quickly tightened the hole around its broad base, to ensure that it remained in
that state.  He wasn't to know that slave piglet would have maintained the
erection without any assistance, such was both his state of arousal, and his
almost surreal need to endure extreme humiliation, and what could be more
humiliating for a slave than to have his own stiff, aching penis used as a
handle to guide his dutiful mouth to a recently used anus to suck it clean of
the aromatic semen deposited up it.

The two attendants, once they were satisfied that all was in order, left the
Relief Room.  It took almost two hours before the door was opened once again and
two dominants, one of either sex entered the small room.  Both were dressed in a
mixture of leather and rubber, and were obviously a couple given the
complimentary natures of their costumes.  The Mistress leant down, giving slave
piglet a nice view of her ample cleavage, and popped a series of press studs
that held her mate's crotch pouch in place. When that particular piece of rubber
fell away from the Master's groin his large genitals were revealed. He wasted no
time in presenting his long penis to slave piglet's trapped mouth, driving the
semi erect pole deeply into the ecstatic slave's hot, wet mouth.  Slave piglet
lustfully sucked the stiffening organ until it pounded with excitement and grew
to proportions that stretched his gulping throat wide.

With his penis rigid and throbbing from the attentions of slave piglet's
talented mouth, not to mention suitably lubricated for its next journey, the
Master ripped it from piglet's hot oral cavity, mounted the step in front of the
other wall, and drove the glistening stem through the slave's anal ring and up
his hot, humid rectum, to the hilt, in one mighty plunge.  He sighed with
delight at the tightness of the slave's rear sleave on his throbbing penis, and
began to pump it in and out with long full strokes.  His dominant companion
watched him violate the slave's defenceless rectum for a few minutes, her own
fingers slipping under the leather of her minuscule panties to caress her own
moist pussy casually.  She sighed with her growing passion and suddenly stripped
the tiny garment off to reveal a gorgeous hairy vulva, dripping with the juices
of acute arousal.

The Mistress, almost with casual nonchalance, backed her svelte bottom up to
slave piglet's captive face until its split, and the ridged rosebud nestling
there, was within easy reach of his long tongue.  Slave piglet needed no urging
to do what he loved to do, and soon his tongue was wetly lapping at the spicy,
firmly muscled pout.  While the slave was overjoyed at being permitted to feast
on her anus the Mistress continued to masturbate, three of her fingers plunging
in and out of her seeping vagina while her thumb flicked at, and crushed the
tense button of her burgeoning clitoris.

The two dominant's excitement was palpable as one raped a defenceless anus while
the other masturbated to the exquisite sensation of a soft, submissive tongue
working tirelessly on hers.  Soon little shrieks of ecstasy vied with panting
grunts as orgasms approached.  The Mistress climaxed first. As she peaked she
crushed her bottom cheeks up against slave piglet's wall and cried out with
pleasure when she felt his slave tongue spear as deeply as it could into her
pungent anal chute.  She clamped the wriggling worm tightly in her anal ring
while the orgasm shook her body with its intensity, only releasing her hold on
it only when the waves of pleasure coursing through her began to wane.

A mighty yell coming from her mate signalled that he too was climaxing, spurting
his essence into the anal hole of the slave in a series of explosions of sheer
delight.  He continued to pump wildly at the captured anus that had given him
such pleasure until his testicles were fully drained.  Then he pulled his barely
wilted penis free.  The long, thick stem was richly coated with brown tinged
white cream, and the Master wasted no time in feeding the well seasoned organ
into slave piglet's waiting mouth to be cleaned.  The slave's taste buds were
immediately swamped with the slightly fetid flavour of excrement, mixed with the
musky savour of fresh, hot, semen.  He was in heaven and he tongued the hard
meat with consummate pleasure and devotion until he had cleaned its entire
length of every speck of its depraved coating.  The Master withdrew his penis
from slave piglet's mouth and his companion immediately reached down and grasped
the slave's standing penis in her gloved hand.  She used it to pull his box
around until his face was brought up flush with the dripping anus of the
recently violated slave.

Slave piglet flushed, inside the box, with delighted degradation and avidly did
his duty.  His mouth was soon literally glued to the anal ring of his fellow
slave, and his long agile tongue was deeply buried up the chute of his wide
rectum.  Slave piglet sucked strongly for the juices so recently spurted into
the intimate hole.  He took time, in his own world, to cherish the degenerate
flavours of the sex juice so perversely seasoned with the pungent secretions of
the slave's well reamed rectum.  He worked avidly at the job of first emptying,
the hot hole, and then diligently cleaning it of all traces of the erupting
penis it had milked so efficiently, until his box was again swung back into its
normal place by the impatient Master, and the two dominators left.

The next visitor was a male who wasted no time in mounting the step and plunging
his throbbing penis into the welcoming vagina of slave sow.  The man was so
stimulated that he came after only a dozen strokes, and emptied his testicles
into the velvety sleave.  Almost as an after thought, he swung slave piglet
around by his rigid penis, adjusted the height of his face, and allowed him to
tongue the tasty vulva clean.  Slave piglet was overjoyed.  This was his first
taste of slave sow's gorgeous sex, even if it was enhanced by a load of hot
penis juice, and he was beside himself with joy while he slurped away at the
dripping meat until he had removed, and swallowed all it had to offer.

Three Masters arrived next, and they decided to gang rape slave sow's
defenceless vagina.  Since only one at a time could get at her the other two
amused themselves with slave piglet.  One would feed him his erect penis while
the other tickled the tip of the slave's jutting stem with a tiny vibrator.  It
took all of pig;et's immense self control to stop his aching testicles from
releasing their bottled up juices, and even though he was overjoyed that his
tormentors seemed happy, he was silently praying for this little session to end. 
The stimulation of the maddening vibrator on his hugely swollen penis head was
almost too much to bear.

After what seemed an age each of the Masters had finally deposited the essence
of his testicles up slave sow's silky vagina.  When slave piglet's face was
hauled around so he could clean her out his heart pounded at the sight his face
approached.  Slave sow's vulva lips were hugely swollen and red.  Her prominent
clitoris bulged obscenely at the apex of her dripping sex lips rigid, and
visibly pulsing with her arousal, and huge quantities of viscous man juice
dripped from her loose, wildly spasming hole. Just before he plunged his tongue
into the pulpy swamp slave piglet wondered to himself how many times slave sow
had come while she was being so delightfully gang raped.  From the state of her
pussy he surmised that it would have been plenty of times.  He went to work with
gusto, his agile tongue scooping huge mouthfuls of spicy sex cream into his avid
mouth, which he swallowed with equal enthusiasm.  He sucked her delicious sex
sleave out like a human vacuum cleaner, and treasured every drop of the sex
elixir it was his privilege to consume.

The group of Masters stood around talking to each other while the slave worked. 
So engrossed were they that they didn't notice when slave piglet had finished
his task, so he took the added time to delicately tease slave sow's burgeoning
clitoris with the tip of his clever tongue, and was rewarded with a fresh flow
of her succulent joy juice.  Then one of them noticed, and piglet's trapped body
was returned to its idle position.  The group of Masters left the room
commenting on, and laughing at the sluttish obscenity of this night's mouth
slave, much to the jubilant disgrace of slave piglet, whose senses were, by this
time, completely, and blissfully engulfed with the erotically depraved flavours
and aromas of penis and pussy.

For hour after hour Masters and Mistresses, either alone, or in groups, made use
of the slaves held captive in that room.  Slave piglet drank gallons of sex
juice of both sexes, spiced with the occasional draught of salty golden nectar
when a dominant, in the course of taking his or her pleasure, could not be
bothered with interrupting their activity to go to the bathroom to relieve
themselves.  Slave piglet though to himself, on these occasions, "Why should
they, when they had a perfectly acceptable, and joyfully acquiescent alternative
to use."  After many hours of these activities slave piglet himself became in
dire need of the bathroom, and it took a monumental effort in concentration for
him not to disgrace himself by soiling the interior of his prison with his
wastes.

Finally, at about nine thirty in the evening, after a period of non stop service
amounting to over nine hours, slave attendants again entered the room, placing a
sign on the door indicating to patrons that the service would be temporarily
interrupted.  They had three fresh slaves with them, this time all female. The
two slave providing the sex holes were released first.  Slave piglet did not see
either, for they were released behind the wall, and there must have been another
exit they could use.  Slave piglet was then released, and his chastity cone
replaced after they had softened his penis by rubbing it with a piece of ice,
and commanded to fix his make-up, which had, of course, been totally destroyed
by the constant activity he had been engaged in.  Once all this had been done he
was given a key with which to unlock the back flap of his chastity to allow him
to relieve himself, and was instructed to return to his Mistress after he had
finished cleaning himself up.

Slave piglet, muscles still aching, dropped to his knees and, after first
submissively kissing the bare toes of each of the attendants, crawled from the
Relief Room.  He crawled faster than he would normally, for his bowels and
bladder were both bursting, but, never the less, he was careful to mince and
roll his bulging nude bottom cheeks sexily, just in case a Master or Mistress
should see him.  The slave would have been mortified if it had got back to his
Mistress that he was acting in any way other than the depraved harlot and
debauched slut she had worked so diligently to reduce him to since he had come
into her possession.

Never the less, as he crawled towards the door marked Slaves and Sluts, his
cheeks still burned with shame at the humiliating sight his grovelling nudity
must have made.  He was, in fact, quite surprised that, over time, he had not
become used to the continuous debasement that he subjected himself to.  Not that
he would have been complaining, of course, for he adored the acute sense of
disgrace he felt more than anything else in the world.  Not withstanding all
this slave piglet was quite relieved to find that the bathroom was quiet, and it
was with a sense of extreme relief that he withdrew his butt plug, and sat on
the ornate toilet (There were no cubicles in the slave bathroom for, as we all
know, slaves have no need of privacy no matter what activity they might be
engaged in) and, with a huge sigh of utter contentment, relieved the pressure on
his bladder and bowels.

Once his ablutions were completed he replaced his butt plug, shivering with
depraved pleasure as the huge rubber cylinder sank into the welcoming depths of
his rectum, and re-locked his chastity flap in place.  Oh how he longed for his
first experience of living, hot, throbbing, divine, dominant penis plumbing his
depths, rather than cold hard, impersonal rubber.  He quickly sat at the long
vanity table and shuddered with shame at the awful mess his face had become.  He
started off by thoroughly cleansing his features with soap and warm water, then
dried his smooth skin and carefully re-applied his make-up.  He worked until he
was satisfied that his facade was once again that of a handsome, albeit
sluttish, young woman.

Slave piglet left the bathroom with his pulse racing with a mixture of lustful
excitement, and joy at the thought that he would soon being in the presence of
his worshipped Mistress.  He crawled into the main area of the club in his usual
erotic and whorish manner, quickly located his Mistress, and crawled over to her
alcove.  The petite Mistress Desire was, as usual, in the company of Mistress
Lotta, and the two domatrixes were busily chatting away to each other when the
slave arrived.  Piglet was slightly disappointed to see that slave pussy had not
accompanied her Mistress.  He was quite looking forward to renewing his
acquaintance with that bizarre and erotic creature.

Slave piglet, as soon as he was in the alcove, bent and kissed the shiny black
leather of his Mistress' high heeled pumps and handed her the key to his
chastity, then remained in his prone position with his naked arse slabs raised
high, and lips glued to his owner's shoe to await her pleasure.  Mistress
Lotta's only acknowledgment of her slave's presence was the fact that she took
possession of the offered key. The two Mistresses continued their conversation
as though he were not even there.  Slave piglet half listened to what they were
saying and peered out of the corner of his eye at the stage, which was being
prepared for the second to last performance of the evening.  His own much craved
display was, of course, to be the last.  The slave shuddered slightly when this
though hit him for, to date, he had not been informed of the form it was to
take, except that his achingly swollen testicles were to be permitted to shed
all of the juice they had accumulated over the previous six weeks.  Needless to
say, given his current state, he could not wait for this to happen, no matter
how humiliating and degrading the circumstances might be.

The minutes drifted by and slave piglet's ears pricked when the subject of slave
pussy came up. Mistress Lotta asked her friend what the latest status was on her
little slave, and Mistress Desire replied, "The little slut has her new cunt,
Lotta dear.  From what I am told she is extremely proud of it, and flaunts it at
anyone who will look at it just like the lascivious little whore she is. 
Apparently the wounds the operation caused have healed completely with no sign
of infection.  I am so pleased, and can't wait for her return."  Mistress Lotta
interrupted, inquiring, "When do you expect to have the little slut back,
darling?"  Mistress Desire replied, "Well she still has ten days to go on her
course of udder enhancement with Frederick's marvellous doctor friend, so I
suppose she'll be back in about eleven or twelve days."

Mistress Lotta next words caused the hot, lusty blood in slave piglet's veins to
boil, "We must plan for a party when she's back, Desire darling.  so she can
loose the virginity of her new little whore hole in appropriate style."  She
commented, leaning forward and tapping the base of slave piglet's bulky butt
plug before continuing, "As you are aware little piglet also, still has a
virginity to loose.  I have already spoken to Frederick about this.  Perhaps we
should have a joint deflowering evening."  "What a marvellous idea, Lotta!" 
Mistress Desire exclaimed.  "Why not have it at my place out in the country. The
weather is so nice and warm at this time of year.  We could make a weekend of
it.  It's so nice to watch see slaves frolicking in the outdoors from time to
time, don't you think."  Mistress Lotta quickly agreed, obviously pleased with
developments, saying, "That would be just peachy, Desire.  I'll let Frederick
know, and I'm sure that he'll agree.  He's not here tonight, but the sow is.  In
fact I'm to deliver her to him after the shows are over.  I'm sure that, even
with the slut's enlarged tits, she'll be able to fit in the boot with piglet."

Slave piglet shivered with happiness at the thought of spending time in the boot
with the voluptuous slave sow to play with.  A few minutes later the club
manageress, beautifully, and dominantly dressed as usual, went over to her
microphone and announced, "Friends, we are coming to the end of this evening's
festivities.  Two final acts are about to be staged for your enjoyment.  The
next show will be performed by Master Frederick's slave, sow.  She is to unveil
her sluttish udders, not seen in public since the whore has returned from a
clinic devoted to the enlargement of those appendages.  While the harlot prances
around, flaunting her wares, she has been instructed to explain to us what
having her tits enlarged means to her."  She switched off the microphone and
moved away to her special table, where she was attended by a brace of her own
house slaves, both male, both nude, and both with their penises bent double with
the heads locked behind the bases of their testicles, the chastity method
favoured by the club manageress to ensure the celibacy of her male slaves.

Slave piglet stared hard and could just make out the short frame of slave sow,
standing on the dim stage.  His heart pounded with awed lust when the lights
over the small stage came up and the stunningly beautiful slave was revealed in
all her erotic glory.  She was dressed in the standard hose and garter belt,
with spike heeled pumps on her dainty feet.  But it was her chest that made the
eagerly gazing piglet's heart really race.  Her breasts had been huge when he
had last seen her.  Now they were literally enormous, at least a third larger
than they had been.  Their huge masses jutted out almost eighteen inches from
her slender torso, and their moon-like shapes bulged out inches past her arms on
either side of her body.

The stiff, ringed nipples capping the immense pale skinned mounds were at least
an inch long, as thick as old style wooden clothes pegs, and pale pink in
colour.  But what was even more amazing about the breasts was that, despite
their monumental size and obvious weight, they did not sag down towards the
slave's belly button as one would have thought they must, given the sheer mass
of the appendages, rather they jutted proudly almost straight out from slave
sow's torso.  When he was able to tear his eyes away from slave sow's fabulous
breasts slave piglet noticed that the rings piercing the lips of her vulva, and
the base of her clitoral bud, had been gathered up and locked together with a
golden padlock ensuring that she would not be able to have her sex penetrated. 
Something slave piglet surmised that she would not be overly disappointed about
given the number of penises that had been plunged into its hot depths over the
course of that day.  In fact the lips of her sex were still slightly swollen,
and maintained a reddish hue from the excesses it had been subjected to.

After remaining stock still for a few seconds, slave sow slowly raised her arms
until she was able to lock her fingers behind her head.  This caused her
marvellous mounds to stand out even straighter, and higher on her slim chest. 
She began to slowly roll her shoulders causing her enormous breasts to wobble
about and shimmy while she thrust them proudly out towards her audience.  She
settled into a steady rhythm, and spread her full thighs apart and complimented
the carnal display of her magnificent mounds, by erotically pumping her hips
back and forth to further emphasise the depravity of her performance.  The small
stage started to revolve so that all of the watchers were able to get a decent
view of the slave's obscene and lewd display, and she began to speak to them in
a clear voice, thick with lust and debauchery.

"Mistresses and Masters!"  She cried.  "I am a slut!  I was born to be a slut! 
I have always been a slut!  I adore being a slut!  I long to remain a slut for
ever!  I yearn to be reminded that I am a slut during every conscious minute of
my life!"  She drew another deep breath increasing, ever so slightly, the pace
with which she rolled her shoulders and rutted her hips, and continued.  "When
my adored Master took possession of my whore being I became not only a slut, but
also a slave.  If being a slut gave me joy, then becoming a slave as well has
filled me with consummate happiness.  My adored Master believes that the depths
of a slave's sluttish perversity is directly proportional to the size of her
udders.  I am overjoyed to know that this is entirely true.  Ever since he had
his doctor friend treat my fat tits to increase their size so hugely my sense of
servile submissiveness has grown and grown, and the feeling of sluttish
depravity, which I so live for and crave, are deliciously enhanced."

By this time slave sow was literally throwing her immense breasts around on her
torso with such vigour that she had to continuously move her feet, and lessen
the exaggeration of her rutting hips, to manage to keep her balance.  She
continued to declare her stature and submission with ever increasing obscenity
as her lust and masochism were given full rein, "I am filled with eternal
gratitude to my worshipped Master, for reducing my existence to that of a set of
obese udders, with a whore gash attached below, and a harlot mouth above.  It
pleases me above all else that when I flaunt these fat udders in the prepense of
my superiors, they will always have a hot twat to slake their lust in, or an
avid and lustful mouth ever ready and longing to work for their pleasure, or a
tight, hot, elastic arsehole that would be just dying to be violated for their
satisfaction."

She went on and on for at least ten minutes.  The sweat was literally flying
from her shuddering body, and her back was beginning to ache savagely because of
her strenuous exertions.  she was almost yelling at the end of her obscene, and
demeaning display, "I am the complete slut!  I am the total slave! I exist to be
a whore!  I love to show what a perverted harlot I am!  Nothing pleases me more
than to demonstrate how utterly depraved and debauched I have become, and will
continue to be for the rest of my harlot existence!  I thank my adored Master
from the bottom of my heart for accepting my total surrender to him.  For
allowing me to revel in my submission and to live out all my sluttish phantasies
so delightfully!"

The lights over the stage began to dim until, finally, they were distinguished
altogether.  There was a smattering of applause for the slave's performance, but
considering the almost benign nature of her act, a display of her breasts
really, this was to be expected from an audience so used to much more obscene
and depraved performances.  After a quarter of an hour or so, the manageress
again stood before the microphone and addressed the patrons, "The final
performance is about to start my friends.  This involves Lotta's slave, piglet. 
Lotta tells me that she has been punishing her slut by keeping him celibate over
the past six weeks.  He had the temerity, it seems, to allow his worm to leak
its scum when she allowed it to be stiff and free when in her prepense.  Hardly
a truly slave-like performance when granted a reward of such benevolence.  But
Lotta reports that he has responded to his training with such devotion and
submissiveness, and she is so pleased with him, that she is rewarding him by
permitting his scum bags to rid themselves of their dregs for our
entertainment."

The woman continued, while slave piglet blushed furiously, and described the
manner in which he was about to be permitted to climax, "As you might remember,
those of you were here for this slave's debut performance, Lotta has endowed him
with a cum icon.  One of her old shoes.  The slut is forbidden to gush unless he
is able to see this icon, and recite a supplication to it while his slug spews
its offal over the surface of the shoe.  For this performance, however, Lotta
has decided to allow him to splatter his worm dregs over, first the chubby arse
slabs of the slave, sow, then her obese tits, and finally, her whore gash.  With
each gush, he is to make a supplication to the area he is defiling as though it
were his icon.  Lotta has laid a finger on each of the sow's body parts
involved, even though this is normally beneath her dignity as we all know, to
assist the perverseness with which her slut will make his entreaties of
submission.  The piglet will, immediately after each spurting of his ball trash,
diligently clean it from the sow's skin as though it were his icon he was
cleansing.  Finally, dear friends, he will demonstrate to us his utter
submission by squirting his trash only when his icon, the shoe, is revealed to
his gaze.  His worm must erupt immediately the shoe is shown, and must cease
immediately he is no longer able to stare in absolute adoration at it.  Should
slave piglet fail to perform to these instructions precisely, Lotta has assured
me that he will begin a fresh sentence of celibacy, and this one will last three
months."

The manageress left the microphone to a buzz of excitement wafting around the
room, and commanded two of her attendants to assist in setting up for the
performance.  For his part, slave piglet was beside himself with intense
excitement, his trapped penis churning away in its cone like an agitated eel. 
His brain was singing with lust, but also to the acute sensations of
embarrassment, tinged with dread. While he had become used to climaxing on
demand, he had never been made to cease the spurting of his penis during what
might be the middle of a climax before, and he was filled with terror at the
thought that he may not have the control to be able to do so.  Not, as you might
imagine, because the act, in itself might be difficult, if not impossible to
achieve, and therefore he would incur a new punishment of sexual denial, but
rather that if he could not do it, after his Mistress had obviously decided he
should, his failure was going to reflect on her, and would cause her to loose
face among her peers, and he could not bear for this to happen.  With a jolt of
absolute terror causing his heart to flutter wildly, he decided that if he
failed his Mistress this night he would beg her for the ultimate punishment, to
banish him from her presence forever, for not being a properly submissive and
obedient slave.

While all these wild thoughts were filling his consciousness Mistress Lotta
looked down at his kneeling nudity with a mocking smile and said, "Aren't you
ecstatic at the gift you are to receive, piglet?  Don't you just adore your
Mistress for the pleasures she allows you?"  Slave piglet bowed his head low and
slobbered kisses all over his imperious owner's shoes while mumbling, "Oh yes,
beautiful Mistress! You are so good to your slave.  I do not deserve such boons. 
You are so kind, how can I ever thank you?"  Mistress Lotta put on a stern voice
and replied, "You can thank your Mistress for her generosity by following her
instructions to the letter, by displaying your absolute submission to her whims,
and above all, by not disgracing her by failing in your appointed task.  Now off
you go, little slut.  Off you go and enjoy yourself, and make me proud of you!"

Slave piglet dropped to his hands and knees and crawled off towards the stage. 
His heart was pounding with humiliated ecstasy, which added to the acute arousal
that was causing his testicles to ache with a force he had never experienced
before.  As soon as he reached the darkened platform two male slaves dragged him
to his feet and positioned his body in the centre of the raised dais.  Two
rectangular blocks were positioned about three feet apart on the stage and
anchored to its floor.  Each rose about two feet above the floor, and was
equipped with three, evenly spaced straps.  Slave piglet's lower legs were
placed on top of these blocks and strapped to them at ankles, calves, and knees
so that while he knelt on them, he would not be able to overbalance and fall
off.

As soon as they were satisfied with their job, and were sure that the slave was
secure, the two attendants moved off the small stage leaving piglet alone. 
Piglet could just discern, in the almost total darkness, that someone had
crawled onto the stage and was crouched between his widely splayed thighs.  He
felt soft female hands on the taut muscles of his stretched thighs as the person
fumbled around at his chastity.  After what seemed an eternity of effort, the
woman managed to unlock piglet's cone and strip it away from his penis.  The
slave's reaction was instantaneous, his mighty penis reared up as blood coursed
into it, until it arched obscenely out from his smooth groin, its painted glans
swelling magnificently, but true to his training, not a drop of moisture had
appeared on the long slit in its tip.

Now all was in readiness, and a spot light, illuminating the kneeling slave's
obscene nudity was turned on.  As soon as the light came on slave piglet raised
his arms and clasped his hands behind his head, which itself was bowed slightly
in an appropriate display of his submissive nature, and began to exquisitely
slowly, and erotically, roll his hips and offered the massive log of male
sexuality jutting out from his groin to his audience.  Shivers of delicious
shame washed over his tingling body when he realised how depraved and debauched
he must look to them.  Here he was, dressed, or was it undressed, like a
perverted harlot, lewdly offering the evidence of his obscenely obvious lust,
his rigid, throbbing, naked penis, like a lascivious slut, a bitch in heat.  Oh
how he loved it.  In his mind he knew that he had entered paradise of sensual
and debauched depravity that all true sex slave's yearn to be totally immersed
in and enveloped by.  He owed it all to his marvellous Mistress.  Oh how he
loved her at this moment.  How he adored her for knowing his submissive nature
so completely.  Oh how he worshipped her for recognising what a born slut and
whore he was.  Oh how he treasured her for having the compassion needed to
subject him, and abjectly submissive harlot, to such delicious humiliation and
utter degradation.  His masochistic brain hummed with happiness while he
wantonly thrust his long, thick, pulsating penis out towards the audience.

Slave piglet noticed that a tall pedestal had been placed about twelve feet in
front of him, and his blood boiled when, in the darkness that surrounded it he
thought he could discern what looked like the shoe, perched on it.  He heard
small sounds of movement below his kneeling body, and glanced down in time to
see that slave sow had insinuated her voluptuous body into position between his
widely spread legs, and just out in front of them.  She was on her hands and
knees and had her slender back arched savagely, and her mighty breasts were
crushed into the floor, and the half moons of her bare bottom cheeks, large,
firm and smooth skinned, were swaying to and fro lasciviously below his arching
penis.

Slave sow revolved her gorgeous bottom around erotically for a few minutes until
slave piglet was beside himself with wanton lust gazing fixedly at the lovely
cheeks so lewdly displayed.  There was dead silence around the room as the
watchers held their collective breaths, their eyes fixed on the obscene display
on the stage.  Suddenly, with no warning at all, a brilliant beam of light
flooded the top of the pedestal, and slave piglet's shoe, his icon of depraved
passion, was graphically illuminated. Almost before anyone had registered what
had happened a long, seemingly endless stream of semen began to spurt from the
tip of slave piglet's pulsing penis.  The steamy sex cream squirted high, up
past the slave's heavily made up face, seemed to pause, momentarily, at the apex
of its flight, then splashed down onto the smooth skinned buttocks writhing so
sensuously below.  The first magnificent spurt had barely settled on the swaying
bottom when the next eruption began, equally as potent as its predecessor. Slave
piglet could not believe the extent of the ecstasy he was experiencing, stars of
rapture were exploding before his fevered eyes while lavish streams of semen
exploded from the tip of his lust stalk.

Such was slave piglet's brain condition that even before the first torrent of
his testicle cream had splattered slave sow's wildly gyrating, naked bottom, he
was crying out his supplication, "Oh, glorious Shoe that has known the presence
of sweet Mistress Lotta's beautiful foot, I beg you to forgive me, her devoted
piglet, even though it is the writhing, wanton arse slabs, so honoured by a
touch from my adored Mistress' finger, of the lewd slut, sow, that are being
soiled by vile scum from my spewing worm.  My heart is bursting with sorrow at
so foully defiling these lascivious arse mounds, that have been so honoured with
the touch of the revered Mistress' fingertip, with my vile worm scum, and I beg
your mercy.  I will love and adore you forever, worshipped Shoe, for whom I
exist to adore with all my being."

The slave completed his humiliation plea just as the fifth flood of semen
escaped the dilated tip of his jerking penis.  At that precise instant the spot
illuminating the shoe was snapped off, and the icon plunged into total darkness. 
With a virtually inhuman effort in concentration, slave piglet somehow managed
to stop the next gush of sweltering testicle juice, already streaking up the
stem of his throbbing organ, from escaping.  His testicles visibly churned in
their tight sack as the boiling fluid was forced back into them through the iron
will of the slave.  The sensation was sheer agony for piglet, but wave after
wave of joy at having obeyed his Mistress's fantastic command completely
overrode the agony of his acute frustration at having the blissful ecstasy of
his orgasm cut so brutally short.

In the few seconds that slave piglet wrestled with his lust, and contained it,
slave sow reversed her beautiful body and raised her dripping buttocks up
higher.  Piglet looked down at the gorgeous mounds, flooded with streams of his
own musky, hot, man juice and bent at the waist, bringing his face down to their
erotically rolling level.  He shivered with shame and slipped his long tongue
out.  His shame was soon jubilation when his sexual tang stimulated his taste
buds and he lapped up the thick cream eagerly, and swallowed it
enthusiastically.  He worked industriously with his busy tongue, until not a
speck of his semen remained on slave sow's svelte cheeks.  He was especially
delighted to see that some of his cream had dripped between the alluring cheeks,
which, of course, allowed him to savour the pleasure of ply that intimate, hot,
wanton crack with his supremely submissive tongue.

While slave piglet worked so keenly to clean his semen from her bottom cheeks
slave sow was also busy.  She used her tongue to cleans the swollen head of
slave piglet's still strongly erect penis, then dried it off with her hair.  She
carefully re-painted the spongy meat with a lip gloss that must have been put at
the rear of the kneeling slave, expressly for that purpose, so that when he
returned to his normal position there would be no remaining evidence that he had
even climaxed.  After a couple of minutes of industrious toil both slaves had
completed their demeaning tasks and were ready to resume the obscene
performance.  Such was their devotion to their assignment neither even noticed
the wave of enthusiastic applause that had accompanied the abrupt ceasing of the
degenerate eruptions of slave piglet's obscenely spasming penis.

Once ready, slave piglet reared his body back up into its upright position. 
During the entire performance his hands had remained firmly clasped behind his
head, to demonstrate both his ability to work without touching, and, of course,
his intense servility.  The audience gasped at the sight of his arching manhood,
naked and throbbing, and still achingly stiff, but none the less, showing not
the merest hint of the cataclysmic orgasm that had so recently racked it.  He
glanced down to see that slave sow was also in her new position.  This time she
was arched up facing the kneeling slave's crotch.  Her enormous breasts were
poised below his straining penis, and she was rolling her shoulders as much as
her awkward position would allow.  The magnificent mounds undulated erotically,
their pink nipples jutting stiff and proud.

The spot was suddenly switched on and the shoe flooded with light.  Again slave
piglet almost squealed in ecstasy while super heated semen streaked up the
length of his pulsating penis, fountained from its exploding tip, and splattered
down on the huge breast mounds undulating so sensually below it.  Huge white
gobs of sex cream dripped from the ringed nipples and slid down the slopes of
the breasts, into the chasm of cleavage.  Slave sow was continually moving her
breasts around so that they caught each mighty spurt, not allowing even one drop
to fall to the stage floor.  Slave piglet's penis was allowed to erupt seven
times, during which the pleasure soaked slave wailed out in total rapture.

"Oh, glorious Shoe that has known the presence of sweet Mistress Lotta's
beautiful foot, I beg you to forgive me, her devoted piglet, even though it is
the lewdly undulating, harlot udders, so honoured by a touch from my adored
Mistress' finger, of the obscene slut, sow that are being soiled the putrid
refuse from my vomiting worm, rather that your peerless leather.  My heart is
bursting with sorrow at so foully defiling these supremely lurid milk bags that
have been so honoured with the touch of the revered Mistress' fingertip with my
vile worm scum, and I beg your mercy.  I will love and adore you forever,
worshipped Shoe, for whom I exist to adore with all my being."

The light went out.  This time, much to slave piglet's surprise, he was able to
halt the wild eruptions of his madly pulsating penis with something less than
extreme difficulty, although his chest still heaved with the effort.  Slave sow
quickly reversed her body while slave piglet bent down to suck up his semen from
her huge breasts.  Both slaves worked at their chores with joy and happiness
flowing through their excited minds and bodies, the applause was deafening, and
even more prolonged than it had been the first time.  Nothing is more satisfying
to slaves than to realise that they are pleasing their betters.  Slave piglet
delightedly tongued slave sow's large nipples clean and then lapped every speck
of his musky semen from the silky skin of her enormous mounds.  Slave sow, for
her part, cleaned the head of his penis carefully and tenderly with her softly
wet tongue, dried it off, and re-painted it with gloss.

Slave piglet drew his torso back up into the upright position once again.  His
long, thick penis was, incredibly in the minds of his captivated audience, still
stiff and throbbing despite undergoing two devastating, albeit rudely shortened,
climaxes.  Its massive stem had taken on a deep reddish hue, and its satiny head
would have been deep purple were it not for its freshly applied coating of
pastel pink lip gloss.  As for the slave himself, he was now in a state of
totally depraved euphoria and despite shedding such enormous quantities of semen
already, his still hugely bloated testicles continued to ache savagely.  The
blissful slave resumed the slow and erotic rolling of his hips, to wave his
mighty pole of lust and debauchery at the viewers with as much perverted
lewdness as he could.

The voluptuous slave sow, her own submissive brain buzzing with delicious
humiliation, not to mention wanton elation at her obscene behaviour, shifted her
stunning body into position for the final act of the performance.  She again lay
on her back between the kneeling slave piglet's spread legs and arched her body
up towards his splayed groin so that the juncture of her own full, smooth thighs
was poised directly below his arching penis.  She balanced her body on her head
in order to be able to shimmy her shoulders while her hips gyrated, thus she was
able to lewdly shake her enormous breast globes at the audience, to enhance
their visual enjoyment of the obscene performance unfolding before their
enthralled collective gaze.

Slave piglet alternated his lust crazed gaze between the alluring sight of slave
sow's locked up sex being flaunted at him erotically, and the dark spot that
held his adored masturbation icon.  He could feel his hugely stimulated penis
straining to erupt yet again, and couldn't wait for the trigger to be pressed. 
His warped concentration fought between the absolute necessity of ensuring that
he did not orgasm to soon, and the knowledge of the ecstasy that would engulf
him when he did.  At this point the slave's heart was pounding with such
intensity that he was afraid that he might even swoon.  His Mistress, who he was
sure was the one operating the spot light that signalled his relief, and equally
kept him in a state erotically excruciating suspense.

For her part, Mistress Lotta was deriving huge enjoyment and satisfaction from
the performance of her humiliated chattel.  She was so proud of his performance
to date.  She knew that she was the envy of every dominant presently held in
thrall by the obscene and lewdly perverted performance of her piglet, with help,
of course, from the delicious sow with her immense breasts of which she was so
obviously both proud and humiliated by, at the same time.  How delightfully
depraved and exquisitely debased he looked, kneeling in the bright cone of light
for all to see, dressed in his lovely harlot finery with his huge penis,
achingly stiff and throbbing with lust, and it was all completely controlled by
her.  In all the time since he had become her property Mistress Lotta had not
felt the sense of propriety, of absolute control and utter domination, as keenly
as she did at this instant.  She was overjoyed, and filled with authoritative
contentment, while she gazed in wonder at her utterly perverted and perfectly
submissive slave, sensing that he was at one with his lot, completely selfless
and totally attuned to her whims, a perfectly mindless sexual animal who knew
that he existed to react only to his Mistress' every impulse, no matter how
disgraceful and demeaning the consequences might be to any semblance of dignity
he might still possess.  She reached out and languidly flicked the spot light
switch, only when she perceived the beginnings of impatience good natured
grumbling from her colleagues.

Once again, for the third time, a brilliant beam of light shone down over the
shoe perched high up on its pedestal.  The reaction from the shuddering slave
piglet was instantaneous, and deliciously perverted and obscene.  His taut
thighs trembled violently and his well muscled chest heaved with near violent
excitement.  A steamy stream of creamy, whitish fluid gushed from the slit in
the pink painted head of his throbbing penis like a geyser erupting.  The two
foot long stream of man juice arched high, past the pleasure filled slave's
enraptured face, seemed to pause momentarily at the apex of its flight, and then
splashed down squarely onto the undulating groin of slave sow with awe inspiring
accuracy.  No sooner had the first jet landed on its sensually offered target
than the mighty organ released its second enormous geyser of hot, sticky juice. 
It too, splashed down onto slave sow's smooth hairless crotch covering the thick
securely locked lips of her sex, her fatty mound, and her lower belly with pools
of warm, viscous, fresh semen.  The slave girl concentrated on subtly moving her
sexily undulating hips to ensure she caught each eruption on her lower body,
allowing none to drip to the floor below her, somehow still managing the
continual rutting her hips in a display of depraved debauchery for the viewers.

Somehow, he would never be able to quite understand how he achieved it, slave
piglet launched into the most debasing and degenerate narration of his life to
date while his mighty, wildly jerking, hugely swollen penis gushed and gushed
until he lost count of the number of huge ejaculations the spasming pole
emitted.  He was later to learn that it had let go twelve magnificent eruptions
before the strength of each began to ebb, and even then it continued to spurt
for another six times before the steamy flow became a mere dribble that dripped
down the deep red smooth skin of his palpitating stem.  Such was the volume of
semen his testicles released it began to form pools on slave sow's belly and
even dripped down between her monster breasts and onto her face.  The lascivious
little creature worked vainly to suck the flowing cream into her mouth with her
long, agile tongue, adding to the overall degeneracy of their performance
immeasurably.  The audience watched in awed disbelief while slave piglet's penis
erupted, and listened excitedly, and astonishingly, to his outpouring of
depraved ecstasy.  While he ranted and raved almost incoherently, from his
gasping vocal cords, he continued to focus his gaze, in absolute, almost
religious, ecstasy at the object of his supreme adoration, the hallowed shoe.

"Oh glorious Shoe, that has known the presence of my sweet Mistress Lotta's
beautiful foot, I beg you with all my heart to forgive me, her devoted and
utterly submissive piglet, even though it is the lascivious, wantonly rutting,
harlot gash, so matchlessly honoured by the merest feather of a touch from my
adored Mistress' finger, of the joyfully obscene whore and utterly blissfully
perverse slut, sow, that is being soiled the putrid, rank, stinking refuse of my
obscenely vomiting worm.  My servile heart is bursting with abject sorrow at so
foully and odiously defiling this consummately lurid harlot twat, that has been
so blessed by the graze of the revered Mistress' fingertip, with my vile,
corrupt, loathsome worm trash, and I beg with every fibre of my being for your
mercy.  I will love, cherish, adore, and prostrate my harlot slave being before
you forever, worshipped and revered Shoe, without whom my existence is worthless
and base and unendurable."

Slave piglet went on raving all through the mightiest, and most prolonged orgasm
he had ever experienced.  When it had eventually exhausted itself slave sow
collapsed onto her back on the floor of the small stage her lower belly and
crotch awash with hot sticky semen, and a truly beatific smile on her wantonly
pouting lips.  The straps attaching slave piglet's legs to their support seemed
to miraculously fall away and the exhausted slave carefully dismounted from the
props.  He straddled slave sow immediately, reversing his body do that his face
was poised over her sex cream soaked lower body.  His long, still hard, but no
longer anywhere near so strongly erect, penis hung down over her face, with its
still obscenely dribbling head grazing her full lips.

To the thunderous applause of the audience slave piglet began to lap up the
issue of his exhausted testicles from slave sow's svelte skin.  The overawed
watchers kept wildly clapping for over a minute, all through which slave piglet
sucked up, and swallowed with relish, his own semen.  At the same time, his
partner in depravity and submission used her own soft, wet tongue to clean the
sticky residue of his orgasm from the large plumb like head of his temporarily
sated penis.  When the two slaves were nearing the conclusion of their appointed
task the lights on the stage began to dim, until it was shrouded in almost
complete darkness.

The excited buzz of conversation in the club was still evident when an attendant
arrived on the stage, the excitement and enjoyment the slaves' performance had
engendered was still evident.  The attendant quickly applied an ice cold,
stainless steel rod to slave piglet's penis, causing it to soften and shrink
until it was small enough for him to re-pack the long organ into its chastity
cone, which he quickly locked in place.  The two slaves were then instructed to
clean themselves up, make themselves presentable, and then to return to Mistress
Lotta.  They wasted no time in obeying, and when they finally crawled back to
her alcove they both presented pictures of perfect slavery, scrupulously clean,
not a hair out of place, and make-up applied as if by a professional.  Mistress
Lotta was alone.

She looked down at the two slaves thinking to herself how wonderfully they
complimented each other and, if they weren't already, how much in love they
would soon be.  Two perfect pictures of submissiveness.  She leant down and
snapped a leash to each of their slave collars, then stood up to her full height
and led them away.  The two slaves crawled along behind the haughty domatrix. 
Their bodies were so close together that slave piglet felt the soft slap of one
of slave sow's immense breasts against his side from time to time.  And their
hips, which they minced wantonly as they crawled so as to ensure that their
naked bottoms were always lewdly rolling in case someone saw them, touched
together with each step.  Mistress Lotta paused at the club's reception desk,
lifted the house phone, and dialled.

"Frederick, darling.  Is that you."  She asked speaking softly into the
mouthpiece.  After a slight pause she said, "So you'll be another hour.  Oh,
yes.  I can find something to do.  I have to call into my office anyhow."  Some
more silence while Master Frederick was talking, and then, much to the delight
of the patiently waiting slaves, she continued, "Simply wonderful, darling! 
Both of them were quite marvellous.  You missed an incredible show.  You would
have been so proud of your little sow. Almost as proud of her as she so
obviously is of her marvellously enlarged tits."  Another slight pause, then she
continued, "Piglet was stupendous.  You should have seen his stiff, fat worm
gush.  I couldn't believe that his little scum bags could possible contain so
much offal.  He almost drowned the poor sow, but she loved it.  Oh how
lasciviously she waved her fat arse slabs, how lecherously she shimmied her
obese udders, and how lewdly the gorgeous little slut rutted her locked up gash
while little piglet bathed them all in oceans of his worm garbage."

The two slaves kneeling submissively at Mistress Lotta's feet were both flushing
with delicious shame while they listened to the one way conversation describing
the slaves' recent, totally depraved and obscene performance.  They had
interlaced their adjacent fingers and squeezed each others hands with both love
and passion, both hoping that either Mistress would not notice, or she would not
be displeased by this small, but un-approved display of intimacy.  Mistress
Lotta didn't seem to notice what was going on at her feet while her conversation
with Master Frederick continued, "Frederick, darling, I'm so pleased that I am
of a mind to grant the two sluts a little reward.  What do you think?" There was
a pregnant silence which lasted for almost a minute, with Mistress Lotta
listening intently to what her lover on the other end of the line was saying. 
The two slaves held their breathes in eager anticipation, not to mention growing
excitement, at the obvious direction that the conversation between their owners
was going.

"What a lovely idea, my dear,"  Mistress Lotta added, when she was finally given
another opportunity to speak, "I agree entirely.  Especially with the little
sting in the tail.  I'm sure the harlots will just be ecstatic with the reward. 
By the way, Frederick, Desire has offered to hold a party at her country place
in a fortnight, where we might enjoy stripping young pussy and the little piglet
of their last vestiges of their innocence."  A pause, then, "You agree.  Good,
I'll confirm with Desire tomorrow.  Give your lovely prick a squeeze for me. 
Goodbye, my darling.  See you soon."

Mistress Lotta looked down at the expectant slaves, took up their leashes
without a word, and lead them to the lift.  The trio rode the elevator down to
the underground car park in silence, Mistress Lotta smiled to herself, for that
the slaves would be dying to learn what she had in store for them, but she took
great delight in keeping the chattels in suspense for as long as she could.  As
soon as they had arrived at her large limousine she popped the boot lid and
ordered the slaves to get in.  Piglet helped sow to clamber into the large,
rubber lined compartment first and then climbed in after her and the two settled
down on the smooth, sensual rubber matting.

Once the slaves were safely settled in the boot Mistress Lotta threw slave
piglet's portable make-up case into its dim interior.  Then she handed a small
key to piglet saying, "This is for you little piglet."  She handed a similar one
to sow and then informed the expectant slaves of their good fortune, "Now,
little sluts, because of your exemplary performance this evening Master
Frederick and I have decided that you have earned a little reward.  You have no
doubt already realised that the keys I have given you will unlock your
chastities.  It will be over an hour before I am able to deliver sow back to her
Master and we have decided that, in that time you are permitted to fuck, suck,
and generally fornicate to your hearts' content just like the depraved little
harlots you both are."  Mistress Lotta told the aroused, and ecstatically happy
slaves.

"Mind you, my little whores, I won't countenance a quick fuck, a quick suck, and
then rest.  I shall have my speaker on, and I expect to derive a great deal of
listening entertainment from your depraved ruttings.  Finally, sluts, I will
inform you by blowing the horn when there is only five minutes left before the
sow is to be delivered.  In the remaining time I expect you to repair your
appearance to the extent that, if I didn't know better, I would not even know
that you had been rutting.  There is to be no evidence what so ever of your
wanton activity."  She smiled at the sheer happiness glowing from the slaves'
shining eyes and then closed the lid of the boot, plunging them into perfect
darkness.

Mistress Lotta got into the car and started the engine.  Before she moved off
she reached out and flicked two small switches on the ornate dashboard of the
luxury vehicle.  One activated the sound system connected to the boot, and the
other switched on a light in the enclosed compartment.  She then drove the big
car out of the car park and into the traffic, smiling as she thought of what the
occupants of the many other vehicles on the road would think, had they known
what was going on in the boot of her car.  She decided to drive straight to her
office to pick up the copy of her latest video for editing. and then to just
drive around and enjoy listening to the erotic activities of the slaves until it
was time to go to Master frederick's residence on the other side of the city.

Even before the dim light came on in the trunk, slave piglet's hand was fumbling
in slave sow's crotch, trying vainly to insert the key into the tiny padlock
locking the rings in her sex together.  He was beside himself with extreme
arousal.  This was to be the first time, since he had become Mistress Lotta's
personal property, and if the truth were known, for some time before that, that
his penis would have entered either the sex holes, or mouth of anyone.  While
obviously the same could not be said of slave sow, for her Master used her
sexually quite frequently himself, not to mention having her violated in
exhibitions at the club, and, of course, giving her to his friends and
associates in return for favours, but she was equally eager to get at slave
piglet.  Firstly, his penis was even larger than her Master's mighty organ, and
certainly larger than any she had ever seen before, and she couldn't wait to
have it stretching her holes of lust.  Secondly, she was already totally smitten
with the slave.  She wanted and loved him so much that her pounding heart
literally ached with yearning desire.

Once the light came on the two slaves had no trouble in unlocking their chastity
equipment and the evidence of their fierce erotic stimulation was immediately
obvious.  Slave piglet's huge penis was rock hard seconds after its thick stem
was freed from its cramped bondage, and slave sow's sex trench was awash with
hot sticky juice.  The two slaves embraced passionately in the warm confines of
the trunk. Slave sow's monster breasts crushed against slave piglet's wide
muscular chest while their mouths were glued together, tongues duelling
lasciviously.  Soon slave piglet's fingers and entire hand were covered with the
hot liquids pouring from slave sow's drenched vulva as he delved around in the
sticky, steaming, swamp.  He drove all four fingers deeply into her steamy,
silky walled sex cavern and, while his thumb flicked maddeningly at her rigid
clitoris, he thrilled to the feel of her elastic interior muscles clasping
wildly at his buried fingers, as if trying to draw his whole hand into the
hungry hole of lust.

While slave piglet's fingers were busy slave sow's were also not idle.  She had
grasped his arching sex pole tightly, marvelling at the fact that she was unable
to close her fingers around it such was its huge girth.  She slid her fingers up
to the glossed head of his penis and, breaking their kiss, squeezed the massive,
swollen plumb ardently, and gasped with delight.  As soon as the kiss was
broken, the hugely stimulated slave girl began to pant out her carnal pleas. 
Slave piglet dropped his face to one of her enormous breasts and sucked its
thick, rigid teat deeply into his mouth, while she raved.  "Oh piglet, you
darling slut, that feels so good.  Bite my teat, darling, suck it harder!  Oh
what a lovely big slut slug you have.  I can't wait to feel it cramming my
harlot twat pit.  Oh I'm such a hot harlot, a depraved whore, a debauched slut! 
I adore having slave lust worm, hard and hot, ploughing my whore gash!  Fuck my
harlot gash, piglet, fuck it hard, fuck it long!  Fuck it so deep that I feel
the head of your fuck worm nudging my tonsils.  Fuck my whore split first,
darling piglet, then ram your gorgeous harlot plugger up my slut arse pit.  Oh
sweet slut, it's going to stretch my whore arse ring so wide that I'll think it
will kill me.  I love it so!  And then I'm going to suck a huge load from your
fuck stick! My harlot holes, and my whore gullet are going to drain your scum
bags dry!  I feel so sluttish, it's delicious, fuck me, rape me, violate me! 
Reduce me to the mindless whore I long to be, now, darling slut!  Now!"

Slave piglet drew his gaping mouth from one of slave sow's hugely swollen
nipples and reared his body up over hers, his muscular bottom cheeks slapping
loudly into the lid of the boot as he did so.  Sow bent her legs at the knees
and drew them back to her lolling breasts and lewdly spread her steaming sex
swamp out for him like a bitch in heat, its long plump lips, red and swollen
with lust, gaping obscenely, and quite literally flowing with juice.  The male
slave positioned the pinkish head of his throbbing sex stalk against the ragged
entrance to her vagina and, with a huge sigh of delight, dropped his hips
exquisitely slowly.  Both slaves were squealing in ecstasy while the monster
penis sank into the incredibly hot velvet vice of sow's spasming vagina, until
all fifteen inches of the steel hard pole was buried within the silky, clasping
hole.  Both slaves gasped for breath, their chests heaving with the intensity of
their pleasure as their gyrating groins were crushed together.

Slave piglet's fevered eyes gazed down at slave sow's upturned face.  He
shivered with lust when he saw her wanton smile, and the look of absolutely
rapturous depravity shining in her wide blue eyes. She stared up at his face,
and her lips split in a leering, lecherous grin, and she began to work the
muscles of her crammed sex hole with maddeningly erotic skill, squeezing his
buried penis like it was held in the grip of a velvet fist.  The lust crazed
male slave reared up again, withdrawing his long stalk from the clasping hole,
and then drove it back in to the hilt, causing slave sow to shriek out her
voluptuous pleasure with total abandon.  He began a steady rhythm, ploughing in
and out of her with long powerful strokes, and began to talk to her in tones
that clearly betrayed the depravity he was experiencing so blissfully.

"Sweet, slut!  Gorgeous wanton harlot!  Your lewd whore gash is driving my fuck
worm mad with pleasure.  The twat is so hot!  So tight!  So clever with its
squeezing, tantalising rippling walls!  It feels like my slut slug is ploughing
in heaven!  I'm going to flood your lust pit with ball scum!  I'm going to
deluge the walls of your greedy whore hole with worm offal!  Rut your hips like
a debauched whore, darling slut, bounce your arse cheeks like the hot harlot you
are, while I plough your twat with all my strength!"  The two rutting slaves
went at it with a vengeance.  Mistress Lotta, listening as she drove was almost
disappointed that she was not seeing this, and she dropped a hand from the wheel
of the car to her spread groin and tenderly petted and squeezed her own stiff,
straining clitoris under the small satin cache sex she wore, while she drove on
through the night.

The two slave's climaxes were rushing at breakneck speed towards them as they
fornicated in lustful abandon in the boot of the car, exchanging squealed
exclamations of wanton exhortation.  "Fuck harder, slut!"  "Squeeze my fuck
stalk, whore!"  "Ram it deeper, darling piglet!"  "Your hot cunt is driving me
mad, sweet harlot sow!"  "I'm going to drain you fuck pole of every last drop,
you perverted arse licker!"  "I'm going to rape your lecherous cooze 'till you
can't walk straight, you obscene worm sucker!"  "Ha!  You can't rape the hot,
sleazy cunt of a slut like me, slave lover!  Oh, I'm coming! My whore gash is
exploding!  I love it!  I adore it!  I yearn to have my gushing, spasming split
fucked for eternity!  I'll never get enough!  I'm coming!  I'm coming!  It's
soooo gooood, I'm dying of ecstasy!"  "Here it comes whore!  Feel the flood!  Oh
sweet lord it feels so good!  Oh thank you, thank you, sweet Mistress, for
permitting me to gush my worm scum up this sweet harlot's hot writhing cunt!
Here it is darling sow, take it!"

The slaves orgasmed in a fit of uncontrolled ecstasy, immersed in pleasure so
intense that each of them was on the verge of fainting.  Their explosions of
rapture shook their heaving bodies like a series earthquakes for at least a
minute before slave piglet, gasping and panting for breath, collapsed onto the
body of his beautiful slave lover, and their sweat soaked skins slid hotly
together.  Slave sow's huge breasts, slick with a sheen of perspiration, slid
over Piglet's heaving chest while they kissed tenderly in the after glow of
their extreme passion, sucking each other's tongues with ebbing bliss.  It took
the slaves almost ten minutes to recover sufficiently to renew their lustful
activities.  Slave piglet's slightly wilted penis slid from the drenched swamp
of slave sow's dripping, still quivering pussy, and lay thickly and stickily on
his thigh.

Slave sow reached down and squeezed the sated lust stem quietly but erotically
working on it, until it had regained yet another raging erection.  She smiled
impishly at her lover and said, huskily, "Darling piglet, you fuck a slut so
beautifully.  I can't remember my harlot cunt pit being so wonderfully well
crammed and so completely fucked out in one session ever before.  I can't wait
to do it again.  But, roll over you gorgeous slut, onto your back.  Your adoring
slut wants to spear her tight arse ring with your big fat worm now."  Slave
piglet was only too pleased to accede to her obscene request and began to mumble
something, but was interrupted by slave sow, her own lust already peaking, and
overriding that of her fellow slave, "No!  You just lie back my little slut, and
let me fuck my tight arse chasm on your wonderful stalk.  Here, I'll feed you
the stiff teats of my fat udders while I work.  Suck them! Chew them! Bite them,
you lovely whore."

Slave sow positioned the tight opening of her anal rosebud over slave piglet's
rearing sex pole, jamming its sticky, dripping head hard against the strongly
muscled ridge of her rear hole.  A shrill squeal rent the air of the stuffy
compartment when she dropped her hips.  The sweating slave girl strained and
whimpered as her tight sphincter was forced open by her relentless pushing. 
With an clearly audible popping sound, the huge sex plumb finally broke through
into her hot, painfully stretched anus.  Slave sow grinned lasciviously down at
her lover, her enormous breasts heaving on her slick skinned slender torso, then
her pretty features twisted up with effort and she slowly forced her hips down,
panting with the effort it took.  Inch after inch of slave piglet's gigantic
penis crept up the hot tight cavern of her rectum until, to the accompaniment of
a huge sigh of contentment, the smooth firm rounds of her lush bottom cheeks
rested on slave piglet's thighs, and his entire length was enveloped by her
steamy anal cave.

The panting slave girl fed one of her meaty nipples into slave piglet's gaping
mouth and he closed his lips around the torrid, stiff teat and sucked it
passionately while he savoured the incredible sensation of her anus and rectum
so tight and warm around his pulsating penile stalk.  Slave sow rolled her ample
bottom around slowly, to allow her packed hole to get used to the huge invasion
it had been subjected to, and the began to pump her rear up and down, gasping
with delight at the exquisitely painful pleasure that flooded her.  While she
rutted her hips sensuously, and slave piglet devotedly suckled her pleasure
soaked nubbins, she began to moan.

"Oh sweet lord, my arse pit feels like it is being split apart.  Oh, it hurts so
good!  Soooo good!  I adore being a slut!  Only the truest harlot and slut can
love it as I do!  Only the most depraved of whores know the ecstasy of having
their lewd arse tunnels so deliciously torn apart by such huge hot lust bars.  I
only know such debauched pleasures because my adored Master woke me to the utter
lust I adore.  Oh what a happy and lucky slut I am to have been found by a
Master who has reduced me to such gorgeous depths of depravity.  Please, darling
piglet, show me that you to adore being an utter slut and harlot and drench the
churning walls of my ecstatic arse pit with your boiling prick scum! Come you
darling degenerate whore! Come!"

By this time slave sow's hips and buttocks were flying about in total abandon,
and her huge breasts were undulating with such force that piglet had to clench
his teeth around the nipple he sucked so passionately in order to stop it
escaping from his hot mouth.  His taut thighs began to vibrate with pleasure and
his testicles to squirm in their bag, and suddenly, almost without warning, he
knew that his peak was upon him.  When he felt that exquisite sensation of hot
semen streaking up his penis stem he let go of slave sow's rubbery nipple meat
and yelled in utter rapture, "Sweet slut, you've made my worm spurt!  Your hot,
tight harlot arse hole has earned its reward!  Here it comes!  Let your whore
back cunt feel the flood!  Aaaaaaah!"  He whimpered while his hips and buttocks
bounced up and down on the floor of the car's trunk, and his penis exploded over
and over in the writhing rectum of his ecstatic slave lover.  Finally the two
slave's collapsed into each other's arms, mouths glued together while the big
car slowed to a halt.

Mistress Lotta had reached her office.  Just before she left the car she pressed
a button on the dashboard, and the slaves heard, "Have a little rest my depraved
sluts, while I pick up my video."  The car door slammed shut and the two slaves
were grateful for the time to regather their senses after such a surfeit of
debauched activity, and they tenderly caressed each other's sated flesh and
whispered heart felt endearments to each other.  They were both consummately
happy in the thought that they were so intimately attracted to each other. 
Their obscene and utterly depraved and orgiastic sexual excesses were not merely
a chore to be endured because their owners had commanded it, but truly an
absolute joy for them as well.  Both knew, instinctively, that they were born to
this humiliating and totally perverted life, and wallowed in it in consummate
rapture, revelling in every lust crazed second they were allowed to be in each
other's wanton arms.

The slamming of the car door alerted them to the fact that the Mistress had
returned.  By this time slave piglet's penis was again strongly erect, and slave
sow's fat slick vulva again dripped hot pussy juice.  Piglet's testicles ached
terribly although, of course, this ache was not one of frustration at being
prohibited release, but rather that dull, drained sensation that excess of
release brings.  The slaves quickly reversed their bodies, piglet still on the
bottom.  They squirmed their hot moist bodies around until each had their heads
comfortably positioned between the spread thighs of the other, and their hearts
quickened at the sight of each other's alluring, acutely stimulated, sexual
meat.

Slave sow, whose voluptuous body was on top, gazed down at the long, thick,
stalk of slave piglet's pounding penis arching out erotically from his smooth
crotch.  She sniffed at its deep red skin and her pulse quickened at the rank,
deliciously corrupt aroma of it, covered, as it still was, with the secretions
of her holes of lust blended with piglet's own spicy semen.  The huge ripe plumb
at the apex of the sex stem had lost almost all of its gloss, was deep purple in
colour, and leaked clear, sticky pre-cum in abundance from its little slit.  At
the same time slave piglet stared up at slave sow's ravaged crotch.  It was a
picture of depraved beauty.  The fat, heavily ringed outer lips swollen and
slick with moisture, were splayed wide in arousal.  The drenched pink interior,
flecked with globules of his creamy semen mixed with her own climax juices, the
vagina still gaping and leaking musky male and female issue, and the tip of the
erect clitoris peeping out from its protective sheath obscenely.  Immediately
above the drenched sex swamp, nestled between the round cheeks of her widely
split bottom was her loosely pouting anal ring, not yet recovered from its
horrific reaming.  This carnal hole too leaked a small rivulet of brown flecked
semen.  The whole licentious sexual tableau was framed on each side by creamy
skinned thighs which pressed warmly against piglet's ears, and beautiful full,
round bottom cheeks, well split, hovered above.

Slave piglet breathed the heady, debauched aromas of the slave girl's wanton sex
with eager lechery and mewled delightedly, "Oh what a dazzling sight your harlot
gash is, sweet sow!  Oh how beautifully depraved it looks with our fuck juices
dripping from it, not to mention the ball scum still flowing from your whore
arse ring.  I love how loose and slack your obscene fuck holes are you darling
slut, and how stiff and red your woman worm is.  Oh how I love to bury my face
between the thighs and arse cheeks of beautiful, wanton harlots like you!  Oh
how I adore ploughing well fucked whore gash my sluttish tongue, how I idolise
harlot holes, dripping with fuck juice, that I can drill with my slattern
tongue.  I'm going to suck your cunt and arse holes dry.  I'm going to feed my
slave belly on all the juices of our rutting, darling slut!  Then I'm going to
suck your girl worm until you feed me my desert, a fresh deluge of your tangy
cum juice to slurp up from your lewd twat!"

Slave piglet ran his long tongue through the swampy meat splayed open above his
eyes and mewled with delight when his avid taste buds were flooded with the rank
flavours of sexual rutting.  He lapped slave sow's sex split from anal ring to
throbbing clitoris over and over, swallowing wildly, the copious quantities of
sex cream that flowed down his gulping throat.  While slave piglet was feeding
ravenously on his mouth-watering repast, his fellow slave was happily lapping
the tingling, swollen head of his pulsating penis, and mentally preparing her
throat for its coming invasion.  When she considered that she was ready she
squealed, "Darling piglet, I'm going to suck your enormous worm like its never
been sucked before.  I'll swallow it whole like the hot worm loving slut that I
am.  I'm going to drain your fat scum bags like a vacuum cleaner!  Please! 
Please!  Sweet slave feed my hungry belly with the scum from your lovely prick!"

Slave sow emitted muffled grunts while she drove slave piglet's huge penis into
her wide spread lips. She gagged and spluttered as the big leaking penis head
forced its way into her gulping throat.  She could not believe how crammed her
mouth was, and was forced to relinquish a few inches of the hot stem, to be able
to breathe, from time to time.  Never the less she sucked the pulsing sex pole
with a passion born of utter depravity.  She was in paradise.  Slave piglet
continued plough her sex with his own ecstatic tongue, drilling her ragged
vaginal entrance with it and sucking strongly.  He raised his head from time to
time so that he could spear the pout of her well reamed anus, and sucked that
hole dry of the semen his gushing penis had so recently deposited there.  He
sucked her holes of lust out until not a drop of their lustful, debauched
outpourings remained.

On and on it went.  Slave sow concentrating on bringing the hot, pounding penis
in her marvellously talented mouth off with all of her sensuous expertise, while
piglet teased her throbbing clitoral bud relentlessly, until she was sure she
would swoon from the sheer pleasure.  Slave piglet's thighs began to shudder
uncontrollably, and his hips began to bounce while his penis started to explode
in the hot wet mouth engulfing it.  His testicle cream spewed from his slit in
wild gushes that filled slave sow's mouth with such force that it was almost
impossible for her to swallow fast enough.  Her sweating bottom was writhing
below him in absolute ecstasy while her vagina spasmed and flowed with the thick
hot juices of her climax.  Slave piglet emulated his slave companion and drank
his fill of her spicy issue.  Both slaves worked at each other's climaxing sex
meat with single minded devotion until their erotic ministrations became almost
painful, and their reserves of climax cream were totally exhausted, and, once
absolutely sated, their dripping faces collapsed into each other's utterly
sensually rolling groins.

The two totally exhausted slaves were woken from their dreamlike state of
debauched fulfilment by the distant sound of a horn.  "Quickly, sweet sow." 
Slave piglet whispered, kissing the slack, pouting lips of his slave lover, "We
must clean up or Mistress will be angry."  The two slaves set about licking as
much evidence of their unbridled lust from each other's body as they could, and
also lapped up the sex juices that had accumulated on the rubber floor of the
trunk.  Slave piglet produced handfuls of tissues from his vanity case and they
wiped up what their tongues had missed from both their skins, and the rubber
floor.  When they were satisfied slave piglet pushed a little button near the
rear of the boot and a strong fan began to blow cool air into the dimly lit
compartment.  This soon had the slave's skins dry.

They then went to work on making themselves pretty for their owners.  They
cleaned each other's faces of smeared cosmetics, then carefully re-applied their
make-up.  They left their lips until last so they could continue to kiss each
other right up to the last second.  They, with feelings of loss, but gorgeously
sensuous submission, filling their hearts, replaced their chastity arrangements,
locking them securely in place.  When the big car finally came to a stop they
were just finishing re-painting their lips.  They had no real way of knowing,
but from the they looked no one would have guessed that they had spent the last
hour engaged in an orgy of unbridled lust except, of course, for the puffy
nature of slave sow's reddish sex lips, the slack, loose look to slave piglet's
bulging testicles, and not least, the still quite overpowering odour of sex
permeating their cramped, rubberised prison.

The boot lid flew open and the two slaves looked up to see the regal Mistress
Lotta towering above them.  "Phew!"  She gasped with a look of mocking distaste
creasing her classical features.  "This place smells like waterfront brothel,
you sluts!"  Then she chuckled and continued, "But what else can one expect when
you allow two perverted harlots like you to get together.  Did you enjoy your
little games, little whores?"  She asked.  The slaves were quick and eager in
their affirmative replies.  "I see that you are presentable.  Just as well,
little sluts.  Out you get, sow, time to go to your Master.  You may give the
sow one last kiss of farewell, my little piglet, quickly now!"  By the time
slave piglet heard this slave sow was already half way out of the trunk, and his
raised face was greeted by the gorgeous globes of her svelte, nude bottom, split
by the position her legs were in as she clambered out of the boot.  The slave
flushed with shame and delicious humiliation when he took advantage of the
circumstances to slip his hot cheeked face into the split, thrilling to the warm
flesh against his flushed cheeks, and tongue kissed slave sow's luscious anal
ring.

Then slave sow was out of the car and the boot lid slammed shut.  About two
minutes later the big car moved off again.  Slave piglet dozed during the twenty
minute ride back to their home.  Once they were inside he attended to his
Mistress' ablutions, and then was permitted to enjoy a long hot shower not, as
you may imagine, to derive pleasure but to cleans his slave body of the
lingering aromas of the night's excesses.  When he was finished, and dressed in
a fresh slave costume, he rushed off to prepare Mistress Lotta a cup of
chocolate to drink before she retired.  When he entered her boudoir with the
steaming cup his heart fluttered with delight, for she was laying on her silk
sheets with her thighs spread, and her voluptuous sex gloriously nude and
alluring.

Slave piglet carefully handed the cup to his Mistress then fell to his knees
before her and cried out in slave passion, "Darling Mistress Lotta, may your
piglet have the unrivalled privilege of being permitted to use his lips and
tongue to worship, adore, and pleasure your glorious vulva, succulent vagina and
wonderful, mouth-watering clitoris.  Please precious Mistress Lotta, your piglet
begs and pleads with all his bursting heart."  Mistress Lotta peered down at her
grovelling slave with pride as she sipped her drink.  She marvelled at the fact
that, even after the evening of excess that he had just experienced, he still
acted with consummate submission.  "Suck your Mistress, little slut.  I wish to
have two or three languid climaxes before I sleep.  Your little performance
tonight pleased me so, but has made me extremely horny, even though I had one of
the house slaves suck me, non stop, during the entire performance."  Slave
piglet flushed with jealousy, as he always did when informed by his Mistress
that another slave had been granted the privilege of tasting her divine sex. 
This un-slavelike response was fleeting, however, for he knew that he was just a
slave, and had no right to even contemplate that he held any sort of exclusive
rights when it came to pleasuring his Mistress's glorious body.

He dutifully lowered his prettily painted face to her hairy grotto and thrilled
with delight when the heavenly fragrance of her voluptuous sex wafted into his
nostrils.  He poked out his long, wet, warm tongue and tenderly lapped those
thick hot lips he so adored with almost religious devotion.  Once he detected
that his Mistress's juices were flowing he settled down to suck her glorious sex
with all the skill and reverence that he was capable of.  He drank the issue of
her spasming sex with each climax his clever lips and tongue coaxed from her
writhing sex organ that he so worshipped.  Eventually he was disappointed to
hear, "Enough, sweet slut.  Your Mistress is exhausted.  Off to bed you go."




Chapter 11 - A weekend in the country (Piglet loses his virginity)

Throughout the ensuing week slave piglet performed his duties almost as if he
had been in a daze.  He could not keep his thoughts from wandering to the coming
events.  In particular, the surrendering of his rear hole's virginity.  His
thoughts hovered between extreme sexual excitement at the coming ordeal, and
acute apprehension at the reflection of the utter humiliation he would
experience when that first real, live penis began to plumb the depths of his
rectal chasm.  He was not afraid of any pain this might cause him, for the plug
he was now wearing constantly was almost as large as Master frederick's mighty
organ.  But he had never, even in his wildest dreams and phantasies,
contemplated allowing a male to take him in this degrading way before.  That, of
course, was before he had completely comprehended that his utter submission to
his Mistress really entailed.

This, of course, was not the only thing distracting slave piglet during this
time.  He was also so looking forward to seeing the tiny transsexual slave,
pussy, to see what she now looked like with a new pussy of her own, not to
mention newly enlarged breasts.  If what had happened to slave sow's breasts was
anything to go by, then pussy would now look truly spectacular, and intensely
erotic.  He looked forward with eager expectation to watching her surrender the
virginity of her freshly constructed pussy to the magnificent black penis of
Master Frederick.  He shivered with lust when he imagined the little slave's
reaction to that mighty column of male sexuality stretching her recently
fashioned lustful, girl hole and plumbing its ecstatic, welcoming depths.  He
could almost hear her cries exhorting the Master to fuck her harder and deeper. 
He often blushed with delicious shame when he realised that he, too, would be
crying out similar entreaties when the monster penis was savagely invading the
depths of his own hot, submissively welcoming rectum.

But even more than all of this, slave piglet was looking to seeing, and
hopefully being commanded to engage in depraved performances with the voluptuous
slave sow.  In the time that they had known each other the two slaves had fallen
hopelessly, and passionately in love.  As many of piglet's private thoughts and
daydreams now centred around the stunningly beautiful submissive, as were
devoted to his imperious Mistress.  The depth of their emotional feeling for
each other was, by this time, bordering on being even more intense than the
submissive, loving feelings each harboured for their respective dominators.  The
Mistress and Master, however, being so immersed in their own importance had not
yet even realised what had been steadily growing between their chattels.  No
doubt the dominators' wrath would be terrible to behold if, and when they
finally discovered what was going on.  But at this stage the slave's
relationship had remained undetected, and the idyllic lifestyle they all enjoyed
continued in ignorant bliss.

The plan was for all members of the group to drive out to Mistress Desire's
individually on the Saturday morning.  The ceremonies would be conducted in the
evening, and all would return to the city on the Sunday, leaving when they had
recovered sufficiently from the previous evening's excesses.  All through the
week leading up to the monumental weekend Mistress Lotta had decided to mentally
prepare her slave for his coming ordeal.  She accomplished this in predictable
fashion, and enjoyed herself immensely as she did.  Slave piglet spent hour
after humiliating hour with his face buried in the humid crack that separated
the Domatrix's voluptuous bottom cheeks, with his long, submissive tongue
working erotically and sensuously on the pungent pout of her piquant anal ring. 
When she allowed her slave to rest his tongue she had him constantly practicing
the offering his own rear hole to an imaginary Master, in the most depraved and
sluttish fashions conceivable, and with an incessant verbal accompaniment such
as:

"Oh adored Master!"  The grovelling slave would cry, his nude bottom raised
high, and swaying and rolling sensually.  "Please!  Please!  I beg you, honour
this slut of a bootlicker by stretching his harlot man cunt with your
ravishingly beautiful penis!" and, "Please!  Please!  Most majestic Master! This
joyful harlot begs you with all his depraved and debauched heart, plumb the
depths of his whore man twat with your mighty, and marvellous penis, so that the
lecherous slut can have the privilege of being able to joyously use all of the
lascivious talents of his lewd man cunt to give you the pleasure you so deserve
for deigning to so honour a mere slave!"

While slave piglet was happily engaged in such demeaning and humiliating
activities stretched his anal ring, and hot deep rectum squeezed and milked at
the huge plug buried there with utter lust and passion, tinged with frustration,
of course, that it was not a hot, hard, throbbing erection of real, live, male
sex invading his hole so completely.  By the end of the week the slave was
almost beside himself with desire and longing to experience the exquisite
sensations of being deeply and completely fucked by a superior penis.  All of
his waking thoughts were geared to how he would react to this craved for
experience, and how lewdly he would beg for it, and most importantly, how
devotedly and passionately he would work his elastic anal ring and hot, silky
rectal pit to visit the consummately exquisite sensations on the divine penis of
the Master who had so graciously agreed to use his slave arsehole in this way.

At last the big day arrived.  Mistress Lotta chose her costume for the
celebration carefully, as she did the one for her slave.  The slave packed all
these things conscientiously.  When he was almost finished his imperious owner
came into the room and handed him a strange new article which was to be
included.  When she gave it to him she explained that it was a new chastity she
had had designed for him, especially for this occasion.  The slave looked at it
for a brief second or two, but was not able to see quite how it was to work, for
all it seemed to be was a clear rubber sheet with a zipper like tag at one end,
and small hard plastic circles that were broken open, at each end.  His Mistress
told him not to worry about its purpose for now, and to quickly complete the
preparations for she did not want to be late.

Slave piglet quickly finished packing, closed the suitcase, donned his track
suit, then took it down into the basement car park and placed it in the back
seat on his Mistress' limousine.  By the time he had returned to the apartment
his Mistress was ready.  She was dressed in pair of slacks, high heels, and a
white silk blouse with a plunging neckline that clearly displayed her awesome
charms.  She smiled at her submissive as he stripped off his tracksuit to reveal
his own bizarrely clad nudity, the white, fishnet stockings held up by a white
lacy garter belt, impossibly high heeled pumps and, of course, the erotically
designed chastity belt displaying as it did, his bulging, rouged testicles and
the scarlet lip gloss painted head of his otherwise trapped penis.

Slave piglet shuddered with delight when he saw that she was carrying the small
case that his cum icon was normally transported in.  Mistress Lotta noticed the
widening of his eyes when he noticed it, and commented dryly, "You'll be earning
any relief I allow you this weekend, little piglet, of that you can be sure." 
She handed him his long cloak which he draped around his shoulders and the pair
left the apartment and made their way down to the car.  When they arrived
Mistress Lotta popped the boot and, after shedding the cape, slave piglet
clambered into its rubber lined interior.  She immediately closed the boot and
he settled down, as comfortably as he could, into the dark interior.  Mistress
Lotta got into the car and the journey began.

After a trip lasting over two hours the big car finally came to a halt. 
Mistress Lotta let her slave out of the boot and watched while his eyes became
accustomed to the bright sunlight.  It was immediately apparent that they were
the last of the group to arrive, for the vehicles of Mistress Desire and Master
Frederick were already parked in front of the rural mansion.  The large country
house was set well back from the main road, in a large clearing in what appeared
to be a huge pine forrest.  The only break in the surrounding stands of trees
was the access road along which they had driven.  To the rear of the house they
could see that the clearing stretched back about three hundred yards or so
before the seemingly impenetrable trees took over again.  The whole set up was
obviously designed to ensure the absolute privacy of the occupants of the
residence.

Mistress and slave approached the ornate front door of the large mansion. 
Before they had even arrived the large portal swung open.  No one was attending
the door, but Mistress Lotta, who had been here many times before, was used to
this and she walked in to the large entry hall with its wood panelled walls and
richly carpeted floor.  Slave piglet followed her, carrying their luggage, and
was led into a room which was obviously designed as a dressing room with its
storage cupboards, vanity set-up, and showering on-suite.  Mistress Lotta
ordered her slave to unpack and arrange her day costume while she showered.  He
carefully hung his Mistress' formal costume in a wardrobe, placed his own
ceremonial slave garb in a drawer, and laid out the day costume for his
Mistress.

By the time he was finished she had completed her shower.  Slave piglet, with
his heart bursting with happiness, rushed over to dry his Mistress' voluptuous
nudity with a large, fluffy towel.  How he loved these times when he was able to
gaze on his owner's naked charms and, while only his lips and tongue were ever
allowed to touch her flesh directly, he was overjoyed to be able to revel in the
sensations of her smooth skin and rippling muscles, the weight of her large
breasts, the suppleness of her bulging buttocks, and especially the crinkliness
of her sex hair, through the material of the towel whenever he was engaged in
the task of drying her majestic body.

Once Mistress Lotta was dry slave piglet set about dressing her.  He laced on
her half corset, and then smoothed her nylons up her long legs, always taking
absolute care not to allow his fingers to come into even the most incidental
contact with her smooth skin, and snapped the garters hanging from the corset to
their tops.  Then he drew the small white kid leather cache-sex up her legs
until it covered her sex, and its rear thong rested comfortably between her
svelte bottom cheeks.  He submissively kissed her leather encased mound with
utter devotion when he was satisfied.  He then laced on her high heeled boots
and she sat before the vanity mirror while he diligently applied her make-up and
applied rouge her thick rubbery nipples.

When she was fully satisfied with her appearance Mistress Lotta stood, glanced
down at her submissively kneeling chattel, and said, "Shall we join the others,
little piglet?"  The look in his shining eyes told her that he was more than
ready, and she walked from the room with him crawling along behind her.  They
moved down a long hall way with doors at even intervals until they came to a
large one at the very end of the passage.  Mistress Lotta opened the door with a
flourish and strode into a large, plushly furnished, and brightly lit room, with
slave piglet still shuffling servilely along behind her.

"Oh, Lotta, darling!  You've finally arrived."  Mistress Desire cried, and both
she and Master Frederick rose from the plush leather arm chairs they had been
seated in and rushed over to greet her. The dominants embraced and kissed and
exchanged friendly greetings.  While this was happening slave piglet's wide eyes
took in his new surroundings with ever growing excitement that caused the ropy
stem of his penis to writhe in the tight confines of its severe captivity.  As
well as the area the group was currently occupying, the large room contained a
sunken lounge area with a large semi circular seating area, a sort of
performance stage, with strategically placed spot lights in the high ceiling
above.  A series of hooks with adjustable chains hanging down from them were
also fixed to ceiling above the stage-like performance area.  Mistress Desire
was dressed similarly to his own Mistress, except that she wore a satin garter
belt, rather than a half corset, a pink silk G-string and a silk peignoir of the
same soft colour was draped casually over her shoulders.  The huge, muscular,
ebony skinned Master Frederick was naked except for a white leather pouch
encasing his bulging genitals, and a pair of leather jack boots.

Master Frederick's slave, sow, was kneeling next to the chair he had occupied,
and was dressed almost identically to slave piglet.  She was facing away from
the group with her rounded bottom cheeks raised high and her locked up sex lips
peeping sexily from between her full thighs.  Perched on top of her raised
bottom was an ash tray which her Master had been using.  Substantial amounts of
her enormous breasts, crushed into the floor by her position, could be seen
bulging out to either side of her kneeling body.  Mistress Desire's slave,
pussy, was kneeling at the foot of her arm chair and smiled cheekily at slave
piglet.  She was covered from neck to ankles in a loose fitting black latex
rubber jumpsuit that completely hid her charms, although, from the way it stood
out from the front of her slender form, slave piglet could imagine just how much
larger her breasts had grown since the last time he had seen her.

After the dominators had finished greeting each other their slaves were ordered
to display their own happiness at seeing the other dominators once again.  The
slaves pussy and sow crawled over to pay homage to Mistress Lotta, while slave
piglet first approached Mistress Desire.  He knelt behind her and kissed each of
the pencil thin heels of her stilettos, then gently raise her peignoir and
devotedly kissed each of the diminutive domatrix's pert, shapely bottom cheeks,
then shuffled around to her front and pressed his painted lips to the toes of
her pumps, and finally, raised his face and reverently kissed the tiny silk
triangle that covered her fragrant sex mound.  He then repeated his demeaning
actions with Master Frederick, kissing the heels of his jackboots, the muscular
mounds of his bare buttocks, the toes of his boots, and finally, with his pulse
racing with lust and desire, the pouch that contained his substantial genitalia,
his mind buzzing with the eager anticipation of the huge penis the pouch
accommodated pounding away at his welcoming rectum.

"The slaves will now serve lunch."  Mistress Desire announced when the welcomes
had been completed.  The other slaves followed slave pussy into a large, well
appointed kitchen while the dominators went into a dining room and seated
themselves around a polished dining table that had already been set.  The slaves
brought in the food and each served their own dominator, standing dutifully
behind them while they ate, re-filling their wine glasses as required.  When the
meal was over the slaves were told to eat in the kitchen, clean up, and then
return to the living area.

After fifteen minutes or so the three slaves, having eaten their meal, returned
to the living area wondering what would be in store for them for the remainder
of the afternoon.  Since they had all been sworn to silence for the entire
weekend, except, of course, when pussy and piglet were performing, they had not
even had the chance to talk to each other.  Instead they could only use their
eyes, and facial expressions, to convey their delight at the coming celebrations
to each other.  Even slave sow, who really didn't have any part to play as a
principal in the events, seemed quite happy and eager. Both slave sow and slave
piglet were careful, however, not to become too involved with each other and
thus cause slave pussy to become jealous.

Each dominator took charge of one of the slaves.  Halter gags were fitted to
their faces, ensuring both silence, and the use of their trapped mouths for
activity of any kind.  Then their arms were bound behind their backs at elbows
and wrists, the straps on their arms being pulled so tight that their elbows
touched.  And finally, their shackled wrists were fixed to rings in the back of
their slave collars.  "Out you go!"  Mistress Desire commanded, opening the wide
french doors to the living room.  "You can play out side in the fresh air for a
couple of hours while your owners enjoy a chat, little sluts."

The three erotically clad, and bound slaves ran out onto a massive expanse of
manicured lawn that stretched from the mansion out to the thick forrest in the
distance.  They kept stumbling over when their stiletto heels sunk in to the
soft earth, making keeping their balance an extremely difficult task, much to
the amusement, and delight, of their watching owners.  They rolled around on the
grass together, frolicking like happy children.  Slave piglet made sure that he
buried his face between slave sow's thighs as often as he could so that he could
breath in the delicious aroma of her sex.  Each time slave pussy perceived that
she was being ignored by the male slave she pressed whatever part of her rubber
encased body was available into his groin and pressed it savagely against his
bulging testicles. This invariably caused him to look at her only to see a frown
of jealous annoyance creasing her pretty brow.

When this happened slave piglet would turn his attention to the tiny
transsexual.  He was soon aware that her large breasts were firm and smooth
under the rubber, and that her newly fashioned female sex was ringed and locked
up in a fashion identical to that of slave sow.  The slaves continued to frolic
for two or three hours, giving their owners, now seated on the patio the visual
pleasure of watching their serfs at play in the open air, something they could
not experience when at home in the city.

As soon as dusk began to settle the slaves were called in.  Their bonds were
removed and they were again busy serving the dominators their evening meal. 
After the slaves themselves had eaten each accompanied its own dominator, to
dress them for the ceremonies of the approaching evening.  Slave piglet laid out
Mistress Lotta's costume while she showered.  After he had dried off her
gorgeous body she stood, gloriously naked, in the centre of the dressing room
and he began to adorn her with the erotic finery she had chosen.

Slave piglet began by smoothing sheer black silk stockings up Mistress Lotta's
long, shapely legs.  He enclosed her waist in a deep purple satin and lace
garter belt, and attached its garters to the stocking tops, and marvelled at how
beautiful her softly haired vulva looked, framed so erotically by satin and
lace,  then checked to ensure her stocking seams were perfectly straight.  He
rose to his feet and took up an open halter of silk and lace and gently threaded
its straps through Mistress Lotta's arms and fixed its clasp behind her back. 
The Mistress herself manoeuvred her large breast mounds until they were
comfortably supported by the skimpy garment, given that her slave was forbidden
to touch her with his hands.  The slave then again knelt in front of her and
worked thigh length, shiny black boots, with almost impossibly high heels, onto
his Mistress' feet and zipped them up.

With her clothing attended to Mistress Lotta sat at the vanity table and her
slave proceeded to apply her make-up and brush her long hair till it shone
lustrously.  When he had finished her handsome face looked absolutely ravishing. 
She inspected her person carefully while her kneeling slave waited, with bated
breath, in case she found anything to complain about.  He breathed a sigh of
contentment when she smiled in satisfaction, and told him that he could now take
care of his own preparations, informing him at the same time that she was sure
he would be able to work out how the new chastity she had provided would work,
saying that she had it designed especially for when he was to have his man cunt
fucked.  His normal chastity, with its attached butt plug, of course, denied
access to that hole.

Before she left to join her colleagues Mistress Lotta stood before her slave,
turned her body around so she faced away from him, bent at the waist so her
large smooth bottom cheeks split wide, baring her prominently ridged anal
opening, and breathed, "You may kiss your Mistress goodbye, little slut." Slave
piglet shivered with pleasure, and slipped his face into the warm crack between
her voluptuous cheeks.  He glued his lips to the humid pout of her spicy anal
ring and drove his long tongue deeply into her hot slick rectum.  In his own
masochistic mind the slave resided in submissive heaven while his Mistress
allowed his tongue to wash sensually over the writhing walls of her pleasure
soaked, tingling rectum.  While he worked slavishly to please her, Mistress
Lotta informed her slave that slave pussy was to perform the first ceremony.  He
was, when he was fittingly attired, to join slave sow behind the small
amphitheatre and wait his turn.

It was with some reluctance that Mistress Lotta finally straightened up, an act
that caused her slave's adoring lips and tongue to lose contact with her anal
ring.  She moved from the room without another word, leaving slave piglet to set
about working on his own preparations.  He started out by removing his costume
and chastity belt, sighing with delight when his penis was able to flop free
between his legs, and taking a piping hot shower.  He cleansed his body
scrupulously of all the dust and dirt of the afternoon's play in the outdoors,
shampooed and conditioned his long blonde hair, and diligently shaved his skin
free of all unsightly hair.  After he had dried his body he took out his
costume.

It was of scarlet colour in keeping with the slave's coming portrayal of a lewd,
depraved harlot.  The stockings were sheer nylon, fishnet styled, with ornate
lacy tops and slave piglet shivered with wanton passion as he smoothed them up
his smooth muscular legs.  He donned a frilly lace and satin garter belt which
sat sluttishly low on his slender hips, and fastened the garters to the whorish
stocking tops. Finally, he laced scarlet, stiletto heeled pumps onto his feet. 
He stood up and teetered for a while while accustoming himself to the almost
impossible height of the heels of the pumps, then sat at the vanity table and
applied his make-up.

When he had finished with his face he looked like an utter street walking whore
with a slash of scarlet lip gloss across his mouth, jet black mascara
highlighting his wide eyes, and the heavily applied rouge on his cheeks which
made him look as though he was continually blushing.  He carefully painted his
pointy, stiff nipples bright scarlet, and then brushed his lustrous tresses dry
until they shone.  The bizarrely adorned slave then took up the weird looking
new chastity and settled down to work out how to employ it.

When he finally perceived the bizarre apparatus' purpose his heavily rouged
cheeks flushed with shame.  The rubber sack was to entirely enclose his penis
and testicles, allowing only his thick glans to be free. Those seeing him in it
would, of course, get a clear view of his penis stem as it churned and writhed
from its vain attempts to stiffen in response to his growing lust.  It would be
so degrading and humiliating for him.  He thought to himself that, if it wasn't
for the fact that his wanton depravity would be so dominating his senses, he
might die of embarrassment when his bizarrely restrained sex was seen in this
device.

The slave drew a deep breath and went to work in his groin.  He opened up the
small sheet of clear latex rubber and took the stiff plastic opening at its
base.  He grasped his scrotum in one hand and then closed the plastic circle
around it, below his testicles.  The circle snapped shut around his sex meat
with a frightening finality, and he shuddered with dread when he found that he
couldn't undo it no matter how hard he tried.  With the sheet draped over the
top of his penis he closed the other plastic circle around the thick stem, just
below the bulging penis head.  The slave then cautiously, so as not to pinch his
delicate sex flesh, drew the zipper up below his trapped organ.  When he had
finished, and the zipper tab was securely locked in the top plastic ring, he was
able to survey the results.

His submissive brain buzzed with delicious shame.  His trapped genitals stood
out from his smooth groin at right angles because of the pressure of their tight
captivity.  His penis stalk, and fat testicles were all squashed together in
their transparent prison.  As he gazed down at his captured sex his face flushed
even hotter for, as his arousal grew, he could see the thoroughly debauched
sight of his trapped penis stem writhing in the tight pouch like the body of a
captive snake.  It took the excited slave a couple of minutes to regain control
of his lustful wantonness, and then he delicately painted the jutting head of
his subjugated penis with scarlet lip gloss.  He completed his preparations by
bending over and applying a liberal coating of pink blush to the muscular cheeks
of his smooth skinned bottom, to make them as attractive as he could for his
ravisher.

At last slave piglet was ready.  His pulse rate climbed even further and he
dropped to his knees and crawled off to the living room.  When he entered the
room it was only dimly lit, and the dominators were comfortably seated in the
sunken theatrette.  Off to one side slave sow had been placed in strict, and
extreme humiliation bondage.  Her arms were tightly bound in a full length
binder behind her kneeling body.  The locks had been removed from her sex lips,
and she squatted over a two pronged dildo, with one prong buried deeply up each
of her vaginal and rectal orifices.  Her hips and waist were anchored to a three
foot high pole that she seemed to embrace, ensuring that she could not move her
lower body even one inch.  This meant, of course, that she could not expel the
dildos, and even more frustratingly, she was unable to excite her crammed sex
holes by pumping them on their huge invaders.

The slave's enormous breasts jutted out on either side of the pole, and a thin
strap was wrapped tightly around their bases, ensuring that her torso was held
flush with the small column.  But it was what was perched on top of this
pole-like pedestal that caused slave piglet to shiver with depraved excitement. 
A large clear glass replica of Master Frederick's immense penis, in its flaccid
state, stood on top of the column, with its huge, perfectly shaped, drooping
head poised in front of the slave's mouth.  Two tiny chains ran from her ear
rings to each side of the pole, where they were fixed and drawn taut ensuring
that, even in the unlikely event that she had wished to, she could not turn her
head away from the perfect glass replica of her Master's sex.  The clear penis
stem was filled with a yellowish liquid, obviously her Master's golden
champagne.

Slave piglet watched in awe as a large drop of the fluid grew on the tip of the
glass penis head.  Just before the drop's gravity pulled it away from the glass
slave sow poked out her long pink tongue, lapped the golden drop into her
waiting mouth and greedily swallowed it, then waited impatiently for the next
one to appear.  Having taken all this in slave penis approached another small
pole, obviously set up for him.  It was topped with a black rubber replica of
Master Frederick's huge penis in splendid erection.  Draped over the top of the
rubber penis was the cod piece that the Master had worn all that day.

Slave piglet shuffled over and knelt before the icon and reverently took the
supple leather G-string in his hands.  He instinctively knew what to do with it,
and tied it tightly over his nose, savouring the rich, decadent aroma of the
dominator's overpowering sexuality with sensuous delight.  He then proceeded to
devotedly worship the replica of the penis he was going to surrender the
virginity of his rectum to.  Wildly submissive thoughts rushed in and out of his
fevered mind while he kissed and kissed the mighty pole of lust, his tight anal
ring pulsing with yearning to experience its live counterpart stretching it open
so deliciously savagely.

"Ah!  The pussy is ready."  Mistress Desire exclaimed when she noticed a
fleeting shadow approaching the sunken stage.  Master Frederick, totally nude
with his ebony skin shining with oil, sat between the two domatrixes with his
mighty black penis drooping limply between his massive, muscular thighs. The
excitement, and growing arousal of all three was obvious from the looks of lust
and erotic excitement shining in their eyes.  Mistress Desire reached behind
herself and touched a button with her finger.  Lights began to beam down on the
small performance area flooding it with soft white radiance, and sensual
burlesque type music began to pour out softly from hidden loud speakers.

About twenty seconds later the diminutive transsexual, pussy, pranced into view
and began to dance and cavort for her audience like a seasoned stripper.  She
was dressed in a flame red silk, neck to ankle, sheath  which moulded to her
shapely body, and was a spilt from hem to waist so that it displayed flashes of
her milk white thighs above dark silk stocking tops whenever she moved.  Her
large firm breasts bounced sexily, pushing the stretched material out from her
slender torso while she shook her shoulders and ground her hips.  The delightful
creature's lovely face was heavily made-up in the style of a wanton harlot, and
she leered at the seated dominators in an endeavour to add as much to the visual
depravity of her lustful abandon as humanly possible.

Slave piglet watched her performance in fascination while he breathed deeply
into the crotch pouch, and constantly savoured the raunchy aroma of Master
Frederick's pungent, virile male sexuality, while containing to kiss up and down
the length of the mighty plastic penis replica arching up before his face. He
was able, from time to time, to glance over at the severely bound slave, sow. 
She too, kept glancing over at him, and it would have been clearly obvious to
anyone who cared to notice that the glances exchanged between the two conveyed
much more than the presence of mere friendship, and collective contentment with
their station in life.  But, at this time, their secret, taboo liaison had yet
to be discovered.  It was, of course, also clearly evident from the fact that
slave sow was ultra careful not to allow even a single drop of the golden fluid
that dripped from the tip of the penis before her to escape her avid tongue and
thirsty mouth, that, while the two slave's infatuation with each other may have
progressed to something more serious, it did not, in any way decrease their
inherent need to serve their respective dominants with any thing other than
utter and complete subservience.

After about five minutes of explicitly erotic dancing slave pussy reached a hand
behind her swaying torso and, having located the small zipper tag of her slinky
dress, slowly drew it down.  This caused the front of the scarlet garment to
loosen over her thrusting bosom, and she used her other hand to teasingly ensure
that it still concealed the charms of her sensuously undulating body.  Once the
zipper had been completely undone she drew her other hand around to her front
and used both to draw the filmy material up and out from her body.  She then
pirouetted before her avid audience, noticing as she did, with a flutter of her
heart, that Master Frederick's enormous black penis was almost completely erect,
until she faced away from them.

With her pert bottom still rolling seductively, she allowed the dress to drop
ever so slowly down.  Inch after inch of her creamy white skin was revealed,
first her shoulders, then her back, and finally the exquisite mounds of her
adorable bottom, the sheath catching slightly at her hips, causing her to shimmy
them a little more forcefully to dislodge the sheer fabric and allow it to drop
to the floor at her feet.  The perfect texture of the lovely creature's back was
only interrupted by the pencil thin strap of a bra, and the thong of her
G-string, low around her swaying waist, and disappearing down the crack between
her alluring, naked bottom cheeks.

She slowly turned her lithe body around until she again faced the seated
dominators.  Her huge breasts were just barely contained in a satin halter cut
to just above her nipples, already clearly prominent beneath the gauzy fabric,
and a tiny triangle of similar material nestling in her crotch struggled vainly
to contain the suggestive bulge of her sex.  The delightful morsel of
submissiveness raised her arms and clasped her hands behind her head, and then
began to roll her shoulders and shake her massive breasts, and to grind and bump
her hips, for the sensual entertainment of her audience.  While her gorgeous
body undulated lasciviously she wetted her scarlet painted lips with the point
of her tongue to add to the utter lewdness of her performance.

After a few minutes slave pussy again lowered her arms and brought her fingers
to the tiny clasp of the skimpy bra, between her heaving breasts, and
un-fastened it.  With a smile of delightful coquettishness she slowly uncovered
the rolling, shaking mounds and dropped the garment to the floor.  Slave piglet
almost audibly gasped at the sheer size of the tiny transsexual's lovely
breasts.  They jutted proudly from her slender torso like smooth white melons,
and were capped with meaty pink nipples so stiff with arousal that when she
tweaked them for the pleasure of the seated viewers she could hardly cause them
to bend at all.  While the delicious little slave played with her large breasts
so erotically she kept her hips moving sensually, and clear evidence of a line
of moisture bisecting the tiny triangle covering her sex was soon obviously
visible, sure proof of her ever growing lust.

Almost reluctantly, the wanton slave allowed one of her hands to drift down her
smooth torso to her right hip where her fingers were able to locate the catch
holding her G-string together.  With a flourish she undid it and stripped the
last minute covering from her highly exited body and rendered it entirely,
radiantly nude.  She spread her shapely thighs as widely as she could, while
still being able to maintain her precarious balance, and with a lecherous grin
splitting her pretty face, flaunted her new, virginal, thick lipped, completely
hairless vulva at the seated dominants.

The diminutive transsexual's new female sex was exquisitely formed, long thick
outer lips, already glistening with the juices of her excitement were slightly
split by a set of deep red drooping inner ones which shone wetly in the soft
light, and all complimented by the quite prominent clitoris that had been
fashioned from her tiny penis, that peeped, erect and aroused from between the
lips at the apex of her slit.  From the look of utter happiness on her heavily
made-up face it was obvious to all that pussy was proud to the point of
arrogance of her new sex.  She continued to bump and grind her undulating crotch
for her audience's entertainment, from time to time raising one of her shapely
legs high in the air, grasping the ankle to steady herself, so that she could
wantonly display its beauty even more graphically.

A short while later slave pussy slowly allowed her nude body to collapse to the
floor of the presentation area.  One she lay on the floor, of course, she was
able to split her legs as widely as was physically possible, and thus fully
reveal the dripping interior of her woman meat with its intricate folds of shiny
pink flesh, and to fully display the ragged edged hole of her vaginal orifice. 
She rolled around the floor in lustful abandon, her heart pounding with by awe
and excitement as she became aware that the mighty black penis of her ravisher
was now fully erect and visibly throbbing.  Her mouth watered with yearning
while she gazed at the enormous column of male sex, as did those of the slaves
piglet and sow, piglet because he new that his turn to experience the
magnificent organ stretching his rear hole was soon to come, and sow in
frustration for on this night she was, in all probability, not going to be
permitted the ecstasy of it being used in any of her craving orifices.

The music that had accompanied slave pussy's erotic performance slowly faded,
and with it the movement of her body.  Her heart pounded, and her pulse raced
with eager anticipation at the thought of the imminent rape of her virginal
woman sex.  Her pretty face flushed with joy at the prospect, and she was almost
indecent in her hast to adopt the position she had chosen with which to offer it
to her deflowerer.  The little minx spread her feet wide and arched her crotch
up so that her nude body formed a tripod of silky skinned flesh, anchored by her
feet and her neck and head.  This contorted position presented her widely
splayed crotch, and the swollen, moist sex nestling there, open and vulnerable,
in wanton submission of the delights it wished to present to the Master,
although, because of her small stature, he would have to kneel to take advantage
of the dripping sex lasciviously proffered.

Master Frederick stirred from his position between the two Domatrixes and rose
to his feet.  His stupendous penis arched up and out from his groin in
magnificent glory, sticky juices seeping copiously from the slit in its massive
purple head.  He descended to the sunken performance area and stood between the
slave's widely spread thighs, noticing with a sadistic flush how the tendons in
her splayed groin stood out with the aching effort it took her to maintain her
contorted position of utter submission. He smiled down at her, and she smiled
back up at him, submission and wanton lust shining in her wide eyes.

"Well, little slut!"  Master Frederick laughed, pointing down at his enormous
erect penis jutting out from his ebony crotch.  "Look what your obscene
performance has caused.  Are you sure that your little harlot twat will be able
to accommodate it?"  He asked mockingly, but before the slave could respond, he
continued, "It's too late now.  You can't stop now, not after what you've
caused.  Nothing can stop me from fucking you to within an inch of your life. 
My cock is going to plough your hot, tight, fresh cunt whether you like it or
not.  Now, obscene harlot, let's hear you beg for it!"

The tiny slave, now revolving her contorted, widely splayed crotch in a display
of sheer, perverted depravity, mewled wildly, her squealed entreaties almost
incoherent, such was her frenzied excitement at the perverse act she was about
to experience, "Oh darling Master!  What a lucky whore I am!  To have such a
glorious and stunningly gorgeous penis to surrender the virginity of my harlot
gash to!" She paused momentarily to regain her breath and, if anything, her
spread vulva dripped with even more pungent juice, and her hips gyrated with
even more abandon.  She continued, voice thick with wanton lust, "I was in
heaven the first time your marvellous hot, hard penis plumbed the depths of my
joyful gulping throat and sprayed my adoring gullet with the peerless elixir of
your divine testicles!"

The two other slaves, sow in her stringent bondage, and piglet with his pre
performance worship, watched proceedings with growing, wanton exhilaration and
burgeoning feelings of delicious debauchery coursing through their near nude
bodies.  Piglet's bizarrely trapped sex tube churned away in its cramped
captivity while he breathed deeply the heady aroma of Master Frederick's
genitals, and continuing to reverently kiss up and down the black rubber replica
of the manly organ that was to soon be stretching his tight hot anal ring and
plunging into the warm, welcoming chasm of his rectum.  Slave sow slurping
avidly at the tip of the glass penis, her throat working as she swallowed the
salty liquid it surrendered to her busy tongue.

Meanwhile, slave pussy was winding up the depraved entreaties to her dominator,
"I was conveyed to the heights of absolute bliss when your fantastic penis
stretched the mouth of my man twat and filled its hot, slick cunt hole so
sublimely and completely.  But now, divine Master, I beg you to elevate my
harlot being, and honour me beyond imagination, by using your extraordinary
penis to cleave the virginity from my new girl cunt and reduce it to the whorish
gash it longs to be.  Please, please, wonderful Master, this harlot slut begs
with all her debauched heart.  Fuck her hard!  Fuck her whore gash deep!  Fuck
her harlot twat long!  Take your pleasure of this virginal cunt, and transport
me to harlot paradise!"

"Very eloquent, slut!"  The huge dominant laughed, and reached down and grasped
the slave by her slender waist.  His hands were so large that they were able to
completely enclose the tiny slave's body. He lifted the small writhing body up
off the floor with seemingly no effort whatsoever, turned her around, and poised
her widely spread crotch over the jutting spear of his throbbing manhood.  He
did this in a fashion that allowed the seated Mistresses to have a clear view of
his penis when it plunged its way into the swollen, dripping sex of the slave. 
The excitement permeating the room heightened when the slave spread her shapely
legs as widely as she could.  Some may have thought that she had done this to
ease the pain of the penetration.  Nothing could have been further from the
truth, however, she did it to ensure that her seated owner would have the
pleasure of viewing, as graphically as was possible, the brutal deflowering of
her new, virgin pussy.

Master Frederick allowed the slave's wriggling body to descend until her open
crotch rested on his mighty organ.  He then demonstrated the sheer strength of
his erection by allowing it to bear her entire weight while he moved his huge
hands from her tiny waist to her large breasts.  He used each of his hands to
cup one of the heavy white mounds, positioning then so that his thumbs were able
to flick at the stiff, meaty nipples that capped the lovely big orbs.

The gorgeous little slave whimpered with delicious hurt when the Master used his
hands to hoist her body up by her breasts, so her splayed crotch once again
hovered over the mighty head of his long thick penis.  He carefully let he body
drop until her widely split vulva came into firm contact with the hot, spongy
flesh of his glans, and their hot juices mingled.  When he was satisfied with
the preparations he glanced over to Mistress Desire and said, "I think we are
ready Desire.  Do you ladies have a good view?"  Mistress Desire replied, "Yes
Frederick, excellent, thank you."  "I'll ask you to signal the start of
proceedings, given that this little harlot is your chattel."

While this banter between the dominants was going on little slave pussy had
reached down and grasped one of her ankles in each of her hands and had wrenched
her legs up, and opened her thighs so wide that the tendons in her smooth groin
stood out.  She was wriggling her svelte, nude bottom around on the taut muscled
belly of the black Master demonstrating her impatience for the violation of her
virginity to begin.  "Little pussy is so eager, Lotta, darling.  Look at the way
the slut is throwing her lewd bottom about.  She can't wait to have her pristine
little twat fucked."  "I'm not surprised, Desire."  Mistress Lotta replied,
gazing with sensuous delight at the depraved sight before her.  "No woman could
resist the pleasure of being fucked by Frederick, let alone a lowly slave.  Her
sluttish senses must be wallowing in perverse lust at such a privilege.  But why
don't you give the signal. Let's see if the little hussy maintains her
enthusiasm when her tight new gash is being stretched to tearing point by
Frederick's big cock!"

"Yes!  Yes!  Frederick. Fuck my little pussy's cunt now.  Introduce her new
little twat to hard, hot prick now!  Bang the whore!  Start slowly so we can
watch her reaction to the first fucking of her girl cunt!"  The excited Master
was only to delighted to comply with the beautiful Domatrix's request.  By this
time he too was losing his composure and succumbing to the lust that coursed
through him. Nevertheless, he managed to control himself, as asked, and subtly
re-positioned his plate sized hands on slave pussy's jutting breasts so that
instead of cupping the lovely orbs, they were now able to push down on them.

All the watchers, domatrixes and slaves alike, stared in awe at what transpired
before their rapturous eyes.  Shrill shrieks of wanton anguish spilled from
slave pussy's gaping mouth, and her smooth flat belly vibrated uncontrollable as
the huge glans of Master Frederick's penis stretched the opening of her vagina
with relentless precision.  Sensations of pain and yearning mixed in the slave's
feverish brain. Pain at the sheer size of the weapon being ruthlessly driven
into her virginal sex, and longing for it to fill her so completely that this 
sensation dominated every fibre of her being.  Her facial features screwed up
with the intensity of her hurt, but her wide eyes shone with joy at what was
happening to her.

Inch after inch of the Master's mighty black pole of throbbing lust disappeared
into the dripping pink meat of slave pussy's convulsing vagina.  The skins of
both performers, by this time, shone with a sheen of sweat.  Slave pussy's wails
grew in intensity, while the mighty penis of the Master disappeared into her
body.  She threw her head from side to side in abandon when, almost
unbelievably, the entire fifteen inches had entered her.  Her breath came in
huge gasps, causing her huge breasts to heave wildly, and the look on her pretty
features changed from one of extreme distress, to one of immaculate, beatific
rapture, as the inexorable penetration of her sex was finally complete.  It was
at this instant that the transsexual slave, in her own ecstatic mind, truly
became a woman.

The seated domatrixes applauded enthusiastically when the slave's palpitating
vagina was finally completely filled with pulsating penis.  It filled her so
completely that a ridge appeared to distend her flat belly, such is the sheer
size of the organ.  The slave began to roll her hips in attempt to further
impale her writhing sex, if that were possible, and the Master moved his hands
back down to her tiny waist and began to slowly lift her.  He raised her
squirming body until his penis was again almost fully exposed, and then let her
fall again, and the thick black bar of male sexuality, glistening with the
juices of the slave again disappeared into her writhing hole.

He kept this up with ruthless efficiency, despite his own burgeoning excitement,
ensuring that the slave was fully and completely penetrated with each
excruciatingly slow stroke.  Slave pussy squealed in absolute ecstasy with each
stroke.  Her hands let go of her ankles and her fingers pulled wildly at the
hot, stiff, meaty nipples capping her magnificent big breasts.  On perhaps the
twentieth occasion that the penis plunged into her, to the hilt, slave pussy
climaxed in shattering ecstasy, her shrieks of delight reverberating around the
quiet room.  The muscles of her belly convulsed wildly to the pleasure peaking
in her brain and her writhing vagina gripped its massive invader like a velvet
vice.

While the slave's shattering orgasm shook her body wildly Master Frederick
slowly slipped to his knees and relinquished his firm hold on the ecstatic
slave's tiny waist.  As soon as her feet hit the floor he used his hands to lean
back and brace his body, his penis, still buried to the hilt up the still
convulsing vagina.  The man gasped out, "Now that you've had your fun, harlot,
bring me off, and be quick about it!"  The slave let go of her nipples and used
her hands on her knees to brace her body.  She was facing the Domatrixes, her
breasts swaying erotically down from her bent forward torso.  She smiled at the
women with a leer of ecstatic depravity creasing her heavily made up lips, and
began to shake her hips and roll her bottom.

She started rutting with debauched abandon, plunging her hot, churning vagina up
and down on the Master's wildly throbbing erection, bathing the heated bar of
lust in her boiling juices.  Her interior muscled massaged the pistoning pole
sensually, while she plunged her convulsing hole back and forth. After only
twenty seconds of this the slave's spasming vagina climaxed again and she howled
out her pleasure, shaking her swollen breasts wildly at her audience in her
wanton abandon.  Her pulsating vagina milked the huge penis with consummate
skill, especially for a girl using her sex in this way for the first time.  But,
of course, this came naturally for slave pussy who was a born harlot, and like
the true slut she was, had a natural debauched talent for all things perverse
and obscene.

It was obvious to all the watchers that Master Frederick's orgasm was rapidly
approaching when he grasped one of slave pussy's wrists in each of his huge
hands and pulled her arms back behind her wildly undulating body.  This had the
effect of causing the joining of their churning genitals, dripping with viscous
juices, to be even more erotically, and graphically displayed.  The Master's
hugely muscled thighs seemed to knot with sexual tension and, of course, slave
pussy's, glistening with sweat, were trembling and shuddering with a mixture of
her effort, and the series of overlapping orgasms that now racked her in an
almost continual progression.

Her jutting, stiff nippled breasts flew around on her slender torso and she
shook her glistening bottom in a frenzy of rutting joy until her shrieks of
abandoned lust were joined by her violator's deep seated moans of ecstasy, and
his huge penis began to erupt in the hot clasping hole of her vagina.  The
mighty pole of male rapacity spewed forth its thick, fiery fluids in a seemingly
never ending series of uncontrollable convulsions that bathed the writhing walls
of slave pussy's rippling vagina like a monsoonal deluge.  The deliriously
elated slave was beside herself with wanton depravity as she squeezed the
spurting pole with her sex muscles with all the force she could manage.  As for
Master Frederick, he too was experiencing sexual pleasure so intense that he
could barely maintain his position and continue to support her wildly gyrating
little body.

Time seemed to stand still while the two obscenely copulating body's climaxes
shattered their control.  and The audience looked on in sheer rapture, trying to
imagine the ecstasy that each of the performers in this debauched display were
experiencing.  Eventually, however, the strength of their climaxes began to ebb. 
Slave pussy's pretty features screwed up with effort as she used the strong
interior muscles of her sated vagina to squeeze every last drop of semen from
Master Frederick's slowly wilting penis. Finally, and reluctantly, the dominant
pushed her body away and his monster sex plopped free from her still clenching
hole.

The spent slave collapsed to the floor, and turned on hands and knees back to
face the man who had so obscenely used her body.  He still knelt on wide spread
knees with his groin thrust out lewdly towards the seated domatrixes.  His
enormous penis, liberally coated with the combined juices of their rutting
session, drooped out and down between his enormous thighs, while both slave and
dominant fought to regain their breaths with chest heaving gasps.  Slave pussy
was first to recover sufficiently to speak. She stared in rapt adoration up at
the penis that had so recently reamed out her virginal sex hole from her prone
position and wheezed out, "Oh!  Master Frederick!  Thank you from the bottom of
my slave heart for fucking my new harlot cunt so beautifully, so wonderfully, so
completely.  My whore hole is still quivering with pleasure and dripping with
slut juices.  You have made me the happiest slave harlot in the world.  How can
I ever repay you for such a gift!"

In the position she was in slave pussy was displaying her swollen, dripping,
recently violated sex to the seated domatrixes with lewd obscenity, rolling her
pert bottom slowly and erotically for their visual pleasure.  The lips of her
well reamed sex were swollen and reddened, and glistened with sticky juice, and
her ragged vaginal orifice, still gaping from accommodating the dominant's huge
organ, dripped viscous white semen around its slick, ragged edges.  The prone
slave drew breath, and continued her tirade of submissive gratitude, "Please,
Master Frederick, please, allow me to cleans your marvellous penis and peerless
testicles of my slut juice, and your delicious penis elixir!"

Slave pussy was, of course, granted her depraved wish and was soon up on her
knees with her face buried in the dominant's splayed crotch.  Her busy tongue
lapped ecstatically at the large, slackly hanging testicles first, avidly
cleaning the crinkled, hairy skin of the musky liquids accumulated in it. Her
eager taste buds were soon flooded with the tart, spicy flavours of wanton sex,
and she was soon in debauched paradise yet again.  The look of rapturous awe
that crossed her wide eyes when she finally allowed her dutiful tongue to sweep
up and down the limp tube of the dominant's temporarily sated penis was
something to behold for the rapt watchers.  She continued to lap lewdly at the
swinging pole until it shone with her saliva, rather than the accumulated juices
of their recent lust.

Master Frederick then rose to his feet, his ebony skin almost dry again as the
sweat of their copulation had evaporated in the warm air of the heated room.  He
reached down and lifted the small body of the slave from the floor.  He bent her
shapely legs up along the slender trunk of her body causing her bottom cheeks to
spread lewdly, and the smooth, moist lips of her sated sex to gape obscenely,
and then carried her over to his own severely bound chattel.  The dominant
reached down with one hand and released the chains that held slave sow's face up
against the glass penis, then bent her head back so that her beautiful, heavily
made up features faced up.  The Master then dropped the crotch of the slave he
was so effortlessly supporting down onto the waiting face and fed slave pussy's
swollen dripping sex to the eagerly waiting mouth.  Slave sow zealously ploughed
her long tongue into the splayed vulva so lasciviously presented to her and her
acutely stimulated taste buds were flooded with the erotic and slightly pungent
flavours of both penis and vagina.  She drove her long agile tongue deeply into
the slack vaginal orifice using it to scoop vast quantities of her Master's
succulent semen into her grasping mouth, savouring the depraved ambience before
gulping it down her eager gullet.  She slurped and lapped at the offered sex
with single minded determination until she had emptied the clasping hole of
every drop of her Master's ambrosia, and then settled down to tease the slave's
little clitoris with the soft tip of her lasciviously clever tongue until it was
again rigid and throbbing with pleasure.

Master Frederick, however, did not allow his chattel to bring slave pussy off. 
Rather, as soon as he perceived that she was sufficiently aroused he lifted her
body away from sow's face, re-connected her ear chains and walked back into the
sunken lounge.  He deposited slave pussy before the seated dominants and then
resumed his own seat between them.  Slave pussy knelt before the dominant trio,
her face pressed to the floor and her cute, nude bottom raised high, and awaited
their pleasure.

For the next fifteen to twenty minutes the three talked in excited terms about
what they had just witnessed.  The women ardently questioning Master Frederick
about slave pussy's expertise and performance, in detail.  Master Frederick was
profuse in his praise of her talented use of her new sex, commenting that her
twat had the makings of perfect harlot gash, and that now the little slut had
the ability to deliver the best of all depraved worlds, a mouth to use like a
whore, an arse chute to employ like a debauched trollop, and now a vacuum
cleaner of a cunt to give its all like a truly depraved harlot.

While this conversation was taking place slave piglet continued, unabated, his
single minded devotion to the rubber penis he worshipped, although, by this
time, he had ceased to merely reverently kiss up and down its majestic length,
and was now lapping it from base to tip with his submissive tongue, his mind
buzzing with the anticipation of the real thing stretching his eagerly craving,
and ecstatically pulsating anus.  Slave sow had long since emptied the glass
penis of its golden fluid and was contenting herself with devoutly kissing and
lapping its shiny tip.

Mistress Lotta finally spoke up with the words slave piglet was longing to hear,
"Are you recovered Frederick, darling.  I'm anxious to see if piglet's
performance is going to rival that of pussy.  And just to add a little spice to
his efforts I've decided that if it isn't, I'm going to keep him celibate for
the next six months as punishment.  You will be the sole judge, Frederick.  I
shall be guided by your assessment of his performance, and don't be lenient with
him when coming to your verdict either.  I don't want the slut given any
favours!"  Mistress Desire piped up, "Why don't you free the sow, Frederick.  I
know that Lotta likes to have her pussy suckled while she watches her chattel
perform, and I know that my little pussy is just dying to please her.  But this
last performance has also got me mightily horny too, and I'd like to sample her
submissive tongue on my own twat for a change."

Master Frederick was quick to accede to Mistress Desire's request and rose to
his feet.  He quickly unshackled his slave from her bondage, leaving the full
armbinder on reasoning that she would not require hands to pleasure the
Mistress, only a dutiful tongue.  The slave shuffled into position before the
domatrixes and knelt with her fellow chattel to await their pleasure.  Meanwhile
slave piglet had prepared himself, both physically and mentally, for his coming
ordeal.  A strangely designed chair had already been positioned in the small
performing area in readiness for the depraved exhibition.  This strange seat was
shaped somewhat like an ordinary office swivel chair, with some noteworthy
differences.  The seat was fixed on a slant of forty five degrees, as was the
padded back rest, so the person seated in it would have their body in an almost
prone position, but on a similar slant.  A foot rest had been constructed and
fixed to the chair base, above the swivel so that the seated person could
comfortable brace his or her body in its half lying, half sitting position, with
legs widely spread.

Slave piglet had decided that he too, would have no real need for hands or arms
in his performance, except to brace his body during the more vigorous aspects of
the coming rape.  With this in mind he had placed double leather cuffs on both
his legs at ankle and knee level, and then trapped his wrists at his ankles and
his elbows at his knees.  This, of course, ensured that the erotically clad
slave's body was bent double, and that his heavily rouged, smooth skinned, naked
bottom, the cheeks widely split, was presented at its most lascivious and
licentious best.  It also allowed his bizarrely captured genitals to be seen
clearly whenever he moved.  With his head positioned between his knees he would
also be able to gaze up his doubled over body, past his captive sex, at his
widely pouting anal ring.  The slave shivered with masochistic delight at the
thought of having such a wonderful close-up view of his own tight arse ring
being stretched open by a live penis for the very first time, and the ridged
muscle of the opening pulsed with anticipatory pleasure.

When he deemed himself ready slave piglet glanced over at the others.  He found
that they too, were obviously ready.  Each of the Mistresses had a slave
kneeling between her wide flung thighs, although they were not yet engaged in
pleasuring the domatrixes, that would wait until the show had begun.  The
majestic Master Frederick had already made himself comfortable in the chair. 
His long, naked, ebony body draped in its comfortable confines.  The Master's
long limp penis hung lewdly from the juncture of his well spread thighs and
swayed erotically with his deep breathing.  Slave piglet gazed in awe at the
sheer size of the organ, so massive even in its unaroused state, and his mouth
flooded with saliva as feelings of joyful debauchery flooded through his
submissive being.  All thoughts he may have harboured, deep in his subconscious,
about surrendering to it in such humiliation vanished, and he shuffled towards
his fate with ecstatic, euphoria dominating his consciousness.

He sidled, sexily down the steps and onto the alcove floor, and moved over until
he was positioned before the seated dominator, and was able to gaze up between
his own well spread legs at the Master's massive sex.  As soon as he was
satisfied with his position the slave began to roll his rouged bottom, so
prettily framed by lace and satin.  He shook and shimmied the nude cheeks at the
Master in a display of absolute sluttish abandon, and he winked his anal pout
lewdly at his ravisher, as if in joyful pleading for its penetration.  Slave
piglet was delirious with joy when the depravity of his humiliating performance
began to have its inevitable effect on the Master's marvellous sex, and the
mighty organ began to twitch and swell.

The slave began to roll and rut his upturned arse cheeks with ever growing, and
more and more perverse subservience, and began to plead, "Oh divine Master!"  He
squealed girlishly, "I, the most perverted slut and utterly depraved harlot, beg
and plead with all my being that you accept the wanton, virginal man cunt I
offer to surrender to the magnificence of your stupendous and celestial penis!" 
The slave gasped in a huge breath and continued his depraved and obscenely
degrading entreaty, now in a more husky, wheedling voice, and forcing his anal
ring to pulse in lewd invitation in time with his erotically rolling bottom, "I
know that such an inexperienced cunt, such as the one I am surrendering can not
hope to give your beautiful penis the pleasure that slave pussy was able to, but
I implore you, revered Master, please take the cunt I offer.  I am such a born
slut that I am sure that I will quickly learn to please you.  I vow to work my
whore hole for your pleasure with all my being, to concentrate all my harlot
depravity with the soul purpose of pleasing you as much as I am able.  Please! 
Please! Adored Master, grant me, a lowly slut, slave, and perfectly perverted
trollop the ultimate gift of being able to feel your mighty penis stretch open
my man cunt ring, and plumb the adoring depths of my whore man cunt hole!"

The slave completed his depraved entreaty and waited, with bated breath, for the
response of the seated dominant.  He was deathly afraid that his submission
might not have sufficiently pleased the haughty dominator, even though his
massive sex slab was now fully erect and arched out hugely from his splayed
groin.  The mighty black dominant peered down at the fawning slave with a
sneering smirk and began, "You need lessons in submission, slut, but since you
are owned by Lotta I'll forgive this one transgression and accede to your plea." 
The huge surge of adrenalin that flooded slave piglet's body, following the
terror he felt at the first part of the Master's statement, was almost strong
enough to make him swoon with utter rapture.

Slave Piglet had just managed to control his trembling body once again as the
man continued, "However, since the level of your submission, and the
sluttishness of your behaviour has not sunk to completely acceptable levels you
will be permitted only to fuck your own whore arsehole on my prick. I will only
deign to fuck you should your performance in this proves to be a considerable
improvement. Now, before I give you permission to begin I have another
instruction for you, and you will be judged on your performance in this as well. 
You are to express your gratitude to your Mistress for being permitted to lose
your harlot arsehole's virginity in such an exciting fashion.  You will also
describe, for her benefit, and the entertainment of us all, the sensations you
are experiencing while your whore arse ring is being stretched, and your whorish
arse pit is being crammed with hot, hard cock."

As the Master spoke slave piglet's fevered mind switched from complete joy, to
utter desolation, and back to elation with each change of the tone of the
statements made.  He was flooded with relief when it finally became clear that
he was not to be denied, and he determined to redeem himself before his
dominators with this second chance he had been granted.  He continued to gaze up
between his legs at the leaning form of the huge Master, and was delighted to
see that he held a bottle of lubricating oil in one hand while the other
casually stropped his mighty erection.  The Master leaned forward slightly and
slave piglet sighed with pleasure as the open, twitching pout of his anus was
bathed in warm, sensuous oil.  The Master then squeezed out copious quantities
of the smooth liquid up and down the throbbing length of his pulsating penis,
and used his other hand to massage the slick substance into the entire length of
his thick organ.  When he was satisfied he put the bottle aside, glanced down
past the slave's still erotically rolling, bottom at his upturned, heavily
made-up face and snapped, "You may proceed, slut!" then he eased his body down
slightly, and thrust his crotch forward so that his massive organ stood out,
ready and waiting, and at a nice, convenient height for the eagerly waiting
slave.

Slave piglet gathered his wits and tried to control the wild palpitations of his
heart while his humiliated excitement began to peak.  He slowly reduced the pace
with which he rolled his rouged bottom cheeks until stopping movement
altogether.  He then inched his contorted body carefully backwards until the
swollen head of the Master's penis touched the stretched skin of his split, just
above his wantonly pulsing anal ring.  The slave made the slight adjustments
necessary to bring the spongy knob of sex meat into direct contact with his anal
pout, sighing with delight when he felt the exquisite touch of the hot satiny
skin on his highly sensitised opening.

The excited slave took a deep breath, steeled himself, and then began to thrust
his rouged bottom slowly back.  He gasped with a delicious mixture of pain and
ecstasy as the huge, hot, slickly oiled glans began to inexorably force open his
heavily muscled anal ring, and he began to pant out, "Oh! Darling Mistress
Lotta.  I thank you from the bottom of my harlot heart for allowing me to have
my hot, tight, whore arsehole fucked by Master Frederick's glorious penis.  Oh
Mistress!  It hurts soooooo good!  The magnificent penis head is stretching my
trollop cunt ring open!"  The panting slave shimmied his bottom as he worked
feverishly to force the ripe hot plumb of the penis tip into his humid, well
oiled hole.  He squealed in joy, and some relief, when the massive penis head
finally, almost audibly, popped in, and shrieked to his Mistress, "Oh darling
Mistress Lotta!  It's in!  Oh how gorgeous it hurts!  My cunt ring is on fire
with ecstasy!  Oh thank you Mistress!  Oh thank you from the bottom of my
depraved heart, Mistress!  Thank for permitting me to not only dream of, but to
actually become a joyfully debauched and perverted fuck slut whose harlot man
twat exists purely for the pleasure of dominant penis!"

Slave piglet panted for breath as he stared in elated awe at the unbelievably
stretched open ring of his deliciously tormented anus, and the huge black bar of
hot hard flesh now disappearing into it.  He began to slowly revolve his now
quite moist skinned bottom cheeks, as much to give the Master pleasure, as to
relieve the awful pressure on his grotesquely dilated anus.  He gasped with
effort, and once again began to bear back.  The slave gasped with anguished
delight as he, with infinite, and exquisite slowness, forced the monumentally
large, black sex pole into his horrifically stretched, and wildly pulsating
rectum.  All the while the panting slave cried out to his watching owner,
describing the exquisite torment of his impalement, shrieking out his eternal
gratitude at being permitted such delicious degradation, squealing out his utter
adoration of her for allowing him to sink to such depraved and perverse depths.

Once the monster organ was completely buried up his writhing, aching rectum, the
delirious slave howled in rapture, "Magnificent Master, my whore man cunt is
yours.  My harlot arse pit exists for the pleasure of your beautiful and manly
penis!"  All the while the slave worked the interior muscles of his impossibly
crammed rectum, causing the slick hot walls to ripple sensuously over the
heated, rock hard meat of the deeply buried penis.  At the same time he squeezed
his horrifically gaping anal ring around the root of the pulsing stem while
rolling his shuddering bottom in absolutely euphoric jubilation.  At length the
slave, by now rambling almost incoherently of his elation, submission and
gratitude for his rape to both his Mistress and the Master, began to,
exquisitely slowly, pump his skewered anus up and down on the massive column of
male sexuality it so welcomed.

His tortured breath came in pants and gasps as the pleasure built to almost
unbearable heights for both slave and rapist.  Indeed, Master Frederick, who
had, up until this stage of the debauched performance, remained largely still,
was showing obvious signs that he too was becoming highly excited. His massive
penis throbbed and jerked in the hot, tight confines of the slave's virgin
rectum and, even though he was not about to give the sweating, working slave any
credit for his performance, was both surprised and pleased at his expertise and
made a mental note of a decision to give him a small reward for his efforts.

The Master reached down the slave's undulating body and quickly unsnapped the
cuffs at his wrists and elbows, grasped him around his torso then reared back
into his upright position, bringing slave piglet's heaving body up with him,
until the slave's heaving torso rested against the wide black skinned chest of
his Master, and, of course, the ecstatic watchers were granted the most
explicitly graphic view possible, of the undulating groins of the performers.

"Oh Desire, darling!"  Mistress Lotta cried, her voice thick with lust. "Look
how wide the little slut's arse ring is stretched.  Look how it's trying to milk
Frederick's cock.  What a lewd harlot my little piglet is.  And look how he's
loving it!"  Mistress Desire, equally excited by the absolute depravity of the
tableau before her entwined her fingers into slave sow's long blonde tresses and
ground the slave's face into her drenched vulva and answered, "Lotta, look at
the whore's worm!  Look how it's writhing in its little pouch!  Look how the
slut's scum bags have swollen!  The lewd harlot must adore surrendering his
lurid arsehole to Frederick's burgeoning prick!"

Slave piglet stared back at the watchers, eyes gleaming with lust, and cheeks
burning with delicious lust, at the depraved sight he must was presenting to
them.  But he was beyond caring about anything except the exquisitely fierce
burning in his packed rectum.  He barely registered the sight of his fellow
chattels kneeling submissively between the wide flung thighs of the domatrixes,
their nude bottoms swaying lasciviously while their servile mouths and tongues
slurped noisily, and tirelessly on the ravishing pussies they so avidly
worshipped.  The pleasure filled slave threw his arms back around the Master's
thick neck and lapped at his sweating throat in a show of wanton lust, and
continued to undulate his bottom, and ripple the slick, elastic walls of his
stuffed rectum lasciviously, to pleasure its cruel invader.

Master Frederick grabbed the slave's hips and began to pump his penis in and out
of his torrid rectum with ever increasing acceleration.  The accompanying speech
of both Master and slave had lapsed into pleasure soaked incoherence as they
fornicated with increasing frenzy.  "I'm going to fuck you so hard, slut, that
you won't be able to walk straight for a week!"  Master Frederick gasped.  "Work
your slut arsehole you harlot!  Make it squeeze my throbbing cock!"  And the
slave, "Fuck me hard, adored Master!  Ream me out with all your might!  Fuck me
deeper!  Fuck me harder!  I'm such a slut!  Such a whore!  I love being fucked
sooooo much!  My harlot man cunt was born to fuck!  Exists to rut for the divine
penises of all superiors!"

On and on it went with all in the room surrendering to the utter depravity of
their lecherous abandon. Squeals of ecstasy accompanied grunts of effort, and
the liquid sounds of busy tongues ploughing into excited, dripping pussy meat
were complimented by the sounds of sweat soaked bottom cheeks slapping into hard
muscled belly.  Slave piglet felt the penis pistoning in and out of his pleasure
filled rectum swell even larger and begin to pulse and jerk.  His keening
shrieks of ecstasy reverberated around the room, accompanied by roars of triumph
from the mighty Master, when the huge penis let go a stream of scalding semen
that inundated the churning walls of the slave's well reamed rectum.  Their
cries of pleasure continued as the spewing penis erupted, seemingly endlessly,
and the ecstatic slave was sure that his belly would explode with the intensity
of his pleasure.  His cruelly trapped penis writhed in frustration in the tight
confines of its captivity, but he didn't care.  He revelled in the absolute
ecstasy of his submission, and gloried in the pleasure he had been permitted to
experience, and longed for it to never stop.

It did, of course, and Master Frederick collapsed back into the seat exhausted,
and allowed slave piglet to conclude their licentious display by using his
distended anal ring to milk every last drop of cream from his Master's gradually
wilting penis.  When slave piglet had fully completed this delightfully wanton
task he was still so filled with masochistic joy that he was reluctant to let go
of the organ that had ravished him so beautifully, and Master Frederick had to
physically thrust him away, warning the slave as he did not to allow even a
single drop of hot semen to escape from his rear cunt, for he had promised this
well seasoned load to his own slave, sow.

Slave piglet's exhausted body collapsed to the floor, never the less he
immediately rolled over, and roes up unto his knees facing his ebony ravisher. 
He bent forward and thrust his face down and began to kiss and lap at the
Master's toes to display his utter servility, his recently raped bottom was
raised high and he rolled its still sweating cheeks lasciviously, gasping out
his gratitude to the dominator for defiling him so completely, and pledged his
undying surrender to his new existence as a whore and harlot to all who wished
to use him.  He vowed to train his newly violated rectum to unheard of levels of
wanton, depraved skill, so that all who deigned to use it for their pleasure
would no that a joyfully debauched trollop adored serving them.

The Mistresses were first to regain some control of their senses after their own
lewd excesses, and Mistress Lotta approached her lover and kissed him deeply,
their tongues duelling sexily.  When the kiss broke she snapped down to her
kneeling serf, "Where are your manners, piglet!  Have you forgotten your slave
duty to a Master who so graciously allows you to service his superior prick! 
Get on with it while I think about a suitable punishment for an irreverent slut
like yourself!"

Slave piglet gasped in shock and his heart pounded with the depths of his
disgrace.  He had been so wrapped up in the ebbing sensations of his violation
that he had forgotten to beg to clean his violator. He cried out in shame,
"Mighty Master!  I beg you to forgive me for my outrageously slovenly behaviour,
and plead to be permitted to clean your beautiful penis of the dregs of my
whorish man cunt!"  Master Frederick reached down and grasped slave piglet by
his long hair and dragged his face up to his sated groin.  The slaved sniffed
deeply at the deliciously depraved aroma wafting off the dominators long, limp
penis coated as it was by a heady mixture of the man's semen and his own rectal
secretions.  As he opened his mouth wide, and used his long, agile tongue to
scoop the sticky head of the huge penis into his hot wet mouth, he heard the
Master call to his slave, sow, to come and receive the lovely reward he had
promised her.

Slave piglet dove down on Master Frederick until the sticky penis was completely
engulfed in his mouth and his stretched lips were pressed into the bush of
crinkly curls at the base of the Master's thick sex stalk.  He shivered with
delight when he felt hands spreading his smooth damp bottom cheeks, and soft
lips being pressed to the gaping pout his still tingling anal ring.  He sighed
into his penis filled mouth and let his sphincter to relax to allow the tip of
the soft warm tongue that insistently prised at it to enter the dark, dripping
cavern.  The male slave settled down to suck the Master's penis clean while his
colleague in slavery sucked her Master's semen from his ravaged rear hole.  As
soon as he was satisfied that Master Frederick's long thick penis was cleansed
of all evidence of his rear pit, slave piglet reluctantly relinquished it and
concentrated on lapping all the evidence of their depravity from his bulging,
hairy testicles, lapping the still swollen eggs with tender care while revelling
in the erotic sensations of slave sow's busy mouth at his own anal opening.

"I was going to allow you to join in our celebrations, piglet."  Mistress Lotta
announced after the ritual cleansing had been completed and all three slaves
were lined up, on their knees, before the seated dominants. "But considering
your less that perfect performance I'm afraid there will be no shoe for you
tonight."  Slave piglet's heart sank, and his testicles began to ache with need,
now that he had been informed that there would be no relief for him. "Instead,
you can watch while we play, and practice pleasing your Masters with your tight
little man cunt."

Slave sow sneaked at glance over at slave piglet and noted the look of anguish
on his handsome face.  It matched the disappointment mirrored on her own
beautiful features, for she had been so looking forward to being allowed to play
with him.  The replica of Master Frederick's penis that slave piglet had
worshipped so avidly during slave pussy's performance was dragged down into the
alcove and slave piglet was told to stand and straddle it.  His wrists were
cuffed together and then attached to a chain hanging from the ceiling.  His
ankle cuffs were then attached to hooks in the floor which  ensured the his
stocking clad legs were kept  spread wide.  He was the instructed to sit on the
plastic penis until his rectal chute had accepted its entire length.  The slave
complied with his instructions, his features screwing up with hurt as his tender
anal ring was once again stretched to accommodate a huge invader. He bore down
until his groin was wedged hard up against the base of the huge dildo and his
rear passage was again crammed full.  The slave's bonds were then adjusted so
that he could move his bottom up and down to the full length of the massive
penis, but not completely expel it.

While slave piglet rolled and rutted on the dildo, and practiced squeezing its
hard surface with his interior muscles, he was treated to the erotic sight of
his Mistress copulating with her black lover.  He was in a state of acute
jealousy while he watched the huge black penis that had so delightfully reamed
out his own joyfully welcoming rectum now ploughed deeply into his Mistress'
dripping vagina.  He was, however, quite surprised to realise that he was not
now sure now which made him more envious, the fact that the penis was not
plunging into his own hole of depravity, or the fact that it was experiencing
voluptuous sensations his own penis would never know.

Slave sow had strapped a huge double dildo around her full hips and was engaged
in violently raping the tiny slave pussy's tight new vagina, and infinitely more
experienced rectum.  Mistress Desire had insinuated her bottom between the two
slaves' faces and was feeding sow her clitoris and slave pussy her tangly anal
ring.  Needless to say both slaves' tongues were overjoyed at being permitted to
pleasure the Mistresses.

The orgy went on for hours with partners swapping at various intervals. 
Countless orgasms were visited on slaves and dominators alike.  Slave piglet
could only look on in frustration, his own penis churning away helplessly in its
bizarre captivity while his arse worked tirelessly on its massive invader.
Finally all the participants were physically exhausted and sexually sated. 
Slave piglet was freed from his bonds and his sore anal ring finally allowed to
surrender the dildo.  The dominators went off to bed and allowed the slaves to
collapse where they were.  Slave sow cradled slave piglet's head against her
enormous breasts and allowed him to drift off to sleep nursing one of her thick
nipples while slave pussy surrendered to sublime unconsiouness with fer pretty
face wedged up against the transparent, flesh filled bulb of plastic that
trapped slave piglet's penis.

A bell aroused the slaves mid morning, and they quickly went about their
ablutions and dressed themselves in fresh slave costumes.  They then woke their
respective owners and assisted them in their morning activities.  After a
delicious brunch, served by the slaves, it was time to return to the city. Hugs
and kisses were exchanged by both slaves and dominators, with promises to do it
all again soon. And they all went to their respective vehicles.

Mistress Lotta loaded slave piglet into the boot of her limousine and placed him
in severe bondage.  He was laid on his back with his head strapped to the side
of the truck.  His legs were then pulled back over his head and his ankles fixed
to the boot wall, one either side of his head.  A long thick dildo was then
attached to the other side of the boot to a sprung pole.  Mistress Lotta
adjusted the length of the pole until the blunt head of the dildo rested flush
against her slave's pouting anus.  She then demonstrated to him that the strong
spring would allow the dildo to reach into the very depths of his rectum.

"Piglet," she said with a cruel smile, "During the trip home I expect your
little whore arsehole to have swallowed the entire length of this dildo, thus
demonstrating its utter whorish depravity, and yearning to become supremely
talented at servicing real cock.  If you succeed I promise you a lovely reward
when we get home.  But if your sluttish little hole fails to swallow its entire
gift, then I think at least six months celibacy will be called for."  She made
ready to close the trunk lid and then added, as an after thought, "Every thirty
seconds I will expect to hear you make a statement of depraved submission for my
entertainment."

The lid slammed shut plunging slave piglet into perfect darkness.  Even before
the large car smoothly moved off slave piglet had managed to suck half the blunt
glans of the dildo past his straining sphincter. He was determined to succeed
for his Mistress.  In about thirty seconds he whispered sexily, "I am your
wanton harlot, sweet Mistress.  My man cunt exists to service dominant penis. 
My worm exists to gush for you enjoyment.  My whore face cunt exists to adore
divine penis.  My trollop mouth worm exists to pleasure sacred anal ring and
hallowed rectum, hallowed vagina and holy clitoris."

As the miles were eaten up the slave continued with both his lustful endeavours. 
By the time they were half way home more than half the dildo had been sucked
into his aching rectum, and his vows of submission had become utterly degenerate
and degrading.  He had accepted the entire length of the dildo when they were
still more than ten miles away, and snapped his aching anal ring tightly around
its thick base to prevent escape.

The big car finally came to a halt in the garage and the trunk lid was popped. 
Mistress Lotta peered in at her bound chattel and smiled in approval at his
efforts, causing the slave's heart to pound with submissive pride.  She allowed
his anus to relinquish the dildo, then unstrapped his naked body from its cruel
bonds, and even took his hand to help him from the boot.  Then they moved
quickly to the apartment.

Once inside slave piglet undressed, then bathed his Mistress, revelling in the
sight of her voluptuous body in the nude.  When he had dried and powdered her
she donned a sheer negligee and repaired to her huge bed.  She ordered her slave
to attend to his own body, and caused his heart to flutter with elation when she
told him to leave his chastity off when he returned.  He wasted no time in
attending to his toilet, carefully shaving his skin and applying his make-up
with meticulous attention, for it would not do to displease his Mistress when it
was so obvious that she was pleased with him.

When he was finally ready he fell to his knees, reached back and grasped his
ankles so that his huge, throbbingly erect penis jutted out from his smooth
groin in a display of utterly debauched depravity, and shuffled into the plush
bedroom.  While he was slowly moving, swaying his erection lasciviously for his
Mistress' enjoyment, he noticed that she had been busy while he had been in the
bathroom.  His slave mat had been laid out before her bed, and his icon was
sitting on a low pedestal before it.  His pulse raced with ecstatic delight when
he saw this for his testicles, tight at the base of his swaying penis were
swollen and ached with need.  Next to the mat Mistress Lotta had set up a video
camera to film her slave's depravity.

Slave piglet shuffled over into position on the mat.  He kept his hands on his
ankles, his smooth thighs spread wide, and he gently rolled his hips so his
throbbing erection swayed lasciviously for his Mistress.  "Lovely, lovely,
little piglet.  I just love how your little worm stands so obediently for me
when I allow it to be free in my presence.  In fact I love it so much that one
day I might even pluck one of my pussy hairs out and tickle its little head with
it as a reward.  Do you think the worm would behave itself while I did that
little piglet?"  Mistress Lotta asked her slave with a coquettish grin.  Slave
piglet flushed with sublime happiness and gasped out, "Oh sweet Mistress, my
pathetic worm does not deserve such a reward.  It surrenders to you completely. 
I have vowed that it will never again disgrace you by leaking its putrid scum
without your permission but, worshipped Mistress, to have its wanton head
tickled with one of your exquisite pussy hairs might test its resolve beyond
endurance.  I would be mortified beyond endurance if the harlot worm were to
soil such a sacred object with its odious worm offal.  I beg you adored
Mistress, should you honour my puny worm with such an unrivalled gift please
grant me time to prepare."

"We'll see, little piglet,"  Mistress Lotta mused, then added, "Maybe I'll make
it a subject for an exhibition at the club.  That might be interesting."  Slave
piglet's pulse raced with a fresh surge of adrenalin at this development, and
his erect penis throbbed even more intensely.  "Any how, back to the business at
hand,"  Mistress Lotta continued.  "I promised you a reward and you shall
receive one. I wish to sleep for exactly seven and one half hours.  I expect it
will only take me a half an hour to drift off.  For that entire time you will
pull off your worm and on each hour, exactly, you will allow it to gush.  As I
will be asleep you will whisper your supplication to your icon.  I have set up
the video camera to record your performance and you will be aware that I intend
to view it from start to finish, so there is no possibility of you cheating me."

The kneeling slave shuddered with a mixture of shame, joy and trepidation for
six orgasms in six hours was going to test even his amazing powers of recovery. 
He was rudely brought back to reality when his Mistress continued, "At precisely
seven thirty you are to put your chastity on, replace your gushing icon in its
shrine, and wake me.  I wish to waken to the feel of your tongue up my
arsehole."  The slave made to reply but Mistress Lotta stopped him saying that
she didn't need him to tell her what she already knew, that he would obey her
instructions to the letter.  She then flicked a few switches on the wall panel
near her headboard.  A cone of soft light illuminated the slave and his cum
icon, the video kicked in, and the rest of the room plunged into complete
darkness.

Slave piglet waited until the regular breathing of Mistress Lotta indicated that
she was in a deep sleep. He then he knelt up and grasped the thick throbbing
stem of his achingly erect penis in one hand and began to masturbate it while
gazing in rapture at the shoe.  He noticed a tiny digital clock next to the cum
icon and flicked his eyes to it from time to time while he pulled at his
throbbing sex.  At the exact second the clock ticked over to the hour the slave
leant slightly forward and stifled a sigh of pleasure as a stream of thick hot
white semen spewed from the tip of his penis and splashed over the shiny black
leather of the shoe.  His spasming penis expelled jet after jet of boiling juice
until its convulsions eased.

The slave silently leant forward and lapped the musky liquid into his mouth,
swallowing until the shoe was clean and shone with his saliva.  He then
whispered "Oh, glorious shoe that has known the presence of sweet Mistress
Lotta's beautiful foot, I beg you to forgive me, her devoted piglet, for soiling
your luxurious leather with the scum from my spewing worm.  My heart is bursting
with sorrow at so foully defiling your glory with my vile worm scum, and I beg
your mercy.  I will love and adore you forever, worshipped, shoe for whom I
exist to adore with all my being."

The slave then knelt back up and commenced to masturbate all over again, his
large penis never wilting in the slightest despite the intensity of the climax. 
Each hour, religiously the slave orgasmed and repeated the humiliating ritual. 
By the fourth climax his testicles had begun to ache and his penis was starting
to feel sore from the constant stropping of his fist.  By the sixth it felt like
his testicles were on fire, and his penis wilted to a relieved limpness.  At
seven thirty the slave quietly rose and with due deference replaced his cum icon
in its shrine, and rushed into the bathroom and packed his sated penis into its
chastity cone with a feeling bordering on relief.

He quickly returned to the sleeping Mistress and carefully raised her negligee
to reveal her voluptuous bottom.  As if in readiness she had one meaty thigh
drawn up against her breasts and her lovely cheeks were widely split.  The
adoring slave slipped his face into that warm crack and pressed his lips to the
crinkled pout.  His soft warm tongue lapped the ring tenderly and then he thrust
it deeply into the intimate hole.  Mistress Lotta slowly came awake to the
delicious sensation of her slave's long warm tongue laving the elastic walls of
her hot, humid rectum.  She turned over with a sigh and her slave, knowing his
duty, parted the warm lips of her hairy vulva with his tongue, glued his lower
lip to her sex, just above her vaginal hole, and delicately teased her urethra
with the tip of his tongue.  He was soon rewarded with a tiny trickle of her
golden champagne.  This trickle, of course, soon became a torrent and the slave
jammed his gaping lips to the spurting hole and joyfully drank the gushing
liquid. Thus began another day in the life of the haughty Mistress and her
adoring slave.





Chapter 12 - The Long Celibacy


Needless to say, after the sheer erotic afterglow of the slave, piglet's, loss
of anal virginity had worn off, Mistress Lotta decided that he should be
punished for his less than perfect performance during that momentous night.
Actually, applying such a penalty to her slave fitted perfectly with her own
immediate plans.  Business was to take her to Europe for three months, and she
had been trying to decide what to do with her slave during that time.  It would
have been nice to take him with her, but that would have presented her with a
dilemma, since her business was, predominantly, with people not of the B & D
culture, and any slip-ups which might be discovered in her life style could have
cost her dearly.

On the morning that she had decided to inform her slave of his punishment she
took up a position in her worship throne, with her volumous bottom cheeks
gloriously nude and drooping, widely split, below the open bottom of the regal
seat.  She had her legs crossed so that access to her sex would be both visually
and physically denied.  The she summoned slave piglet into her presence.  The
sexual and bondage slave, dressed in his normal domestic slave costume, with his
cone chastity firmly locked on, crawled into her presence, head bowed in
obeisance, and took up his position, prone, with forehead pressed to the floor,
and nude buttocks raised high, before his glorious owner.

When given permission to raise his head the slave's eyes were presented with the
alluring sight of his Mistress' gorgeous bottom, and, of course, the crinkled
rosebud nestling so delightfully in the split between the deep, fleshy,
voluptuous cheeks.  Slave piglet's heart raced with a curious mixture of shame
and erotic excitement, and he dutifully cried out, "Darling Mistress Lotta, may
piglet worship, adore, and pleasure your beautiful, exquisite bottom and
ravishingly luscious anus and rectum with his lips and tongue.  Please, please,
sweet Mistress Lotta, piglet implores you to permit him to serve you in this
most cherished manner with all his slavish being."

Mistress Lotta, before giving her eager slave permission to proceed with his
intimate, and humiliating service, informed him that she was going to be making
some important announcements regarding the immediate future, while he performed
his service.  The slave's brain almost didn't register what she was saying as he
manoeuvred his body around so that he was able to commence covering the smooth
cheeks of his Mistress' lovely bottom with tender, adoring kisses, such was his
delight at once again being permitted to serve in such a humiliating fashion. 
Mistress Lotta sighed happily when she felt the first touch of her chattel's
warm, submissive lips on her smooth skin, and settled down to enjoy her slave's
devotion. She remained silent until his face slipped between her warm cheeks,
and she experienced the utter joy of feeling his lips on the tingling pout of
her expectant anus.

As soon as she felt his tongue begin to tantalisingly tease her pulsing ring,
filling it with exquisite pleasure, she began to speak:

"As you are no doubt aware, piglet, I was less that happy with your performance
last weekend.  When you are honoured by being allowed to surrender to your
superiors, and allowed free reign to use your talents to please them, you must
learn that you are required to sink to the absolute depths of depravity and
debauchery, and not to wallow in your own selfish delights.  A Master can fuck
the compliant arsehole of a submissive piece of meat, and take his pleasure, but
we expect a slave to demonstrate his lewd and lascivious nature with total
abandon, and unreserved submission, when so favoured.  The wantonness and
sluttishness of your performance was just not up to standard on the weekend and
therefore you must be punished appropriately."

The slave shivered with apprehension at these words, but never the less worked
his wriggling tongue into the tight, hot depths of his Mistress' writhing rectum
with consummate happiness, and began to tease her throbbing prostate with its
tip as he knew she loved above all else.  The Mistress, flushed with pleasure,
proceeded taking care to maintain the stern quality of her voice despite, the
exquisite sensations sweeping her lovely body:

"You are to remain celibate for the next three months!" She announced, her voice
clearly betraying her own growing arousal. She was astonished at her slave's
reaction to what she clearly thought must have been an horrendous pronouncement
to him.  His long, agile tongue drove deeply into her heated rectal canal, and
sloshed wildly around, as if the slave had just heard that she was going to
allow his penis to ejaculate over and over, rather than the exact opposite.  She
marvelled at the depth of her slave's submissive nature, while she continued:

"I am required to travel to Europe on business for three months, little piglet. 
I was, at first, going to take you with me, but on reflection I have decided
that not only is it impractical, but also potentially dangerous to my
reputation.  Therefore, little piglet, your punishment is going to be two fold. 
Not only are you to be celibate, but you will also be deprived of worshipping at
my feet for this period. I'm sure that this deprivation should further reinforce
your lesson."

Slave piglet's whole body shuddered with disappointment, and his submissive mind
flooded with sheer misery , and his tongue worked furiously in his Mistress'
hot, humid rear hole, as if it might somehow convince her that she needed it on
her trip, such was the pleasure it gave.  The effort would, of course, be to no
avail as the Mistress continued:

"I have decided to put you to work while I'm gone.  You will spend your week
days being of assistance in Mistress Cassandra's boutique.  You will obey her as
if she were me and refuse nothing she asks. On the weekends you will provide
whatever services that might be required of you at the Club.  You will wear you
chastity at all times, with the exception of two sets of circumstances.  The
first is a special worship session I have developed for you to undertake each
and every day that I am absent as a last act before you retire to sleep.  I will
explain this further to you later, for it also involves a test I have designed
to gauge your submission and sexual discipline.  The other occasions are when
Cassandra, or the Club Manageress decide that they want you unfettered for some
reason or other.  Not withstanding these opportunities, your worm will not
either leak nor spit for the entire period of my absence.  In fact, I'm taking
your cum icon with me when I go, just to ensure that there is no temptation for
you to defy me."

The Mistress then told her slave to cease his administrations to her anus,
allowing him to lap up the juices his clever tongue had caused to leak from her
moist vagina while he had worshipped her rear passage.  While he did this, with
consummate delight, savouring the rich, spicy flavours of her sex juices, she
continued:

"You will continue to live here, and will be permitted to drive my car to your
places of service.  You will however have no need to cover your slave costume
while you commute, so you'll have to be careful when going from the apartment to
the car if you don't want to be too embarrassed.  You can park the car at the
rear of the boutique, so that should not present too much of a problem.  And, of
course, going from the club car park to the club, as we already know, presents
no problem at all."

With the slave's task completed, his taste buds still thrilling to the tang of
his Mistress' vaginal juices, the two went about their normal daily business. 
Slave piglet worked hard preparing his Mistress' for travel.  He packed her
cases with her lingerie and business clothes.  He visited her travel agent to
complete her trip schedule.  The departure day arrived all too soon for the
slave, not that he could complain for Mistress Lotta used his talented tongue on
her erogenous zones with ever increasing frequency as the day of her departure
drew nearer.

On the last day Mistress Lotta informed slave piglet of the nature of the trial
she had designed for him. The two of them were in the master bedroom, where
Mistress Lotta explained to her chattel the qualities of the bondage contraption
she had had constructed just for this purpose.  It consisted of a bondage rack
of welded stainless steel bars, leather, self locking cuffs, and a strange,
complicated looking device that was yet to be explained.  Off to one side a
video camera had been set up to record the details of the slave's performance
while his body was held securely in the rack's tight loving embrace.

Mistress Lotta threw the slave's chastity key down to him ordering him to remove
his belt.  The slave quickly unlocked the cone and withdrew it.  Mistress Lotta,
although she had witnessed it frequently, still marvelled at the sight of
slave's enormous penis snapping to throbbing erection as soon as it was free of
the cramped confines of the leather cone. The force with which the huge pole
stiffened caused its spongy head to slap audibly into the flesh between his
belly button and his painted nipples, leaving a smear of lip gloss on the smooth
skin.  She then explained, with appropriate demonstration, how he was to achieve
the immobilisation of his nudity in the rack.  The slave dutifully placed his
wrists and ankles into the cuffs provided, when instructed, and allowed his
slender waist to be encased in a wide, barely flexible leather belt.

Once all the bonds were securely attached to their targets, Mistress Lotta
pointed to a small button embedded in one of the upright, tubing poles of the
rack, just in reach of the fingers of her slave's left hand and ordered him to
press it.  Immediately the various shackles tightened markedly on the slave's
body, rendering it completely immobile, especially the belt around his waist,
which ensured that he was not able to move his hips or groin even a fraction of
an inch in any direction.  The slave watched in captivated awe as a silvery arm,
driven by an electric motor, swung out until the two inch diameter ring at its
apex was poised directly over the swollen head of his arching penis.  Once
locked in place the arm, descended forcing the slave's long thick penis through
the ring which was lined on its inside with soft, smooth latex rubber.

As soon as the ring had descended fully to the base of the stiff penis its
rubber interior inflated until it gripped snugly around the throbbing flesh of
the sex stalk, then the arm began to rise, drawing the sensuously clasping ring
up the wantonly standing sex pole.  Once it again reached the tip of the
pulsating penis, it reversed direction and again forced the ring back down to
the base of the massive organ causing intense sensations of pleasure to course
through the captive slave.  Mistress Lotta explained to slave piglet that he
would spend one hour each night in this titillating bondage.  She informed him
that the automatic masturbator would steadily increase the pace with which it
stropped his penis throughout the hour, and then demonstrated the quickest
setting.  Slave piglet almost squealed in a fit of ecstasy as the arm went up
and down at such speed as to be almost invisible, and the pleasure permeating
his restrained nudity became so unbearable it took every ounce of his famed
control to stop his tormented organ from leaking that strictly forbidden drop of
pre-cum.

Mistress Lotta stopped the masturbator saying:

"The camera will record your worm all through the hour each night, and you will
take the tape to either Mistress Cassandra, or to the club so that your
performance can be closely monitored.  I shall hang a pair of my panties on the
rack so that they drape against your face when you are in its loving embrace
before I go, and there will also be another little surprise for you which I'll
allow you to fantasise about until the first night I'm gone.  When the hour is
up the machine is programmed to release your body and you will then be able to
rest."

The next morning a tearful slave piglet carefully replaced his Mistress' panties
after she had allowed him one final farewell kiss of her anus before the door
bell rang to herald the arrival of a limousine to take her to the airport.  The
slave spent the rest of that day cleaning the apartment and washing and pressing
his slave costumes in readiness for his new temporary jobs.

The next morning he prepared his body carefully to spend the day at Mistress
Cassandra's boutique and, with a feeling of acute fear, and delicious shame,
checked the hallway before running as quickly as his stiletto heels would allow,
to the lift.  He breathed a sigh of relief when he found that it was empty,
although, being so early in the morning he really didn't run too much of a risk
in being seen.  Once in the basement car park he quickly rushed to the car and
got in.  He was grateful that the car's windows were tinted very darkly so no
one could see in.  The slave drove the big car out of the garage and off he went
to the boutique.

When he arrived it was still dark, and he waited in the car for the Mistress to
arrive.  She also arrived quite early, and was surprised that the slave was
already there when she pulled her car up next Mistress Lotta's.  The tall
transsexual Mistress got out of her car and went to the rear door of the shop. 
She went in, followed quickly by the bizarrely dressed slave who dropped to his
knees as soon as they were inside.  He crawled into the shop and prostrated
himself before the haughty Mistress, his smooth buttocks raised high:

"Good morning, gorgeous Mistress Cassandra.  I am at your command, and offer you
my unquestioning obedience."

The Mistress leered down at the fawning slave and laughed:

"Oh boy, little piglet, do I have plans for you.  But before we start you may
greet me in the time honoured fashion."

The slave immediately craned his bowed head forward and kissed the toes of the
Mistress' highly polished boots.  He then twisted his naked torso around to her
rear, carefully parted the long leather, split skirt and gently kissed each
smooth cheek of her slender,shapely bottom, and finally placed a devoted kiss on
the supple leather cache sex that enveloped her substantial genitals. The
submissive slave then resumed his prostrate position:

"That's better, slave."  Mistress Cassandra said, "Now today is likely to be
quiet.  We don't open the viewing booth on Mondays, so a lot of customers don't
bother to come into the shop.  In fact, I usually devote Mondays to doing the
books.  I'll tell you what.  You can choose.  You can spend the day either
sucking my balls, or my arsehole.  Which would you rather do, little slut?"

A tiny shiver of delicious shame washed over the scantily clad slave, and he
cried, his cracking voice obviously betraying his growing excitement, "Oh
please, Mistress Cassandra!  The choice is too hard. I would love to suckle your
divine testicles for your pleasure, but I would also adore being allowed to
taste your luscious anus and succulent rectum, and to pleasure them for you. 
Please, Mistress Cassandra, allow me to serve one in the morning, and the other
in the afternoon!  Please darling Mistress Cassandra, let me, I beg you!"

The imperious domatrix gazed down at the grovelling slave with a half amused
smile creasing her handsome features:

"Well, well, what a thoughtful suggestion little slut.  That's what we'll do. 
You can start on my arsehole, and finish with my balls, and if your performance
pleases me sufficiently I may even reward you by emptying them down you gullet
before we close for the day.  Now, get into position while I prepare the books,
and make the appropriate adjustments to this seat of mine so that we are both
comfortable."

The  slave crawled around to the back of the counter while Mistress Cassandra
removed the leather seat from the high stool there, and replaced it with a
thickly padded replica of a toilet seat, ensuring that it was firmly attached. 
While she gathered her books and a pen and laid them on the glass topped
counter, slave piglet clambered into the space below the stool so that his
nudity knelt immediately below the bizarre seat.  The Mistress swept her long
black leather skirt aside and, after carefully pulling the leather thong of her
minuscule G-string from the deep split between her shapely bottom cheeks,
allowed her bottom to descend onto the U shaped seat.

Once she was comfortably settled she allowed her skirt to drape back over the
kneeling slave, partially obscuring him from view, while at the same time
dimming the light around his upturned face.  The light was not so dim, however,
that the slave was not able to gaze up and clearly see the erotic sight above
his upturned face.  The edges of the seat, of course, caused the buttocks they
supported to part widely and reveal the slightly raised, and muscle ridged, ring
of the dominant's anus nestled deeply within the intimate chasm.

The slave's powdered cheeks flushed hotly, and he slowly raised his face.  He
thrilled to the sensation of the warm smooth skin of the splayed bottom cheeks
on his own flushed cheeks when he slipped his face into the spread valley of
flesh.  His heart sang with slavish delight when his pursed lips were finally
pressed against the intimate aperture.  His vibrant senses were heightened
extraordinarily,as they always were when his tongue tip tasted the aromatic ring
for the first time, and its musky flavours flooded his acutely receptive taste
buds.

Once the first flush of happiness at the degradation he was experiencing had
passed the slave settled down to the delightful task of pleasing his dominator. 
He alternated between teasing and tantalising her sensitive hole with the tip of
his busy tongue, lapping the muscled opening wetly, and driving his tongue
deeply into the hot tight hole of her rectal chute and laving its rippling walls
with lascivious abandon.  He could tell that the Mistress was enjoying his
ministrations enormously from her sighs of contentment, and from the almost
constant movement in her cache sex as her penis flexed and swelled with her ever
burgeoning arousal.

The hours passed slowly for slave piglet, the constant attention of his lips and
tongue eventually making both quite numb, not to mention the dull ache in his
neck caused by the necessity for it to keep his upturned face in position.  The
sensations experienced by Mistress Cassandra also eventually became part of the
scenery although, as she would later say, "You just can't get enough of a
slave's devoted tongue on or in your asshole!"  But when lunchtime arrived she
allowed the slave some respite, and he was able to stretch his aching muscles,
relieve himself, and then eat.

When Mistress Cassandra resumed her seat for the afternoon she had carefully
manipulated her G-string so that her hairy testicles hung free, but not her
penis which remained enclosed in the supple leather of the skimpy garment. 
Slave piglet licked and sucked the hot tender eggs with the devotion of a
religious fanatic, nursing the swollen orbs lovingly, drawing each into his hot
wet mouth from time to time and suckling it with passionate fondness, for hour
after hour.  All the while the domatrix worked, serving the odd customer as
required, and savoured the joy of the slave's untiring tongue on her most
sensitive appendages.

Just before closing time Mistress Cassandra's own slave turned up.  When the
thickset man removed his leather cloak he was seen to be clad, as normal, in a
black leather body harness that contrived to accentuate rather than hide his
nudity.  And, of course, once he was in the presence of his haughty owner his
long thick penis immediately swelled and stiffened until it arched out, rock
hard, from his smoothly shaven groin.  Mistress Cassandra addressed her chattel:

"I see you've managed to turn up on time for a change, swine.  Shut up the shop,
then get your scrawny carcass around here, I've got a job for you."

The dutiful slave rushed to do his Mistress' bidding, his erect penis swaying
erotically as he walked. Once he had moved behind the long counter and had
approached the two engaged there a frown of jealousy could be seen to cross his
facade as when he saw slave piglet worshipping his owner's hairy testicles. 
While he was approaching the domatrix drew her leather G-string aside to reveal
her own throbbing erection, and continued:

"Suck on this, swine!  I promised this pig, who has sucked my balls all
afternoon, that I would allow him to drink from them if his performance earned
it, and I have decided it has.  Your job is to suck me until I'm ready to shoot. 
If you please me I will allow the piglet to bring you off as well."

The transsexual concluded as she grasped her slave's bull like neck and forced
his bald head down into her groin.  Slave piglet, still dutifully mouthing the
Mistress' testicles, watched in fascination as inch after inch of her stiff
penis disappeared into her slave's welcoming mouth, until his lips were ovalled
around its thick base.  The slave then began to bob his head up and down,
sensually tonguing the hard meat with each full stroke.  Such was the slave's
skill, the excited dominator's breath was soon wheezing, and her slender hips
slightly bouncing her lovely bottom cheeks on the chair.

With tiny shrieks of ecstasy being torn from her throat Mistress Cassandra
roughly thrust her slave's bobbing head away from her crotch, grasped slave
piglet by the hair, and thrust her penis into his gaping mouth and drove it
relentlessly down his gulping throat.  Almost as soon as the pulsating organ was
in as far as it would go it began to erupt, bathing the adoring slave's writhing
throat in an ocean of scalding sex cream.  Slave piglet wildly swallowed the
gushing fluid, not really having time to savour its satiny texture and musky
flavour.  The climaxing penis streamed its juices out for almost thirty seconds,
such was the intensity of the orgasm, and piglet drank it all with surges of joy
erupting in every fibre of his being.  When the orgasm was finally exhausted he
was extra careful to use his elastic lips to squeeze every drop from the sated
organ before, reluctantly, allowing it to pop free of his voracious maw:

"That was just lovely, my little pigs!"  The satiated Mistress sighed, then
continued, "Up! swine, hands on head and legs apart!"  She commanded.  When the
slave had complied she ordered slave piglet to kneel before him, "Piglet, you
little whore, you are to pull the swine's cock off while using the tip of your
lecherous tongue to tease its piss slit.  When the hog's scum bags release their
offal, I want to see the dregs splashing over your lewdly wriggling tongue so
you can savour its decrepit taste before drinking it down like a good slave."

With her instructions completed the Mistress took up a position behind her
standing slave.  Her sharp fingernails began to slice into his hard little
nipples while slave piglet reached out with both hands and grasped the hot, hard
shaft of his throbbing penis.  The kneeling slave began to wank the penis in
long full strokes, staring at its spongy, purple head in sexual wonder.  His
long tongue shot from his mouth and he began to delicately tease the already
drooling slit, his nose twitching at the heady aroma of aroused male sexuality.

Slave piglet wanked the penis for all of five minutes, gradually increasing his
pace all the time, before, with a muffled cry of sheer pleasure, the slave
climaxed.  His thick, creamy semen jetted from the tip of his jerking penis, and
cascaded over slave piglet's lasciviously wriggling tongue.  The kneeling slave
slurped all the musky fluid down avidly, in a display of depravity which
thrilled him to his very core, and all the while his own trapped penis churned
away in total frustration in its tight cone.  As soon as the slave's balls were
completely drained Mistress Cassandra announced that it was time to go home, and
all left the shop.

Over the three month period this became a ritual every monday.  On the other
days slave piglet was engaged in a number of differing activities.  Sometimes he
was required to model frilly, lacy lingerie for the boutique's clients, always
blushing prettily while he pranced around in all sorts of erotic finery. Other
times he was required to demonstrate the uses of various sex toys.

Other times he was used as part of the live exhibitions, although a passive one. 
On one occasion he was required to tongue Mistress Cassandra's slave's anus
while a Master whipped the slave's penis to orgasm.  On another he was required
to suck a slave girl's smoothly shaven pussy to climax while a muscular Master
thrashed her opulent breasts with a particularly vicious whip.

Sometimes slave piglet was required to attend in the viewing room, in much the
same fashion that he, himself, had suggested to Mistress Cassandra on his first
visit, as a slave, to her establishment.  Thus he spent tongue washing patron's
anal rings so they would not soil the white leather of the room's armchair.  In
this role he was available to suck the penises or pussies of the patrons as they
enjoyed the shows, if they so desired, and they almost invariably did, of
course.  All in all, slave piglet was kept busy at the boutique during week
days, and barely had time to reflect on how badly he missed his Mistress.  His
enforced celibacy was, however, a different matter, and the slave suffered
continually from frustrated arousal, his testicles aching dreadfully almost all
the time.

Slave piglet's most frustrating time was however, spent at the club at the
weekends.  The club Mistress used him in a number of roles, as a waitress, in
the relief room as both the anal whore, or the cleaning mouth, as a toilet
attendant to the dominators, and, of course, in many of the exhibitions put on
by slaves as entertainment.  She insisted that he wear his new plastic chastity
at all times as she though that it was more humiliating for him than his normal
cone, and it was certainly a more graphically exciting sight for the patrons,
especially when he was obviously aroused for so much of the time.

The activity the slave enjoyed most was the time spent as the anal harlot.  He
had become almost addicted to the sensation of stiff, hot, throbbing penis
plumbing the depths of his tight rectum and, after a time, was sought after for
this activity because he had trained the interior passage of his rear passage to
pleasure its invaders to such an extent that he was considered the best the club
members had ever experienced at this erotically depraved activity.  In fact,
many of the male dominators actually preferred to use slave piglet's anus to
most of the female slaves' vaginas, a state of affairs that did not particularly
endear him to his fellow female submissives.

A typical weekend at the club went something like this.  Slave piglet would
arrive at 10 am, an hour before official opening time.  He would be clad in a
formal, or highly humiliating, but intensely exotic slave costume, have his face
heavily made up, and his large penis trapped lewdly in its transparent rubber
chastity.  He would act as a waiter in the dining room for the luncheon period,
serving food and drinks to the dominant patrons, and deferring to their whims
while submissively enduring their inevitable teasing and taunts.  During the
afternoon he would generally be used as either a drinks waiter, or, from his
point of view, more deliciously degradingly, as a toilet attendant.

In the evenings he would either serve in the relief room, or continue as a
waiter unless required to assist in debauched exhibitions.  All throughout the
period he was treated by the manageress almost like a normal employee.  She had
her own stable of slaves which she used, exclusively, for her own voracious
sexual requirements, both male and female. She never used slave piglet in this
manner.  In fact, slave piglet was quite disappointed with this aspect of his
service, not withstanding that his anus was extensively used in the relief room,
because even depraved anal activity, while obviously both humiliating and
exciting, was also almost impersonal because of his anonymous bondage.

Perhaps the most erotically exciting times for the slave at the club were those
occasions when he was required to assist in the various exhibitions.  At least
when these events happened he was required to publicly surrender his anus to a
slave's penis, use his hands or mouth on other slaves' penises, pussies, or
anuses, and generally add to the debauched eroticism of the displays.  But all
in all, it was not as personally exciting for him as such activities would have
been if his Mistress were present, and personally enjoying his degradation.

However, one activity in particular, served to remind slave piglet of his
station in life, and his subjugation to the absent domatrix.  This was his one
hour a day in the test rack described earlier in this chapter.  Slave piglet,
and hour before he was due to retire, would bath his body in preparation, his
penis snapping to erection immediately it was freed from its chastity.  He would
then load the video camera, and position his nudity in the confines of the rack,
then depress the control button.  The shackles would snap shut trapping his body
as described earlier, and render it immobile.

By this time slave piglet's mind would be busy preparing for the coming ordeal,
made all the more unbearable by the surprise his Mistress had alluded to when
she first introduced him to the contraption. By the time the constricting ring
was in place at the thick base of the slave's rock hard sex he would be as
ready, mentally, as was possible, his brain steeled for the ordeal.  Two
separate events would then happen, the first would be the lowering of a box-like
object from the top of the rack, which descended until it was poised squarely in
front of his face, about two inches away from it.  Then two small slides would
slip from its front.  The higher of which would reveal a tiny television
monitor, immediately in front of slave piglet's wide eyes, and the lower one
allowed a tiny plastic arm to reach out.  Attached to this arm was a pair of
Mistress Lotta's minuscule panties.

Once all pre-ordained activity was complete, with slave piglet securely held in
immobile captivity, the trial would begin.  The small metal arm to which the
panties were attached would move in towards his face until the gusset, pungently
aromatic with the aroma of Mistress Lotta's fragrant sex, would be drape over
the slave's twitching nostrils, allowing him to deeply inhale the erotic scent,
sending him wild with desire, and cause his arching, aching penis to throb in
absolute ecstasy.  Next the tiny monitor would flick into life and a video, made
by Mistress Lotta in conjunction with her lover Master Frederick expressly for
this purpose, would begin.

The arm attached to the latex covered ring enclosing slave piglet's long thick
organ would begin to slowly strop up and down the hot pulsing stem, with
agonising sensuousness while he breathed deeply the succulent aroma of sex, and
stared in awe at the two dominators as they performed such erotic feats to
cruelly taunt him.  Mistress Lotta, in her exquisite erotic cruelty, had added a
sound track to the video in which she described, in graphic detail, the entire
sequence of the wanton sexual pleasures depicted, always reminding the
ecstatically suffering slave that he was forbidden to experience any of the
erotic acts that he was witnessing.

The video started with the two dominants sensuously undressing each other. 
Slave piglet watched with growing arousal while the huge black hands of the
Master stripped his Mistress, caressing her voluptuous charms, cupping her large
shapely breasts, and tweaking their rubbery stiff nipples.  Then sliding down to
her hairy groin splaying the thick lips of her adorable vulva revealing the
drenched sex trench to the salivating slave, and then petting the strainingly
stiff clitoris.  All the time the Mistress' husky voice described the thrilling
sensations she was experiencing to her tormented slave.  The slave watched while
the Master first tongued his Mistress' thick teats, then lowered his mighty head
to tease her tingling clitoral bud with his thick, hot tongue, and finally
plunging it deeply into her convulsing vagina, while drilling her pouting anal
ring with a long insistent finger.

Once the Mistress had been fully stripped and expertly titillated by Master
Frederick, it was her turn to return the favour.  By this time the captive
slave's mind was in a tortured turmoil of yearning, combined with the ever
present essentiality that he not surrender to his torment.  Mistress Lotta
actually wasted no time in divesting Master Frederick of all his garments,
except his briefs which swelled enormously with his mighty penis struggling to
escape from their restricting confines.  She then knelt at the huge black man's
feet, one enormous, creamy, white breast on either side of his muscular thigh,
and slowly lowered the leather briefs, sighing with pleasure when the massive,
semi erect penis popped free of the garment, and sensually, swayed back and
forth and inch or two from her beautiful, expectant face.

Mistress Lotta cupped the swollen testicles hanging at the base of the ebony
stalk, and while she slowly and sensuously stoked the ever hardening organ,
began to tease her tormented slave:

"Isn't this the most gorgeous prick you have ever seen, little piglet.  Don't
you just long to feel its mighty girth stretching your little man twat ring
open.  Don't you yearn to feel it fill the wanton hole of your man cunt and fuck
it 'til your just delirious with lust, you perverted little whore.  I'm going to
taste its succulent flavours now, little slut.  Are'nt you jealous.  I'll bet
you are!  I'll bet you are longing to be in my place, so that you could kiss
away the seeping pre-cum from its tip, before joyfully burying its big knob in
the back of your gulping throat, like the lascivious little trollop you are!"

The Mistress then did exactly that, the tip of her pink tongue sweeping up the
fluids seeping from the slit at the tip of the erect penis before opening her
mouth lewdly wide, and then engulfing the huge glans in her mouth.  then she
drove down on the organ until almost all of its monumental length disappeared
into her unbelievably stretched lips.  Slave piglet, by now panting with pent up
passion, stared in fascination at the scene being played out in front of his
eyes.  All his thoughts were concentrated on two things.  A bomb could have
exploded in the room and the captive slave would not have even noticed, such was
his state of mind at this time.  His entire being was focused on the erotic
display he watched, and on his need to control, utterly, his own burgeoning
desire.  The ring enclosing the girth of his own rigid penis stoked it
relentlessly, at an ever increasing, and erotically maddening pace.

The two dominants continued to play out their tableau of sensual abandon on the
tiny screen while the slave suffered his erotic torture with growing anguish,
with the excruciating peaks of pleasure were now almost continually rocking his
heaving, captive nudity.  The climax of the slave's harrowing ordeal always came
when the Master threw his Mistress to the floor, pressed her knees up against
her thrusting breasts, causing her dripping vulva to splay wide, then kneeling,
spread legged, between her stretched out thighs.  His mighty penis arching out
with its enormous, satiny glans, still glistening with his Mistress' saliva,
nudging at the slick opening of her silky vagina.

Slave piglet's sobs of sensual frustration grew in magnitude while he watched
the huge, black bar of ebony sex slowly disappear into the pink depths of his
Mistress' receptive hole, and begin, ever so slowly, to plunge in and out.  At
this point Mistress Lotta's face would appear from behind Master Frederick's
hunched shoulders.  She would be smiling with a mixture of erotic cruelty and
unadulterated lust at the camera, and begin to taunt:

"Look, little piglet, look at your Mistress being so deliciously fucked by the
Master's manly cock.  It feels soooooo good, little whore.  My cunt muscles are
stretched so wide that they ache deliciously. Oh how I love to use them to
squeeze the beautiful big prick with each adorable stroke.  Oh how the prick
throbs in me, oh how hot it is.  I love it!  I love it!  I'll bet you're
drooling with lust, you wanton harlot!  I'll bet your puny worm is suffering
delightfully while you yearn to be in the Master's place. But you never will be,
will you?  Don't you just adore your Mistress for catering to your needs so
perfectly.  She knows that, deep down, you are aware that you are not worthy of
ever feeling anything like this, that your puny worm could never satisfy your
Mistress, that you would just die of shame if your slimy worm scum ever soiled
my exquisite skin.  Oh!  I'm cumming, little slut!  I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"

Slave piglet, sweat rolling down his trapped body, watched in utter frustration
as the explosion of the lovers' orgasms broke over their heaving bodies.  The
fluids of their combined climaxes gushed around their still moving groins and
dripped to the floor beneath their heaving hips.  The ring was now flashing up
and down his own throbbing penis all the while, and he almost lost consciousness
in his endeavours to prevent his throbbing lust pole from releasing even one
tiny drop of his own juice from the wildly churning, and terribly aching
testicles bouncing, almost painfully at the base of the tormented organ.

The last throes of the lovers' orgasms lasted at least five minutes before they
finally collapsed in satiated exhaustion to the floor, and the camera slowly
faded to white.  At the same time the piston working slave piglet's masturbator
abruptly ceased moving, and his shackles magically fell away.  The exhausted
slave almost collapsed as well, once his body was released.  He rested for a
short while, his reddened and quite sore penis remaining rock hard, and his
swollen testicles now aching even more horribly.

When he had recovered sufficiently from his harrowing ordeal he would rise and
quickly clean up the equipment.  Slave piglet would then shower, once again
using cold water on his penis to coax it into softening sufficiently for him to
feed its thick tube into his chastity cone.  He always used his largest butt
plug, shivering with delight as it stretched his tight anal ring as he sank it
deeply into his rectum before fastening the belt around his slender waist. 
Slave piglet would then retire to his small bedroom, dropping off to sleep
quickly with his mind dreaming of endless service and constant humiliation.

Thus slave piglet's life went on for the three months of his Mistress' absence. 
It was at this time that the seeds of dissent, first sowed with the slave sow,
began to grow.  Although the slave was not, at this time, consciously aware. 
Somehow his thirst for subjugation was subtly growing, and Mistress Lotta was
beginning to become less important to his needs.  He did not yet, of course,
realise what was happening, and in any event, the doubts he harboured were still
deeply buried in his subconscious, and would not mature for many months yet. 




Chapter 13 - A  Full Program at the Club

Slave piglet's excitement grew as the day of his Mistress' return neared. He
continued to perform his duties at both boutique and club with tireless
devotion, and endured the mental and physical torment while captured in the
obscene embrace of the bizarre bondage rack each night. The slave was, however,
slightly surprised, and not a little ashamed, to realise that he looked forward
to seeing the beautiful and voluptuous slave, sow, again, almost as much as he
was, his Mistress. If Mistress Lotta had been able to see her slave when he
showered, it is difficult to ascertain whether she would have been incensed with
his behaviour, or proud of her absolute domination over his sexuality. For he
had taken to attempting to masturbate, but to his eternal chagrin, his throbbing
penis was incapable of climaxing without his eyes being filled with the image of
the shoe, his cum icon.

At last, however, the big day arrived. Slave piglet took extra care with his
ablutions, his make-up, and especially his costume, selecting the most erotic,
and garishly slutty, one in his wardrobe for the occasion. He donned his rubber
pouch styled chastity in the hope that it would please his Mistress to see his
penis writhing in its helpless captivity. He knew the approximate time of his
Mistress' arrival, but had taken up his welcoming position well in advance, to
be sure that he would be ready. His heart fluttered with happiness when he heard
the keypad of the sophisticated apartment door lock being tapped.

The door opened and slave piglet was surprised to see two sets of feet in front
of his bowed head, his Mistress' obviously female ones, and the scruffy ones of
a male. The slave flushed with acute embarrassment, but never the less leant
forward and kissed the toes of Mistress Lotta's highly polished pumps, rose up
and twisted his torso around to kiss the mounds of her clothed buttocks, and
finally pressed his face into that part of her skirt covering her sex, and
breathed:

"Welcome home, sweet Mistress. I have missed you terribly."

"Yes, it's good to be home, little slut."  Mistress Lotta replied. "But enough
of the small talk. I,ve promised this cab driver that he can extract his tip
from you. Tell him what you have to offer, you little trollop."

Slave piglet's cheeks blushed crimson with humiliation as he turned his kneeling
body to face the young, slightly effeminate driver:

"Darling Master, I can tongue kiss you succulent anal ring, suckle you ravishing
testicles, suck the delicious juice from you mouth watering penis, or you can
allow my harlot man cunt to worship it until you cum."

Mistress Lotta glanced at, first the look of shock on the young male's face,
then suggested:

"Look, I'm tired and jet lagged. I'm going to have a long hot bath and then a
sleep. Why don't you sample all of my piglet's talents, and enjoy yourself for a
few hours. I know he will be delighted to please you in any way you can imagine.
The only thing you cant see is stunted worm spit, that is strictly forbidden."

The excited driver, this time, was almost indecent in his haste to agree to this
totally unexpected sexual thrill, and Mistress Lotta continued:

"Slave piglet, show the Master to your room, where he may prepare for your
sluttish attentions. Then come to my bathroom and assist me with my bath
preparations, then you can join him for your little bit of fun."

Slave piglet, still blushing furiously, asked the young male to follow him, and
crawled off to his room. He left the male there to undress and prepare for his
treat, and then padded off to Mistress Lotta's ornate bathroom. When he got
there he immediately adjusted the faucets and allowed the steaming water to fill
the huge tub, frothing up nicely into a sea of bubbles as it stirred up the
fragrant bath salts he had poured in first. He then went to his Mistress who
still stood, fully clothed, before her full length mirror.

The slave's heart surged with happiness as he gazed at the erotic sight of his
haughty Mistress, standing aloofly, while his own bizarrely clad nudity knelt
submissively at her feet:

"You may undress me, little slut, and then you may greet me in a fashion that
more aptly befits you station."

Slave piglet rose to his feet and slowly unbuttoned his Mistress' silk blouse
and slipped it from her shoulders. He marvelled at the enormous size of the cups
of her white satin bra while he carefully folded the blouse and placed it on her
vanity table. He then unzipped her long skirt and allowed it to drift to the
floor. Mistress Lotta stepped from the skirt, giving her slave the visual thrill
of seeing her long, shapely legs, sheathed in exotic hose held up by satin
garters, not to mention the alluring sight of her prominent mound, and beautiful
bottom cheeks so barely contained in her tiny pink panties.

The slave reached up from his kneeling position and delicately unsnapped each
garter. Then he reached down and unstrapped her pumps and removed then from her
feet. He tenderly kissed her stocking toes and then carefully slid the filmy
silken hose down her legs, almost swooning as this allowed him to press his lips
to those digits with nothing between them and her skin. He ten reached up and
unsnapped the satin garter belt and removed it from her slender hips.

Slave piglet next stood and unsnapped his Mistress' bra. He glowed with rapture
when he saw her huge, soft breasts fall out of the enormous cups, their pink
nipples slightly crinkled. Mistress Lotta teased her slave by sensuously rolling
her massive breasts once they were free of the constricting cups, and erotically
petting her stiffening nipples with her busy fingers. The slave reluctantly
continued his task, kneeling at his Mistress' feet once again, this time behind
her standing body.  He reached up and carefully eased her minuscule panties
down. He almost sighed with bliss as inch after inch of her glorious, smooth,
creamy skinned bottom cheeks slowly came into view.

As soon as his Mistress had stepped out of her panties, and stood magnificently
nude, the slave whispered, "Please, darling Mistress, Please, may I?"  "Oh, all
right you incorrigible harlot," She replied, bending forward at the waist so
that her heavy breasts swung sensually, and her voluptuous buttocks split wide
apart. "But only one, and not too long."  Slave piglet flushed with joy when his
cheeks slipped into that warm deep fleshy chasm, and he was able to breath in
the intimate scent of his Mistress' arse. His pulse surged with delight when his
soft lips pressed against the muscled ridge of he anal ring.  He slipped his
long tongue out and drove it past the tingling ring, and deeply into her hot
tight rectum, and tongue kissed her humid, pungent anus with submissive
devotion.

All to soon for slave piglet's liking, his Mistress straightened her body
denying him further access to her anus:

"Off you go, you little trollop. Enjoy yourself, but make absolutely sure that
you satisfy the Master. You know that I'll know if you haven't, and you'll
suffer the consequences."

The slave blushed prettily, dropped down to all fours, and crawled off while his
Mistress stepped into her soothing bath. He crawled down a corridor to his room
and went in. The slender youth had stripped off and was lying on slave piglet's
narrow cot completely nude. Slave piglet was pleased to see that at least his
body was clean, and delighted to notice that his penis was quite large and
thick, even though it was only semi erect. The gay male was also quite hairless,
even to the extent that he obviously shaved his groin.

Slave piglet crawled to the end of his cot so that he was able to peer up
between the youth's spread legs, and to see his heavy, swollen testicles. He
shivered with perverse contentment, it was always much more exciting to drain
big testicles, swollen with sap, because they were usually capable of many
climaxes. He smiled shyly at the lad and whispered:

"You have a beautiful big penis, Master.  I am going to adore servicing it for
your pleasure. As Mistress has said my harlot body is available for your
enjoyment. I will refuse nothing that you desire. My lips and tongue yearn to
taste your divine penis, and to drink the succulent juices of your gorgeous big
testicles. The ring of my tight man cunt longs to feel the thickness of your
ravishing penis stretching it open, and its incredible length plumbing the
welcoming depths of its hot whore hole. Its silky walls are going to love the
feel of your hot cream bathing them when your pleasure peaks. Please Master tell
me what you desire."

The excited youth, his long, thick penis now fully erect, looked down at the
submissive and asked, "What is your name, sweetie?"  "I am slave piglet, sexual
and bondage slave to my glorious Mistress, Lotta, sir. She has trained me as a
harlot and a slut for her enjoyment, and that of those she gives me to."  The
youth looked happy, if somewhat astonished by the response he had received from
the kneeling serf, and continued, "Well I want to sample it all, little whore. I
want to see just how good at it you are." The youth rolled over onto his
stomach, and concluded, "You can start by worshipping my arsehole, then you can
suck me off, and then, after you've got me stiff again, I'm going to fuck you so
hard you won't be able to walk straight for a week!"

Slave piglet flushed prettily, his handsome, heavily made-up features breaking
into a lascivious smile as he crawled up onto the narrow bed, and wriggled his
smooth upper body into position between the lad's widely spread legs. He reached
out and tenderly parted the smooth, slender bottom cheeks, and sighed with
submissive pleasure at the sight of the cute anal ring of his lover. He thrilled
to the degrading sensation of the warm flesh of the intimate split when he
allowed the cheeks to close around his face, and his soft lips eagerly sought
out the intimate opening.

Slave piglet tongued the hot anal ring with teasing, liquid laps of his long,
wet tongue, savouring its pungent flavours with submissive delight. How
deliciously humiliating it was to be able to slip one's face into the bottom
split of a complete stranger, and to taste his arsehole like this, the aroused
salve thought. After lapping at the hot pout for a few minutes the slave went to
work on it in earnest. He drove his stiffened tongue past the tight sphincter,
and deeply into the hot, humid tunnel. The tip of his tongue eagerly sought out
the man's prostate, and began to massage it with consummate skill. Slave
piglet's thick tongue speared the pleasure soaked anal ring almost to its root,
so deeply into the dark passage had he thrust it, and his avid lips were
literally glued to the outer edges of the clasping pout.

The gay youth sighed in absolute joy at the sensations he was experiencing, his
rigid penis jerked and throbbed wildly, and he murmured passionately, "Oh shit,
piglet, christ, where did you learn this. Your tongue is so hot, and long its
like a cock fucking me! Oh jesus, I can't take much more of this, it's sooooo
gooood!" Slave piglet flushed with happiness on hearing these words of
admiration. But just as he was about to re-double his efforts, to show the
Master his joy at such receiving such praise, the lad rolled over, and the
slave's tongue was torn from its erotic task.

Slave piglet's passionate gaze was met by the man's throbbing penis arching out
from his smooth crotch, with his smooth, hairless, and swollen testicles tight
at its thick base, "Suck me off, darling harlot, suck me off now! I have to feel
that sensational tongue on my hot prick."  "Oh, thank you, sweet Master," Slave
piglet breathed while his soft tongue laved the youth's squirming testicles, "I
long to feel the hot sweet sap of these gorgeous orbs cooling in my grateful,
slave belly."

Slave piglet then delicately traced the ridge on the underside of the pulsating
penis with the tip of his tongue ending in wriggling it tantalisingly in the
loose folds of skin behind the purple penis head.  He grasped the hot thick stem
at its base and swept his tongue across the fat, drooling glans, savouring the
spicy flavour of the juice that leaked from its tiny slit. The slave grinned,
wantonly at the young Master while he lapped at the head of his penis with his
sensual tongue and giggled girlishly, "Your ravishing arsehole tastes
delightful, precious Master, but I can already tell that the juice of your
beautiful young penis is going to be absolutely delicious, and I can't wait to
feel it splashing into my yearning mouth." He the engulfed the head of the
throbbing organ in his hot, wet mouth, sliding his lips down its rock hard stem
for a couple of inches, and then lashing it with his velvet tongue. On of the
slave's hands cupped the young mans aching testicles and gently squeezed and
caressed them while the forefinger of the other was insinuated into his warm,
moist rectum, its tip quickly finding the prostate and teasing it until it
writhed with pleasure.

Slave piglet slowly forced his head down and his ovalled lips crept slowly down
the length of the penis he worshipped. He opened his throat when the pulsing
head of the penis nudged into it, and allowed his gulping throat muscles to
massage the hot flesh with intimate sensuousness. The slave dove down until his
stretched lips were wrapped tightly around the root of the penis.  He then
paused and allowed his erotically clever throat massage it even more
luxuriously. After a few seconds the kneeling slave drew his lips back up the
throbbing stalk and again allowed his ingenious tongue full reign. Slave piglet
settled into a steady rhythm, bobbing his head up and down exquisitely slowly,
alternating between throat and tongue as he worked on the excited penis.

Soon the youth was almost swooning with pleasure and squealed deliriously,
"Sweet jesus, but you know how to suck a prick, you delightful little whore.
I've never felt anyone suck my joint so exquisitely! Oh don't stop, sweet slut,
suck me!  Suck me!" The panting youth then began to pump his hips at the slave's
working mouth, and in no time shrieked, "Oh god! I'm going to cum, you darling
trollop!  You've made me cum! Here comes my load! Drink it down you gorgeous
whore! Here comes your reward!" Slave piglet quickly drew his lips up until they
were tightly closed around the tip of the youth's jerking penis. His silky
tongue pleasure whipped the throbbing meat until it jerked uncontrollably, and a
powerful spurt of rich, creamy semen jetted into his mouth splashing creamily
onto his waiting palate. The ecstatic slave relished the strong musky flavour of
the cream before swallowing it avidly in preparation for the next ejaculation.
The lad spurted six more powerful steams of his sex juice into slave piglet's
adoring mouth before the intensity of his climax began to wane.

Slave piglet wallowed in joy while he fed on the gushing penis. He was in slave
heaven. Not withstanding his strongly heterosexual inclinations he had grown to
love the experience of a penis surrendering its juices to his slavish mouth. It
was deliciously degrading to him to have other men's penises cramming his mouth,
and he now eagerly anticipated the musky flow he was so erotically talented at
extracting from them. He adored the sensation of his own penis writhing in
frustration in its cramped captivity while the hot juice of another flooded his
yearning gullet.

Once the youth's penis had begun to soften, and slave piglet had swallowed all
of it offering he again dove down on it and used his lips to milk every
succulent drop from it, his hand firmly squeezing the soft testicles to ensure
that his talented maw drained them completely. Finally he raised his mouth from
the sated organ and looked with pride at the exhausted lad's red face and
heaving torso, tenderly caressing the stem of his limp penis will waiting for
him to regain his breath.

"Jesus! I've never cum so hard in my entire life!" The spent youth finally
gasped. "I'm beat, pretty little piglet! You've completely drained me. It'll be
a week before I'll be able to get it up again."  Slave piglet chuckled with
pride and said, "Oh no, precious Master. I'll soon get you hard again. You'll
see. I'll bet I can have you lovely standing gorgeously erect within ten
minutes. Then you can fuck my man twat for you pleasure, or if you like, have me
use my man cunt to fuck you. Some Masters I have served think I fuck better with
my whore twat than I suck with harlot mouth. Can I try, Master, I promise you,
you won't be disappointed. Please let me?"

The driver peered down at the grinning slave with a sceptical look on his face
and replied, "You can have a go, slut, but I still can't believe you'll be able
to do it." Slave piglet tittered gleefully having no doubt at all that the limp
penis resting between the youth's slender thighs would soon be stiff and
throbbing with lust. He wormed an arm under each of the male's legs and bent
them back along his body causing the lad's bottom cheeks to rise a few inches
off the mattress, and to split widely baring his anal pout. The slave the lapped
at the now slack testicles for a few seconds, rolling the tender orbs around
with his hot tongue. The sensations were pleasant for the driver, but had no
real effect on his limp penis.

Slave piglet then allowed his lips to drift down onto the youth's anal ring and
his tongue traced its edges with delicate sensuality. The wet orifice soon began
to pulse with pleasure and the slave speared it with his tongue. Because of the
driver's new position slave piglet was able to thrust his long, wet tongue much
more deeply into his rectum. This, of course, allowed the clever slave to
massage the youth's prostate much more vigorously with much more of his flexible
tongue. To compliment the tantalising work of his deeply buried tongue slave
piglet allowed the finger tips of each of his hands to flutter up and down the
length of the man's penis in a most seductive fashion.

After about three minutes of the slave's lascivious attentions the penis began
to twitch and swell. After five minutes the long manly organ was as stiff as
steel, and its delighted owner was filled with pleasure. Slave piglet then
withdrew his long tongue from the Master's pleasure soaked rectum and began to
wetly lap up and down the tense pole of his renewed lust, using his own saliva
to lubricate the long, thick penis in readiness for its journey into the hot
depths of his own arsehole. the driver gazed down at the happy slave in
disbelief and gasped, "I don't believe it. I just don't believe it. You are
amazing, you precious little slut. With your wanton genius you could make a
fortune. I know guys who would mortgage their house to spend a night in your
company. You're terrific!"

Slave piglet reluctantly ceased his languid tonguing of the youth's pleasure
filled penis and beamed up at him with self-satisfied delight, licking his lips
with lascivious pride, and grinning cheekily he said, "I told you so, darling
Master, a skilled harlot can always get a man stiff, especially when that whore
can't wait to experience the joy of having his penis driven up his man cunt.
Please, Master, do you want me to fuck you, or would you rather fuck me?" The
youth laughed at the slave's lewd entreaty, "You really are a passionate little
slut, are'nt you!" He remarked, "I'll tell you what, you can start us off, and
then I'll take over. Would you like that or sweet harlot?"  "Oh yes, Master!"
Slave piglet squealed joyfully, "As much as I love to work my man cunt for a
Master's pleasure, I just adore it when he takes over and reams out my hot,
whore twat with his virile, manly penis and treats me like the lecherous little
slut that I am!" The excited driver then suggested, "Let's get it on the sweet
whore!"

Slave piglet allowed the youth's legs to unfold and moved his own erotically
clad body to worm its way up to the lad's groin. He then squatted over the
youngster's crotch, his own thighs widely spread, and full, muscular bottom
cheeks widely split, and his pulsing anal ring tingling with eager anticipation.
Slave piglet's new position gave the young cab driver his first really close up
look at the slave's smooth hairless crotch. He stared in fascinated astonishment
at the latex rubber pouch, with its tiny padlock, that so cruelly captured,
subdued the slave's penis and testicles, and he just had to ask, "What that
thing on you cock?"  Slave piglet blushed furiously and answered, "That is my
chastity pouch, Master. My Mistress keeps my worm confined at all times. It is
only free when she desires to see it, and it is never allowed to spit unless she
permits it to." Still curious, the driver continued, "But don't you get blue
balls all the time. or do you pull it off whenever you get the chance?"

"Oh no, Master!" Slave piglet cried. "I am a slave. My Mistress controls me
absolutely, especially in sexual matters. She has trained me to obey. She has
trained my worm to react only to her needs. I would never do anything to
displease her." "But what a life," The young man continued, "Not being allowed
to get a hard on, not being allowed to shoot your wad. It must be just fucking
awful." Slave piglet smiled down at the man, and replied, "it's not so bad,
Master, Mistress often allows me to enter her presence with my worm free. She
loves to see it standing so stiff and attentive for her pleasure. And she
frequently permits my scum bags to spit out their offal because it pleases her
so much." The driver, still curious, asked, "But what about when she fucks you?"
A look of disbelief came over slave piglet's face, and he quickly responded,
"Mistress would never belittle herself by allowing a mere slave's worm to touch
her. A slave's worm can only touch another slave, in her view, and then only to
provide entertainment for his Mistress. Whenever Mistress permits my worm to
spew its refuse, it is always for her visual pleasure, and not my satisfaction."

The taxi driver reached out with a hand and felt at the rubber pouch, marvelling
at the sight of the slave's trapped stem squirming like an eel in its cramped
confines, clear proof of the slave's own sexual excitement. Slave piglet was
only too happy to allow the youth to explore his captive sexuality while he
prepared to receive his stiff young penis into his welcoming rectum. He reached
down and bent the hot hard pole up until its spongy head nudged at his waiting
anal pout. Then, with a sigh of utter happiness, slave piglet allowed his cocked
hips to drop a couple of inches. He sensuously massaged the spongy head of the
penis with his anal ring while working the knob past his tight sphincter.

Slave piglet squealed with delight when the large, fleshy head of the penis
finally popped past his stretched ring, and he then allowed his bottom to drop
further and thrilled to the exquisite sensation of the long penis sinking ever
more deeply into his adoring rear passage. When the lust pole was completely
engulfed and slave piglet's smooth bottom cheeks rested on the youngster's tense
muscled thighs both men panted with passionate excitement. Slave piglet began to
slowly roll his bottom in tiny circles. At the same time he concentrated
fiercely and began to ripple the elastic walls of his rectum on the buried penis
caught in its velvet vice.

The young Master's senses exploded with pleasure while his throbbing penis was
so exquisitely massaged in the slave's talented arsehole. He had been fucked by
many men, but never had he been subjected to such immaculately sensual
sensations. He gasped out his passion, "Jesus christ, piglet, how do you do
that, it feels so good. My prick feels like its in heaven. I can't take much
more of this!"

He rolled the slave over on to his back, dragged his stocking clad legs up to
his chest, and began to pump his burgeoning penis in and out of the tight, hot,
clenching arsehole like a man possessed. Slave piglet squealed with pleasure and
cried out in ecstasy, "Oh, darling Master, your fabulous penis is fucking my man
cunt so beautifully, filling the whore twat so superbly that I think I will die
from pleasure! Oh fuck me harder, adored Master! Fuck deeper and faster!" He
pulled the driver's head down in both hands and mashed their lips together in a
searing, tongue duelling kiss, while their wildly plunging hips slapped together
in increasing frenzy.

Slave piglet broke their wild kiss and gasped in ecstasy, "Oh darling, darling
Master, I adore your gorgeous penis! My whore twat is in paradise! Fill my
harlot hole with your fabulous penis! Flood its writhing sleave with marvellous
cream. Cum, sweet Master! Bath my churning twat in your pleasure!" The panting
gasping youth was almost beyond hearing slave piglet's lascivious pleas. All of
his being was concentrated on his jerking, pulsating penis flashing in and out
of the clasping sleave of the slave's hot writhing arsehole. He squealed in
absolute ecstasy while his climax raged like wild tempest. His throbbing penis
erupted like a volcano, and a deluge of boiling creamy semen gushed from its
ecstatic tip and swamped the spasming rectum in a seemingly never ending
torrent.

Both slave and Master squealed their pleasure, "Oh Master! Oh Master! You fuck
so beautifully! Your fabulous penis has killed me with pleasure! Oh I love it
so!" "Sweet harlot! precious whore! gorgeous slut! You have drained me! Your
fantastic arsehole has finished me!" The youth gasped, and collapsed
breathlessly on top of the slave, totally spent. Slave piglet, always conscious
of his duty, slowly rolled the youth over and allowed his clasping anus to
surrender the softened penis. He bent his face to the sated genitals and
completely engulfed the limp tube of the penis in his eager mouth. The slave
thrilled to the pungent, spicy flavours of sex while he suckled the hot soft
meat, cleansing it of all evidence of their lust. He allowed the penis to flop
from his mouth and concentrated on lapping the moist slack testicles at its base
until they too shone, but only with his saliva.

Satisfied that the youths genitals were appropriately cleansed, the slave wormed
his body up until he was lying next to the exhausted man. He snuggled his face
up against the man's neck and contentedly nuzzled his ear with his soft tongue.
The sated youth sighed with contentment, and used his right arm to hug the
slave's warm body to his. Slave piglet reached down with one hand and tenderly
cupped the Master's penis and testicles, gently squeezing the soft flesh while
his tongue tip teased the man's ear and he whispered erotically, "I adore your
splendid penis, Master. Your delicious testicle cream is the best I have ever
tasted. Your lovely testicles produced so much of the succulent ambrosia for me
to feast my yearning belly on, that I though I was in heaven. My heart sang with
delight when I worshipped you stunningly beautiful anus, darling Master, the way
it embraced my lascivious tongue was so gorgeous I was sure I would swoon with
pleasure. You know what, darling Master, I wish I could sleep with you ravishing
penis resting in my mouth, so that I could suckle it for your pleasure whenever
you awoke."

And so it went on, slave piglet whispering dirty thoughts into the ear of his
Master/lover, while the man slowly recovered. The slave gave his sated genitals
another tender squeeze and whispered teasingly, "I'll bet I can get it hard
again, Master." The driver replied with resignation, "I'm not making that
mistake again, sweet slut, I have to get back to work. I'm probably already in
trouble." He staggered from the cot and reached for his clothes. Slave piglet
rose also saying, "Let me help you, Master." While the slave assisted with the
dressing of the sated man he asked, blushing prettily, "Would you tell me your
name, and the cab company you work for, Master. Mistress often has me run
errands for her, and I can ask specifically for you. I would love to taste your
lovely penis again."

The driver was only too pleased to give slave piglet the appropriate information
and, while he was walking back to his cab, his thoughts were filled with dreams
of another session of unbridled lust with the erotic submissive. After the young
man had left slave piglet padded quietly into Mistress Lotta's dim bedroom. He
saw that she had left him a note before retiring, and he read it:

"Slave, I heard some of your little session of lust. I am pleased with your
efforts. You are to wake me at six tonight, for I have to go to the club to
formalise some plans I made before I left for a little exhibition I have in
store for you, as a sort of celebration of the anniversary of your submission to
me, which you no doubt realise takes place tomorrow. You may wake me in the
normal fashion, but with your worm free. When I am awake you are to adopt your
worm free posture so that I can inspect you."

Slave piglet picked up the key to his chastity, and rushed back to his cubicle,
his mind buzzing with erotic anticipation. He set his alarm to 5 PM and tried to
sleep. He did doze off after what seemed to him an eternity, and was rudely
woken by the insistent buzzing of his alarm. He quickly showered and shaved his
body meticulously, enjoying the sensation of his long limp penis hanging free
between his hairless thighs. He carefully made up his face and donned a fresh
slave costume. As a final addition to his submissively erotic appearance, slave
piglet clipped his 'captive penis' earings to his earlobes, and hung his 'Joyful
Slut' pendant around his neck. The slave glanced at his clock as he gave his
appearance a final check, and saw that it was five to six. He walked to his
Mistress' boudoir. He stood for a moment to gaze lovingly at his sleeping
Mistress, looking so desirable with her blonde hair spread over her pillow
framing her striking face. Slave piglet could just make out the shape of his
Mistress' voluptuous body beneath the sensual silk sheet, and his penis rose
steadily until it arched up his firm belly and was as stiff as steel. His
testicles, swollen and full from so much sustained sexual arousal, and no
relief, ached deliciously at the base of the throbbing stem.

As soon as the clock on his Mistress' night stand clicked over to 6 PM slave
piglet carefully lifted the silken sheet and wormed his body onto the end of the
bed. He was able to see, immediately, that his Mistress had slept nude. Her
position as she lay sleeping had on her side had her top leg drawn up towards
her chest. Thus the slave was denied a sight of her sex, but her voluptuous
bottom cheeks were quite widely spread. Slave piglet wormed his way up the huge
bed until his face was mere inches from those shapely mounds. He drew in a long
breath, and, with his own rigid penis pulsing with lust, slipped his face into
the warm fleshy split and pressed his painted lips to the prominent anal ring
nestling there. The slave dutifully plied the intimate pout with the tip of his
avid tongue, teasing it sensuously until Mistress Lotta began to stir, and sigh
with awakening pleasure:

"I am awake, slave, you may take up your position."

Slave piglet slithered back down the bed and out onto the floor. He crawled over
to his slave mat, knelt upright on it with his head bowed, reached back with
both hands and firmly grasped one of his ankles with each. The excited slave
then thrust his hips forward as far as his awkward posture would allow, and
began to sensuously revolve his lower body. What a lewd and lascivious sight he
presented with his enormous, stiff penis swaying erotically with his depraved
gyrations. The slave blushed with delicious shame, and waited for his mistress
to inspect his wanton nudity.

Mistress Lotta rose from her bed, stretched her gloriously nude body
luxuriously, and donned a silk peignoir, belting it at her waist. She walked
around the bed and over to her eagerly awaiting chattel, on the way picking up a
long pointer of the type used by university lecturers. When she arrived she
smiled down at her wantonly performing serf for a few seconds, and then used the
pointer to prod his heavy, tightly packed testicles:

"These appear to be full, little slut." She said, with a chuckle. "I'll bet you
just can't wait for me to let them empty their lurid dregs out of this piece of
hose." She continued, tracing the length of slave piglet's stiff, throbbing
penis with the pointer. "You don't know how lucky you are to be owned by such a
benevolent Mistress as I. I met a domatrix while I was in Germany. Her name is
Mistress Helga. She is also the richest woman in Europe. Mistress Helga owns a
whole stable of permanent slaves, sixteen, in fact, eight 'males' and eight
'females'. Six, three of each, are her personal body slaves, and the other ten
exist solely to serve her friends and acquaintances whenever she entertains."
Mistress Lotta related, still running the tip of her pointer over slave piglet's
obscenely swaying, and acutely aroused genitals:

"When I say 'male' and 'female', I say so advisedly, for Mistress Helga believes
that animals capable of experiencing sexual climaxes are not capable of existing
in a state of true slavery. As she said to me, 'hogs and sows who remain
sexually viable will always harbour desires for their own gratification, no
matter how well trained one might think they are. A true slave should have this
capability removed permanently, so its entire existence, and sole purpose, to
serve its superiors with single minded devotion, can be achieved without selfish
distraction.' To achieve this state in her slaves Mistress Helga has had the
clitorises, and nipples of the females surgically removed, and their cunts
permanently sewn up, with only a small orifice left through which they can piss.
The males have had their scumbags, and nipples removed. But like me, Mistress
Helga finds a stiff worm visually pleasing on her male slaves, so she has had
each deliberately infected with a rare disease, named after a Greek God, I
believe. Any how it has made their worms grow to an unbelievable size, at least
twice as big as yours, and causes them to remain erect at all times, even when
the slaves are asleep. And, of course, the 'males' have all grown tits, which
Mistress Helga has had enhanced through heavy hormonal treatment." As Mistress
Lotta spoke about the castration of the German Domatrix's slaves she emphasised
the issue by hefting slave piglet's swollen orbs with the end of her pointer.
She continued to relate her story:

"Mistress Helga's slaves are all the same age, and were all acquired at the same
time, when they were quite young, ten years of age, I think she said. The have
lived their entire adult lives naked and neutered. Each slave has been highly
trained in its purpose, and is immaculately disciplined. Mistress Helga's body
slaves all have particular duties, and exist for no other purpose. Two of the
males and two of the females are foot and tit slaves respectively, and are known
as simply hog right, hog left, sow right and sow left. The foot slaves spend
their entire lives doing nothing but attending to Mistress Helga's feet. They
wash then, dress them when required, but most of all, worship them with every
fibre of their being. The tit slaves perform similar duties for their Mistress'
wonderful breasts. As she says, 'Dedicating a slave to a single purpose
concentrates its mind and, I can tell you, there is no better foot stool, than a
huge pair of soft tits, without hard nipples to mar their comfortable
softness.'" Mistress Lotta related, prodding slave piglet's hard little nipples
with the pointer for emphasis, then continued:

The remaining two slaves perform more intimate services. The male is her
arsehole slave, referred to as simply, arsehole hog. It attends to her arsehole
when ever she needs ablutions performed and, obviously, whenever she needs to
shit. She never has paper in her toilet, so you can imagine how her anus it
wiped. The slave also, of course worships that intimate part of her anatomy with
all of its heart and soul. The last female, known simply as cunt sow, exists to
perform similar services for Mistress Helga's pussy, with the added
responsibility of pleasuring it for her whenever she feels horny, and has no one
better about to play with. These body slaves are so highly trained in their
respective arts that Mistress Helga is able to achieve orgasms under the
ministrations of any of them although, she admits that the intensity of her
pleasure varies considerable from the weakest peaks of passion, from the
attentions of the foot slaves, to the highest crests of ecstasy from the
arsehole and cunt slaves." Mistress Lotta moved around behind her slave and
tapped at his revolving bottom cheeks before moving on with her tale:

"Mistress Helga's other ten slaves are used exclusively as pleasure slaves for
her many colleagues and visitors. Their training as cock, cunt, arsehole, and
tit suckers is legendary throughout the culture in Europe. It is amazing,
according to Mistress Helga, how completely efficient, not to mention
proficient, a slave can become when physically it has no distractions. I can see
her point but, luckily for you little piglet, I am a firm believer in the fact
that a slave can be most exquisitely humiliated when he is forced to display his
sexuality in the most depraved fashion, as you well know. Besides, it is so
effective to have a sexually capable slave that you control completely, I'm sure
you agree. Now, I have to get a move on, little slut. But, as I've heard, you've
been so good while I was away, I have a little reward for you. So, head back,
and mouth open, quickly now!" The smiling Mistress concluded.

Slave piglet flushed with pleasure and quickly bent his head back so that his
painted face pointed straight up, being sure to continue to erotically undulate
his hips for his Mistress' pleasure. Mistress Lotta swept her peignoir aside and
straddled her slave's face. She lowered her hips until her slightly spread pussy
lips were poised an inch above the slave's gaping mouth. "Don't you dare spill a
single drop, piglet, or I'll be most displeased!" She said, sternly, and then
added in a cruelly mocking voice, "And I might have to send you over to Mistress
Helga's for some bodily modification, and advanced training, and you might not
like that too much."

Slave piglet was not sure whether his Mistress was joking, or not, but he was
not about to test those particular waters, and, almost subconsciously, opened
his gaping mouth even wider as he stared blissfully at the thick swollen lips
nestling so alluringly in the forrest of silky blonde hair an inch above his
adoring eyes. He extended his long tongue tentatively, and gently prodded the
warm lips apart so that Mistress Lotta's golden stream could flow, without
obstacle, into his waiting mouth. The Mistress tensed her body in preparation,
and then, with a contented sigh, allowed her golden champagne to begin to
trickle from her split sex. Slave piglet's taste buds were soon alive to the
salty flavour of the sparkling fluid slowly filling his mouth. He had no time to
fully savour the salty tang, however, for all too soon his Mistress' elixir was
literally pouring out of her splayed sex, and he gulped it all down for all he
was worth, struggling valiantly to prevent even the forbidden drop from escaping
his worshipping maw.

All too soon, from slave piglet's point of view, the heady flow began to ebb
until it was a mere trickle once again. And soon even this stopped. The slave,
conscious of his demeaning duties to the end, used the soft tip of his tongue to
remove the last tiny drops that clung to Mistress Lotta's pubic hair and plump
sex lips. While he worked he mentally fought his urge to give in to the almost
overwhelming desire to sink his tongue into the mouth watering pussy that he
adored so much.

Mistress Lotta, as soon as she was sure that slave piglet had completed his
humiliating task, removed her sex from its position, and allowed her silken
peignoir to drop back into place. She ordered her slave to attend to her as she
walked into her dressing room. The slave spent the next hour assisting his
Mistress with her bathing, make-up, and then clothed her voluptuous body in a
sexy costume. While he worked she spoke to him about the plans she had for the
evening:

"Little piglet, I'm going to spend the night at Master Frederick's house, and am
going there straight after I leave the club. I will fax you your instructions
for tomorrow. Study them well, and don't give me any cause to be ashamed of you.
You can come to the club in a cab, and be sure that you are on time. Your
instructions will inform you of the time you are expected, along with everything
else you need to do. Tonight you can clean up in here, and wash the clothes from
my trip."

As soon as she was satisfied with her appearance Mistress Lotta collected her
handbag, and to her slave's delight, the box that his cum icon was always packed
in when it was transported, and left for the club. Slave piglet, after locking
his chastity back onto his loins, busied himself with the tasks he had been
given, getting a special thrill out of being able to breath in the stimulating
aromas of the crotches of his Mistress's soiled panties. While he worked he
tried to fantasise about the activities that would be required of him the next
day. One thing for certain was that they would involve him in a surfeit of
depraved lust, not to mention extreme humiliation. His wanton little mind also
thrilled to the prospect of perhaps being able to ride in a certain special
taxi.

At about ten PM that evening slave piglet heard the fax machine being activated,
and rushed into the small office excitedly. He watched a the machine spat out a
couple of pages of closely typed script. As soon as the machine stopped he tore
the paper from it and rushed back into the living room to read of his fate. His
excitement grew and grew as he read the document, his penis churning away in its
captivity. He was to dress as a woman for the trip to the club, as a street
harlot of the most lurid type, with his rubberised chastity on.

Slave piglet's anniversary exhibition was to be performed in three separate
acts, all of which would be narrated by the club owner. The first act would
caste him as a female harlot servicing male customers. The two 'johns' he would
service would be chosen from the male slaves in attendance at the club, and he
would be required to erotically satisfy them both, using all possible methods.
In the second act he would remain in the guise of a female whore, only this time
he would be required to service two of the female slaves present at the club.
The final act would involve his solo masturbation, and he would utter his usual
degrading supplication to his cum icon at the climax of the event. During this
exhibition his Mistress desired that he break the club's existing records for
both the time span, and number of single orgasmic ejaculations for a male slut.
The first of these records was an incredible ninety three seconds, and the
second record an equally unbelievable total of fifteen separate gushes during
one climax.

By the time that the slave had finished reading the bizarre document, his whole
body was literally shaking with lust, and his luridly displayed testicles ached
with indescribable longing, while his crunched up penis tube writhed,
snake-like, within the humid, cramped confines of his stiff leather chastity
cone. He put the fax down and breathed deeply for a few minutes to gain some
control over his wildly aroused emotions. Scenes of unbridles lust, with himself
at their centre, filled his mind. The excited slave retired early that night,
but certainly found it almost impossible to sleep, such was the level of his
electrified anticipation. It must have been well past midnight before he dozed
off.

Slave piglet woke early next morning, and went about his business in a state of
hyper excitement. He ate a full cooked breakfast then cleaned the kitchen. He
then took care of the clothes he had laundered for his Mistress the day before,
carefully pressing each garment before storing it in her closet. He then lay out
his costume for the evening, including some new jewellery his Mistress had
acquired for him while away over seas. The ornate, but totally obscene and
humiliating pieces made him blush with humiliation. The impatient slave spent
most of the afternoon reading B & D magazines from Mistress Lotta's extensive
collection, to while away the time. He was filled with elation when it came time
for him to prepare for his night of lust and debauchery.

It took slave piglet all of his considerable self control to will his big penis
to remain limp while he showered, and carefully shaved every single hair from
his body. By the time he was finished his skin seemed to glow softly. He quickly
dried his long blonde locks with an electric hair drier and brushed the hair
until it shone and fluffed up so beautifully that it would have been envied by
even top female models. Next the slave attended to his genitals. He used one
hand to gather up his testicles and the root of his long, thick penis into a
fleshy bundle, and fed them into the base of his rubbery, transparent pouch,
then closed a plastic ring shut behind his testicles.  He then carefully worked
his plumb like glans through another hard plastic ring at the other end of the
open pouch, until it was fitted snugly around the base of the bulging penis
head. Then the slave, using the fingers of one hand, began to push and prod his
long, limp penile stem into the pliable bag, while, at the same time, using his
other hand to carefully close the translucent, barely visible zipper that ran
between the two rings at the apexes of the pouch, and closed up the smallish
sack. Once this zipper was entirely closed slave piglet locked its tab and the
ring behind hid testicles together using a tiny silver padlock.

Once all this was done slave piglet took care to manipulate the pouch so that it
would appear to a viewer to be completely seamless, as if it had been moulded
onto his sex flesh. The slave stood up to inspect his work. He never ceased to
be amazed at the humiliating, but highly erotic visual effect of this bizarre
chastity. It packed his substantial mass of sex meat into a ball the size of
which was no larger than a grapefruit, the twisted up stem of his long penis,
together with his crammed together testicles, clearly visible through the
transparent latex rubber. When the slave was aroused while wearing this
chastity, as he invariably was when seen in public with it on, people seeing him
were granted a graphic view of the stem of his trapped penis writhing, eel like,
in its vain attempt to stiffen. The other effect was, of course, to ensure that
the pressure generated by the containment of the flesh in the bag meant it stood
straight out from the slave's shorn groin presenting an extremely lewd, and, of
course, utterly humiliating display of his captive sex.

Slave piglet next fastened a special garter belt low on his hips, tugging at it
until all its garters hung down in the right places, four for each stocking, and
a fifth, attached to the centre of the back of the belt and tipped with an
elastic band rather than a snap catch, draping down over the crack between his
buttocks. His next act was to sit on his cot and reach out for the stockings he
was to wear. They were pastel pink, fine fishnet hose with prominent silken
seams and sexy lacy tops. Slave piglet shivered with sensual delight as he
smoothed these erotic garments up his long smoothly shaven legs. After ensuring
that the seams were scrupulously straight, he attached the garters to the
stocking tops. The slave then reached back between his legs and grasped the
remaining garter strap. He bent his trapped genitals down this thighs and
stretched the elastic band over the ripe spongy head of his penis. When in place
this caused his normally jutting sex to be drawn down between his legs and thus
not spoil the feminine effect when he wore a skirt by obviously showing that he
was, in fact, a male.

With growing passion the slave quickly strapped bright pink, stiletto heeled
pumps to his feet, and then prepared to attach a pair of imitation breasts,
which his Mistress, always looking for new ways to tease and torment her slave,
had also acquired on her trip, to his slender torso. He opened the box that
contained the false breasts and marvelled at their perfection. Although not
overly large, about the size of half footballs, they were beautifully shaped in
that sensual way that would make them appear heavier than they actually were.
The skin tone of the shapely orbs was not only perfect, but had been treated to
match, exactly, the natural tones of slave piglet's own skin. The mounds were
not filled with the normal silicon, which tends to firm and give the impression
of hardness, but rather with a jelly like substance which much more closely
simulated the real thing. Each delightful orb was capped with a flawlessly
formed, and perpetually erect nipple of reddish brown hue.

A bottle of special glue was supplied with the artificial breasts. It possessed
the strength of araldite, while being soluble in pure alcohol, and was developed
specifically for bonding materials to human skin. The whole ensemble was
manufactured in Germany, where dressing in drag has always been a sort of art
form. Slave piglet began by using an eyebrow pencil to make two marks on his
chest where he would fix the tops of each of the breasts to his skin. It would
not do, he thought to himself, to have one of his new tits higher or lower than
the other. He then carefully lifted one of the mounds out of its box, marvelling
at how the facsimile even felt exactly like the real thing, even down to the
crinkled, rubbery nipple. With equal care he applied a coating of glue around
its edge.

When he was satisfied the slave lifted the wobbly orb in both hands, so as to
support its natural sag, and carefully lined it up with a mark he had made over
his left nipple, then gently pressed it to his skin and held it completely still
for twenty or so seconds. The skin of his chest tingled as the special glue went
to work welding the two surfaces together. Slave piglet held the smooth skinned
orb for twice the recommended time suggested by the manufacturer just to make
sure that it melded successfully. Then he allowed the shapely breast to drop
free. The beautiful orb settled on his chest to form a perfect pear shaped
breast, with a bulging underbelly that reeked of erotic sensuality. The slave,
with the same amount of caution, attached the other imitation breast to the left
side of his torso.

Once both breasts had been successfully glued to his chest slave piglet picked
up a tube of body make-up and applied it to the joins. When he had finished even
the closest scrutiny could not discern that the breasts were not real, and a
natural part of the body from which the hung so sexily. Slave piglet stood up
and, at first, tentatively, and then with increasing vigour, shook them around
to test the strength of the meld. He stated at his reflection in the mirror
while thus engaged, and thrilled with submissive delight at the sheer eroticism
of the feminine look he now displayed. It was with almost disappointment at
covering the sexy looking orbs, albeit barely, that slave piglet slipped the
piece of silk cloth that passed for a dress over his head and smoothed it down
his body.

The 'dress', if the skimpy garment really deserved that title, had been designed
by a famous French fashion designer specifically for street prostitute he had
fallen in love with, and was designed expressly to facilitate the woman's
'trade'. The hem of the dress came down to the slave's mid thigh, just below his
lacy stocking tops, and was split to his hips on either side. Its top was loose
and extremely low cut at the neck so that its wearer's breasts were almost fully
on the display whenever she moved.

As mentioned above the design of the dress was conceived with the special
requirements of a street walker in mind. If her 'john' had paid to see her
breasts then all she had to do was shrug her shoulders a couple of times, and
she was naked to the waist, and, obviously, covering her upper body again was an
easy and quick task. The skirt was able to be move around the waist through
ninety degrees, so that the side splits were able to positioned over groin or
bottom, obviously allowing easy access to the whore's pussy or arsehole,
depending on which he had paid for and, if he had paid to see either, then the
skirt could equally quickly tucked into the waistband of the garment, which was
equipped with a non-functional belt to be used for this purpose.

Slave piglet paraded up and down before the full length wall mirror and admired
the sexy, albeit lascivious creature it reflected back at him, and a tiny,
delicious shiver of wanton passion washed over him. After a few minutes of
carnal enjoyment slave piglet sat down at his vanity table and began to apply
his make-up. He started off by flipping up his skirt so that he could paint the
head of his captive penis with a rich coating of moisture resistant, shocking
pink lip gloss. After he had dried it sufficiently to ensure that the gloss
would not stain the material of his skirt he turned his attention to his face.

With skilled care he painted his full lips with the same gloss,then blushed his
cheeks with rose hued powder, highlighting his high cheek bones. Next slave
piglet turned his attention to his eyes. He applied black line to his eyebrows
and then applied a thick coating of silver mascara to his eye lids. When he was
satisfied he allowed himself to enjoy a couple of minutes marvelling how the
application of highly accentuated make-up changed what is normally a quite good
looking male, into an almost beautiful woman. When he again stood to inspect the
overall effect he was stunned to realise that no one would recognise his as a
male, no matter how closely they were to study him. He had transformed himself
into a perfect, beautiful woman, although, to anyone seeing him, a lascivious
little slut.

He resumed his seat to put the final touches on his appearance, his new
jewellery. He flushed with shame when he placed the new pendant around his neck
and closed its clasp behind his neck. The two inch, circular ornament of the
heavy silver depicted a woman, nude and on her knees before a equally naked
male. The male's penis stem disappeared into the kneeling nude's open mouth.
Around the edge of the circular pendant, in the fashion of a coin, was a circle
of script which, when read, would add markedly to slave piglet's embarrassment
and shame. The finely crafted script read as follows: 'Presented to the slave
slut in recognition of excellence in the art of cock sucking". The slave's face
was still flushing hotly when he reached for a pair of bizarrely crafted silver
earings.

The expertly crafted ear rings depicted tiny figures obviously engaged in the
age old activity known as 'soixante neuf' or '69'. On closer inspection one
could see that one earing portrayed two nude males, and the other, nude females.
Whenever slave piglet moved his head the tiny naked figures actually moved their
heads between their partner's thighs. The slave's final pieces were two rings,
one for the forefinger of each hand. The one the slave fitted onto the finger of
his left hand was decorated with a splayed female sex, and the other, of course,
was in the shape of an erect penis.

Thus slave piglet's preparations were complete. There was still over two hours
to go before he had to be at the club. The slave had planned it this way, to
accommodate his desire to play with the taxi driver whom he had already teed up
to take him to the club, and was due to pick him up in about a half an hour.
Since the journey to the B & D establishment would only take a half an hour,
that was going to allow the slave at least an hour to play with the gay driver.
Slave piglet wondered if he, himself, was slowly turning gay, but quickly
realised that, instead, his Mistress had brought his latent bi-sexuality to the
surface, and had introduced him to the joys of sex with either gender.

Slave piglet placed spare make-up into a shoulder bag of the type favoured by
ladies of the night. He wandered around the apartment, still getting use to the
false breasts flopping sensually around on his chest, and generally revelling in
the sheer eroticism of his entire appearance. He had no doubt that he would
easily be able to achieve the first test he had been allotted by his Mistress
when he arrived at the club, that was, not to be recognised by either patrons or
slaves. Indeed he could hardly recognise himself, such was the flawlessness of
his seductive disguise, let alone anyone else seeing through it. If fact slave
piglet would have wagered that, had his Mistress not already known about all
aspects of his deception, she too would never have recognised him. He glanced at
the clock, and quickly ran to the apartment door, let himself out, and locked
the heavy door after him.

The stunning looking, albeit immodestly attired, slave rushed to the lift and
rode it down to the ground floor of the apartment building. People stared at the
slave as walked from the building, men obviously attracted to him, and women,
equally obviously, staring at his erotic facade with a mixture of disdain, and
barely concealed envy. Slave piglet saw that the taxi had already arrived and
was parked at the curb in front of the building. He rushed over to the cab and
opened the front door, bending low, purposely, to give the driver a good look at
the lovely breasts swaying out from his torso. "Piss off, bitch!" The driver
snapped. "This cab is reserved!"

Slave piglet leered lasciviously, pouting his lips at the driver in a parody of
invitation, just like a real whore would do if in the same situation. "Are you
deaf, you whore cunt! I told you that I'm reserved!" Slave piglet giggled
gleefully, so proud of the perfection of his preparations, "Don't you recognise
me darling?" he lisped huskily. "No. I don't! Now fuck off!" The angry driver
barked, clearly losing patience with the whore. "But I know you well, darling. I
seem to remember that you have the sweetest tasting arsehole in the whole world,
and you should remember that I have the hottest, tightest one you have ever had
the pleasure of fucking."

The driver looked non-plused and peered closely at slave piglet thinking, surely
not, it can't be the same person, it just can't be. He stuttered, "You aren't,
you can't be...". The beaming slave reached down and flipped his short skirt up
to reveal his captive male sexuality. "I don't believe it. " The driver gasped.
Get in, quick!" Slave piglet swiftly clambered into the front seat, next to the
driver, still smiling lasciviously, and reached into his lap to squeeze his
penis, "Aren't I sexy, darling Master," He breathed, leaning over and licking
softly at the youth's ear while shrugging a shoulder to reveal one of his
perfectly shaped breasts, "Don't you just love the pretty tits my Mistress has
bought for me?"

Before the still befuddled driver could answer slave piglet continued, "Let's go
Master, I have less than an hour and a half Before I have to meet my Mistress.
The quicker we get there, the more time we'll have to play before I have to go."
The driver pulled away from the curb, and they were on their way. Once they were
comfortably out in the traffic flow slave piglet slid across the cab's bench
seat and snuggled up to the young driver. He cradled his head into the man's
shoulder and lapped erotically at his ear while dropping one hand into his lap
and unzipping his fly.

The slave slipped his hand into the pants, wormed it under the youth's jocks,
and cradled his warm smooth testicles. While he squeezed and caressed the tender
orbs he whispered, teasingly, lascivious things into the driver's ear like,
"Lovely full balls, darling Master. I just can't wait to drain them of their
sweet sap." After a while the slave shifted the attentions of his tantalising
fingers to the growing stem of the youth's long, thick penis, and continued to
tease his lover/Master, "Mmmmmm, what a gorgeous penis, and to think, it'll soon
be in my hot, wet mouth, and its succulent head will be buried down my throat
feeding my yearning belly with its luscious cream."

All through the trip slave piglet teased and tantalised the poor driver, causing
him no end of problems in concentrating on his driving. By the time the car had
almost reached the slave's destination the lad's penis was throbbing with
excitement, and his mind was filled with passion. Slave piglet, after informing
the man that his destination had been reached by pointing out the non-descript
exterior of the B & D club, urged him to find a nice secluded place to park,
giving the head of his erect penis a long gentle squeeze as if to emphasise the
urgency of the situation.

Needless to say, the young driver could not have been more anxious to comply,
and had soon stopped the big car behind a stand of thickly planted trees that
completely hid them from the road. With totally indecent haste slave piglet had
his Master's penis out of his trousers and was gazing at its exquisite shape
with rapture, whispering wantonly, "Oh, darling Master, you have such a sweet,
big, adorable penis. Oh how I have longed to taste it again."  He then dove down
on it with his eager mouth. Inch after inch of the long, thick, wildly throbbing
organ disappeared into the avid mouth until its swollen, drooling head had
invaded the back of the slave's gulping throat, and his painted lips were
ovalled around its pulsing root. The slave immediately began to bob his head up
and down sucking at the hot bar of male sexuality with single minded passion,
thrilling to its abandoned pulsations, and to the intoxicating, sexual flavours
it flooded his senses with. There was no science to slave piglet's carnal
sucking, he was just eager to drink from the burgeoning penis. There would be
time later, to savour it with slow sensuality, but now he just hungered for its
luscious juices to be pouring down his adoring throat in a torrent of lust.

Indeed, by only the tenth impassioned plunge of the ecstatic slave's gifted
mouth down on the jerking organ, its gushed profusely, filling his mouth with
its rich creamy essence with each powerful eruption. The overjoyed slave
swallowed for all he was worth, slurping down the thick hot fluid with absolute
joy, and milked the pleasure soaked penis with voracious appetite until it was
finally spent. The man had no time to regain his senses after his shattering
orgasm before slave piglet's mouth was jammed against his own in a searing kiss
that had their tongues duelling passionately.

While the two lovers kissed wildly slave piglet drove his hand into the hot
moist crack of the youth's smooth, young bottom cheeks, and speared his hot,
tight anus with a long finger. The lascivious slave teased the lad's writhing
prostate with a knowing finger tip while sensuously stropping his still swollen
penis with his other hand. The two panted and gasped for breath into each
other's wide open mouths, and in a few short minutes the slave had his Master's
penis stiff and throbbing once again. "See, I knew you were able to recover
quicker than you thought." Slave piglet breathed. "And I want more of this!" He
continued, breathless with lust, "I can't get enough of it, it's sooooo gorgeous
precious Master!" As the smiling slave lowered his head to the man's groin once
again the youth, whose only utterances to that time had been tiny squeals of
pleasure, was able to gasp, "Oh jesus, sweet little slut, oh jesus but you're
gorgeous! You have the hottest, sexiest mouth and the cleverest tongue in the
whole world. Oh suck me darling! Suck my prick, sweet slut! Suck me 'til I
explode!"

Needless to say, slave piglet hardly heard the lust crazed driver's almost
incoherent exhortations. He was again lost in his own delicious depravity. His
slavish mouth and licentious tongue was again working tirelessly on the hot
throbbing penis he worshipped so ardently. He tongued the spongy head with total
abandon before driving to the back of his gaping throat, then drawing back to
lash its velvety meat with his flashing tongue yet again, before repeating the
carnal act over again, and again, and again. Within five minutes slave piglet's
promiscuous erotically wriggling tongue was rewarded with a fresh deluge of
musky semen. The elated slave swallowed wildly, drinking down the viscous fluid
with a heart pounding with happiness. He used his insistent fingers to squeeze
every drop from the wilting organ, as if he was afraid that he might never have
the exquisite pleasure of draining it again.

Finally, the slave rose up again, and collapsed against the exhausted driver's
still heaving chest. He turned his face up to the young man's and sighed, "Are
you sure these lovely testicles, " He breathed, cupping the now slack orbs,
still damp with sweat, gently in one hand, while he tenderly squeezed the limp
tube of the sated penis in the other, "And this beautiful penis are'nt feeding
me something narcotic, sweetheart. The more they feed me, the more I long for
more, and each time another load of your succulent cream settles in my belly, I
get a delicious warm feeling all over."

The young driver hugged slave piglet's slim form to his chest, and ran one hand
down to his bottom. He flicked the slave's silk skirt up and insinuated a finger
into the warm, fleshy crack between his shapely bottom cheeks and gently began
to pet slave piglet's anal ring with his finger. "You are the sexiest, most
wanton and erotic creature alive, little slave, and I could also easily become
addicted to you as well." He softly said, and gently pushed a finger tip past
slave piglet's tight tingling sphincter. Slave piglet sighed with pleasure, but
soon whispered, in disappointment, to the youth, "I'm so sorry, darling Master,
I can't let you fuck me today. Mistress would be sure to find out. She has
special plans for me tonight, and I must obey her or she will punish me
terribly. But we still have plenty of time, and I would love to suck you off
again."

For the next five minutes or so they conversed in muted tones while they rested,
or more correctly, the driver did. He asked slave piglet why he put up with the
treatment he received from his Mistress. The slave protested that he loved his
Mistress, and willingly submitted to her. He announced to the disbelieving youth
that he owed his Mistress a debt of gratitude that he could never repay, for
reducing him to the completely decadent sexual animal that he now was. After
all, he explained to his young paramour, if it wasn't for his Mistress they
would never have met. With a half an hour to go before he had to be at the club,
and performing for his Mistress, slave piglet urged the driver to take his
trousers off completely and to join him in the back seat. The lad, of course,
was only too happy to comply, but looked down at his limp organ, and suggested
ruefully that a further erection might just be beyond the talents of even an
expert sensualist like slave piglet. The slave merely smiled at him, poked out
his long tongue, and insinuated a finger into the crack between the man's
buttocks, breathing lewdly, "We'll see, darling Master, We'll see, won't we!" as
he scratched maddeningly at the hard muscled ring of his anus.

Slave piglet knelt on the floor of the cabin, between the young driver's spread
legs. He grasped an ankle in each hand and thrust the male's legs up against his
chest, baring his arsehole, and presenting it at face level. The exited slave
then slipped his face into the deep crack and wetly, passionately kissed the
pungent arse ring. The contact of the slave's lusty mouth on his intimate
orifice caused an abrupt intake of breath in the youth, followed by a wave of
erotic pleasure sweeping though his body. The slave kept his lips glued to the
man's twitching anal pout, and drove his long tongue deeply into the hot,
squirming rectum of his lover. Soon slave piglets deeply buried tongue was busy
vigorously, but exquisitely, massaging the Master's writhing prostate gland,
with maddening effectiveness, especially if the growing movement of his lengthy
penis was any guide.

The soft, limp, organ slowly at first, but increasingly quickly, began to unfurl
and stiffen, filling with the hot blood of its owner's growing carnal
excitement. After about five minutes of relentless rectal stimulation, the penis
once again stood proud and erect, arching out from the driver's shaven crotch,
and up his trembling belly. Slave piglet reluctantly withdrew his tongue from
its depraved duty and smiled sweetly up at his excited Master, "See, darling
Master, I can raise the penis of a corpse, if I put my mind to it. But with a
sexy guy like you it takes me no time at all." He giggled, kissing the tip of
the penis he had caused it to stiffen with such carnal skill, "And since it was
me who managed to make it hard again, then it's only fair that I am allowed to
pleasure it again, and drink from its full font. Don't you agree?" He asked,
caressing the throbbing stem with his fingertips.

"Oh God! You sure can, you sexy little harlot! Go on, you cute, wanton harlot!
Suck my prick dry! I just love your hot, adorable mouth on my joint!" The slave
allowed the youth's legs to lower, but ensured that they remained widely spread,
and gazed adoringly at the highly aroused genitalia before his smouldering eyes.
His hot tongue shot out of his mouth and laved the hanging testicles, ever
tightening, at its pulsing base and breathed, "Are these full, Master? Are your
lovely balls full of succulent juice for me again. I do hope so! I love to
savour its flavours so when you give it to me!"

Without waiting for a response from the lust crazed male, slave piglet
transferred the tantalising attentions of his talented tongue to the standing
sex stalk. He traced the bulging veins, twisting their way up the throbbing
stem, and pulsing with hot blood, with his teasing tongue tip, traced the
prominent ridge that swelled from its back side, from base to tip, and
titillated the nerve filled meat around the base of its purple glans. The driver
was soon shivering with frenzied lust, and whimpering out his need. When he
perceived that the object of his attentions was beginning to lose control, slave
piglet changed his tactics from the seductive to the outright lecherous. He
cradled the swelling testicles in one hand, squeezing them rhythmically. He
grasped the hot hard stem in the other, and began to sensually masturbate it.
And, to compliment both carnal activities, he opened his mouth over the penis'
bulging head and lashed its spongy, pleasure soaked flesh with his velvet
tongue. The young driver had ascended to sexual paradise while his throbbing
penis was so expertly and immaculately pleasured.

Slave piglet's own lust filled brain thrilled with the depravity of his actions.
While his fingers and salivating tongue strived tirelessly at his self appointed
task of debauchery deep wonder filled his thoughts. Who would have believed a
year ago, when he was struggling to make ends meet and living in squalor, that
he would, today, be kneeling submissively, completely transformed in all outward
respects into a whorish woman, and making passionate love to the stiff penis of
a homosexual taxi driver. And even more remarkable, that he would be absolutely
adoring doing it, and longing for the rigid penis to climax so that he could
savour, and consume its creamy issue.

The driver's thighs tensed, heralding the approach of his imminent explosive
orgasm. His buttocks lifted from the dirty leather seat and he thrust his mighty
organ at its sensuous tormentor. Slave piglet, however, adjusted his own
position to accommodate this change without altering his wanton method. He was
determined to see the streams of creamy semen spurting onto his lustfully
wriggling tongue this time, to be able to really appreciate the piquant ambience
of the viscous and manly mixture, before allowing the flowing elixir to slide
down his welcoming throat.

One more minute being subjected to the exquisite torture of the slave was all it
took. The hot pulsating penis jerked uncontrollably in the slave's steady, and
firm grip. The climaxing driver shrieked with ecstasy while the first of a half
a dozen or so streams of rich whitish semen poured from the tip of his
convulsing penis and cascaded over the obscenely wriggling tongue of the equally
jubilant slave. The overjoyed slave's eyes beamed with delight at seeing the
slit at the tip of the cumming penis dilate with each powerful surge. They
sparkled with fulfilled lust at watching the thick, male sex liquid flowing over
around his acutely receptive tongue. And his elated senses sang with delight
while the musky, pungent flavour of the gushing fluid deluged his keen taste
buds.

Slave piglet rolled the pungent semen around in his mouth to fully enjoy its
wanton ambience before swallowing each mouthful elatedly. If the youngster had
been able to observe anything at all, instead of having all of his senses so
concentrated on his own pleasure, he would have marvelled at the look of serene
joy on slave piglet's radiant facade while his enjoyed his depraved repast. He
would have been astonished at the lewd sight of the slave wallowing in his utter
debauchery. He would have been amazed by the obvious delight with which the
beautiful slave eagerly slurped down his flood of his semen.

When the climaxing organ finally ceased spurting, slave piglet gripped the slack
testicles at its spent base strongly, to squeeze every drop of semen from them.
At the same he ringed the base of the penis with his thumb and forefinger, and
stropped it firmly to extract the remaining juice from its softening stem. When
he did this a large bauble of semen oozed from the tip of the spent penis. Slave
piglet glanced up at the flushed face of his lover, smiled impishly, and swept
the globule away with his long tongue. The lascivious slave made a show of
relishing the semen, before the exaggerated bobbing of his adam's apple
signified that he had finally swallowed it.

Slave piglet, when he was finished, rested his cheek on the Master's thigh and
tenderly kissed the soft skinned head of the sated penis. "That was just lovely,
darling Master. You just don't know how happy I feel when I'm allowed to adore,
and make love to such a manly virile young penis. I glow with lust when your
gorgeous penis stands so stiff and proud before my adoring eyes, but my true
happiness only comes when I succeed in draining it of the hot luscious juice
that is now cooling in my contented belly."

The slave rose from the floor and glanced at the vehicle's clock. His heart
surged with fright when he saw that he only had five minutes to be at the club.
He reached down and drew the driver's pants up his legs urging him to hurry or
they would be late. While the exhausted, and sexually satiated, youth drove
slave piglet took out his compact, twisted the car's review mirror around, and
feverishly worked at repairing his make-up. By the time the vehicle drew up at
the shabby building he was satisfied that his perfect features would pass
muster. He was also happy that he had remembered to place a clean cloth on the
floor of the taxi before he knelt. It would not have done to show dirty stains
on the knees of his stockings, no matter how they got there.

The slave got out of the car, leant over, displaying his breasts to the youth,
blew him a kiss and mouthed, Bye Darling. I'll see you soon, I hope." and walked
off towards a door in the front of the building. He gathered his wits and
prepared for the first of the day's tests, to gain entry to the club without
revealing who he was to the slave doorman. When he arrived at the door he
pressed the buzzer and waited patiently. After a couple of minutes a slide in
the centre of the door opened, and a male face peered out at him for a few
seconds. "I don't know you. lady." A gruff voice rasped. "You can't come in
here."

The slide began to close again, and slave piglet quickly implored, "Wait,
please, Sir! Please wait!" and shrugged a shoulder so that one of his perfect
breasts, with its stiff looking peak, was bared and continued pleading, "I am a
slave Sir, visiting from the east coast. My Master knows of this club, and
ordered me to attend it, to submit to it patrons." The door slave paused in
closing the slide, and was about to speak again, but slave piglet cut off his
opportunity by lifting the heavy pendant hanging from his neck and proffering it
to the man, "See the badge of my submission, Sir. Doesn't it prove that I am a
slave, and also a slut. Please Sir! Please! I've been here for a full week, and
need to serve. Please Sir!" slave piglet pleaded, shaking his breasts and
pouting his shocking pink lips lewdly, in an endeavour to convince the slave of
his credentials.

The door slave seemed confused and undecided for a few seconds, then told slave
piglet, a stranger to him in his perfect disguise, to wait while he checked.
Slave piglet stood before the door, his heart pounding in his chest. He hoped
against hope that he would not need to flip up his short skirt and reveal his
bizarrely captive male sexuality in order to gain entrance. After a couple of
minutes the slide re-opened and two faces appeared. The door slave had obviously
gone to a colleague for assistance, considering the decision as to allow entry
by the slave woman to be beyond his ability to make on his own. The other slave
inspected slave piglet as closely as the door slave had, then they conducted a
whispered conversation at the end of which the door slave said, "We suppose it's
OK, We'll let you in since your so pretty, but you had better behave. We're not
going to incur our Mistress' wrath if you behave badly. And we'll take great
pleasure in ejecting your arse out onto the street if you do!"

The heavy door slid open and slave piglet darted inside,with a sigh of relief,
tinged with not a little triumph. His transformation was so flawless that these
two, who actually knew him quite well, had not even come close to recognising
who he actually was.  As soon as he was safely inside, and the door had closed,
slave piglet dropped to his knees before the naked house slaves. After kissing
their toes he raised his face and kissed each one's locked up penis and cried,
"Oh thank you, Sirs. Thank you so much for letting me in. Could you direct me to
the bar please?" One of the house slaves pointed out how to get to the main
entertainment room, and slave piglet rose to his feet and walked off towards it,
his high heels clicking on the polished floor, and his heart skirt swishing,
revealing tantalising glimpses of his sexy stocking tops, and smooth white
thighs.

Slave piglet's pulse was racing by the time he entered the large entertainment
room. He paused at the double doored entrance to the room to gather his
thoughts. When he considered he was ready to face his next exciting test, he
waltzed into the room, flouncing along like a street walker. He went straight to
the long mahogany bar and was soon perched on a bar stool, his split skirt
showing the full length of one thigh, and his loose top draping open so that his
perfect breasts were able to be seen by anyone who came close enough, and wished
to inspect the shapely false orbs.

A nude bar slave approached him and asked if he would like a drink. Her cute
little body showed off a set of obviously enlarged breasts which stood out firm
and alluring on her slender torso, and the cluster of silver rings piercing her
smoothly shaven sex were gathered together and locked up with a tiny padlock.
Slave piglet who rarely drank anything alcoholic was careful not to order the
drink he usually had, orange flavoured mineral water, to help maintain his
anonymity, and asked for a coke instead. When the sexy little girl returned with
his drink he made a show of opening his purse to pay for it, even though he well
knew that payment would not be required. "Don't worry about that, sweetie." The
bar slave said, "All drinks here are complimentary."

Slave piglet took his drink, smiling seductively at the pretty slave, and began
to sip it. While he was thus engaged he took the opportunity to survey the rest
of the room, reflected in the long mirror on the back wall of the bar. He noted
that a fair crowd was already in, all of the alcoves already occupied with
Mistresses, Masters, and, of course, a fair number of slaves of both sexes. His
eyes searched for his own Mistress, and his heart gave a tiny leap when they
found her. She was seated with Mistress Desire and Master Frederick, all three
dressed in highly erotic, and dominant fashion. At their feet, and locked in
passionate embrace, were the slaves pussy and sow. Both were dressed in nothing
but suspender belts and hose, and slave piglet felt a pang of jealousy while he
watched the tiny transsexual, pussy's hands sliding erotically over and around
sow's enormous breasts.

As he continued to scan the room slave piglet saw that his own presence was
eliciting considerable interest from the patrons. They were obviously curious as
to who this sexy new woman was, and probably more importantly, was she as
wantonly sluttish as her licentious appearance promised. After a short while a
Master, dressed entirely in supple black leather, approached the bar. After he
had ordered his drink from the nude bar slave he glanced down at slave piglet
and commented, "Nice set of tits, slut." Slave piglet flushed prettily, kept his
lowered eyes fixed on the dominant's bulging crotch, shook her shoulders
slightly so that the large pear shaped orbs wobbled lewdly, and replied, "Thank
you Master, my tits are filled with happiness for having pleased you." The man
chortled mockingly, collected his drink, and returned to his table.

A succession of Masters and Mistresses visited the bar to inspect the new
arrival, with much the same results. The news soon circulating the room was that
the woman was a visiting slave, and had come to the club on the instructions of
her Master, and more importantly, hoped to be allowed to entertain the members
with a display of her submissive and depraved nature. Another rumour soon
circulated, to the effect that the slut would be given her opportunity to prove
her status with an exhibition towards the end of the evening, and everyone was
quite looking forward to the event which, of course, promised to display some
new submissive and debauched meat for them to enjoy.

The night wore on in its usual fashion, with lewd exhibitions being staged every
hour or so for the entertainment of the patrons. Slave piglet watched as two
male slaves gave an demonstration of mutual penis sucking, then two females
fornicated with each other with enormous dildos. This was followed by a tiny
female slave girl being taken around the world by three well hung male slaves,
their massive penises plunging into her welcoming orifices in a display of
completely degenerate sexuality. There were three solo masturbation shows that
were sexy and stimulating without making the blood boil. Slave piglet's own
penis moved slowly in its captivity without becoming too animated. In short, the
evening rolled along with a simmering, undercurrent erotic tension.

At about eleven o'clock slave piglet was given a sign by his Mistress to prepare
for his own exhibition. Slave piglet's pulse began to race with excitement and
he waited impatiently for her introduction to signal the commencement of his
erotic humiliation, his trapped penis stalk churned wildly in its cramped
prison, while all of his submissive senses became acutely aroused. The club's
statuesque Mistress of ceremonies strode to her microphone and the slave's heart
seemed to leap into his mouth as she began to speak:

"Friends, as you are all by now no doubt aware, we have a visitor in the club
tonight. I must admit that I have been a little remiss in informing you about
her before, but I thought that a little intrigue would not go astray. I have, of
course, been in contact with her owner and together, we have planned a quite
exciting event to allow the little slut to display her harlot-like character.
There will be an exciting twist at the end of the show that I'm sure will prove
to be a most exciting climax, but more about that later. As you will no doubt
have noted from her demeanour this evening, the slut loves to act the street
whore. I fact, her owner has informed me that she is not happy unless she is
permitted to be a harlot, and is used to service customers of both sexes. She
adores offering her body to others, and freely, and joyfully submits to the most
debauched activities imaginable. I am reliably informed that her sole aim in
life is to be known as a perfectly submissive, and immaculately perverted slut.
One unfortunate problem is that her owner has just had her slack cunt tightened
surgically, and it is not yet sufficiently healed, and is therefore not useable
tonight, much to her disappointment I am sure. However, not to worry, the slut,
apparently, loves to use her arsehole almost as much anyhow. For you added
pleasure I have agreed to narrate the harlot's performance which is to take the
form of a play."

While the club Mistress was talking the stage had dimmed, and activity on it was
taking place, setting up the set for the coming performance. Slave piglet,
almost wild with excitement, had left his place at the bar and moved around to
the rear of the stage. Two male slaves, and the slaves pussy and sow had also
left their places at their owners' feet, excited to have been chosen to perform
roles in the coming exhibition. All had gone to dress for their parts. When they
appeared to be ready, the Mistress again began to speak. The exhibition had been
set up this way to eliminate the need for slave piglet to speak himself, and so
to eliminate the risk of his voice being recognised by members of the audience.
The stage lights came up to show a small street scene:

"The scene, friends, is a red light district in any city around the world.
Customers are trolling for a harlot to use to slake their lusts, and the harlot,
of course, is trying to attract their attention with her charms."

The scene unfolded on the stage while the narrator spoke. Slave piglet leaned
against a false wall, one leg raised. knee bent, to reveal a sexy, lacy stocking
top, and twirled his purse idly, presenting a picture of a street harlot waiting
for business. One of the male slaves walked onto the set, dressed in a suit. He
wandered past slave piglet, turned and walked back past him, just like a client
inspecting the goods. Slave piglet, for his part, began to act out his role as
soon as the man appeared. He cooed at the man, beckoning him over, flashing him
a glimpse of a breast from time to time:

"The john is getting interested. He is beginning to like what he sees. The
harlot steps up her seductive offering to entice him further. Now he approaches
her. She asks him expectantly, 'What is your pleasure, darling. I can show you a
good time.' The john asks to see the whore's tits. She answers, 'That costs
twenty cents, lover. Do you want to see?' The man flicks her the coin, and she
shrugs her top off her shoulders revealing her plump tits to his excited gaze."

Slave piglet shrugged his shoulders and the top of his dress slid down his
torso. His facsimile breasts wobbled sensuously on his chest as he shook them
sexily at his prospective client:

"The harlot is getting the john's interest, but realises that she needs to
increase her efforts if she is to make any real money, 'Do you like my tits,
lover.' she asks, shimmying the big globes a little more vigorously, 'I can suck
you off for a dollar. I've got the hottest mouth on the street, and just love to
suck big, manly, cocks like yours.' The harlot says temptingly, continuing to
flaunt her wares at the john, and licking her painted lips lewdly in a parody of
sucking. The john made a show of considering the option, then asked, 'Do I still
get to see your tits while you suck, bitch?' The slut replied, 'Of course you
do, lover, and for an extra fifty cents you can even touch them if you like.'
The john took out his wallet and extracted a dollar bill, and a fifty cent
piece. He offered the money to the happy whore who placed it in her purse and
slid to her knees before him."

The action on the stage closely followed the Mistress' narration. Slave piglet
knelt at the slave's feet, his breasts still bare, and teasingly unzipped his
fly. He reached into the trousers and extracted the man's semi erect penis and
full testicles, cooing with delight. The man reached down and cupped the
kneeling slave's full breasts and began to kneed the jutting orbs roughly:

"See the look of lust on the slut's face when she finally gets her hands on her
john's prick and nuts, and she, in typical whorish vogue, teases, 'I just knew
that you would have a lovely big prick, lover. I'll bet it tastes delicious too!
You can be as rough as you like with my tits, I love them treated tough. The
more you maul them the better I suck.' While the harlot swallowed the john's
cock whole, his busy hands squeezed and smacked at her hanging udders."

Slave piglet sucked the stiffening penis deeply into his hot, wet mouth, and
thrilled to the sensation of the thickening meat cramming his stuffed maw, its
drooling head stretching his gulping throat. With his painted lips pressed
firmly into the slave's smooth shaven groin he sucked vigorously at the deeply
buried penis until it was as stiff as steel and throbbed wildly in his throat.
He then allowed the rigid erection to escape the voracious confines, allowing it
to stand upright from its owner's crotch, then transferred the attentions of his
avid mouth to the fat testicles hanging below it. He nuzzled wetly at the
hanging orbs, lapping and laving their smooth skinned bag, and tenderly sucking
each into his mouth:

"The harlot went to work on her john. After sucking his cock to aching stiffness
the lascivious little trollop went to work on his swelling nuts, mouthing the
eggs until their scum boiled in lust. Then she returned to his prick and went to
work on it in earnest, after all, to a harlot, no matter how much she enjoys her
work, time is money."

In perfect timing with the relation of the story slave piglet again sucked the
slave's burgeoning penis into his adoring mouth and suckled on it with every
once of his famed skill. His tongue went wild over the hot hard stem while his
velvety throat muscles massaged its drooling glans with supreme erotic mastery.
The sucking slave's taste buds thrilled with the piquant flavours of the penis'
dripping juices and he lost all track of time and place, losing himself
completely, in the luscious depravity of his debauched display. His heart soared
with joy when the huge penis sprayed its ecstasy into his adoring mouth. He
swallowed the creamy semen with gusto, his eager, wanton mouth emptying the
spewing organ like a vacuum cleaner.

"Oh how the lecherous slut adores the scum pouring out of her john's gushing
cock. Look how her throat bobs while she drinks the offal down like its is the
finest of liqueurs, and she just can't get enough of it. Needless to say the
john is ecstatic and, while the whore finishes draining him of his essence, he
caresses her tender tits with an emotion bordering on something more than mere
lust. After she cleans him up, and returns his spent prick to his pants. She
sends him on his way imploring him to spread the word concerning her expertise
as a cock sucker of extraordinary expertise. She returns to her position against
the wall, and awaits her next client. Soon a young woman appears, looking for a
little lesbian action."

The tiny transsexual slave pussy wandered onto the set. She was dressed in a
tight fitting dress with a short skirt split to her waist, and obviously
panty-less. Her huge breasts threatened to spill out of the dress' low cut neck
line of her dress. Slave pussy made a show of teetering back and forth in front
of slave piglet in her impossibly high heeled pumps. And slave piglet too, made
a show of appearing to ignore her presence:

"The little dyke is nervous about approaching a harlot. It's her first time, and
she's not sure how to act. The harlot, of course, wants her off the street. She
might distract the whore's prospective johns. In fact she is probably
competition, and from the size of her fat tits, serious competition, 'Piss off,
slut!' Our little whore cries, 'Go and peddle you fat arse somewhere else, this
is my spot!' The dyke flushes with embarrassment, especially considering how she
wants to use the harlot. 'I'm not a prostitute', she replies in a shuddering
voice. 'Then what are you doing here, bitch?' the street whore demands. The tiny
slut's tentative reply reveals all, 'I want to hire you, you know, to do things
to me. Well...., one thing in particular, actually.' Our harlot's demeanour
changes immediately, of course, she is not choosy about who she services, nor is
she too particular about how she does it, so long as it pays, 'Oh that's
different, sweety. But aren't you a hot little slut. Such big tits on such a
little girl. I'll bet your shoulders ache carrying those around all day. Don't
be shy, tell me what you like. I'll bet it's sexy, tits sucked, pussy fingered,
clitty lapped, which is it. I'll do any of those for just a dollar?' The tiny
lesbian replied, embarrassed, 'Well, my friend does all those things to me all
the time, but she refuses to do what I want most of all, says it's sooooo dirty,
and too perverted for her to even contemplate. I want someone to suck my arse
ring, and put their tongue up my arsehole. Will you do it! Please! I'll pay
anything! And I've cleaned my arsehole scrupulously so you won't be bothered by
it. Please!'

The scene with the pleading nymphette, and the seasoned harlot, was beautifully
played out. But what was even more exciting for slave piglet, was that he was
certain that slave pussy had no idea who he really was. There was absolutely no
sign of recognition in her clear brown eyes. While the commentary continued
slave piglet pretended to be reluctant about the request of the cute
transsexual, while she pretended to become more and more agitated in her pleas:

"Finally the street trollop agrees to her client's unusual proposal, but is
determined to make it worth her while. Secretly, of course, the perverted little
whore is filled with sluttish lust, and can't wait to get her tongue into her
customer's tight, hot, little arsehole, "Well..., OK, I suppose that I can do
that. But it'll cost you. I don't come cheap for sucking arseholes. It'll cost
you a whole two dollars!" The client was quick to tender the cash, which just as
quickly disappeared into our harlot's purse. The degenerate trollop dropped to
her knees, and instructed her dyke patron to hike up her skirt and straddle her
face."

The audience were rapt with the scenes they were watching. Not so much because
each was particularly depraved in itself, but because they were different from
the usual fare and, in a sense, far more highly erotic. Ripples of laughter
spread around the room each time slave piglet gave his ridiculously low prices
for his services, and sustained applause greeted the end of each scene. Slave
piglet's extreme excitement was almost palpable when he knelt before the
stunning transsexual, and his restrained penis moved like an agitated snake in
its rubber incarceration. Slave pussy took up her position in front of his
kneeling body and hiked her skirt up over her hips to reveal her rounded bottom
cheeks. She lifted one of her legs and braced her foot against a window sill
that formed part of the backdrop. This, of course caused those shapely, alluring
cheeks to split apart before slave piglet's excited eyes:

"Our depraved harlot prides herself on giving value for money, and when the cute
dyke bared her bum slabs, and gave her a view of her wanton arse ring she
squealed, 'Oh what a cute little arsehole, darling. I can't imagine why your
lover won't tongue it for you. I'll bet it tastes as luscious as it looks. Here,
let me taste!' The harlot raises her face to the split cheeks and lewdly laps at
the little brown knot. The dyke shivers with untamed lust and shrieks, 'I just
knew it would feel like this. Your tongue feels so good, but don't tease it
slut!' Suck it hard! Make me explode with lust!'"

Slave piglet stopped teasing the pulsing anus with the tip of his busy tongue,
and drove it deeply into slave pussy's hot rectal tunnel. He washed the writhing
walls of her rectal chute passionately with his wriggling tongue, but took extra
care to ensure that his lips were not glued to her anal ring, so that the
audience would be able to see his thick tongue being gripped by the highly
stimulated anal pout of his slave lover. He continued to tongue slave pussy's
pleasure soaked arsehole until she could take no more, and her leg fell off the
sill. The closing of her legs forced slave piglet's face from between her
trembling buttocks, and he completed the scene by gazing up at the flushed face
of the transsexual, and licking his bright pink lips lasciviously, as if he had
just been tasting the most succulent morsel on the face of the earth:

"From the state of the dyke, our hot harlot must be very good at arse sucking,
and ever ready to look after her income she calls out after the departing
lesbian slut, 'Any time, sugar, any time you feel like having your delicious
arse pit sucked you know where to come.' But, what's this. Another john, and a
big black one at that. Our little whore is beside herself with wanton lust, she
just adores black prick. They are so big and hot, and they stretch her cunt so
beautifully when they fuck her. But wait, her poor cunt is not yet healed from
her operation. No matter, she can use her arse pit to drain a big, black cock,
in fact it would please her sluttish lusts even more to have a big black prick
ream out her tight hot arsehole. The depraved whore decides that attack is the
best form of defence in her quest to have her arse fucked, and she offers it to
the john immediately, flicking up her split skirt and waving her fat bottom
mounds at him while calling, 'Hey honey! You can fuck my hot arse for ten cents.
What do you say. It's the hottest, tightest arsehole you've ever sunk your big
black prick into I'll swear!"

Slave piglet, following the narration to the letter, bent over and flipped the
short skirt up over his nude buttocks and waved the smooth skinned cheeks at the
ebony slave. He was careful to keep his legs crossed to hide his bizarrely
imprisoned penis from the watchers sight. The slave unzipped his fly and, after
flicking a silvery ten cent piece to slave piglet, extracted a huge black penis
already throbbing with arousal, and as hard as steel. While he moved in behind
the seductively swaying cheeks, he spat into his hand and lubricated his
enormous stalk with his own saliva. Without any preparation he drove the
monstrous sex pole into slave piglet's aching rectum. The whore slave squealed
with a mixture of pain and pleasure when the huge head ripped past his tight
sphincter, bit sighed in ecstasy while the long slab plunged into his hot,
welcoming bowels until the slave's thighs were crushed against his smooth bottom
cheeks, and he was completely filled:

"It looks at first as though the depraved trollop has bitten off more than she
can chew. But knowledgable viewers will no doubt have perceived that the
debauched slut's squeals have quickly changed from hurt to joy. She just loves
having her hot little arse ring stretched by hade cock. See how the whore's
dilated ring embraces the prick, see how it squeezes it in wanton lust. Our
harlot is really enjoying this as is, no doubt, her ravisher. Look how she sways
her fat arse slabs. She milking the cock for all she's worth. She can't wait to
feel it erupt inside her dark clutching hole. Her thirsty arse pit is striving
to drain her john's swinging nuts. Here it comes! The john can't hold back any
longer! The whore's lecherous arse ring has brought him undone. Listen to our
harlot keen with delight while her churning pit is flooded with boiling scum!"

Indeed, a keening sound escaped from slave piglet's gaping mouth when the
gigantic penis exploded in his aching rectum. His pounding heart almost burst
with lust when he felt the hot splashes of semen flooding the writhing walls of
his arsehole. His anal ring snapped even tighter around the gushing stalk, and
his interior muscles milked its spurting length with almost feral savagery. The
black slave collapsed onto slave piglet's bent back in sheer exhaustion, his
large hands cupping the drooping breasts that swung erotically from the slave
whore's heaving torso. Slave piglet, despite his wild ecstasy, did retain the
awareness to stop one of the hands from wandering down into his groin area:

"Well, has that satisfied our debauched slut. I think not. Look how her wanton
arse ring is trying to stop her john's emptied prick from leaving it. Or is the
licentious harlot just making sure that her perverse arsehole allows none of the
scum to be denied from it. I think the latter myself!"

The black slave zipped himself up and sauntered from the stage. While he tried
to appear nonchalant, it was obvious from his panting breath that he was still
recovering from slave piglet's sensuous attentions. As for slave piglet, he
straightened up and allowed his short skirt to drape back down over his bottom
and resumed his position against the wall. A couple of minutes later the
voluptuous slave sow mounted the stage. Slave piglet's heart skipped a beat as
she teetered over towards him in her high heels. She was clad in a halter top
which had no realistic chance of containing her enormous breasts. In fact, most
of the massive mounds were bare, the tiny triangles of cloth only really
covering her stiff nipples. Her lower body was fitted with an extremely short
tight skirt that barely covered her pussy, and left the lower halves of her
bulging bottom cheeks bare:

"But what have we here, some completion for our harlot, perhaps. Let's see. Just
look at the lust shining in our whore's wide eyes. She just can't believe the
size of the tits she's seeing. How can this slut stand up straight. Those udder
must weigh a ton each. Is that a stormy look of anger on the new arrival's face.
I think so. Let's see what develops. Oh yes it is! The new harlot screeches,
'This is my spot, you slack bitch! What are you doing here! I'll slap you silly
if you've stolen any johns! Fuck off before I punch your tits silly!' Well now,
how is our depraved heroine going to handle this. But she had better be quick,
or she might wind up on her fat arse on the pavement."

Slave piglet did not have to act out his desire when he gazed at the
irresistible charms of slave sow, he was, as we know, already ensnared in her
sensual web. Slave sow was, however, acting out her part, but slave piglet could
see evidence of slight confusion in her blazing eyes, and he knew he had to act
before that confusion became recognition. Not that he though she would knowingly
give away his lewd deception, but rather that her own deep seated love for him
might unwittingly become apparent to their audience:

"Our slut is nothing if not a quick thinker, and she stutters out to the
newcomer, 'Oh no, I'm not a whore! I'm not trying to horn in on your action! I'm
a customer. I've come down here to buy a cunt to suck.' Clever little vixen,
isn't she?"

The audience laughed uproariously at this development:

"Now the new whore is interested, but still not convinced. She decides to test
the waters, 'Give me ten bucks, and I'll allow you to suck my tit while I decide
if you're for real!' Our slut scrabbles into her purse and produces a ten dollar
bill which she offers to the object of her uncontrolled lust. Then, with almost
indecent haste she goes to work on the tit she has brought."

Slave piglet lowered his head to slave sow's huge chest, glad to have his face
out of her sight for fear that she was soon to recognise him. He dragged the
cloth of the halter away from the nipple of her right breast, gazed adoringly at
the thick stiff nubbin, and then closed his hot mouth over it and began to suck
on it passionately. Slave sow used one hand to pet her lover's soft blond hair
while using the other to enhance the pose of thought she struck. Soon, however,
her nipple throbbed with pleasure, and her thoughts were disturbed by something
somehow familiar about the tongue teasing her sensitive teat so deliciously. She
shook the thought from her head and continued with her act:

"The new harlot is still undecided. Perhaps this slut is genuine, or is the
little trollop feeding her a line to get herself out of trouble. Meanwhile our
heroine is sucking the teat with all the skill she possesses, not, as we may
surmise, to get herself off the hook, but to convince the harlot that she should
experience her hot tongue in her wanton cunt. 'OK bitch!' the intruder snaps,
'I'll let you suck the drool from my twat for two hundred. But I'll have to
empty my cunt pit first. I've just used it to drain the scum from a half a dozen
jocks who bought my cooze for their annual gang bang, and it's as sloppy as a
swamp.' Well, just look at the effect of this piece of news on our heroine. Is
she revolted by what she has just heard? Will she rush from the scene in
disgust? She tears her mouth from the distended teat and squeals in wanton lust,
'Three hundred! No four hundred! Four hundred to be allowed to suck your pussy
clean! Please, darling, Please!' the hot slut begs gazing up from the tit at the
astonished whore. Well, friends, if our seasoned harlot needed any more proof
she has got it. She grabs the four crisp one hundred dollar bills our slut has
offered and, after sliding her skirt up around her waist, perched her nude arse
cheeks on the window sill and spread her legs wide."

Slave piglet sank to his knees before slave sow. His heart sang with joy while
his sparkling eyes drank in the sight of her lurid sex. He realised immediately
that she must have come straight from the club's relief room, and had not been
cleansed by that room's pussy cleaner. Her plump sex lips were red and swollen,
and her whole pussy was literally swimming in a sea of pale creamy semen. Her
prominent clitoris was stiff and shiny and so aroused that almost its entire
length had escaped from its protective sheath. Slave piglet sighed with delight
when the heady aroma of unbridled sexual lust invaded his nostrils, and he
dipped his face towards its carnal reward with indecent haste:

"Would you look at that harlot's scum drenched twat. Did she say only a half a
dozen pricks had gushed into it. More like fifty to me. But would you just look
at our little whore. Look at her sniffing at the fucked out cooze. She's like a
bear around a honey pot. She wants it more than anything else in the world. Oh
Lord, will you look at that. The slut's tongue is ploughing up the scum soaked
meat of the harlot's split like a cat lapping cream. She feasting on it as if
she hasn't eaten in a week!"

Indeed slave piglet's long tongue lashed the dripping flesh of slave sow's
dripping pussy like a threshing machine. His lust heightened taste buds were
swamped with the musky, spicy, flavours of penis and vagina. His fevered brain
buzzed with carnal exhilaration, and his penile stalk writhed uncontrollably
within its rubberised sheath. The adoring slave slurped the creamy juices from
his slave lover's swampy sex with utter joy. He plunged his wriggling tongue
deeply up her spasming vagina and siphoned out the juices ravenously until her
sex was cleansed of every speck of her previous gang rutting.

"Well, friends, it looks as though our heroine has managed to feed her belly
with all of the whore's scum because she's now engaged in receiving her reward.
She certainly knows what she's doing, doesn't she. The big whore's cunt must
think its died and gone to slut heaven by now. What a tireless tongue our
heroine has, and how she obviously loves to use it. But what have we here. It
looks as though our depraved trollop has decided to put the fat harlot out of
her misery. Look at that tongue go on that girl cock. Look at the lewd lust
spike tremble, and would you just look at her face. The lascivious sow can't
believe such ecstasy is possible. Her whore cunt is going to explode!"

Slave piglet's aching tongue lashed the rigid spike of slave sow's throbbing
clitoris with the force of a buzz saw, lined with velvet. Slave sow's full
thighs trembled uncontrollably, and her legs slipped from the sill while her
interior muscles began to contract wildly. She squeezed her hot moist thighs
around the kneeling slave's head, and in a fit of ecstasy, her erotically
tormented vagina erupted in violent delirium. Slave piglet tore his mouth from
her convulsing clitoris and drove his tongue up her wildly spasming vagina. The
writhing walls of the silky sex pit gripped his buried tongue like a velvet
vice. Slave sow's heels drummed on slave piglet's silk clad buttocks and he
thought her thighs were going to crush his skull, such was the intensity of her
climax, and it seemed to last forever. After what seemed an eon the orgasm began
to wane, accompanied by a series of aftershocks, only then did slave sow's
clasping vagina loosened it grip on slave piglet's aching tongue.

"I'm sure our little sluts are overjoyed to hear such rapturous applause for
their lurid performance, friends. From the look of them I expect that the fat
whore might be willing to hire our little heroine as her permanent twat lapper,
don't you. Her slack cooze looks like it enjoyed the experience anyway."

The scene ended with slave sow drawing slave piglet's body up from its kneeling
position until she was able to hug him against her chest and their lips were
glued together in a searing kiss. She deliberately thrust one of her thighs
between slave piglet's legs and, of course, encountered his imprisoned penis.
She broke the kiss and whispered into the slave's ear while the lights over the
stage slowly faded into darkness, "Oh, darling piglet, I knew something was
familiar, but I wasn't sure. The tits look so real. They're not are they?
Mistress Lotta could not have had them grow so quick, could she? Anyhow, I knew
it was you as soon as your gorgeous tongue went to work on my girl prick. No
other tongue can pleasure woman cock like that. Slave piglet whispered back,
"Precious sow, I thought I would give myself away as soon as I started to suck
on your luscious teat. But when my face was buried in you enchanting cunt meat I
knew I was lost, but no longer cared. All I existed for was to pleasure your
succulent girl prick for you. I love you, darling sow. Please don't tell! I love
you more than I love Mistress Lotta. I adore you beautiful tits. I worship your
stunning cunt. I idolise your ravishing arsehole. I love you more than life
itself!" slave piglet sighed into slave sow's ear his heart aching with emotion.

A surge of terror swept through slave piglet's body when slave sow began to
quietly sob, her huge breasts heaving against his chest. He whispered
frantically, "I'm sorry, sweet sow! I'm so sorry to have hurt you. Please
forgive me?" But his fear soon changed to elation when slave sow whimpered into
his ear, "No! No! my darling piglet. I am not crying in misery. I'm sobbing with
sheer joy. You have filled me with happiness. I love you too, more than anything
in the world, more than my Master, much more than my Master, and until I met you
I had never loved anyone like I loved my Master!"

She then struggled to break their embrace. She stared into slave piglet's
adoring eyes and smiled lovingly, "I have to go, sweetheart. Make your show a
celebration of us." With that she padded off the stage and disappeared into the
gloom, her enormous breasts swinging from her chest with her gait. Slave piglet
glowed with happiness. If he had had any doubts that he was going to break
records that night before, they were all banished now. He would be breaking the
records for his Mistress, but his penis would be gushing for his slave lover's
enjoyment. These thoughts were suddenly broken by the arrival of a couple of
house slaves who went to work dismantling the set, and preparing the stage for
the climax of what they thought would be the visiting slave's performance.

Slave piglet drifted off to the performer's dressing room to prepare for his
obscene display. He blinked his eyes when he turned on the light in the room. He
saw the box for his false breasts had been delivered, and next to it was a tiny
key. The slave shrugged off his scarlet dress and opened the purse to remove his
compact. He fixed up his make-up carefully, astonished to find that it had not
been badly damaged during the excesses of the performance. He then took up the
key and unlocked his chastity. He sighed with delight while his freed penis
unfurled and stiffened until it was hard as rock, and sprouted up his lean belly
until its pink painted glans was almost level with the bottoms of the false
breasts still drooping sexily from his chest. His testicles were hugely swollen,
ripe, and bursting with sap, and jutted out as tight as drums from the base of
his thick penis.

The aroused slave took out his pink lip gloss and set about painting the entire
sex stalk, and bulging testicles with the gloss. He worked diligently until his
entire genitalia shone with the gloss and stood like a pink tower between his
slim muscular thighs. The slave gazed at it and shivered with wanton lust, eager
to show it off for the audience. After one last check of his erotic appearance
in the full length mirror he knew he was ready, and waited with growing
impatience, for the club Mistress to announce him. He shivered with delight when
her speech began, and moved out and back onto the stage and took up his
position. He was curious about a thin wire that seemed to drop from the ceiling,
with its lower end poised about two inches above the tip of his achingly erect
penis. He thought to himself that it must have something to do with measuring
for the record attempts, and gave it no more thought. Off to the side of his
obscenely posed body, he knelt with knees wide spread and leaning back so that
his penis and false breasts were thrust out wantonly, was a low table with a
small bottle of clear liquid:

"Friends, we are about to witness the climax of our visiting vixen's show. I'm
sure that its depravity will exceed anything we have ever witnessed in this club
before."

A cone of brilliant light suddenly lit up slave piglet's chest targeting his
facsimile breasts, but leaving the rest of his body in total darkness. As soon
as this happened slave piglet began to shimmy his shoulders causing the shapely
mounds to roll and shake erotically. He raised his hands to cup the beautiful
orbs, and began to squeeze and sensually caress them, tweaking their stiff,
rubbery nipples lustfully. After a few minutes he reached out and took the
bottle in his hand. His rapt audience believed that it contained massage oil,
and the slave was about to increase the lewdness with which she played with her
shapely tits for their entertainment. Slave piglet, of course, knew better. It
contained the glue solvent needed for him to remove the mounds.

He carefully smeared liberal quantities of the alcoholic fluid around the bases
of his false breasts, then replaced the bottle on the table. He again grasped
one fat mound in each hand and quite vigorously ground them into his chest.
Almost immediately slave piglet perceived slippage, and soon he was aware that
the fake flesh was free of his own skin. With a flourish he threw back his arms,
his hands still firmly gripping the mounds. Gasps of shock reverberated around
the silent room. The audience didn't know what to think. Had the slave literally
torn her tits from her chest. Surely they couldn't have been fakes, they looked
so real.

While the audience continued to speculate, the cone of light playing on the
slave's still rolling chest slowly began to widen, creeping up his chest and
neck, and down his belly. Slave piglet dropped the fake breasts onto the stage
floor and clasped his hands behind his head in a classic pose of submission. At
the same time he began to undulate his hips obscenely. The gasps of shock that
were still heard around the room slowly turned to peals of delighted laughter,
and then to astonished recognition. Thunderous applause shook the room to its
rafters. Shouts of 'bravo' reverberated throughout when the slave piglet's
entire nudity was finally fully revealed. Slave piglet, himself, absolutely
revelled in it. He lewdly thrust out his huge, painted, swaying erection to the
viewers, and basked in his humiliated euphoria.

The audience continued to applaud wildly while they drank in the slave's obscene
display. Only when the applause began to die down did the club Mistress again
mount her dais:

"Thank you, friends, thank you. But we should be thanking Lotta. Only she could
have dreamed up something like this. And I think we should acknowledge her
little piglet too, for I think that he is the only slave I know who could have
so completely deceived us with such a stellar performance. Even the slaves who
joined him were unaware of his identity, and from the looks on their faces, they
are just as astounded as we are. I think Lotta must have suspected that her
chattel would do her proud, because she had me arrange a little reward for him
in advance. Slave piglet is to attempt to break two club records for us tonight,
the duration of a single worm spitting for a slave, and the total number of
spurts in one worm spitting. Both these records are currently held by my head
slave, as you are aware, and I'm not going to be too happy if this little slut
breaks them both. In fact, Lotta I'm prepared to bet he won't. Are you game?"

Laughter rang out around the room, mainly because those particular records had
lasted for a long time, years in fact, and most thought that they would never be
broken. The club Mistress had kept the slave who broke them celibate for a full
twelve months in preparation for his attempts, and, although they had all seen
slave piglet's penis gush plenty of times in the not too distant past, most
conceded that while he was always spectacular, the general consensus was that a
much longer period of sexual denial, than slave piglet's mere three months,
would have needed to be imposed for there to be a serious chance for success in
any of the attempts. "I'll tell you what," Mistress Lotta called out to her
friend, "Let's make it interesting shall we, dear. Doesn't one of your other
slaves hold the other worm spitting record, the height of a spurt? If memory
serves me correctly, I think so. I'll wager ten thousand dollars that my piglet
will have all three records before the night is out."

The club Mistress chortled with glee, "Gee Lotta, you must have made quite a
killing over in Europe to be able to give your money away so freely, but your
on!" She ordered a house slave to set up a height measuring screen, which
consisted of a sheet of sheer perspex which was fixed to the ceiling above the
stage, the adjusted so its bottom edge was exactly at the height above the tip
of the slave's rampant penis that corresponded to the distance of the existing
record. While this was going on there was a flurry of betting activity among the
other dominants, most of the money was not in favour of slave piglet.

As for slave piglet himself, undulating hips still rutting obscenely, and
swaying the penis that was the subject of all this gambling, the only record
that really worried him was the duration record. Anyone who had bothered to
count his spurts during his last exhibition would have known that he was almost
certain to have that record in his keeping. The height record, given his
estimation of the height above his jutting organ of the measuring screen was
also likely to be reached by as soon as his fourth or fifth spurt. But he really
was worried about endurance, not because his previous experiences suggested that
it might be out of his reach, rather because his Mistress had never really
allowed him to exhaust himself in a single, sustained climax before, under such
extremes of humiliation and erotic stimulation, so he didn't really know his
limit in this respect.

He glanced over at his Mistress' small group. She was engaged in animated
conversation with a Master he didn't know, not betting more money on his
performance he prayed, his anxiety increasing by the minute. He glanced at the
slave sow and saw that she too, wore a look of anxious consternation. He watched
her gesture to Mistress Lotta, who bent down and allowed the slave to whisper in
her ear. Mistress Lotta then smiled and nodded to slave sow. The slave crawled
quickly over behind the stage on which slave piglet was displaying his body so
lewdly. The next thing slave piglet knew was that she was whispering in his ear.
Slave piglet was dismayed at what she said, "Oh darling piglet, you must win!
Your gorgeous worm must break all the records! My Master, not wanting to risk
money on you, but wanting to show he supports your Mistress, has bet my body for
a month to two of his vilest mates! They are absolutely horrible! Last time he
lent me to them they tried to make me eat their shit. I almost died. Please
sweet piglet! Please win, for me!"

Slave piglet shuddered with revulsion at what his sweetheart had just told him.
He steeled his will, and swore to himself that he would not fail her. If that
was not enough to ensure success, then slave sow's parting words were, "Mistress
Lotta told me to tell you that, if you win, and she and Master Frederick clean
up, your reward will be a for us to spend the rest of the night together,
un-supervised, and without our chastity restraints on to restrict fulfilment of
our lust. My Master has also told that he and your Mistress plan to use you and
I in the most exciting ceremony imaginable. But your Mistress told me that I'm
not allowed to tell you about it until we are together tonight, and that it will
almost certainly be cancelled unless you win."

The obscenely rutting slave's brain exploded with possibilities, and he willed
his bulging testicles to build up more pressure. He resolved that he would cum
for an hour, if that was what it took. He swore to splatter the ceiling with his
semen. He promised himself that he would gush a hundred times straight. But most
of all, he knew that he would not fail. In his own mind he was now sexually
invincible. He was doing it for his love, his darling, his reason for being, the
voluptuous slave, sow. Thoughts of his Mistress receded into the background. It
was not that she was not revered, indeed still adored by the submissive. It was
not that he could all of a sudden exist without her dominance and control. He
couldn't. It was more that he now had an even higher priority in the slave he
loved so completely.


All of this frenzy of activity had taken almost a half an hour. By this time
slave piglet's hips were aching terribly from maintaining the non stop
undulation of his bottom. But the recent developments had, if anything, made his
erection even stronger and harder, and had caused a fresh surge of sap to churn
away in his hugely swollen testicles. The bloated eggs felt to the slave as if
they were literally about to burst. The club Mistress stepped up to her
microphone and continued with her interrupted announcements. She glanced down at
the kneeling slave, and the firsts seeds of doubt crept into her mind when she
noted the hardness, and sheer size of his pink painted testicles, and the fact
that, in spite of the gyrations of his hips, the grotesquely bloated eggs did
not move a millimetre so tight heavy and full of sap were they:

"Well, now we have something else to interest us, other than just watching
pleasure of watching the piglet's worm spit, don't we? Now about this little
reward Lotta had planned for her slave. I'm not sure that it should still apply
now that there is money on his performance." Loud protests were heard from all
across the room, emanating, obviously, from those backing the slave, and
arguments as to why it should still be granted finally won the day, "I suppose
you are right. I had announced the slave's reward before the bets were laid, so
he shall get it. As you are well aware Lotta does not consort with slaves, in
fact she does not allow any part of her body to be touched by slave worm.
However, in honour of this auspicious occasion, she has relented slightly. She
has plucked a half a dozen of her long silky pussy hairs out and, I don't know
if you can see, but they have been gathered together in a tiny sort of brush,
and are attached to the end of this rod." She said pointing to the rod that had
puzzled slave piglet so much earlier.

"She will permit the little piglet to brush his pretty, pink, worm head with the
hairs when I lower the rod and bring them into range. She will allow him this
unheard of privilege while hearing him cry out his gratitude. When she is
satisfied with the depth of his gratefulness, she will allow him to gaze at his
cum icon, and we'll all know if we've won, or lost our money." she concluded,
having pointed out the ornate box that carried piglet's shoe, which sat on the
stage a few feet in front of him.

The rod descended the last inch so that the tips of the cluster of hairs were
almost touching the tip of slave piglet's straining penis. The acutely aroused
slave lifted hip hips slightly, and the tiny hairs brushed softly, and
tantalisingly, across the inflamed meat of his huge swollen glans. He shrieked
out in ecstasy, "Adored Mistress! Precious Mistress! Adulated Mistress! I
worship you with every fibre of my soul! I thank you with every beat of my
pounding heart! The depths of my gratitude to you knows no bounds! It is
impossible for me to adequately express my thanks to you! The ecstasy the lewd
knob of my obscene worm is experiencing from the touch of your exquisite pussy
hairs is beyond all comprehension! My lecherous worm head is exploding with
rapture! The sacred hairs of your glorious pussy have transported the debauched
slug to paradise! Oh adored Mistress my gratitude is unqualified, immaculate and
absolute! I am merely your perverted and depraved slut and utterly submissive
slave, and yet you honour me with this gift beyond price! I will continue to
thank you for this moment for the rest of my days! Not a single hour will pass
without my heart bursting with the magnitude of my gratitude!"

The slave babbled on almost incoherently in this fashion while he slowly grazed
the swollen head of his unbelievably stimulated penis with the tiny cluster
hairs. The audience watched, and listened in rapturous silence, not one of them
making a sound. They had never seen or heard anything so profoundly erotic or so
deeply depraved in all their experience. The humiliated slave they were watching
perform must surely be the most obscene and perverted and utterly submissive on
earth. Even those who had bet heavily against him were now almost hoping he
would succeed, such was the pleasure that his demonstration of extreme self
degradation was giving them. To be sure there was not a limp penis, or a dry
pussy in the room by the time Mistress Lotta decided to end her slave's ecstatic
suffering.

His enormous penis seemed to have grown to even more gigantic proportions, and
the testicles at its pulsating base had swelled up unbelievably. Mistress Lotta,
literally shaking with carnal excitement, pointed a remote control device at the
icon box. She pressed the button and two things happened, first a shutter on the
front of the box, facing the trembling slave slid up, and then the interior of
the box was brilliantly illuminated with light, and the beautiful leather shoe
was fixed in slave piglet's awed gaze. What happened next was to live in the
folk lore of the club for years to come. And, since the whole performance had
been captured on video tape, would be replayed, over and over, by patrons who
purchased copies.

A high pitched squeal of almost ethereal proportions escaped from slave piglet's
gaping mouth while absolutely unheard of ecstasy exploded in his fabulously
throbbing penis, and seemed to be instantly transmitted to every nerve in his
body. The slave's almost mystically pulsating penis seemed to rise from his
splayed groin, and a long, thick, steam of creamy, white, hot semen burst from
its tip and arched through the still air, reaching almost half way up to the
screen at the apex of its trajectory, before splashing back down onto the stage
floor. The second mighty eruption sent its long stream jetting into the air in
front of the rigid slave's lewdly displayed, and lust crazed body, reaching to
within only two feet of the bottom edge of the screen. The third almost reached
its distant target, but the fourth mighty explosion actually did, and its
scalding torrent of sex juice splattered onto the perspex. All the while the
slave squealed with pleasure so intense that he lost all track of time. Every
nerve ending in his entire being was immaculately in tune with his violently
erupting, exploding penis.

After about fifty seconds had elapsed, the slave's eighth mighty ejaculation
arched its stream of steaming semen like a geyser, and the sticky liquid
splashed onto the screen fully two feet above its base. The ninth, tenth,
eleventh an twelfth eruptions all splattered onto the perspex at about that same
height, and to the audience's sheer disbelief, the slave began to cry out in a
weird eerie voice, "Oh, glorious shoe that has known the presence of sweet
Mistress Lotta's beautiful foot, I beg you to forgive me, her devoted piglet,
even though my spewing worm is not soiling your luxurious leather with the dregs
from my vomiting scum bags.  My heart bursts with sorrow when I do so foully
defile your glory with my vile worm scum, and I beg your mercy.  I will love and
adore you forever, worshipped, shoe for whom I exist to adore with all my
being."

Slave piglet's enormous penis, unbelievably, continued to ejaculate with almost
unreal potency. Long streams of pale sap continued to leap from its pulsating
tip and arch up from his kneeling nudity like shots from a liquid cannon. By the
fifteenth eruption the raw power of the spurts had finally begun to wane and
were no longer reaching the perspex target. A close inspection, not that any of
the enraptured audience had even noticed, would had revealed that slave piglet's
testicles no longer rode high on the base of his pulsing stalk, but had begun to
droop, and lose their tightness. The slave's chest had begun to heave as he
gasped for breath, and the previously tense and knotted muscles of his body had
slowly begun to relax.

The nineteenth gush barely reached the top of slave piglet's bowed head, and, by
the twenty third the spurts had weakened to mere trickles that dripped down the
pink stem of the utterly gratified pole. The small door of the icon box slid
shut when the final sluggish flexing of slave piglet's utterly drained testicles
failed to produce even a drop of moisture at the tip of his penis, and his
cataclysmic orgasm had run its full, and mind boggling course.  The slave's
testicles had shrunk considerably and hung, slack and loose, at the base of his
thick stem, which had, itself begun to lose its stiffness and to sag down from
its previously proud, upright position. Thunderous applause erupted throughout
the packed room, accompanied by wild cheering when the club Mistress made it
know, above the din, that not only had all the records been broken, but each one
had been absolutely smashed.

The applause continued from the excited members. Slave piglet could see the
expression joy, and perfect triumph, on his Mistress' face as she spoke,
animatedly to her consort. Through the haze of his fatigue he saw that the
slaves, sow, and pussy were hugging each other wildly, and the look of sheer
happiness on the slave sow's radiantly beautiful face made slave piglet's mind
glow with pride, and his heart ache with adoration. He had not failed his love,
and so he too, was delirious with joy.

The lights over the stage dimmed to darkness, and slave piglet collapsed out of
his display pose, his aching muscles relaxing. He managed to rise onto all
fours, thankful that he didn't have to stand on his jelly like legs, and crawled
slowly back to the dressing room. House slaves soon busied themselves cleaning
up the pools of sticky semen from the stage floor and the perspex target, which
had been lowered from the ceiling just for this purpose, and, of course, for
accurate measurement to be made. By the time the weary slave reached the
dressing room his penis was soft, and swung heavily between his wobbling thighs.
It was almost with a sense of relief that he repacked its long stem into his
rubberised chastity. When he had done so he noticed, with a wry smile, that the
small pouch was no where near as tightly packed as it had been before his
performance. He checked his appearance carefully, packed up his fake breasts,
and whore's dress and stowed them in the carrying box, and then prepared to join
his Mistress and her group.

When slave piglet crawled back out into the room a ripple of renewed applause
broke out. The crawling slave rolled the nude cheeks of his bottom sexily while
he crawled, basking in the adulation. He crawled to his Mistress and bent his
face to her feet, raised his sensually undulating buttocks high, and
submissively kissed the toes of her polished leather pumps. Mistress Lotta
beamed down at her chattel with a sense of pride bordering on arrogance. It was
she, after all, who had created the creature at her feet. It was she who had
moulded him into the thoroughly depraved submissive he now was. It was she alone
who had trained him to unreserved acceptance of her will, and to glory in the
extremes of sexual perversity to which she subjected him to. Her achievements
with her slave filled her with an overwhelming sense of superiority. And, of
course, in her sheer arrogance she did not even notice subtle changes in her
slave's psyche, and in particular, the fact that his crowning love allegiance
was no longer to her, but to the slave, sow. If the Mistress had been more
attentive, she would have observed a soft glow of tender love and devotion in
his eyes when he looked at slave sow that was definitely not there ant longer,
when he gazed at her.

The group celebrated Mistress Lotta's triumph for at least another hour before
the party began to break up. Slave piglet basked in reflected glory while he
rested, and recovered, at his Mistress' feet. He and slave sow made eyes at each
other, and longed for the club to close, so that they could be together, as
promised. At midnight, much to the slaves' delight, Mistress Lotta announced
that it was time to go home. Mistress Desire, and her slave, pussy, had already
left, the Mistress having made a show of declaring that her slave was going to
be busy when they got home, for she was as horny as she could ever remember
being. The look of sheer happiness on the little slave's face was serene as she
crawled along behind her owner, her gorgeous bare bottom cheeks mincing lewdly
and her huge heavy breasts swaying enticingly, as they left. Her eyes, beaming
with adoration were fixed on her Mistress' rolling bottom. Slave piglet smiled
to himself, thinking how badly the little vixen's lascivious tongue was going to
ache from overuse over the next few hours.

The two slaves, sow and piglet, crawled along behind their owners, Mistress
Lotta Carrying slave piglet's icon box, as the quartet made their way down to
the car park. Their owners had come to the club in Master Frederick's car and,
since its boot had been specifically modified to carry slave sow's body only,
the two slaves were permitted to ride in the back seat, but ordered not to touch
each other. The ride to Mistress Lotta's apartment building was made in silence.
When they arrived, Mistress Lotta turned and addressed the slaves:

"Well, little sluts, Master Frederick and I have a party to go to. So we are
going to leave you two here. The Master and I are so pleased with tonight's
outcome, both financially and entertainment wise, that we are going to allow you
to celebrate too. It's not often that either of us allow slaves to play,
un-supervised, but tonight we are."

She handed slave sow slave piglet's icon box, and the key to his chastity, while
Master Frederick leaned over the back of his seat and unlocked the rings that
imprisoned her sex.

"Sow, I'm going to allow you to control piglet's worm by entrusting you with
control of his cum icon, although," She smiled mockingly, "I'm not to sure
whether his scumbags are going to be able to shed their offal to frequently
given his recent excesses. You can use it as often as you like. You can rut like
the lascivious little harlots that you are for as long as you like, pets. But we
will be returning at precisely five PM tomorrow, and you will be expected to
present yourselves, in perfect submissive fashion, as normal when we arrive. Is
that clear, little sluts?" Both slaves nodded eagerly, slave piglet's dormant
penis already stirring in its pouch at the prospect.

Mistress Lotta then addressed her slave directly, "Piglet, I expect you to cater
to the sow's wanton needs completely. If your little worm is not up to the task
after its depraved performance this evening, then I expect your tongue to carry
the burden, OK? Now off you go."

The two near nude slaves scrambled from the big vehicle, which drove off
immediately. They stood and stared at each other with such joy and love that,
had their owners been there to witness it, their night of pleasure would have
been cancelled instantly, and they would have been subjected to terrifying
discipline for what would have surely been seen as acts of extreme disloyalty.
But no one was there to see, were they? The two slaves flew into each other's
arm and hugged passionately, their soft, garishly painted lips, glued together
in a tender kiss that only people in the deepest, most profound love can give to
each other. The slaves kissed for at least two minutes, forgetting completely
that, not withstanding the late hour, that they were standing in a public
parking lot, and might be discovered at any time.

It was slave piglet who first broke the kiss, "Come on, my darling. Let's go. I
want you in my bed so that I can show you how much I love you, how much I adore
you, how much I worship the ground you walk on." Slave sow hugged her slave
lover in joy, and then they ran off to the lift, hand in hand, two erotically
clad slaves, hopelessly in love, and dying to indulge their sensual appetites in
each others embrace. The lift duly arrived and they scrambled into its dimly lit
interior. Slave piglet pressed the button for the seventh floor and then pressed
the over-ride button to ensure that its slow upward journey could not be
interrupted.

As soon as the lift car began to ascend slave sow dropped to her knees in front
of slave piglet. While she scrabbled with the key, to unlock his chastity, she
asked "Oh darling piglet, will your poor worm be able to get stiff after
tonight. I was sooooo proud of you when your worm gushed so magnificently. I
knew you would win too. I knew our love was so great that you could do anything.
I made my love will your beautiful worm to spurt and spurt. But, surely it won't
be able to get stiff so soon after that, will it?" She asked, finally stripping
its rubber pouch away. "Can't you wait until we're inside, sweetheart?" Slave
piglet asked with a bemused smile on his face.

"I may love you more than life itself," The kneeling slave girl replied with
mock severity, and, with a gleam of pure unadulterated lust shining from her
clear eyes, continued, "But I'm still a wanton slut and need my worm, stiff and
throbbing to slake my depraved lusts!" Slave piglet giggled at her serious face
and replied, "I too am an utterly debauched whore. Even my all consuming love
for you can not hide my submissive, and completely decadent nature. From the
moment that my worm had exhausted the sap from my scum bags tonight I have
though of nothing but you, and they immediately began to generate more. Ever
since then they have slowly been filling with fresh offal, just for you. Look
down, sweet slut, see the results of my adoration!"

Slave sow, who had been gazing up at her slave lover while they conversed,
glanced down at his smooth crotch. She gave a tiny shriek of utter delight when
she saw that, not only was slave piglet's massive painted penis already semi
erect, but also that his testicles had swelled and were again quite tight,
albeit not quite as achingly full as they had been before. She grasped the thick
hot stem and plunged her mouth down over the growing sex, swallowing its entire
length deeply into her wildly gulping throat. Slave piglet shivered with
pleasure while his penis was expertly suckled by his talented slave sweetheart.

The lift ground noisily to a stop at the seventh floor, and slave sow
reluctantly allowed slave piglet's now strongly erect penis to pop free of her
lust crazed mouth. She rose to her feet with an impish grin, grasped his stiff
stalk firmly in her hand, and led him to the apartment door by it. What a sight
they would have made if seen by another tennant, a nearly nude and stunningly
voluptuous girl leading an equally scantily, and bizarrely clad, male along by
his huge, stiff, pink painted penis. Slave piglet quickly punched in the numbers
of the door pad to unlock it while slave sow began to whispered in his ear, "My
cunt is soaking wet, darling, and my girl prick is steel hard and throbbing with
yearning." and as they disappeared inside, "What are you going to do about them,
my sweet adorable slut?"




Chapter 14 - A night with slave sow

Once slave sow and slave piglet were safely inside the apartment, they rushed
off to the bathroom. Slave piglet adjusted the shower faucets until steaming hot
water cascaded down from its large nozzle. The two nude slaves steeped under the
torrent, sighing contentedly while the piping hot water flowed over their smooth
skinned bodies, causing them both to glow with pleasure. They started to
vigorously scrub the lurid make-up from each other's faces, then settled down to
sensually clean each other's bodies. Slave piglet, his freshly scrubbed face
flushed with enjoyment, spent an undue amount of time on slave sow's enormous
breasts, lathering their satin smooth surfaces over and over again, and
caressing their firm but pliant flesh sensually with his eager fingers.

"You like my big tits, don't you darling piggy?" Slave sow asked in a voice
laced with pretended apprehension, the dissolved into fits of delightful giggles
when she saw the fleeting look of consternation cross his shining features,
before he realised that she was only teasing him. "You know I absolutely adore
your beautiful, beautiful tits, sweet sow." The slave cried, leaning down drew
the stiff, tingling, peaks capping each of the massive mounds deeply into his
hot mouth, and sucking and nibbling at each passionately. Slave sow sighed with
pleasure, and petted the damp hair on her slave lover's drenched head while she
savoured the sexy sensations his licentious tongue was inflicting on her
bursting, blood filled nipples.

"Well, I'll bet you don't love them as much as I love this gorgeous big worm,"
The voluptuous slave girl breathed, and she grasped the thick stem of slave
piglet's rampant penis firmly in the palm of one hand, while cupping his fat,
smooth, hairless, and remarkably rejuvenated, tight testicles in the other, "Or
these lovely, full, scum bags I'm Just going to adore draining of all their hot,
creamy sap." The excited slave girl squeezed her slave lover's swollen testicles
gently to emphasise her point. Slave piglet let one hand drift down slave sow's
firm, flat belly, until his fingertips were softly batting the golden rings
piercing the swollen lips of her plump vulva. He slid his forefinger into the
hot, soaking, trench of her sex and used its tip to delicately tease the erect
and throbbing bud of her inflamed clitoris.

"Your sumptuous little girl prick is so stiff," The smitten slave whispered,
flicking the tip of her pulsating clitoris with a long, beautifully manicured
fingernail, and then plunging a finger deeply into her clasping vaginal sleave,
"And you cunt pit is so hot and wet. I can't wait to feel it swallow up my
aching worm, darling sow!" The sex crazed slave girl voiced her agreement in
passionate response, and switched off the steaming water. The two nude slaves
took large fluffy towels and rapidly dried off each other's tingling bodies,
their wanton sex meat so acutely stimulated that they could barely contain their
eagerness to slake their lusts, and carnal passions in each other's arms.

Slave sow paused as the two rushed from the bathroom, but only to retrieve the
ornate box containing slave piglet's cum icon and, of course, the remote device
that controlled its sliding door, then ran, enormous breasts bouncing sensuously
on her chest, after slave piglet, following him into his tiny sleeping chamber.
The sensual slave girl carefully set up the box on slave piglet's small side
table, next to his digital alarm clock, and made sure that the slide in its
front faced the narrow cot. She then mounted the cot, lay on her back with her
huge breasts lolling on her chest, spread her legs wide and, reaching down with
both hands, threaded her fingers through the rings dangling from her pussy lips,
and wrenched them wide open to reveal the pink, drooling meat of her trench, and
the ragged dripping entrance to her silky, palpitating vagina.

"Oh, darling piglet!" She almost yelled in her lewd eagerness immerse her senses
in passionate lust, "Plunge your gorgeous worm up my yearning cunt! Please
piglet, don't tease me!" I can't wait! Fuck me, my darling! Make me cum and
cum!" Slave piglet, himself almost mad with desire, climbed on to the cot and
knelt between slave sow's wide spread thighs. He gazed down in utter happiness
at the wanton display of her flooded sex, thinking that he had never seen
anything so utterly lascivious, yet stunningly beautiful, in his entire life.
His pulse raced with rapture, and his heart pounded with lust, when he reached
down between his thighs to grasp his hot pulsating stem, and positioned his
drooling glans against the slippery opening to her sexual paradise.

The ecstatic slave sighed with delight when his huge penis slowly sank into the
velvet, molten canal. He could not believe how hot it was, how slave sow's
vaginal sleave convulsed around his invading penis, and seemed to clasp it in
the vice-like grip of an erotic heaven. Slave sow's shapely legs closed around
slave piglet's descending buttocks, and she drew his body down on top of her
shuddering nudity, until his long, hot, and wildly pulsating stalk was buried in
her silky cavern to the hilt, his churning testicles were tight against her
splayed sex lips, and his pelvic bone crushed hard against her straining
clitoris. Almost before the huge penis was entirely engulfed in her writhing
sex, slave sow's heels, completely out of control, began to beat vigorously on
slave piglet's hard muscled bottom cheeks, and a first orgasm racked her
trembling body.

"I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" She squealed in ecstasy, her mighty breasts heaving. 
Her rippling vaginal muscles squeezed slave piglet's penis with the force of the
coils of a boa constrictor. She reached up and, grasping his head, brought his
face down to hers, and kissed him with such passion that he thought she wanted
to plunge her wildly wriggling tongue right down his throat. Her climaxing
vagina contracted over and over, while the sheer power of the orgasm racked
every muscle in her heaving body. Once her pinnacle of pleasure had been
exhausted, and her orgasm began to ebb to sensual aftershocks, she finally broke
her searing kiss, and wildly gasped for air. She panted into her lover's ear:

"Oh, sweet piglet! See what you do to me!" The slave girl wheezed, "Just the
mere act of taking your glorious worm into my cunt pit has made me cum! But I
want more! Fuck me deep! Fuck me long! Plough my wanton gash with you beautiful
worm! Impale my lascivious harlot sleave with your magnificent fuck stalk! It
fills my lust crater so beautifully! I want to cum and cum, until I die from
ecstasy! Fuck me hard, my darling whore!"

Slave piglet began to pump his bottom, in long slow strokes, extracting his
pounding penis to its pleasure soaked tip, and then driving it deep into the hot
wet clasping vaginal canal to the hilt, over and over. The sensations flooding
the working slave's throbbing stem was so intense that he thought he would drown
from sheer pleasure, in the hot, liquid, embrace of his lover's boiling sex
sleave. Within mere minutes slave sow was again shrieking out her ecstasy in
mind blowing orgasm. The juices of her gushing sex deluging the plunging piston
of slave piglet's mighty penis in hot, creamy girl cum.

Slave piglet, rather than giving his licentious lover any respite from pleasure,
by slowing down his relentless ploughing of her sopping vagina, sped up the pace
with which he pumped at her convulsing hole. Soon she was peaking again,
throwing her head from side to side in total abandon, while her lover's mouth
glued itself to her aching, throbbing teats, one after the other, lapping and
nibbling at the pleasure filled peaks with utter wantonness, while the
sensations her clasping, writhing, vagina visited on his pulsating penis were
almost too much for him to bear.

After her fourth, shattering climax, slave sow grabbed slave piglet by his long
locks and dragged his face up from her sweat soaked breasts, glued her wide open
mouth to his, and their liquid tongues duelled carnally, while their sweat, and
woman juice soaked groins slapped together with loud liquid smacking sounds that
reverberated around the small room. Slave sow's heels began to pummel slave
piglet's thrusting bottom cheeks with almost painful force, while a fifth orgasm
began to gather strength in her pleasure filled body. In spite of the utterly
lust crazed state of her mind she somehow managed to thumb the button on the
remote control, and opened the slide of the box to reveal slave piglet's cum
icon.

She wrenched his face away from hers, and turned it savagely so that he was able
to stare, through his pleasure induced lust craze, at the ornate shoe. "Cum, you
darling slut!" She squealed, as her own orgasm broke, "Flood my harlot twat hole
with the sweet sap of your gorgeous scum bags!" Both slaves howled out their all
consuming ecstasy, and slave piglet's hot, creamy semen flowed from the tip of
his pistoning penis in powerful  streams, and mixed with a renewed flood of
pussy cream released by slave sow's wildly clenching vaginal sleave. In his
immaculate euphoria slave piglet thought that his lover's vagina was trying to
strangle his spewing organ, such was the force with which her interior muscles
squeezed the throbbing, spurting tube.

Time seemed to stand still for both lovers while their sexual organs shed their
juices in body shuddering, and mind shattering spasms. With one last mighty
heave of his bottom slave piglet drove his still erupting penis into slave sow's
clasping vagina to the hilt, and his sweating body collapsed onto hers in
exhaustion. He buried his face into the soft moist flesh of her billowing
breasts, gasping and panting for breath. Slave sow hugged his head to her
heaving breasts, and her heart pounded with love and joy, while her now
deliciously aching vaginal muscles sensuously contacted and loosened around his
sated penis, as if to milk it of every drop of its essence.

While the two sexually drained slaves fought to regain their breaths, and
wallowed in the erotic aftershocks of their respective climaxes, slave piglet's
slightly softened penis was still held in the hedonistic clasp of slave sow's
slowly relaxing sex sleave, she began to whisper into his ear, "Oh darling
piglet. I've cum so often in my life that an orgasm is now just a normal, and
frequent experience to me. But I've never climaxed like that before, not even
with you last time, in the boot of your Mistress' car. I thought my heart would
burst with pleasure. I thought you were going to drown me in your sweet jism. My
ecstatic cunt kept exploding in ecstasy. I hoped that it would never end, that
we could just expire together in this state, so that our ecstasy would last for
all eternity. Please, my adorable piglet, please tell me it was like that for
you too!"

Slave piglet. his torso still crushing slave sow's enormous breasts, kissed her
slack mouth wetly, then washed out her ear with his sensuous tongue, before
whispering his response, "My gorgeous, sweet, darling, my worm has never known
such exquisite pleasure as it just experienced in the hot, wet embrace of you
extraordinary twat. My whole world stood still, and I seemed to be suspended in
a state of immaculate rapture, where nothing else existed except the delicious,
impeccable sensations your incomparable pussy pit was subjecting my pleasure
sodden worm to. Sweet sow, you must have the most exquisitely, cleverly, erotic
cunt that has ever existed, and I'm afraid you're stuck with me forever, because
my selfish worm won't allow me to live without it."

Slave piglet rolled over, embracing slave sow tightly, so that their almost calm
bodies were now reversed, with her on top, and continued, "You know, darling? I
used to think that my most enduring yearning would be to fuck my Mistress'
forbidden pussy, but I don't really care that I never will any more. Your
stunning cunt is the only one I crave now. I want you to promise me two things,
darling. One is, that if my Mistress ever banishes me, you will let me become
your slave, and when you do, you wont be so cruel as to forbid my worm from ever
being used by you for your pleasure. Please, my adored sow, promise me, or I
shall just die of heartache and sorrow!"

Slave sow hugged slave piglet passionately, and cried, "How could you ever
become my slave, darling, we will always be slaves, together. It doesn't matter
how much we love each other, we both know that neither of us can live happily
without revelling in submission and humiliation. We both know that we must
accede to our sluttish natures, we are born harlots destined to rejoice in
lascivious depravity and delicious debauchery. But we must make a pact, sweet
darling. Should one of us ever be disowned, then the other must also behave so
badly as to incur the same penalty. Then we can search out a new Master or
Mistress, and offer ourselves to either, or both, as an inseparable pair of
totally submissive slaves."

Slave piglet listened to his lover, who had been a slave for far longer than he,
in awe, and excitement, "In fact, darling, should our owners ever fall out with
each other, then we must induce them to shed themselves of us. From this day on
we are joined, both as slaves, and as lovers. But we must be careful, darling
piglet. We must take extreme care not to allow our owners to suspect the
intensity of our feelings for each other, especially me, for I find it almost
impossible to hide my joy and happiness when we are together, and I am worried
that my Master already suspects something is amiss. He is not as confidently
arrogant as Mistress Lotta, and therefore notices even the smallest nuisances in
the attitudes of the slaves around him."

Slave piglet kissed slave sow tenderly, and caressed the smooth skin of her
svelte bottom cheeks sensually, before parting the beautiful cheeks, slipping a
hand into the warm, moist crevice, and erotically petting her intimate anal ring
with a fingertip, "When Mistress Lotta first forced my submission to her, even
though she continually subjected me to the most terrible, and exciting
humiliation, she also displayed deep devotion to me. Recently, however, she has
treated me more and more like a mere plaything which she uses to satisfy her
dominant urges, and then discards. While this treatment fills me with delicious
sensations of shame and degradation, I know that something important has
disappeared from our relationship, probably never to be regained. This is why I
will find it almost easy to deliberately displease her if I have to to preserve
our love, my darling. I know, that in her arrogance, she doesn't suspect a thing
about us, but I'll take your advice and try hard not to display my emotions when
we are together in our owners' presence, although, like you, I will find doing
that next to impossible.'

The two nude lovers continued to kiss and cuddle while slave piglet's penis
again grew to  throbbing stiffness in the hot silky confines of slave sow's
warm, clasping vagina, still flooded with the mixed juices of their recent
fortification. Slave sow asked, "Do you think you will ever be able to cum
without your icon, sweet piglet?" Slave piglet shuddered with shame when he
answered, "I don't know my darling. I tried and tried while we were fucking, but
just couldn't. I think that discipline is so deeply buried in my subconscious
that it will take years, and even forever, to eradicate. But don't worry, my
darling, my worm exists to give you pleasure now, and I promise it will never
flag in its duty, after all, I don't need my Mistress to get it stiff, do I!"

Slave sow stared deeply into her lover's eyes, and whimpered, "But darling,
piglet, my greatest pleasure only comes when my cunt pit, arse crater, or
adoring gullet is being inundated with oceans of you hot, creamy worm scum.
Perhaps a new Master, or Mistress will be able to re-train your worm to their
desires. I pray that it will be so!" Slave piglet grinned at his gorgeous
lover's seriousness and chortled, "But, in the meantime, my adorable little
slut, I can also use my other talents, which Mistress Lotta cannot control, to
give you the pleasure that your little harlot twat craves so much!"

Slave piglet wrapped his hands around slave sow's hips and drew her body up his
own, his stiff penis being subjected to one final, erotic squeeze by her vagina
at it was extracted from that warm wet cavern of wanton lust. He slid her body
up until her wide spread thighs straddled his upturned face, and her dripping
pussy lips so smooth and swollen, were poised a mere inch above his slavering
mouth. He was able to look up her flat smooth belly, between her enormous breast
mounds, at her beautiful face, flushing hotly with renewed lust. He linked the
forefinger of each hand through one of her pussy rings, and gently parted the
puffy lips to reveal the stunningly beautiful meat of her highly aroused split.

The highly aroused slave flicked his gaze down to his lover's lewdly splayed sex
and his heart thumped with a mixture of lust and awe while his eyes drank in its
awesome splendour. The protective sheath of her burgeoning clitoris was almost
entirely retracted, and a half an inch of that shining red spike of nerve filled
muscle was exposed, erect and pulsing, to his excited gaze. His huge penis
twitched with arousal at the sight of her ragged vaginal opening, rhythmically
pulsing with pleasure, and also the tiny hole of her urethra, which palpitated
uncontrollably. All the lascivious sex meat dripped with juices, both his and
hers, and he was filled with blood pumping lust at the carnal sight of this
utterly lecherous tableau. He rolled his eyes back up, and they twinkled with
lust and yearning as he gasped, "You have the most stunningly beautiful cunt
imaginable, sweet sow. Your woman cock, so stiff and proud, is magnificent
adorable slut, your gorgeous cunt pit, so wet and hot, the most succulent in the
universe, precious  harlot."

Slave piglet drew a deep, ragged breath, and his long hot tongue shot out of his
mouth and erotically titillated his lover's dilating urethra for a few instants,
and then he continued, "and your tiny piss hole is so cute, my darling. Please!
Please! Give me some of your golden champagne. I long to taste all of your
luscious essences! Please, little sweetheart, I beg you!"  Slave sow giggled
with excited embarrassment, while slave piglet's teasing tongue tip again began
to irritate her little hole, and cried, "Oh piglet, you are an incorrigible
whore, and delightfully depraved slut! How could anyone refuse you! Have all you
want my gorgeously debauched harlot!"

A tiny trickle of sparkling urine dribbled onto slave piglet's lewdly wriggling
tongue, and he thrilled to the delicious shame of it, while his acutely
receptive taste buds savoured the salty tang. The flow slowly began to gather
strength, soon filling the slave's mouth. He swallowed wildly, and glued his
lips to the gushing fountain, gulping down the torrent of hot urine madly, while
revelling in the powerful surges of utter humiliation that washed over his prone
nudity at undertaking such a lascivious and fundamentally debasing act so
willingly, and joyfully. As soon as the flow had finally abated, slave piglet
allowed his head to drop back down onto the cot, and smiled up at his lover's
beaming beauty, licking lewdly at his lips.

"Oh piglet!" Slave sow sighed. "It felt soooo good, pissing into your mouth. I
lost control. I thought I would drown you. But you quaffed every last drop you
delightfully lecherous whore." Slave piglet's eyes twinkled up at the radiant
face above him, and he cried out in lustful longing, "Now I'm going to suck your
precious pussy dry, my darling. I'm going to tongue whip your gorgeous girl
prick until you scream with pleasure. Then my adoring tongue is going to lash it
harder! My loving tongue is going to torment you until I'm drowning in a sea of
your luscious cunt spew!"

The slave, true to his word, ploughed his long tongue into the sopping meat with
avid elation. He slurped at the juices accumulated from the slaves' previous
excesses in lustful abandon. Slave sow brought her hands up to her massive
breasts, and her fingers began to claw at her rock hard, throbbing teats while
lust began to flood all of her senses. Slave piglet drilled her silky hole with
his avaricious tongue, and drained its flowing juices into his eager mouth. When
he had exhausted the convulsing hole of all its creams, his own included, he
transferred the attentions of his zealous tongue to the stiff, hot, pulsating
bud of his lover's clitoris. True to his word he used his velvet soft tongue to
literally whip the throbbing nub, until she was squealing with pleasure, and her
pussy began to pour with a fresh flow of the juices of her ecstasy. Slave piglet
kept his promise, and began to tongue lash his slave lover's jerking clitoris
with relentless ferocity, causing her hips to bounce uncontrollably, and her
drooling sex to mash its wildly writhing meat into his face. The slave girl
literally wept with joy as she came and came, and fed her lover's insatiable
mouth with a continuing torrent of spicy sex juice, until she could bear no
more, and tore her utterly satiated sex from his mouth and collapsed, heavily,
utterly sated, into his arms.

Slave piglet hugged and cuddled her shuddering nudity in a tight embrace,
caressing her tenderly while she came, slowly, down from her incredible high,
and whimpered out a stream of emotional endearments. After five or so minutes,
slave sow appeared to have calmed down, if ever she could given her wanton
nature, she began to tell slave piglet about the plans their two owners had for
them:

"It's going to be so exciting, darling piglet. They're going to stage a slave
wedding at the club. The ceremony was designed by a Master from France thirty
years ago. You, my darling, are going to be the slave bride, and I'm going to be
the slave groom. At first my Master, and Mistress Desire were going to stage the
ceremony with slave pussy and me, but, thankfully, because the ritual was
designed for slaves of opposite sexes, with the obvious sexual reversal
involved, they changed it to you and me. We won't be legally married, of course,
but we will be in our hearts, won't we darling." She said with a shiver of
delight, cuddling her lover passionately."

Slave piglet was overjoyed with what she had just announced, and he kissed his
love slave passionately, and asked her, excitedly, to tell him more, "I don't
know many of the details darling," She breathed, "But I do know that we will be
required to swap vows of unspeakable depravity, and to engage in acts of lust
and debauchery that my Master promises me will sate even our wanton appetites
for carnal lechery and sexual humiliation." The two excited slaves talked about
the coming ceremony, giving free reign to their vivid imaginations in dreaming
up acts of sexual depravity they might be engaged in during the ritual. Slave
sow reminding slave piglet, with a giggle, that he, at least, had already had
some practice at being a girl, and, of course, that incredible set of fake
breasts his Mistress had bought for him would get another work out.

All this talk of the wedding had, of course, only served to get the two
lascivious slaves aroused again. Slave piglet sucked slave sow's stiff nipples
until they throbbed with pleasure, while at the same time, delving his busy
fingers into her already dripping sex trench, and lecherously transferring its
hot, creamy lubricant to her tight pulsing, little anal ring. She reciprocated
by erotically masturbating his pulsing erection, and squeezing his again swollen
and tightly packed testicles. "I'm going to fuck this little arsehole, darling!"
Slave piglet cried, driving a long forefinger deeply into the hot, tight, humid
hole.

"Oh no!" Slave sow wailed with mock terror, "My little arse ring is too small,
and your cruel worm is too huge!" She whined, then broke out into fits of
giggles, unable to maintain her caricature of a frightened little girl. Slave
piglet, entering into the spirit of the game, rolled his lover's voluptuous
nudity over, and hoisted her up onto all fours on the centre of the narrow cot,
with her superb bottom cheeks raised high, then roared with sham brutality, "You
won't escape me, whore, my worm will not be denied the pleasure of reaming out
your wanton arsehole." He playfully slapped the shapely cheeks of her bottom,
then plunged his huge erection into her vagina, burying it to the hilt in one
full stroke. "What! Not game to carry out your threats! Scared of a hot harlot's
arsehole now, little piggy!" Slave sow shrieked teasingly. "Not a chance,
harlot!" Slave piglet yelled, "I'm just getting my prong nice and wet so it'll
slide into your lascivious little arse, nice and easy!"

Slave piglet then withdrew his throbbing penis from slave sow's sweltering sex
hole, and carefully placed its huge spongy head against the dilating anal bud of
his slave lover. He worked the hot slippery glans around slave sow's pulsating
anal pout, sensually loosening her sphincter muscle, and filling her arse with
delicious pleasure. Slave sow rolled her perfect bottom sensuously, and exhorted
her lover to ravish her tight arsehole with ever growing lasciviousness. Finally
slave piglet felt the strong muscle loosen sufficiently, and his massive glans
shot past the stretched ring and slid, remarkably easily, into the hot hole.
Slave sow sighed with absolute delight while slave piglet's long, thick stalk
glided deeply into her churning rectal chute. She thrilled to the feel of the
throbbing of the thick sex bar against the taut walls of her tightly packed
hole. She whimpered with enraptured hurt at the aching sensation that permeated
her unbelievably stretched open ring when her bottom cheeks were, at last,
squashed into her lover's hard muscled thighs, and her rear pussy was penetrated
to the fullest extent.

Slave sow began to revolve her lovely bottom slowly, to take delight in every
last bit of the pleasure she was experiencing. Slave piglet then began to pump
at her with exquisitely slow, and long strokes. His immense penis slid
erotically in and out of the wildly clenching hole, driving them both to higher
and higher peaks of licentious bliss. Slave piglet reached under slave sow's
arching body, one hand delving into her dripping sex, its fingers pinching and
pulling at the erect spike of her tingling clitoris, and the other caressing her
colossal breasts which swung heavily from her heaving chest. The pleasure filled
slave girl's cries of ecstasy rose in volume from barely audible gasps, to
piercing shrieks, in tune with the burgeoning sensations of her approaching
orgasm, and she lewdly rutted her hips in time with the increasingly rapid
thrusts of slave piglet's flourishing penis.

Slave sow's screeching voice squealed out in ecstasy to her beloved defiler as
her climax broke over her shuddering nudity, "Look at the icon! Look at it! Cum
with me, darling slut! Cum with me!" Her interior muscles closed around slave
piglet's penis like a vice at the precise moment that he stared at his icon, and
the scalding cream began to jet from the tip of his jerking penis. Both slaves
shrieked in absolute pleasure while their convulsing bodies shook with the
intensity of the rapturous orgasms. Slave sow's pleasure filled anal ring and
rectal chasm milked at the spewing penis buried in it with consummate delight,
and as if it had a mind of its own, completely beyond her control.

The two slaves finally collapsed in a writhing heap onto the cot. Their sweating
bodies struggling for breath while their tumultuous brains strove to cherish
every last wanton sensation that their ebbing orgasms had to offer. "Darling,
that was sooo gorgeous!" Slave sow panted to her lover. "I came so hard I
thought I would swoon from sheer ecstasy! You fuck so beautifully, my darling.
I'll never be able to get enough of you. I love you so much, it's frightening!"
Slave piglet was equally profuse in his praise of slave sow's sexual prowess
and, if possible, even more profound in his repeated expressions of devotion.

After a few pleasant minutes locked in each other's embrace the exhausted, and
utterly sexually spent, slaves could hardly keep their eyes open. Slave piglet
slowly moved his body around and spread slave slow's full thighs. He used both
hands to gently part her beautiful bottom cheeks and pressed his lips to her
loose anal pout. Slave sow sighed contentedly when she felt her lover's long
tongue slide deeply into her ravaged anal hole, and shivered with sensualism
while he sucked tenderly for his own semen. As if in a sensual dream slave sow
reached for her lover's spent penis and sucked its softened meat into her own
tired mouth, and began to lap the evidence of their combined lust from its
sensitive skin. Both slaves drifted off to sleep, The soft, spongy head of slave
piglet's penis resting languidly in her warm mouth, and his slack, slightly
parted lips pressed gently up against her soft, puffy, smooth sex mound.

The slaves woke early in the afternoon next day. They spent a few more hours
making tender love to each other before it was time to prepare for the return of
their owners. They showered together, and shaved slave piglet's body, then
dressed each other's glorious bodies in fresh, clean slave costumes. Slave sow
sucked a final load of rich, hot cream from her lover's enormous penis, amazed
at the seemingly never ending supply his testicles were capable of surrendering,
before packing the ropy, limp organ into his chastity cone and locking it away.
They finished off by applying lurid make-up to each other's faces in the
required fashion.

At five minutes before the appointed hour the two slaves moved into the
apartment's entrance hall and knelt, holding hands, facing the door. They raised
their gloriously naked bottoms, framed sexily by their erotic lingerie, high,
and pressed their foreheads to the shiny wooden floor, slave sow's stupendous
breasts squashed almost flat on the cool hard surface. Their hours of freedom
were almost up. When the sound of the security pad being punched reached their
ears, they reluctantly, and with one final squeeze, let their hands part, and
stretched their arms forward in displays of appropriate submission to the two
haughty dominants as they came through the door.




Chapter 15 - Wedding of Slaves

Slave piglet, and no doubt slave sow, couldn't wait for the day of their wedding
to arrive. It had been a full month since slave piglet had last seen his bride
(groom?), and he was pining for her badly. Mistress Lotta had also been
neglecting him of late, treating him as though he were merely part of the
furniture, leaving him alone in the apartment for prolonged periods. While the
slave missed what used to be almost constant sexual contact with his Mistress,
it was a lessening of the relentless humiliation and bondage she normally
subjected him to that caused him most anguish. Slave piglet tried to rationalise
his Mistress' neglect of him as part of the build-up for his wedding,
deprivation heightening the sexual tension, but if he were being really honest
with himself, he knew that it was more likely to be that the novelty of his
subservience to her was wearing off, and he was slowly becoming more of an
unpaid housekeeper, than the sexual and bondage slave that he yearned to be.

Indeed, if the truth be know, slave piglet's sexual service to his Mistress had
been reduced to frequent sessions of masturbation, for her exclusive
entertainment. She seemed to have taken a liking to watching him masturbate his
penis for her with ever increasing frequency, in direct contrast to the periods
of celibacy he had been subjected to previously. Slave piglet, should really
have been quite happy at being able to enjoy sexual relief so frequently, even
if only in such humiliating circumstances. But, of course, lewdly performing for
his Mistress in the privacy of the apartment had become less and less
humiliating for slave piglet over the months, in the sense that familiarity
breeds the mundane, and certainly no longer satisfactorily fed his need, no,
absolute craving to suffer extremes of shame and disgrace.

If slave piglet had been able to read his Mistress' mind he would have been
confused. Mistress Lotta's attitude to her slave had settled into the sort of
routine she had envisaged right from the start. She did not consciously neglect
him. It was just that he had now become just another of her possessions, which
she only used when the whim took her. She thought no more or no less of him
actually, but, in her mind he had become what she had planned in the first
place, a slave who existed for her convenience, with no other purpose than to
serve her whenever, and however she required at the time. In short, a living
plaything to provide enjoyment from time to time, and to be cast aside whenever
she tired of it.

The increased frequency of sexual relief, however, was a planned process in
preparation for the wedding. Mistress Lotta knew that her slave's penis, and
especially his testicles, were much harder to manipulate when he had been denied
ejaculation for long periods. And she knew that it was going to be visually
necessary for his genitals to be rendered as unobtrusive as possible, given the
nature of the costume he was to wear during the ceremony. The two had not
visited the club since the night of records (Hence slave piglet's non-contact
with his slave love, sow). Mistress Lotta also believed that the performances of
her slave reflected more glory on her among her contempories if he was not over
exposed, and they actually looked forward to each of his performances, which
they knew were always going to be exciting and highly erotic.

Mistress Lotta deposited slave piglet at the club early on the morning of the
wedding. He was dressed in a normal slave costume, as though this was just to be
another normal day. The slave's mental anticipation, however, was anything but
normal. His mind churned with erotic fantasies and dreams about the nature of
the ceremony, which, as yet, he had no idea would involve. He was immediately
taken in hand by the club Mistress when they arrived, and crawled along behind
her while she led him to a room where his preparations were to be undertaken.

When they entered the room, slave piglet noted that it consisted of a dressing
area, complete with cupboards and mirrors and a vanity table, and a bathing
receptacle. Two of the Mistress' own male slaves, her most effeminate looking
ones, waited for them in the dressing room, both nude, and with their penises
locked up in the fashion the club Mistress favoured. Once all were inside the
room, slave piglet still on his knees and the other two standing with heads
bowed, the haughty Mistress announced:

"Slave piglet, I have assigned these two slaves, slave michelle and slave sara,
(The club Mistress always gave feminine names to her male slaves, to constantly
remind them of their humiliation and submission) who are my two most skilled
cock suckers, to perform the duties of 'bridesmaids'. They will prepare, and
attend to the decoration of your body for your wedding and then, dressed
appropriately, perform as your 'bridesmaids' during the ceremony itself." And
then addressing her two slaves directly, added, "You have five hours to be
ready, my little sluts, and take care, I expect absolute perfection." And
finally, again to slave piglet she said, "Piglet, you may show your gratitude to
my slaves for agreeing to attend you."

Slave piglet blushed with shame and embarrassment, and leant forward to kiss the
toes of slave michelle. He then partially rose so that he could deferentially
kiss the head of the slave's locked up penis, and cried, "Thank you, slave
michelle, for agreeing to act as my bridesmaid." He repeated this shameful
greeting to the other effeminate slave, and the club Mistress then left the
slaves alone to go about their business. Slave piglet noticed, with a rush of
excitement, that his icon box, the container in which his false breasts were
kept, and another, similar, container, the contents of which he had no idea,
were resting on a low bench against one of the walls of the room.

As soon as the slaves were alone slave michelle, still standing in front of
slave piglet's kneeling body, reached down and drew him to his feet. The slave's
soft, almost feminine hands cupped slave piglet's face, and he breathed huskily,
"Oh, darling piglet, you can't imagine how happy sara and I are to have been
chosen to be your bridesmaids. We think you are the sexiest slave we have ever
seen, and have been absolutely dying to be allowed to suck on your magnificent
big worm ever since we first saw you."

The slave then crushed his soft, full lips against slave piglet's mouth, and
kissed him deeply, and wetly. Slave piglet's cheeks flushed crimson with
humiliation, as they always did when he was kissed so erotically by another
male, but soon a feeling of contented pleasure washed over him and he allowed
his own soft tongue to duel sensuously with the insistent one of the slave whose
kiss he began to return with growing passion. While salve piglet and slave
michelle kissed, slave sara stood behind slave piglet and gently pulled his
wrists around behind his back. Slave piglet shivered with submissive delight
when the slave clicked a pair of handcuffs onto his wrists, and then began to
caress his smooth buttocks sensually, while his tongue began to play erotically
with one of slave piglet's ears.

The two camp slaves continued to passionately kiss and erotically cuddle slave
piglet until his penis churned frustratingly in the confines of its chastity
cone. After a few minutes slave sara slipped away for a few seconds. When he
returned he knelt behind slave piglet and began to kiss and lick the smooth skin
of his bottom mounds. At the same time the slave slipped slave piglet's high
heeled pumps from his feet, and went about removing his stockings and garter
belt. Much to slave piglet's delight slave sara then unlocked his chastity and
unscrewed its cone, freeing his penis. The lascivious slave flicked his soft
tongue teasingly against slave piglet's bulging testicles and grasped the stem
of his stiffening penis softly in his hand and sensuously wanked it until it was
fully erect, and throbbed with arousal. When slave piglet was entirely naked,
and utterly stimulated sexually, slave sara rose to his feet again, and the two
of them urged slave piglet into the plush bathroom where shaving equipment,
shampoo and conditioner had been provided especially.

Slave sara turned on the shower and adjusted its temperature to his liking, then
all three stepped under the cascading water and luxuriated in its warm flow. The
two attending slaves set about carefully lathering slave piglet's body all over,
and then set about shaving every inch of his skin. By the time they had
completed this task slave piglet's skin glowed pinkly, and was totally smooth.
The slaves then set about washing his hair and conditioning it. All the time the
two slaves worked on his body they caressed and erotically teased slave piglet
until he thought he would swoon from pleasure.

Slave michelle left the bathroom for a few seconds, during which slave sara
stood behind slave piglet and hugged his glowing nudity while passionately
kissing him. When slave michele returned he knelt before slave piglet and began
to caress his highly stimulated genitals. He fluttered his finger tips up and
down the throbbing stem of slave piglet's penis, while cupping, and tenderly
squeezing his bloated testicles until slave piglet was beside himself with lust.
"You just cant imagine, sweet piglet, just how much I have longed to have this
gorgeous worm buried down my loving throat, with the luscious sap from these
marvellous scum bags flowing into my mouth, and sliding down my gulping throat
and into my belly." slave michele breathed, placing a moist kiss on the tip of
slave piglet's pulsing erection.

The talented slave then began to work her mouth in earnest on slave piglet's
rampant penis, while his effeminate partner continued to passionately kiss the
slave's slack mouth. Slave michelle suckled slave piglet's tight testicles
sensually, and wetly lapped and laved his rigid sex, from base to tip while
mumbling erotically, "Such a lovely worm. So hot and sexy. So delicious. I love
it so. Mistress is so right. I was born to suck cocks. I adore having hot worm
in my mouth. Oh! I must have it!" The excited slave lapped his tongue erotically
over the spongy head of slave piglet's pulsating penis, then drew a deep breath,
and engulfed the ripe glans in his mouth. Slave piglet sighed with pleasure into
the avid mouth of slave sara while the lips enclosed around his pounding stem
drove relentlessly down the pole until they were ovalled around its thick base,
and the entire length of the stalk was buried in the hot wet mouth.

The mouth on slave piglet's penis sucked at him like a sensuous vacuum cleaner,
so skilled and lascivious was slave michelle's talented mouth, slave piglet was
sure he would explode with ecstasy but, as was always the case, he teetered on
the edge of orgasm, maddeningly, not able to find release. The two slaves kept
him there, on the brink of ecstasy for what seemed to slave piglet, to be an
eternity. Then, slave sara broke their kiss, grasped his face in his hands, and
turned it around. Slave piglet found his eyes starting at his icon, and his
penis exploded with pleasure. The sap of his testicles poured from its erupting
tip and flooded slave michelle's gulping throat. Slave michelle joyfully
swallowed the musky cream, and drained the spurting penis with consummate skill,
and sensual elation. He squeezed every drop from the climaxing organ like a
starving child feeding from its mother's nipple.

When he was sure there was no more semen to be had, slave michelle rose to his
feet and mashed his lips against slave piglet's mouth. Slave piglet thrilled to
the taste of his own semen in the slave's mouth as they kissed. The subtle
re-positioning of his two attendants finished up with slave sara taking his
place kneeling before slave piglet, and slave michelle embracing him from behind
and continuing to kiss him ardently. Slave sara's hot mouth was soon filled with
slave piglet's barely wilted penis, and he sucked it with the same skill, and
eagerness, as his effeminate colleague had. Soon slave piglet's thighs were
again shivering with wanton passion while his pleasure filled penis throbbed in
the sensual furnace of his lover's avid mouth. Perhaps a little longer this
time, but after a few more minutes slave piglet's face was again turned towards
his icon, and his penis gushed another load of hot cream into the wildly
suctioning mouth of the elated slave sara.

When slave sara's voracious mouth had completely drained slave piglet's
testicles of their sap he to rose and embraced the slave. All three hugged and
kissed each other, with slave piglet whimpering that he too wanted to suck a
penis, his hands scrabbling around between the thighs of slave michelle behind
him, and encountering the slave's bizarrely locked up genitalia. He whined
frustrated, "Why can't I! I want to! Why can't I be allowed to suck you off
too?" The two slaves laughed together at this display of lewd petulance, and
slave sara answered, "But, this is your big day, darling. But don't think our
sucking is just for your pleasure, little piglet, it's part of our job to ensure
that this lovely thing," He said, tenderly squeezing the stem of slave piglet's
semi limp penis, "Is completely drained, and incapable of getting hard and
getting in the way during your wedding. And while michelle and I absolutely
adore sucking your lovely worm, and drinking the delicious sap it surrenders, it
is also a task for us to complete. So why don't you just relax and enjoy, little
slut?"

A finger insinuated itself between the cheeks of slave piglet's bottom, and
drilled the tight pout of his anus. Slave michelle's mouth engulfed his
semi-erect penis once again and lasciviously suckled on it. The two slaves
worked on slave piglet until his penis spurted once again, changed places, and
did it all yet again. Slave piglet's testicles began to ache from over draining,
and soon it was taking the extra stimulation of a soft tongue sliding into his
hot rectum and teasing his prostate to get him stiff again after each climax, so
that yet another load of  semen could be sucked out of his aching penis.
Eventually they had to lay slave piglet down onto the floor so that slave
michelle could squat over his face to allowed the sexually exhausted slave to
slip his tongue into his anus too, the submissive humiliation of the act
assisting them in getting the drained slave stiff yet again.

It took the two slaves over a half an hour to coax another small load from his
totally drained testicles, and once they had achieved this slave piglet was
finally totally drained. Both his penis and testicles ached dully, and were
shrunken and completely pliable. The slaves, michelle and sara, helped slave
piglet out of the shower and dried off his sated body. While slave sara blow
dried his long blonde hair slave michelle went to work on his satiated, and soft
genitals. First he packed slave piglet's soft, empty testicles into a small
latex pouch which compressed them down to less than a quarter of their normal
size, and added slightly to the aching sensation they were experiencing.

The slave then took a long piece of what appeared to be latex and wrapped one
end of it around the base of slave piglet's flaccid penis. He enclosed the
supple flesh in the rubber, fixing its sides together with a tiny zipper. Slave
michelle then closed his mouth around the shrunken head of slave piglet's penis
and drew the soft fleshy tube out tautly, then, with extreme care, began to draw
the zipper up the length of the latex strip, forming it into a tube that
completely enclosed the stem of slave piglet's penis. When he had finished this
operation slave piglet's penis stalk was entirely enclosed in the rubber sheath,
from its base to its head, but with about a half of the soft glans protruding
from the tip of the rubber sheath. Slave piglet's long penis now looked like a
long thin rubber tube, about a half an inch in diameter, with a slightly swollen
and reddish pink knob of smooth glans meat sticking out of its end.

"Such a shame to reduce such a beautiful worm to this." Slave michelle murmured,
batting the this, hanging rubber coated organ with a finger when her task had
finally been completed. The two attending slaves then began the transformation
of slave piglet's body into that of a woman. His perfect false breasts were
attached to his chest with the body glue, and body make-up applied around their
edges until it was impossible, even by the closest of inspection, to discern
that the shapely mounds were not real. The other box, the one slave piglet had
not seen before was then opened, and an amazing item taken out of it.

It did not take a genius to recognise that it was a false female sexual organ,
and slave piglet shuddered with a mixture of shame and excitement when he saw
it. The two slaves then set about attaching it to slave piglet's smooth crotch.
His rubber encased penis was coiled up like a rope and, along with his cramped
testicles, manipulated into a rubber cavity in the organ that represented the
mound. The knob of glans that was not covered with latex was carefully worked
through a hole at the apex of the fat smooth lips of the facsimile vulva and
glue applied to keep it in place. Once this was completed the fleshy penis tip
looked exactly like the tip of a sexually aroused clitoris peeping wantonly from
its protective sheath.

Once this, the most complex of the tasks was achieved, the rest of the vulva was
carefully glued between slave piglet's spread legs, and then touched up with
body make-up until it blended perfectly with his skin. Once the slaves were
satisfied with their work slave piglet's crotch had become that of a woman, in
every respect. The false vulva was as perfect as his breasts and, in every
detail could not be separated from the real thing. It was beautiful in its
detail, long smooth, and swollen looking outer lips, deeper pink, erotically
drooping inner ones, an erect clitoris peering lasciviously from its foreskin at
the apex of the lips, and, when the lips were parted, as the opening of slave
piglet's legs caused them to be, a perfectly formed vaginal orifice.

"Strain your tummy, piglet, darling." slave sara whispered to slave piglet. The
slave obeyed her request, and was utterly astonished to see that the small
pressure he exerted cause clear juices to flood the facsimile female sexual
organ between his legs, and from the scent wafting up to his nostrils it even
smelt like the aroma of excited and aroused female sexuality. The two slaves
giggled with glee while one of them wiped the moisture from the rubber organ,
saying, "That's real pussy cream, sweet piglet. It's stored in the lips of your
new pussy, and that's all you have to do to release some and display what a hot
little harlot you are!"

Slave piglet saw that a foot long latex tube, obviously representing a vagina,
lay on his belly, extending from the top of the false mound. He was at a loss to
see how this could possibly be disguised, and experienced a pang of
disappointment that his transformation would not be made to be absolutely
perfect. He was to be pleasantly surprised, however. "Let's get you dressed now,
darling." slave sara cried as they helped slave piglet to rise to his feet from
the massage table they had laid him on while attaching his female parts.

Slave sara opened one of the cupboards to reveal that it was filled with female
lingerie of the most erotic design. He selected a scarlet satin corset from its
hanger and brought it over to the other two slaves. "This is a special corset,
designed exclusively for you, little piglet." He explained and showed its unique
features to the expectant slave. He carefully attached the tip of the sheath
that slave piglet already knew represented his vagina to a little hook on the
inside of the front of the garment. While slave sara was attending to this small
task slave piglet was able to see that this part of the corset had been designed
to portray a sensually rounded female belly, and the sheath was embedded in the
resulting space that this created. The illusion was to be perfect after all, and
slave piglet's cheeks flushed with the pleasure of his erotic shame.

As soon as the slave had positioned the rubber vaginal sheath, he and his
partner wrapped the corset around slave piglet's trunk and began to lace it up.
They had slave piglet brace his body against the massage table while they
worked. The garment compressed slave piglet's torso tightly, and his attendants
had to use their knees in his back to eventually lace its sides together. The
constriction of the corset was so tight on slave piglet's body that he suffered
from a shortage of breath for a while, before his lungs became accustomed to the
pressure. Slaves sara and michelle were breathing quite heavily from their
exertions by the time they were finished, and stepped back to inspect their
work.

They cooed delightedly, and slave piglet's face flushed even more hotly when he
caught his reflection in one of the wall mirrors. His body had been totally
transformed. The tight, scarlet, satin corset had reduced his waist to a
completely acceptable feminine size, and caused his smooth skinned bottom cheeks
to bulge just like a real womans. The mounds of his perfect false breasts rested
on quarter cups at the top of the corset. But it was the visual effect in his
groin that really amazed and delighted slave piglet the most, and caused his
whole body to tingle with erotic excitement and delicious humiliation. All
evidence of the latex vaginal sheath was, of course, completely concealed. The
bottom of the corset appeared as though it moulded the gentle bulge of a mature
woman's belly. And the perfect facsimile of a woman's pussy nestled so
realistically between his smooth thighs, as to be almost unbelievable.

While slave piglet marvelled at the perfection of his transformation, and the
two attending slaves admired the excellence of their work, they began to tease
him. "Look at the wanton little hussy preening herself in the mirror." slave
sara chortled. "You had better not let your lascivious little pussy drool to
early, hot, wanton, little slut!" slave michelle rejoined, his fingers
fluttering over the perfect pussy between slave piglet's thighs, "It doesn't
possess and inexhaustible supply of hot lust cream, you know." Slave piglet
entered into the little game by pouting petulantly, fluttering his eyelashes
demurely, and shaking the mounds of his naked breasts lecherously at his
tormentors.

"Let's finish dressing our pretty bride!" slave sara cried. He retrieved a pair
of silk stockings from the open cupboard, scarlet in colour to match slave
piglet's corset. Each of the slaves took one and smoothed it onto slave piglet's
hairless legs. They ensured that the seams of the stockings were perfectly
straight before fixing their lacy tops in place with suspenders that hung from
the bottom edge of the corset. A pair of patent leather pumps with seven inch
heels, scarlet, of course, were laced onto slave piglet's feet, and the thin
patent leather straps attached to them fastened sexily around his ankles.

"How much time do we have left?" Slave sara asked. "About an hour and a half,
plenty of time." His partner answered, "Let's make-up our wanton little slut's
pretty face, put on her jewellery and veil, then we had better get dressed
ourselves." They sat slave piglet down before a mirror and slave sara began to
paint his long, beautifully manicured fingernails with scarlet polish while
slave michelle diligently applied foundation make-up to his face. Slave piglet's
lips were painted shocking pink, his eyebrows shaped and blackened, long,
heavily mascaraed false eyelashes were put on, and his cheeks were blushed with
pinkish highlights. When they were finished slave piglet looked at his face in
the mirror and marvelled at how beautiful, and utterly feminine his face had
become.

Earings of solid gold were attached to his pierced earlobes, each one a
perfectly crafted miniature of an inch long penis, in full erection and with a
set of testicles at its base. The earings were complimented with a similar, but
much larger pendant shaped in the form of an erect penis as well, which was hung
around slave piglet's neck so that it nestled in the cleavage between his full
breasts. A small golden ring was placed through the piercing in slave piglet's
nose, but nothing was hung from it. Slave sara retrieved a full length arm
binder from the wardrobe, and the two slaves laced it to slave piglet's arms,
from wrists to shoulders. The binder drew slave piglet's arms behind his body
ensuring that his elbows touched at the centre of his back. His ensemble was
complete when slave michelle pinned a flowing veil of scarlet gauze to his
blonde hair.

"You can admire yourself, pretty little slut, while we get dressed." Slave sara
informed slave piglet while he sprayed slave piglet's erotically adorned body
with Channel perfume. Slave piglet rose from the vanity table, surprisingly
steady on the monumentally high heels of his pumps, especially considering the
bondage of his arms, and walked to one of the full length mirrors to admire his
bizarrely decorated body. He was absolutely astonished by what he saw. If he
thought that he had been beautiful for his last visit to the club, in the guise
of a woman, then he was now truly amazed at the absolutely gorgeous creature
whose reflection he now gazed at. There was no penis evident, as there had been
that night, to inhibit his feminine deception. Instead, a pussy, perfect in
every detail, nested alluringly between his thighs. His penis was entirely
dormant, trapped and compressed, and, of course, so completely drained. But
this, in no way lessened the utter eroticism that now made him tingle all over,
and caused his cheeks to flush warmly. His clever attendants had transformed him
into a lovely girl who exuded wanton sexuality from every pore. He was in slave
heaven, and could not wait to exhibit himself wantonly for the pleasure of the
club's dominants.

While slave piglet admired his own reflection, and glowed contentedly with
sensual pleasure, his two attendants dressed themselves. The two camp slaves
donned almost identical lingerie to that worn by slave piglet, except that
theirs was all pure white, and the false breasts they wore left no doubt as to
their fakery. Their penises were left as they were, bent double with the heads
locked behind their testicles. They made up each other's faces in garish,
whore-like fashion, and donned silver jewellery of the same basic design that
slave piglet wore, after all, they were to act as his bridesmaids. When their
preparations were complete they joined slave piglet at the mirror, and all three
slaves admired their reflections together.

"Don't you just look so gorgeous, little piglet!" Slave sara exclaimed. "So
utterly feminine. Not like us, obviously disguised males. I wish we had tits as
real looking as yours." He continued in a voice tinged with envy, cupping one of
slave piglet's shapely mounds in one of his hands and squeezed its pliant mass
softly. "But Mistress said we are expected to look like what we are, obviously
disguised males, to compliment your perfect deception." Slave michelle ran one
of his hands down to slave piglet's thighs and cupped his facsimile pussy, "Do
you like your pretty little cunt, little piggy?" He asked with a girlish giggle.
"I'll bet you just can't wait for your 'husband' to fuck it for you, you brazen
hussy!" He continued with a laugh, adding, "I know that sara and I can't wait to
see him fuck you. To see your tits bouncing, and your lovely bottom writhing
wantonly while his big worm ploughs into the depths of your hot wet cooze!'

Slave piglet leaned his head on slave sara's shoulder, and smiled dreamily while
wave after wave of erotic anticipation caused his skin to tingle with bliss,
while he listened, contentedly, to the other slaves' teasing chatter. Slave sara
insinuated a forefinger into the crack between the cheeks of slave piglet's
bottom, and petted his anal ring with a sensual fingertip. "Your new 'husband'
will be sure to fuck you here too, I'll bet! You lucky little slut. But you'll
get neither," He continued, bending his head down and lapping slave piglet's
glistening lips with the tip of his tongue, "Until you've sucked the first big
load of scum from his huge stiff worm."

Slave piglet continued to bask in erotic shame and excitement while his two
attendants caressed his perfectly disguised body. His unbelievably cramped up
male genitals began to ache deliciously, and he knew that he would have to bear
this small discomfort for many hours yet, as their total imprisonment in the
rubber cavity of his fake pussy allowed for no swelling whatsoever, and
therefore, no easing of the sexual tension that would grow and grow as the night
wore on. "And guess what, sweet pig," slave sara breathed huskily into his ear,
"When the ceremony is over we get to play with you for a while. You have to
reward us for our services by pleasuring us, and letting us do what ever we like
to you, you sexy little vixen." Slave piglet wished that his arms were free so
that he could have hugged his bridesmaids, but contented himself with placing a
wet kiss on each of their luridly painted mouths, the passion in each kiss
leaving them in no doubt that he too was looking forward to the time he would be
spending in debauched play with them.

The three slaves' sensual fantasies were interrupted by the club Mistress
entering the dressing room. She ordered the slaves to line up before her so she
could inspect their preparations. The Mistress whistled softly in admiration
when she scrutinised slave piglet's bizarrely decorated body, expressing
delighted amazement at the perfection of his transformation. Slave piglet
flushed with submissive pleasure at the Mistress' obvious satisfaction with his
appearance, and his pulse surged when she informed them:

"I've just come from the sow's dressing room and I thought that the job done
with that slut, especially disguising those enormous udders of hers, was good,
but you're even more perfect, slut. You would pass for a harlot in any
environment. I'll bet you could make Lotta a fortune if she got you up like
this, and put you to work as a street walker ever day." The Mistress glanced at
her watch, then continued, quickly, "About five minutes more, sluts, and then we
begin. You are to make your way into the auditorium as soon as you hear the
appropriate music being played."

The Mistress left, and the three slaves waited, with growing excitement, to be
summoned. Slave piglet's heart began to thump with eager degradation, as it
always did when he was about to be allowed to display his humiliation. A tiny
surge of fresh adrenalin washed over him when he finally understood something
that had been nagging at the back of his mind ever since he had first inspected
his transformation. The fake pussy, so obscenely displayed between his smooth
thighs was familiar. It was, in fact, an exact replica of his beloved slave
sow's beautiful organ, and it filled him with sublime happiness that this was
so.

All of a sudden the slaves heard the opening strains of the tune 'Here comes the
Bride' being played over the club's sound system. The two slave bridesmaids
gathered up the bottom of slave piglet's long veil and motioned for him to move
off. Slave piglet's blood pulsed with submissive anticipation and he began to
walk. The heels of the slaves' pumps clicked loudly on the polished wooden floor
while they walked down a long corridor towards the auditorium. The large shapely
mounds of Slave piglet's false breasts wobbled sensuously on his chest with his
movements, adding to his general feelings of delicious shame and extreme
eroticism.

The club's main entertainment area had been set up especially for the ceremony
in the following manner. The numerous alcoves had been rearranged so that they
formed a large semi-circle around an altar, up to which ran a red carpet. The
altar itself was truly obscene in its design. Set about three feet apart were
two six foot high effigies. The one on the left was caste in the image of a
huge, naked, female sexual organ, and the one on the right an erect penis with
huge testicles supporting its base. Both of the sexual icons obviously depicted
those of slaves. The lips of the vulva being pierced and ringed, as was the skin
behind the glans of the penis. A spotlight, set in the high ceiling, lit each of
the obscene statues.

Between these two decadent icons a further light shone on a square of black
carpet. Slave piglet, as he slowly moved down the red carpet towards the altar,
could see a standing figure which he was sure was his slave beloved, slave sow.
The figure was facing away from slave piglet, but he could see that the person
wore a full length armbinder, similar to the one holding his own arms captive,
but also seeming to envelope the shoulders of the figure as well. The other
thing that put some doubt into slave piglet's brain as to the identity of the
figure was the sheer size of the back. The person had the build, at least from
the back view, of dedicated body builder. Standing to the side of the figure
were two female slaves, one was slave pussy, and the other the slender slave
girl who was the subject of one of the exhibitions described earlier in this
account.

All of the slaves were dressed the same as slave piglet and his attendants, in
erotic stockings, stiletto heels, corsets and jewellery, although, in the case
of the slaves already waiting at the altar, the jewellery depicted the female
sexual organ rather than penises. Slave piglet, in line with his instructions,
walked slowly down the red carpet until he was level with the other slave, and
stood facing the statue of the pussy. He was careful to remain stock still,
overcoming the urge to sneak a glance at the slave standing just a few feet from
him, to reassure himself that it actually was his darling, slave sow.

As soon as slave piglet was in place, and his attendants had taken up their
positions off to his side, the music stopped, and a weird silence settled over
the room. A figure suddenly stepped into the beam between the two statues, and a
murmur of excitement and wonder seemed to ripple around the room. When they saw
the person the hearts of the two slaves to be wed thumped with sensual
incredulity. The person was dressed in what passed for a religious habit, except
for the two circles cut out of the chest from which hung two lovely, quite large
breasts, with long, stiff pink nipples. The habit reached down to the floor but
from the waist down, in the front, and no doubt the back too, a rectangle nine
or so inches wide had been cut out of the material. This revealed the inside
halves of long, shapely legs clad in black silk stockings held in place by
suspenders, and small feet shod in black patent leather high heeled pumps.

It was what appeared from between the creature's legs that promoted this
sensation of erotic shock, not only to the two slaves, but also to the rest of
the gathering. A beautiful, erect, eight inch penis arched up the belly. But
there were no testicles below it. Instead, and equally lovely pussy nestled,
smooth and hairless, and glistening with the moisture of arousal. The person's
two sexes were both real, he, or was it she, was a true hermaphrodite, obviously
of the more feminine slant. Both slaves, piglet and sow, flushed with excitement
at the sight of the lovely creature, and their submissive mouths watered with
longing to taste her bizarre dual sexuality.

The beautiful hermaphrodite inspected the two slaves (It was not apparent to the
slaves whether the hermaphrodite was submissive or dominant, although from her
dress, and the absence of piercings, the latter was suspected) and then
announced that they should turn and face each other. This was the first real
chance slave piglet had had to look at his lover. He was as astounded as she was
by her first sight of his transformed body. Her enormous breasts had been
disguised as the muscular chest of a body builder by a combination of squashing
the huge mounds as flat as was possible, and then adding moulded padding,
finished in perfect skin tones, and touched up with body make-up to blend
perfectly with the smooth texture of her own natural skin.

Her massive chest tapered down to a slender waist, and her full thighs were
obviously strapped down, near her knees, to give them the illusion of being male
in shape. Slave piglet's astonishment, and utter disbelief, was total when his
gaze drifted down to the juncture of those thighs. Sprouting from there was a
long, thick, stiff penis with massive testicles, smooth and hairless, bulging
with sap, nestled at its thick base. It was not just that he saw a penis where
there should have been the pussy he so adored, but if he had not obviously known
better he would have sworn that he was gazing at his own male sexuality, such
was the absolute perfection of the replica.

Once they had taken in the transformation of each others bodies the two slaves
stared at each other's faces, their eyes filled with a mixture of love, lust,
and erotically induced amazement. Their wandering minds were snapped back to
reality when the hermaphrodite, obviously the celebrant for the ceremony, began
to speak once more, addressing the room as a whole:

"Ladies and gentlemen, we are gathered here today to witness a marriage of
slaves. The dominants, Mistress Lotta and Master Frederick have decreed that
their personal slaves, piglet and sow, exchange the vows associated with
submissive union. I am Aphelia, a celebrant of such services. The service
requires that the slave's offer their bodies to each other without restriction,
and in accordance with the wishes of their owners, in a series of vows. Once
these vows have been completed I will be the sole judge as to whether the slaves
have performed with sufficient depravity, lewdness and  submissiveness to affect
a slave union. If I do, ladies and gentlemen, then I will allow the slaves to
seal their union by allowing them to worship, together, here, here, and here."

The dominant celebrant announced, pointing first to her jutting breasts, then
turning to allow her nude bottom cheeks to be seen, parting them and indicating
the anal knot resting in the crater, and finally pointing to the naked display
of her dual sexuality:

"The slaves' union will be decreed sealed as soon as they have fed on the juices
and creams of my superior sexuality. A feast of celebration will then be enjoyed
by us, while we watch the two slaves consummate their union in an orgy of wanton
debauchery, undertaking every act of carnal depravity that is possible for two
slaves to perform. Finally, my friends, the two joined slaves will be required
to offer themselves to the slave attendants that have prepared them for this
ceremony, to be used as those slaves see fit, and in reward for their services.
We shall now begin with the ritual of the vows."

Tiny shivers of excitement, tinged with masochistic humiliation shook the two
slaves standing facing each other. The ritual was about to begin. Soon their
submissive minds would be wallowing in the delicious shame that public displays
of wanton debauchery always engendered in them, and fed their ever growing
longing to be reduced to utter depravity and total humiliation:

"The vows will begin with the female slut." The celebrant announced. "You will
now kneel before your slave groom, slut bride!" Slave piglet stood waiting
breathlessly, and then, all of a sudden realised that it was he whom the
celebrant had been referring to, when she glanced at him with some annoyance. As
he awkwardly dropped to his knees, not having the use of his arms to assist with
his balance, he realised that he, of course, was the female in this ceremony,
not his beloved sow. He also flushed hotly when it also became apparent that the
celebrant actually thought that he was a female, for there was absolutely no
indication in her eyes that she knew of the transformations he and slave sow had
undergone.

Once slave piglet was in position on his knees, the bizarre celebrant began.
"Slut, you will repeat after me: 'In accordance with my Master's decree I submit
my lewd and wanton body for union with yours, my slave groom, and will surrender
it to perform the utmost acts of debauchery and depravity with yours for the
glory, and pleasure of my Master and your Mistress, at any time, and in any
place, and at their command!" Slave piglet carefully repeated the vow, word for
word, using a tone of voice that not only displayed his lust and passion, but
also carefully maintained the deception of his transformation.

"The slut will now kiss the toes of the slave, to signify her submission, as
vowed, to him, and through him, to his Mistress." Slave piglet carefully leaned
forward and pressed his lips to the shiny leather toes of slave sow's pumps
thrilling to the heavy, erotic sensation of his false breasts swaying out from
his chest as he did so.  Slave piglet then returned to his position and was
ordered to stand again by the celebrant. She then turned her attention to slave
sow and commanded her to kneel. Slave sow was slightly more attentive, despite
her growing lust, than slave piglet had been, and dropped to her knees
immediately. "Slave, you will repeat after me: 'In accordance with my Mistress's
decree I submit my lewd and wanton body for union with yours, my slut bride, and
will surrender it to perform the utmost acts of debauchery and depravity with
yours for the glory, and pleasure of my Mistress and your Master, at any time,
and in any place, and at their command!" Slave sow repeated the vow with obvious
passion and lust.

"The slave will now kiss the toes of the slut to signify his submission, as
vowed, to her and through her, to her Master." Slave sow leaned forward with
indecent haste and mashed her full, obscenely painted lips to the shiny leather
toes of slave piglet's impossible high heeled pumps, sensuously aware of the
huge pole of her rubber penis arching out lewdly from her smooth crotch as she
did so.  Slave sow then returned to her position and was also ordered to stand
by the celebrant. The hermaphrodite then announced the next act in the wedding
of slaves:

"The slut bride and the slave husband will now exchange vows of lust and
depravity, in accordance with the wishes of their owners." The celebrant turned
to slave piglet, and commanded, "Slut, you will now offer the slattern sex meat
your harlot body possesses to your slave husband, in accordance with the wishes
of you Master, and in the submissive and debauched manner he would expect of
you." Slave piglet, enraptured with the sheer erotic excitement of the act,
began to roll his shoulders causing the fake breasts hanging so alluringly from
his torso to shake and wobble lasciviously, and cried, "Slave husband, because
my Master wishes it, I offer these lewd udders with their stiff throbbing teats
to you with all my heart, and beg that you accept them and use them to entertain
my Master and your Mistress with acts of supreme depravity and wanton lust; suck
and chew the pulsing teats with lewd passion and depraved servility; jam the
hard peaks into the crater of your whorish man cunt; squash the fat tits
together and fuck between them with your huge rigid worm, and flood them with
your hot scum bag cream. I beg you, slave husband, accept the udders and teats
my Mistress commands me to offer!"

Slave piglet ceased the rolling of his shoulders, which had increased in vigour
while he made his offer, and the heavy orbs of his facsimile breasts again
drooped, motionless, from his torso, still, once again. The celebrant then
turned to slave sow and ordered, "Slave groom, you will now signify your
acceptance of the tits your slut bride has offered by making token gestures of
making use of them in the fashion she has suggested. You will utter a brief
statement before you begin." Slave sow moved over to slave piglet, who had knelt
to facilitate the acceptances, and cried, excitedly, "Slut bride, I accept the
udders and teats you have offered at the behest of your Master, and on behalf of
my Mistress. I will signify that acceptance by using them in the manner you have
offered."

Slave sow first bent her face to the large breasts and engulfed the stiff pink
nipple of one of them in her hot, wet mouth. Her soft tongue washed lewdly over
the rubber teat for a few seconds, and then she repeated the act on the other
nipple until both pink peaks glistened with her saliva. Then slave sow turned
her body around and bent at the waist to split the voluptuous cheeks of her
bottom. She then awkwardly tried to insinuate slave piglet's pliant left breast
into her bottom crack. The slave tried to help her by thrusting his fake breast
out as much as he could. Eventually slave sow sighed with lust when she felt the
crinkled spike of a nipple pressing against her palpitating anal ring. She
quickly repeated the process with slave piglet's other breast and then turned
around to face him again.

Given the severe bondage the two slaves' arms were in the final act of
acceptance by slave sow could not be achieved without help. Slave sara quickly
moved from his position until he was behind slave piglet. He reached around and
grasped one of slave piglet's large soft breasts in each hand and then gently
squashed the mounds together. Slave sow then thrust her replica penis between
the fake mounds and began to lasciviously slide it back and forth. After a short
while she pressed her thighs together to squeeze her fake testicles. This caused
a small spurt of creamy white semen to squirt from the tip of the penis, and
splash down onto the smooth, life like skin of the breasts. The lewd slave then
bent her face down and lapped the cream from them with long strokes of her soft
tongue. When she was satisfied that she had cleaned it all up she resumed her
position.

Slave piglet, his lustful passion rising rapidly, prepared to make his next
submissive offer by turning his body and swaying the nude cheeks of his bottom
wantonly at his slave groom. He ensured that the pout of his anus winked
lecherously at her while he made his subservient offer, "Slave husband, because
my Master wishes it, I offer this licentious arse with its gaping arse ring and
depraved fuck pit to you with all my being, and beg that you accept it and use
it to amuse my Master and your Mistress with exhibitions of absolute degeneracy
and perverse lechery; suckle and lap the pulsing rim with lustful desire, and
use you lascivious tongue to spear its tight hot harlot hole with depraved
servility; stretch the lecherous ring open obscenely, and jam your hard, hot,
long fuck stalk into the perverse crater and violate its lurid depths, spewing
your steaming ball offal onto its rippling walls. I beg you, slave husband,
accept the arse ring and sluttish arse pit my Mistress commands me to offer!"

Slave piglet allowed the erotic rolling of his powdered bottom cheeks to slowly
abate from the wild gyrations that had been shaking them lewdly by the time he
had completed his pleading offers. The celebrant then turned to slave sow and
directed, "Slave groom, you will now signify your acceptance of the arse ring
and arsehole your slut bride offers by performing acts in line with the offers
she has made. You will, of course, uttering a brief statement before you start."
Slave sow moved over to slave piglet, who had already knelt to facilitate the
wanton acts of acceptance, and cried, excitedly, "Slut bride, I accept the arse
ring and arsehole you have offered at the behest of your Master, and on behalf
of my Mistress. I will acknowledge that acceptance by using them in the manner
you have offered."

Slave sow then bent her face to the widely split, upturned buttocks and slipped
it between them until her full lips were pressed against slave piglet's
palpitating anus. Her soft tongue lapped licentiously over the intimate opening
for a few moments, filling slave piglet with sensuous pleasure, and herself with
delicious subservient shame, and then she stiffened her long tongue and drilled
it past the tight sphincter and as deeply as she could into the hot cavern of
his rectum. The delightedly degraded slave girl washed the rippling walls of
slave piglet's pungent rectum for a short while before, reluctantly, removing
her mouth from it. Then slave sow stood up straight, and moved her body closer
to slave piglet's wantonly offered bottom. She bent her hips down, and moved
them awkwardly back, in an endeavour to position the tip of her realistic fake
penis against the saliva dripping pout of slave piglet's pulsing anus. Once the
bulbous tip was securely pressing against the anal ring slave sow began to work
it around to both lubricate it, and to prepare slave piglet's tight sphincter
for the coming invasion.

When she was satisfied slave sow began to slowly drive her hips forward. Slave
michelle, following a direction from the celebrant, stood before slave piglet's
bent over body and used her hands to brace him against the force of slave sow's
thrust. The huge rubber bulb of the penis head began to stretch slave piglet's
clasping anal ring ever wider. Slave sow kept driving until the strong muscle
finally relented and allowed the thick rubber glans to slide past it. Once the
fat head was in, slave sow relentlessly plunged the entire length of the long
thick stalk into slave piglet's clenching rectum, not stopping until her crotch
was firmly pressed against the shuddering flesh of his bottom cheeks. By this
time both slaves were breathing heavily, slave sow with the effort it had taken
to drill slave piglet's tight rectum with her massive fake penis, and slave
piglet with the acute sensations that were now flooding his impossibly crammed
rectum, and almost painfully stretched sphincter. Both slaves were in carnal
heaven, slave sow because of the lewdness of the situation, and slave piglet
because so many people were watching a huge, long penis violate his submissive
rectum.

Slave sow then began to pump her penis in and out of slave piglet's wildly
clenching rectum, filling him with debased pleasure and submissive lust. After a
couple of minutes she pressed her thighs together so that they compressed the
swollen testicles nestling between them and forced a stream of semen to spew
from the tip of the penis and bathe the rippling walls of slave piglet's rectal
sleave. She then allowed the penis to escape from the tight grip of clasping
hole and once again dropped her face to it. Her tongue lapped the still widely
dilated ring for a second or two to ease its ache, and then she glued her lips
to its and eagerly sucked the semen she had deposited there out and lewdly
swallowed it. When she was satisfied that she had fully cleansed her lover's
bottom hole slave sow straightened up and resumed her position, as did the
acutely stimulated slave piglet.

Slave piglet, his lust now beginning to burgeon uncontrollably, prepared to make
his next submissive proposal by, with the assistance of both his bridesmaids,
laying on his back on the floor. He spread his legs wide and drew his feet back,
then lifted his nude crotch as high as he was able and began to undulate it
obscenely, offering his moist female sex, plump outer lips spread wide to reveal
its dripping interior and supposedly stiff clitoris in a most wanton and
obsequious fashion to slave sow, "Slave husband, because my Master wishes it, I
offer this drooling and utterly decadent whore twat with its slack sluttish cunt
sleave and lewd, throbbing girl prick to you with all my being, and beg that you
accept it and use it to amuse my Master and your Mistress with exhibitions of
absolute depravity and debauched abandon; suck and slurp up its gushing fuck
cream with your lust crazed maw, drill its writhing fuck crater with your
lascivious tongue, whip its throbbing woman worm with your velvet tongue; plunge
your stiff, hot, massive fuck worm into the debauched harlot cave and ravish it
with depraved abandon, squirt your boiling scum bag trash into its squirming
tunnel. I beg you, slave husband, accept the whore cooze, obscene woman worm,
and sluttish cunt pit my Mistress commands me to offer!"

Slave piglet stilled his undulating crotch with his fake female sex, dripping
with the juices his clenching belly had flooded it with, offered wantonly to
slave sow. The celebrant then turned to slave sow and instructed, "Slave groom,
you will now acknowledge signify your acceptance of whore cunt and fat stiff
girl cock your slut bride has offered by using the depraved meat in the fashion
she has begged for you to. As usual, before you may begin you will utter a brief
statement." Slave sow moved over to slave piglet, and dropped to her knees
between his widely splayed thighs, then shrilled, enthusiastically, "Slut bride,
I accept the twat and girl worm you have offered at the behest of your Master,
and on behalf of my Mistress. I will graphically demonstrate that acceptance by
using your sluttish cooze in the manner you have decreed."

Slave sow then lowered her face to the widely spread crotch of slave piglet and
buried her mouth into the swampy, life like trench. Her agile tongue slurped
lewdly at the juices it exuded, and her throat could be seen to gulp wildly
while she swallowed the tart juice. She wallowed in sensations of masochistic
delight while she thrust her wriggling tongue deeply into the latex sleave of
slave piglet's false vagina. The slave, enthralled with her humiliation, moved
her lascivious lips and tongue to the knob of real penis meat that represented
slave piglet's clitoral bud. She washed her avid tongue over and around the knob
of sensitive meat, and was rewarded with a shiver of pleasure rocking slave
piglet's knotted and aching thighs. Slave sow would have remained suckling that
one small piece of her adored lover's sexuality for hours had she been permitted
to, but, with pangs of disappointment nudging her consciousness, she finally
relented. Slave sow straightened up, and inched her body into the space between
slave piglet's lewdly splayed thighs, her stiff rubber penis swaying carnally
out from her smooth groin. She had much less difficulty in positioning the head
of the long rubber penis at the ragged entrance to slave piglet's false vagina
than she had had when demonstrating her perverse acceptance of his anus, and was
soon ready to perform the ritual violation.

She drove her hips forward and plunged the entire length of the long thick stalk
into slave piglet's soft latex rubber vaginal sheath, not stopping her thrust
until the fat testicles nestled at its thick base were resting against the
plump, life like lips of his vulva. The sensations of sheer depravity, and
bizarre humiliation the two slaves experienced at this instant were beyond any
the had felt before. Slave piglet was a male experiencing what a woman did when
a penis filled her, and slave sow, a female, was experiencing the sensations
associated with a man when his penis was clasped in the velvet vice of a woman's
vagina. Both slaves thrilled to the new perceptions, and wallowed passionately
in the surges of unadulterated lust that caused their hearts to pound and their
blood to boil.

Slave sow began to wildly plunge her penis in and out of slave piglet's latex
sex, filling him with debased pleasure and submissive lust as he felt the huge
pole ripple along the flesh of his belly, below the covering of the special
corset. After a few minutes of wild, and lecherous fornication, slave sow
squashed her full thighs together and squeezed the swollen rubber, sap filled,
testicles nestling between them. This produced a copious gush of warm, sticky
semen that flowed from the tip of her penis and inundated the latex walls of
slave piglet's false vagina. She then, with a sigh of despondency, withdrew the
penis from the firm grasp of the sleave. She dropped her face down onto the fake
pussy, now dripping with a mixture of the woman juice slave piglet had allowed
to escape, and the semen she had deposited in it. Her tongue avidly slurped up
the heady mixture which the lust crazed slave girl swallowed with equal wanton
eagerness. Once slave sow had lapped up all the sex creams from slave piglet's
facsimile female sex meat both slaves resumed their normal positions, faces
obviously flushed with excitement and humiliation, and awaited the next act of
their wedding ceremony.

The celebrant conducted a set of similar offers, this time with slave sow making
the proposals, and slave piglet accepting them. The conduct of these acts was
identical to those that preceded, except with slave sow performing as the
submissive, and slave piglet taking the initiative. Slave piglet's lust grew and
grew as he wallowed in the sensations of utter sexual depravity that kissing and
tonguing his slave lover's pretty little anus, spearing his own tight rear hole
on her rubber penis, taking her fake penis into his equally fabricated vagina,
but most of all taking the huge rubber penis into his mouth and sucking it
lewdly and drinking the spicy semen that slave sow allowed her testicles to
release gave him. While he eagerly, passionately performed each lewd and
lascivious act, slave piglet allowed his imagination to take over until his
mind, not just his body, was transformed into that of the female slut. For a
brief period he actually became female in mind and body, and revelled in the
utter shame of it.

For her part, slave sow wallowed in her submissive happiness while her lover so
obscenely used her body. While she did not transform her gender quite as
completely as slave piglet had, she, never the less, was granted an insight into
what pleasures a male could enjoy when being serviced by a slut and a harlot who
so obviously revelled, enthusiastically, in her lewd debauchery. Following the
completion of these depraved acts the bizarre celebrant continued with her
conduct of the outlandish wedding:

"Friends," She announced, "I have come to the conclusion that the depraved slut,
and the equally degenerate slave, have performed with sufficient carnal lust,
perverted debauchery, and abject servility to permit their permanent union as
slut wife and slave husband to proceed. The slaves will now approach me and
undertake the rite of consummation as I have defined. I will pronounce them
joined when they have brought me to the peak of my pleasure. Slut bride and
slave groom, you may approach me."

Slave sow and slave piglet moved to positions immediately before the standing
celebrant, who, herself, had already taken a step forward to move her amazing
body from between the altar's huge sexual icons to permit adequate access to her
astonishing charms. The two slaves stood, hearts pounding with lust and passion,
and waited for the celebrant's signal. "Begin!" She commanded. Both slaves
quickly lowered their heavily made up faces to the hermaphrodite's bulging
breasts. Each slave engulfed a nipple in their mouths, and soon their eager
tongues could be seen to be passionately lapping and laving the stiff, hot,
throbbing, crinkled meat of the teats. The celebrant enjoyed the pleasure of the
slaves' soft warm tongues on her tingling nipples for some time before
instructing, "Proceed!"

Slave sow and slave piglet dropped to their knees and waddled around to the rear
of the celebrant, who had leant her body forward slightly, to facilitate their
access to her anus. The slaves were forced to further debase themselves, even
more shamefully, in their endeavours to get their submissive tongues close
enough to worship her pungent anus. The each jammed a cheek against the flesh of
one of her buttocks, then both used the friction of their skin on that of the
celebrant to spread her fleshy mounds wide apart. Only then were the slaves able
to slowly inch their mouths forward, into the wide meaty split, until the
corners of the slaves' own mouths touched. Eventually they were able to tease
the pulsing anal ring of the celebrant with their impatient, straining tongue
tips. And with a little more effort the two wanton submissives even managed to
be able to use a full inch of their tongues in working at their debauched and
humiliating task.

The audience were able to see the perverted performance, by means of
strategically placed video cameras which beamed close-up pictures to big screen
monitors around the room, of the shamed slaves enthusiastic tongues at work.
They were treated to the obscene sight of two tongues, protruding to the fullest
extent possible from luridly painted lips, lapping and laving at the slowly
dilating pout of the celebrant's pleasure soaked anus. Both slaves, their
tongues squashed lewdly together, tried to spear the tight muscle and were quite
surprisingly successful, and the exited viewers were treated to the utterly
perverted sight of two servile tongues buried in the rectum of the hermaphrodite
at the same time, both being wriggled lasciviously to heighten the creature's
pleasure.

The celebrant displayed amazing control, given the jolts of sensual pleasure
that must have been assailing her body continuously under the erotic attack of
the two slaves' tongues on her intimate orifice. Outwardly she seemed as calm as
could be, and apart from a tiny shiver from time to time, an occasional pulse of
her erect penis, and some obvious moisture seeping from her vagina and wetting
the lips of her vulva, her body showed little reaction to what must have been
extreme stimulation. She continued to enjoy the efforts of the two slaves on her
anus for a little while longer than she had permitted them to worship her
breasts and suckle on her stiff nipples. She did, eventually, straighten up,
forcing the slaves' faces out from between her bottom cheeks and commanded,
"Complete!"

The two highly excited, and extremely aroused slaves shuffled back in front of
the hermaphrodite with utterly indecent haste. They obviously could not wait to
worship at the altar of her dual sexuality. Slave piglet, being the bride, was
required to direct the wanton attentions of his mouth to her erect penis, and
slave sow, of course, being the groom, to her moist, piquant pussy with its
quite pronounced and strongly erect clitoris. Slave piglet gazed adoringly at
the beautiful penis an inch or so away from his poised face. His singing taste
buds flooded his mouth with saliva, while his nostrils breathed in the erotic
scent of pure male sexuality that the hot hard stem with its lovely juicy glans
exuded. He leaned forward and allowed his lips to place a series of adoring
kisses on the throbbing penis, from thick, pulsing base to swollen tip, and his
brain thrilled to a fresh surge of delicious embarrassment at the submissive and
depraved picture his lewd actions must have been presenting to the watching
crowd.

At the sane time slave sow leant forward and twisted her wide torso around so
that she could insinuate her beautiful face, looking upwards, into the space
between the celebrant's spread thighs, and thus, to have her mouth with its
luridly painted lips poised less than an inch below the moist, softly drooping
lips of the celebrant's vulva. She too, experienced intense feelings of
submissive happiness when her sense of smell was flooded with the rich tart
aroma of aroused female sexuality. She then craned her face upwards and began to
tenderly kiss the soft plump lips with worshipping ardour.

Slave piglet began to lap the stiff pole of the penis with long, liquid, erotic
stokes of his warm wet tongue, sighing with wanton happiness when his taste buds
recognised a hint of the musky flavour of aroused penis. He wallowed in
lecherous joy when he finally allowed his eager tongue to wash wetly over the
satiny smooth flesh of the perfectly shaped glans, and that hint of male taste
was immediately transformed into a flood of ripe, hedonistic flavour. After
wantonly teasing the hot pulsating penis for what seemed an eon with just his
lascivious tongue, slave piglet finally surrendered to his yearning, and with a
flood of erotic and submissive elation coursing though his veins, engulfed the
smooth skinned glans in his hot, wet, and utterly adoring mouth. He drove his
ovalled lips down the length of the pulsing sex stem until its entire, stiff,
pulsating length had disappeared into his worshipping mouth, and his luridly
painted lips were stretched around its base.

Slave piglet allowed himself to wallow in the erotic joy of having his mouth and
throat packed with erect hot pulsating male sexuality. While his gulping throat
erotically massaged the head of the celebrant's pleasure filled penis, slave
piglet allowed his imagination to run wild with humiliated joy. He was, as he
should always be, longed to remain, and was elated to display openly to any who
cared to witness it, an enslaved male, obscenely transformed into a female slut,
in bondage, and on her knees, with her obscenely submissive mouth crammed with a
dominant penis which she lived to worship with every fibre of her being. Still
enthralled with the sensuous feeling of debauchery that the penis in his adoring
mouth gave him slave piglet began to move his mouth on the pulsating stem
sucking it with eager zeal, and utterly abandoned passion. He bobbing his head
up and down lewdly, and allowed his avid tongue to go absolutely wild on the hot
hard length.

While slave piglet wallowed so enthusiastically in his submissive perversity
slave sow had also began to surrender to her own equally acute longing to debase
herself, and dedicate her being to bringing pleasure to a dominant pussy. She
ploughed her long warm tongue into the hot wet split of the hermaphrodite with
consummate delight. She savoured the tart flavour of a fresh flow of, rich pussy
cream that her eager, and exquisitely talented tongue, had quickly drawn from
the celebrant's acutely stimulated sex. Slave sow feasted happily on the hot
drooling meat of the celebrant's pussy before she emulated her slave partner,
and went to work on the hermaphrodite's throbbing clitoral bud lashing the nerve
filled knob with her flying tongue with maddening accuracy and seductive skill.

The bizarre celebrant had either astonishing control over her own sexuality, or
a rare talent at both disguising her pleasure, and prolonging it. Probably a
mixture of both. The two slaves worked tirelessly on her sex flesh until slave
piglet's throat, and slave sow's tongue both ached with effort. The only
noticeable effect on the celebrant was the occasional flexing of her thighs, and
the odd tremor that rippled her firm belly. In truth, however, she was becoming
acutely excited. Her throbbing penis seemed to grow hotter and harder in slave
piglet's suctioning mouth, and her bullet like clitoris swelled and stiffened to
steely rigidity, until even slave sow's wildly flashing tongue could no longer
move it, even slightly, in the swampy sex trench.

The celebrant's two sexual organs began to climax simultaneously. Lush hot semen
began to squirt from the tip of her ecstatic penis flooding copiously into the
joyful slave piglet's gulping throat. At the same time abundant quantities of
piquant, thick pussy cream flooded her spasming sex split, and were avidly
slurped down by an equally elated slave sow. Both slaves were literally in
submissive paradise as they drank thirstily from the hermaphrodite's flowing
sexuality, and their talented mouths re-doubled their efforts in lewd attempts
to feed their yearning bellies on ever more of the juices of lust. While the
celebrant climaxed so powerfully she cried out, her voice finally betraying, to
a small extent, the ecstasy flowing through her body, "I pronounce the slut
bride and the slave groom joined in submissive wedlock. May their union be for
ever steeped in utter depravity and controlled by their absolute servility!"

After the slaves had finally drained her completely with their voracious mouths
the celebrant stepped back, and those still avid, yearning mouth suffered the
disappointment of being forced to relinquish her the satiated meat of her
sexuality. Her penis now hung, semi limp, from her mound, and partially
concealed her sated pussy. She had soon regained her cool composure and made her
final announcement, "The newly wed slaves are now required to celebrate their
union in an orgy of lascivious and debauched depravity. In keeping with their
servile status their arms will remain locked in bondage while they are engaged
in their obscene rutting. It will be the tasks of their slave attendants to
assist them when required. We, dear friends, will enjoy a celebratory feast,
while we are entertained by the rutting of the newlyweds as they try to outdo
each other in performing acts of sublime perversity for our pleasure."

While she spoke the slave attendants joined slaves piglet and sow and removed
their lace bridal veils. The celebrant concluded her address by informing slave
piglet and slave sow, "You will, of course, be permitted to be as verbally
obscene as you are to be physically depraved and debauched." With her speech
completed she moved off, causing a general drift of the club patrons to the
opulent buffet that had been prepared for the feast. While the dominants had
slaves heap their plates with delicacies the wedding party moved over to, and
mounted the display stage. As soon as they were on the circular platform it was
brilliantly lit by a number of strategically placed spotlights.

"Kneel, slave husband," Slave piglet shrilled, "I must suck your lewd arse hole.
I can't wait to get my lascivious tongue into your hot, tight man cunt!" He
dried in lust and passion. Slave sow dropped to her knees and flopped her body
forward. Slave pussy, her massive naked breasts swaying heavily, straddled the
slave and tore her voluptuous bottom cheeks apart to bare her knotty anal ring
which pulsed with hedonistic anticipation. Slave piglet also dropped to his
knees, his plump fake breasts bouncing sensually, and slid his face into the
warm fleshy cavern between slave sow's splayed buttocks. "Such a pretty man
pussy!" He squealed, girlishly, "My whore tongue just loves to taste pungent man
cunt! My slut mouth adores kissing arse ring sooooo much!"

Slave piglet glued his garishly painted lips to the dilating ring, and wetly and
passionately kissed it and teased it wantonly with his lasciviously wriggling
tongue. He thrilled with submissive elation at the sheer humiliation that
coursed through his trembling body at so willingly engaging in such a depraved
yet intimate act. He knew that his wildly lapping tongue was filling his slave
lover with untold pleasure, and this too filled his heart with happiness. He
momentarily lifted his mouth from the pulsating anus, and cried passionately,
"Darling slave, your man twat is soooo delicious, I could suck it forever! I
can't wait to fuck its hot pit with my harlot tongue!"

The excited slave dropped his pouting lips back down on the spicy tingling
orifice, and drove his tongue past the tight sphincter and deeply into the hot
pungent hole. Slave piglet savoured the slightly rancid flavours that inundated
his senses while his wriggling tongue washed the elastic walls of the writhing
hole. "Oh, slut wife," Slave sow wailed, "It's sooooo gorgeous! Your lewd and
lascivious tongue is buried so far up my wanton arsehole I can almost feel it
tickling my tonsils!" Slave piglet flushed with joy, and his agile tongue
wriggled even more tantalisingly in the hot tight confines of the zesty rectum.
He worked at giving his lover pleasure with single minded devotion for a few
minutes before his own growing passion caused him to move on.

"Turn over, slave husband!" He shrieked. "I want to suck your beautiful, sap
filled scum bags and fuck worm! I need to fill my yearning belly with your
succulent ball offal. I long to have your huge worm stretching my whore mouth
wide and feel its fat, trash drooling tip ravishing my harlot gullet!" The two
slaves attending slave sow rolled her over and each grasped one of her ankles
and wrenched her legs apart and pulled them back towards her head. This caused
slave sow's bizarre crotch with its rubber formed male sexuality to be
completely exposed to slave piglet's lust crazed eyes. He lowered his lips to
her bulging testicles and lapped and laved at their realistic skin with
lecherous elation until the tight shapely orbs glistened with a sheen of saliva.
Slave sow undulated her hips as though she was experiencing exquisite pleasure
which, despite the fact that the testicles were not part of her anatomy, she
was, to the extent that her mind told her that her adoring lover was worshipping
her.

Slave piglet set about the wanton sucking of his lover's phoney sex meat with
utterly depraved passion. He sucked the testicles for a while longer, and then
began to lick up and down the length of the stiff rubber penis with his
lasciviously lapping tongue. Slave sow reacted as if her body was being filled
with erotic ecstasy, squealing out how hot the slave's tongue was, and how much
she loved it, and what a hot, lewd slut he was. Slave piglet soon engulfed the
head of the penis in his gaping mouth, and drove his widely ovalled lips down
its thick length, burying its huge head in his gulping throat. He began to pump
his sucking mouth up and down on the hard pole with carnal and debauched
abandon. His own mind was convinced that he was sucking the real thing, and he
really didn't care that he wasn't. He was just filled with happiness at being
permitted to perform such depraved acts in front of an eager audience. He
wallowed in his absolute shame and masochistic bliss.
"Oh you deliciously wanton and perverted slut!" Slave sow cried excitedly. "Suck
my throbbing worm harder! I'm going to cum, you talented whore! Your licentious
tongue has me exploding! Squeeze my aching nuts, perverse whore! Drink my hot
nut offal! Drink it! Here it comes!" She almost shouted, completely lost in
playing her male role. Slave piglet too, entered into the absolute depravity of
their lewd performance, and his scrabbling fingers were soon grasping the
swollen rubber testicles hanging from the base of the penis he sucked with such
abandon. He squeezed the firm orbs hard, and his gaping throat was immediately
rewarded with a flood of musky semen. So much, in fact, that some of it seeped
from the corners of his sucking mouth, and dribbled obscenely down his chin.

Slave piglet sucked at the tip of the rubber penis for a few more seconds, and
then allowed it to escape his gaping mouth. To add to the visual depravity of
the display slave piglet poised his open mouth over the tip of slave sow's
realistic rubber penis and lapped it with the tip of his tongue. His fingers
squeezed the hard testicles one final time, and a thick gush of creamy semen
spewed from it over his lolling tongue. He lasciviously scooped the warm sex
cream into his avid mouth, made a show of savouring its musky ambience, and then
swallowed it with hedonistic gusto. "Oh, slut wife, you perverted harlot!" Slave
sow yelled. "Spread your legs wide! I'm going to slurp you from whorish arsehole
to lecherous, stiff woman worm. I'm going to lap your steaming gash and drown my
lewd gullet in your flood of slut cum!"

Slave piglet's two attendants wasted no time in laying his body on its back on
the floor and then dragging his ankles back until they were a couple of feet
behind his head. The long smooth lips of his facsimile vulva were spread wide
showing the glistening rubber meat of his trench, and the knob of penis flesh
that represented his clitoris. Slave sow's own attendants assisted her to kneel
between her slave lover's splayed out thighs, and she shivered with pulsing lust
while her wide eyes drank in the decadent sight that his surreal female sex
presented. She wasted no time in diving her beautiful face down onto the waiting
tableau of depravity. Her long soft wet tongue swept from slave piglet's dilated
anus to his tingling clitoris/penis tip. She sucked and tongued his anal pout
with impassioned relish, drove it eagerly into his spasming rectum, tongue
drilled his latex vagina, and laved the tingling tip of horrifically captive
penis until it, and his equally squashed testicles began to ache so fiercely
that he was almost in real pain. But the feminised slave did not care. His lust
was now uncontrollable. He no longer wanted anything except to be violated and
ravished just like a helpless, submissive female slave would, and he squealed
out his hunger to the watching crowd like a bitch on heat.

The feast went on, if not in complete indifference to the scenes of unbridled
lust and debauchery being enacted by the two crazed slaves, certainly in spite
of it. The guests ate and drank to their hearts' desires. Slave piglet squealed
in ecstasy to his lover, "Sweet slave husband, I beg you! Fuck my tight hot
little whorish arsehole with your big, beautiful worm. Rape my hot, harlot arse
pit with all your might! I'll die if I don't feel your stiff, pounding worm
stretching my rear cunt open until I spit in two! Please, slave husband, fuck
your slut bride's hot little arsehole 'til she swoons in depraved ecstasy!"

Slave piglet's two slave bridesmaids didn't have to change his position for this
action, but slave sow's two slave groomsmen had to help support her body, while
also assisting her by positioning the thick head of her rubber penis at slave
piglet's tight muscled anal ring. Slave sow did not stand on ceremony once she
saw that the thick rubber bulb was in place, rather instantly plunged it into
the hole. Slave piglet squealed girlishly while his anal ring was being so
cruelly, and abruptly stretched, and the hot tight tube of his spasming rectum
was rapidly and relentlessly filled with rigid rubber penis. His heart sang with
lust and servile joy at the unbelievable sensations of erotic depravity flooding
his senses while his beloved slave sow ravished him so completely and
mercilessly.

Both slaves were soon screeching and wailing their utter sexual elation, and
slave sow's hips were pumping like pistons, driving the enormous rubber penis in
and out of slave piglet's burning rectal chute. After a few minutes of this
frenzied activity slave sow yelled, "Here it comes, slut bride! I'm going to
dump a load of boiling ball scum into your whorish arse pit! Take it, my darling
whore. Let the depraved muscles of your harlot arse pit wring my spewing worm
dry!" While she continued to pump wildly the attending slave, pussy, reached
down and vigorously squeezed her rubber testicles. Slave piglet shrieked with
pleasure when he felt a warm sticky stream of semen beginning to drench the
walls of his clasping rectum. The erotically crazed slave reacted exactly like a
woman, at the peak of sexual ecstasy, would have in the same circumstances,
rolling and rutting his nude bottom cheeks, and squealing like a banshee.

Slave sow wrenched her long hard rubber penis from his dilated anal ring and
immediately dropped her luridly made up face into the moist valley between his
languidly swaying bottom slabs and glued her full lips to it. Her tongue drove
deeply into the semen saturated tunnel, and she sucked avidly for the pungent
juice she had just deposited there. She sucked feverishly until she had
completely drained the chute. Then she reared back onto her knees over the prone
body of her sweetheart and shouted in lust, "And now I'm going to fuck your
whore gash you gorgeous harlot! I'm going to fuck you so hard you wont be able
to walk straight for a month!" Slave piglet raised his crotch and undulated it
lasciviously while he responded with equal fervour. "Yes, slave husband! Fuck
your slut's whore cunt hard and deep! I want your fabulous worm deep in my
split! Drive its leaking head into my whorish womb and fuck the living daylights
out of me. I long for you to fuck my brains out. My thirsty harlot cunt yearns
to drain your big fat scum bags dry! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

The slave's positions did not require any real alteration, and their attendants
still supported them as before. Slave pussy, again, used the fingers of one hand
to ensure that the blunt head of slave sow's rubber penis was insinuating it
into the ragged, realistic looking latex vaginal opening pouting lewdly between
the splayed vulva lips of slave piglet's fake female sex. Again slave sow did
not hesitate, but drove the huge pole into the latex sleave. Slave piglet's
belly rippled pleasantly as the huge length of the rubber stem drove along it,
trapped under his specially designed corset, and his submissive brain buzzed
with an almost female sensation of fulfilment. The huge rubber penis flashed in
and out of the latex sleave while slave sow pumped her hips wildly, and slave
piglet's hips shook and rutted as he reacted, with appropriate passion, to his
lover's violent movements.

"Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Fuck me deep! Your huge, hot, stiff, throbbing worm is
driving me crazy with pleasure, darling slave husband! My harlot fuck sleave is
wallowing in depraved joy! My obscene cooze is cumming and cumming! Splash my
writhing whore chute with your steaming fuck scum, darling slave husband!
Please! Please!" Slave piglet shrieked in perfect simulation of a girl
approaching sexual ecstasy while her multiple orgasms began to shake her to her
core. "Oh beloved wife, you're such a hot, debauched, little slut. Your wanton
cunt pit is squeezing my throbbing fuck worm like a vice! Your juicy harlot
sleave is sucking my lust stalk life a mad vacuum cleaner! I cant hold back any
longer, you lascivious whore! Here it comes! Slave, squeeze my bloated nuts
while they blast their hot scum deep into my slut wife's harlot gash! Squeeze
the fat nuts hard! Take it all, slut wife!" The two slaves simulated orgasms
that were totally real to all who watched their debauched performance, even to
collapsing, exhausted, once their climaxes had ran their course. After catching
her breath for a couple of minutes slave sow slid down slave piglet's body,
which had sunk to the floor of the stage, and buried her face in the sex juice
swamped meat of slave piglet's still splayed rubberised vulva. She lewdly sucked
at the phoney flesh, gulping down the depraved mixture of pussy juice and semen
like a starving animal.

"Friends," The club Mistress announced. "There will be a short break in our
celebrations while my slaves clear away the buffet. For your entertainment,
while this is happening, the newly wedded slaves will be required to offer
appropriately debauched rewards to the slaves who have attended them so
diligently. I have decided that the wedded slaves will be obliged to offer their
bodies for whatever carnal purposes their attendants' decide. We will start by
finding out what the slave husband's groomsmen desire."

Slave sow's two slave groomsmen stood together in front of her submissively
kneeling form. Slave sow stared up at them with utterly subservient lust
radiating from her wide, heavily made-up eyes, and pleaded, "Adored slaves, I
thank you from the bottom of my slave being for attending to my needs during my
wedding ceremony. I offer my slave body for whatever wanton acts you decide to
have me perform for your pleasure." The two standing slaves put their heads
together for a few seconds, and the tiny, voluptuous transsexual, slave pussy,
replied to the kneeling slave sow's supplication, "Slave husband," She said, "We
want you to suck our wanton cunts and hot little arseholes, but especially our
cunts, and until they gush their sluttish juices while we cum and cum. Then we
are going to offer you our rears with our arses squashed together. We want you
to fuck our tight little arseholes, and hot, wanton cunt pits 'till, yet again,
we cum and cum. You are not to stop fucking us no matter how often we cum, until
Mistress commands you to."

As soon as slave pussy had finished slave piglet knelt before the slaves
michelle and sara. "Enchanting slaves," He cried in an entirely feminine voice,
maintaining bizarre and sexually decadent deception to the end, "My gratitude to
you for your unflagging attention to my needs during my wedding day knows no
bounds. I beg for the privilege of offering my sluttish charms to you both, to
use for your pleasure as you see fit. I will refuse no act in my endeavours to
reward you for your selfless efforts on my behalf, no matter how depraved or
demeaning that act might be. I exist solely to service your sexual yearnings!
Please, darling slaves, use your adoring slut's lewd and depraved body, I beg
you with all my heart!" Slave sara took over as spokesman for this duo, and
informed slave piglet of their requirements. While he listened slave piglet
flushed with degradation, and servile delight, "Slut bride, you will first use
your lewd mouth and lascivious tongue to suck a load of hot, creamy ball juice
from our stiff fuck stalks. We need you to suck us off, not just because we know
how much you love to suck off hot hard juicy pricks and drink steaming ball
scum, but rather because we want your hot, whorish little arsehole, and sloppy,
drooling, harlot cunt pit to have to work extra hard to pleasure our pricks, and
extract fresh loads of boiling prick sludge from them, while we squash your lewd
body in a hot fuck sandwich!"

Slave piglet thrilled with increased lust, and his severely captive genitals
were now aching terrifically. Slave sow already had her beautiful face buried in
the juncture of slave pussy's thighs, and her long wet tongue was lasciviously
whipping the transsexual's stiff little clitoris. While slave sow worked her
lascivious tongue on one clitoris the other slave delved her fingers into her
own smooth wet vulva and pinched and pulled at the erect spike of her throbbing
clitoris, while she waited for her turn to experience the exquisite pleasure of
slave sow's eager tongue teasing it for her pleasure. Slave piglet knelt before
his two slave attendants while they both reached down with tiny keys and
awkwardly removed the little padlocks that connected the rings behind the heads
of their penises to similar ones piercing the skin behind their testicles.

Both the slaves, looking so depraved with their obviously fake breasts hanging
from their hairless chests, both sighed with happiness when their penises were
allowed to hang free, between their hairless thighs. Slave piglet shuddered with
slavish joy when his eyes were able to drink in the sexually humiliating sight
of the penises he would soon be debasing himself by sucking so lecherously. He
moved his head towards slave sara's penis first. His painted mouth gaped open,
and his long tongue shot out of it and scooped up the ripe head of the still
quite limp penis into its warm, wet depths. Slave piglet's excited body glowed
with delicious shame while he allowed his eager mouth and lascivious tongue to
tenderly, and sensually suckle the softish male sex meat. His submissive elation
grew while he used his lips to coax more and more of the limp tube into his avid
mouth, until his painted lips were pressed firmly into pale smooth skin of the
slave's smooth crotch. He then began to tease the slowly stiffening pole with
his clever, and utterly lascivious tongue while using his gulping throat to
massage its thick swelling head.

Slave sara could not withstand such erotic expertise for long, and soon his
penis was stiff and throbbing, and filled slave piglet's adoring mouth
completely. When full erection was achieved the excited slave allowed the rock
hard pole of male sexuality to escape his voracious mouth, and arch up the belly
of the highly aroused slave. He transferred his wanton attentions to the penis
of slave michelle. Soon the talented slave had this stalk standing too, hard and
throbbing between the slave's trembling thighs. He leant his body back on to his
heels to survey the results of his talented mouth, and sighed with submissive
happiness at the sight of the two sizeable erections standing so sexily, and so
lewdly framed by garters, garter belt and stocking tops. He glanced up at the
faces of the two slaves and allowed his lips to part in a lascivious grin while
he lapped at his luridly painted lips with the tip of his tongue. He paused for
a moment, as if caught in a dilemma as to which of the lovely penises to service
first, and then allowed his gaping mouth to envelop slave sara's throbbing stalk
which he immediately sucked down deep into the back of his gulping throat.

Meanwhile slave sow's eager mouth had already sucked slave pussy to shattering
orgasm, and her insatiable mouth and tongue was well on the way to extracting an
equally explosive climax from the dripping pussy of the other slave. The heavily
panting slave pussy's huge breasts rose and fell on her slender torso while she
watched slave sow work, and gathered her own breath. Slave sow's long tongue
ploughed deeply into the swamp of the slave's drooling vulva, and its insistent
tip lashed the tip of the erect spike of her pulsating clitoris until her body
erupted in a fit of sexual ecstasy. The two slaves wasted no time in rearranging
their bodies so that they were on their knees, facing away from slave sow. They
had their bare bottoms wedged together, and their dipping vulvas, and lewdly
winking anal pouts obscenely presented for slave sow to service with her long
hard rubber penis.

Slave piglet's hot wet mouth bobbed up and down on slave sara's throbbing penis
with ever increasing erotic abandon. Slave sara's thighs began to shudder, and
his smooth belly to quiver, while the level of his pleasure rose to its mind
blowing peak. He squealed with ecstasy when his pulsating penis surrendered to
the exquisite talents of slave piglet's perverted maw. While his penis squirted
jet after jet of hot creamy semen into the kneeling slave's elated mouth, and
wave after wave of sexual ecstasy flooded his flushed body, slave piglet, his
own state of mind dominated by his fabulous humiliation, closed his lips around
the spurting penis as if his very life depended on him not spilling a single
drop of its gushing semen. His throat gulped madly as he strove to swallow the
thick, steaming juice flooding his mouth, and inundating his tingling taste buds
with the pungent flavour of raw male sexuality.

When the slave's climax had run its course slave piglet set to work to ensure
that his hungry mouth drained every drop of its creamy issue. He then allowed
his mouth to relinquish the sated, and semi limp tube and awkwardly insinuated
his face into the fleshy crack between the slave's plump bottom cheeks. As soon
as he was able, he stiffened his long tongue and drove it past the slave's tight
sphincter and deeply into his hot rectal passage. Slave piglet used his deeply
buried tongue to vigorously massage the slave's prostate, and within thirty
seconds slave sara's sated penis was once again rock hard and throbbing. Slave
piglet then transferred his attentions to slave michelle. He quickly engulfed
his pulsating erection and began to suck it with a fervour equal to that he had
used when fellating slave sara.

While slave piglet was so perversely engaged in fellating the penises of his two
slave attendants slave sow had been busy violating the tight anuses of her two
aides with her rubber penis. The enormous fake penis stretched their strongly
muscled rings savagely whenever slave sow plunged it into their hot rectums, and
they squealed their pain\pleasure with each deliciously cruel invasion. After a
time the two kneeling slaves were finding it increasingly difficult to keep the
bottoms still enough to facilitate slave sow's easy access to their ravished
anuses. It was then that slave sow altered course, and began to plunge her
rubber penis into their dripping, acutely aroused pussies.

When slave piglet had slave michelle's thighs quivering with imminent orgasm he
allowed his penis to escape his mouth, to give the viewers what he prayed would
be an even more depraved sight of his sexual shame and degradation. His mouth
gaped close to the jerking penis, and his lascivious tongue lashed the satiny
skin of its hugely swollen and pleasure soaked glans. The audience was treated
to the tremendously licentious spectacle of long streams of viscous white semen
spurting strongly from the tip of the slave's orgasming penis and cascading over
slave piglet's lewdly wriggling tongue which, in turn after each powerful
ejaculation, guided the flowing cream into the back of his throat, there to be
savoured before the bobbing of his throat signalled that it had been swallowed.
In similar fashion to what he had done to slave sara to revive his flagging
lust, slave piglet, after using his avid lips to drain his penis utterly dry,
drove his seemingly tireless tongue deeply into slave michelle's clasping anus,
and titillated his writhing prostate until the slave's penis too, was again
erect.

The two slaves immediately dropped to their knees on either side of the
lasciviously smiling slave piglet, whose lascivious tongue was busy lapping the
dregs of semen from around his lips, that had somehow managed to escape his
thirsty maw while he had fellated the slaves. It was soon obvious that slave
michelle had drawn the short straw, which meant she would be using his false
vagina, and slave sara was to be treated to the exquisite pleasure of
experiencing the talents of his clever arsehole on his raging erection. Slave
michelle lay on his back with his legs wide open and his stiff, hot penis
arching up from his shaven crotch. Slave sara then assisted slave piglet into
position over slave michelle's sprawled nudity. He reached down between their
thighs and grabbed the stem of his colleague's hot penis and placed its
dribbling head against the latex opening of slave piglet's facsimile vagina.
Slave piglet then dropped his hips and allowed the bar of throbbing sex pole
ooze into his fake pussy hole.

He immediately concentrated on rippling the muscles of his belly, and slave
michelle was pleasantly surprised at the almost surreal realism his latex sleave
imparted on his pumping penis. Slave sara wasted no time in parting slave
piglet's smooth skinned bottom cheeks, and driving his erection deeply into the
slave's hot tight anal orifice. Soon both slaves were pumping wildly at slave
piglet whose own hips gyrated promiscuously. The feminised slave lost himself in
the delightfully decadent sensations of being ravished anally and vaginally at
the same time. His fevered mind almost forgot that he was a male in his
burgeoning lust. But the now pronounced ache in his hopelessly cramped genitals
was a constant reminder to him, if buried deeply in his subconscious. He
concentrated on enjoying the depraved rutting he was engaged in and thrilled to
the two hot penises so powerfully reaming out his sexuality.

It was soon apparent that slave sow had deposited all of the remaining semen in
her rubber testicles into the sex holes of the two slaves she had so wantonly
serviced, for she had withdrawn her long penis and was busily engaged in
re-emptying all four of those holes with her ever eager, and utterly licentious
tongue and insatiably thirsty mouth. Slave piglet soon thrilled to the
sensations of hot spurting semen flooding his churning rectum, not to mention
the sleave of his false vagina, while he and slave michelle's mouth were glued
together in a searing kiss, and slave sara's tongue was busy erotically washing
out one of his sensitive ears.
Once the slaves orgasms had ebbed the club Mistress taking over from the
hermaphrodite celebrant made an announcement:

"I'm sure my slaves, and those of the other Mistress' have been delighted with
the pleasures our wedded chattels have lavished on them, don't you, dear
friends? But now is the time for the dancing to begin. The bride and groom, of
course, will lead off, as is traditional. They will, indeed, be allowed to dance
together for the rest of the night, as much for our entertainment, I assure you,
as for their pleasure. While the band sets up I will command their slave
attendants to administer to their requirements one more time." There was a quiet
buzz of renewed excitement around the room as the guests pondered on what new,
more sexually decadent activity  the newly weds engage in that would prove to be
as entertaining, and sensually deviant as what had gone on so far. Some, of
course already knew, but a considerable number of the guests, including the
bizarre celebrant herself, had no idea that the sexes of the two slaves had been
so cleverly interchanged.

Slaves piglet and sow were led, by their nude and sated attendants, to the
centre of the club's small dance floor. The binders encasing their arms were
then unlaced, special care being taken with slave sow's to prolong the illusion
of her male gender right up to the last. Two chains hung from the ceiling above
the slaves, and their wrist cuffs were first clipped together and then their
arms were raised and the cuffs attached to the hanging chains. The height of the
chains was then adjusted until the slaves arms were stretched high over their
heads, and their feet were only just able to touch the floor. If any of the
viewing audience had have bothered to notice they would have found it strangely
curious that the 'male' slave's arms, now stretched up over his head, looked to
be out of all proportion to his hugely muscular torso. Had they have wondered
why, they were about to find out.

While slave sow's two attendants set about unstrapping her chest adornment
slaves sara and michelle, their sated penises still hanging limply, free,
between their slender thighs, armed themselves with tubes of special solvent,
and damp cloths, and approached slave piglet's stretched out torso. They went to
work removing the perfect breasts from his chest, cleaning the body make-up from
his skin as they went. All attending slaves were careful to keep what they were
doing from the expectant audience. As soon has the savagely restricting straps
had been removed from slave sow's chest, releasing the huge masses of her
enormous breasts, her attendants massaged the massive mounds until all the marks
of their recent cruel constriction were removed. As soon as all slaves were
satisfied a silent signal seemed to pass between them and, with a flourish, they
stood back to reveal the chests of their respective charges.

A ripple of applause erupted from all around the room, accompanied by a buzz of
astonished excitement from those who had not known. The two slaves' bodies,
hanging by their wrists, were fully displayed. On slave piglet's chest, where
just before there had hung to large, alluring breasts of unequalled realism, now
all that was evident were the finally defined pectorals of a fit, healthy young
male. But just as unbelievable, what had once been the massively muscled chest
of a dedicated body builder, had become the slender torso of a girl from which
protruded a pair of lush, stiff nippled breasts of truly monumental proportions.
The two slaves basked in the reflected glory of the total success of their
astonishing deception, slave sow slowly undulating her shoulders so that her
enormous, creamy skinned breasts with their large stiff nipples, wobbled
erotically.

The attending slaves allowed the audience time to fully appreciate what they
were seeing, still expressing their disbelief before they, once again, obscured
their charges from view, this time concentrating on their crotches, and, in the
case of slave piglet, slave sara quickly moved behind him an unlaced the lower
part of his tight corset before joining slave michelle in obscuring his front
from view. The slaves worked quickly removing slave sow's false penis, and slave
piglet's rubber vulva. They wasted no time in rapidly cleaning the make-up and
body glue from the slaves' hairless crotches and then again stood back to allow
the guests to gaze in amazement at the results of their toil.

The applause was both louder, and more prolonged when the viewers saw the
results. Slave sow's seemingly thin, underdeveloped vulva was covered with
strips of transparent adhesive tape making it clearly visible, though still
clearly constricted. The long thin stem of slave piglet's penis, still firmly
encased in its narrow latex tube hung down between his spread thighs. His
tightly compressed testicles hardly bulged at all, and were almost invisible at
the base of the incredibly thin stem. After a couple minutes the slaves again
moved into position before their respective charges. This time, however, they
did not hide what they were doing from the guests, after all, the secret was
out, the erotic deception had been dissolved.

Slave sow's attendants soaked her crotch in a solution that loosened the hold of
the strips of tape on the skin of her compacted vulva lips. As soon as the
solvent had worked its magic the slaves began to peel the tapes away from slave
sow's pussy. The beautiful slave's sex lips swelled quickly almost as soon as
the pressure on them was eased, and the slaves assisted this process by
vigorously massaging them as soon as they had been freed. The cute slave pussy
could not contain herself, and buried her face in the pussy she had just
assisted to expose. He tongue lapped at it feverishly, and soon had its clitoris
stiff, and its juices flowing profusely. When she reluctantly withdrew her
mouth, lips glistening with fragrant pussy juice, she revealed slave sow's
stunningly beautiful sex, dripping and aroused, its fat lips gaping lewdly,
between her beautiful, full thighs.

While all this was happening slave sara and slave michelle both knelt between
slave piglet's spread thighs. Slave sara pinched that knob of bare flesh at the
very tip of slave piglet's glans that had been used to form the clitoris of his
facsimile female sex, and drew it up his trembling belly so that the incredibly
minuscule latex pouch that contained his testicles was completely exposed. Slave
michelle the used a scalpel to carefully slit open that tiny latex pouch. Slave
piglet's testicles flopped out of the rubber bag and hung, still looking quite
shrivelled for a few seconds. Slave michelle then began to bat the hanging eggs
quite vigorously with her fingers for a few more seconds, to help free them up
after their period of tight imprisonment. When he stopped the viewers watched in
astonished amazement. It was as so someone was blowing slave piglet's testicles
up like balloons. The orbs began, slowly at first, but then with increasing
speed, to swell and fill until they were back to something like their normal fat
bloated state, tight in their smoothly shaven bag.

Slave michelle then, with equal caution, slit the entire length of the latex
tube that trapped the stem of slave piglet's penis, from base to tip. The flesh
of slave piglet's penis burst from its tight confinement, and the thin latex
tube fell away from the limp organ and drifted down to the floor. Slave sara
allowed the long stalk to drop from her fingers and it flopped down over slave
piglet's now bloated testicles. But it did not remain that way for long. Slave
piglet sighed with pleasure and growing wanton lust, and hot blood literally
poured into his newly freed penis. The long organ inevitably began its journey
back up to where it had been held a mere few seconds before by slave sara's
fingers. It swelled and thickened as if it possessed a mind of its own. It
described a slow, but relentless arc as it first lengthened, and then grew out
from the slave's crotch. Soon the pressure of the blood filling the tube began
to cause its fat head to rise. The mighty glans continued it upwards journey
until it capped a pole of incredible hardness and thickness that throbbed wildly
and stood, proud and vertical up from slave piglet's trembling crotch.

Slave piglet gazed down at his massive erection, and revel in the floods of lust
coursing through his nude body. The slave was so proud of his massive penis, and
especially adored being permitted to exhibit it in throbbing erection in public.
The mixture of sensations that filled his psyche, the utter humiliation at such
lewd public display of his wanton depravity, the constant sexual pleasure that
flowed from the throbbing penis to engulf his senses, and, of course, the
absolute ecstasy of his submissiveness (As he so well remembered the humiliating
occasion when Mistress Lotta had forced him to cry out to a group of startled
women, to whom she had compelled him to expose himself, with his penis free and
erect, to. Once the group had accepted what he was doing, and had with some
persuasion on his part, they agreed not to summon the police and have him
arrested. He clearly remembered his anguished voice, filled with inhuman lust,
and surreal degradation howling, 'Magnificent Mistresses, I am slave piglet,
sexual and bondage slave to my worshipped Mistress Lotta. She has trained me to
be an utterly depraved sex slut completely owned by, and subservient to her
every whim. This long, fat, obscene worm sprouting from my wanton fork before
you throbs with lust at my Mistress' command. I am filled with happiness, sweet
Mistresses, at being permitted to exhibit my wanton depravity and utter
submissive perversity, in the form of my lewd stiff and hotly pulsating worm, to
you for you visual enjoyment.).

When both slaves bodies had been totally revealed in their glorious nudity two
of the attending slaves retrieved a harness of thin leather straps from a
storage cupboard at the rear of the dance floor. They wrapped both slaves'
waists in thin straps then, to the absolute delight of the two standing slaves,
grasped slave piglet's throbbingly erect penis and manoeuvred it until it was
able to sink into the hot, wet, convulsing sleave of slave sow's rippling
vagina, to the very hilt. They then strapped the slaves' thighs loosely
together. When they had finished their task slave piglet and slave sow faced
each other with their arms trapped high over their heads. Slave piglet's huge
penis was buried deeply up the vagina of his lover, and the straps around their
hips and thighs allowed only about eight inches of play, ensuring that slave
piglet's penis could not be fully withdrawn from his sweetheart's clasping
vagina, not, of course, that either slave would have wanted it to, but clearly
would the long, thick slab of male sexuality to move freely in the licentious
grasping embrace of slave sow's hot, silky, highly stimulated vagina.

The music started almost immediately after the attending slaves had left the
floor. Slave piglet and slave sow began to undulate their hips, as much as the
straps restricting them would allow, and glued their mouths together in a
searing kiss. Wave after wave of exquisite sexual ecstasy shook the wildly
gyrating bodies of the lewdly rutting slaves, while their sensual and abandoned
movements caused slave piglet's stiff, hot, wildly pulsating penis to plough in
and out of slave sow's clasping, spasming vagina. Slave sow was the first to
break their passionate kiss, and she whispered out her utter joy into an ear she
tongued with erotic fervour, "Oh, darling piglet! I am in heaven! You beautiful,
gorgeous, hot stiff worm is finally home, in the warm loving embrace of my lewd,
ecstatic, flooded cunt pit! My cunt pit adores your magnificent worm! Its
wanton, rippling walls can't hug your ravishing fuck stalk hard enough! Please!
Please! Darling piglet! Chew my throbbing teats while my harlot gash explodes
with pleasure, and drenches your exquisite worm in a flood of hot, creamy slut
juice!"

The out of control slave girl somehow managed to wrap her legs around the
pumping hips of her pleasure filled lover, and threw her head back, allowing
slave piglet the room necessary to lower his head to the massive mounds of her
magnificent breasts, and to suck each of her huge, stiff, throbbing nipples into
his lust crazed mouth. He sucked and chewed at the rubbery nipple meat with
insane fervour, and this sent slave sow over the edge, into absolute ecstasy.
She shrieked out her pleasure while her climax exploded, much to the delight of
the couples who were, by this time, dancing around the fornicating slaves. Her
convulsing vagina closed around slave piglet's pounding penis like a velvet
vice. Its wildly spasmimg muscles contracted and relaxed in staccato rhythm on
the throbbing stalk, completely out of the beautiful slave girl's control while,
orgasm after orgasm racked her shuddering nudity.

Slave piglet whimpered in utter frustration, an the edge of orgasm, but unable
to achieve it. Slave sow's legs finally collapsed from around slave piglet's
churning hips, and fell back dow to the floor. Her vaginal canal rippled
sensuously on the swollen, rock hard, penis it still clasped strongly. Slave sow
gasped into slave piglet's ear, "Oh sweet piglet, I came so hard I thought I
would die from pleasure. You fuck me so gorgeously that I can't control my lewd,
harlot, twat sleave at all. It just comes and comes whenever its filled with
your beautiful, beautiful big, hot worm, it adores it so. I love you so much,
piglet, it hurts my heart, and sends my cunt into a frenzy of insatiable lust.
I'm starting to cum again sweet piglet!" She gasped, aroused again by the
relentless movement of her slave lover's huge penis in her churning vagina, and
trying vainly to crush her stiff, throbbing clitoris into his pelvic bone with
each plunge. "Come with me, darling, please come with me!" she shuddered
passionately.

Slave piglet whimpered in her ear, almost beside himself with the intensity of
his arousal, "I can't, sweet sow! I can't see my icon! My worm won't spit until
I can see it! I'm so sorry! I adore you more than life itself! My worm exists to
pleasure your exquisite cunt pit and wallows in utter ecstasy in its fierce
embrace! But it won't spit unless Mistress allows it! Please forgive me adored
sow! I'm so ashamed sweet, sweet slut! My heart is breaking with sorrow at not
being able to please you! Please let your wanton twat punish my worm by
tormenting it with exquisite erotic torment while you use it to give you the
pleasure you deserve!"

Slave sow's heart was breaking with sympathy for the plight of her lover. But
her writhing vagina had a mind of its own, and the throbbing spike of her
clitoris was equally insistent. She had to come. Her debauched psyche demanded
it. And she came and came, her heart exploding with ecstasy at the same time as
it ached with hurt that her love could not be sharing her joy. Her hips
undulated wildly, her vagina spasmed and contracted madly around the hard hot
stem of her lover's rigid penis, and her clitoris throbbed out its ecstasy. She
glued her mouth to her lover's and their soft warm tongues entwined sensuously
while slave sow's body shook and shuddered with wave after wave of sheer
unadulterated sexual debauchery.

Slave piglet's body trembled with frustrated lust while his throbbing penis
ploughed into the hot, drenched sleave of his love's clasping vagina. His
tormented pole of lust teetered on the edge of orgasm, but could not cross that
exquisite barrier. Slave sow's next climax began to build, despite her mental
efforts to delay it to ease, if even in such a small way, her adored lover's
erotic torment. She was, however, unable to control the burgeoning lust that
accompanied the incessant pumping of slave piglet's wonderful penis in her
pleasure soaked sex hole.

Slave piglet's wildly staring eyes suddenly picked out Mistress Lotta and Master
Frederick dancing among the other erotically clad revellers. Mistress Lotta's
back was to him, and Master Frederick had brushed aside the folds of her erotic
costume and his large black hands were cupping, and sensually caressing the pure
white globes of her voluptuous, bare bottom cheeks. The two dominants' mouths
were locked in a passionate kiss. Just when slave piglet was about to throw his
head back to scream out his frustration while slave sow's clasping sex orgasmed
around his throbbing penis for the third time, Mistress Lotta turned her partner
around. Slave piglet's anguished scream was transformed into a shriek of utter
ecstasy as his mighty penis erupted, gushing copious quantities of steaming
semen into the depths of slave sow's convulsing vagina. His cries of ecstatic
lust were soon matched by those of his sweet sow, when she realised that her
lover's boiling essence was pouring into her climaxing sleave, increasing the
intensity of her own orgasm tenfold.

The dancers all paused to watch the utterly debauched performance, hugely
enjoying slave piglet's shame as he howled out his utterly degrading
supplication to the ornate shoe hanging from a belt around Master Frederick's
waist while semen jetted from the tip of his penis in a series of magnificent
ejaculations, and slave sow's vaginal cavern was flooded with the heady mixture
of the juices of their pleasure. Mistress Lotta smiled mockingly at her
climaxing slave, and then, cruelly, spun her partner around, and caused the
hallowed shoe to disappear from his line of sight. Slave piglet squealed loudly
as the fresh surge of semen already streaking up his penis stopped and,
completely beyond his control, was forced back down the throbbing stem and into
his swollen testicles which seemed to squirm and flex visibly at the base of his
buried organ.

"Oh piglet! Oh piglet! Oh my darling, sweet piglet!" Slave sow gasped. "When I
realised your gorgeous worm was gushing I almost fainted with ecstasy! I came so
hard stars exploded in my brain!" The two slaves' hips still undulated
erotically in time with the music, and slave sow's clasping vagina soon had
slave piglet's penis rock hard and throbbing with renewed lust. "Isn't it just
delicious, darling sow," Slave piglet panted. "My lewd worm feels like its
swimming in an ocean of hot creamy slut juice and scum bag offal. I just love
it. I pray that Mistress will allow it to spit again. My perverted fuck worm so
adores vomiting its creamy scum into your hot tight little whore pit, my darling
slut. I love you so my darling sow!"

While the panting slaves continued to perform to the music they were approached
by the petite Miseres Desire. She, of course, had her cute, transsexual slave,
pussy, now completely naked, crawling along behind her with her massive breasts
swaying, and her pretty bottom cheeks mincing wantonly with her lewdly demeaning
gait. After contemplating the debauched performance of the fornicating slaves
for a few seconds Mistress desire spoke to her own chattel, "You may have the
little reward I promised you, little slut. Quickly now, for I'm getting horny
again, and I want you to feed Master David's big hot prick into my cunt again.
This time I'll let you suck my clitty while he fucks me, instead of having to
make do with just licking at his swinging balls and dipping your lascivious
little mouth prick into his hot arsehole."

No sooner had her Mistress finished speaking than slave pussy was already
crouched below the revolving groins of the rutting slaves. He pretty face was
raised to their dripping crotches, and her excited eyes were drinking in the
deliciously depraved sight of a huge stiff penis plunging in and out of a lust
swollen and dripping pussy. Slaves piglet and sow were soon sighing with
pleasure while the lascivious tongue of slave pussy lapped erotically at their
sexually joined crotches. The lewd little vixen's voracious mouth slurped up the
issue of their mighty orgasms with wanton eagerness. She tongued the tight,
swollen testicles at the base of slave piglet's flashing penis until the
hairless orbs shone with her saliva rather than the sticky musky mixtures of the
slaves' semen and pussy juices. Her benevolent Mistress allowed the wanton
submissive to feast on the flowing liquids of sexual lust for a few minutes
before snapping, "Come, slut! I cant wait any longer!"

Slave pussy reluctantly dropped back to her hands and knees, her tongue
lasciviously licking her painted lips clean of rich pungent sex cream, while she
crawled lewdly along behind her Mistress. The celebration dance went on for the
next five hours. The revellers, of course, were able to rest and relax from time
to time, but not the two slaves. Their hips grew tired and their joints began to
ache savagely as they kept up the constant undulation of their crotches while
the music played for hour after hour. After the first three hours had passed
both slaves hung by their wrists almost exclusively, their legs no longer able
to support them. But still the leather harness ensured that slave piglet's penis
remained buried deeply in his lover's clasping vaginal sleave.

The long thick lust pole maintained its erection throughout, partly due to slave
piglet's insatiable lust, but also through the constant squeezing and erotic
massage inflicted upon its pulsing length by the seemingly inexhaustible energy
of slave sow's erotically talented vaginal canal. From time to time a Mistress
or a Master would approach them with a slave in tow, and that slave, sometimes
male and sometimes female, would bury its face in their rutting crotches and
slurp up the juices that poured from their joined sex meat. On a few occasions
the lewdly fornicating slaves were treated to the exquisite pleasures of having
the soft warm tongues of the two slaves obscenely spearing the tight rings of
their anuses while they rutted.

By the time the music finally stopped, and the party began to break up, slave
sow was utterly exhausted, and if it was at all possible, her slack pussy was
fully sated. She had long since lost count of the number of shattering orgasms
that had shook her hanging body. Her pussy ached from excess, but she wallowed
happily in her consummate depravity. Her heart was filled with submissive bliss,
and pounded with love for her beloved slave piglet. For his part, slave piglet
too was totally exhausted. His penis was rubbed raw and his utterly drained
testicles ached terribly. He had never felt so sexually spent in his life, not
even after the night of records. His Mistress had exposed his cum icon to him
six more times during the course of the evening, and his penis had ejaculated
each time with a force that almost caused him to faint with pleasure. In fact he
was sure that he had slipped into ecstasy induced unconsciousness a couple
times, and was thankful for the chains that supported his body not allow it to
collapse, embarrassingly to the floor.

When the harness was unstrapped from the slaves hips, and slave piglet's penis
finally allowed to slip from the fleshy grasp on his lover's sated pussy, it
still stood almost fully erect, albeit not as hard as normal, and was almost
scarlet in colour. The drained testicles at its base were no longer tight and
full, however, and no longer rode, smooth and bloated at the base of the thick
stem. Now they appeared shrunken, and hung loosely down between his thighs.
Slave sow's pussy was red and swollen, but the full lips were soft and pulpy
rather than full and firm with arousal, and her clitoris, still exposed from its
folds of protective skin, was actually limp.

The slaves wrists were unshackled and it took what remained of their energy to
stop them from flopping down onto the floor in un-slave-like heaps. Someone
locked up slave sow's sex while slave piglet's chastity belt was strapped onto
his body. The slaves dominators took over their charges and they were hustled
down to the underground parking lot, and packed into the trunks of their
respective cars for the trip to their homes. It must be said that the feelings
of heartache that each of the two slaves experienced at being separated was
matched by the relief that they felt at being able to relax and rest their
exhausted bodies after the extremes of sexual excess that had been their lot for
almost sixteen straight hours.




Chapter 16 - The Exile

Over the ensuing months Mistress Lotta's treatment of her slave became
increasingly cruel. Not cruel physically, of course, for that was not her style,
but rather in her almost disinterested attention to his inherent needs. She
treated him more and more like a piece of furniture, to be used and discarded,
tolerated, but not fulfilled. Indeed, she had even taken to using other slaves
for her pleasure and entertainment in his presence, even to the point of
allowing them to fornicate with her while she taunted slave piglet with lurid
descriptions of her excitement. It was clear that while Mistress Lotta continued
to closely control her slave, she now saw him as a possession, not as a living
human. She hardly ever allowed him sexual release in any form any more. In
short, she had moved on, and had not taken slave piglet with her in the sense
that he needed.

The two rarely ever went to the Club any more. Slave piglet had proved his
capacity beyond any doubt to the members of that establishment. Indeed he was
not really all that welcome there any more because other slaves were not able to
match his performance, and the resultant jealousies created considerable
friction mong the members, both slaves and dominants. Mistress Lotta did,
however, use slave piglet's talents to supplement her income from time to time.
More about these activities later.

For his part, slave piglet became disillusioned with his lot. He needed the
constant humiliation his Mistress had heaped on him from the beginning of their
bizarre relationship. When it became evident that she no longer wished to cater
to these needs with the same relentlessness a void was created in his life which
left him both unhappy and resentful. Slave piglet was even more distressed by
the fact that he was so rarely permitted to see his beloved sow. In fact the
only time the two slaves were permitted to spend together was when they were
used to earn money for their respective owners. Slave piglet had not been
permitted to bury his penis into any of slave sow's sensual orifices since the
night of their wedding.

Slave piglet eventually took to secretly masturbating, albeit to no yearned for
climax. Mistress Lotta, supreme in her arrogance, did not even realise that this
was going on. Had she have been paying attention to her slave she would have
noted that his testicles swelled more than they should have had he merely
remained celibate. So it was not until she actually caught him at it that she
finally realised that their bond was broken for ever. Even then, of course, she
bore no responsibility for the breakdown in discipline, and blamed the slave
totally. Her anger was uncontrollable but she did not resort to physical abuse.
Rather she went about banishing slave piglet, not only from her presence, but
also from the presence of all of the culture in the country.

It could not be certain what triggered the final breakdown but the straw that
broke the camel's back was surely the news that Master Frederick had exiled
slave sow for admitting that she loved slave piglet more that she loved him.
Mistress Lotta took great sadistic pleasure in informing slave piglet of the
fall from grace of his beloved, emphasising the fact that he, slave piglet,
would never again see his slave lover. This news broke slave piglet's heart, and
was the main reason he took to his secretive self abuse, in much the same
fashion as a normal person might take to drinking in the face of devastating
adversity. Even if he didn't realise it, he was probably trying to suffer the
same fate as slave sow when he began these clandestine activates.

But to get back to the ways slave piglet was used to supplement Mistress Lotta's
income. She had taken to transforming slave piglet into a woman in the manner
that accompanied his bizarre wedding, and then putting him to work in brothels
where she had an interest. Sometimes she used slaves from the club to prepare
him for this service, and on other occasions, she forced him to masturbate
himself dry before preparing his own body. For his part slave piglet enjoyed
these nights of lust and debauchery where he would service customer after
customer with arsehole, mouth or fake pussy. At least he was able to savour the
humiliation and degradation of performing as a harlot.

The slave was especially overjoyed on the rare occasions when he was made to
perform as a slut in Mistress Lotta's exclusively lesbian brothel for these were
the only times he was permitted to see his beloved sow. They were frequently
used to put on displays of lesbian lust and depravity for the entertainment of
the brothel's clientele and he was able to experience the exquisite pleasure of
tasting the pungent creams that his slave lover's gorgeous pussy surrendered to
his talented tongue. These were not, however, frequent occasions, and slave
piglet's heart broke each time he and his stunning lover were separated after
each.

It was, however, after one such occasion, albeit a different one, that slave
piglet's self abuse activity was discovered. Bot slave piglet and slave sow had
been put to work in a particularly seedy whore house that Master Frederick had
an interest in. Slave piglet had not been made up in the fashion of a woman for
this service. Rather he wore a particularly frilly and feminine set of hose and
garter belt, with his face made up like a street harlots, and his penis and
testicles captured by his latex chastity. He was to spend his time as a slave
attendant to his lover, and a cleanser for her many customers. Needless to say
slave piglet was forced to watch his adorable sweetheart taken by multitudes of
men, her pussy, her mouth and even her arsehole being relentlessly used by the
clients, and he only able to look on in frustration, his captive sex churning
with the tight latex confines of his bizarre chastity, much to the delight and
amusement of the clients.

To describe such an event, four huge, muscular negroes chose to use slave sow.
The group moved off to one of the brothel's private rooms with the gloriously
nude slave sow leading slave piglet along by means of a leash attached to his
slave collar. Slave piglet crawled along behind her, savouring his humiliation
as much as he did the alluring sight of her mincing buttocks and huge swaying
breasts. When they all arrived at their destination one of the men explained
what the procedure was to be.

He explained that they had been on an oil rig out on the ocean for the past six
months, and had had no sexual contact whatsoever in that time, so they were
primed for a good night. Each of them was to empty his testicles into each of
slave sow's receptive holes of lust. Slave piglet's duties were to keep the man
not engaged amused, and excited with his servile mouth and, on each occasion
that one of them climaxed he was to clean up whichever of slave slow's orifices
that had been used at that time. Slave piglet shivered with a mixture of
delicious embarrassment and expectant lust at the thought of sucking so many
penises for so long, not to mention savouring the ambience of their rich,
pungent climaxes. His strictly imprisoned sexuality churned helplessly against
the stretched latex of his chastity pouch. For her part slave sow revelled in
the prospect for, not withstanding her deep love for he slave lover, she was
addicted to wanton lust, and could not wait to have her tender sex meat invaded
by so much hot stiff, throbbing penis.

The four massive negroes undressed while their leader was talking. Both slave
sow, and slave piglet's hearts pounded with lust when they revealed that they
were hung as members of their race were reputed to be. Each possessed a huge
black penis with a set of equally enormous, and obviously sap filled testicles.
As soon as they were nude they drew lots to see who would be first to use slave
sow. The three lucky ones soon grabbed firm hold of her plush nudity and slave
piglet watched jealously as one enormous penis drilled his darling's tight
arsehole, filling her to the hilt, while another, equally immense, hot, and
pulsating man stalk plunged deeply into her wildly spasming pussy, and finally,
the third throbbing organ was thrust into her gaping mouth, and driven deeply
into her welcoming gullet.

Slave piglet's cheeks flushed with shame as the fourth of the group grabbed his
hair and thrust his heavily made up face into his groin. Slave piglet sniffed at
the musky aroma that the semi aroused male sexuality exuded, then snaked his
long, agile tongue out and began to lap and lave at the hot, hairy skin of the
man's enormous scrotum, tasting the luscious flavours of male sexuality. The
sounds of unbridled lust filled his ears and his clever tongue was soon teasing
the growing erection of the man, while he was able to catch odd glimpses of the
penises his darling slave lover was so lasciviously servicing, plunging in and
out of her holes of depravity with complete lustful abandon.

By the time a roar of ecstasy heralded the first of the rutting men's climax
slave piglet was kneeling before his man, his fingers sensually massaging the
man's churning testicles while his penis was buried deeply in the gulping throat
of the adoring slave. The man tore his throbbing penis from the vacuum like
confines of slave piglet's wanton mouth and dragged the panting slave over to
the cavorting group. The man using slave sow's rectum had finished first and
slave piglet's face was thrust rudely into the moist crevasse between his
darling's widely split bottom cheeks. Soon his lips were glued to the gaping
pout of the slave girl's well reamed out anus, and his long supple tongue was
buried to the hilt in her hot, slime coated rectum. While slave piglet joyfully
sucked the essence of man from slave sow's wildly spasming rectal chute his wide
eyed gaze was drawn to the depraved sight of the huge penis still plunging
deeply in and out of her writhing vagina only an inch of so away. While he
worked diligently to clean slave sow's rear passage he was able to see the
shining knob of her stiff clitoris with each outward movement of the throbbing
penis, and wished beyond all yearning that he could enclose the hot throbbing
nodule within his lips and passionately suckle it until she squealed in ecstasy.

Soon, however, slave piglet's questing mouth was torn from the now cleansed anal
pout, and the penis he had been sucking so wantonly not a few minutes earlier
was the driven into the hot, waiting hole. The recently sated man dragged slave
piglet away and put him to work cleaning, and then teasing his own penis back to
throbbing rigidity. Slave piglet blushed scarlet when the rancid aroma of male
semen, and slave arsehole assailed his nostrils, but, never the less, was soon
happily lapping the moist bar clean, his heart pounding with slavish delight at
being used in such a debauched fashion.

Slave sow's mouth was next to finally coax a load of hot creamy testicle juice
out of the penis it avidly suckled. As soon as this was achieved the man whose
penis slave piglet had so recently first cleansed, then revived with his own
ardent maw left him and had slave slow's still wildly swallowing mouth enclose
his newly gained erection. Slave piglet was soon engaged in once again using his
infinitely talented mouth to raise its new target back to throbbing stiffness.

Almost before slave piglet had had time to induce the man back to erection slave
sow's spasming vagina wrenched an orgasm from its enormous invader, and the
silky walls of the sensual cavern were bathed in steaming fragrant semen. Slave
piglet's heart pulsated with joy while his ever eager tongue plunged deeply into
her writhing sex sleave, and his yearning taste buds were flooded with the rich
flavours of male and female orgasm. Slave piglet drank the heady mixture down in
sheer happiness, now lost in his world of sexual servitude and revelling in its
debauched depravity.

The four men used the slaves relentlessly for hour after hour. They were not
joking when they said they had some catching up to do in terms of getting their
rocks off. After what seemed like countless orgasms the pace began to slow. The
four men decided to take a break and ordered the slaves to entertain them while
they rested, and restored their energy for yet another round of unbridled lust
and debauchery. The two slaves, of course, were overjoyed at this turn of events
and were soon in each others arms kissing passionately, slave piglet's eager
tongue cleaning away the residue left by the penises that had so far erupted in
his darling lover's mouth. The slaves reversed their bodies and were soon locked
in a passionate sixtynine. For slave sow this was, of course, entirely
pleasurable, and she thrilled to the sensation of her slave lovers lips and
tongue going crazy on the erect spike of her pulsating clitoral bud. For slave
piglet, however, it only added to his sexual torment for, of course, slave sow
could only tease the swollen tip of his captive penis, and the cruel little minx
was only too prepared to torment her sweetheart.

During the following bouts of excess the men also used slave piglet's tight
welcoming rectum for their pleasure, much to the delight of the wanton slave. He
thrilled, as he always did, to the hot thick sex stalks when they stretched his
anal ring so wide, and shivered in happiness when the enormous erections plumbed
the depths of his churning man pussy. He delighted in the sensual feel of slave
sow's soft tongue on his most intimate opening when she in turn, was required to
cleans him of the issue of their ravishers' penises. The slaves worked
tirelessly to please their dominators revelling in their own shame and
humiliation, denying the men nothing. Indeed, they enticed their defilers to
more and more depraved and debauched acts until, finally the men were
physically, mentally, and more importantly, sexually, totally exhausted, and
could perform no more.

A week after this night of utter depravity Mistress Lotta took great delight in
announcing to slave piglet that he had seen the last of the slut, slave sow. She
had, according to Mistress Lotta, transgressed against Master Frederick once to
often, and he had banished her forever. Slave piglet thought that his heart
would break when he heard this news. He could not even contemplate not seeing
his adored sow again. What was perhaps even more distressing to the young slave
was the fact that his own Mistress took such delight in tormenting him in such a
heartless fashion. It was then, more than at any time before, that slave piglet
realised that he now almost hated his Mistress. Even as he allowed her complete
control of his being, and in particular his sexuality, for he was so well
conditioned that it could never not be thus, he knew that the magic had been
lost forever.

A couple of weeks later, when slave piglet thought that his Mistress had drifted
off to sleep, and he was attending to his ablutions in the nude, without his
chastity in place, she caught him vainly trying to masturbate his huge, erect
penis to orgasm while in the shower. The fact that, such was her absolute
control over his bodily functions, he was unable, no matter how much he
fantasised, to achieve climax, made no matter. Mistress Lotta was furious beyond
comprehension. She told him to get himself into the living room immediately, and
to present himself, naked and kneeling on his slave mat.

Slave piglet was filled with mixed emotions while he prepared to enter the room
as he had been ordered. On the one hand he was terrified by his Mistress'
obvious wrath, but on the other, he was surprised to realise that he didn't
really care as much as he thought he would. He was surprised to find, when he
finally crawled into the living room, naked as ordered, and knelt on the square
rubber slave mat, that his Mistress was not present. Instead a chair stood
before the mat upon which rested a piece of paper filled with typed writing.
Slave piglet reached out and took the paper in his hands. His heart pounded as
he read:

Un-grateful pig!

You are a disgrace to all dutiful slaves. You have committed the most
unforgivable act of pure defiance it is possible for a slave to commit. That of
attending to your own selfish desires, at the expense of your benevolent owner's
express wishes. For this there can only be one punishment. Instant, and total
banishment. Not only from my presence, but also from all of our culture.

You are to leave my presence forever, immediately! Don't even try to worm your
way into some other dominant's graces! All have already been warned in the most
graphic terms, of your behaviour, and will not even acknowledge your existence.
You will be denied access to even the outlets of our culture. No dominant will
ever accept your service ever, ever again. The slut, sow, will never be found by
you, so don't even bother trying. That ugly bitch's exile has been planned to
perfection so that you will never see her again. Your track suit is on the
couch. Put it on and get out of my house! Never darken my door again!

Slave piglet rose to his feet and put on the garments he had worn on that
fateful day that he first visited Mistress Lotta. With a heavy heart, but
strangely, a sense of relief he let himself out of the apartment and walked off
into the night.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hawker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





