BDSM Library - The Journey of Jade




The Journey of Jade
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jade is new to BDSM....she had no idea when she moved to Texas with her boyfriend that he was a Dom.  She learns alot of things, including how far she is from home.
The Journey of Jade

Pretty much my whole life I've had a shitty sex life.  I use the word shitty
because that best describes it.  Lousy just isn't a strong enough adjective.  My
husband was a five hump chump which was significantly better than the two hump
chump before him.

When we split up after four years of marriage, my next candidate had to fill the
number one priority for me: Lots of Good Sex.   I had been having a maximum of
once a month at that point and I figured I had a lot of sex to catch up on.

I lived in a small town at that time and there were absolutely no candidates for
dating.  Out of curiosity I began perusing the internet for personal ads.  My
first stop was Yahoo! Personals.  I went through what seemed like hundreds and
then one really stuck out to me.  I decided to spend the twenty bucks and reply
to this one.  I didn't hear anything over the weekend and thought it would be
wise you to use my one months subscription and see if there was anyone
interested in replying to me.  I responded to a few more.

Monday rolled around and I got a response!  I was thrilled.  I immediately wrote
back.  When he responded again, he left his name; Aire, his phone number and
told me to call.  Not much more than that, just call me.  I didn't really want
to call because I couldn't breathe through my nose and sounded stupid.  I told
him I would rather not and why but he was adamant.  Either call or nothing.  So
I did.  We spoke for a long time and he told me things about his sex life that
made my eyes widen.  I was a little bit scared and a lot intrigued.

We agreed to meet the next day in a public place where I lived.  It was winter
and the roads sucked but he assured me with his Explorer he would have no
trouble. 

I got to the bar a little early and choose a seat with a view of the door.  It
was at the very end of the bar, at least 30 feet from the door and exactly
opposite the entry insuring a very good view.  I was quite pleased with my
vantage point when he arrived, I had plenty of time to assess him and determined
that his photo was very accurate.  I had no idea how often people lie on the
internet this being my first venture but I felt like I got lucky.

I was hooked almost immediately.  He was very handsome and had a disarming smile
that was magnetic.  He was also very confident and self assured...my favorite
qualities in men. I didn't know at the time that the type of guy I had always
been attracted to was Dominant.

Being that I was a woman in my very early thirties, I was quite horny from
months of no sex and we ended up going the hour back to his place.  He was in
public relations so he had no problems chatting while we drove and I found it
very easy to talk to him.

When we got back to his house he poured us both a drink and then led the way to
his bedroom.  I was quite shocked when we entered.  His bed was a mass of
pillows.  It was not girlish because of the pillows, the deep blues and red made
it still very masculine.  It reminded me of what I thought a harem bed might
look like.

Once over the preoccupation with his bed, I didn't know what to do so I perched
nervously on the edge of the bed.  He seemed amused with my obvious discomfort
but he didn't hesitate to make himself comfortable leaning back against the mass
of pillows. 

I nervously gulped my drink.  I suddenly thought I had lost my mind.  What am I
doing in the bedroom of a guy I just met?!?!  My hormones have taken control of
my judgment, I thought.  As though sensing his prey was about to bolt, he rose
from his position and came around to where I was seated.

He leaned over me, kissing me and eased me backward while he laid on top of me. 
Before I knew it I was naked and flipped over doggie style.  His hands were
grasping my shoulders and he was fucking me like I had never been fucked.  I
thought his dick was going to come out my throat and I loved it.  This was what
I had been missing, the feeling that I had definitely been fucked.  Sex with my
ex's, my pussy didn't even know they'd been and gone it was so short.

Suddenly, I felt him smack my ass.  I was startled.  I couldn't remember ever
having my ass smacked before.  Of course, there was no time to smack my ass
before either.  I was strangely aroused by this ass smacking sensation.  Every
time he smacked me the more I moaned.  I was loving this! 

By the time he stopped and told me, "Go in the closet and get my belt."  I was
drunk on ecstasy, not the drug the feeling.  He could have told me to go get a
jack hammer and I wouldn't have blinked. 

When I returned with the belt he said, without a trace of a smile, "Get on your
hands and needs." 

I was going to faint.  Those words were so powerfully to my already aroused
brain, I felt like the blood loss to my head was going to make me pass out.  I
quickly did as he instructed and was rewarded with the intense feeling of the
belt whipping my ass.  I felt no pain whatsoever.  The state of arousal I was in
made me feel nothing but pleasure.  I had never felt so possessed by pleasure.

After at least a dozen lashes with the belt,  he climbed behind me grabbed my
hair in his fist and fucked me until I screamed out a rather loud orgasm.  I had
never come during intercourse before.  I was truly amazed.  The novelties of the
entire evening had me instantly addicted.

I spent practically every day after this with Air and shortly moved in with him. 
He continued to use his belt during sex and being the naive person I was, I had
no idea that this might be just the tip of the iceberg.

At the time I met Aire, I owned a restaurant and was quite content with my lot
in life.  After dinner at the restaurant one night, he asked me to sit at one of
the empty tables because he wanted to talk.  He was offered a position in Texas
and asked if I'd go with him.  We talked about what I would do down there and he
said, 'You don't have to do anything.  I make a lot of money, take it easy or do
whatever you want.'  It took a little bit of reassurance but  I didn't even
think twice.  I said, 'Yes.' A few months later,  I closed the restaurant and
moved the 1,900 miles from Upstate, New York to Texas.

One night shortly after our move, I returned from the store and found Aire in
the bedroom.  He had lit candles and the flicker on the walls was very romantic. 
He said, "Get us both a drink and come in here."  I didn't hesitate, beaming
happily about the romantic guy I had found, I got us both a drink and returned. 
We finished our drinks and he told me to lay in the middle of the bed.  I did. 
He pulled a blindfold out from behind him and asked if I trusted him?  Without
needing to think, I said, 'Yes.'  Aire slipped the blindfold over my head and
then I felt him pull my left arm up and cuff it.  I didn't know what was going
on but I was thinking, 'Cool.  Kinda kinky.' 

In no time he had my arms and legs cuffed to the massive bed and I was spread
eagle.   I felt him sit down on the bed next to me and he began to squeeze the
breast closest to him.  Out of nowhere I felt extreme heat on the nipple he was
not squeezing.  I gasped.  It took a second to realize that the candles he had
lit were for more than just mood lighting.

Next, I felt the hot wax on the breast he was squeezing.  I felt it completely
cover my nipple and drip down the curve of my breast.  'Oh, shit that was hot.'
I thought.  I didn't like it.  "umm, I don't think I like that." I said. 

As he was squeezing both of my breasts in his hands I heard him say, "You
haven't given it a chance." 

I didn't know quite how to respond so I said nothing.  I felt the bed rise when
he did and I heard him leave the room.

When he returned I felt him put his hands on my pussy and he began stroking the
slit.  My pussy was wet almost instantly and I was bucking my hips up to meet
his hand striving for more stimulation on my clit.  Instead I felt his fingers
go to my ass.  They seemed unusually cold. He was rubbing the bud of my ass in
light circular motions.  I could feel my body tense.  I had never had anyone
touch my ass before and I was uncomfortable.

"Relax, I promise I won't feel a thing."  I heard Aire say, laughing.

The next thing I knew he was sliding something very cold into my ass.  It didn't
take long to figure out that it was an ice cube.  The second after I figured out
that I had an ice cube in my ass and felt the incredible sensations it caused, I
exploded to orgasm.  When I returned to earth I could vaguely feel something
else pressing against my ass but it was still somewhat numb from the ice.  I
could feel it in a second though because my ass was stretching around whatever
was pressing into it.  Instantly, I was incredibly aroused again.  I couldn't
believe having someone manipulate my ass would make me hornier than I'd ever
been.
I was barely paying attention to the discomfort of having this foreign object
invading my ass.  I was hypnotized by the helplessness of my position and having
things done to me that I never dreamed of letting someone do.  The helplessness
was intoxicating.

I felt the thing finally come to a resting spot.  I was later told that it was a
butt plug.  Something I had never heard of.  Once the plug was in place, and my
ass was feeling very full, I felt and heard it being inflated.  My ass was
unbelievably full. Then he turned on the vibrator.  I was barely aware that he
was in the room anymore.  I felt like I was in a different world.  My own little
world where nothing was really in focus.  Everything was just a little beyond my
ability to concentrate.  For a moment anyway.

"I need to cum, baby."  I said.

Aire said to me in a tone very different than what I was used to, "Beg."

I had absolutely no problem begging.  I was so horny I didn't have a single
inhibition.  As a matter of fact, the begging part was a turn on too.

"Please make me come, baby."  I begged.  Squirming on the bed with the very
inflated plug in my ass, trying to get my thighs close enough together to make
me cum.

"You can beg better than that, can't you?"  He asked.  "I think you can.  When
you convince me you really want to cum I'll let you cum."

"Baby, please I'll do anything to cum.  Please, please, please make me cum."  I
begged.  I meant it too.  At that point I would do anything to cum.  I was out
of control.

"Say, Sir."  I heard him say.

"Sir."  I parroted.

"Beg me again, but call me Sir."  He replied in voice that implied, "Duh."

"Sir, please, please, please make me cum."

"Now, ask if you may cum and say Sir."  He instructed.

I would have called him uncle if he told me to.  I didn't care as long as I
came.

"Sir, can I cum please?"  I begged/asked.
"Better." He said, in a bored tone.  "But we'll have to work on it."

"You can come if you can, during this next part." He said with a small chuckle.

I could feel him scrape the wax off my nipples and I felt something sticky being
applied to them.  I couldn't tell if it was tape of what it was.  I didn't pay a
lot of attention to it though the vibrating, full feeling in my ass had most of
my attention.

What happened next caught all of my attention though.  I suddenly knew why he
said, if you can.  I felt a buzz in both of my nipples and the buzz was getting
stronger.  Every time he shocked me, my back levitated off the bed causing my
tits to arch toward the ceiling.  My begging now took on a different tone.

"Please no stop."  I begged.

"Who are you talking to?"  He barked.

I knew what he wanted and quickly said, "Sir, please stop." I blurted, on the
verge of tears.

"I'll turn it down a bit, but give it a chance.  Agreed?"  Aire said in a tone
that wasn't waiting for my approval.

Not wanting to be thought of as a wussy, I agreed anyway.

I felt him climb between my legs and his dick thrust in my pussy.  My ass was
blown up so far by the inflatable plug it was difficult to get his dick in me.  
Once he had his dick fully thrust in me, I could feel him begin again with the
electricity.  Every time he thrust in the unit would send current to my nipples
causing me to arch my back and tighten all of my muscles, including my vaginal
muscles. 

"Do you realize I just made your body absolutely perfect for fucking?" He asked
quite frankly.

I didn't realize it until he said it but I was a sex machine.  He had
manipulated my body to the way it would feel best for him to fuck it.  My ass
was blown up to make my pussy extremely tight and it was tight normally.  My
breasts were being shocked to cause me to tighten my pussy even further and arch
my back to meet him.  I had never been used so carefully in my life.

The thought that my body had just been turned into a piece of equipment perfect
for fucking made me incredibly turned on again and almost easy to ignore the
shock and pain.  I started breathing faster and moaning, making it obvious I had
gotten over my prior hesitance.

"Don't you dare cum without permission or this TENS unit is going to the max." 
He said in a steely voice that made me believe he meant what he said.

"Please may I cum, Sir?"  I begged again desperately.

"When I am through with you you can cum, slut."  Aire ordered, thrusting harder
and faster into my wet pussy.

I heard his breath become faster and heard him begin to groan and then felt warm
liquid all over the front of me.  His cum had left a trail from my face to my
pussy.

Aire climbed off of me he untied my right hand and said, "Cum, slut."

He didn't bother to stop the TENS unit or the vibrating plug, if I wanted to cum
it was going to be his way.  The way he was controlling me was mind boggling, I
frantically began rubbing my clit and within moments came fiercely.

"Good slut."  He said.  "You'll learn nicely.  Let's Begin." He winked and
smiled. 
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN READING MORE REVIEW IT ....  TO BE CONTINUED




Part 2

He moved up to the top of the bed and began tying a wrist cuff to the bed frame. 
He did the same with my other wrist and ankles.  I was kinda confused.  The sex
part is done so what are you doing, I was wondering.  This kinky stuff was all
fine for sex but what the heck is going on?  I'll learn what?  My mind was
racing.  My next thought was, 'He's probably just still horny.'  So, I began to
relax.

That is until what came next.

"I'm going to leave you here for a bit with your pink panther friend." He said,
as he put my vibrator/clit massager in my pussy.  "While I am gone, you are not
to cum.  If you do, you'll be sleeping tied up like that but with the inflatable
plug in your ass."

With that he walked out the door and left me laying there with the damn vibrator
stuffed in my pussy.  Within a few minutes I was ultra horny from the loss of
control over my physical locale and the stimulation to my clit.  How the hell am
I going to prevent myself from cuming, I wondered.

As I was pondering my dilemma, I heard the doorbell ring.  I heard a female
voice say she was from the cable company.  They were to come by and install our
cable today.  OH MY GOD!  I thought.  The bed was in plain site of the t.v. in
the living room.  'Oh please, please, let him close the door before he brings
her in.' I prayed silently. 

I heard their voices coming down the hallway and in a second they were both in
plain view.  She didn't notice me laying in the bedroom spread eagle with a
vibrator in my pussy; she just started to go about her business.

The humiliation of potentially being seen by a stranger was overwhelming.  My
face was enflamed.  In just a few seconds, I felt the waves of a very strong
orgasm wash over me.  I have to say, when I cum I am very loud.  It almost
sounds like I'm crying and to my dismay this time wasn't any different. Knowing
that now there would be no way the cable lady didn't look in my direction; I
just closed my eyes and pretended to be an ostrich with my head in the sand.

"That's pretty loud isn't it?" Aire said matter-of-factly.

"Um, yeah." I heard the cable girl say.

Noticing my spread eagle form lying on the bed she said to Aire, "You a Dom?" 

"How'd you guess?" He grinned.

"Takes one to know one."  She laughed.


Their conversation shocked the hell out of me so much that I dared to open my
eyes.  He's a WHAT?  A Dom?  What the hell is a Dom?  She's a Dom too?  I really
needed to know what a Dom is and why he is telling a complete stranger and he
has never told me.

"Cute sub ya got there." Cable Dom said.

"She has no idea what a sub is."  Aire laughed.  "She's from NY, she probably
thinks it's a sandwich."

They both thought that was hilarious.  I was befuddled.  A sub IS a sandwich.

What the hell are they talking about?  Would someone please come and remove me
from my humiliation.  Everyone has lost their mind.  They are there carrying on
what an onlooker might mistake for a normal conversation while watching me lay
tied up to a bed.  This is wrong.  But I was getting wet again anyway.  What is
wrong with me, I thought.  Why are all these strange things turning me on?

"Well, she's about to find out what a sub is." He said in a bored tone.  "She
wasn't suppose to cum until I told her she could and it seems she likes to be on
display." 

"What's her punishment going to be?"  I heard Cable Dom say, with a very wicked
look in her eyes.

"Well it was going to be spending the night like that with a plug in her ass but
maybe I can change it to provide you with some amusement."  He said rather
sportingly.

OH my God.  He is going to bring this woman in our bedroom for her amusement.  I
know!  I knocked my head on something and this is all a dream.  I'll just remain
calm and at some point I'll wake up.  Won't I?

Well if this is a dream I shouldn't be feeling a puddle oozing between my thighs
and I shouldn't be feeling like I want to get fucked again, should I?

I closed my eyes as I saw them start moving towards the bedroom with a strange
camaraderie developing between them.  I heard them come in the room and felt his
arms start to uncuff me.  I couldn't look at him.  I just wanted to disappear. 
I don't know if he noticed I wasn't looking or he just didn't care because he
continued to chitchat with her about their favorite methods of punishment.

Once he had me totally uncuffed he flipped me over and laid me on my stomach and
re-cuffed me with my ankles to my wrists, kneeling forward.  Ok, I thought we
had already stretched the bounds of humiliation, but having my ass in the air
with my asshole winking at the two of them was definitely more humiliating than
laying spread eagle.

"I think I'll start by giving her a good spanking.  Would you like to use a whip
when I'm done?"  Aire asked Cable Dom.

"Sure."  I heard her reply, if possible, with a drool in her voice.

Aire rubbed his right hand over my bottom in large, slow circles. His fingers
trailed between my legs. "You're soaking wet," he told me, as if I didn't know.
I began to squirm and forget about the horribly degrading situation I was in, as
lust took over.  He stopped rubbing and cupped his hand between my legs.

He lifted his hand and spanked me, hard, four times on each cheek, without a
pause.

He paused to trail his fingers again. Even wetter. "Yes."  Aire said, "I thought
she might respond this way. She is always wanting more fucking."

I was beginning to like the fact that I didn't even know yet exactly what I
wanted,
only that I would have to get it from him.

He took his fingers away from between my legs, and traced their wetness across
the flush on each cheek, while I wriggled. "Such a responsive little slut," he
said to me. "Always wetting and squirming when you get what you need.  You need
to have your ass whipped you know that?"  He said in a hypnotic tone.  "You need
to have your ass whipped by my fellow Domme friend here."  He continued in a
deceptively soft voice.

While I purred, he lifted his hand again. "No more warm-ups," he told me, "no
more pauses." He spanked me as hard as he could, while still keeping up a quick
pace, and my legs began to kick in earnest. Handprints to flush to red. Purring
to moaning. Squeals to the beginning of begging.

"Ow, ow, please, please, that hurts, please." I was begging for real. This shit
was not funny and I didn't want to cry in front of the two of them.

"Please what?" he asked.

He kept spanking. He spanked and waited for that me to say, "Please Sir".
As soon as he heard it, he delivered one more hard spank to the underside of my
bottom, and then left his hand where it landed.

He rubbed his fingers on the slippery folds between my legs, and waited for the
gasp to change tone before saying to Cable Dom, "Hand me the whip, please."
I almost convulsed against his hand. Orgasm? Fear? I could feel his dick twitch
without knowing the answer. I moved my head to one side, my lips moving, still
saying, please, but no sounds now.

He nodded at Cable Dom and held out his hand. I heard the snap of the whip,
twice.

He slapped the whip down across my reddened right cheek, and I kicked hard,
gasped harder. He began swiping the whip from side to side, short, hard strokes,
watching the colors change. My skin rippled and played under the strokes of the
whip. If I could see what it looked like, I'd probably hate it.

He swung harder, and my kicks became jerks. I began swearing softly under my
breath, still mixed in with "please, please," as I tried to tug away from each
stroke of the whip.

"A dozen more," he told me. "Fast. And hard."  Then handed the whip to Cable
Dom.

I wound my fingers in the sheets, as if I could anchor myself.  Every
intelligible word was lost in yelling and begging now as Cable Dom whipped the
belt across my bottom and thighs again and again, hitting the exact same line
just at the break of my thighs, the sweet spot, for the last six strokes.

My face was dry. It was a miracle.  I felt close to sobbing. Aire whispered in
my ear, "Obey me or next time, I won't stop until your face is soaked, too. Do
you understand?"

I babbled promises -- "I'll be good, I'll be good,"

"Oh I know you'll be good.  I'll see too it, subbie." He said with an air of
total assurance.

He turned to the Cable Dom and said, "Would you like a drink before you get
started?"

"Sure." She replied, "Why not."

Aire moved over to uncuff me and said, "Get us both a drink, subbie." Then,
walked out of the bedroom with his comrade.

I just laid there in disbelief for a moment but part of me liked this really
fucked up situation.  How did he know I would, I wondered.  Or maybe, he doesn't
really care if I would or not.  That thought got me hotter than I was before. 
Why am I getting turned on because he doesn't care about what I want?

TO BE CONTINUED




Part 3

1. i want you to write and erotic story involving me and you. It should take
place in our new house by the pool. It will also contain your total submission
to me. It should also contain orgasm denial for you as well as a butt plug, a
spanking, and the making of a video tape for someone elses view. Consider it a
birthday present for them.


I got them both a drink and thought the humiliation was going to end there but I
was mistaken.  The first mistake I made was thinking it was normal, acceptable
and expected that one would leave a bedroom to serve others after getting
dressed.  Apparently this isn't suitable sub attire because once I showed up in
the living room dressed and bearing drinks the two Dom/mes looked at me as
though my brains had rolled out onto the floor.

Aire said, "Who told you to get dressed?"

"Uh, I, uh..." I started to say, but was shocked stupidly speechless.  What the
hell is going on?  Who the hell is this guy?  He is not the guy I moved to Texas
with.  Although the thought of serving them naked was making me horny again.  I
wondered if someone had been slipping pills in my food.  I was never a nympho
like I felt I was rapidly becoming in these rather odd situations.

"Take off the clothes."  He demanded, neither of them moving to take the drinks
out of my hands.

The really strange thing was, I did it.  I started to walk towards the bedroom
but again that was obviously out of sub regulations.

"Take them off here." Mr. Dom, who used to be my boyfriend, said.

I set the drinks down and began to undress.  As I took my clothes off, I
wondered, 'What is it about undressing in front of people that is more
humiliating than being naked in front of people?'  I could feel my face burning
with embarrassment even as my pussy begin to moisten.

"Seems she's pretty green."  Cable Domme remarked to my Master with some sort of
empathy for him.

"She'll learn quick.  Training 101 begins tomorrow."  I heard him sneer.

Very quickly I fetched their drinks off the table and handed the drinks to them.

"Oh real-ly?"  Cable Dom said to Aire sounding rather interested.

"You wouldn't tape it for a fellow Domme, as a gift would you?  My birthday is
right around the corner."  She said, using every feminine wile she had left. 

"I'd give you a copy even if it wasn't your birthday."  He said, becoming rather
generous.

I watched the conversation in disbelief.  First, in my world strangers didn't
watch naked people on the bed.  Second, they didn't ask for video tapes of
Domination 101.  Third, my boyfriend didn't agree without any consideration for
me.

I was biding my time waiting for her to leave.  When she finally did, I said to
him, "What do you mean about Domination 101 and why would you give her a tape
without consulting me and what the hell happened this afternoon that you would
let a stranger in our bedroom?"

"Are you referring to the part where you called attention to yourself while
cumming like a banshee?"  He remarked with scorn.  "You didn't seem to be
concerned about modesty then." He said, taking my jaw between his fingers and
looking directly in my face.

"If you don't like the rules under my roof you may leave, Jade.  Otherwise, I am
the one who makes the rules and you follow them."  He said in a tone that made
me believe he meant every word of it.

"From this day forward you are submissive to me as long as you are under this
roof." He continued.  "Anything and everything I saw you do.  With no questions
asked. Understand?"  He demanded.

I didn't know what to say or do.  I couldn't leave I had no job, no money, no
place to go.  I didn't even have a friend I could ask to stay with.  The reality
of my dependence on him sunk in and all I could do was very quietly, say, "Yes."

"Yes, what?"  He barked.

"Yes, I understand."  I said, looking into avoiding his eyes.

"You say; 'Yes, Sir', When replying to me." He barked again.

"Yes, Sir."  I said quickly.

He dropped his hand from my jaw and said, "You are not to be dressed unless I
tell you to.  I've taken the liberty of getting rid of all your dowdy clothes. 
The only thing in your drawers are panties to be worn while you have your
period. At that time, they are required.  If I want you to wear anything else
I'll lay it out for you."

He kicked at the pile of clothes on the floor and said, "Get rid of that
garbage, slut."

My face flamed red again when he called me 'slut'.  I think I was embarrassed
and humiliated by it because that's they way I had been acting.  Every dirty
thing he said and did to me in the past day was driving me to the very depths of
lust.  I deserved to be called a slut.  As a matter of fact, I didn't know
anyone who was as sleezy as me at this point.

"I'm going out, I won't be home until late." My new Master announced.  "You may
take a blanket from the bed and sleep on the floor."  He said, without waiting
for a response and turning to leave.

I didn't have the energy or inclination to do anything but lay on the floor and
cry.  It wasn't long before the events of the day and my tears caused me to drop
off into a deep sleep.  I was soo drained I didn't hear when Aire came home and
climbed into the bed.

I felt him tap my side with his foot and woke up to see him looming over me. 
"It's ten o'clock.  Make me breakfast then I want you outside to lay in the sun. 
I'm going to make some videos and your skin is so pasty it may cause a glare on
the camera lens."

I went in the kitchen to make some bacon and eggs.  I wasn't used to cooking
without clothes on and managed to burn my stomach with spattering grease.  When
I took our plates to the table he stopped me. 

"One plate.  You can eat in the kitchen when I'm through.  While I eat you can
stand behind my chair against the wall in case I need anything."  He said as
though it was the most normal thing in the world.

I just stood there for a moment with my mouth hanging open.  I just barely
managed not to look for a white rabbit or a little man with a big watch.  Surely
I must be Alice in Wonderland. 

"Do you have a problem, slut?"  He growled at me.

I drew a quick breathe remembering what happened when I disobeyed yesterday.  My
ass was very bruised and a whipping today would be excruciating.

"No, Sir."  I said quickly moving to stand quietly in the spot he indicated. 
When he finished his breakfast, I quickly removed the plate and returned to the
kitchen.

"If you are going to eat, eat in there.  When you're done I want you by the
pool."  He called after me.


I had no interest in eating at this point and just washed the dishes and went
outside as he instructed.  He was already out there setting up the camcorder on
a tripod when I got out there and next to him on the ground was a large black
suitcase.

"Did you eat your breakfast?"  He asked

"No, Sir."  I replied with my head down.

"I guess you don't need to eat for the rest of the day then."  He said.  "Maybe
you'll be hungry tomorrow."

After about an hour of laying in the sun Aire came back outside after being
indoors checking his email.  When I looked up at him I could see he was
infuriated about something.  He switched the camcorder on.

"Who the hell is Night_Ryder?"  He asked.

"A friend from home."  I responded timidly.

"So you've been talking to some guy the whole time you've been with me and
you've never bothered to tell me?" He demanded

"He's just a friend, Sir."  I said.  I was scared silly by the look on his face. 
I had never seen him pissed before and with all the new things going on I didn't
know what to expect.

"On your hands and knees, now!"  He said.

I scrambled to do what he said as quickly as I could hoping to appease his anger
by my instant obedience.  As soon as I was on my hands and knees I felt his hand
come crashing down on my ass.  The bruising from the day before made it feel
like he was spanking me with a sledgehammer.

"Please, please, Sir, I'm sorry."  I cried.  Turning my body to avoid the
continued assault on my tender ass.  "No, please, stop."  I begged.

"Hold still or I'll start over." He growled at me.

I tried to hold still the best I could and by the time he was done my face was
soaked from my tears.

"I told you the next time your face would be wet didn't I?"  He said
mercilessly. 

He leaned over to my ear and whispered, "I've deleted all your e-mail accounts. 
You are not to use the computer under any circumstances.  Do you understand?" 
Aire said. 

"Yes, Sir."  I said between gulps of air.

He opened the suitcase and pulled out a buttplug.  While I was still on my hands
and knees he shoved the thing in my ass with no care whatsoever.   I thought I
was going to pass out from the searing pain I felt shooting through my body.  My
ass had never been invaded like it was being invaded now.  He blew the thing up
as far as it would while I screamed bloody murder.

"That is to stay in your ass until I remove it."  He said calmly and walked away
leaving me with a very bruised ass and a very uncomfortable intrusion in my
asshole.




Part 4

He opened the suitcase and pulled out a buttplug.  He handed it to me and said,
"Spread your legs slut and stick it in your ass.  Your going to learn that the
only thing you're loyal to is that plug in your ass.  You are only EVER going to
be allowed to cum again if something is stuck in your ass."

I had just begun to accept him playing with my ass and now he wanted ME to stick
something in my ass?  I was disgusted.  The thought of putting anything in my
ass was hideous to me.  Feeling like a disgusting pig, I gripped the plug and
moved it to the edge of my asshole.  I could feel the cold latex resting against
me and shut my eyes to try to block out the reality of what I was about to do. 
Maybe I was trying to block out the reality of Aire standing over me watching me
do a most horribly humiliating and degrading act.  Whichever it was, closing my
eyes helped and I slowly began to push the offensive plug into my ass.  Putting
the first half in wasn't so bad.  It wasn't too bad until it got to the bottom
half.  My ass was clenched and the damn thing hurt.  By the time I got the plug
in my ass to the rim of the plug I thought I was going to die.  Finally, the
thing slid all the way in and I felt some relief with the flange resting against
my hole.  At least my asshole wasn't spread open anymore.  Although, now, my ass
was uncomfortably full.

There I was laying next to the pool with a buttplug dangling from my ass.  I was
beginning to understand what humiliation was.  I thought I knew before but I was
definitely mistaken.

"Masturbate until you are going to cum then stop."  Aire said from behind me. 
"Do that every hour and DO NOT CUM."

I shut my eyes even tighter and began to masturbate.  Strangely, this totally
humiliating experience made it extremely easy for me to reach the point where I
was about to cum and I stopped.  It took less than a minute.

When I opened my eyes, I saw a smirk on Aire's face just before he turned to go
back in the house.  I couldn't begin to imagine the purpose for this task and
worse, I was afraid to imagine.

I tried to enjoy the sun, the palm trees, the beautiful yard but it wasn't
happening.  Nothing could make me forget that I had a plug stuck in my ass.  
Every time I moved my pussy got wet from the penetrated feeling in my ass. 


The few times I had to go to the bathroom was no picnic either.  I had to avoid
dangling the cords to the pump and the vibrator in the toilet bowl.  Being an
optimistic sort I mentally congratulated myself that at least he didn't make me
pump the thing up and turn the vibrator on.

After about five hours, Aire finally returned outside.   "Get inside and start
dinner."  He said abruptly.

I picked up my two tails and went in to do as he ordered.  I found cooking to be
quite difficult while holding the cords off the floor so eventually, I let them
dangle and trail behind me.  I stepped on the vibrator cord only once before
learning how uncomfortable having a plug yanked against my asshole was.  I
looked really ridiculous but dragging the cords on the floor while I cooked
dinner made me hornier than I've ever been in my life.  It was sick.

When dinner was done, I assumed since I wouldn't be eating that I was to serve
Aire in the dining room and stand behind him again naked while he ate.  When I
took his plate into him I began to set it down on the table when he stopped me.

"On your knees, slut."  He commanded from his seat at the table.

I sank to my knees still holding the plate and waited.

He took his time staring at me before saying, "When you serve me food or drinks,
you will drop to your knees and request permission to approach me to serve me. 
Understand?"

"Yes, Sir."  I mumbled looking at the floor.

"Louder."  He said.

"Yes, Sir."  I said in a clear voice.

"Well?"  He questioned, waiting to hear the proper response.

"Sir, May I approach you to serve you please?"  I parroted back to him.

"Do it."  He replied.

I stood up (cords dangling) leaned over and sat his plate in front of him.  When
I leaned forward, his hand found my breast and he held me there for a moment
before he said, "Under the table.  Suck on my dick while I eat dinner."

Once he had me under the table I covered my face with hands and shook my head. 
I just couldn't believe what was going on in my life. 
Knowing that there wasn't anything I could do about it was devastating.  I
unzipped his pants and freed his dick to begin my task while he ate his dinner.

My jaw was sore by the time he was done and all I wanted was this plug out of my
ass and to go to bed to forget about today. 

I heard the door bell ring and he told me to answer it.

"Please, no, Sir."  I started to cry.  "Please don't make me answer the door
like this."

He didn't listen. "Answer the door."  He growled again.

Knowing I wasn't got to change his mind, I dried my face and mustered as much
dignity as I could in the humiliating situation I was in.  When I went to the
door it took me a minute to gather my strength.  Finally, I decided to just get
it over with and swung the door open.

I guess in a way, I was relieved to see Cable Dom standing there because she had
already seen me humiliated and she wasn't the least bit shocked to see me in
what I thought was a bizarre greeting.

"Hi subbie."  She said rather pleasantly.  Her friendliness put me on guard.  I
was instantly suspicious.  She looked me up and down and spun me around to see
the cords hanging from my ass.  When she was done, I held the door open for her
and she walked past me to greet my new Master.  "Hi, Cory."  I heard him say.

I heard their greetings while I quickly shut the door before the neighbors saw
me.  Then, I slunk back to the dining room to see if they wanted anything.  "Can
I get you anything, Sir?"  I said.

Completely ignoring me, he said to Cory, "Would you like a drink?"

"A glass of wine would be nice."  She smiled to him.

Sure just fucking forget I'm even here... I thought to myself.  They started
talking Dom Shop so I quietly went to fetch the drink.

When I returned, Aire said, "Get in the bedroom and take that plug out then wait
there."

'Oh thank you, thank you, thank  you."  I thought to myself before saying, 'Yes,
Sir.', and making a hasty retreat before he changed his mind.

I was waiting on the bed when the two of them came in the room.  My eyes widen
briefly and then I noticed he had the camcorder with him.  He said, "I called
Cory this afternoon to offer her you as a birthday present.  Why just watch a
tape when she can be part of it?"  He turned to Cory, "Right Cory?

"Happy Birthday to Me."  She sung with a smirk aimed in my direction.

"Cory is going to use this strap-on to fuck you in the ass, subbie."  Aire
cheerfully informed me and showed me the offending item.  "She was happy to hear
that I've been preparing you for her all day."  Another smirk.

I think that was the point where my brain shut down and refused to process
anymore information.  I made a mental note to become an alcoholic the next day.

"Just one thing, Cory."  He explained.  "She is not to cum until she's trained
to be all the slut she can be.   Tease her all you want but don't let her cum."

"Gladly, Aire."  She said.

Aire tied me to the bed, I'm not sure if it was for fun or to insure that I
didn't flip out.  I didn't protest or say a word.  I was numb.  I was at the
point where I realized there was nothing I could do about my situation and I
felt resigned to whatever he was going to do to me. 

He tied me so that I was on my hands and knees with my ass in the air.  I heard
Cory take off her clothes and felt the pressure of someone on the bed behind me. 
I instantly knew it was Cory when she touched me.  She slid her hands up and
down the slit of my pussy.  The dramatic difference in the way her fingers felt
compared to Aire's was startling.  Her fingers were soft and her touch very
light and gentle.  I don't know if it was her or the fact that I was denied
orgasm repeatedly throughout the day, but her rubbing her fingers up and down my
slit and circling my clit made my pussy throb out of control.  Soon I was
grinding my hips against her hand.  Almost as soon as I felt the need to orgasm
she stopped stimulating my pussy.  She moistened her fingers inside of my cunt
then began stroking her fingers around my asshole.

Soon my ass was responding to her touch the same way my pussy did.  With
moistened fingers I could feel her penetrate my asshole.  I felt her fuck me
with just one finger.  I was dizzy.  Her finger fucking my ass was intoxicating. 
I was driven to heights of lust totally unknown to me before.  I felt her slide
another finger inside of my ass and soon she was fucking me with three.  I
pushed my hips as far back as I could to get her fingers as deeply inside of me
as they could go.  When I thought I couldn't take the intense lust anymore she
pulled her fingers out of my ass and I felt her slip a strap-on in my ass.  When
she leaned over me and had the strap-on fully buried in my ass she reached under
me and led my fingers to her pussy and said, "Rub my clit, Jade.  Make me cum or
your Master will punish you, subbie."

I began to stroke her clit.  She stayed in the same position, leaning over me
and began to fondle my tits.  She was pulling down on my breasts and nipples
like she was milking me and the pleasure combined with the strap-on in my ass
was overcoming me.

"Please, please, please let me cum, Master."  I begged.  "I'll do whatever you
want."

I looked over at him sitting in the recliner watching intently.  He was very
clear when he said, "No.  You will come only when I tell you to cum, slut.  Look
at you getting fucked in the ass with a strap-on begging to cum.  You'll be
trained to be the dirtiest slut in Texas very soon."

I didn't care if I was the dirtiest slut on the planet at that point my pussy
was aching to cum.

Cory straightened up and put her hands on my hips and began thrusting in my ass
with maximum force.  The pleasure was intense.  I was moaning and heard myself
say 'Oh, yes', over and over.  I don't remember doing it but apparently I kept
up with her thrusting quite well because soon my hand was dripping with her
juice.  I could feel her rocking against my hand while she thrust the strap-on
as deep as she could in my ass.

I felt her pull out of my asshole.  I knew if I looked it would be gaping.  She
climbed around in front of me on her hands and knees with her ass in my face. 
She said, "Do what I tell you to do and nothing else do you understand, slut?"

At that point I would have done anything anyone told me to do.  I was so horny
and all I wanted to do was cum.  "Lick my juice up all of it, slut."  She
ordered.  I slowly began to do as she ordered.  I tried to keep my nose out of
her ass but it was almost impossible with her on all fours in front of me.  I
licked from her clit to the bottom of her pussy, separating the slit with my
tongue as I went.  Soon I had all the juice licked clean off her pussy the only
thing remaining of it was the sharp taste in my mouth.

When her pussy was thoroughly licked, she said, "Suck on my clit, pussy licker."  
My mouth went directly to her pussy and I was gently sucking her clit when I
felt my Master's hands on my hips.  During the pussy licking frenzy he
apparently got undressed because I could feel his massive dick sliding in my
ass.

"Ya know what Jade?"  I heard him say.  "I'm fucking your ass but I'm wishing it
was Cory's."  As he said those words, he began fucking my ass with intensity. 
The fullness my ass was aching for when Cory was fucking me with the strap on
was more than accomplished by my Master's dick.  His balls slapping against my
clit were almost enough to make me cum.

"Fuck my cunt with your tongue, slut."  Cory said.

She had her pussy pushed right in my face.  I couldn't push back because I was
still tied up and she was kneeling on the straps.  I pushed my tongue as deeply
in her cunt as it would go and started flicking it around.  My chin was pushing
against her clit and the combination of the two sensations had her bucking her
cunt against my face hard. 

Cory fucking my face with Aire fucking my ass was going to make me scream.  My
pussy was throbbing and I could feel my juice running down my legs.  I couldn't
even beg to come because my face was full of Cory's pussy.

I tried to lean back into Aire to get more of his dick in my ass but he held my
hips away from him to make the most of every thrust in my ass.  I felt Cory's
cunt begin to shudder and as she started to orgasm my Master picked up his pace
of fucking my ass and began to cum at the same time as Cory did.  I could feel
his thrusts completely fill me and hot cum shoot in my ass at exactly the same
time I felt Cory's pussy shoot her cum in mouth.  I was shocked by the volume it
felt like a man cumming in my mouth.  "Lick it all, slut."  She ordered while
cumming.  I was careful to completely cover her cunt with my mouth and get every
drop to avoid my ass getting any further beating.  When she finally finished
shooting cum in my mouth I licked the rest of the cum off her pussy with my
Master's dick still buried in my ass hoping that my sleezy actions might earn me
the reward of cumming.

When she finally moved away, I tried again, "Master please I'm a slut, just let
me cum."

"When you do something worth cumming, I may let you.  Until then no."  He
replied while pulling his dick out of my ass. 

What sleezier thing did I have to do to earn an orgasm I wondered amazed that
this wasn't sufficient.

Cory untied my arms while he untied my legs and he said, "Get a damp towel and
clean us up, slut."

I went and fetched a towel and first cleaned my Master's dick.  Then I went to
where Cory lay spread eagle on the bed and cleaned the saliva and cum off of her
pussy.  It wasn't bad cleaning Aire's dick I had done that as his girlfriend
because I wanted to but I couldn't believe I had to clean a woman's pussy.

As they got dressed my Master said to me, "Get us a drink."

I got them both a drink and they were already seated on the living room sofa
when I returned.  I kneeled in front of my Master and asked, "May I serve you
both your drinks, Sir?" 

"You may serve me mine, but you'll have to ask Cory's position to serve her
her's and call her Ma'am."  Aire replied.
 
I served my Master his drink and went to kneel in front of Cory, humiliated that
I had to kneel before this woman naked and ask her permission to serve her a
drink.

"May I serve you your drink, Ma'am?"  I asked as submissively as I could.

"Yes and when you're done kneel over there with your legs spread so we can see
your pussy, slut."  She said, then took her drink and promptly ignored me.

TO BE CONTINUED




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Miss Mia


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





