BDSM Library - Procurement & Training Center




Procurement & Training Center
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A dominatrix targets a young college boy for slavery and profit. He is coerced into obedience and learns his schooling will not occur in college.
 Procurement & Training Center       Chapter 1

     Todd walked in the house after a hard days work on the highway crew.  He
was sweaty, dirty and smelled  like road oil.  It had been over 100 degrees
today and he was bone tired.  He left his oil soaked steel tipped boots on the
back porch and checked the refrigerator for an ice-cold coke.  Ahhh, yes,  mom
had been to the store.  He popped the tab and guzzled half the can before he
stopped.  Karen Walker, Todd's  mom walked in from the living room and greeted
her oldest son.

     "Hi son, you look terrible, was it a hot one today?"   "Mom, you know it
was, I'm glad this is my last week before school starts."  " Oh, by the way, any
word yet on if I have to stay in the dorm again this year or did you come up
with an off campus room?"   Karen Walker smiled at her handsome son.  She was so
proud of him for working this rough road job this summer to help pay for his
college board and room.  At first she had worried about him.  Todd was only 5ft
3 and weighed less than 140 lbs.  He had a beautiful body and legs that most
girls would love to have.  His blond hair, winning smile and white teeth were
going to go far towards helping him succeed in life.  Still, she wished he were
stronger and bigger so he could stand up to some of the local boys who were
jealous of him.  Because Todd always was popular with the girls.  As a matter of
fact, he had more girl friends than boy friends.  But today, her hard work had
paid off for her favorite son.  She had found an unbelievable off campus room
for her son at a price well below the going  rate.

     Karen smiled and waited for his reaction as she told him.  Todd pumped his
fist into the air and let out a war hoop.  "YESSSSS, YEEHAA!!"   " Oh thanks
mom, this is the best news I have had all summer, you  don't know how I have
worried about this all summer!"  "Where is it?"  "How much is the rent?"  "Is it
a  private residence?"  "Tell me, tell me!"  Todd felt a tremendous load lifted
off his shoulders.  Last year, as a freshman at the University, he had gone
through continuous hazing and ridicule.  The jocks took great sport making fun
of his size.  A lot of the girls too had joined in. telling him he would make a
very pretty cheerleader.  He had even heard the comment several times, " fuck,
he's prettier than most of us!"  He had eventually formed a friendship with a
group of girls he had classes with, but he found they were treating him more
like a girl than a man and they guys had picked up on that and spread the rumor
he was gay which caused him even more trouble.  Some of the gays were always
trying to hit on him and he was just tired of all the bull shit.  Now, at least
he would be out of that environment and with real people.  He did not know them,
but he knew he could always make them like him.  He was well aware of his good
looks and personality.


     Todd was nervous as his mom shut the car off in front of a gated residence. 
She rang the buzzer on the post and waited.  A woman's voice came over the
speaker, "yes, may I help you?"  Karen Walker winked at Todd and gave him a
thumbs up and whispered, "classy place, huh, Todd?"  She then turned towards the
speaker and said in her most pleasant voice,  "Hello, this is Mrs. Walker and my
son Todd."  The speaker came to life with a cheerful voice, " Yes, welcome, the
gate will open automatically, just drive on in, I will see you at the front of
the house Mrs. Walker


     Todd was amazed.  This was unreal.  He had never lived in any place as
grand as this.  He asked his mom again, "Are you sure this is right, why would
anyone rent out a room in a mansion like this for a lousy $100. a month?"  Karen
assured her son that everything was on the up and up.  Miss Jacobs had told her
that she enjoyed having younger college students living in her home.  It helped
keep her young too.  Todd was about to go nuts with excitement at such beautiful
surroundings.  Now, the girls would be really  impressed, and the boys would
just have to eat their hearts out.  Todd could see that his social life was
going to take a serious upswing.

     Miss Jacobs was coming down the sidewalk as Karen drove up and squeezed
Todd's hand in  excitement.  "What do you think honey?"  Todd quickly pulled his
hand away before Miss. Jacobs had seen the intimacy between mother and son. 
"Mom, I'm speechless, and look at Miss. Jacobs, I had her pictured as an old
lady, but she is really young looking kind of."  "I wish you had let me take out
a loan for a car though, I am going to look silly being a sophomore in college
and still riding my bike."  Karen looked at her son lovingly and reminded him
that money for her did not grow on trees and that they had just seen lots of
guys riding bicycles.  Todd immediately was sorry for complaining,  "I'm sorry
mom, You have done well, I hope I can repay you for being such a wonderful
Mother."  "Honey, I love you so much and I am so proud of you.  I wanted the
best for you, and staying with Miss Jacobs will be a wonderful experience for
you, she seems so cultured.  Please don't complain about anything Todd, It would
hurt me if this did not work out for you.?  Todd saw tears starting to run from
his mothers' eyes and he reassured her that he would make Miss Jacobs like him
and she would not get any complaints from her about him.

     After a short introduction outside, Miss Jacobs ushered them into the house
where she had some refreshments waiting.   Miss Jacobs picked up the phone and
told someone to please unload the luggage and bicycle from the walker's car.  
Todd immediately spoke up,  "please no, Miss Jacobs, I can get it, I don't want
to be a bother."   Miss Jacobs smiled at him,  "nonsense child, I saw the size
of the luggage and that  bicycle is up too high for you, I have a boy here doing
some work for me, he is much bigger than you, He  will do it."  Todd turned beat
red having been humiliated so badly in front of his mother and being called a
child too.  Miss Jacobs saw his reaction and smiled at him saying,  "honey,
don't pout, I'm sure you will grow in a few years."  Todd glanced at his mother
and saw the worried look on her face.  He knew he had over reacted and thanked
Miss Jacobs for her kindness.  Miss Jacobs walked over to Todd and gave him a
polite hug and kissed the top of his head saying, " Dear Todd,  you and I are
going to get along just fine and I know you will just love it here.  Todd's
mother smiled broadly at both of them and knew that Todd  would  be fine here in
this beautiful home with the kindly Miss Jacobs.  

     Miss Jacobs led them into her office area where they spent the next hour
enjoying coffee and sandwiches and Miss Jacobs even had a glass of punch for
Todd.  As Miss Jacobs visited with his mother, Todd had a chance to look Miss
Jacobs over and he realized that she was absolutely beautiful, even though she
was  just a little overweight.  She was probably around 6 feet tall and had an
ample set of breasts.  He chuckled to himself thinking, maybe I will get lucky
and get to see her naked sometime.  Todd hated to see women so tall, why
couldn't he have been 6 feet tall.  When Miss Jacobs excused herself to check on
his luggage and bicycle, Todd yawned, suddenly feeling very tired, and suggested
to his mom that she make her exit so he could get settled in.  Karen agreed and
was hugging Todd when Miss Jacobs returned.  Karen kissed  her son for the last
time and made him promise to obey Miss Jacobs and to make sure he helped out at 
the house to repay Miss Jacobs for her gracious arrangements.  Miss Jacobs led
Todd's mother out to her car, they exchange hugs and soon Karen Walker was out
the gate, leaving her son to a fate that she could never have envisioned in her
wildest dreams.

     Miss Jacobs walked back into her office and smiled at Todd who seemed
almost asleep in the leather chair.  As he heard her high  heels clicking on the
hardwood floor,  he tried to focus on her but found He was having trouble doing
that.  Miss Jacobs, or Sheila Jacobs, as she was know, sat down on the couch
next to Todd.  Todd watched her as she smiled a peculiar smile and watched her
crook her finger at him,  saying,  "Come over her honey and sit on your owner's
lap.  Todd got up from his chair, walked to Miss Jacobs and sat carefully on her
lap.   Todd's mind was fuzzy and he could not focus well and yet he knew
something was wrong.  He was sitting on his landlady's lap and she had called
herself his owner.  Sheila Jacobs pulled Todd to her and whispered in his ear. 
Words that sent his heart racing and his pulse into high gear, She pulled his
face to her and brought her full lips to his and slowly inserted her tongue into 
his mouth.  In and out her tongue went, slowly and lovingly, while her hand
unzipped his fly and brought out his stiff penis. It sprang into the air like a
shot as its new owner softly fondled it, wiping away the pre- cum with her
finger.   Sheila Jacobs held the glistening finger in front of Todd's eyes and
gently put it to his lips.  Todd stared blankly at her beautiful face, lost in
the lust that had overtaken him and unable to do anything except that which he
was doing.  Her finger probed his lips and he opened his mouth slightly and
allowed access to his  tongue.  A finger with cum on it was invading his mouth
and he held it with his tongue as it slowly moved in and out leaving the sticky
substance to acquaint itself with his taste buds.    Miss Jacobs softly
whispered to her new soon to be slave.  Telling him to eat the cum like a good
girl.   "You will soon be my little girl  now."  "Your mommy has given you to me
to use and train."  "Do you understand that sweetheart?"  "I want you to suck on
my finger right now if you understand that you now belong to me and must obey me
totally, do it now honey."  Todd sucked the finger as he looked into the  eyes
of this beautiful woman who was holding him tightly on his lap as she gently
masturbated him and  Todd knew that he now belonged to her.

     Miss Jacobs whispered instructions to Todd.  He slowly removed himself from
her lap and unbuttoned his shirt while she loosened his pants and slid them down
to his ankles.  Todd sat on the floor and took off  his shoes, sock s, pants and
underwear and completely naked sat back down on her lap.  Sheila loved this part
of the procurement.  From last year when Todd's name had been recommended to her
as future property, investigating he and his mother, sending her the information
of a very reasonable off campus  room, which would cost less than the dormitory
to now having the property sitting naked on her lap still under the effects of
the drugged punch.  It had all been captured on camera which was still filming
as the naked boy listened intently to her whispering.  Lost in lust, he obeyed
her instructions.   He played with himself knowing it was ok and it was pleasing
her, but being careful not to cum because she had warned him he would make her
mad at him if he did.  He looked down at his movements as she continued to talk
softly to him.  He was being alert to any precum appearing.  He was to catch it
with his finger and lick it off and then get back to the slow masturbation that
he had grown to love over the years.  Miss Jacobs told him how happy he was here
and as long as he obeyed, he would please her but if he disobeyed her,  she
would have to send him home to his mother and bring her disappointment and
shame.  She asked him if he wanted that and was rewarded with tears in his eyes
as he said.  "no Miss Jacobs, please don't send  me home, I promise I will obey
you, you will like me I know it."  Miss Jacobs was playing with his nipples as
he pledged his obedience to her as his tears rolled down his face and he
masturbated.

     Sheila was thoroughly pleased with herself.  It had gone off without a
hitch, as had the others.  Now she told him to stand up and follow her to her
desk.  She pulled a folder out of the drawer and arranged some papers in front
of him.  "These are papers that you need to sign honey, use this pen and sign
each at the bottom of each page."  Todd took the pen, thanking her, and signed
each paper without seeing what they were and gave the pen back to her.  "Now
Todd, the reason i asked you to come to school two weeks early was so you could
learn what was expected of you.  Your mother was told you would be working here
and so you shall."   "I want you to leave your clothes here and follow me, your
luggage is already in your room."  Todd followed, keeping his eyes on the
swaying buttocks in front of him, not noticing that he was still playing with
himself.  Upstairs, Miss Jacobs ushered him into his room, which was bright and
cheerful. Todd stared at the huge bed and other furniture.  It made him feel
like he was a child.  He would have to get a run at the bed to be able to get in
it.  The two chairs also were big.  She told him his clothes had been put away
for him, that he was to shower and get into bed and take a short nap and she
would come and get him later.  She pulled him to her and entered his mouth with
her tongue, holding him as he went limp in her arms.  "Stand up sweetheart, did
I tell you to stop playing with yourself?"  Todd's hand went back to his penis
and he apologized for forgetting.  "  You must learn to obey Toddy."   "Now take
a shower and jump into bed.  You are not to wear any clothes unless I instruct
you too.  Do you understand?"  "Yes Miss Jacobs, I understand."  "When you are
in bed, you will think about obeying and pleasing me but you will not play with
yourself in bed."  "If you understand me, get down on your knees and kiss and
lick my shoes, NOW." Todd dropped to his knees and began kissing and licking
Miss Jacobs's shoes while his penis bobbed up and down, fully erect.   Miss
Jacobs smiled and said  "Enough slave, there is a glass of warm milk for you on
your night stand, drink it all, shower and go to bed, I will come for you after
your nap."   Todd looked at Her beautiful ass as she walked out, then looked at
his cock, which was still standing straight out. 

     Todd got up quickly and went to the bathroom and shut the door.   His face
was flushed with lust and he furiously masturbated his cock in rhythm to his
deep breathing until he ejaculated into his hand with a moan as he sank to his
knees next to the stool.  The sperm kept coming until it spilled out of his hand 
onto the floor.  Slowly he recovered his senses and he started to wash the cum
off his hands in the sink.   Todd took some toilet paper and wiped up the cum
off the floor and carefully made sure he flushed it down the toilet.  After his
shower, Todd drank his warm milk and jumped up into bed completely naked and was
soon fast asleep, dreaming of the beautiful woman who was so dominant over him
and who played with him.

     In her office, Miss Jacobs watched the young man peacefully at sleep.  She
had been pleased that he could not help himself from jacking off over her in the
bathroom.  Cameras had been placed all over the  house so that nothing escaped
her recorders that were set to run when movement activated them.  The  milk he
drank contained a drug that would partially cleanse his memory of what had
happened between he and Miss Jacobs but would leave enough in his memory that he
would not be able to know if it were only a dream or if it did indeed happen. 
She so enjoyed the beginning of his trip to utter depravity.  It was going to be
like an ambush.  What chance did his 20 year old innocent mind have against her
42 year old cleverness.  She would weave a web around his mind that would be
impossible for him to break out of. She could make him into anything her mind
could conceive of.  This boy would be given multiple personalities that would
make him a valuable piece of property.  Men and women with different jaded
tastes would find him exactly what they wanted, and they would pay handsomely
for his services.  In two hours she would begin to play with his mind and
emotions and commence to turn him inside out. She was still working on his
college schooling.  It would be a problem for his training.  She had made a few
discreet phone calls and had two of Todd's future clients working on the
problem.  He would be dropping out of college this week without his knowledge. 
Records were being changed so that any notification or correspondence to his
mother, Mrs. Karen Walker would be sent to Miss. Jacobs.  As soon as Todd was
prepared to talk to his mother on the telephone, she would have him make a call
to her assuring her that everything was great.  But first, his real schooling
was about to commence.

End of Chapter 1 To be continued

Author:   Tallywacker38@yahoo.com




  Procurement & training Center      Chapter 2

     Sheila Jacobs walked silently into Todd's room and smiled her wicked smile. 
She said his name softly.  Todd stirred but did not awake from his drug-induced
nap.  She slipped off her robe and got into bed with him.  She snuggled to him
and his eyes half opened to see his new landlady in bed with him.  She guided 
his hand to her breasts and listened to him moan.  She whispered to him softly,
"My little girl Todd, my  little girl Todd, my little slave girl Todd, my little
slave girl Todd."  Over and over she whispered to him. Then she changed the
phrase.  "  Todd is my little sissy girl aren't you Todd?"  "Kiss and lick my
shoes little sissy slave girl Todd, beg to lick my pussy and my ass little sissy
Todd."  "You are my slave and  you must obey me or I will hurt you sissy Todd." 
"  Stick your tongue out if you understand me sissy." Todd moaned in his sleep
and his tongue came out of his mouth and was met with Miss Jacobs tongue.   She
pushed her tongue into his mouth and explored his mouth.  Her hand caressed his
rock hard cock  and cupped his balls, gently squeezing them.  After an hour of
talking and fondling her new property, she gave him final instructions to follow
when he awoke from his nap.  "  When you wake up sissy Todd, you will drink the
glass of juice on your nightstand. "  "You will drink it all."   You will then
come downstairs completely naked and come to me in my office."  "You will sit
down on my lap and play with yourself, do you understand?"  "Stick out your
tongue if you understand sissy Todd."   Todd's tongue again came out and Miss
Jacobs slipped out of the bed, picked up her robe and walked out of the room. 
Todd slept on and dreamed of the beautiful Miss Jacobs who loved him.

     Todd's eyes slowly opened and he stared at his surroundings without moving. 
He was groggy and felt exhausted and desperately tried to orient himself.  A
noise was coming from something.  Finally he sat up in bed and saw the clock
radio and reached over and shut it off.   Next to the radio was his glass of
juice which he picked up and sipped on while he tried to clear his mind.   He
was alone and naked, but had he been dreaming or did Miss Jacobs sleep with him? 
He tried to sort things out but his mind was still fuzzy. He looked down at his
cock and saw it waving back at him.  His hand went down to it he began
masturbating.  He was so horny and wanted to cum but the dream came back to him
and he remembered that he was to come downstairs right away and sit down on Miss
Jacobs lap and play with himself there.  Todd had never felt like this before. 
His heart was racing and he wanted to go to Miss Jacobs but

something in him said what if this was a dream?  Could it have been a dream? 
Was Miss Jacobs, naked? in bed with him, telling him those exciting words all a
dream?  Suddenly he looked at the glass of juice in his hand.   Sure, he
remembered she had said drink all your juice!   Yes, he thought, it was real,
she is waiting for me downstairs.  Todd took one last gulp and finished his
juice.  He wanted to be in Miss  Jacob's lap with her playing with his cock. 
She was so beautiful and he had fallen in love with her.  He  headed out of his
room, holding his cock with his bare ass swinging.

    Walking down the stairs, Todd grabbed the handrail.   He wondered why he
felt so dizzy.  It would be embarrassing to fall down the stairs he thought.  He
reached the bottom and walked to Miss Jacobs office.  She was sitting in the
couch holding a newspaper up in front of her.  She did not see him.  He  walked
up to her and waited, not knowing what to do, but something in his head reminded
him, he was to sit down on her lap and play with himself.  Todd sat his naked
ass down on his beautiful landlady's lap and grabbed his cock.  Miss Jacobs
screamed and jumped up, dumping Todd down on the floor.

     " YOU FILTHY BOY!"  " WHAT DO YOU MEAN ATTACKING ME AND YOU ARE NAKED!"
"Shame on you and after all I have offered you for such cheap rent and you treat
me like this!"  "WELL, WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO SAY FOR YOURSELF, YOU LITTLE
PERVERT!"  "  I'M GOING TO CALL YOUR MOTHER RIGHT NOW!"  "I am so very
disappointed in you and shocked that you would think you could attack me and
after only being here a few hours!"  "  AND YOU WERE PLAYING WITH YOUR PENIS
TOO!"

     Todd was crying uncontrollably and was on his knees rambling and sobbing. 
He was almost out of his mind with fright.  What had he done?  What was
happening to him?  He had dreamed a sexual fantasy and had thought it was real
and now he was ruined.  His mother would die of embarrassment and shame.   His
brother would find out too and everyone else.  He was so humiliated and scared. 
He crawled on his knees to Miss Jacobs who was holding the telephone in her
hand.  "Please Miss Jacobs, I am not well." Something is wrong with me and I am
so sorry!"   "I will do anything to make it right with you but please don't tell
my mom, it would kill her!"  "I had a dream and it seemed so real and, oh, I
don't know why or how I could have done such a thing!"   "  I promise, I have
never done anything like that before and I  will never do it again!"  "Please
give me a chance to make this up to you, I will work for you all day and all
night, please don't call my mother, please, please!"  Todd was shaking and
crying so hard, his tears were all over the beautiful hardwood floor.   Miss
Jacobs was bursting with joy at his breakdown.  She  had the little pussyboy
right in her hands.  It had been so easy.  His sheltered upbringing with no man
in the house had made him easy prey.  She sat down in a chair and held her hands
to her face and faked a good cry causing Todd to kneel down kissing her shoes
while still slobbering how sorry he was and  begging for forgiveness.

     Sheila Jacobs was excited as she looked down at the naked boy kissing her
shoes.   Her shoes were getting wet from his tears and his penis had gone soft
and shrunk to half its normal size.  She could see He was shaking in fear.  His
Mother had not even gotten home yet from bringing him to her and she had Him
shivering like a dog with his cock between his legs.  She stood up and walked
away from him, crying Saying, " I should call your mother or the police."  Todd
crawled after her on his knees begging, "Please Miss Jacobs, I will do anything
if you give me another chance, anything you say, I will work for you for
Nothing, but please let me stay."  Sheila stopped crying and turned around and
looked at him, anger showing on her face.  "So, young man, you like being naked,
do you?"

     Todd cried, " No Miss Jacobs, I think I am sick or something, I don't know
what has happened to me!" "I have never done anything like this before, I am so
sorry, Please, I will do anything for you, please let me stay and show you,
please!!"  I will go upstairs and put my clothes on and come right back down but
please don't call my mother or the police."  "I promise I will be so good!" 
Miss Jacobs stamped her foot down on the floor hard and screamed at him, " NO
YOU DON'T, Until I decide what to do about your filthy behavior, you will wear
NO CLOTHES!"  "DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?"  Todd cringed and Hastened to agree with
the angry woman, "Yes Miss Jacobs, whatever you say Miss Jacobs!"  Todd's' hands
were in front of him in an attempt at modesty as he was still shivering in fear. 
Miss Jacobs sat down on the couch again and eyed him making his humiliation
complete.  "Put your hands down to your side, young man."  "You seemed to want
me to see your privates earlier," Miss Jacobs sneered at him.  "I am inclined to
give you a chance to make amends, Todd, but if you show me the slightest
disobedience I will not only call your mother, but the police as well," Miss
Jacobs stared at him and hissed, " Do you understand?"  Todd  thanked her and
thanked her,  " Miss Jacobs, I promise you won't be sorry, I will do everything
you say or want me to do, I promise, thank you, thank you!"  She lowered her
eyes to his penis and Todd turned red with embarrassment and shame.  "It would
seem that little soft protrusion is what is causing your problems,  would you
not agree Todd?"  Todd's embarrassment was total, but he knew better than to
disagree with Miss Jacobs and quickly said, "yes Miss Jacobs."  Miss Jacobs
seemed in deep thought as she kept her eyes squarely on his penis.  Todd
suddenly realized he was slowly starting to get excited and knew his penis was
going to show it in a moment.  He remained standing naked in front of the
beautiful Miss Jacobs, trying to think of other things.   He thought about
baseball, football, politics and masturbating.  The thought of playing with
himself took over all his thoughts and his penis took advantage of it and sprang
to life in defiance of him.  Miss Jacobs laughed to herself at his predicament. 
She had purposely crossed her legs and allowed Todd to see the top of her nylons
and he had lost the game.  "TODD," she screamed at him and got up and grabbed
his ear and marched him over to the corner of the room and held his nose to the
wall.  "You will stand in this corner until I tell you to move, DO YOU
UNDERSTAND ME?"  Todd stood shaking and crying uncontrollably, his penis once
again had retreated and his balls had disappeared.  He could hear Miss Jacobs
talking on the telephone to someone.  She was telling him that there had been a
problem with one of Her students and could he come over and tell her what she
should do.  Todd was frightened beyond belief as His tears continued to fall. 
Miss Jacobs came over to him and began talking in a soothing voice as her hand
gently wiped tears from his eyes.  "I don't know what has happened to you Todd,
but I am going to try and help you if I can."  "Would you like me to help you
honey?"  Todd could only nod his head as Miss Jacobs's hand softly pet him. 
Miss Jacobs continued talking to him; I have an acquaintance who is a police
Officer and he is coming over to visit with me about what to do about your
behavior towards me."  "  He is  Probably going to want to talk to you and I
suggest that you listen to what he has to say because he will try And talk me
into filing charges against you and take you to jail."  "If I am going to be
able to help you and spare your mother a great deal of pain and hurt, you will
have to learn to obey completely."  "Do you hear What I am saying Todd?"  Todd
answered,  "yes Miss Jacobs, I will obey everyone, I promise."  "Please give Me
a chance to show that I am a good boy, I promise I will obey you."  Miss Jacobs
smiled as she dropped her hand down his back, slowly rubbing him and watching as
his cock started growing again.  She turned Todd around and hugged him to her
and let both her hands rest oh his ass cheeks and felt his hard-on poke her. 
Todd threw both arms around her neck and continued crying.  "There, there my
little sweetheart, I will try and talk Mr. Allen out of filing charges against
you, but you must promise not to cause any more trouble and especially with him,
do you understand Todd honey?"   "Yes, Miss Jacobs," Todd sobbed.

     Sheila patted his ass cheek with her hand and turned him back into the
corner.  "He should be any time now and I think it would be wise for him to see
you being punished like this, don't you Todd?  Todd was Embarrassed to think
that a man was going to see him standing naked in the corner like a small child
and He asked Miss Jacobs if he could please put some pants on before he arrived. 
"Oh no Todd," Sheila quickly said,  " It will be better that he sees that you
are being punished this way, and I can talk him out of taking you to jail." 
"Yes Miss Jacobs," Todd meekly answered.

     Todd heard the doorbell ring and listened to Miss Jacobs's high heels
clicking across the floor.  He heard a mans' voice talking and then a door shut. 
They had gone into another room and he could faintly here them talking more.  It
seemed to Todd as if he had been in the corner for over an hour, when he heard
the door open and footsteps across the floor.  Miss Jacobs spoke,  "Todd, you
may turn around now and say hello to Sgt. Allen."  Todd turned around and stared
into the face of Sgt. Allen.  He must have been at least 6ft. 6 and he was not
smiling.  Todd's already soft cock and balls retreated even further as Todd
could not control His trembling.  Miss Jacobs continued,  " Todd, Sgt. Allen
seems to think he should take you in and book you but I am not so sure."  I have
asked him to at least talk to you before he makes up his mind and I will have to
abide by his decision, I'm sorry."  " I have an appointment at the beauty shop
so I must leave, but Sgt. Allen has agreed to stay with you and interview you
before he makes up his mind.  I will be back in about two hours."  "Please obey
Sgt. Allen for me honey."  Miss Jacobs then grabbed her coat and went out To her
car.

     Sgt Allen and I were alone in the house and he stood there staring at me. 
I finally broke first, saying, "Listen Sgt. Allen, I'm really sorry for what
happened, I cannot explain this logically but" Before Todd could say another
word Sgt. Allen stepped forward , his hand shot out and slapped Todd across his
face knocking him into the wall where he slid down to the floor stunned.  Sgt.
Allen then calmly reached down and grabbing a handful of Todd's hair slowly
pulled him up to a standing position.  His face came closer to Todd's and he
smiled, saying, " What you say and what you do between now and when Miss Jacobs
comes Back will decide your future for the next 15 years and indeed the rest of
your life."  "Do you hear me punk?"  "Yes," Todd murmured.  Sgt. Allen smiled;
Sheila had accurately described the boys' demeanor.  If he had any balls, they
had been left behind with his mother he thought.  He always liked this part of
the breaking in process.  In less than 6 hours, this boys' life had been turned
upside down.  He was a young man full of excitement at being away from his
mother and in college, living in a beautiful mansion. With a beautiful woman. 
He had been thinking of having girls over to show them where he now lived in
sumptuous surroundings and hoping to get into their pants but now......    Well,
now, Miss Jacobs had him by the balls such as they were and he was here to
convince him that he was now totally owned and operated by Miss. Jacobs.  He
would not be going to college, He would not be fucking girls, He would not even
be masturbating unless he was given permission.  Yes, It was safe to say his
life would never be the same again.  Sgt. Allen pulled Todd along to the
bathroom and to the stool.  "  Piss now."  Todd reached down and took his penis
In his hand and immediately peed long and hard.  When he was done, Sgt. Allen
pulled Him by his hair again to Miss Jacobs office and locked the door.


End of chapter 2
Email the Author   tallywacker38@yahoo.com
To be continued




Procurement & training center    chapter 3


     Sgt. Allen, led Todd into Miss Jacob's office by holding him by his hair. 
Todd, completely naked and shaking with fear stumbled along trying to keep from
falling.  After entering the office, Sgt. Allen locked The door.  He let go of
Todd's hair and smiled again at him, then started slapping his face back and
forth. Todd cried hard but made no effort to defend himself or move.  In his
heart, he knew it would be useless.  He weighed 140 and was a mere 5ft 3 and the
man who was abusing him was at least 6ft 6 and well over 250 pounds.  Sgt. Allen
talked to him as he slapped him,  "I understand you tried to rape Miss Jacobs,
is  that right punk?"  Todd cried and stuttered, "no sir, I didn't, please
believe me sir!"  Sgt. Allen let Todd go and sat down on the couch and eyed the
naked 19 year old boy.  Miss Jacobs had a beautiful one here, he thought.  He
was going to make a great sissy girl, and a wonderful cocksucker.  He wanted the
boy sucking on his cock now, but he restrained himself.  No, this is going to
have to be set up correctly to insure his cooperation and to do that, he
continued to plan his assault on the boys' mind.  The boy would be sucking his
cock within the hour, but first things first.  The setup would have to be
completed.  Miss Jacob's idea of using the drug that kept him drifting in and
out of reality always worked well.  When Todd was deeply under the effects of
the drug, Miss Jacobs used her soft voice and soft body to send his hormones
into high gear.  Then, when he was returning to reality, he did not know it, and
continued to be the person he was when he was under the drug.  Miss Jacobs was
indeed turning him inside out emotionally.         "Now," Sgt. Allen said to
Todd,  "Tell me your side of the story, did Miss Jacobs seduce you or give you
any reason to think she wanted you naked and on her lap?"   Todd thought
quickly, If he said anything against Miss Jacobs who wanted to help him, Sgt.
Allen would tell her and she would be done with him and he would go to jail for
sure.  He had to protect his relationship with her.  Todd instead told Sgt.
Allen that he thought he was having some kind of illness spell, and could not
really explain his horrible actions but he assured him that it would never
happen again if he would give him a chance to prove that he was a good and
decent man.

     Sgt. Allen knew from experience that now was the moment he had been waiting
for.  The moment he lived for.  The moment he would destroy Todd's old life and
give him his new life.  "MAN?"  He shouted At Todd,  "You a man,"  "that is the
funniest thing I have ever heard of in my life."  "Look at you, you're so tiny,
like a girl, look at your body, you have the body of a girl with pretty legs and
a great ass!"  "Fuck, boy, you're a girl!"  "Look at you crying again, that's
what girls do, they cry!"  "You're a girl, Todd."  Tell Me you're a girl, I want
to hear you say it, and you better say it or you're going to jail sure as I'm
sitting here.  Todd looked down at the floor and saw his penis getting larger as
he repeated the words, " I am a girl, I am a girl, I am a girl."  Sgt. Allen
gloated,  "See there, saying you are a girl is giving you a hard-on and girls
don't get a hard-on, do they pussyboy?"  "No Sir," replied Todd. 

     "Get your sweet ass over here pussy and lay down across my lap and do it
NOW," Sgt. Allen yelled at Todd.  Todd was shaking and crying again as he
hurried to comply with the orders.  The Sgt. Pulled him down and moved his hands
over Todd's ass and could feel Todd's cock on his legs.  He told Todd that he
was going to be spanked for trying to rape Miss. Jacobs and for getting a
hard-on without permission and that he fully expected him to cry as little girls
do when they are spanked.  Todd was also warned that he better not attempt to
get off his lap or he would immediately take him to jail.

     Frank Allen was a city police sergeant and had been one for 7 years.  His
relationship with Miss Jacobs had begun 2 years ago when a naked young man had
waved him down on the dirt road just west of town.  The man had babbled on to
him about a woman who was keeping him captive and that he had escaped with no
clothes because she had taken them from him.  The guy was probably about 21
years of age and had a very slight build.  He was about 5ft 7 and weighed
probably 150 pounds.  Frank locked him in the back of the police car and visited
more with him, getting as much information as he could.  It seemed that the boy
actually lived there with Miss Jacobs and for some reason had a falling out with
her.  He decided that it would be prudent to check this out before making a
report or notifying anyone.  He told the boy that they would go and talk with
Miss Jacobs now and for him to shut up and not say anything until he was asked
to speak.  The boy agreed and sat shivering, holding his hands in front of his
privates at an attempt to hide them. 

     Frank had driven to Miss Jacobs's mansion and since at that time there had
been no fence around the property, driven right to the front door.  He had taken
the boy by the arm and rang the doorbell.  Miss Jacobs opened the door and
immediately thanked him for finding her student resident who had been upset by
some discipline she had insisted on giving him for disobedience.  The boy had
tried to break away but Frank had held him firmly by the arm and pushed him
inside the house, where Miss Jacobs grabbed him by the ear and took him in to
her office.  She told the Sgt. That the boy had walked into her office naked and
was quite aroused and had gotten fresh with her. 

     Sheila Jacobs actually knew a great deal about the Sgt. Allen.  When she
had moved here, four years ago, to set up her operation, she had her sources
investigate the powers that be.  From the Mayor on down, she knew things about
them that most of the local people did not know.  She knew for instance that the
Mayor, John Willows was having an affair with Karen Weller.  She knew that that
Betsy Prose, a teller at the bank, had been caught embezzling and was being
blackmailed for sexual favors by the bank president.  She also knew that Sgt.
Allen, divorced, living alone, liked young men.  His former wife had been very
willing to tell everything she knew about her ex-husband.  It seems he had been
blackmailing a young man who he had caught in the park soliciting sex.  His wife
who immediately sued for divorce had found out the arrangement.  She had taken
him to the cleaners and let her friends know what her husband had done.  Sgt.
Allen left town and settled here, where no one knew of his past.  He was hired
by the police dept. and after only three years had made Sergeant.  Sheila Jacobs
quickly formulated a play to utilize Sgt. Allen's position and penchant for
young men.

     Sheila Walker had spanked the boy's naked ass in front of him and had seen
that the Sgt. Had gotten a huge hard-on from watching.  She had allowed the boy
to struggle off her lap and resist her.  Frank Allen had jumped in to help her
by grabbing the boy.  She had feigned injury to her hand and thought she should
go to the doctor to get it checked, but did not know what to do about the boy
who had attacked her.  Sgt. Walker had volunteer to watch him until she got back
if she wanted him to.  He had told her that then, she could make up her mind if
she wanted to press charges for attempted rape.  Sheila had thanked him for his
thoughtfulness and quickly got her car keys and said she would be back as soon
as possible.  Then, she asked if the Sgt. Would mind finishing his spanking for
her and he told her, he would at least talk to the boy.

     The young man waited until Miss Walker had left, then he got up to leave
the room.  Sgt. Allen had to tell him to sit down.  He had been turned on by the
boy and his emotions got the best of him.  He told the boy he was a liar and
everyone would know he was.  Then he explained that he was going to ask him to
do something for him and if he refused, he would make sure Miss Walker would
press charges, and so would he for resisting arrest.  He told the boy, if he
refused, he could count on at least 5 years in the state pen and the black gangs
there would make him there little slave girl.  The boy's defiance had
disintegrated and he gave up.  The Sgt. had the boy on his knees sucking his
cock for the next 30 minutes and had cum in his mouth twice.  Sgt. Allen then
told him, if he said anything about it, he would encourage Miss Walker to file
charges.  If he kept his mouth shut he would let him alone.  The boy had agreed
quickly and thanked the Sgt. When Miss Walker had returned, the Sgt. Had
informed her, that the boy had a change of heart and would be good and that he
had also spanked him for her.  Mrs. Walker had thanked him; sent the boy to his
room and asked the Sgt. If they could have a talk about a part time position
with her business.  She had turned on the VCR and rewound a tape as she talked. 
When she turned it to play, the Sgt. Became alarmed to know she had recorded his
punishment session with the boy.  She calmly popped the tape out and handed it
to him and told him to relax.  She had know he liked young men and had told him
that if he would help her on a part time basis, she would make it worth his
while.  When she had told him how it worked, what his part would be and that his
cut per young man procured and trained would run from 25000. to $75,000, he had
told her he would be honored to join her. After his nasty divorce, he had not
recovered financially, but now he could see that this was a dream come true.       
Now, here he was with another young man who was naked across his lap, rubbing
his cute ass with his hands.  Feeling the boy's hard-on between his legs as he
spoke to Todd.  "So, you like to prance your cute ass around naked, is that
right pussyboy?"  "Did you really think that you would be able to fuck Miss
Jacobs?"  That would be like a poodle trying to fuck a great dane, you little
pussy."  "What were you going to do, stand on a chair," Frank laughed.  Todd was
frightened and embarrassed, but why was he having this raging hard-on?  This big
man was treating him like a little girl and it was turning him on.  I am laying
naked on this man's lap and he is feeling my ass and I have a hard-on, Todd
thought.  Todd turned his head towards the man and voiced his objection as
respectfully as he knew how.  "Sgt., Sir, I am not gay, I don't like boys, I
like girls, please sir."  Frank smiled, this was so sweet, to think that this
young 19 year old boy was objecting to being treated like a fag, yet in a few
minutes, he would know that not only was he going to be gay, but a gay slave. 
Sgt. Allen continued to set him up for it.  "Listen to me closely Todd.  I have
a jail full of tough guys, white and black that would be sooo happy if I brought
you to jail.  They would be fighting to see who owned you."  "Do you know why
Todd?"  "Because whoever owns you will fuck your mouth, he will fuck your ass,
and he will be so tired from fucking you he won't be able to get out of his bunk
to take a piss."  "But he won't have to Todd, pussyboy, because he will have
you."  "He will just snap his finger and point to his cock and you will rush
right over to him and insert his cock in your mouth and be ready to drink his
piss without spilling any."  "Do you know why you will obey him Todd?"  Because,
In the beginning, you disobeyed, thinking that you weren't gay and that you were
a man, but after being beaten, you did exactly as you were told, because you are
not a man."  Frank gently pried his ass cheeks apart and caressed his crack as
his finger slowly inched inward toward its' goal.  He could feel Todd's' cock
twitching and knew from his labored breathing that he had lost another round in
the game of seduction. 

     Todd felt the police officers' fingers invading his ass.  One finger was
inching closer to his asshole and no one had ever done that before and he knew
he was not a man after all.  He knew he was more a girl than a man.  The man was
right after all.  Todd made up his mind right then that he was being used by a
bigger male that he was and it served him right for only being 5ft 3.  It serves
his mother right too for leaving him in this place where his life had fallen
apart so quickly.  He suddenly realized that it was exciting to be at the mercy
of this man.  He knew that now he did not have to pretend he was a man anymore. 
Why didn't he accept the truth years ago when all the other kids called him
homo, queer, pussy, cunt and make fun of him?  He had wasted years trying to be
a man and now he knew the truth.  He was meant to server stronger people and
obey them and make himself useful to them so they would be pleased with him and
he would not be hurt by them.  "Ughhh, the mans' finger was going inside his
asshole and Todd found himself helping to spread his ass by moving his legs a
little farther apart. 

     Sgt. Allen noticed his helpful movement and praised him for it.  "  That's
right pussyboy, you're a good girl now."  "This is what you were destined for,
this is what you were built for.  " Are you listening to me Todd?"  Todd winched
as the finger probed his rectum,  " Yes, " he replied.  Frank withdrew his
finger and brought his hand down hard on Todd's' ass, WHACK, WHACK, WHACK,
WHACK, WHACK.  Todd yelled loudly and began crying again, he had never been so
much as in a small fight in his life and could not ever remember being spanked
by his mother and it was stinging his ass with pain.  "Listen to me Todd, you
need to show me respect."  "You do not answer me or Miss Jacobs like that again. 
You will show me the proper respect by addressing me as Master when we are
alone.  Sgt. Allen when there are others around, do you understand, answer me?"  
"Yes Sir, Master, thank you Master," Todd cried.

     "Good girl, good girl," Frank praised him.  " Now I must ask you for a
decision."  "Do you wish to stay here with Miss Jacobs, or do you want to come
with me to the jail and become a cocksucker for all the inmates?"  Todd cried
harder, but Sgt. Allen could hear him between sobs, begging to be allowed to
stay with Miss Jacobs, that he would obey her and be a good boy.  "No Todd, If
you stay with Miss Jacobs, you will not be a good boy, You will be whatever Miss
Jacobs wants you to be and obey her every command, won't you?"   "Yes, Yes,
Master, I will, I will, Thank you Master!"  "Hush, Hush, little girl," Frank
interrupted, "I'm sure you will obey."  "Now Todd, would you like me to spank
you and make your pretty little ass bright red so Miss Jacobs will know you have
been properly punished and allow you to stay with her?"  "Yes Master,"Todd said,
knowing that Miss Jacobs was expecting him to be punished for being bad.  Frank
praised his little play toy again,  "good girl, and after I spank you, I am
going to give you a reward."  "A treat that I want you to enjoy, because I will
be treating you often, would you like that, my little pussyboy?"   Yes Master,"
answered Todd, who was no longer crying.  Suddenly, Franks' hand came slapping
down hard on his ass in rapid succession, first on one cheek and then the next
and on and on as Todd bucked up and down screaming and crying as the tears
flowed.  Finally, it ended, but not the crying. Frank laid his hand on Todd's
bright red-hot ass and comforted the boy.  After a few minutes, He spoke.  "Todd
honey, I want you to get up and kneel in front of me, do it now."  Todd got off
and kneeled in front of the police officer, his Master."  "Listen carefully
Todd, You are going to unzip my pants."  "You are going to pull my cock out and
put it in your mouth and softly suck on it until I cum in your mouth."  You are
going to swallow every drop of cum and clean my cock with your tongue
afterwards, do you understand?"  Every fiber in Todd's mind said, no, this is
wrong, but his cock was so hard and he was So excited at the obsceneness of it
all, he could only say, "Yes Master."  "Do it now slave." Frank ordered.

     Todd crawled closer to the Sgt. and reached out and fumbled with his
zipper.  He had never unzipped another man's pants before and he was awkward,
but he managed to do it.  His own cock was about ready to explode from
excitement as he reached in and found the mans huge cock and carefully pulled it
out.  Frank reminded Todd that, "If you hurt it in any way, you will get another
spanking just like the last one boy."

     The big cock sprung out of his pants like a flagpole and Todd moved his
face with it, capturing it with his lips.  He thrilled to the wickedness of it
all.  If his mother and brother and friends could just see me now, I bet they
would be surprised and jealous of me, Todd thought to himself.  He also thought
that this all was their fault and it served them right that he was sucking a
man's cock.  He could not comprehend that his reasoning process was now flawed
and the first evidence of the whole point of his training.  Todd massaged
Frank's cock with his tongue and was surprised at the pleasant velvety feeling
his tongue encountered.  He slowly moved his mouth back and forth over the
length of the entire cock, not wanting to let one inch go unexplored.  The man
who owned the cock was making strange guttural noises and was moving his cock to
meet his lips.  Frank tapped Todd on his head and Todd opened his eyes to meet
Franks gaze.  Frank whispered, "keep you eyes on my cock, and I want to hear you
make slurping noises pussyboy" Todd's answer was garbled but respectful, " yebg
maszer" Todd started slurping the huge cock now, making wet smacking sounds that
excited even him.

     Todd sucked noisily on his first cock.  His own cock harder than it had
ever been, reaching for relief, but not finding it so it continued to sway
blindly.  Frank continued talking to his new cocksucker, " You are no man
pussyboy, but you are going to make a very fine cocksucker and I want you to
feel very proud of being able to suck cock."  "I wish your dear sweet mother
could see you sucking my cock."  "She would be so proud of you Todd."  "Not at
first though, I suppose she would think you had let her down and that you had
turned into a worthless cocksucker."  "But after watching you for awhile, she
would have to agree that you actually were a worthless son, not good at
anything, that you had let her down all your life,"  "Don't you agree Todd?" 
Todd could only nod his head yes.  "But now, she would have to agree that her
son was going to turn into a very fine cocksucker."  "You should feel very proud
Todd."  Todd's eyes had closed and the humiliation of the words he was listening
to and the soft feeling of the hard cock in his mouth had all but sent him over
the edge of lust.

     Suddenly, Sgt. Allen's breathing was becoming heavy and he groaned.  He
tapped Todd on the head and Todd again opened his eyes.  Frank spoke to him,
"Listen closely, you will keep your eyes on my cock, and when I cum in your
mouth, you will not swallow it."  "The cum will be warm, and thick."  "I want
you to hold it in your mouth and get used to the wonderful taste of it because
you will swallowing a great deal of cum in the future."  " I will hold your head
steady and withdraw my cock until only the head is in your mouth which will
leave room for my cum."  "Blink your eyes twice at me if you think you can do
that my little pussyboy."  Todd's eyes slowly blinked twice.  Frank patted his
head softly, " Good girl, Todd, Good girl, here it comes sweetheart, don't spill
any."  Todd's eyes were wide open, The Sgt. Held his head tightly with both
hands and the cock was moving slowly in and out of his mouth.  In and out, in
and out, in and out.  Todd felt the fat muscle using his lips.  Todd knew that
the cock was his master and the very purpose of his existence was to be
available to the cock for its pleasure.  A thought came in to Todd's mind not. 
Maybe this is not real, maybe it's another dream.  He felt like it was real but
he felt that way when he had dreamed that Miss. Jacobs was in bed with him and
she was naked and he was sucking on her breasts and she was masturbating him. 
He had dreamed that Miss Jacobs had made him take off his clothes as soon as his
mom had left and talked to him dirty and played with his penis.  But it was only
a dream and he had thought it was real and he had acted like it was real and
gotten into big trouble.   He cautioned himself to not take this too seriously. 
This too was surely a dream.  But it was so erotic and exciting.  He finally
decided to enjoy it because eventually the dream would end and he would go back
to his life and back to college.

     "Ummm, " Frank groaned and sent his cum into Todd's waiting mouth. 
"AGGHHHH," Frank passed his seed into his little pussyboy girl.  Todd felt the
warm fluid hit the back of his mouth and he concentrated on holding it without
gagging and swallowing.  In and out the cock slid, depositing more cum.  Todd's
lips held on tight least any cum escape.  His eyes watched his Master as he
slowly recovered from his fucking. Then it was finished.  The hands still held
Todd's head, Todd's lips still gripped the head of the cock, Todd's mouth still
held the warm cum.  Occasionally, the cock head jerked, and more cum slid into
the waiting receptacle.  There was only the heavy breathing of Sgt. Allen and
Todd.  Sgt. Allen had just had the most exciting climax of his life.  He
chuckled to himself, Hell; the induction of the new pussys was always like this. 
He looked at the pretty boy in front of him, still holding his semi hard cock. 
Miss. Jacobs had told him his cut of the price for this boy may be close to
$75,000.  He wished he could quit the department, but he knew that his position
there was important to his position here with Miss. Jacobs.  The money he was
receiving for these young men had made his police pay totally unimportant now. 
How he loved this job.

     Now it was time for the next part of Miss Jacobs planned programming of
Todd's mind.  The word game was very important to keeping Todd's mind confused. 
Todd was being taken down a long road, with many twists and turns, leading him
to a state of mind; from which he would never be able to find his way back
again.  Sgt. Allen whispered to Todd.  Todd, holding the head of the cock with
his lips, concentrating on not swallowing the warm cum in his mouth, listened
intently to the important words his Master was telling him, his heart beating
wildly in his chest.


To be continued
E-mail the Author
Tallywacker38@yahoo.com




Procurement & Training Chapter4
Continued:               by tallywacker38@yahoo.com


     The 19-year-old Todd, knelt, holding Sgt. Allen's cum and his cock head in
his mouth as he listened to his Master's words.  Sgt. Allen and Miss. Jacobs had
planned and refined the mind washing of Todd.  Using techniques that included
soft drugs, threats of jail, public exposure as an attempted rapist, physical
violence, sexual suggestions and humiliation, they had taken Todd's confused
mind to a place it had never been before. 

     Sgt. Allen continued talking to Todd.  "If you tell Miss. Jacobs what I am
doing to you, I will call you a liar and I will definitely take you downtown to
the jail and give you to those sexual predators to use for the next 5 years at
least, do you understand pussyboy?"  "Blink your eyes once slowly."  Todd's eyes
blinked in acknowledgement. "I will recommend to Miss. Jacobs that you be given
another chance to make good here at her home, but that if you should even
slightly disobey or disagree with any of her wishes, she is to call me and I
will come back, handcuff you, charges will be filed and you will be lodged with
several men who will treat you like a communal whore.  Your mother and everyone
will know of what you tried to do and your life will be over.  "At any time, if
you fail to obey Miss Jacobs or ME, you go to jail. "Do you still have my cum in
your mouth pussyboy?"  Todd's eyes blinked slowly.  "Good girl, Frank said as he
patted Todd's head.  "After I am gone and Miss Jacobs releases you from the
corner of the room, I want you to fall on your knees and kiss and lick her shoes
like a little puppy dog". " Because I am going to recommend that Miss. Jacobs
treat you like that for awhile until you learn some control over your actions." 
" After some needed discipline has corrected your bad manners, I am going to
suggest that Miss. Jacobs take away all the clothes you brought with you, and
give you some girl clothes to wear."  You will quickly agree to what Miss.
Jacobs wants to do, because I want a pretty boy/girl sucking my cock."  You will
make a very pretty transvestite, sweetheart, and you will do it, because if you
don't, you know what will happen."  "Blink your eyes if you understand
pussyboy."  Todd's eyes blinked slowly.  "Now, I want you to slowly begin
swallowing my cum and then I want you to lovingly lick any cum off my cock, do
it now."  Todd swallowed the cum and realized that this was all he had eaten
since earlier in the day when Miss. Jacobs had given he and his mom refreshments
when they arrived.  Todd then went to work with his tongue softly licking Sgt.
Allen's cock until it was clean.  Sgt. Allen then had Todd blow softly on his
cock until it was dry and allowed him to put his cock back in his pants and zip
them up.  "Now pussy, stand up and let me see your ass."  Todd's ass was still a
bright red but Frank pulled him down over his lap again and whipped his ass
more, causing Todd to begin crying again. " Now, my little cocksucking pussy,
kiss my feet and get your ass back to the corner where Miss. Jacobs had you
standing and wait for her."  Todd turned to leave and Sgt. Allen gave him one
last hard slap on his ass as Todd ran to his corner.

     When Miss Jacobs drove up to the big house, Sgt. Allen was standing outside
casually throwing small stones into the beautiful pond by the side of the house. 
He waved at her and walked to meet her.  They sat down on the patio and
discussed the day's events and the present condition of her property's mental
condition.  Miss. Jacobs was pleased with Sgt. Allen's work with Todd and
thanked him and shared with him, her feelings that this young man could be worth
more to them by keeping him as rental property than just selling him completely. 
She told him that if they did keep him, he would still receive his 25% of
generated income and the boy's services would always be available to him
whenever he wanted him.  Sgt. Allen smiled, saying, "Sheila, you're the boss,
I'm very happy with our arrangement and whatever you decide is fine with me." 
"Do you have any idea how long Todd's training is going to take and do you have
your eye on your next student resident?"

      Miss. Jacobs reached down and extracted a manila envelope out of her
handbag and set it on the table.  "  Hey, Todd hasn't even been here 24 hours
yet." " Much too early to see that far down his road."  "But, yes, I have
another boy I am looking at."  Taking a photo out of the envelope and handing it
to him, she said, "What do you think?"  Frank Allen looked at the picture of a
young man. ' He was totally naked, standing in a shower room washing himself."
He was very handsome, a great tan, muscles like he had been working out for
several years, and was carrying what Sgt. Allen judged to be about 8 or 9 inches
of soft cock.  "I'm impressed," He finally said as he handed the photo back to
her, "what's the deal with him?"

     Sheila Walker smiled.  "I have my ways."  "I have a friend who has a ritzy
adult bookstore.  He has watched this guy going from an infrequent visitor to an
almost daily patron.  He always watches the movies and always buys illustrated
transvestite books and magazines."  " He spends on the average of $100. Per week
on TV sex books, how can he do that?"  Frank laughed, "He wants to be a girl?" 
"Exactly," Sheila replied, "And I'm just the girl that can help him."  Frank
frowned, "But how did his photo get taken?"  "That's the interesting part," said
Sheila. " The guy that owns the store wanted to see more of him, so he told him
he was the weekly winner of the contest.  He told him he had won 8 hours of free
use of the VIP viewing room, complete with free movies, free books, bed and
mirrors and oh did I mention 2-way mirrors?"  "Oh shit," Frank laughed.  
"Anyway," Sheila continued, " The boy brings a bag with him which turns out is
full of things like nylons, garderbelts, wig, lipstick, nail polish and stuff
and poses in front of the mirrors looking at himself and playing with his flag
pole."  "And get this," " the boy can suck his own cock and do it very easily." 
Franks attention was drawn to the picture again, "wow, a TV able to suck his own
cock," "What are you going to do?"  Miss Jacobs smiled and said, " I have an
investigator looking into the boy's background and present circumstances, and I
have bought a film of him sucking his own cock."  "It's being sent to me."  "I
will let you know how it develops."   Miss Jacobs thanked him again and watched
Sgt. Allen drive away.  She then turned and went in the house to deal with her
sweet little submissive boy whose mind was in for more drugged juice, pleasure
and pain.

     Todd, standing naked in the corner, heard the door close, and then the
clicking of Miss Walker's high heels on the hardwood floors.  She stopped
somewhere behind him and then she spoke. " I see by your behind that the Sgt.
finished your spanking Todd."  "Are you ready to apologize to me now?"  Todd had
long finished his crying and he was eager to obey Miss Walker, "Yes, may I
please apologize Miss Walker?"  "Yes you may turn around and tell me how sorry
you are."  Todd turned around and faced the beautiful woman and immediately his
hands went to hide his privates as he started stuttering his apologizes. "Hands
to your side" Todd, Miss. Jacobs corrected.  Todd dropped his hands quickly and
began crying as he poured out his heart to Miss Jacobs and promised to obey her
every wish.  He pleaded for her to forgive her.  Miss Jacobs sat down in a
comfortable soft chair, snapped her fingers and pointed in front of her.  Todd
hurried to her and dropped to his knees and began kissing and licking her shoes,
thanking her for being so kind to him.  "I will forgive you, but you must still
be punished, and earn my forgiveness."  "Oh yes, Miss. Jacobs, thank you,
blubbered Todd."  Miss. Jacobs saw that Sgt. Allen had indeed prepared him well
and now she would take him back to his dream world of pleasure and confusion. 
"You must be hungry, thirsty and tired Todd, You will follow me on your hands
and knees to the kitchen so you can eat something, then you will take your
shower and go to bed for the night," instructed Miss. Jacobs.  "You will not be
going to jail as long as you are obedient, if you understand and agree, you may
nod your head."   Todd quickly nodded his head in relief and felt a wave of
happiness come over him as he crawled along behind his beautiful landlady

     Todd waited patiently as Miss. Jacobs fixed his supper.  She brought him a
glass of warm milk and told him to drink it all immediately, which Todd did.  He
had not realized that he was so hungry and the milk, although tasting funny
again, helped stop the hunger pangs that he had been having.  Miss Jacobs told
Todd to sit quietly and not to move while she attended to something and she
would feed him when she came back.  Todd nodded, he was afraid to talk and mess
things up.

     Time dragged on for Todd, and still no Miss. Jacobs.  He was still hungry
and still afraid to move without her permission.  He was so tired that his eyes
were getting heavy and he was falling asleep while on his hands and knees.  He
was having trouble focusing his eyes.  Finally, he heard the clicking of Miss
Jacobs's shoes coming.  When she walked into the kitchen, his attention was
drawn to her and his penis quickly grew to it's full hardened length.  Miss
Jacobs was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen in his life.  She was
almost naked, wearing a bikini type brazier and panties with a garderbelt and
nylons.  She also was wearing high heels that must have had 4 or 5-inch heels on
them and she now absolutely towered over him as she went to the counter to get
his supper.  Todd was breathing so hard now and his eyes were as large as silver
dollars as he could only stare openly. 

     Miss. Jacobs picked up a dish and patted Todd's head, saying, "come girl,"
and clicked her heels over to the table.  Todd obediently crawled behind her,
his eyes on the lovely curves of her buttocks.  She sat his dish on the table,
then went and retrieved her plate and brought it to the table.  She sat down and
looked at Todd who was still breathing hard.  She patted his head and sat his
dish down on the floor beside her and told him, "Eat girl, hands on the floor,
use your mouth only."  Todd looked down at his dish and then back at Miss.
Jacobs in confusion.  Miss Jacobs screamed at him, " Are you stupid, are you
disobeying me?"  Shaking with fear again, Todd lowered his head to his dish and
began eating his supper. It was bread and gravy poured over it and Todd was
getting gravy all over his face as he forced his face down into the dish to eat.

     Miss. Jacobs had positioned him so she could see what effect this was
having on Todd's cock.  When she had yelled at him, his cock had withdrawn and
now, as he was eating, his cock was returning to its usual hard state.  The drug
was working well with the boy and would take him even deeper into his dream
world.   She watched him eat like an animal and patted his head, offering praise
to him.  Good girl Todd, you are being a very good girl."  "I want you to lick
your dish clean girl," That's it girl, lick it clean for me." 
 
     Todd had a hard-on that he would like to play with, but Miss. Jacobs was
making him lick his bowl, and he was trying to keep his eyes on the beautiful
legs in front of him. He wanted to kiss Miss. Jacobs legs and tell her how much
he loved her and tell her he would do anything for her. "Miss. Jacobs," he
started.  Slap, came a stinging blow to his face as she corrected him, "Bad girl
Todd, you were not told to speak!"  The tears came to Todd's eyes quickly and he
cried in silence.  Miss Jacobs got up and wiped Todd's face off with a wet
washcloth and said, "Come girl."  Todd crawled behind her with his eyes full of
Miss Jacob's beautiful ass again.  She sat down in a chair, snapped her fingers
and pointed in front of her.  Todd quickly was there between her feet. 

     She smiled at Todd, softly speaking, "Would you like me to masturbate you
honey?"  "Yes please, Miss."  Slap, another stinging blow to Todd's face.  Miss.
Jacobs smiled again at Todd.  "Girl, you don't have permission to speak, you
must nod your head yes or no, do you understand?"  Todd nodded his tear-streaked
face.  Miss Jacobs explained to Todd that he had been bad and was being punished
so she could not play with his little penis.  "Todd, have you ever seen a dog
hump someone's leg before?" she asked. Todd nodded his head yes. "Would you like
to hump my leg without using your hands?"  Todd was breathing hard and sweating
now as he quickly nodded his head yes.  Miss. Jacobs smiled her wicked smile. 
She was enjoying Todd's trip to never never land. "After you lick my shoes
clean, you may hump my leg girl," she instructed.  Todd bent down and carefully
licked each shoe clean, then excitedly positioned himself in a squatting
position with his penis against Miss Walker's leg.  He excitedly began moving up
and down on her leg, rubbing his penis on her nylons.  Sheila looked at the
rutting boy who a few hours ago had been the pride and joy of his Mother and
marveled at the power a woman could hold over a male.  She had reduced this
normal young man to an obedient animal who would do anything to satisfy his
sexual desires, which she was embedding in his mind. She spread her legs apart
and he moved with the leg, not missing a stroke in his own movement.  His eyes
were focused on her thinly covered pussy as the sweat rolled down into his eyes.

     Miss Jacobs watched as Todd's eyes glazed over and the groan escaped from
his lips.  She could feel the warm cum squirting out onto her leg and she
grinned as Todd looked at her for approval.  She waited until his rutting and
jerking was finished before she pushed him down and instructed him to lick up
all the cum on her leg and on the floor. Todd sensed that he had pleased Miss.
Jacobs by humping her leg and it had been the best cum of his life.  It felt
good to Todd to finally make someone happy with him and to know he had done well
and she had smiled at him and called him a good girl when he had done such a
good job of licking up all the cum. 

     Sheila Jacobs pulled the boy up on her lap.  She put his head to her
breasts and whispered.  She immediately noticed his heart beating faster and his
cock again rose up to a standing position.  She reached down on his belly and
used her finger to wipe some cum off.  Her finger went to his mouth and pushed
inside.  Todd sucked the finger and moaned.  He was listening to Miss. Jackson
telling him that he was now her slave and that she owned him.  Miss Jacobs
watched his cock throbbing in renewed lust.  She knew he was hers now.  Any
possibility of resistance had been slapped and threatened out of him by Sgt.
Allen.  Now she was probing his mind for weaknesses, and susceptibility to
suggestions. She was actually giving him a lie detector test. She would tell him
of her plans for him and watch his cock's reaction.  She had learned a long time
ago that cocks do not lie no matter what its owner says.

     Sheila continued whispering in Todd's ear. "I am your Mistress and owner
Todd and you will obey me totally."  Todd nodded.  "You are not going to go to
college." "You will go to school right here in this house." "Your schooling here
will teach you all the important things you will need to know to be a good
slave." "Todd continued sucking on Miss. Jacobs fingers, his eyes falling closed
while he listened. "You will be taught to behave like the pretty girl you are."
"You will be dressed in nylons and high heels." "You will wear nylons and
garderbelts. "You will be taught how to put makeup and lipstick on to make
yourself attractive to the women and men who will use you sexually.  "If you
want to please me, you will ask me to help you become a she/male." " I will love
you if you if you obey me."  "I want you to paint your fingernails and toenails
a bright pink and I want you shave all that ugly body hair off." "Will you do
that for your Mistress?"  Todd nodded his head. I want you to wear pretty silk
panties and nylons, will you do that for your Mistress, Todd?" Todd nodded his
head again, his eyes opened partially, Miss. Jacobs continued, "I have lots of
pretty panties in my drawers Todd." "Do you want to go in my room and look in my
drawers at my pretty panties?" "Todd did not nod, he had fallen asleep on her
lap, his cock still hard.  The drug Todd had been given worked very well, He was
asleep, but he was still taking in information, which Miss. Jacobs was now
feeding him. She continued holding him as he still occasionally sucked her
finger.  Her other hand slowly massaging his semi hard cock as she whispered in
his ear.

 To be continued
Email the author     tallywacker38@yahoo.com




Procurement & training center      chapter 5

By  tallywacker38@yahoo.com


     Miss Jacobs opened the cabinet in her bedroom, turned the closed circuit
monitor on and sat down with her coffee.  She could see that Todd was still
sleeping off the effects of the drugged milk she had given him last night. After
he had fallen asleep, she had stood him up and walked the groggy boy upstairs to
his bedroom. She had put him to bed and then retired also. Today, Todd would
start out with a clear head and be faced with foggy memories of exciting sexual
activities that did or did not take place yesterday. She would see how he
reacted to them.  She anticipated that he would at some point end up in his
bathroom and masturbate.  That would be the moment she would walk in on him and
cause him his next shameful embarrassment. 

     Sheila walked next door to Todd's room and knocked several times then said
loudly, "Todd, time to get up and shower."  She heard Todd respond, "Yes Miss
Jacobs." She then went back to her bedroom and sat down again in front of the
monitor with her coffee and watched Todd still lying in bed.

     Todd was awake now.  He did not remember getting into bed.  Suddenly,
flashes of memory came flooding into his mind.  Was it real or was it a dream. 
He had been dreaming he knew.  He always dreamed about sex.  His hand went down
to his hard-on and fondled it lovingly, enjoying the pleasure. Wonderful visions
of Miss. Jacobs ass and legs.  She was so beautiful. Then a vision of her making
me eat out of a dish on the floor while he was naked came. She had told me to
hump her leg and cum on it. No, he thought, it must have been a dream.  He had
to be careful not to do something stupid again today and make her mad at him
again. Again, oh no, his mind went back to that guy, Sgt. Allen.  HE had been
real and he had made me suck his cock and told me if I said anything he would
take me to jail. Miss Jacobs would think I was lying. She would believe him not
me. So many thoughts were in his head. Were they dreams or reality? He did know
that his hard on was reality and he pulled the covers down and slowly
masturbated his cock. He needed to shower, but first he needed to cum.  Todd got
up and walked to his bathroom and closed the door and took some toilet tissue
and wadded it up and began in earnest, His head full of thoughts of she/male
slaves and eating off the floor and wearing panties and nylons.

     Miss Jacobs watched Todd go into the bathroom and wad the toilet tissue up.
His hand held his cock pulling it back and fourth.  She got up and walked to his
room.  She silently opened his door and went to the bathroom door. She quickly
opened the door while saying, "Todd are you in the shower?"  Todd froze in
horror; Miss Jacobs recoiled from the sight of her student resident engaging in
masturbation. Then she screamed," You filthy boy!"  Todd turned white as Miss.
Jacobs reached out and grabbed his cock, pulling him out of the bathroom,
through his room, down the hall and into her room next door.  Sheila threw him
on the bed and lit into his ass with her hand.  Todd tried saying he was sorry
but Miss. Jacobs had told him to shut up.  Miss Jacobs spanked long and hard.
The room was filled with Todd's crying and the sound of skin on skin. His ass
was a dark red when she finished, and rested. Todd's crying subsided but not the
pain. He was scared because he knew he was probably on the way to jail for sure
now.

     Miss. Jacobs moved her face within inches of Todd's face and hissed, "You
will obey me completely." " You will do everything I tell you to do now." Her
hand found Todd's balls, her fingers curling around them and slowly squeezed as
she talked. " Any disobedience from you and I will cut these little jewels of
yours off, understand?"  Todd nodded, the thought of what she had just said
causing him to shiver.  "You will never masturbate again unless you are given
permission." "NOW, get your ass in my bathroom, you will run bathwater and I
want you to shave all the hair on your body except on your head." You had better
be smooth all over when you get out of that tub." "Now, do it and don't you dare
open your mouth and don't you dare play with that cock of yours, GO!" Todd
hurried into the bathroom and ran bath water and found the razors and shaving
cream.  He could not explain it, but he had an enormous hard-on and he was
scared but excited.  He hurried as fast as he could, still hearing Miss. Jacobs
threatening him from the other room.

     Sheila Jacobs sat down in her bedroom, watching Todd through the mirrors in
the bathroom.  He was too pretty to be a boy and she was going to change that
today. The plan had been to slowly bring him into submission, but there was no
need to delay now. He was firmly in her grasp and could not escape. Yesterday,
she had him sign papers acknowledging that he had attempted to rape her. Another
where he admitted stealing over $1000.00 from her. Another paper signing over
power of attorney to her. A letter to the school, officially dropping out of
school before it even started and asking them to send all correspondence to him
here at Miss. Jacobs residence. The final paper he had signed was an agreement
to work for Miss. Jacobs for simply room and board as restitution for the
attempted rape and stolen money.  Simply put, she now owned him and would start
his training today. Any attempt at resistance would be dealt with harshly and
quickly.

     Sheila walked into the bathroom and told him to stand and face her. Todd
quickly stood, covering his penis with embarrassment.  "Raise your arms above
your head girl," She hissed at him. Todd's arms went up high and she reached out
and grabbed his cock. She lifted it and inspected him for any hair. His cock was
rock hard and she gently squeezed it and felt it throb in response. "You missed
your underarms girl, hurry and finish." " I want you out of the tub, dried and
standing in front of me in 5 minutes," and turned and walked out. Todd had never
shaved these areas before and as he quickly finished up, he could not understand
why he was so sexually aroused. He did know he loved this powerful woman and
wanted to please her.

     Todd walked naked out of the bathroom and stood in front of Miss. Jacobs
who was sitting on a large love seat. He kept his hands to his sides as he had
been taught, his cock standing out and up jerking rhythmically as it throbbed.
Miss. Jacobs examined his body for hair again, instructing him to turn around
and spread his ass cheeks and bend down. Todd felt he was about to faint as he
obeyed this beautiful woman and showed her his hairless asshole. "Stand up and
turn around slave," said Miss. Jacobs. Todd felt somewhat in a daze; she was
telling him he was a slave. Yesterday he came here to live while he was going to
college and he needed to go to the campus and finalize some classes and get his
schedule. Todd thought to himself, this is a mistake; I never wanted to rape
Miss. Jacobs, why won't she believe me?

     Miss Jacobs stood up and walked to Todd. "I want you to take off my bra and
panties now." She turned and Todd carefully unfastened her bra and then knelt
down and slid her panties down to her ankles where she stepped out of them. "Put
your nose and tongue in my ass crack and breath deeply and lick slave," Sheila
told him. Todd, in an erotic trance, did as he was ordered breathing so hard he
felt faint. Miss. Jacobs turned around and Todd was now staring at her beautiful
mound. She grabbed his hair and pulled him to her pussy and shoved and pushed
his face up and down telling him to lick. Todd's tongue was extended fully,
trying to reach deeply in to her but her strong hand was guiding him. Sheila
Jacobs pulled the boy up by his hair and yanked him to the bed, shoving him on
his back. "Stay girl" she ordered. She went to her dresser and brought back a
bag, pulling out a pair of white fishnet nylons. Todd lay passively as Miss.
Jacobs expertly pulled both nylons up his legs, his cock waving in the air.
Next, she pulled him to his feet and put a beautiful white garderbelt around his
narrow waist. She attached it to his nylons and knelt in front of him, softly
taking his cock in her mouth and sucked his pretty cock. Todd groaned in lust
and his legs buckled as he slipped to the floor. Miss. Jacobs stopped sucking
and said, "You are never allowed to cum unless I give permission." She pulled
him up to the love seat and onto her lap fondling his penis and balls, enjoying
the hairless smoothness of them. She whispered and licked his ear while giving
him the rules he would now live by.

To be continued
Email the author  tallywacker38@yahoo.com

I will continued this story as long
As my email shows an interest by readers.
Thanks for the support.




Procurement & training   chapter 6

     Todd now stood before his Mistress after hearing from her that since he had
made his decision to serve needs in return for her persuading Sgt. Allen not to
arrest him for attempted rape against Miss. Jacobs.  He had agreed to her every
demand. He would call his mother and inform her that he had decided against
going to school this year. He would tell her he was going to work for Miss.
Jacobs and some of her friends and make a little money so she would not have to
support his schooling.

     Todd was now wearing 4inch stiletto white high heels, thigh high nylons
attached to a lacy white garderbelt.  A very short black leather maids skirt was
tightly around his waist and was too short as his swollen cock bobbed in
convulsive jerks.  He was wearing a little white maids cap and was looking at
himself in the mirror. Miss Jacobs sat down in her favorite chair and snapped
her fingers and Todd hastened to her and stood in-between her legs as she
tightly attached a small collar around his balls forcing them to protrude
outward. He watched as she produced a small padlock and locked the collar on.
Next she attached a dog leash to the collar and led the stumbling boy out of the
bedroom and down the stairs to her office.  Todd struggled to walk ignoring the
pain the awkward position of his feet was causing him.

     Miss. Jacobs dropped the leash and picked up the telephone. Looking in a
book on her desk, she dialed a number and lovingly brushed Todd's hair. "Yes,
Linda, this is Miss. Jacobs, he is ready for his first visitor and I promised
you would be the first." "That's fine, we will be here, bye" " She sat down
behind her desk raising her skirt up and motioning Todd to come to her and
kneel. Todd walked unsteadily to her and fell to the floor on his knees; looking
at the beautiful pussy Miss. Jacobs was pulling him to. His nose went deep into
her pubic hair and he inhaled the overwhelming sexual scent as he reached down
to his cock and squeezed it gently.  Miss Jacobs, "No Todd, you may not touch it
again without permission." Todd dropped his hand to his side as he instinctively
reached out with his tongue to lick the sweet smelling pussy. "No Todd, you must
learn to do nothing without permission, do you understand?" Todd nodded his head
in agreement. There was no noise but his breathing, which seemed labored.

     Miss Jacobs spoke softly to her boy/maid, "Are you happy being with me
Todd?" she asked. Todd nodded yes. "Would you like to leave and go back to your
old life again?" Todd nodded no emphatically. "You are now my slave and you
shall obey me without question." "You see Todd, you are too pretty and too small
to be a man." You have been fighting to be a man all your life and now you must
stop fighting and submit to your feminine submissive side." "In your old life,
you never made anyone happy, you were a burden even to your mother." "Now you
will be making lots of people happy by serving them in any way they wish." "You
had the chance of staying with me and going to school, but your penis
overwhelmed you and you tried to rape me so now that chance is gone." "I would
not have taken you as a slave if you had not tried to rape me." "Do you
understand that Todd?" Todd nodded yes.

     Miss Jacobs pulled Todd up to a standing position and gently massaged his
throbbing cock and balls. "Now I have a surprise for you, you are going to have
a visitor who you know." Todd caught his breath as he intently listened to this
shocking news. I will not tell you who she is but I will tell you that it was
her that brought you to my attention this summer." "There are certain people in
this country that notify me of attractive college boys who they think may fit
into my slave program and they also know I pay very well for those I accept."
She is coming to be paid and also to repay you for an unkindness you showed
her." "When she rings the doorbell, you will open the door for her and do a nice
curtsy for her and say," "Welcome Mistress", do you understand"? "Speak to me
Todd, that you will obey." Miss Jacobs hissed.  "Yes Miss. Jacobs, I will obey."
Todd stammered. Todd's mind was racing now, who had he possibly offended. he had
no idea. Was it someone on campus? A girl he had known? No one came to his mind
and now she would see him dressed like this with his cock showing and the things
he was wearing. Miss. Jacobs continued squeezing his cock and softly talking to
her slave. "You are to treat her as you would me." "If she chooses to use you in
a sexual manner, you will obey her." "If she chooses to humiliate you, you will
feel good about being able to please her and by pleasing her, you will please
me." Miss Jacobs stood up and stood close to Todd. "Open your mouth sweetheart,"
she said softly. Todd opened and stared at her as she came close to his lips and
spit into his mouth. "Swallow," she said. Todd swallowed. "Open," she repeated,
and Todd opened. Sheila Jacobs cleared her throat and spit deep into his mouth.
Todd was breathing heavy, the blood pounding in his cock and head as he
swallowed again. "Do you love me?" she said softly. "Yes, Miss Jacobs," he
whispered in lust. "Do you love my spit" "Yes Miss. Jacobs." He whispered again.
"I own you, you will obey me, and you are my slave." "You will allow yourself to
be degraded and humiliated for my love." "I own you." "You are half boy and half
girl, but you will think of yourself as a helpless submissive obedient girl who
is to obey everyone." She whispered and then pushed him down on his knees. "Lick
me my slave and drink my cum now." Todd's tongue came out and touched his reward
and he licked and licked as his cock and heart throbbed. Todd was in deep love
with this beautiful woman who owned him. He was happier than he ever has been
and he wanted to please her for the rest of his life.

     Sheila Jacobs had finally won. He was hers completely for life. She had
given him a chance at the game and she had beaten him, as she knew she would. No
man could stand against her power. She could beat any under any circumstance.
The power surged through her as his tongue brought her to a shuddering climax.
Her slave licked up the strange tasting nectar as her body kept giving it.
Finally, she pushed his head, pulling her skirt down and sitting in her chair.
Todd knelt there looking down at his pulsing hard-on

    Todd was shocked back into reality by the ringing of the doorbell. 'You may
answer the door now Todd. Said Miss. Jacobs. She watched the young slave walking
to the door, his cute asscheeks swaying, completely visible under his short
leather skirt. Todd reached the door and taking a deep breath opened it. His
face turned a bright red in embarrassment as he found himself standing before a
former classmate of his last year. It was Linda Cota and she now looking at his
skirt or more correctly what was sticking out under the skirt. She was smirking
rather than smiling and then her eyes met his as she said "Well?" Todd recovered
and quickly said, "Please come in Mistress." She walked past him and waited
while he closed the door. Todd gestured towards the office but she waved him in
first and watched his ass cheeks move as he led her into Miss. Jacobs office.

     Miss. Jacobs stood up and greeted Linda Cota with a hug and they chatted
away about things Todd was not listening to. He was humiliated and his cock had
shrunk up to a third its size. He wished he could leave but knew he was trapped.
Miss Jacobs opened a desk drawer and took out an envelope and motioned Todd over
to her desk. She gave him the envelope and instructed him to count out the money
into Linda's hand, telling him it was payment for her having delivered him into
her hands. Todd was numb with confusion but took the envelope and extracted the
money. It was one hundred dollar bills and lots of them. He took them to Linda
and began counting as he laid them one at a time into her hand. He felt
humiliated in paying the girl who had betrayed him into this life which he was
now excited about. Todd counted out five thousand dollars into her hand and then
knelt down and kissed her shoes at Miss. Jacobs direction. Linda thanked Miss.
Jacobs for her generous reward and tucked the money into her purse. Miss. Jacobs
told her that Todd was coming along very well at accepting his new position and
then she stopped talking and looked at Todd. "Todd, you are being rude to our
guest," she admonished. "Please take your skirt off so she can see your pretty
penis." Linda has told me you did not know what it was for last year in college,
Is that right Todd?" Todd stared in disbelief but knew his place and answered,
"Yes Mistress." "Then show her what you have learned now," Miss Jacobs said with
a smile.

     Todd twisted the skirt around where he could reach the button and zipper
and then slid the skirt down to the floor and stood there in front of the two
women. Sheila Jacobs glanced at Linda's wide-eyed expression and knew she liked
what she saw. "Todd," Miss Jacobs said, "you are soft, shame on you, and show
Miss. Cota what you have learned to do with it." Todd, red-faced with shame and
embarrassment, reached down and began masturbating himself in front of the women
and found himself getting hard despite his shame. "Todd, do you have to look at
it to play with it, or can you do it while you are looking at us," Miss. Jacobs
said derisively. Todd quickly looked up at them and continued masturbating while
the two of them talked about penis, legs, shoes and stockings. Linda asked, "Is
he going to ejaculate Miss Jacobs?" "Oh no," she replied, "He knows that the
days of his cumming are over." "He will be allowed to occasionally but not as a
habit." "Do you know that he used to masturbate 3 and 4 times a day before you
had him sent to me?" Todd looked at Linda smiling at him as he degraded himself
before her and suddenly it came back to him. She had been with a group of girls
and Todd in the local hangout after class and she had asked him to dance with
her and he had refused. Then he had turned to the other girls and said something
about Linda and surprised that none of the girls laughed until he realized that
Linda was standing right behind him. She had turned and walked out of the shop
visibly angry.  Todd had been sorry but she ignored him the rest of the school
year. Todd remembered that Linda had been on the plump side then, but now, she
was very trim and somewhat cute. Not pretty, but cute or at least average now.

     Miss Jacobs watched as Todd stopped masturbating. His cock stood at a
45-degree angle and was throbbing. He looked into Miss. Jacobs eyes and saw the
approval at his humiliation and that she was pleased with him. Turning to Linda,
Miss. Jacobs asker her if she would like to take Todd outside for a walk and
exercise. Linda smiled, saying, "I would love to Miss. Jacobs, thank you." Linda
walked to Todd and picked up the leash attached to his balls. Miss Jacobs
interrupted telling Todd he should take off his pretty things so they don't get
dirty outside if Miss. Linda should want to have him fetch a stick or something.
Todd unsnapped his nylons, took his shoes off and rolled them down and off. Then
he unsnapped his garderbelt and he was totally naked.

     Linda Cota took the leash attached to Todd's balls and walked to the door
towing the naked young man, his balls pulled out from his body in an unnatural
way. Outside, she pulled him to her side, dropping a hand on his smooth ass and
giving him a little pinch. "Lets go over to the wooded area and we can talk
while I exercise you." She walked the humiliated boy over to the edge of the
woods where there was a table and chairs. Linda sat down and pulled the boy
close to her as she looked up into his eyes. She reached out and fondled his
cock and balls and was surprised to see it grow as she gently massaged it with
her fingers. She was filled with power and lust as she had been over the summer
when she had daydreamed about this moment with the boy who had caused her such
horrid embarrassment in front of her friends last fall. The whole experience of
knowing that money could be made off these young men so easily had occupied her
mind constantly and she had quietly gone about making her own plans for her own
business of trapping men for slaves. She had already picked out her first slave
to be and would talk to Miss. Jacobs about any help and information she could
give her. "Down on all fours slave," she hissed at Todd.

To be continued
Email the author   tallywacker38@yahoo.com

Suggest what you would like to see happen next.




Procurement & training    chapter 7
By tallywacker38

     Sheila Jacobs watched her new slave who was on all fours through the window
when she was interrupted by the telephone.  Picking it up and answering, she
continued watching. "Hello," she answered. "Hello, Miss Jacobs, this is Sgt.
Allen, are you busy or do you have time to talk?" "I have time, what is it Sgt.
Allen?"  "Miss Jacobs, I have a young man here at the courthouse who Judge
Malloy may have to sentence to the county jail for forging a $1000. check."
"That is a felony and even if it is his first offense, he will do some jail time
for it." "He is sitting here crying and he's scared to death of jail since when
I booked him, I had to walk him through the cell block naked and in view of the
other inmates who yelled out a lot of comments to him." " Judge Malloy is here
too and I mentioned to him that you have helped several young men straighten out
and that you might be willing to take this young man under your wing." Miss
Jacobs, instantly read between the lines and asked to speak to Judge Malloy.

     "This is Judge Malloy, Miss Jacobs." Miss Jacobs exchanged greetings with
the Judge and then asked about the young man. "Well," the Judge responded, He is
20 years old, and a nice looking boy but he does have some problems." "He has
lied to us about who he is since we picked him up but we finally got some truth
out of him." "We contacted his parents finally but they want nothing to do with
him anymore." "Evidently he has had a habit of lying all his life so no one will
believe him anymore and he has no friends." "I hate to send him to jail because
the other inmates will certainly have their way with him and use him, if you
know what I mean." "Sgt. Allen suggested you might be able to help him if he
were given to you instead of sending him to jail." "You would be given free rein
with him and the only thing we would ask is that you bring him back to me in 30
days to see if I can release him permanently to you or if I must send him to
jail." Miss. Jacobs knew that if Sgt. Allen had mentioned her to the Judge that
the boy would be of the special type she was actively seeking. Judge Malloy,
what if the boy were to lie about me and how he was treated, would I be in any
legal trouble?" "Absolutely not Miss Jacobs. Sgt. Allen has personally vouched
for you and I trust you implicitly." "I realize that you may have to be harsh
with him to get him turned around and since we already know that lies are second
nature to him, anything he says against you will be simply treated as lies I
assure you." "Thank you Judge Malloy, I appreciate your confidence in  me." "I
will take the young man, but I cannot take him until tomorrow afternoon, is that
alright?" "Absolutely, Miss Jacobs," the Judge said, "and I thank you for your
public spirit." "I will have Sgt. Allen hold him in the jail for safe keeping
until tomorrow afternoon, thank you so much Miss. Jacobs."  "That's ok, your
honor," Sheila Jacobs replied as she looked outside at the scene before her.
Linda was walking Todd on all fours like an animal. She absently hung the phone
up and reached down to massage her herself between her legs, as she watched and
thought of the new boy who would soon be learning of his new life.

     Linda unsnapped Todd's leash and petted his head. Sitting down in the lawn
chair, she pulled her dress up and slipped her panties off in one quick motion.
Todd looked at her not believing this was happening to him. But it was and like
it or not, he knew he was aroused and hard. Linda grabbed his head by his hair
and pulled him roughly to her. His face was sandwiched between her legs and he
could smell her sex. "Lick stupid," she snapped at him. His tongue was out and
licking her mound as she talked to him. "Look at you now Todd." "I am going to
do such great things with my life and all you will ever do is be a cunt licker
and I would assume a cocksucker also." "I sold you to Miss. Jacobs for $5,000 to
pay you back for being rude to me you little pussy slave." "You are going to be
a sexual slave all your life." "A life of sucking pussies and cocks." "I feel so
powerful over you, you dumb fuck."  Linda jerked his head back and pushed him
over on his back. She was on him, straddling him. She moved up and covered his
face with her ass, finally positioning her pussy over his mouth. Todd was
breathing hard. He was humiliated but he found himself so excited over his
predicament. His mouth was going to be raped by this girl he had offended and
deep down he knew he deserved it and now he was craving it. "I am going to
urinate in your mouth slave," Linda rasped. "I will piss a little at a time so
you won't spill any." "Drink it all Todd or I will whip your ass, understand?"
Todd nodded his head, as he could not talk. Suddenly he felt and tasted it
swallowing as fast as he could.

     Miss. Jacobs left the window and sat at her desk. She had to make a phone
call. The call from Sgt. Allen had actually solved an immediate problem for her.
Taking a small black book from desk drawer, she thumbed through the pages until
she came to the name she was looking for. Dialing, she picked up a pen and
scratched some figures on a pad. "Hello, Las Vega Woman's Services, May I help
you?" the woman's voice softly said. "Hello, this is Miss. Jacobs, may I speak
to Miss. Chalmers please. "One moment please," the receptionist replied. A
moment later, "This Is Miss. Chalmers, how are you Sheila." "I am fine, are you
busy," Sheila replied. After a little visiting about the weather and how things
were going, Sheila got to the point of the call. " I am receiving a piece of
equipment tomorrow that you may be interested in." " It is only 20 years old, in
very good shape." "It has been checked out with the original owners but they
want nothing more to do with it so it is free and unencumbered." Miss. Chalmers
interrupted, saying," If it passes the tests and can be programmed here, I will
take it, depending of course upon the price. Miss Jacobs held her ground. She
knew that Miss. Chalmers desperately needed male slaves for the wealthy wives of
high rollers who spent their time at the tables, spending millions of dollars.
Miss Jacobs quickly answered, "Actually, I have been offered $150,000 from the
Middle East, but because of the problems and cost of shipping, I would really
prefer to send it to you, but If you're not interested I understand." There was
silence on the phone before, "Send it Sheila, If it passes the tests the money
will be wired to you." "Let me know the flight number and arrival, fax a picture
of it and it will be met at the airport." Sheila Jacobs smiled, replying, "Thank
you, I will phone you tomorrow when it is in flight, Bye for now."  "Goodbye and
thank you Sheila, let me know if you find other equipment, Miss Chalmers said,
hanging up. Sheila Jacobs had just made a quick $100,000. The going rate for a
common slave in Las Vegas was set and only high quality slaves brought more. She
was pleased at making the money with so little effort. She would give Sgt. Allen
$10,000 for his timely contribution.

     Sheila Jacobs was interrupted by Todd and Linda entering the house. Todd
was walking on all fours with Linda behind him holding the leash attached to his
balls. "Well, Linda, did you have a good time with your old friend?" Sheila
asked with a smile. "Oh, yes, Miss Jacobs," answered Linda, " But I wish I had
more time with him," and laughed. Miss. Jacobs took the leash from her and
pulled Todd over to her favorite chair and sat down, pulling him down on her
lap. Her hand went to his semi hard cock and fondled it, bringing it to a hard
stand immediately. "Perhaps that can be arranged, I believe you have an
apartment by yourself this year, is that right?" Linda shook her head yes, "I
sure do, I needed my privacy this year." "I have thought very seriously about
doing what you are doing with slaves, but on a much smaller scale if that is ok
with you and if you don't mind." "Miss. Jacobs smiled, both women completely
ignoring the young man on her lap who she was slowly masturbating. Todd's eyes
were closed, his face red with embarrassment at being humiliated like this as if
he were a small child. Yet, his cock was throbbing with lust in Miss. Jacobs
experienced fingers, much to his shame.

     Miss. Jacobs looked directly at Linda, "How would you like to take Todd
home with you for a couple days." Linda's eyes lit up at the suggestion,
exclaiming, "Could I really take him with me?" "That would be great, I would
love to Miss. Jacobs." Todd could scarcely believe his ears at this sudden turn
of events, but he kept his eyes closed so he would not have to look at Linda.
The fingers on his cock continued to squeeze and then stop and then squeeze
again at intervals, causing him erratic breathing.  "He's yours for two days,
but you must do something for me in exchange." "What," Linda asked. "I want you
to pretty our little guy up with makeup, lipstick, polished finger and toe nails
and see he is shaved of body hair again so he is very smooth, when you bring him
back." Linda smiled broadly, "I'll do the best I can for you." "I know you
will," Sheila said, and I think you will do good at this kind of business." "You
will make a lot more money doing this than you would with a college degree, but
a college degree can come in handy later, so keep your schooling up." "Our
little boy Todd here is going to do a lot of schooling too, aren't you Todd,
open your eyes and keep them open." "I need Todd to call his mother right now
before you take him, so she knows he is well and happy.

     Miss. Jacobs picked up the phone and gave it to Todd, "Call her Todd, and
remember to thank her for finding this wonderful house for you." "You will tell
her that I have been very kind and helpful to you and that you have changed your
mind about attending school this year so you can work for me and my friends to
take the financial pressure off her, do you understand?" " Or would you rather
have Sgt. Allen come and get you?"  Todd was shaking his head yes and then
quickly no. "Miss. Jacobs continued, "I want you to sound very very happy and
tell her you will call her again in a couple of weeks." "Yes Miss. Jacobs, Todd
quietly said. "Now I am going to put you on speaker phone so we can hear your
conversation, dial her number now,"

     Todd waited for the connection to complete, his eyes trying not to look at
Linda as she sat on the sofa directly in front of him smiling at him. Miss.
Jacobs was massaging his balls gently as his cock continued throbbing and
bobbing. "Hello," Todd heard his mother's cheerful voice over the speakerphone,
"Hi mom, it's me." "Hi honey, how's it going?" "Fine here mom, I just wanted to
tell you that I have decided to not attend school this year." "I wanted to stay
out a year and work and Miss. Jacobs said she had a lot of work I could do and
some of her friends do too and I can still stay her with her and pay my own
rent." "Oh honey, I want you to get your schooling, you can work later." "No,
mom," Todd quickly said with a little agitation at which Miss. Jacobs fingers
squeezed hard on his balls, causing him to groan. "I'll be fine mom, this is
what I want ok, and everything is going great ok." Miss. Jacobs fingers relaxed
and once again began slowly masturbating his erect penis. Todd's eyes turned
once again to see the broad smile on Linda's face and knew his face had turned
crimson red again. His mother's voice again asking if Miss. Jacobs was treating
him good which caused Linda to put her hand over her mouth so her laughter could
not be heard. "Yes mom," rasped Todd, "she is very nice to me and I enjoy being
here with her." "I knew she would be son, promise me you will obey all her house
rules and not cause her any trouble." "Ok, mom, I promise." "I have to go mom,
just wanted to say hi and bye." "Bye son, be good, I love you." "Bye," Todd
replied and Miss. Jacobs terminated the call. Linda laughed out loud and said,
"That was great how you handled that Miss. Jacobs."  "Thank you Linda," she
said," and as a reward for Todd's obedience, I will allow him to hump my leg
like a good little doggie, go ahead Todd."

     Todd was once again lost in lust and slid off Miss. Jacobs lap and squatted
down, putting his groin to her leg and moved up and down on her leg, rubbing his
cock against it and breathing rapidly now. "You must not cum Todd or I will have
to spank you again in front of Linda," Stop when you need to but then continue
when you have yourself under control," Miss. Jacobs warned. Linda got up and
came over to stand by Miss. Jacobs where she could watch Todd's face, the smile
still on her face. Miss. Jacobs snapped her finger and told Todd to keep looking
into Linda's eyes and to feel very proud for degrading himself in front of
Linda. "Todd's mind seemed to snap and a smile appeared on his face as he once
again realized that he was pleasing two women and making them happy by humping
the beautiful leg in front of him.

To be continued
Email the author   tallywacker38@yahoo.com
What would YOU like to see happen in this story?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  tallywacker38


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





