BDSM Library - Toilet




Toilet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A male turns himself over to his Mistress . . . little does he know that She is going to turn him into a toilet.
i downloaded this story about a year ago.  it was posted anonymously.  i am
posting part one with just some small editorial changes, and i am continuing the
story of . . .




The Toilet
Part 1

Her instructions had been quite explicit, to exit the bus and walk down Fortuna
street to the Shell station that was in view two blocks away.  In the alley
behind the station I found five cars parked in the shadows where she had
directed me to go.  I hesitantly pulled out the key she had sent to me.  As she
had commanded, I began trying it in the trunk locks of the cars, it opened the
trunk of the fourth car I tried it on.  The car had no plates on it.  She had
notified me to find the car the key went to, open the trunk, get in and close it
behind me, leaving the key in the lock. 

My heart raced as I stood there looking around, but nobody was in sight.  I knew
that my life would never be the same if I did what she had commanded, but I was
unable to defy her.  So I sat down in the trunk, covered my face with the
blacked out divers mask I found lying there as she had ordered, laid down inside
and slowly pulled the lid shut.  As the lock clicked tight I panicked, and
wanted to scream out, but I was so terrified that I couldn't utter a sound.  I
laid there frightened over what I had done. 

It seemed like an hour I was so scared, but shortly thereafter I heard the click
of a woman's high heels approaching, the key being pulled from the lock, then
the sound of license plates being placed on the vehicle.  Finally, I heard the
driver's door open and close.  The engine roared to life, and the auto began to
move trough the alley as I heard a woman's voice state unsympathetically "We're
glad you came slave."

For about two hours we traveled along freeways and winding roads until we
arrived at our destination.  When the vehicle stopped, except for the sound of
crickets, there was complete silence.  The door opened, then I heard the woman
ask, "Do you have the mask on?"

"Yes," I replied. 

She then told me to lie facing the back seat, and to put my hands behind my back
which I did.  The trunk lid opened and a pair of handcuffs were placed on my
wrists, securing them behind my back.  Then she and two other women pulled me
from the trunk and stood me on my feet.  The two women proceeded to lead me away
through the cool night air by the arms, and shortly before we entered a house I
heard the automobile's engine start, then the sound of it driving away.

Once in the house, I was led down a long flight of concrete steps to a basement
deep below the house.  My wrists were then freed from the handcuffs, and I was
told to remove the mask.  I found myself in a very large, windowless, dank
basement.  It was dark except for a candle burning in the corner where I had
been brought.  Before I could familiarize myself with the new surroundings, I
was told to remove my clothes. 

It was quite humiliating to see that the "women" who were attending to me were
in fact young girls, about twenty years of age.  As I was removing my clothes, I
noticed that near my feet a two-foot length of heavy chain extended from the
floor, the remainder of it having been encased in the solid concrete floor. 
Then
out of the darkness appeared a tall, very muscular, well-built woman in thigh
boots.  She held a ring-like metal contraption in one hand, a long leather whip
and a long, fat strap-on dildo in the other.  The sight of this whipmistress
terrified me, I could not suppress my trembling. 

She instructed me to step over to, and straddle the chain on the floor, put my
hands on the back of my head, and to not move them for any reason.  She ordered
me to lower my eyes to the floor, I did so immediately.  One of the young girls
then stepped up to me, placed one palm on my chest to steady me, tightly grasped
my testicles with her other hand, then said "Don't move your hands!" to me as
she yanked downward on my balls viciously. 

I let out a gasp and a loud whimpering groan as she brought me to my knees
unceremoniously.  "Did that hurt?" she asked, as the other girl moved around
behind me.  I was too scared to answer, so I just knelt there sobbing.  The two
girls then began to manipulate the device that the woman had handed to them. 
They placed it about my neck, as I realized that it was a steel collar with
cuffs chained to it which they fastened firmly about my neck and wrists.  The
wrist cuffs were each attached to the collar by a foot of chain so that my hands
were restricted to the vicinity of my face.  I was powerless to escape from the
fetters.  I once again bowed my head and began to tremble in anticipation of the
humiliation and chagrin that was to come. 

"I want you to beg me to release you" the taller of the young girls said to me.

I stammered, unable to say anything. 

"You have disobeyed me" she sneered.  "Look at me!" she directed, as she
positioned herself in front of me.  When I did look up, she was wearing the
dildo, tying her flowing hair back as the other girl rubbed lubricant on the
head and shaft of her perennial erection.  It was strapped firmly onto her
vibrant, athletic body.

I began to proffer pleadings, but was too scared to make any sense. 

"You deserve discipline!" she decreed as she reached down and fed one end of her
heavy leather leash through the ring at the front of my collar.  She paired the
ends together, doubling it up lengthwise, then tugged on it, dragging me over to
the "rape chair." She pulled me up onto the metal frame, and securely tied the
leash off, out of my reach.  I was forced into a wide-open position on the
frame, only able to grasp hold of the rung near my forehead as I tried to
relieve the pull of the collar on my neck.  The girls then pulled my knees up
toward my chest and suspended me with heavy straps under my thighs, designed to
keep me off balance and immobile. 

Finally they brought my ankles even further forward and secured them with cuffs,
leaving my feet suspended in mid-air.  Perched in this "doggie style" position,
I was helplessly vulnerable.  "You are here until you learn to obey unerringly
and without hesitation" she specified.  The other young girl then retrieved a
gag and fitted it to my head, pulling its straps so tight that my mouth was
completely sealed.  "You will not be released until then" the girl added.  The
next thing I knew a bridle was being attached to the ring on the rear of the
collar, then left lying across my back.  I felt the girl grab hold of my ass
cheeks and pull them
apart as the head of the dildo touched my rear orifice.  She then firmly grasped
my hips in her hands and thrust forward powerfully as she mounted me, driving
her stiff, fat, 10" long rubber cock up my virgin hole in one savage,
penetrating stroke.  My eyes bulged, and I let out a muffled whimper as I jerked
helplessly about, in a futile attempt to escape her cruel onslaught.  She
continued to unmercifully and energetically hammer me, bringing her lithe pelvis
in contact with my buttocks with almost every thrust as she kept a taunt grip on
the bridle from my collar.  I noticed that there were now nine women and girls
standing about, observing my predicament which entertained them.

When the fifth woman had finished raping me for the pleasure and entertainment
of the other ladies, she removed me from the frame and dragged me back to where
I had been collared.  There the whipmistress grasped the open lock that hung
through the last link of the two feet of chain stretching from the floor.  In
one fell swoop she laced it through the ring on the front of my collar and
snapped it shut.  I was left lying on the floor blithering, whimpering, and
incoherent.  I was sobbing in delusional agony at the dilemma I was facing. 
Then a spreader bar was lowered from the ceiling, and the whipmistress attached
one end of the bar to one of the ankle cuffs.  She and another woman then
forcibly spread my
legs painfully wide as the other ankle cuff was attached to the opposite end of
the lengthy spreader bar, leaving me face down, my feet suspended in the air. 
The whipmistress then began to whip my buttocks freely.  I struggled against the
lashes, but to no avail.  I couldn't avoid them, and I couldn't plead for mercy
through the tight gag.  I was completely at her mercy, and there was none.  She
ordered me to shut up and quit resisting, but I couldn't, so she just whipped me
harder and harder and harder until my ass was covered with stinging, burning
welts.  I could no longer see because tears were flowing like a river and my
voice was nothing but muffled, whimpering garbles. 

The whipping had ceased for about five minutes when one of the other women came
up and addressed the whipmistress, "May I borrow your slave for a while, I need
to teach him something." This other woman then positioned me so that I was face
up, back on the floor, with my ankles hanging from the spreader bar.  Then she
reached for an electrical shocker, applied it to my penis and pressed the
switch.  My body convulsed with the agony of the powerful jolt.  I reached out
frantically to stop her, but my hands could only move to the middle of my chest. 
My head thrashed from side to side as I was driven temporarily insane by this
incredible torture, but there was nothing I could do to thwart her
entertainment.  She looked down at my protruding eyes and frantic face and
smiled as she said, "Look he enjoys this!" With that she held the head of my
cock in the fingertips of her free hand, then pushed and held the switch on
again as she ran the electrodes up and down the length of my penis. 

Then she clutched the base of my penis between her thumb and forefinger and
held the switch on again as she ran the electrodes back and forth across the
head of my penis repeatedly as I thrashed about.  When she stopped, I was
gasping, and writhing in pain from the excruciating shocks.  She lowered my feet
to the floor, then sarcastically stated "Don't go away, I'll be right back", as
she disappeared into the darkness.  While she was gone, another woman picked up
the candle from the table and approached me with it.  She knelt down and grasped
my penis with her free hand and inverted the burning candlestick, causing it to
flame up.  The hot wax began to rapidly drip from the enlarged flame.  She held
the tip of the dripping candle over the head of my punished cock and rotated the
candle in her hand to make the flow of wax maximize.  Once she had coated the
top of my cockhead, she bent my penis back and dripped the searing hot wax over
my glans, enjoying the trauma she was subjecting me to.

A couple of minutes later the other woman reappeared with a steel plate, baby
bottle and a riding crop.  She removed the gag from my mouth, released my ankles
from the spreader bar, then asked me, "Would you like for me to massage your
cock with that shocker again?"

"NO, NO, PLEASE!" I exclaimed, begging her not to use it on me again.  My voice
warbling, tears profusely streaming from my eyes. 

"Then you will need to learn to obey me" she said. 

"I never disobeyed you Mistress!" I exclaimed. 

"You had better obey me without question in the future" she said. 

"Yes ma'am" I concurred. 

She handed the plate to me and said "I need to take a shit, and I want all of it
on this plate.  Do you understand?" she asked.  I lowered my head and nodded
obediently.  The other women gathered around to watch the spectacle. 

She turned around and hiked her skirt, revealing her bare buttocks, then
squatted right in front of me.  "Are you ready Toilet?" she asked. 

"YYY...Yes Mistress" I replied.  I held the plate beneath her, watching her anus
open up as she let out a sigh of relief and delivered a fat, 12 inch long, hard,
chunky slab of her warm "fudge" onto the plate I was holding. 

After a few seconds she told me to put the plate down.  Then she raised up a bit
and said, "Pull my cheeks apart and lick my asshole clean."

I struggled against my wrist restraints to gently separate her cheeks so I could
lick her butthole clean.  Then I released her cheeks and bowed my head as she
stood up and dropped her skirt.  She turned around, then I felt the sharp sting
of the crop against my left cheek which made tears well up in my eyes
immediately.  I trembled as she asked, "Don't you know how to show appreciation
for being granted the privilege of licking my asshole clean?" 

"YYY...Yes ma'am" I stammered as I tried to keep from weeping openly.  Then she
used the end of the crop under my chin to lift my head up until I was looking
her straight in the eyes as she asked, "Why didn't you suck my asshole out
instead of just licking my cheeks clean?"

I knelt there too scared to respond. 

She continued, "When you have the honor and privilege of using your tongue as a
woman's wipe you had better learn to dive it deep into her and lick and suck her
hole completely clean before you kiss her cheeks clean."

"Yes Mistress" I retorted, afraid to say another word as the other women stood
there giggling to themselves. 

"Hold that plate in your hands" she ordered.  I struggled to lean over and pick
it up without further hesitation, my hands tethered only a foot from my chin. 
"NOW EAT IT!" she exclaimed!

I trembled at the thought. 

"OPEN YOUR MOUTH" she ordered as she nudged my head forward with her crop,
pushing my agape lips right to the surface of her delicacy on the plate. 

"TAKE A BIG BITE" she directed. 

My tongue slipped between it and the plate, lifting it up and guiding it past my
lips and into my mouth until I possessed a mouthful and could take no more. 
Then I bit through the chunky slab and closed my lips.   She then used the crop
under my chin to push my head back, and then around, so that I was looking up at
all the women there as she said, "Chew with your mouth closed and don't stop
until I tell you to!" I dutifully obeyed, chewing her chunky present into a soft
mush for what must have been five minutes.  Then she stood in front of me,
playing with the shocker she had so earnestly tortured me with, and gave her
harshest order yet. 

"SWALLOW IT TOILET!" she demanded to the accompaniment of giggles and laughter
from the other women.  I had no choice but to flush her shit down my throat,
into my stomach.  Tears of humiliation and shame flooded my eyes and my body
trembled as I heard her say "TAKE ANOTHER BITE TOILET, and if you don't chew
each bite as well as you did that first one I will torture you with this
shocker well beyond your wildest imagination."

There was no alternative but to obey.  When I was half-through with my service
she took the large baby bottle, squatted down and placed it between her lips. 
Soon the sound of her hot pee filling it up was heard.  She stood up and
replaced the nipple on the top of the bottle.  Once I had swallowed the last of
her gratuity,
she said "Tilt your head back and close your eyes."

Once I had, she placed the nipple onto my mouth and said "Hold onto this, but
don't open your eyes or move your head until it is empty.  Suck it dry, washing
your mouth and throat out with it as you swallow." Once it was empty, I removed
the bottle from my mouth and lowered my head. 

The younger of the girls who had escorted me into the house was the only one
still there.  I begged her to release me, tears streaming from my eyes as I
begged and pleaded with her for my emancipation.  She coldly told me that she
had no intention of releasing me, and couldn't even if she wanted to.  She
informed me that the only lady who had a key to the lock on my collar was the
whipmistress. 


"You don't understand, do you?" she said, "You were brought here to learn how to
serve and YOU WILL NOT BE RELEASED until you have completed the training.  You
will NEVER eat anything else while you are here.  This is only the beginning, in
time you will learn to accept your place here." She picked up the shocker, then
said "Get your plate Toilet, I have something for you." Then she turned around,
hiked her skirt and squatted over the plate I was holding so obediently. . .




The Toilet
Part 2

"You don't understand, do you?" she said, "You were brought here to learn how to
serve and YOU WILL NOT BE RELEASED until you have completed the training.  You
will NEVER eat anything else while you are here.  This is only the beginning, in
time you will learn to accept your place here." She picked up the shocker, then
said "Get your plate toilet, I have something for you." Then she turned around,
hiked her skirt and squatted over the plate i was holding so obediently.  She
grunted and strained and i could see her asshole open slightly.  The head of
piece of shit slowly started to emerge and grow larger. 

i watched mesmerized, as it continued to grow.  It was huge.  The piece of shit
had to be all of 3 inches in diameter.  i couldn't believe that such a small
woman could produce such a huge turd!!  She continued to grunt and groan and
finally, about twelve inches later, the tail slipped from her asshole onto the
plate. 

She turned and looked at the turd.  "Not too bad, I'd give it an eight and a
half."

i wondered what a ten looked like?

She leaned back over and ordered, "OK now get your tongue in there and clean me
up."

i dove in licked her crack, paused for a second, remembered the shocker, then
swiftly plunged my tongue into her asshole.  It yielded easily to my intrusion,
yet it tightened around my tongue.  i found this very erotic, and my cock was
starting to grow.

Suddenly she pulled away and turned to face me.  "Now, shithead, your training
starts.  I've got to hurry a little here, because Master wants to talk to you,
but I've enough time to get started."

"Put the plate down," She commanded. 

Of course, i did so.

"Now doesn't my shit look like a nice, long, fat, dick?  Of course it does.  Now
if there was a real dick in front of you, what could you do with it?"

i was too stunned to reply.

She grabbed the shocker and jabbed my cock with it a few times.

"I ASKED YOU A QUESTION . . . WHAT COULD YOU DO WITH IT?"

"i i i er i guess i could either fuck it or i could suck it," i stuttered.

"Very good," she replied.  "Today I'm going to teach you how to suck MY big,
fat, brown cock.  Now grasp it in both of your hands and pick it up."

i grabbed it my both of my hands.  It was quite hard and slightly damp.  It was
still warm from being inside of her.

"Now, just to make sure that it's as hard as it can get, give it a few slow
licks all along it."

i, of course, complied.  my cock, which had shrunk when she shocked it, slowly
started to grow again.


"When you get to head of my cock, stick your tongue in it as if it has a little
piss-hole in it." 

i licked her cock for about five minutes.  "What do you think about my cock
worm?"

"i like your cock very much.  It's nice and big, and best of all, it tastes like
shit."

"Well, if you like it so much, you should start sucking it now.  Let me warn
you, if I see so much as a little gouge from your teeth on my cock, I'll have
all of your teeth pulled out."

Her cock of shit was so big i had trouble getting my lips around it.  She
ordered me to deep throat her cock.  The size of the turd, along with the taste
and smell made it difficult to get more than three or four inches into my throat
before i started to gag on it.

While still holding her cock, She had me place my hands on the floor.  She could
then push on my head forcing me to take more and more of her cock down my
throat.  In an attempt to shrink the size of her cock, i tried to lick and suck
on her cock as best i could.  i finally got about eight inches down my throat.

Finally, after what seemed an eternity, she let go of my head.  "Damn, we've got
to get ready to see Master."

"I hate to see a great cock go to waste, but that's the way it goes.  OK, finish
up my cock, go ahead and eat it.  Chew it up, but make it fast, you don't want
to be late."

Keeping the shocker in mind, i bit into Her shit with as much gusto as i could
muster.  Unlike the softer, banana like shit of the whipmistress, this shit was
harder, with a texture more like pepperoni.  i chewed and swallowed as quickly
as i could.  Finally i finished.  my stomach was in turmoil.

i'm sure the look on my face displayed my unease to Mistress.  "Would you like a
drink," she asked?

Without thinking i replied "Yes, please."

"OK slut, on your back."

Realizing my mistake, i groaned.  She jabbed me with the shocker and yelled
"QUICKLY."

She once again hiked her skirt, but this time she squatted over my face and
released a stream of piss.  It hit me squarely in the face.  "Get your mouth
over my pisshole you shithead, and start drinking."

i did the best i could, but i couldn't swallow fast enough.  Soon i was lying in
a pool of piss.  My hair was soaked in it.

She took the shocker and started jabbed it onto my body indiscriminately.  As
she did so she screamed "you're a fucking slob."

Finally she stopped.  She took a dog's choke chain placed it around my cock,
attached a leash to it, and said "OK now, get up, and follow Me."

She led me up several flights of stairs, and down four or five corridors.  After
about five minutes she knocked on a door and entered.  Behind a large wooden
desk sat the Whipmistress.  There were several video monitors placed around the
room.  i was shocked to find that a video of me deep throating the shit cock was
being played back.

In one corner there was a crib.  A beautiful naked girl, probably about sixteen
or seventeen years old was sitting in the crib.  She was sucking on a cock
shaped pacifier.

i was led to a rubber mat in front of the desk.  Mistress turned around swiftly
kneed me in the crotch, and said "On your knees in front of the Master, and keep
your eyes to the floor at all times."

After a while Master spoke. "My you certainly are a mess.  However, I am very
surprised that you haven't puked yet.  That is the only thing that's in your
favor right now."

"As you were told earlier, you are here to be trained as a toilet.  You are now
living in the largest, and most expensive Whorehouse in the country.  There are
seventy-five women working here, and you will be their toilet.  Since your
entire diet now consists of Whore's shit with piss chasers, your position on the
evolutionary scale is right below dogshit."

"You entered into service here voluntarily, and you can leave here voluntarily,
but only under certain conditions.  Just as you have been over the past few
hours, you will be trained in shit eating skills.  When you are not being
trained, you will be chained to a toilet in your room.  The toilet will be full
of shit.  Although you do not have to, I advise you to practice eating as much
shit as you can.  Believe me when I tell you that the better you are at shit
eating, the easier and less painful your life here will be.  At any time one or
more of the girls can enter your room.  Needless to say, you must do anything
they demand of you."

"You better learn to be neater, because we will not waste any water on you for a
bath or shower.  Also YOU WILL NOT MASTURBATE, NOR SHALL YOU SHIT, PISS, OR CUM
UNLESS ONE OF US GIVES YOU PERMISSION, OR ORDERS YOU TO DO SO.

"Once a week, you will be led to a suite of rooms.  You will have two hours by
yourself.  You can bathe, sleep, do whatever you want to.  Also, there will be a
door marked EXIT.  You can, at any time during that two hours, go through that
door.  We will then return your clothes, blindfold you, and return you to where
you entered the trunk of the car."

"However, if you decide to stay, you will be returned to your routine."

"There is one other little possible perk for you.  Believe it or not, most of
the women here do not hate men.  Most do dislike johns, therefore all of them
will certainly take out their frustrations on you."

"There is, however, Magdeline.  She is my toilet.  She is a lesbian who loves to
eat my shit.  Although she loves women, and she hates men, she does like to have
a real cock in the pussy once a week or so.  If you're really good, and you eat
all of our shit without puking, she might just fuck you."

"Do you have any questions??  This will be your only chance to ask questions."

i was speechless.  i shook my head.

The Master turned to Mistress.  "Chain him to his toilet, but first clean up
Baby and then take her to her room."

The Mistress crossed to the crib, and lowered one of the side rails.  Baby
crawled to the door.  It was then that i saw that Baby was not nude.  She was
wearing a transparent plastic diaper.  And the diaper was quite full.  Mistress
picked up my leash and said, "Follow me, toilet."

After we left the Master's office, Mistress said, "Baby, you may stand up, but
toilet, you stay on your hands and knees and keep your face in Baby's ass."

i followed Baby as best as i could.  A shot time later we entered a room which
contained an object that looked like an oversized ottoman.  Baby walked over to
the ottoman and removed her diaper. She carefully scraped as much of her shit
onto her ass as she could.

Baby the leaned over the ottoman and grabbed a hold of two handholds.  Mistress
then spread Baby's feet apart and attached fur lined restraints to her ankles. 
Baby's beautiful, shit covered ass was now thrust into the air.  The shit was
about one inch deep.

Using the choke collar, Mistress dragged me over to Baby so that my face was
about two inches away from her ass.  Mistress buckled rough leather restraints
around my wrists and calves. 

"OK start cleaning her ass."

Knowing that i would not like the consequences, i stuck out my tongue and
started to clean baby's ass.  Suddenly, though, my ass checks were roughly
spread apart and Mistress thrust her strap-on dildoe up my asshole.

The dildoe felt like a baseball bat.  i leaned forward as best i could to get
away from the dildoe.  Unconsciously, i opened my mouth to scream.  Mistress
finally hit bottom and continued to thrust forward.  My face was shoved
forcefully into Baby's ass.

My nose and mouth were both suddenly full of shit.  i couldn't breath and i
started to gag I began to panic.  Mistress started to pull the dildoe out of my
ass.  I shook my head, inhaled around my mouthful of shit, and tried to blow the
shit out of my nose. I had just started to regain my composure when Mistress
shaved to dildoe back in my ass. 

My head was once again thrust into baby's shit. Mistress started to laugh
uncontrollably at my predicament.  This went on for about twenty minutes, until
Mistress came.

With a sigh Mistress pulled the dildoe out to my ass.  Half of the shit that had
covered Baby's ass was now in my hair.  "Shithead, you had better quit fooling
around and clean up Baby's ass, or we'll never get out of here."

I started on Baby's ass checks and worked my way towards her asshole.  It took
me about twenty minutes to lick Baby's ass clean.  The shit had also covered her
pussy, and i had been both looking forward to licking her pussy, yet I imagined
that cleaning the shit from her pubic hair would be difficult.

I took the first lick of her pussy lips and found that it was hairless.  In
about ten minutes, I had licked her pussy clean and i was finally beginning to
taste her pussy instead of her shit.  It was exquisite!!.

Mistress suddenly yelled "Stop."  She removed my restraints and ordered my on my
back.  She took my place at Baby's pussy.  "Suck my cock.  It had better be
spotless when you're done."

So now i was sucking my own shit off of Mistress's cock.  It was monstrous . . .
about three inches in diameter and eighteen inches long.  While i was eating
shit, Mistress was enjoying Baby's sweet pussy nectar.

Finally Baby came and Mistress released her from her bonds.  Mistress and baby
kissed deeply.  "Get ready for bed.  I'll be back soon," Mistress cooed softly
into Baby's ear.

Mistress almost dragged me down the hall to my "room".  The room was quite
small, not much larger than myself.  In one corner was a large clear glass bowl. 
In the bowl was looked to be about five gallons of shit floating on top of what
looked to be about a quart of piss.  Mistress locked my leash to an eyebolt
embedded into the floor.

"Like Master said, you should practice eating shit . . . for your own good," 
Mistress said.  She turned and left me alone.

i rested for about ten minutes, thinking about what i had gotten myself into. 
Well, i thought, if i'm going to be a toilet, i might as well be the best toilet
i can.  i swallowed, took and deep breath, and yes i stuck my tongue out and
started to eat shit out of the bowl.




The Toilet
Part 3

Mistress almost dragged me down the hall to my "room".  The room was quite
small, not much larger than myself.  In one corner was a large clear glass bowl. 
In the bowl was looked to be about five gallons of shit floating on top of what
looked to be about a quart of piss.  Mistress locked my leash to an eyebolt
embedded into the floor.

"Like Master said, you should practice eating shit . . . for your own good," 
Mistress said.  She turned and left me alone.

i rested for about ten minutes, thinking about what i had gotten myself into. 
Well, i thought, if i'm going to be a toilet, i might as well be the best toilet
i can.  i swallowed, took a deep breath, and yes, i stuck my tongue out and
started to eat shit out of the bowl.

My training continued for what seemed like months.  Since there were no windows
in any of the rooms i was in, i could not tell day from night.  I seldom slept
for very long . . . there was always someone who needed a toilet.  i was often
taken from my stall and abused by the Women in any way they wished.  I was not
allowed to cum.

I cannot say that i enjoyed the taste of shit, although very often i DID enjoy
eating shit.  To have a Woman sitting on my chest, Her asshole pressed against
my mouth, my tongue thrust as far in Her bowels as i could get it, then to have
a turd slowly start to push my tongue out, and suddenly to have Her shit filling
my mouth, is VERY erotic to me.

Also, i was becoming good at my job.  i was a very good toilet.  The shocker,
which hanged within easy reach of the Women, was used less and less, and then
only by women who wanted to hurt me, not punish me for something i did wrong.

Then one day, i was led to the Master's office.  Again, various scenes of my
shit eating skills were being replayed on the video displays.  Master was behind
Her desk, and Baby was again in Her crib.

"you have done well, toilet.  As you can see from the videos, you supply us all
with quite a lot of entertainment.  your first week is over and, as I explained
last week, you will be escorted to a suite of rooms. You will have two hours
alone, during which you will have to choose if you wish to stay here as our
toilet."

"I will tell you though, that we have decided to let Magdeline fuck you.  In
fact She is looking forward to it. I hope you don't let Her, and Me, down."

The Mistress who led me in then, as promised, led me to suite of rooms.  They
were as luxurious as any $ 200 a night hotel suite. As you can imagine, i
immediately entered the shower and let the hot water pour over me for about
half-an-hour.  i must have washed my hair a dozen times trying to get a week's
worth of shit out of it.

I set the alarm for an hour and fell into the king sized bed.  I could not,
however, fall asleep.  I keep thinking about whether i should leave this
bordello, or if i should stay and eat shit for another week.  For some reason, i
had a burning desire to meet this Magdeline and fuck Her.

The alarm rang, and i turned it off.  My curiosity got the best of me and i
decided to stay . . . exactly two hours after i entered the suite of rooms, Baby
entered the room.  She was no longer nude.  Now She was wearing a leather bra
and bikini.  The strange thing was, She was also wearing panty hose. 

i was on my hands and knees. "This is your last chance to leave."  She paused,
"OK, on your back, on the bed, with your butt on the edge of the bed."

i immediately complied. She fastened a strap around the root of my cock.  It was
snug, but not uncomfortable.  She then had me turn over.  She proceeded to shove
a cold, brass probe up my ass.  It was not large enough to be uncomfortable. 

Then, however, She inflated a balloon that was attached to the probe.  With the
balloon inflated, there was no way the probe could be expelled from my bowels.

She then connected a thin wire from the cock ring to the probe.  "Every week we
put on a little show for some of our better paying clients.  You are going to
play a rather large part in this show, and this little device is to ensure that
you comply."

i did not, of course, tell Her that i would be very happy to fuck Magdeline in
front of anyone.

"Let's try this puppy out." She giggled at the word puppy, but i did not think
anything of it.

She pressed a button on a remote, and a mild, not unpleasant, "buzzing"
sensation erupted in my ass.

"Did you feel that," She asked?

i nodded.

"I'm not so sure."

From Her manipulation of my cock, i had become about three-fourths hard. She
pressed another button, and i let out a squeal as a wicked shock tore through my
cock.  My cock quickly shrank to nothing. 

"That's a taste of ten.  This device goes up to 100.  Keep that in mind during
our little show. You may get up and walk.  Follow me, slave."

As we walked She said, "Needless to say, you will do everything your are told,
and you will do nothing unless you a told to do so."   

Baby proceeded to lead me backstage to a small auditorium. She let me look out a
small window where i could see about 150 people, mostly men, taking their seats.
A large video screen was at the rear of the stage, and camera operators were
waiting to capture the show on tape.

The stage was bare, with only a few cushions in the center.  Magdeline entered.
She was, simply put, stunning.  She was a tall, lean redhead, and although Her
breasts were not huge, i thought they were the perfect size for titty fucking.

She glanced around and Her eye caught mine.  Her look was very ominous. I was
starting to become slightly apprehensive.  She laid down onto the cushions and
spread Her legs.  The curtains opened, and the crowd went wild.

She said "Here Boy, here my big Stud." 

Now this is interesting, i thought.  my cock was becoming hard and i prepared to
make my sacrifice for the show.  My bubble burst when "Stud", a large Great Dane
walked onto the stage.  His cock was larger than mine.

(Although that's not saying a whole lot.)

"I'm sooo hot, and I need a fucking sooo much."

I have to admit, Stud was very well trained.  He came over to about one foot in
front of Magdeline.  He waited until Magdeline said "Lick me Stud, lick me till
I cum."

Stud licked Her.  Everyone could tell that Stud was VERY good at eating pussy. 
After awhile, Magdeline yelled "Stop! Now Stud, fuck me, fuck me good!"

Stud mounted Her immediately, and good to his name he fucked Her good.  Stud
lasted about fifteen minutes, which Baby told me was came fairly quickly.  In
that fifteen minutes Magdeline came more times than i could count.  The crowd
loved it.

After Stud dismounted Her, he once again took his position at Her feet.  After
resting for a few short minutes, She announced to the crowd, "Today we're going
to try something new, I hope you like it."

She turned to Stud and commanded, "Shit, Stud, SHIT."

Stud assumed the silly position that dogs do when they shit, and he did his
duty.  When the first turd hit the stage floor, the crowd groaned slightly. 

I expected a big pile from a dog as large as Stud, but it looked like he hadn't
shat for a week.  It took him all of five minutes, and when he finished, the
pile was huge. Magdeline sent the dog away. Now I was becoming REALLY
apprehensive.

Suddenly Magdeline Stood up, placed Her feet on either side of the pile of
dogshit, and sat down in the middle of it.  Needless to say, the crowd was
stunned.

Magdeline plunged Her hands into the vile substance and began to rub it into Her
hairy pussy.  i could tell that She even shoved some of it up Her cunt.  Then
She proceeded to coat Her breasts with the dogshit.  Lastly, She put a big
handful of shit onto each of Her nipples.

The cushions were moved closer to Her, and She once again reclined back onto
them.

Baby whispered into my ear," Remember what Master said about you being below
dogshit on the evolutionary scale.  Well here's proof.  On your hands and knees. 
Crawl out there. Time for you to get fucked" She gave me a small push, "Make
sure you do EVERYTHING Magdeline tells you to do." She also gave my cock a mild
jolt of electricity.

i crawled out and Magdeline reached out with Her shit covered hands.  She ran
Her hands through my nice, clean freshly washed hair.  All i could think about
is that i would smell like dogshit all week.  She drew me close.  She pulled my
head between Her shitty breasts.  Suddenly my face was covered with Stud's foul
smelling shit.  Behind me the crowd was moaning loudly.

She had read my mind.  "Still want to fuck My tits? Now, dogshit, I want you to
stick out your tongue and lick the shit off of my tits.  Start next to my chest,
and work towards My nipple.  Do not lick My nipple until I tell you. Stick your
tongue way out, make sure you've got big mouthfuls before you swallow it.  This
is going to look great on video."

i hesitated briefly until both the probe in my ass and the cock started to shock
me.  i stuck out my tongue, and yes, i started to lick.  It was the most foul
tasting shit i had ever tasted.

The crowd let out a collective moan.  Soon people were yelling things like, "God
that's gross," or "That's disgusting."

The shit was so thick on Magdeline's breasts that it did not take long to load
up my tongue.

Magdeline said, "OK now, pull your tongue in your mouth, chew it slightly, then
swallow.  While your mouth is closed, smile, and keep smiling.  Woe be it if you
vomit."

i closed my mouth, and as soon as i started to chew, some of the wretched
substance trickled down my throat.  it took my greatest effort not to throw up. 
But i was able to control my tumultuous stomach.

i licked another mouthful, and this time i glanced at the video screen.  There i
was, a close-up of my head, about ten feet tall, my mouth open wide, there was
so much dogshit on my tongue that when i pulled it into my mouth, my lips
scrapped some off.  i closed my mouth.  The dogshit was so soft, i only needed
to chew two or three times, then i swallowed it.  A small amount of the putrid
brown fluid started to seep out of the corner of my mouth.  It was the most
revolting thing i had ever seen.

Before too long Magdeline's left breast was clean of shit, and She was starting
to pant.  "Now open your mouth wide, take my nipple into your mouth, and suck it
clean.  Use your tongue."

i opened my mouth, engulfed the mess of dogshit and sucked.  As i sucked on Her
nipple, i flicked Her nipple with the tip of my tongue.  i kept sucking and
flicking at the nipple.  Soon an orgasm shock Her body.  Her hands then guided
my head to Her right breast.  Again i licked Her tit clean.

"OK dogshit, now down to my crotch," She said as She forced my head lower.
Because Her snatch was so hairy, it was very difficult for me to lick the
dogshit off without pulling Her hair.  Finally i had accomplished the nasty
task, then She had me lick Her labia clean, then suck the dogshit out of Her
cunt. 

i was becoming very nauseated, while Magdeline had cum several times.  i had
been on stage for about forty-five minutes.  Finally Magdeline ordered me
offstage to where Baby waited for me.  Baby then led me back to the Master's
office.  As i followed Baby, i could see by the way She was walking that She had
taken a hot dump in Her pantyhose.

When we entered the Master's office Master was sitting in the crib.  She was
sitting on a very young girls chest, and that girl was eating Her snatch.  Soon
She came.  She got out of the crib, and walked behind Her desk.

She nodded Her head to the video monitors, where I was once again eating dogshit
off of Magdeline's tits.  "You are the most disgusting person I have ever seen. 
But you certainly make me VERY horny."

"As you can see, Baby has become a little old to be an infant, so we have found
someone to take Her place.  Baby has been such a good child to Me that I have
allowed Her to choose Her specialty.  She wants to be a Dominant."

"To this end, I have decided to give you to Her.  Her job is to completely
degrade, humiliate, and train you.  She is off to a good start.  You have Her to
thank for this afternoon's little show."

"Mistress Spice now has complete power over you"

Mistress came over to where I was kneeling before Master's desk.  "Although I am
no longer a baby, it seems that I have messed in my pantyhose.  Remove them from
me."

i took the off as best i could.  She had me leave them on the floor while i
cleaned the shit from Her crotch and legs.  After i finished, She ordered me to
pick up the crotch portion of the pantyhose, along with Her shit, and shove it
in my mouth.  My mouth was bulging.  She then had me tie the legs around my
head. 

Mistress then climbed onto my back.  "Now I have my own horse, and it comes
complete with training bit and reins."  She kicked me in the rump and yelled,
"Gitty-up, boy!!"

The shit wad in my mouth soon became saturated with my spit, and i had to
constantly swallow shit juice.  Mistress Spice was so excited that She rode me
throughout the whorehouse and showed everyone Her new horse.  More often than
not, the Woman we saw commented one how i smelt like dog shit.

After our tour of the facility, Mistress Spice returned me to my stall were a
new bowl of shit awaited me.  I continued eating the Women's shit, and each of
the Women seemed to have some special humiliation for me to experience.

Mistress Spice treated me like a dog.  She did, however, along with many of the
other Women, compliment me on how submissive i was.  i did not complain, and i
did my best to do whatever shameful things the Women asked of me.

This, however, created a problem.  One day Mistress Spice entered my stall, and
shit on the floor.  "Eat it up, Slut'" She commanded.

i dove in immediately. 

"Well, your second week is up, and I'm going to take you up to the suite again. 
However, I have something to tell you.  As the Master explained to you,
Magdeline is Her personal toilet.  Now it seems that there has been a lot of
talk about how well you no only eat shit, but how well you take abuse."

"Magdeline has complained about that, and has boasted about how She is much
better at eating shit than you.  I must admit that I've enjoyed having you as a
slave.  your obedience to Me has made Me very proud.  I have, through the
Master, issued a challenge to Magdeline."

"If you decide to stay, We will hold a shit eating contest.  If you win, you
will, under my supervision, put on this week's show with Magdeline.  I guarantee
you that you will get to fuck Magdeline. Not get fucked by Her, but fuck Her. 
If Magdeline wins, you will be Her slave for the next week.  I can also
guarantee you that She does NOT be a pleasant week in store for you."

"Also, because you are a boy, the contest will be slanted towards Magdeline. you
will have to eat one-and-a-half as much shit as She does.  OK, follow Me to the
suite."

i couldn't help myself.  "Mistress, You don't have to take me to the suite.  i
accept the challenge, not because i want to fuck Magdeline, but i want to be
Your slave.  i want to make you proud.  i want to be the best shit eating slave
ever."

Mistress Spice looked gently at me.  "I must punish you sometime for speaking
without permission.  We promised you two hours a week alone, and the chance to
leave.  You will get those things.  If you do accept this challenge you will
make Me proud."

She led me to the suite.  As She left She said, "Write down what you would like
to do, or see done, to Magdeline, if you win.  It will, of course, be my
decision as to what happens to Her."  Then She was gone.

i immediately took another long shower.  i then sat down and wrote a short
letter saying that i had heard that although Magdeline liked vanilla sex once in
a while, She did like anything out of the ordinary like oral or anal sex.  i
then wrote that i was sure that Mistress Spice could think up something fitting
for Magdeline.

This time i was sleeping when Mistress Spice entered the suite.  She woke me and
gave me a chance to leave.  Again, i told Her that i wanted to stay and defend
Her honor.  She actually took my face in Her hands and kissed me. She then took
the riding crop She was carrying and whipped me hard across my ass.  Mistress
then took a leather collar and placed it around my neck. She then snapped a dog
leash onto the collar, ordered me to my hands and knees, and led me to the
theatre. 

Two large glass bowls were evident on the stage. One was on a small table, along
with a set of silverware.  Behind the table was what looked like a kitchen
chair.  The chair, however, was covered in black leather, and the middle of the
seat was cut out like a toilet seat.  The other bowl was placed on the floor
below the seat. Magdeline soon joined us and the three of us moved onto the
stage.

Magdeline sat on the chair, making sure that Her skirt would not divert any shit
coming from Her asshole from falling into the bowl placed below Her seat. 
Mistress ordered me, on my hands and knees, of course, to the bowl below
Magdeline's seat. 

Mistress walked downstage and addresses the audience.  "Ladies and gentlemen,
this afternoon we are pleased to present a shit eating contest.  There has been
some controversy as to who the best shit eater is.  Seated at the table is our
beautiful Magdeline, who is our Master's toilet. Behind Her is my shit eating
slave."

The shit will come from you, the audience.  For the next half hour volunteers
may come up to the stage and shit onto plates.  Your shit will be divided
between each of the contestant's bowls.  As you can see, my slave must also eat
any shit that Magdeline shits into his bowl. The winner is the first one to all
of the shit placed into the bowl."

The rules are simple:  First, each contestant must eat all of the shit placed
into their bowl.  Second, if a contestant vomits, the other competitor wins. 
And, last, my slave may not use his hands."

"Those volunteers wishing to contribute may come up on stage and start shitting. 
While we are waiting for our first contribution from the audience, my slave will
remove the plug from Magdeline's asshole."

i looked up, an sure enough, i saw the flange of the butt plug that was in
Magdeline's ass.  This is not good, i thought.  I reached up with my mouth and
placed my teeth around the flange and started to pull.  The plug was so large,
and so firmly planted that i slipped off.  i tried again, and this time the plug
slowly started to come out.

It was certainly an "Extra-Large."  i pulled and pulled and suddenly the widest
part was past the sphincter, and then Her ass quickly expelled the foreign
object.  Without being told, i immediately started to clean the projectile off.

i could both hear Magdeline grunting, and see Her asshole contract trying to
expel the shit from Her ass.  i decide to help.  i placed my lips on Her ass and
plunged my tongue as far into Her foul tunnel as i could.  At the same time i
started to suck on Her asshole, encouraging the shit from Her.

While this was going on, i heard a the plop of about a ten inch piece of shit
being dropped into my bowl.  i could see in the video monitor that Magdeline's
share of the turd was about six inches long.  See picked up Her knife and fork
and started to eat Her slice. 

Suddenly my full attention was directed to Her ass.  The stool, which must have
been fermenting for days, started to emerge from Her ass.  It was massive, and
very hard.  It emerged slowly.  i could hardly open my mouth wide enough to eat
it.  But finally i had a mouthful and i started to chew it. 

While i chewed, Her shit continued to emerge from Her ass.  By the time i had
chewed Her first offering enough to swallow it, Her turd reached from Her ass
two feet above the bowl to about three inches into the bowl.  It finally fell
from Her ass. 

Two more contributions from the audience were heaped into my bowl.  i glanced up
at Magdeline's bowl.  Her shit, which was now much softer, began to stream from
Her ass.  While She was keeping up very easily with Her share of the Shit,
between my slow start, and Magdeline's contribution, i was quickly falling
behind.

i started wolfing down the shit as best i could.  i glanced up and there where
about ten people, each squatting and shitting.  Again i looked in the video
monitor and found Magdeline quite composed and nonchalantly eating the shit in
Her bowl with Her knife and fork.

The shit from Magdeline's ass finally slowed to a dribble.  More shit from the
audience was put into my bowl.  It was almost overflowing.  Finally i started to
keep up with the continued additions, and then slowly i started to make headway. 
A clock was displayed in the bottom of the video monitor.  There was only five
minutes left, and i knew i was going to lose.  My bowl was still half full, and
Magdeline had only one turd in Her bowl.  None the less, i redoubled my efforts
and concentrated on eating the shit as fast as i could.

Then suddenly i sensed that Magdeline had tensed up.  I glanced up and saw that
Stud had been led out onto the stage.  He was commanded to shit, and being the
well trained dog that he was, he shit.  And it was quite a beauty.  i figured it
to be about a five pounder.  i heard Magdeline groan. This time Mistress Spice
divided the huge turd Herself. 

Mistress slightly more than half of it into my bowl, and being the experienced
dogshit eater that i am, i dug right into the putrid shit and scarfed it down. 
Mistress then put the other portion into Magdeline's almost empty bowl. 

Magdeline pushed back slightly from the table.  I looked at the monitor while
Magdeline took a small bite of waste from Stud's asshole.  She gagged as She
hesitantly chewed the foul shit.  She took another few small bites, and seamed
to be handling it OK.  Suddenly She leant over the table and spewed out the most
putrid vomit i have ever seen or smelt.

All of a sudden i was on top of the world!!  i had won because Magdeline
couldn't handle dogshit.  i kept eating the shit from my bowl, but Mistress came
over and took me by the hand, pulled me to my feet, and yelled "The Winner.  The
winner will get his prize now."

i looked at Magdeline and i could tell by the look on Her face that someday She
would pay me back . . . big time.

The bowl was removed from Magdeline's table.  Mistress ordered Magdeline to
remove Her clothes, which She did without hesitation.  An unusual strap-on
dildoe was brought out and placed onto the table.  It was huge - about four
inches in diameter, and eighteen inches long.  Where the balls would normally be
were two large plastic sacks.  Also, a gallon jar was placed on the table.  It
was about three-fourths full of a viscous, white milky fluid.

"For the last two weeks, all of the cum from the condoms used upstairs has been
collected and placed in this jar.  This dildoe is a prototype of what we call
the 'Enema Dildoe.'"  There is a small, powerful pump in the base of this cock
which, when activated, injects whatever is in these 'ball sacs' out of the tip
of the cock."

Mistress Spice then unscrewed the bags from the dildoe and filled them each with
about a quart of cum from the jar.  Mistress then ordered Magdeline to lay on
Her back on the table.  Restraints were placed onto Her ankles, and then were
attached to winches which pulled Her feet above and behind Her head.  When the
winches stopped, Her ass and cunt were exposed to any invasion Mistress Spice
wished.  Mistress then had me place my shit bowl, which was still about half
full next to Magdeline.  She then ordered Her to coat Her tits with the shit. 

Mistress then commanded me to stand next to Magdeline's face.  She then had
Magdeline coat my cock with the disgusting mixture.  "This slave has not had an
orgasm in at least two weeks," She announced, "therefore, he will be allowed to
cum twice." 

Mistress then commanded me to climb onto the table and straddle Magdeline's
body.  She then ordered Magdeline to place my cock between Her shitty tits, and
squeeze my cock with Her tits as i fucked them.

My attention was, of course, centered on my cock, which was the hardest it had
ever been.  The sight of my shit coated cock fucking Magdeline's magnificent
tits was the most erotic thing i had ever seen.  i knew that i would not last
long.  Two weeks of spunk would soon be spewing onto Magdeline soon.

Then Magdeline yelped out in pain.  i looked into the monitor and saw that
Mistress had strapped on the dildoe and had plunged the giant cock into
Magdeline's asshole. Mistress was certainly humiliating Magdeline as much as She
could.  Now i was in heaven.  To have won the shit eating contest, then being
allowed to honor of fucking a beautiful Woman's tits, at the same time that my
Mistress fucked Her in the ass with a huge strap-on was something i had never
imagined.

With each thrust Mistress drove Her cock further and further up Magdeline's
bowels.  Soon Her "balls" were slapping Magdeline's ass cheeks.  I lasted only
about five minutes.  The most cum i had ever seen erupted from my cock and
spurted over Magdeline's chest and face.  Mistress ordered me off of the table
and had me coat my cock with the rest of Stud's shit from Her bowl.  Then She
had me stand with my cock above Magdeline's face. 

"OK Slut, take slave's cock in Your mouth and suck him off.  You had better not
barf."  Magdeline did as She was told, and soon i was pumping my cock in and out
of Her mouth.  With the torrid view before me i was once again as hard as a
rock, but since i had just cum i was lasting much longer.

Mistress was really getting into the scene also.  She was thrusting Her cock
into Magdeline's ass with wild abandon.  This time i lasted almost fifteen
minutes.  As i started to cum, i began panting and Mistress pushed a small
switch.  Magdeline's eyes bulged open and i watched while, over the course of
about thirty seconds, Mistress's balls quickly shrank as the jizz in them was
pumped into Her ass.

Finally it was over and i relaxed.  "On your knees, slave." 

I immediately dropped to my knees.  Mistress pulled the dildoe from Magdeline's
ass. "Don't let any of it leak out." 

She looked at me and pointed to Her cock.  "Clean it off."  I crawled over and
was able to get about four inches of it down my throat to clean it.  She grabbed
the back of my head and was able to force about another two inches down.

"Well it looks like we need to have so cock sucking training."  She pulled Her
cock out of my mouth and i cleaned the rest with my tongue.  "Now, clean up Her
crack."

Some of the cum had leaked out of Magdeline's ass and was running down Her
crack.  I, of course, cleaned Her crack.

"Now down on your back slave."  Magdeline's legs were released and Mistress
said, "Go shit the cum out.  Use the toilet here."  She squatted over my mouth
and slowly opened Her sphincter.  I opened my mouth to receive the brown and
white mixture of scum.  As the rank brew fell the six inches into my wide open
mouth, the audience went wild.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slavenick


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





