BDSM Library - Amber's Slut Training




Amber's Slut Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Alex and Amber discover her desire to be used as a submissive slut and decide they need a little assistance from an experienced Dom.
Amber's Slut Training

While talking about our fantasies, we discovered that Alex had some very
definite Dominant desires and I was a natural submissive. We began exploring our
thoughts and fantasies and it wasn't very long before we discovered how really
developed each of our fantasies had become.  I had a burning desire to be
humiliated and used like a total slut, and Alex really enjoyed playing the part
of the Dom.  We soon decided that we needed a little guidance and came up with
the idea of finding an experienced Dom who would teach me humiliation and what
it meant to be used as a slut while allowing Alex the opportunity to witness and
learn from the experience as well.  So, it was decided that Alex would seek out
such a person and initiate the contact that could lead to my first experience
with a seasoned Dom. 

Alex came home on Tuesday and told me that he knew someone that he would like to
introduce me to as a possible play partner. We talked it over and agreed to meet
with him on Friday night to talk about our desires and decide if we felt
comfortable enough to go through with it.  Alex had known Tim for some time and
felt very comfortable with him, so it was really a meeting to see how I felt
about this man who was a complete stranger to me.

I was unable to think of anything else all week and when Friday finally came we
were both eager to meet him at a hotel restaurant for drinks and a talk. The
initial conversation was just small talk but we eventually got around to talking
about our desires and what we would like to get out of an encounter.  After we
had talked explicitly for about thirty minutes or so, Tim excused himself so
that Alex and I could talk it over and decided if we both felt comfortable
enough to proceed with the next phase of the evening.  When Tim returned to the
table we were both in agreement that we really wanted this and Tim had put both
of us at ease with him.  Tim was happy to hear our decision and told us that he
would give us a 20-minute head start so that I could prepare for him.  I had no
idea what he meant.

Alex and I left the restaurant and went to a nearby motel where Alex had already
reserved a room. When we got to the room Alex told me to get dressed in a mini
skirt, thong panties, push-up bra and a sheer blouse that he had in the car.  I
was surprised at his preparation but also very excited and nervous. The time
flew by because before I knew it Alex's cell phone rang and he told Tim which
room we were in and that we were ready for him. Alex asked me one more time if I
was sure and, after hearing my assurances, went outside to talk over last minute
details with Tim. 


When Alex came back in, he told me that when I was ready, to open the door and
invite Tim in. He said that I was to understand that when I did this, I would
beTims property and, would do whatever he told me to do. I was so excited and
before I realized it, I found myself at the door. God I was nervous but I opened
the door and there stood Tim.  I asked him to please come in. As soon as Tim
entered the room he took control. He told me that he was now in charge and I was
to do as told without hesitation or I would be punished and my punishments would
be totally at his discretion. He said that I could stop the action at any time
by simply saying my husbands' name, and we could talk about what was going on. I
acknowledged that I understood and agreed even though my stomach was filled with
butterflies. Tim then explained that I was nothing but a slut, a piece of meat
for his amusement and nothing more. He told me that my pleasure was not an issue
and I would amuse and entertain, as well as satisfy his needs. With the
preliminary instructions out of the way, he was ready to proceed.

"Okay slut, stand upright with your legs apart and your hands locked behind your
head," he said.  "This is the first position, when I tell you to assume the
first position or simply say 1 you will do so without hesitation," he told me. 
I thought oh my God, I hope I can remember everything.  "Now get on your knees
slut and keep those hands locked behind your head," he said.  I quickly complied
and he continued by telling me, "This is position 2 and this is good for
allowing a slut to worship her masters' cock.  You would love to worship your
masters' cock wouldn't you slut," he said.  "Yes Sir, it would be an honor to
worship your cock," I replied.  Where the hell did that come from was all I
could think.  Tim continued to teach me new positions, "3" on all fours with my
head up, "This is good for giving me access to your huge slut tits and ass," he
said.  "4" face on the floor with my ass in the air, "This gives me total access
to that slut ass, this makes it easy for me pay some attention to your ass hole
slut," he said.  "5" on my back with my legs spread wide and my hands behind my
head, "This allows me to have access to your cunt and also pay attention to
those tits and your slut mouth," he said.  "6" on my back with my legs held
spread open by placing my hands behind my knees. I learned all of these
positions but not without making a few mistakes, which garnered me several hard
smacks to my ass.

After Tim was satisfied that I had learned the positions, he ordered me to stand
up and remove my blouse. I hesitated and Tim said, "From this point on I will
keep a tab on your mistakes slut, and when you reach 10 I will dole out a
different punishment."  I now worked quickly to comply with the order and
removed my blouse.  He ordered me into position 1 after which he stared at my
tits for a moment and said, "You have wonderful tits slut tell me how big they
are."  I told him that they are 44DDD.  He told me, "Whenever I compliment you
slut, you are to thank me and respond by telling me that your body is mine and
is only to serve my needs."  "That is your first mistake slut, only 9 more to
go," he said.  I could only imagine what he had in mind and I knew that I didn't
want to find out. "Now slut, remove that fucking skirt for me by turning around
and bending at the waist as it goes down," he said.  Hesitation once again
earned the warning that I had only 8 more mistakes left.  When my skirt was off
he had me bend over and place my hands on the bed so he could examine my ass. 
He came over and felt and squeezed my ass as he told me he was going to get
great pleasure out of using it.  I replied with my mantra, "My ass is yours Sir
and it's only purpose is to serve your needs."   Next, Tim ordered me to remove
my bra and assume position 1. Again I hesitated and was admonished. With me
standing in position 1 in just panties, He came over to me and grabbed my
breasts and squeezed them very hard while telling me, "I am going to enjoy using
these slut tits."  "Position 3 slut," he ordered, and I quickly got onto all
fours with my head up.  My tits were hanging and I was helpless to prevent the
onslaught of his hands as he squeezed and slapped my tits and pulled and twisted
my nipples until my tits ached.  During his rough handling of my tits, I made a
couple of more mistakes and was informed that I only had 6 left. When Tim was
ready, he ordered me to stand and face the bed and remove my panties just like
my skirt, by bending at the waist.  This brought great hesitation from me and
Tim told me that I had only 4 mistakes left. When I was naked and bent over the
bed, he came over and grabbed my ass and spread it wide to view and feel my
asshole. He stuck a finger in my ass and probed for a minute and said, "Your
asshole is good and tight slut, I am going to open it up for you.  Doesn't that
make you happy slut?"  "Yes sir, my asshole is for your pleasure and I would be
honored to have you open it up for me," I replied.  He then removed his finger
from my asshole and shoved it in my face, "Suck your ass off my finger you nasty
slut."  I did as instructed; fearing more mistakes that would bring the
punishment that I was dreading more by the minute.  Finally satisfied with my
cleaning job, he grabbed my pussy very roughly from behind and pinched and
pulled my pussy lips.  He then ordered me into position 5 (on bed on my back
with my legs spread wide).  I didn't do it fast enough and he took 2 more
mistakes only 2 left.  God I was nervous but also excited.  Now here I was
completely naked and lying legs spread in front of a stranger with my husband
watching. What was worse (or better) was that Tim was now feeling my pussy and
tits and making all sorts of comments about what a slut I was and that he knew
how much I really wanted this. He made me tell him what a slut I was and I
willingly did. I said, " I am a complete slut sir and I will be honored to
perform any act that you command of me."  I felt totally humiliated but I was
also completely turned on at the same time.  "Okay slut," he said, "Get into
position 6 for me now only instead of holding your legs I want you to hold that
slut cunt open, wide open by grabbing those cunt lips and pulling them apart, I
want to see your entire slut cunt."   I lost my other two chances on that one
before I positioned my hands exactly where he wanted.  When he had me in the
exact position he wanted, my pussy was gaping open as I held it for him, he got
down between my legs and I shivered when I felt his breath on my clit and pussy
lips.   Without warning, he grabbed my clit and squeezed while pulling and I
almost screamed. When he was satisfied with his inspection, he ordered me into
position 1.


He reminded me that he owed me some punishment and that the time had come.  He
had obviously done his homework because one of the things that I fear most is
being naked and exposed with no where to hide when others can see me.   "Gather
all of your clothing slut and place it in the overnight bag that you brought
with you. I mean all of your clothes, even the ones that you wore to our meeting
tonight."  When I had done this, he said, "You are going to put them where you
won't be able to get them back until I am satisfied completely that you know
what it feels like to be totally used and humiliated."   Now I didn't have any
idea what he had in mind, and I my mind was racing through possibilities.  He
produced a small jacket from a bag that he had brought with him, "Put this on
slut," he said.   The thing was tiny and no matter how hard I tried it would not
button over my tits.  "Come here you pathetic slut," he said. "Let me do it for
you," then he buttoned it up under my tits where it barely covered my nipples so
that I had a ton of cleavage spilling out the top.  "Now slut take a look in the
mirror," he said.  I couldn't believe it I looked like a real slut; my tits were
popping out with the aeriola showing and just my nipples holding on for dear
life.  When I turned around I was shocked to see that half of my ass was
completely uncovered you could even see my pussy lips from the back when I
walked.  He smacked me hard on the ass and said, "Okay my little slut, lets go
for a little stroll."   I was horrified at the idea but not being in control of
the situation and not receiving anything but turned on looks from my hubby, I
had no choice but to follow him outside.  My humiliation was almost too much but
I was also totally turned on.

Once outside the room, we turned right and walked down the breezeway about 50
yards. It was an old style motel where the rooms have doors outside and windows
that open from the middle. It was a warm night and several people had their
curtains open and some even had the doors open.  I was doing okay until 2 young
guys came out of a room about 10 feet in front of us and started walking our
way. I stopped for a minute and Tim slapped my ass hard making a loud slap. This
got me moving and also served to get their attention. They stared from my tits
to my face which was now beet red.  When they got to us, Tim said to them, "Just
taking my slut for a walk guys."   They laughed and went by kept going by us. 
As soon as they were past us a couple of feet, Tim said, "Slut, stop and bend
over to adjust your shoes, remain bent at the waist until I tell you to stand
back up."  I was horrified but I quickly complied because I was terrified not
too.  No sooner had I bent over, completely exposing my ass and pussy, he
smacked my ass again. "Look between your legs slut," he said, "are they
looking?" he asked.  "Yes sir," I replied.  "Good just stay that way so that
they can get a good look at your slut ass and cunt."  I couldn't believe what I
was doing and I was even more amazed when my husband walked down to where the
guys were standing and snapped some photos from their vantagepoint.   When Tim
was satisfied with my compliance he ordered me to stand up and we continued on
our walk.  After what seemed like an eternity to me we finally to his car which
I am sure he parked well away from our room on purpose.  He opened the trunk and
ordered me to put my bag inside and close it.  He said, "We can come back and
get them later when I am done with you slut."  On the way back to our room, the
two guys were hanging around outside their room laughing and staring at us. 
When we got to them Tim told me to stop. "Did you guys see enough?" he asked
them.  They said they saw plenty.  "Well this is my slave slut Amber and she
will do anything that I tell her to, would you guys like to see all of her huge
tits?" he asked them.  "HELL YES MISTER," was the enthusiastic reply that you
would expect from two 18 to 20 year old guys.  With this he grabbed my jacket
and unbuttoned the top two buttons allowing my tits to spill out. My humiliation
was complete, I couldn't get away and I knew better than to try.  "Why don't you
both go ahead and feel these slut tits," he told them.  They both started
squeezing and pulling at my tits and nipples; one of them even sucked on my
nipples for a second.  I couldn't believe it; I actually felt a tickle in my
pussy when he did.  I was made to tell them how big they are and to thank them
for feeling my slut tits. When they were through with my tits, we walked the
rest of the way back to the room without instance.  Once we were back inside,
Tim gave me a talk about the importance of obeying quickly and told me that he
would do more humiliating things if I didn't comply.

For the next hour or so, he put me in different positions while he explored my
body and used various toys on my ass and pussy.  When he tired of this, he said
to me, "Get up and undress me slut.  It is time for you to learn how a slut
services her master."   A chill went down my spine as I quickly moved to comply
with this latest demand.   As I removed his pants I saw that he had a large dick
and was fully erect. I didn't know how big it was until I had removed his
underwear.   It was long and thick and the sight of it made my pussy gush.  "Get
on your knees slut and open that fucking mouth," he said.   He grabbed my ears
and slid his thick dick in to my mouth while saying, "Relax your throat and take
all of my cock slut."  After a few minutes I was able to take his entire dick
into my mouth.  "Now slut I am going to fuck your slut mouth, he said."   He
then grabbed two handfuls of my hair and began to fuck my face while telling me
that this was what my mouth was good for.  After a couple of minutes he said, "I
am going to shoot my load into your mouth slut and you better not spill a
fucking drop."  Then he grabbed my ears and rammed his dick all the way into my
throat so that his pubic hairs were up against my face as he began to cum. It
was quite a lot and I did the best I could but some spilled out of my mouth and
went down my chest.  When he was through coming, he removed his dick from my
mouth and said, "You are welcome for being allowed to receive my cum slut, but I
am not happy that you let some get away, you will be punished when I am ready to
do so."   I thanked him for being allowed to receive his cum and I told him that
I understood that I had disappointed him. 

Now he went to the bed and lay down,  "Get over here slut and lie with your head
on my thigh and lick my cock until it is hard and ready to use on your other
slut holes," he said.  As I quickly moved to comply, he told Alex to open the
curtains about 6 inches in the middle so that everyone could see what a slut I
was.

After a while, he became hard again.  "Get into position 6 slut and hold that
pussy open like I taught you," he said.  I quickly complied and he moved in
between my legs. He rubbed his cock over my pussy and clit and said to me, "You
know you want my cock in your cunt slut, Beg me to fuck your worthless cunt." 
"Please fuck my worthless cunt sir," I said.   With that he rammed that his dick
into me with one stroke and I felt like I was split open.  He quickly reached a
furious rhythm and fucked me really hard for what seemed like 15 minutes.  My
pussy was aching when he finally pulled his dick out and jumped up on my chest
to give me a huge load in the face. "Keep your mouth open slut while I cum," he
said.  He came quite a bit again all over my face and when he was through he
stuck his dick in my mouth and said, "Suck my cock dry slut."  I sucked his dick
and licked it until he made me stop.

After another 20 minutes of licking his cock back to full erection, and being
told over and over what a slut I was, he ordered me into position 4 on the bed.
Face down with my ass in the air.  "I am going to get some pleasure out of your
slut asshole now," he said,  "Beg me to fuck your asshole slut."  "Please sir
fuck my asshole, I would be honored if you would," I said.  He grabbed a tube of
lube and greased my ass up while reminding me that the curtains were partially
open and anyone who happened by could see me being fucked up the ass while
another man in the room was watching and taking pictures.  This made my pussy
gush again and I could tell this amused him.   When he was ready, he slipped the
head of his cock into my ass.   I thought I was going to scream, but I held on
and he told me to beg him to give it all to me. "Please sir give me all of your
dick in my asshole," I said.  He worked his cock all the way in and bumped up
against my ass with his pubic bone. I could barely breath. "Brace yourself,
Slut," he said, and then he began the most furious ass fucking that I had ever
received. He lasted for I know 15 minutes before he shot his cum up my ass while
holding me tightly by the hips. When he finally pulled out, he said, "Get a
washcloth slut and clean my cock off."  I jumped up quickly to comply and soon
had his dick cleaned off.  "Okay slut kiss my cock and suck my balls while
thanking me for the fucking I just gave you," he said.  "Thank you sir for
fucking this slut," I replied while kissing and sucking his dick and balls. 
When he was satisfied that his dick and balls were thanked fully he got up on
his hands and knees and ordered me to kiss and lick his asshole as well.  I
moved to comply quickly and thanked him for allowing me to lick his asshole. 
"You are a nasty ass licking cunt aren't you slut?"  He asked.  "Yes sir, I am a
nasty ass licking cunt."  I replied while sticking my tongue up his asshole. 
"Okay slut, stop licking my ass and get my clothes for me," he said.  I got up
and gathered his clothes that were lying on the floor at the foot of the bed. 

After I helped him get dressed he sat down in a chair and stared at me for a
minute.  "Okay slut, lets get you dressed for another excursion, Get that jacket
back on the way I showed you and make it fast," he said.  I got the small jacket
and quickly put it back on while hoping that no one would be up in the motel at
this time of night.  When he was satisfied with my appearance, he took a minute
to talk with Alex in low tones that I could not hear.  The only thing that I
could discern from the conversation was that they both thought whatever they
were discussing was a great idea and they enjoyed the thought of whatever my
further humiliation was to be.  I could not imagine anything that could be worse
than what I had already been subjected to, my body was tired and all of my
openings ached after the intense probing and hard fucking that I had received. 

"Okay slut lets go get your clothes," Tim finally said.  I was happy and gladly
followed him and Alex outside.  The walk to the car was really uneventful and I
was feeling pretty good.  Tim opened the trunk and told me to get my bag out.  I
grabbed the bag and started to close the trunk when he slapped my ass hard,
causing me to jump.  "I didn't tell you to do that yet slut," he said.  "There
is a little matter of some punishment that you have coming to you that we have
to take care of."  It was then that I noticed that Alex was not with us.  "Do
you remember what I owe you for slut?"  He asked.  I thought and thought but
couldn't come up with my transgression.  "No sir, I don't." was my reply.  "You
wasted my delicious cum when I ordered you to take it all down your slut throat,
does that ring any bells slut?"  He asked.  I bowed my head because I did in
fact remember his admonishment after he pulled his dick from my mouth.  "Yes
sir, sorry sir."  I replied.  "Sorry is not going to cut it slut."  He said.  It
was just then that Alex came up to join us.  "Everything is ready," he said to
Tim. 

"Okay slut, take off that jacket," he said.  I thought that I didn't hear him
right and hesitated.  He slapped my ass hard again and said,  "Get that fucking
jacket off now slut, I want you naked right fucking now do you understand me?" 
He asked.  "Yes sir, I am sorry sir."  I replied.  "Then get the jacket off and
put it into the trunk slut."  He said.  I removed the jacket and placed it in
the trunk of his car.  He slammed the trunk closed and said, "Now bend over and
grab the bumper of my car slut."  I couldn't believe the humiliation as I bent
over and grabbed the bumper completely naked with my tits hanging down and my
ass in the air.  When he was satisfied that I felt the humiliation of the moment
he began smacking my ass hard and making me count the slaps out loud.  He
continued slapping my ass alternating cheeks until I had received 15 hard slaps
to both cheeks.  I was not only feeling the pain but I was aware that the sound
was very loud in the quiet parking lot.  I imagined that everyone in the motel
could hear and was now watching me bent over naked with a man spanking my ass
while another man watched.  My pussy gushed again in spite of my humiliation. 
When he was finished with my spanking he said, "Okay slut now stand up and let's
get on with this, I am getting bored."  With that, he started to walk back down
the outside corridor to our room.  I was feeling a little relief believing that
my ordeal was almost over.  Suddenly, Tim stopped outside a room and knocked on
the door, I didn't understand what was happening, and this was not our room. 

When the door opened, I came to the realization that this is the room of the two
young guys from earlier in the evening.  I instinctively covered my tits with
one hand and my pussy with the other before I knew what I was doing.  Tim say
this and said, "Stop that you fucking slut, I will show you to whomever I please
is that understood?"  "Yes sir, sorry sir," was my reply.  "Okay now get your
ass into position 6 on the ground in front of this door and spread that pussy
then slut.  I am going to teach you a fucking lesson."  He said.  I did as I was
told, totally humiliated to be lying on the ground outside like that.  No sooner
had I assumed my ordered position, than the door opened.  The two young guys
were both standing there and both immediately started staring at my gaping
pussy.  "I thought that you guys might like the use of my slut," Tim said to
them.  "I need to teach her a lesson and if you will accommodate me, I will make
her satisfy both of you."  I was totally horrified but scared to say anything. 
I simply looked to my husband who looked back at me and smiled.  I could see his
hard on through his shorts and this told me what I needed to know.  "You bet
man," was the enthusiastic reply from the guys.  "Okay slut get your ass up and
get in the room now," Tim said to me.  I got up quickly and walked into the
room.  "Get into position 3 on the bed slut while we discuss your punishment,"
he ordered.  I assumed my position as instructed, totally humiliated to be
subjected to the further gazes of these two total strangers.  "Okay here is how
it is going to be," Tim said to the guys, "I will allow you to both use this
slut but there are a few ground rules.  First, she is my property and you will
ask me first if you would like to do anything to her or would like for her to do
anything to you.  Second, if at any time I feel that you are not listening to my
instructions, I will end this encounter and we will go on our way.  Are these
rules acceptable to you both?"  They both acknowledged that they were fine with
the rules.  "Okay then let me talk with my slut for a minute and we will begin,"
he said. 

Tim came over to the bed where I was on all fours and sat in front of me so that
I could see him.  "You know why I am doing this don't you slut?"  He asked me. 
"Yes sir, I did not obey you when you told me not to lose any of your cum."  I
replied.  "That is right slut but I was not going to do quite as much until you
failed to follow instructions to remove the jacket just now in the parking lot. 
I think that you need to be taught a lesson and the way that I think you should
be taught is to be shown what a disobedient slut is good for.  Now you will have
to satisfy these two young men whom you do not know at all.  I am going to make
you be a total cum slut for them.  This is the only way that you may repay me
for the disobedience that you have shown.  You do want to repay me don't you
slut?"  "Yes sir, I am sorry for my disobedience, I will gladly perform whatever
acts you command to repay your."  I replied.  "Good my slut, I am glad that you
have such a good attitude because I am going to let these two young guys use you
in some very degrading ways.  You will be used until I am satisfied that you
have learned the price for disobedience.  Is that clear?"  "Yes sir," was my
reply?  "Good then I think that we should begin." He said. 

With that he stood up and walked over to the guys,  "Let me see your cocks." He
said.  I couldn't see them but I heard them both unzip and Tim says, "Okay yours
is not huge but pretty good sized and yours my friend is nice and thick."  "Put
them up and if you would like, go on over and explore your slut for a few
minutes gentlemen.  Feel free to probe her holes with your fingers and tell her
what a slut she is."  He said.  They both immediately came over and started
groping and probing my asshole and pussy.  The manhandling continued for what I
thought was about 10 minutes during which time one of them discovered that he
liked to squeeze my tits really hard and snatch on my nipples because of the
whimpering sounds that it caused me to make.  I knew that he had a sadistic
streak.  They both told me what a slut I was and that they couldn't believe that
I was submitting to this willingly.  One of them asked Tim how big my tits were
again and Tim said to me, "Tell him how big those tits are slut."  "They are
44DDD sir," I replied.  This made the sadistic one excited and he really began
to pull and pinch with newfound fervor.  My tits were aching and I felt totally
violated by the time Tim instructed them to stop. 

"Okay gentlemen why don't you both stand up and I am going to have my slut
undress you both," he said.  As soon as they had done as instructed he said to
me, "Now slut get up and remove both of these gentlemen's clothes, only when you
get to their underwear, I want you to remove them only with your teeth, you may
not use your hands."  I stood up and walked to the first guy, he grinned at me
as I removed his shirt and shorts, when I got him down to his underwear, I could
see that he had a hard on.  I got down on my knees and took the waistband in my
teeth and pulled his underwear down.  I was startled when his dick jumped up and
rubbed across my face as I went down.  When I had him stripped, I moved to the
next one and repeated the process.  This one winked at me and said, "I love
squeezing your tits slut."  I knew right away that he was the sadistic one. 
When I removed his underwear, I saw that he was also the one who had the thick
dick.  It wasn't really long; maybe 6 or 7 inches, but it looked to be as big
around as a beer bottle.  I was immediately horrified at this thing on this
sadistic guy. 

When I had finished my undressing task, Tim said to me, "Okay now slut crawl
over to each guy in turn and run your tongue from the tip of their big toe on
their right foot, up the length of their leg and finish, by running up and over
their balls and down the length of their cock finishing by kissing their dick. 
I also want you to say to the dick, Hello sir Cock, I will be pleasing you with
my slut holes this evening."  "Do you understand slut?"  "Yes sir," I replied,
and moved to complete the latest task I had been given.  When I had performed
this little task, much to the amusement of all present, Tim ordered me into
position 6 on the bed.  "Get your fucking head over the side of the bed slut." 
He said.  I moved to where my head was hanging off of the bed upside down while
the rest of my body was on the bed.  "Now spread and hold that cunt open like I
taught you slut."  He said.  I quickly complied.  "Okay gents, now I want you to
go over to my slut and straddle her face one at a time," he said.  The first guy
cam over and straddled my head.  All I could see was balls and ass.  "Okay now
slut start licking and sucking those balls," he said to me.  I took the guys
balls into my mouth and began to suck away.  I could tell that it was feeling
good to him because he was getting a little weak kneed.  After a couple of
minutes, Tim ordered the first guy away and sent sadistic guy over my head where
I performed the same service for him.  When Tim was satisfied with my
ball-sucking prowess, he ordered them to both move away again.  "Okay now can
you guys get it up pretty quickly after coming?' he asked.  They both said they
could and I believed them because they couldn't have been much more than 21 or
22.  "Okay then I think you should both get a nut now."  He said.  The only
question is which hole am I going to let you use.  I know let's draw straws. 
The short straw gets first choice on holes.  The only holes available for this
round are the cunt and the mount."  With that, Alex came over with two straws in
his hand.  I was really hoping that sadistic guy didn't win because I was afraid
of having him force that thing into my already sore pussy.  The first guy drew
and he had the short straw.  I was really happy until he said that he wanted my
mouth. 

"Okay fellas, get into position but wait for my signal to begin, I want you to
both start at the same time.  Remember, use her like the fuckslut that she is, I
don't want you to worry about her pleasure at all."  He said.  I was horrified
thinking about what was coming, but helpless to stop it nonetheless.  They both
moved into position, the first guy grabbed my head underneath and placed his
dick on my lips, the sadistic guy crawled up between my legs on his knees and
held the head of his monster thick dick, against the opening to my vagina that I
was still holding open.  "GO!" Tim shouted.  The onslaught was immediate.  The
sadistic guy rammed his thick dick into my pussy all the way to the hilt, I felt
his pubic bone slam up against mine, at the same time the first guy shoved his
entire dick into my mouth and down my throat.  I almost gagged but kept it under
control.  Sadistic guy grabbed me by the ankles and pressed his attack of my
pussy home.  He slammed against my ass slapping me with his balls like a madman. 
My pussy literally felt like it was splitting open.  The hot pain was pretty
intense but he loved it.  Take it you fucking cunt he shouted at me while
pounding away.  Meanwhile, the first guy was getting close to coming.  He
continued to fuck my mouth like a pussy and I could tell that he was close. 
While I was concentrating on him, and trying to block out the abuse that my
pussy was taking, the sadistic guy pinned my knees with his shoulder and grabbed
my tits and began to shoot his load into my aching pussy.  This interrupted the
first guy for a second while he watched his friend cum inside me.  When sadistic
guy was finished he pulled out roughly and stood up while the first guy began to
come deep into my throat.  He grabbed me and held my mouth firmly around his
dick with his pubic hair shoved into my nose while his balls rested against my
eyes.  He came a ton and I almost gagged trying to get it all down.  As soon as
he was finished he pulled out of my mouth.  Tim said, "Okay slut position 2 on
the floor now."  I got up feeling my pussy ache and assumed the ordered
position.  I could see that sadistic guy was stroking on his semi hard dick and
Tim saw this too. 

He told sadistic guy to lie down on the bed and then looked at me and said, 
"Okay slut, get up there and give him the best cock sucking that he has ever
had.  But keep that ass up in the air for me so it is good and accessible."  I
moved onto the bed where Mr. Sadistic was lying with a partially hard dick.  I
put my elbows down on the bed between his legs and arched my back so that my ass
was up in the air and began to lick and suck his dick.  "Damn, slut suck my cock
you bitch," he said.  His dick quickly became fully hard again and I continued
to suck with all I was worth.  I wanted to make him cum as quickly as possible
in hopes of tiring him out.  I didn't think I could take much more of his dick
in my pussy.  While I was working on sadistic guys' dick, I felt someone move in
behind me and then felt a dick push into my sore pussy.  It wasn't a big dick,
but my pussy was already sore from the rough fucking I had received.  I paused
long enough to look back and see that it was the first guy and resumed my
sucking.  The first guy quickly assumed a rhythm and didn't take long to shoot
another load of cum into my sore tired pussy.  About the same time sadistic guy
grabbed me by the back of the head and held me down on his dick while he shot
another load of cum into my throat.  I caught as much of this one as I could but
lost a little due to gravity.  When he was done, Tim ordered me to clean and
suck all of the cum from his dick and balls and swallow it down.  I complied and
hoped that they were through with me.  Tim said,  "Okay slut position 1 now."  I
got up and assumed position 1.

"Now folks," Tim began,  "I don't think this slut has done enough penance for
her transgressions.  I was going to make that her last assignment of the
evening, but she failed to satisfactorily take all of the cum that was so
generously placed into her slut mouth.  So, I have decided that if you two guys
are up to the task, I will let you both continue to use her slut holes as long
as you can continue to cum."  I was again horrified.  I didn't know if I could
take much more fucking in my aching pussy.  "Do you have a problem with that
slut?" he asked me.  "I will do as you wish sir," I replied.  "Good slut, now I
know that your cunt hole is probably sore but I don't care, because this is not
for your pleasure and as long as it gives me pleasure to see you be fucked, I
will use it.  But, I think that since both of these gentlemen have enjoyed your
cunt and your mouth, I think they should have some of that nice tight slut
asshole of yours.  I know I really enjoyed it myself slut.  Now, I want you to
assume position 4 on the edge of the bed and offer your slut asshole to these
gentlemen slut.  Be sure that you beg for it and while they are fucking you,
remember that the reason for this is your failure to properly receive the cum
offered into your slut mouth."  He instructed.  I couldn't believe my ears but
not being able to stop myself, I quickly assumed the ordered position on the
edge of the bed. 

"I offer my slut asshole to you gentlemen, please fuck my asshole.  I would be
honored if you would fuck this slut asshole as Sir Tim has instructed." I said. 
With that, the first guy walked up behind me and slapped me on the ass.  Tim
shoved some lube up my ass and gave him some for his dick, which he quickly
applied.  That done, he grabbed me by the ass and taking a cue from his friend,
shoved his dick into my asshole with one stroke.  I again felt like I was going
to scream and he pounded my ass for what seemed like 15 minutes.  It was getting
harder for them to cum now and I wished Tim had let them fuck my ass first.  I
knew he did this so that I would have to be subjected to this humiliation and
use the longest though.  All the while he was pounding away at my ass, Tim kept
telling me what a pathetic slut I was and that I could have avoided all of this
if I had just followed instructions.  He told me that this was all my doing and
that he believed that I was really a closet ass-fucking addict.  Finally the guy
came into my aching ass and pulled out.  It was time for sadistic guy and his
beer bottle dick.  He didn't waste any time and I may have had a 10-second rest
before he stepped into the saddle and slammed his huge dick all the way into my
asshole.  He reached around and grabbed a tit in each hand and told me what a
nasty slut that I was and that he intended to fuck me for hours.  He pounded for
another 15 minutes and I couldn't believe that these young guys had so much
stamina.  Finally he began to shoot into my ass and I felt like I had been
reamed open with a baseball bat.  When he pulled out, I could feel my asshole
gaping open and Tim quickly confirmed this for me by pointing it out to everyone
in the room. 

"Okay slut, get a washcloth and clean those cocks off, we don't have time for
your resting." He said.  I got up and quickly did as I was told to avoid some
other punishment.  When I had completed my cleaning of the guys Tim said, "Look
slut, they both have semi hardons, why don't you go over and play with both of
their cocks and see what happens."  I went over and took both dicks into my
hands and was surprised that sadistic guy got hard almost immediately and the
other guy came alive just a few seconds later.  "Look slut, they got hard again,
It looks like you still got some work to do." He said, "Why don't you straddle
this guy here, (talking about the first guy), and slip his dick into your pussy,
while this guys, (sadistic beer bottle dick), Fucks that asshole again.  Yes
that is what I want to see a little double penetration." 

The guys were more than happy with this arrangement and I quickly found myself
face to face with the first guy with his dick buried in my pussy, while sadistic
guy moved in from behind and shoved his dick into my asshole again.  The first
guy just lay there while sadistic guy pounded my asshole again for probably 10
minutes this time.  They both erupted about the same time and I felt my ass and
pussy receive another load of strange cum.  I was so sore that I didn't think my
poor holes could take much more. 

Tim had me get up again and clean sadistic guy off from the ass reaming he had
just given me.  When I was finished with this, he ordered me to suck both of
their dicks to see if they could get hard anymore.  Unfortunately for me both
did and Tim allowed them to fuck me in the hole of their choice.  The first guy
picked my pussy and fucked me for a long time in the missionary position until
he came yet again.  Sadistic guy picked my asshole, which he had grown quite
fond of, and ordered me to lie on my back with my legs over my head while he
squeezed my tits and pounded the hell out of me for probably 20 minutes before
he came again. 

Fortunately, they both told Tim that they couldn't go anymore after this.  I was
so relieved that I actually sighed out loud.  Tim heard me and came over and
slapped my ass very hard.  "Do you think you are through slut?"  He asked me. 
"No sir, I am not through until you tell me that I am through." I replied. 
"Okay then, get over there and thank the nice gentlemen and their cocks for the
reaming and all the cum they gave you then."  He said.  I went over to both of
them and gently licked and sucked their dicks and balls while thanking them
profusely for fucking the shit out of me.  When I was done Tim told them that we
were done and thanked them for a great show. 

On the way back to our room, I felt exhausted and my pussy and asshole ached.  I
was sure that I was through with all of the humiliation and use for the evening. 
As soon as we were back to our room, I knew that Tim had something else in mind
altogether.  "Leave the door open slut and get your ass on the bed in position 6
right now." He said.  "I am going to be the last to use your slut ass tonight." 
With that he climbed onto the bed and just like sadistic guy, pinned my legs in
front of his shoulders and grabbed a tit in each hand while ramming his already
hard dick all the way into my asshole.  He pounded away for a few minutes before
finally shooting yet another load of cum the 6th tonight into my seriously sore
asshole.  "Damn your asshole is getting a little reamed out slut, It still gave
me great pleasure though and I am pleased with you." He said.  "Now that I am
done with you I hope that you have learned what it means to be my sub slut.  You
may go and shower yourself now and when you have finished return and sit on the
bed."

I moved to the bathroom and took a long hot shower being careful not to rub too
hard on my sore pussy and asshole.  My tits were also sensitive after the
manhandling they had received.  But I really felt pleased with myself for
enduring and performing everything that was asked of me.  When I had finished my
shower I returned and sat on the bed as instructed.  Tim and Alex were chatting
and smoking when I came in.  Tim stood up and came over to me, "You have done
well slut, I hope that you are proud of yourself, I know that Alex and I are
both proud of you.  You will make an excellent submissive slut for him.  I hope
to have the opportunity to use you again in the future." He said.  With that he
bent over and kissed me gently on the head and left. 

Afterward, Alex and I talked about the experience and then just lay in each
other's arms and cuddled until we both fell asleep...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alex aka mastersnippy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





